oh yeah good morning dogface that's a
pretty good intro to today's video but
with them little tail wag I saw you
missed the Internet
why are you guys so sleepy oh my gosh I
know why because it's been raining you
guys it's driving me crazy I'm getting
cabin fever I just want to go outside
and do fun stuff but it's just been
crappy of course my bag it's the heavy
thing it's not that heavy
it's like someone during that time
walked outside yes what do you think
Marc Jacobs bang it on your mom takes
you Christmas it's fine JJ hold still oh
you smell good dude you smell good it
just got to the new hotel and I want to
try to upload stuff $125 for gigs but I
walked outside Danny pointed out looks
really gorgeous right here waiting to a
camera just so I mix it up a little bit
are you locked in the bathroom I'm
trying to run errands and go to the
grocery store and get stuff done and
it's just like you know what okay I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna leave the house
it's stopped raining let's go as soon as
I get my car to go somewhere it's tresh
you know what though we need the rain I
got to be thankful for the rain you know
what when there's a bad situation for
one reason it's got to be good for
another reason
it's been a while since we've had a car
dance party hasn't ha ha ha out to lunch
with Madre and we're having an debate
here do you guys feel that in baked
goods the prime part of the base good is
the crust or the soft interior I am a
soft interior person what are you here
is your the crust person she was my
mom's that my mom was a crust her she's
an Audi and I'm a ninny are you an innie
or an outy
in terms of baked goods i love i'm the
am an innie I hate the pressor brownies
I hate the crust pie I hate the edges of
Kate even I will leave the inside you're
an Audi no not my child
well I think we found the other
happening spot now geez I can't really
tell do you think there's a sale going
on in for your entry screen seats please
shiny
I could totally do that I just don't
want to yeah though they don't want it
right now we're just about to shoot a
video we're shooting a zombie movie
we got Deborah we got Lisa who's gonna
be doing basically Zampa fiying all of
us Cole is gonna be the most handsome
zombie ever try its freaky because you
think the poker in the eyeball that is
so good professionals and she picks at
it and like pulls that away you really
get my mom with this Center photo saying
you got beat up and sometimes like lets
in him be like this is Travis Cole he
got hit by a bus should we dressed like
zombies and play in our next show full
zombie makeup tell us in the comments
tell us in the comment know we the Kings
go thriller Oh in the middle of a song
how's the blood good yeah I wanna try
some of this blood he's kind of good
good blood I'm season what's the matter
what you're so crazy why are you so
crazy hi oh hey don't drink that water
don't drink that water
Marley absolutely hates wet grass like
she doesn't even want to go outside to
pee if the grass is wet you guys know
that she's such a friggin Priss it's
ridiculous I need to get her like those
little boots like I had before
she couldn't stand those either though
I'm like pick up your mind dog use it
like the boots or you like the wet grass
all right guys since I didn't get to see
Melissa yesterday I am making
okay today I'm wearing an apron that she
and her mom got me it's like the cutest
thing ever
I'm already happy that I'm making and
now that I'm wearing this I'm like
ecstatic so here are a couple of tips my
mom told me about this if you put wax
paper if you put wax paper underneath
the cake while you frost it you can pull
the pieces away and then there won't be
any frosting on the bottom are you video
bombing me he doesn't know a video
bombing is like if you're making faces
behind yes you do
no I don't yes you do you've got it to
be video so here's another trick you can
take frosting and put it in a baggie and
just cut the corner on the baggie out if
you want to use it like a little
decorating like a pastry bag I don't
even know what you would call it like oh
is this is this entirely necessary what
you doing here are we just what are you
doing push her off again
buzzer ah check it out we're having a
little birthday gift together
oh this email and I just finished the
cake and it looks wonderful I'm very
happy with the way it turned out
wow I look dead right now yeah seems
like Halloween right now are you naked
there's so much vlogging happening right
now okay see I'm not vlogging he thinks
things are vlogging I don't let me vlog
what you're vlogging but I let it get
let me get your vlog yeah yeah 14
seconds nobody hit the chair okay oh my
god I'm not going to stop okay
that's so hard you got a shot you okay
guys emo kid how does peatones do this
every night job is I for a second
Jeff oh nice yeah like that I don't like
the fact that she's answering to you
actually was doing that to the camera
what that's a great footage dude
it's electric did you fall on your right
side I got dragged behind a truck on my
right side oh hi Danny just checking my
stocks gather round ladies and gents
it's birthday time
birthday part two you get two birthdays
like a song or just sing it
World Peace
okay present time yeah he loves me she
loves pearls and you should love that
and then I got this one because out
perfectly
oh my god
I'm you're never gonna let it go it's
adorable oh my god so you found him have
to take her she just woke up she's so
cute
oh my god oh my how can you say no to
that face
okay kid you know what I really am been
working on you is something gorgeous
little copper locks
can we just gonna just got a look at
that oh this is just fantastic I don't
think there's a better do for you honey
look at oh you just look you feel it do
you feel something you look sassy Zoe
and the cat are becoming friends whoa
God what are you doing hey don't eat my
dress this is the cutest thing I think
I've ever seen my dad get her again you
get a kitty she is like a passing minute
they're playing like King you got a
flinch you're gonna flinch hey guys
guess what you totally get a
super-secret male vlog episode today I
just snuck it into the vlog but don't
tell anyone
only the cool kids get to go so keep it
a secret
click the Boxee Box above and you can go
watch the movie goodbye cutter $25 for
Internet something I said well you know
what look what what can I do I can go
into Lobby and just use the internet
here and
potentially scare away customers so
that's how I get back up man oh my god
really probably gonna have to bite the
bullet and just pay him I should I
should just scare him I I got I got an
infection from your beds I should get
free Internet behold our large pizza
alright now the tea is part of trying to
get off
vegetarian zombie
what
the other guard me waiter
Mircea taxi
with y'all trippin
with trippy an alley don't forget so
anymore
