wait a minute what's this you guys
what's all this that kind of looks like
a mail vlog this is the second half of
the mail blog we're gonna finish it
today and wait a minute wait a minute
guess who weird freak magic our mill
vlog was split in twice there was so
much mail that we had to split it and
since I'm where am I
I might you might currently in Australia
I don't know if I'm in Australia or
Malaysia or wherever I'm at
so yeah so here's another mail blog this
is I think it's Amy it's spelled really
it's a yme with a little thingy that
above the letter she drew this but she
also put that neon yeah yeah yeah yeah
CTFxC they have CTFxC aspect who Sophie
in England check this out guys whoa that
is really cool back when Star Wars was
awesome that upsize Star Wars nerds but
yeah that's awesome
Ted fitzy uh-huh this is her dog max
look at them it looks like Al Bundy from
many children al
Lacey and Stephanie I actually Laurie
hello this camera needs to be fixed
anyway
it's okay this is from Lacey Stephanie I
remember meeting them I think was st.
Louis didn't get well soon that's off
that went uh when I had no hair and
everything he's sure than the mustaches
cows mustaches Alec from Michigan I
guess he's a writer
and he put us in this school knew the
newspaper so there's there's the front
cover right there right there as ally
posing you can see I am right there
actually if you want to pause the video
I want to do it nice little macro so if
you guys can read this all right I don't
know if you can read it but positive
screen and then you could read it
this is really cool this is from Jake em
he actually goes to University of
Maryland and there's a guy named Zack
lead last names led er er he was
diagnosed with brain cancer and he had
had the surgery and all that unfortunate
all that fun stuff remember that all
experienced guys and he just before I
think was just before just after surgery
he had his father take a photo so he can
send it to his friends just basically to
say he was okay anybody did the
strongman pose yeah and now over in the
University of Maryland all over there
there's it's basically gone viral
amongst the community and it's basically
called Zacky it's really cool that is
really cool so I wanted to show you guys
that so basically when you do strongman
posing it's it's now it's now officially
as far as the FX he's concerned is
zackin okay this is really really super
creative this company is called picking
daisies and they're from California and
this girl Ellen and her mom and her aunt
make these napkins is it for like this
like oh you're just like they're like
just caught in everyday napkins but you
can just you can machine wash up it's so
cute and I said just like a mustaches
and you want to eat lobsters you can eat
lobsters like Zoidberg we should have
like a big fancy dinner and then just
like like like invite the most like a
prestigious be like they would come but
like give them like a mustache napkin
deer Internet I truly truly hope you
know what these are they're not
shriveled turds it's not mr. Hankey but
it's the California Raisins I keep
dropping them it'd be like hey Allie
honey go make me a sandwich oh those
California Raisins are from Tara and
these are as well 1987
Carolyn she's ten and this is her dog
boomer and her brother and she made this
painting for us and she included Zoey
it's already trying to get
she really wants it you can give her
something those lines are going bye-bye
pretty soon here yeah that was said
noise harden again on camera
so back in the day when was this
September when I first joined with the
Kings every remember reading Chauncey
and Rachel they came and they took
photos and video of it and they made
they just sent me this photos like a
photo book self our first show together
that is a really thoughtful thing guys
and you know looking down down the years
you know you know what we the Kings
becomes you know the next Aerosmith or
Rolling Stones I couldn't look back on
this and that's really thoughtful so
thank you guys know was wonderful
meeting you guys oh my god
Marley get over here it's loaded in food
come on
so boring
there you go there you go hey first open
this package I was like that's
inappropriate and we can't show this is
from Billy from Oklahoma okay Charles is
gonna have the same reaction but then
I'll show the second one you'll get it
that's awesome pretty comfortable what
is that
Gabby from Texas says oh and Marley oh
boy
you could have this pathetic a guy's a
TV keychain oh man the camera TI
keychain
where did those come from Texas I'm the
bomb that's a super cool chair and one
more thing were largest muster any large
wood you've got there sir this is for
Mike from Texas as well I started
opening it and immediately I see this so
this is specifically for you no other
dog would like this except you so funny
so he's a dream come true all the way
from New Zealand from Kim
that's my nuts for us Zoey Marley from
New Zealand Ali from New Zealand
we got don't just knock things Charles
from New Zealand got some pineapple
lumps actually sounds really good we got
some chocolate some Japeth I remember
those John and this is from the CTFxC or
to the CTFxC maybe okay
and then ah alright there's Kim and her
dog all the way from New Zealand
a y'all ready for this little girl today
since she's a dog owner she obviously
knows you can't just give one dog toy
out the hippos for you
the squeaky sandal is for you cuz you
like squeaky toys I'm just gonna start
pop what are you tired fart bombs I'm
gonna bring that on the tour bus
that's from Kim and to the back this is
from Sarah from California oh my god
and then she sends you some jewelry she
made yeah we officially have a problem
problem this is awesome I hope you got a
good great Emma she did her school
project on we the kings and CTFxC this
is so neat she's got really cool she's a
really cool stepping anyone great you
got it doesn't say a+ cuz it many plus
plus plus those on those own that don't
mean anything a plus good old exactly
just sent a five pound gummy bear is it
a bad time to tell you guys I am
officially sick of gummi bears there
could be a bomb you only mean a new
could go off and gummi bears and
cockroaches to survive goes the weasel
is that from this is from those
kangaroos it had these candies attached
to them but I guess they came off in the
mail but look dot F Tom her new favorite
cookie wondering what this is from
Deborah from Canada whoa fancy alright
and then we got some little rings oh
it's from Melissa this for my sis that's
what also - Oh Melissa ladies
well this is B with my other family and
this is Ali with her family there you go
with your family oh I remember that day
oh that's cute dude I don't I don't know
I'm saying look it I gave you this
that's cool it's worth a quarter million
dollars oh this is really nice this is
from a bunch of our friends virus from
the Tim tracker the Gen tracker Boo
Berry
putting bird and the templeman's Tammy
knitted that whole fan made handmade
that's amazing and freakin made a long
time really good scope I can see like
doing it like in one solid color but I
mean that's like a lot of patterns and I
would seriously like grab my head
against the wall so many times thank you
that's really really nice of you
it's a ghost ghost trippy be really like
not scary golden ghost at all the comfy
jealous come on Rio come out there mom
yeah shoving me out that is awesome no
brain fluids are hanging on your office
door
that is awesome she did you make that
you guys are so freaking talented Oh
all right guys that is the end of the
mail vlog I have to go back to I can i
am i I have to go back to Australia
Malaysia warped or wherever I am right
now
okay bye baby safe
