that's a lot of minutes oh good it's
going down well poop it poured rain
again now everything is soaking freaking
wet my poor girlies wanna go to the park
and I was totally gonna thank them today
and I just spit right at the camera I
hope that you guys saw that
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo did you do it
oh there it is they're all paying
respects to her falling the soldier
actually get him it's kind of
cool-looking isn't it in an artsy way so
change is the first one to go find a lot
yes I was happy jealous they're rescuing
my homey one more time out of curiosity
sometimes I can't believe you is that
it's not that old time dude tell me
thanks let me awkwardly wincing all
kidding so we just got a little curve
ball apparently Pierre is that the
doctors for his voice so we don't know
if they're driving in the rain probably
going up to Brisbane I don't know look
at this the windshield wipers are going
swish swish what is this clip I don't
know looks like Charles being dramatic
next clip is Danny sleeping on the floor
what a silly kid Oh check this out
Travis is totally drumming he looks like
he's drawn me for the hardcore but I
don't know because I can't hear the
music
looks like Jayde is chewing some gum men
staring at the camera oh my god is the
giant shark no no no no
gosh again so how'd you Shh just run
your out make sure you look really cute
when is wellies cold okay we struck out
here but you know what that just means
we're gonna find something incredible
somewhere they wouldn't burn what I'm
wearing no I want to burn your pants
because they don't listen
I never say things like that and meaning
that you look bad I mean that you could
look so hot if you work like clothes
that fit you
snapping snap it off girl that does not
sound right or good what I just said but
that's okay it is low rainbow what this
is like hanging out in the bathroom oh
that's a duck turkey happy duck have
turkey duck thing it's a living true
Duncan my grandma had these in our
backyard and they used to chase me when
I was tiny they're actually so what
you're you the sophomore University of
Wollongong wildin got waling Wollongong
Wollongong is that it wallah gong we're
trying to walk good job boy yeah rich or
walking around trying to see if it can
feel like to sneak in on a random course
like a the funniest course I think it's
like UF has been I think they have a
good zombie class or zombie prevention
class which being in Florida makes sense
now with the whole zombies and you know
the outbreak in Miami
I knew the cameras on me have you ever
seen those kids in a hall it's like kids
in a hall something you say just
want to make the Internet flinch away we
just were discussing how great it is
when our just working with a client and
some opportunity for that's what she
said Joe comes up Shan so just doing
like this you can't avoid it I know it's
kind of an old joke but it's still
really funny okay this cannot be an
attractive angle I'm so happy that she
cut it she Kelly six inches off it looks
so good I love it oh my god your hair is
gorgeous
how come I didn't get your hair yours
wait wait wait I've got a press play I
got it okay there you go what's up
you're you're in a video in a video
right now you can't hear you
Koli is in the video now how's this
how's this happening oh I'm sorry sorry
sorry yeah yeah sorry about that
sorry oh my god oh my god it's like a
horror movie it's like the ring
that serious vlog would did a vlog
action right there he had a friend it's
cooler yeah you got a corner the dog
Duggan I like your little accessory
there Rock Paper Scissors shoot
whoo rock paper scissors shoot nice to
get back there we might have to cancel
the show
so this is what really happens in the
bands on stage well as a tour manager
everyone thinks I'm hard at work busy
this is what I tell her but I'm in here
with this is what really goes on behind
the scenes
exactly
why do they not make these in my size
because I guarantee you I would wear
them every single day oh my god they're
so cute reliving being 5
new new new cuz the end the show you
know I need a like Bonnie walk this line
again you gotta walk it yeah come on you
can do it there we go there we go we're
good you're good
all right as the Duncans reveal of his
new tattoo he got that is really good
and that's your dog right all right one
more time
straight up no I'm sorry Australia will
get it by the end of the story I promise
I'll show you guys this precinct all
righty guys time to go to bed I just
want to say happy birthday to my little
sister it's today's her birthday
actually yesterday was her birthday for
us in the future
because now it's the seventh so yes sir
what it's confusing to guess but I love
you guys too see you tomorrow good night
yes
with y'all trippin
we don't forget Marley
