good morning guys
is bright and early once again having to
go search for some internet so that way
Ali and I can go take some hikes we're
going to walk the dog for a while we're
gonna take a hike
we're gonna take a hike we're going to
go walk the dogs for a little bit
getting tired and then Ali and I are
going to try to walk one of those harder
trails that aren't necessarily safe for
dogs so so my dogs are going to be
speaking sounds great
nice exhibitions RV that's the luxury of
parking at an RV park where you can slip
up and do those differences so they're
going to get nice and cool we're
probably getting it rained on and
potentially die I'm a silent Tran
community school you are also you make
me freak out that's not true guys I love
messing with her now it's so easy like
probably pretty things not like did tell
me deaths there's actually been I mean
in the grand scheme there's only been
like under a thousand
one no that is like 970 I'm just saying
that the odds are very in our favor that
it won't happen I'm sure but then again
who knows what might happen I really go
fire water fire I don't know what
happened from yesterday to today but the
Internet is not working there anymore so
Plan B
the war on the road is hypothesis yeah
where's the level of the boxes not
available everywhere or if it is
recently you think I'm telling ya don't
literally be like 6 hours and 53 minutes
I uploaded last night
thinking to be ready and they made it to
25% last night overnight I think it was
like 9 or 10 hours well this isn't
working either and now I'm panicking a
little bit alright we are now starting
our hike down the Grand Canyon not sure
how far we're going to get down but
we're going to try the dogs are chilling
in a nice AC so they're happy one thing
I've noticed out here is that my lips to
make it look here you get run out of
water and you know wonder where it went
nope I have water I have all the water
policies you have all the food but I'd
rather have the water I've noticed that
there's been I get abundance of dry
dryness so my lips have been constantly
chapped and looks like I have lipstick
on awkward' this resin if you're not
paying attention like if somebody's on
their iPhone just checking Instagram
they'll walk right off that cliff I know
we're here yesterday but it's still
still it's safely
I wonder what was like the first time
somebody saw us how far is it to the
other side come on why do Wikipedia want
you noticing I tried to look up a little
bit of stuff but no in our next movie
we're walking down to the Bright Angel
Trail right that we're all going yeah
and Angelica and ELISA right
ELISA okay so Angelica sees a leaf hat
and goes nice hat and I was like oh
thank you and then would you say you
said same one to see small world
literally small world what want to say
something your friend like you're
feeling jealous that's actually really
funny shoes at I'd check it from the
edge check not gonna lie
both threatening and Kim it's like
intimidating
that's what it is okay so wouldn't we
see a mule gotta stand aside maybe a
part of you do something okay
just hug it the whole way just going
there you got a bed Oh terrific
this is really bad I can just tell it's
helping me with the guy you know being
the shot of from behind that's what she
said
Oh God 7:3 watching the office again
Charles let's not be this guy and we
gotten very far but we've been somewhere
I would love to do the full hike one day
I know that we're not going to be able
to do obviously it was their sign back
there saying like you're going amongst
5,000 feet worth of elevation if we walk
all the way down road I'm not out of
breath
it's a 5,000 feet difference in
elevation from here down to the Colorado
River they don't highly recommend it
unless you're really prepared for it and
they say even doing that in a day is
kind of next to impossible we're
probably not going to do that today just
for the mere fact of walking up 5,000
feet is not going to be we're going to
get as far as we can today and then
maybe one day down the road we'll be
able to come back and actually do this
entire hike which I'm kind of hoping
that we'll be able to that'll be our
next trip charge
there's a bad time to have to go see
right now although it would be kind of
cool to be off this Canyon
is that legal why not both place this is
kind of cool because it's a whole new
perspective we saw this all day
yesterday but now we're starting to see
this side of it and by the way Ali's
messing with a gimbal now she's learning
it's just it's even crazy look how tiny
the trees are and those are full trees
credible I'm gonna go get all artsy
getting all artsy worried about me
falling off not worried about you you
know the craziest part about this whole
thing it's not like you know a mountain
would have like an incline or something
like that this is like straight up this
is a lot more treacherous than I thought
it would be a little bit scary this is
the easiest hike yeah look straight up
Oh Sami Ali's still worried about me
falling I think because she's still
worried about me she's almost falling
like three times it's so true I've
watched you yeah I know I know
yeah you must be mushy mushy it kind of
sucks to lose you down there red you
want to hear the positive of this
situation though you you would I was
just gonna say you get down there way
faster you get to say you went down to
the Grand Canyon once all my bones are
broken you get Cara Mia I'll put you on
a mule yeah I got a team silver c4 that
was for that was for that's so cool
the further we go down yeah shut up
it's crazy yeah go too far be careful
careful this is not time to trip there's
been so many stories I've seen people
like he can snap chats and stuff and
falling off those things we'll be
careful
almost adventurer over there squirrels
is chillin right now cooling off he was
pulling a Zoey in his laying there
Marley would have a feel
squirrel they're walking and we thought
he's gonna run away but he did school
yeah he was walking over don't worry I
was a cute little squirrel Marley I
don't think Marley would know what to do
is you break I could totally get this
thing but I think just literally would
just run and sprawl out on the clay is
that the restroom or it's pointing we're
done here is pure a heaven I feel like
you need to give him like a quarter like
he's like one of those things like on
the side of the road like statues it's
friggin loving it guys a little camera
whore we've gone a few thousand feet
down and three miles and now we're
tapping out we don't have a lot more to
get the bondages on time
wish I had like a parachute or one of
those squirrel suits I get his base jump
what everyone's ever BASE jumper thank
him you can try dive into the Grand
Canyon
because I saw but I'll take this area
we're actually uploading the songs they
have the thing where you can do tandem
skydiving and do the Grand Canyon what
are we doing we need to do the whole I
don't
I only definitely certain very fun days
during the week and face obviously
whether committing somebody's had the
bass jumped off this thing guys get on
your back give you our personal mule
i'll good bihar we going up just a
little bit he keeps like away things oh
I feel so good though the clothes are
coming off little by little that was
first next I'm just going in my
underwear he's got to really think this
if you go down an hour and a half or
three hours you're going uphill serious
I didn't really think about do it run
the whole way up
yeah you did that for both of us
this is probably one of those things
where people are watching the vlog and
being like I'm glad I'm watching you
guys do that and not doing it instead of
like washing blog and really oh I
totally want to do this is one of those
ones won't let us do the yard work for
you and you guys get to see the scenery
holy Sh I wish the camera even closely
shows how cool that is
and we're done you know I can go for
right now a big glass of milk and I'll
Fredo sauce isn't at the office Ricardo
foots without for a sec
behold the sweat learn I answer my
ground you think it's different fans
there's a front very nice turn turn turn
woo even with the brown fish to the
backpack mm-hmm we did our hike today
through our site right we wanna open so
we're actually going through this place
that's called what the bedrock it's
called the bedrock Flintstones bedrock
RV park and that's what we're going to
go I wanted to do it before coming to
Grand Canyon but I decided that you know
why would we do that because we really
really really stupid I don't think it's
going to be stupid I think it's going to
be different because if you guys know
Flintstone
and you know how that old setup is I'm
hoping it can be almost identical to
that I really really need grace helbig
she went there and she told me that the
painting the paint on the eldest stuff
hasn't been repainted since the
seventies
she said the expect the cheesiness of it
so we're here might as well do it I'm so
crazy orange right now right after we
are using today us announce guidance
where you are method orange kind of cool
go get the cool model you do it it's
really up here it's the entrance of the
rock you leave a like a lot where are we
they got his waterproof family I didn't
need your shoes I do now
you
Zoe
 the do it around this is
the stuff I'm talking about guys you
know anymore tourist trap talented
exactly the kind of stuff I would find
every third day I just got a great idea
Molly what good their ears like that
which is better mama
Preble Gambian DVD no no I got like a
weird vibe really it is kind of strange
I gotta admit that it's although I gotta
say it kind of sucks that it's closing
it is weird
that's what we they somebody came today
yeah I don't know if it's closing I
think that's what she said they're going
to close the entire account I get maybe
they should turn into like an avatar
world or contributing to the galaxy and
here those do well so tonight we're
going to try something different we're
just going to grill some pizza and just
call it a night because tomorrow we have
a six hour drive to Zion Zion National
for so we have to go to bed really early
because I have to wake up at like 3:00
or 4:00 in the morning to go to
McDonald's to upload this video please
don't forget to subscribe and thumbs up
the video for me going to McDonald's
before I am to upload this video for you
guys the video there we go
drillmaster out there alright we'll see
you guys tomorrow
have a good night bye
