mmm-hmm healthy lunch baby that's some
sauteed broccoli and some garlic toast
and he'll to the no it is not for you I
think you just a scavenger you just look
for stuff on the floor every time I cook
you just look for what I drop little
Hoover hi
it's a head did it do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do
alright so we're at hey presto in Sydney
Australia and this is Bruce and he's
just trying to trick us with this
sorcery can you if I have to put your
initials on the back of that coin for me
sure I like you to drool a strong man
alright
muddle it on you yeah yeah just man
yeah dude detail right there yeah we've
got a not going just and the right here
this morning that's pretty that's pretty
strong man all right right that expected
a strong man that's that's a very good
yeah okay head like that like a like a
coin purse with a gas to the gap that
that told me I dropped the coins in and
closed the purse okay now just hold it
very still don't move would you tell me
in Philly heat very gently just put the
coins down here
this is testament to his drawing skills
this strong man has actually bent the
coin what is an issue on wow that is
awesome
that is crazy I so come to hey presto
and Sydney until we the king sent him
did you do that he did it
why don't you try something out because
those are user friendly okay oh yeah I
get this wrong you can guide boo I don't
care because no one else b forget right
they're crazy okay yeah so anything but
no pants don't spray just the faces of
the card just the face of the card okay
King King yeah okay you have your that
we tied you why I think we're good
just brittle black how this is gonna let
me goes black black you happy that you
were gonna change your mind you want to
stick with white pretty stupid black
he's pretty state with puzzles but
instead this is your final chance to
change your mind
stick the King of Spades okay I want to
show you something your festival
okay there is no more King of Spades
anywhere down here is that true that's
true
100% true 100% true if you had chosen
the six of Spades guess what would
happen now you could have gone boom
Thank You judges the age of space you
can boo picking the two of hearts
boom effect before this morning for you
two guys are you gonna come in for four
because our moderator I write back every
single card even Freesat go boo boo boo
boo boo but well actually I tell a
little lie there is one card on it could
you turn out that cabinet place now I'm
going to sit through the cards okay like
so with my thumbs
all you have to do is say stop all right
I will take the top half of the deck
pull it off alright you will take the
top card all right and I will guess it
going for the end to go over the end
stop
alright Wow alright
Carson Charles I'm allowed to tell you
no I'll tell you is the King of Spades
no it was the King of Hearts hey presto
here for a long time in between
soundcheck that's pretty good
sorcery that was really going on wow
those lizards are bangin lizards X yeah
you're not gonna sit here and sing the
entire One Direction song and then tell
me I can't film it my mom knows every
forget a word to the sign and I don't
know if I should laugh or punch her in
the face mom
sad day for the speed trippy family
ominous clouds over the Skyway it
doesn't feel like climbing like a roller
coaster
nope it looks yeah it looks like you're
gonna drive off
Gary are you going it's probably super
windy awesome view just ignore the wind
yeah right we don't need to be on the
arch going straight up like that looking
straight down like that that just gives
me a complete vertigo right now I don't
think I could actually do the climb up
there you can actually go up here this
is what I was talking about that climb
up there when we're up on the bridge we
saw a lot of people putting like locks
and stuff like that so we came over to
lock SEC the lock section and we're
trying to find one so we can like leave
it up there you guys yeah he talked me
into the big one alright so I found a
guy who can engrave it within the next
hour and I just realized that we were
walking back that I put the wrong date
I put may 5th 2012 like an Indian
internet remind me a day later that I
need me tried Vegemite cuz I've been
reading all the comments that's what you
guys only have a week everyone try to do
formal as I remember about Vegemite is
that it just tastes like a food Booker
just like a disgusting food Booker
oh my god
I think today's video should be called
my mom is obnoxious
I also obnoxious because I learned from
the best oh my god the rug needs put the
wipe your feet on okay I think I have a
like three foot wall of dresses that I'm
gonna try on so let's do this I'm gonna
try them all on I'm gonna show you guys
all of them hopefully I'll find a great
dress for VidCon I'm so sad that Betsey
Johnson's closing because I love this
place
who's having fun
like founders or you look like
it's starting to rain as you can see I'm
not gonna let this stop I'm still doing
this I'm still gonna put the lock of
love the CTFxC lock of love on this
bridge there we go now we just gotta go
put it on the freaking bridge huh you
know I just realized how windy it was
earlier I guarantee I'm gonna get up
here with this thing and it's just gonna
blow either completely apart or I'm
gonna lose it over the bridge if you
guys ever come to Sydney Australia you
find this walk and you take a photo of
it and you send it to me on Twitter just
gotta find the perfect place CTFxC was
that june 5th is that the date I don't
remember the date June 5th 2012 I'll put
the exact like or roughly the GPS
locations and the Google location in the
video description below I'll let you
guys do it
okay what do you think so cute
I can't
around me see the front yeah
turn around our patriotic like that
super nice okay here's all the carnage I
think I've got dresses for the next few
events oh that's good I'm so happy right
now this is amazing I got all this brain
stuff like a great shoes I got a lovely
birthday present for me oh did you guys
know that tomorrow is Melissa's birthday
well today actually go on Twitter and
wish her a very happy birthday
I'm choking on my own spit and talk you
guys never do that really swallow your
own saliva like through the windpipe
over here oh and campus shoes so worth
it
leave issues is out what if my shoes are
you got the balls
well I think that's the first time a
soda can has ever asked if I have balls
Ziya mom alright guys I'm off to bed
today was quite the fun day it was like
a little girl every little girls dream
to be able to go into their favorite
store and everything is on sale I don't
know it seems kind of stupid I bet guys
you're probably like oh this is dumb but
it's like you know it would be like it
would be like if you found out that
Microsoft was going out of business and
you weren't gonna be able to get any of
your favorite games that's not probably
at all what it's like but that's the
best analogy I could come up with
something that you care about that's
gonna go away probably gonna be in
trouble with Charles alright guys well I
hope you enjoyed the video as always
we'll see you tomorrow hope you guys
have a good night
oh wait
merci psst
get it with y'all trippin
with Gianelli don't forget
