Oh how did you hear me quit being a dog
and having their senses and stuff just
having lunch with a bear alright so we
just got to Bondi Beach and it is
gorgeous
really it's something you would do Yoshi
just stack me two boxes like that
alright so we're heading to Bondi ink
cuz trav and uh just just a guess maybe
Duncan might get some more tattoos
there's no playing about dog just saying
Duncan Bay I don't know I don't know if
Duncan likes tattoos or not
that background is just awesome right
behind you so are you ready
it's almost your favorite part of the
day mom can't you see him drinking here
animist back in the house
this is always favorite part of the day
excuse me sir yeah you have something in
your let me get now get it for you there
there we go
no it's not coming out this is where a
ladies be trying to stare oh hello bird
oh my god there's so many of them what
are you getting we're getting I don't
knuckles yeah this is it this hand
progressively over tor we'll see less
and less of Duncan a week one two oh
look at that beautiful scenery
excuse me sir you can't be here sir
sir I think it's like with ribs you
can't eat it there's like no way you can
eat a rib all right so I'm waiting right
now okay here you go
let me just help you right there what a
prisoner for no right so we're here at
Bondi ink in Duncan's getting done
Travis is finishing this and he's
getting done and I'm gonna talk to him
about finishing or starting my little
space theme that I was talking about so
we're just waiting for that
this is what's happening those it's a
spa day for you she's like me doing to
you dog nose so I just got done with my
little consultation I was talking to the
guy he's really bummed cuz it's gonna
take more than two or three days for
what I want to do and he's like the
entire time is that can you just stay
can you just stay somehow you really
like the design but so I can't get it
now maybe I'm warped or something like
that so I decided to take a nice little
stroll
I was gorgeous look at this nobody's
even here Australia I was the furthest
north
was it Finland now I'm the furthest
south it's cool
it was awesome
now you don't get these waves in Florida
that's for sure
with some hardcore waves I'll see this
guy gets it
looks so fun hope that carries a good
view
as bad Aston and look at this oh yes
here we go with my unhealthy treat of
the day I don't know if you guys have
ever had
chef Boyles trip trip Voyles I don't
even know how you say it but the
shortbread Girl Scout cookies we had a
package saved and if you take vanilla
frosting and put it on them balls
throughout the corner right around the
corner ready to go see men in black 3
this Duncan Yoshi Duncan yeah oh yeah
yeah how many times do you think this is
going to happen with a little Smith guys
are gonna get it into character right oh
hell no that's dead-on this dinner that
was dead-on three times three times in
the movie please please three so
apparently they only have this gold
clasp thing it'll cost forty to fifty
dollars she met him black in our luxury
chance way too much money
that's cool
it's like a train of sushi oh my god
that's so creepy
I just walked by and I just got creeped
aha watches gonna come alive and now
it's going to play collected about
mannequin the light back here mannequin
I guess everything is in 3d
Yoshi hold on I think you're in 3d so
Yoshi what did you think
cute it's cute it was very it was very
cute see I just towards the beginning of
the front or the beginning it what does
that even mean towards the start of the
movie there's a bad guy in it
it's Jermaine I got Jermaine Lamont or
something like that from Flight of the
Conchords he's the bad guy in it it's
pretty awesome yeah I've just kind of
had all that kind of relaxing walking
around Sydney
kind of crazy like this is one of the
only cities that I've walked around
everywhere even like everything like a
little you know the dark alleys of stuff
and I feel completely safe here I don't
know if it's a really high crime rate
city but it feels incredibly safe really
pretty city it's relaxing the weather is
like good almost like 50 degrees is like
perfectly like hoodie weather and
everything the best part is like every
time we get in the cab and things like
that they're like oh you should be here
for summer winter is terrible it's
gorgeous here
I think the winter is quite then we went
favorite part even though I haven't been
here in the summer history to come back
alright the Travis finished product
alright see if we can do that oh if you
could yeah if you could turn 3d that is
feels like it's coming out at your hat
keep going through sixty really good
there we go done well it's time to go to
bed Sydney today was pretty much our
much-needed day off where we can kind of
catch up on sleep it just kind of like
overall relaxed and tomorrow actually we
got an email
we might fingers crossed I really hope
we'll be able to go to like a big cat
like a habitat like a private habitat we
just got an email about it hopefully we
can do that tomorrow so I'm really
really like fingers crossed and then
we're also trying to do brisbane like
the zoo there so we can make maybe a
whole wall on you know grace I can't
guru and all that fun stuff so I'm gonna
actually go to bed um I know my room
it's this time I'm not gonna go into the
wrong room it's not on this floor I
don't know how I got on this floor
actually I'll see you guys tomorrow as
usual good night and uh yeah wait I
wonder it's curious
nothing yeah all right I'll see you guys
mom good night
waiter
psst
giddy with child tripping
with trip in early
