good hello Internet where are we really
we are going to Sea World or Disney or
universal we're not we haven't decided
yet but we are going to go and do
something amazing and we're taking you
with us let's do it is driving us at
Disney and it's gonna be a friggin
amazing day we are going to what I know
is I'm Jam but is apparently Hollywood
studios now which still confuses me I'm
gonna be set in my ways I'm like one of
those people who's like 80 years old it
was like back of my day we called it
this that's totally what I'm like right
now I was I was about to gonna start
walking around for a little bit maybe go
see the Opera House during the day I saw
something and then maybe it inspires me
to make a desktop and look at this uh
creepy death stuff okay now it's time to
go outside here we go again run away to
Melbourne for a little show but you got
that here I haven't taken it off in one
whole day my shirt
the Crocodile Dundee had a technique to
blow one of these you just heard that
you do it now I think it's the other way
why am I going on this right now why I
can't say no I have to do it but I'm
terrified
this is Elena's first time a lot of
charges I scream so
in that our killer that's right little
girl
it is Star Wars Weekends right now at
Disney and Hollywood Studios everyone is
when something like Star Wars I've seen
so many little ayahs there was a girl
man r2d2 dress like it's just incredible
and I'm so jealous of everybody I feel
like I'm on like a twenty eight eight
kilobytes per second modem nerd but you
reading there best weekend ever trying
to find out where he goes to publisher
the penis that is an awesome show we
shot where you actually see where they
got on a skateboard yes they've also got
like a sail and they take a fan talk
about so confidently I'm so confused
do-do-do-do-do its Venkman Hey
just in case you guys have no idea how
to wash your hand that's how you do it
dude
that is young Anakin from episode 4
that's him that's amazing
could you imagine if that thing was
shooting laser beams at you that's like
a nightmare
but yo he's just messing with everyone
trying to take pictures that is fun
honey I track your kids Elena it's like
your childhood come to life
it's so great this is just the coolest
thing look than the fly that does the
film a film canister oh my god so many
memories here as a kid yeah I want to go
inside I'm going on the slide right now
because I want to be a child again this
is really steep
hi
you in that damn shark are you doing
wife in a towel you're saying you're
picking a blanket
that was for you Charles I love you baby
and I love your Swedish accent that is a
crazy outfit more awesome characters
this is so cool
we'll get these girls panicking they're
panicking
don't ladies the bigger picture the
Kurdistan is so scared oh my god that's
just hard he doesn't want to go over
there
oh my god bounty hunt for Jabba the Hutt
to finance my vet I chill in deep space
my mask is over my face you've never
heard MC pee pants I'm just totally
photobombing before right now
she's working right now with these two
sperm troopers taking pictures this is
really cool she watches the videos your
name that's amazing
alright guys so I just got arrested by a
stormtrooper and a bunch of people that
was ridiculous this is crazy
I'm nerding out right now everything
Star Wars like this is amazing you guys
I gotta say this has been one of the
greatest experiences as a Star Wars fan
that I can imagine happening ever I mean
there are stormtroopers people from
their Clone Wars there's clone troopers
Darth Vader you got San people you got
Darth Maul in there just they are just
wrecking people today they are just
messing with everyone that comes to talk
to them to take pictures it is so funny
it's so great it's like they're having a
good time everyone here is getting a
great fan experience I like honestly
it's amazing this has been such a fun
day I can sit here and watch this all
day all right doctor just picked up a
Sears look at that perfect
if it doesn't again commercial oh we
were just thinking about the most
populated countries that was it half of
the six of the countries right so right
now right six countries you think have
half the world's population we're
playing it right now USA China Russia
India India's big yeah very time so on
you okay
India USA China Russia I don't know
Russia's big but like I know it's like
barren but there's yeah yeah Mexico I
think that's my curveball no six
countries and the six countries are
China yes
India okay the states Indonesia Oh
Brazil yeah and Pakistan Wow patterns
officially the heaviest sleeper in the
world
I'll see you guys later good night
Melbourne and I think we're actually
gonna hit up a zoo in the next couple
days
hopefully I actually get the hold like a
koala maybe race a kangaroo and maybe
punch a gator I will see you guys later
good night honey make sure Zoey Marley
get extra treats tonight
I killed
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
we're Cynthia
with Gianelli don't forget Zoey
