all right peoples I just finished
editing and I'm exporting the video
right now and I woke up early to get
everything done and go outside and
probably go to the beach or whatever
doesn't really look or sound like that's
going to be happening it is pouring down
rain and it has been for the last like
five hours oh boy come courting why
hello there Sydney why hello there is
goli he's writing some more music just
wanted to go up on the roof right now
look at this they're growing grass on
there it's a really cool idea actually I
just went to the gym and I think Danny
had thought before a couple of
interviews so he had to hide the card
key and it's up here
tell me if it's up there okay No
all right if four left elevator down for
the stairs across the hall from there's
a green side my little man I thought
well okay okay Danny thank God just
walked into the wrong room
my back course is flooding my pool is
just flying mama let's go get your
raincoat on come on
it has literally been raining since 9:00
a.m. or earlier and it's just crazy so
we're gonna get her little raincoat on
so that she can go peepee okay you look
ready are you ready let's do it oh my
gosh boiled goose
focus I don't want to miss this listen
that bird I'm gonna go see it I want to
go film it what are you Bert
that said
and it looks just like a crow still or I
think it's been ridiculous for how nine
months
okay
I have no idea what's going on there
vomiting turtle wait they're all
vomiting Oh John I think I'm gonna be
sick
me too Larry they're obviously shooting
something here that is by far the
coolest Hospital I've ever seen in my
life
you know what I just realized that the
Opera House reminds me of like last
night I couldn't put my finger on it and
now I can see it during the day
reminds me of Bowser's turtle shell
seriously tell me that doesn't look like
Bowser's turtle shell
I know bird
what are you you know what that or the
spiky turtle shell from Mario Kart for
the first time all day today these girls
Boop whoa hello dick control the camera
these girls are finally able to go
outside they have just been cooped up
inside it's been pouring we got so much
rain so if they finally are able to run
around poor dogs have literally been
holding their poo ran outside and just
pooped everywhere good times and I know
you guys really needed to know that
that's why I told you this is when you
guys need smell-o-vision this gardenia
smells so amazing come on guys invent
smell-o-vision so I'm just sitting here
staring at you know that was his turtle
show and it just it just dawned on me
just hit me that I am completely you
know like on the other side of the
planet right now it's incredible it's
like I'm literally staring at something
that I've seen on Travel Channel like in
movies and things like that and I
honestly never thought I would ever be
here it goes to show like was hard hard
work persistence consistency and the
most amazing viewers in the world pretty
much anything is possible it's awesome
and I just want to say thank you guys
from the bottom of my heart myself and
for Ally and I really wish I could be
here you know what we have to come back
that's the bottom line is we'd have to
come back Elliott they listened to this
whole rant so hopefully how it just make
me sound super super smart well anyway I
better get back because uh we have a
show to do and I have about an hour left
45 minute walk
I wasn't really supposed to walk out
here but then next time we're gonna play
this baby but one last thing I forgot to
say is that I am completely amazed that
this little project that once started as
just like to see what happens with just
film ourselves for a year every single
day has turned into what it has in the
past four years and I for one am
incredibly excited for the neck
years four five or six for a tea
all right hundreds make me try oh dude
it smells so good this is passion for it
I've never had it before this is what it
looks like
that's unbelievable unbelievable that's
why it's called passion you're right I'm
so proud right now Coley I'm so proud of
you
well okay cock Kohli loggin look at all
the pretty flowers every single time I'd
see these blue orchids it freaks me out
they're like so it's good some plants
dad all right
side-by-side taste test my dad and I
were running some errands he was helping
me with some stuff that I needed and we
decided to just stop and get Frosty's
and we're walking up to my mom's house
to get everything inside there were like
six giant frogs like the size of my palm
on the front door I was trying to shoo
them away so I could get in the house no
joke a frog jumps off the door it landed
on my face it was right here on my face
and I just go I just wiped it off I
don't want to hurt it but it scared the
crap out of me okay these are a happy
graduation tequila shots for Logan are
you doing this right now I'm happy
graduation
everybody graduated today cheers and
congratulations all right guys finally
home and I'm gonna finish up some
editing so that tomorrow
Billy and I can make a trip to SeaWorld
I'm hoping that we can do it weather
permitting
we're gonna go to SeaWorld and have a
blast
do this alright let's get real
and then on the count of three it's
gonna get rowdy
for those of you who said I shouldn't
talk too much I'll write broken arms
yeah announce an applicant Brewster
cracked rib the Charles tell you all
right Danny what's the prognosis
Danny's got worms in antibiotic this was
taken a specific
how many Cheerios you think you're gonna
actually go in my mouth right now
right in the comments I'm gonna say
three only three
so good
yeah good racha racha get the proper way
to play catch indoors so you don't break
I love you honey and I hope you're
having a blast in Australia make sure
you hold a koala good night guys wait
how do I stop the video there this okay
so you guys well
yes
giddy with trippy
we're safety
with Dirty Harry don't forget to eat
more
