alright guys I know you hate this it's
the dreaded nail clipping time but it
must be done it must be done
oh you don't mind it George hi Carol
she's got a Danny can you do it oh no
you can - I don't even know if I you
actually I don't want to do this well
now we won't now we won't forget you you
have one oh did I mention today shows
outside dramatic so now it's kind of
interesting
such a rebel really you're eating a
burrito a giant burrito you know I'm
just getting off and stuff here you know
still raining I just now realized we're
next to the needle and the Twin Towers
we've been here what almost a day now
really rich people we're forming a
reputation oh thank you so much oh yeah
because they're eggs it's just a video
no English presidency that looks smart
yeah Wranglers proposal smarter front
the more I look at him the kind of work
I do
alright rick gastly Travis is getting an
eye test right now for a lot of money
doesn't you bet he's preparing himself
cuz I guess in his family he has a
degenerative eye disorder is that
something to those we have the where no
it's not very you want my job okay your
pupil is so dilated is that the back of
your eye what is that that's so cool you
ctan
that's not candid she's giving us fanny
vision right now she's gonna make them
oh wait this is what Danny sees without
contacts right no way no way this is
what he sees you you oh my god there's
Danny vision wow this is what I look
like without my contacts in you gotta
help me I'm attempting to thwart a
migraine this sucks this is no bueno
guys I really thought taking magnesium
was gonna help me with all this stuff
but I guess I have some kind of like
trigger that I'm unaware of like a food
or a stressor or something if she barks
loud enough oh she's gonna get the bird
I love herons those things are awesome
they're so tall trying some authentic
Malaysian food
ain't a team this is my team different
amplify the way I wanted to go give some
like some rice it was like vegetarian
right sounds like yes vegetarian rice as
what the goose we're going to talk about
the nineties version of Canada x-men how
do you guys remember the Saturday Mike
cartoon and her favorite was gambit
roars and Danny like Cyclops by was
Colossus
no but nobody likes Cyclops he was such
a whiny baby but he was he turned good
Nightcrawler was bad too
do the Charlie Brown
yo yo che it's like 95 degrees right now
Internet yes Matt of course the second
the camera comes on I screw up put the
picture that I was trying to do with
your dad no mo show me what you're
working with just say yeah yeah yeah so
exciting I know it's so exciting
hello mama Jesse I'm so glad that came
in the day center we would have not been
happy yes it is here she is doing her
very own vlogs and is what is your
channel this age to us or is it Jesse
because that's your Twitter right Oh
Jesse and Luke okay
yeah you can look up Jesse sage right I
think that works too if you go to that
URL she's blogging we're going back to
the beach I'm bruised and battered but
I'm excited to try to catch we watch
Point Break let's be there - the robbery
part cattle a snake go faster that's a
very slow go faster beach assessment
number two number 215 95 degrees out the
schools like really I think
the Sun setting that's right in the
night is upon us
was that dramatic and scary good the
camera just does not justify cuz like
it's skyscrapers it's always you know
lights everywhere this thing is
literally glowing as you can see it well
I guess you guys can kind of see but
it's glowing
mr. potato
those cool see we play responsible we
clean up if you pick the best you always
clean up I'm gonna try out the old
skimboard
in the water but it's really hard to
film on the water so choppy it's just
like it's just so you know I've always
wanted to do but I've always been kind
of afraid so I'm giving it a shot all
right
hello normal camera I'm just watching
Jessie out there the audio is much
better on this one so I decided to
switch see if I can get her she is
waiting for the perfect wave it is so
choppy go Jessie go go go Jessie go
nothing's good enough ran it in man
relatively normal spot to a really not a
normal spot to a are you kidding me
right now
you are so ridiculous I can't even
describe it to these people who know
that you're ridiculous already but I
feel like they don't know just how
ridiculous you actually are are you
following asleep as I'm talking to you
am I really that boring don't avoid the
subject
oh my god we get sold over I'm actually
gonna get a car no don't and Duncan has
our passport and I haven't seen shoes oh
boy I have no idea what just happened
going home and now now we're walking
that I don't know what's happening
tonight none of us has drank it blob I
feel like I have that I hope you just
want to get this in me Austria today has
been an insane day we didn't get to play
as long as we did
usually um a lot of bad things happened
you know it was sound getting our mix
getting deleted and yada yada yada I
getting pulled over by a cop Wow that's
all you have to say about that situation
literally we were pulled over right in
front of the American Embassy and right
in front of our hotel now we're off to
Australia I am so pumped for Australia
so pumped you know what secret phrase
for today is just wow
I'm gonna go to bed I'll see you guys
tomorrow good night
merci psst
giddy with child trippy
we're safety
with to be an ally
