good hello everyone I am renting a movie
baby what should we get I think my new
thing is starting blogs and blogs and
elevators okay open so we start today
open so we can start today over there we
go
day one of the Philippines we are in
Manila the home of the manila envelope
Wow okay so you know being on the plane
for so long your legs kind of get all
like cramped up feel like going to the
gym I'll help this is a nice gym look
it's even got a boxing ring and
everything
you know so I can like made a pact Wow
pack a while thank you out everyone else
I'm really bad at me crazy holiday just
across the street wait look at this
alright look at this guy see him yet
just chillin on the side of the
skyscraper just in my window
looks so fancy look at that got two
rings to actually quote are so dirty it
so awful you know what I think I just
took a confusing experience for me and
turned it into a confusing experience
for them because they have no idea what
I'm just recording all of that it
actually does work oh that's crazy but
you know what mistake number one I have
no idea what the name of that product
was they didn't they never told me the
name welcome to the mi'kmaq store here's
your seat this doesn't a good idea I
know it seems like a really dumb idea
immediately I've actually never been in
the ring let me see if I can do this
I've never been in one of these
I feel like there's really no cool way
to even like wrestlers or boxers to get
like through the the ring is all the
trolls is going on after all the trolls
just got knocked out after a rigorous
boxing event and you know working at the
gym what do you want what is the one
thing that you want to eat after going
to the gym a hard-boiled egg of course
definitely sitting right there that's so
funny
anyone want any fried fish dang it I'm
really late but I want to show you guys
our I've seen our scenery
there's our window I think that's
Lindsay Lohan right at that and we paint
over it and I don't know that smog or
it's gonna rain but yeah all right now
we got to go to the show so we're doing
like an interview good press thing and
let's watch show yourself if I see
something do you see it do you see it
take Travis how's it going oh not too
bad dude just sitting here looking at
the room window what are you looking at
freaking filming me right now is weird
you see him no yeah he looks really
handsome really cuz I thought it was
pretty short and ugly looking no he's
hit more handsome than David Beckham are
you sure I wonder which one of us who
thinks we're going shopping that we got
go ahead we see yours
wait this blackness my test test penis
one two three SS penis there's nothing
on the mic mics not working
we're all hanging out down here and
Billy has never been to snakes he's
never been in my parents house and it's
like music central so we're nerding out
every day it's so funny like did you get
like all the stuff on you man fix it no
I bought this brand new three years ago
oh yeah
original hipster yeah
the move would you say 81 this device is
older than I am and probably most of you
nerdy yeah there you go do this thing up
here do this what is that I didn't
either and I'm like a geek for this
cobblestone oh my music oh can you tur
it's a MIDI recorder did I what the hell
they actually know how to use that it's
your dad does look what he built he
built drum pads those drum pads dad dad
says dogs are gonna be well fed we have
responsible driving happening thanks for
watching the puppies and you have better
beef wasted when I get home because
we're doing drinking tonight that's
actually funny Billy was like that's a
really interesting thing to have as like
a task be drunk
clean your room before I get back you
better be five years deep by the time I
get home get on it buddy okay
high five wait this is too pretty I
don't want to destroy it just
all these flowers everywhere we have no
idea what this is when were you eat it
eat it baby bird it's so close they're
different chocolate in my real hope I
think you have to do it more it means
maybe maybe five times yeah yeah I think
I think that's good
what are you doing in bed it's only 2
p.m. I have an idea they're able to kick
the Sun to you ok ready alright it's
coming to you now
to your left if I see when I can see
they're just looking through right now I
can't see anything
this is how humid it is
all right so this is this jewel and
she's going to be singing will be a
dream tonight yeah - practicing right
I'm in practice right now Travis this is
Jules Lovato for tonight
wait look we have extra camera guys
today you're gonna be breathing down
your neck all night
camera this is what I was just doing -
uh Charles of serenading him staring -
basically we have to get as close as
possible this is really cool so you know
I used to go to concerts all the time
you have to have hard rock you know
House of news and things like that and
never played once the first time even
you know almost being and we're the
Kings for nine months now haven't played
one yet and Jon Bon Jovi's guitar so
we're playing one in Philippines and
look at it's okay Luis you look right
there it's the Allman Brothers guitar
right there so it's actually kind of
cool that oh yeah I have a camera
following me everywhere
let's see if we can lose them I don't
know if we can he's pretty good February
yesterday's vlog we're showing you a
little bit of funny cartoons this is the
girl did it okay
I look like a Roger Roger Klotz I'm a
boy is it Doug and Roger
Doug and Roger it is see like I'm eating
greens there's been a bunch of nice
people
vanilla bear for Zoey Marley a beanie a
shirt I like it kids
all right today's comments I just want
you to give it up JJ Bryan Duncan and
Yoshi because they dealt with the most
slappy situation all day all day yeah
like seriously he's been stuck remember
the Argentina situation where we're
going to get our gear it happened again
give it up for them in the comments
you gotta give it up you're a purple
pencil earring let me see yours this is
the most fun rayon-based party club
and you're right
yeah okay since Charles always talks
about bathrooms I want to take the
opportunity now to talk about bathrooms
what do you think really awesome don't
you psyched on this because it's so
Technic that's one that doesn't get
flushed by actually touching it you
there's even a sign it's a wave your
hand over go
alright so that was by far the crazy
show I've played so far every time I
would go up in front of the crowd they
catch you they kept beating my eggs my
advice string so I'd be like hey that
like true in my ear as I'm playing yeah
that was that was a fun show so I walked
outside and
goodnight there's a stoke of using the
crap out of me that's a good Scott
that's the secret phrase Great Scott I
gotta go to bed guys and we'll see you
at the airport bye
it's the other BRZ wait
worse yet sexy
with children
yeah
with DNR we don't forget so anymore
