ah just trying to pick a thumbnail
trying to decide I'm just gonna get some
little inspiration for my YouTube
playing Diablo d3 I can't start because
you know what I won't stop someone asked
me the same thing about Minecraft I was
like no way dude because if I start
playing I will never let go here we go
you guys saw the conversation have
we're just before yesterday
and I just want to show you something
real just watch it's a conversation
rights what started in right
let me go up
than that right and then go choke like
two minutes late
a stealing the cookies
if you look at it really quick what TV
show from the 90s like cartoon does this
remind you of I can't
like Sears now
quite a bit a monster home baby up okay
well they don't want to be on there
anymore I guess the end of that oh boy
so as I was finishing uploading and
annotating yesterday's video I decided
to go back to day one of our vlogs and
watch and oh my god we were terrible I
don't know I guess I'm not that great at
it now but I definitely have gotten
better at addressing the camera oh my
gosh I couldn't even believe the way
that we just everything like the shaking
and wow my god it was terrible the cross
dissolves so I think that's definitely a
good that's a good story for you guys
for those of you who are out there
trying to start your very own vlogs
hello you can totally do this thing like
just stay just work at it just stay
confident and just keep trying we came
from that we totally sucked and I think
you know we're not like that great but
we're definitely like much better than
what we used to be so you can definitely
make it happen for yourself if you work
hard enough and I don't know if you guys
have noticed but I just walked around my
entire pool
they finally the Kings on Duncan
oh she's right there damage that
with Kohli
anyone find Kohli anyone just point
where they call him here playing a
roping
basically walk around the plane and had
coins and mashed race
so you want to go to the park you want
to go to the work swings always just one
person
hey you came out of nowhere
do you want to go to the park could you
say the p-word okay I think we're going
to kick my dad's probably know how to
spell that
absolutely always oh he's out the window
this is me recording some audio over
Zoe's head out the window because it was
too windy just got to Tokyo oh wait wait
what to--let's from around the world
really I wouldn't have no idea how to
even use that thing I woke her up what
time is it
it's four am i think that's by far the
biggest airplane I've ever been on a
double-decker it's such a bummer like
I'm in Tokyo Japan right now but I like
Airport so I can't really go anywhere
what does that sign say it probably just
means trash thanks Charles it's trash
shut up alright Tokyo time to get on a
plane go to Manila
I'll give you three guesses what that is
Danny always gets picked for extra
screening so this is kind of funny I
just brought a frisbee to the dog park
and look what the frisbee says regular
frisbee nothing special just the average
Joe Zoey the extent of your park
enjoyment should not just be peeing on
things
sorry guys here's another clip where the
wind was a little bit too high to use
original audio so please now enjoy my
dog Marley doing some lovely arabesques
arabesque and arabesque and after about
20 minutes for calling it quits I think
it's just a little too warm out today
for for these girls to really kick it we
rarely see your tongue little one
goodness it must be hot we just landed
in Manila
it's like 11:00 p.m. we started flying
yesterday at 2:00 p.m. so we're over
2425 we skipped Saturday we skipped
Saturday Sunday more had all of Sunday
pretty much we just got here we're
trying to figure out wait there's Cole I
think it's totally waving right there
we literally I think time traveled to
Tokyo but now we lost time I don't even
know it's
well zombies should I ask where you got
that I like it I don't think we not I
read I count - I got to - okay 1 2 1 2 1
2 1 2 1
we're good we're good it's my turn now
guys going oh no you actually got your
tongue in there you want something
either got the gummy no cover cover
cover cover Guffey get him I just stared
out oh god I'm gonna get run over
oh my god you guys are crazy
Gil come on
oh my god you just fell over did you see
that guys are so rough with each other
this is a caterpillar turning into a
butterfly looking for his cell phone
but the cellphone was in your back
pocket the whole time but you have no
thumbs you find yourself on first of all
you receive and then she won the lotto
but you have to hurry up because there's
a 18-wheeler coming right at you we're
gonna suck the guy who's trying to get
us out can't come in we can't go out to
get him so it's kind of like this like
catch-22
we decided I was like terminal you know
Koko Jie and all that stuff so we're
just kind of trying to kill we're doing
acting classes that's what we're doing
out and Charles and Danny went to
baseball sluggers from the 90s we did
really well didn't take any steroids
they were they were good clean-cut guys
they're trying to get into the park here
in Philippines
we're just come from us baby right now
it's midnight and it is I don't even
know I it's so hard
and to put this all in perspective it's
it's almost 1:00 a.m. right now this is
how much traffic you're hot there hunter
grab your life maybe she's getting crazy
Brian no one needs a hoodie or anything
like that
what what is this what women proposing
to my husband what is happening and
voice to what is happening men and women
you've you bad bad men and women husband
that's funny good that's a new feature
and I'd have not seen that before
all right guys we're going from Meet the
Fockers to normal activity three I'm
terrified it's gonna be awesome
I know baby it's a safe hotel
first hotel I've ever had to go through
the metal detector man again defeated
they're going couldn't no but I can't
open this there's so much air I feel
like it's just gonna pop it's just I'll
miss your man yeah cuz you loosened it
out alright guys this is the fancy
schmancy room oh don't mind him though
just don't mind him right there he's he
we actually thought we all had it like
individual rooms so Danny's up here just
enjoying his time I come in here just
like look at each other like so we don't
have individual rooms it's time to go to
bed I too am here 1:30 a.m. so it's like
literally a lot of it exact opposite
side of the world so it was like 12 hour
difference Jay's episode sponsored by
YouTube I'm gonna go to bed love you too
what
worse
with trippy
we're
would be an ally don't forget to eat
more
