yeah good morning guys the cap is just a
giant as a giant reindeer walking
through
Donald country with the God and my level
startled and it will go there I had to
totally Kalia they're cool and they just
walks away done Ranger is it Ranger that
dumb question I know a lot of you please
get back before just nomnomnom annoying
that is the cool thing I think I've seen
so far JavaScript especially in the
campground do there we just hanging out
in the campground
hey welcome very lovely the look on my
face I would say sure when we could go
slight like ghost like various classes
but Douglas you find squirrel she has
one of those things I can't pull it like
that that's what she and I did that
exercise really know what makes me think
about like old ancient times how people
would think like trees have eyes very
patent creepy VBR maybe this is how they
have security cameras India actually
really pretty their nature areas that
Wi-Fi here is is horrible so we have to
try to go walk around even finer than
crow okay by the way the cross at the
side okay yeah that was a big one so we
got to take a walk nature's law gets
uploaded the first time the entire trip
that we've had to make this little
little extra walk
I see Wi-Fi su Wi-Fi hey cuz Wi-Fi
sandwiches Wi-Fi coffee gifts your books
Troy I'll get a sandwich never trust
places with free Wi-Fi there's this
place block YouTube and it's super slow
so I just watch the wind ease which is
closed and I think McDonald's give me a
good back having a little nervous I got
a little nervous for a second I don't
have to drive all out of town to stop
with the video I want enjoy where we're
at plus it takes forever to get out
which I think you might have to do
anyway
we got the video uploading air
McDonald's but we felt guilty because
those
why fire alley wind got those two
sandwiches and in the comments before I
tell you and how much do you think those
two sandwiches not even this not even
this just fit in how much I con I'll
give you five seconds I'm gonna let you
know almost pros always just for to be
alright so I feel a little big
accomplished we got the vlog uploaded so
I feel like I just need to edit early in
the night and then go and upload at
McDonald's have a little McDonald party
at night and then we just booked our
reservation for not I want to say
mountainsides but Zion National for so
we're a little bit plan now a window
which ones are you listen very carefully
you can hear our limps if they're going
off he's so quiet never quiet at the
house he's like super usually at the
house Diesel's the loud annoying one
every time we can't find Zoey we're
always looking at or bunk Joey who you
want to tour with Travis Barker in this
very moment the only guy no vision no
diesel yes it's not critical I don't
know what is it is not typical for this
man to be the one that's actually not
going now fat how are you in Fabri
washing typical hair we can food do you
Billy
look at this little belly
Charlie are you getting Genki look at it
it's like I sneak the buidling are we
here let me see it
are you good good oh yeah yeah ma'am
maybe the first time they actually get
to try our little camel back to wherever
they're called however these not really
come in handy the backpack himself is
amusement for so now is first imagine a
load of water cut he looks so orange in
this we have not figured out what's
going on away I know the logical says
likewise this camera with no saturation
hey there's something that said I look
like an oompa loompa and that I'm a very
orange looking individual where does I
order can it is not over tanning my
friends it is just the camera you don't
know why this one was set to get
repaired when he came back was like this
so the pipes would take it back but
we're sorry for the high saturation
or your fresh drippin okay so we're
packed for that I'll pack my delicious
trail makers I've been obsessed with
trail mix recently it's amazing it might
be my new favorite scent ever in Paris
of course it's raining or actually we
found out that there is a trail that
goes for miles and miles and miles and
it's actually at the top of the Grand
Canyon and it kind of goes around the
edge of it which is perfect because I
think it's going to give the most
beautiful views that we can walk the dog
and I know these little Cooper's they
will be excited but I think they're
going to be a little bit nervous - do
you think that they can kind of grasp
that like it's a very I think there's a
concept of understanding excited I think
a little bit I think people just
terrified of everything but who knows
look who's driving so much I was just a
nerd I was getting Harvey driving a car
building a racecar after living in an RV
for three weeks going home I feel like
we have like the quadrille mansions for
Vegas the Grand Canyon is it's
relatively hard to find once you're in
here just because of all the the random
parking lot well there's a staircase a
there I imagine that fun trains not
moving yet
oh my gosh go get run over any trains is
the weirdest stairs in the world aren't
they yeah both people Enzo we had to be
carried up because those weird graded
ones okay their blood and that is the
Grand Canyon oh my gosh that's
unbelievably beautiful isn't unfair you
really can't you can't cross big it is
so big well oh really cool actually
that's all that separates you from the
canyon it really doesn't look real
that's just so beautiful the magnitude
of this is not even Canton show you but
if you look straight there you can see
it's raining that little section of the
canyon actually had a question I don't
know if anyone actually knows the answer
why stupid question was it ever full of
water was kind of like my assumption is
that like this is what the ocean kind of
looks like if it was completely drained
that does that we think about there's
some awesome trails that are right down
there we're gonna have to try possibly
tomorrow I can't bring the dogs
unfortunately they only can stand the
paved trails which we'll try and do that
tomorrow
seriously this is just so beautiful this
is what you saw last night huh yeah when
you were driving ha ha what do you see
bud you got a crazy look at my eyes like
I'm not into this right now
Chloe we aren't prepared for this for
weeks verything prepared by even after
the rain
I still can't comprehend when I'm with
you I know I know I feel like that like
from the above looks pretty crazy cuz
you can see how far I want to fly a
drone so here so bad but I know you
can't do it and I don't want to go to
jail right now for a video then I'll
miss a day the account of mine doesn't
look like that we keep just like walking
from section to section and it looks
cooler and cooler every time
it's super crowded and if there is so
we're going to take the car and Stephen
finds I remember when we drove in there
a bunch of these little random lookout
point series lovingness they make it so
many friends but there were still many a
little like look up points that we
couldn't get to does the RV was
obviously too big hence the reason why
we had to get a car so we're going to
see about like possibly driving back and
finding some that aren't so busy and
walking dogs there was a challenge of
course is want to come right up go
horsey let's get out of the camera no
gotta get it out of your face hi guys
are you curious they're looking at mark
he looks like like nope they don't know
I got it trying to find the viewpoints
of someone you're driving into the Grand
Canyon yesterday maintaining the huge
everything it looks alike is a grand
it's quite grand that's on leave look
look at the green screen this is how
beautiful feel like that rock is going
to go Marley
you are planers dangering your girl
total score no is it you're dancing with
danger my I would look like a green
screen though it just looks so beautiful
hungry we faked how far is
I wonder who's what the four years I'd
like that turn I were just standing at
one of the points and taking a photo and
you get up there and you still have like
a good like 15-20 feet or face between
you and the edge but you feel like
you're going to fall over I'm watching
it is it's really terrifying and
overwhelming but it's so beautiful we
keep saying this but it doesn't even
seem real looks like a screensaver on a
computer or just like a painting it
doesn't actually look like a real place
but it's just unbelievably beautiful
what I'm so happy that we actually made
it here this is insane hey you know I'm
like on the edge Photo Club so great
leaves I get a little nervous because
this guy keeps hearing things and we're
pretty close don't worry we're being
very very safe she's over here like are
you kidding me you're still doing this
Joey are you liking it he just loves is
are you getting about comfy it really
shows these unbelievable colors that
we're seeing right now so look now but
the spider is about to land on your head
it's not funny it's right here posing
for a photo here the alleys doing so
let's go pretend like nothing's
happening awkward this is as close as I
could possibly go just knowing my luck I
can't go any closer
trippy luck not going to do it I saw it
it's a giant Canyon not going closer if
you guys ever come here I highly highly
recommend
stopping off in the viewpoint I think
it's on 64 the others multiple
viewpoints but I think it's perfect
if you go to the viewpoints there's
nobody here versus if you go down to the
Visitor Center I mean thank you look at
the Grand Canyon there's some spots you
can possibly be
just a couple but there's no one here
and it's so much better like I highly
recommend it that's just a travel tip
ally gets super nervous like oh yeah I
just can't get over this yeah see sure I
can't go on that rock right there just a
little bit I go on come back be a great
vlog okay Zoey I didn't jump off the
cliff yes I think it's the air like any
little bouncy butt and then Marlene
diesel are actually playing which is
unheard of
boys are so good killing it come on
all right Ally got mad at me for putting
my freakin feet at the edge and I find
her over here on the rock this is the
rock I said was probably gonna fall one
day so you should probably get off of
that now I'm coming
honey I get your ass back up here hi I
messed up yeah that is my favorite rock
here look at that we're not going on I
can I go on that let me just slip on I
could go right there that stairs what if
it has actually gone on that one
come on babe I got to do it for the vlog
wanna be rude ah elke I go to right now
for anything before like okay what is an
elk though I go see what is an elk what
is the difference between an elk a moose
a deer elk
Lucinda deer walk into a barn Margie
under said how the hell did you get in
here how the hell'd you get in here
you're all moose elk and deer you're all
do something here yeah
I don't know dear here so many looking
that's Jimmy Neutron on playa somebody's
got me
it won't stop being weird all the pups
except for this one are pretty exhausted
from today diesels done he's like
totally out of it would you like a
sandwich diesel would you like a piece
of pizza I'm going to listen to
Dashboard Confessional diesel is your
favorite band My Bloody Valentine oh my
gosh just shut your mouth was it guys
can see we are indulging in finer finer
tastes of food I made this yeah in the
and the grill right and I put in a big
box student I was like it's not that
good yeah I have to have it right mark
this is the first time we've seen a
pizza place or civilization while
camping out in the world woods or force
so we figured indulge tomorrow we're
actually going back to the Grand Canyon
and we're going to Ali and I are going
to try to do the hike I want to do this
like though that super long is like 20
miles long technically it takes two days
we can't do that so we're definitely
enough to come back but maybe we can
hike a little bit of it and then turn
around but I don't know we're going to
figure out a really awesome hike that's
a couple of miles long and I can't wait
because we're going to go down to the
canyon today I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video I don't think it's fully
captured how big the Grand Canyon really
is like when Ali and I first got there
we looked at each other like this is
fake this looks like just like a distant
like in a movie where everything seems
distant is it CGI
I hope you guys are enjoying these
travel vlogs and please go thank
Lazydays i'll pull all that information
down there description please thank them
and say how awesome it is that they are
letting us kind of do this whole
situation and guys if you want to see us
do more travel vlogs you need to let us
know hit the thumbs up button write it
in the comment section because you guys
are going to push us to do bigger and
better things and these are amazing
opportunities so if you guys want to see
more of these travel vlogs to make sure
that you let us know and subscribe so
you can see the rest of them because
we're here for another two more weeks
without the green canyon but on the
in here for another two more weeks so
we'll see you tomorrow have a great
night and Pisa all right we'll see you
guys tomorrow
you
