I think you need to get to oh I couldn't
even fit my calf in one of those oh we
have a big time scorer only seven bucks
and that's even better
I'll just take that oh I'll buy them cuz
they're seven bucks how long is a flight
from Seattle Washington oh gotta turn it
on first good morning
how many hours is Seattle Washington
from Tokyo Japan feel like that it might
just give me time stones oh it's still
record damn it let me think about that
okay doesn't mean long it's fine I've
ever been on it's going to be oh my god
ten hours Zoey said hours check it out
it's like this like atrium like thing
there's a pool you know that smell when
you have like a cool chlorinated pool
inside like a building I don't know why
but I always just says hey there's my
childhood I just love that smell it's
cool you got a little babbling brook
how does one even prepare for a ten and
a half hour play like do ideas get stuff
you know how to hair for this I'm not
ready
hey I said right there all right mom you
caught the cleaning bug too huh we are
urging our houses of crap also check
this out I just remembered that this
picture was on my mom's fridge oh look
at us look at look at our special child
looking off into the corner she's so
ridiculous yeah this is right after we
got engaged you know that's catnip and
you're yeah all right don't forget to
bring it down yeah it's weird because
Zoey's the bigger one but she likes all
the small stuff she likes smaller dogs
small toys oh she's got a bit of a
complex and makes her feel good
something like that this is the worst
part about summer time for this dog look
at the hair coming off oh my god just
comes off in chunks Jose we got to get
you a new coat babe we got it we had to
figure this out you know it's not gonna
work out for me just spent the whole day
steaming the tile floors all throughout
my house and there was literally a line
of dirt where I would clean it and then
the the part that wasn't clean was like
a different color gross what do you see
oh my gosh you don't even know where
you're ready but you're running there
I'm kind of an ass to my dogs but I love
him
they know I'm an ass though they love me
back for that I guess we each have our
lovely characteristics I was thinking a
lot about that actually like you know
how at every point in your life you have
a situation where it kind of irritated
with like a friend or someone close to
you but any I don't know it's it gets
hard because you get annoyed and you
feel like you can't really express it to
them because it's not worth it but it
bothers you a lot but then you kind of
realize it at the end of the day it's
not worth rehashing everything I kind of
don't know where I'm going with this I'm
just rambling basically the point of the
whole conversation is you always have to
appreciate your friends at the end of
the day it's hard to you know I mean
there's not a specific incident that I'm
talking about so don't panic I don't
like hate everyone it's just you know
you just get annoyed with things
sometimes but that's life and then you
move on and realize that there are
bigger and better things to worry about
yeah I'm not very good at giving
inspirational talks am i dancing get
your veggies eat all your veggies
got you guys are so weird yeah alright
kitchen this is cool everything you can
think about Seattle including Nirvana
number of the babies uh yeah
conveniently isn't it maybe that's what
I saw yesterday I do realize that
Squatch was here just piling it oh do I
get the I get the pedals in mind guys
we're trying desperately to move things
from one place to another what do you
need to have over there okay you guys
have no idea others have no idea how
hard it is to travel as a band on an
airplane just okay this you want to
bring a gun rack the keyboard the
keyboard right there how much is it 600
535 it's just insane so like you five
two or three times you could buy a new
keyboard yeah we could buy a new
keyboard when we get the price and this
thing is not going anywhere it's like 80
pounds welcome aboard Duncan here we go
it's kind of exciting I've never been to
Japan even though it's gonna be in the
airport it's still pretty stoked
hopefully they have like a robotic
toilets and like robotic everything
oh that security looks awesome
Wow we're going through a tunnel
it's a time warp wait what's going done
why was sowing done oh people are
getting on and off the time work machine
I suppose but I don't know what's now
all the way to Japan just kidding and
that's how we're gonna time warp to
Tokyo yeah I saw what you were doing
it's hysterical Marley does not do stuff
unless she watches so we do it first
like if Zoey doesn't do it she doesn't
want to do it but if Zoey does it she
has to try it I just saw her rant run in
here and mess with the to thinks she's
just like her big sis I had so much
candy from what you guys all sent in the
mail vlogs that I decided to share with
the fam and dump it off the bear house
so I don't eat it I don't need any more
candy I clearly don't need any more cam
spastic enough as it is I don't need any
more candy so you get to have it happy
birthday thank good thanks alright so
obviously since I have to be on the
flight for like 12 13 hours I don't
think I'm gonna be able to give any more
footage so I just wanted to say I'll see
you guys tomorrow so Ali take up the
rest of the vlog because we're gonna be
on a plane it's all film on the plane
and then that'll kick off in the next
day 10 hours 13 hours I'm playing need
tips you guys have any tips with
Australia flights to be pretty
all right time to time warp Tokyo takes
a little longer than a local Moscow
don't kill forget power to kill so we
went to the lounge
they were basically trying to pack up as
much as we possibly can right now I got
I got four cookies right here and I'm
trying to figure out how we can
transport those this plane just put in
your pocket like these strawberries are
oh my god that's like the size of a
small human heart they're like a nuclear
strawberry anybody want some rhubarb
rhubarb rhubarb
beyond the basket milk but I think she's
lost her bite
you done yes not me
yes she's on the oh my gosh she's on the
cabinet I'm gonna show everyone your
mustache I knew you were gonna drop as
soon as I got over here pick up get your
thingy pick it up here eat it show
everybody how you hold it no you're not
gonna do it anymore it's like mom I'm
embarrassed don't care I don't show me
doing that all right guys time for me to
go to bed I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video
honey I loved you and I miss you and I
hope that you traveled safely all right
guys we'll see you tomorrow tonight what
I couldn't sleep
somebody who are you it you guys know
you're super jealous of my snazzy USB
light since this thing isn't backlit all
right now I really am going to bed kind
of in my board of sheets see you guys
tomorrow good night
what
yes
with trippy
we're
with trippy
don't forget
