well there's the girls lying on daddy be
good
we checked out of the aeropuerto ready
to go got alright we're running into a
little bit of an incident we usually fly
we fly all over the place with a little
Wi-Fi system basically our wireless
system for guitars and re any errors but
today I don't know what happened but
it's slightly over so I'm waiting for a
Travis and Danny to come and we're gonna
figure out how to MacGyver this thing to
work on an airplane it's just slightly
over I don't know what she let that
slide you excited a bit high five don't
know chancing I can swing you right into
the wheelchair ready no no no not doing
that Charles just made a good point that
every single thing that I'm wearing at
this moment well I belongs to Charles
I'm wearing his boxers his hoodie and
his shirt when you're married you don't
have to dress up anymore everything you
owned belongs to me just trying to lick
the camera that isn't transfer well
until that's that would be my face he
licks my face he doesn't like what I
have to say so he doesn't have to listen
okay so charges left and this is the
part where I cried from the tripod by
myself uh I hate my lease all right time
for our morning Ted jewel he's being a
lazy down at the bottom are they tie
fighters tie fighters are the good ones
right
this is okay I may have not known that
one for here I looked it up does anyone
know what oh we want to know his home
planet is
bujjamma Patrick John Stewart no joke
look up
and star wars today make it up to you
guys good afternoon everyone I just took
a lovely nap after dropping Charles off
at the airport bright and early this
morning and would you like to know what
exciting stuff I'm getting into today
cleaning my entire house I know you guys
are really jealous right now
I'm sorry you know I wish that I could
you know have you guys come and do my
dirty laundry I know you I just try to
restrain yourselves I get it
cleaning is the most exciting thing
actually you know what I I can't keep up
that act I seriously do like cleaning is
that weird I don't know it's high time
that our house got cleaned so I'm going
to work and these guys don't look like
they're gonna be much help so I'm gonna
go ahead and get started without him
just got off the flight there oh yeah
getting on the flight right there never
happened before never happen again nope
no wait yep I would like to donate $1 to
the good cause you don't need a dollar
you get a bell wait for it wait for it
yes we just like live noses oh yeah
guess what guess who's back
got Duncan everyone mess with Duncan and
tell him to stop smoking heaven Yoshi
what's he like Blair Witch Project what
school this is Greenville Greendale kind
of reminds me of the you know the show
community we're playing in school and
then tomorrow we're going to Manila yeah
it's kind of it's kind of cool this guy
like this campground
kind of feel to it I see the allergies
floating here right pollen everywhere
I'm the World's Strongest Man that is
yeah I have no idea this is like the
most fascinating thing I'm gonna just do
this all day now what that's actually
really kind of cool it's it's it's like
something that would be in a Bioshock
we're such stories we're just smelling
all the wood oh it smells so good though
okay Oh several hours later and I've got
bathroom this area I've got my closet
taken care of
bedroom still not helping took care of
all this which is so crazy because this
was a disaster
still not helping and now I'm gonna go
to Ikea yeah I think I'm gonna reward
myself with some baskets also we
definitely need some more storage for
the dog toys because it's out of control
see what I mean by out of control did
you make this mess look at this can you
clean this I guess not
Sam any piece you can do without hitting
one one drum breeding grounds they take
young girls up in the tree and then they
can glitter and then they reveal
themselves as vampires so be very quiet
what's the number one thing you should
do when you find a trail and in a woods
in a state you've never been you you go
on it by yourself a fork in the road up
one two three four you folks have see
this okay when you think fork in the
road you you think a fork right
nighttime to who's ever had a two
two-pronged fork one two three four
that's a real fork in the road
it's like a giant Apple you see it even
looks like a dog or like a bear like a
bear cub oh crap I think it sees me oh
it's easy
just kidding I'll come on I had I had
some of you come on my acting was
somewhat good I set it up pretty well
right no in all seriousness there are
bears in there so I just thought it'd be
kind of fun to do that that was fun all
right I'm on the phone with Charles
right now and he was telling me that he
was just getting bored because he wasn't
really doing anything he was just kind
of hanging around for today he yawned on
the phone and he made me yawn you just
made me yawn jar who did again stop
doing not I'm not gonna do it I'm not
gonna yawn yawn all right so did you
know that chart that you can make people
yawn through the phone oh oh God really
and so humble dude what would you do if
you saw just I'd give them this frog and
the mountain doing one hand camera in
the other and there we go
I'll go with the camera and the do this
seems like iRobot I've seen where where
they draw the robot by himself that's
great hi the roads lead to nothing we're
going to Ikea and I am on a shopping
cart oh god I'm gonna die
dad you're not a good driver
what is he cheated my parents to a
lovely IKEA dinner probably the least
healthy things that I read but we did it
anyway
feeling pretty ill at the moment I feel
like that episode of Futurama when Zapp
Brannigan is like the Spirit is willing
but the flesh is spongy and bruised what
you doing there led me on between eight
thousand times the guys right here okay
you tweeted eight thousand horse stick
or a belt
I'm only gonna do it once good that's
what she said
you want their foot fact about the stage
moves play Nirvana late on that stage
Philippines is 3 p.m. that Sydney's
gonna be 5 I could be so confusing
that's 3 a.m. where Ali is so I need to
call her now before she passes out
she's obviously do you want a little bed
all right well say good night to the
Internet
testing testing hello hello hello
testing testing what the hell is this
it's still there yeah hey hello how do I
get in the stop so the secret face for
today is just WTF with the big circle
the underscore in the little circle in
the comments right now just think of
some fun things that we should do in
Malaysia and all that stuff so we some
ideas Oh
it's the other army waiter
yes
with y'all trippin
with Gianelli don't forget anymore
