hey guys quick make a wish quicker
quicker quicker quicker quicker quite
quite quite quite quite quite click
click quite quite quite quick look look
look I just got word it is time to
switch you out with another brand new
camera the one that was being prepared
what was like three weeks ago just got
here and now I'm gonna send you off
let's go get repaired because this one's
pretty Haggard can't really see it but
like you see a little doohickey up there
that's not supposed to be that a little
metal thing that I sliced my trigger on
every time now that it falls down our
focus testing the new camera
you know drunk vision right now well as
you saw the camera wasn't really fixed
this this well I don't know this one's
coming on this one's coming on tour for
a while what do I need what do I need
way socks underwear shirts face cream
and gallon baggies go this is my
favorite part about when we go rig you
know get ready for a tour it's coming to
this aisle just buying a bunch of little
mini stuff it's all it's like you make
things mini it's always better is this
don't move dumb a good job and the
crucial element for world tour lots and
lots of sunscreen lotion lots you know
that at that point in your life when you
go outside a lot and you get a suntan on
your face in the shape of sunglasses and
then you have to go outside every single
day after that to try to get rid of it
and you have to just walk like this yeah
it's called summer that's what it is get
more bills
so whatever the total was the other day
add another thirty five hundred dollars
see this free coffee and look at this
ooh al used to take me to the beach and
let me run it around for a little bit I
got to get some more fish apparently you
guys did confirm that it was a puffer
fish a baby Ted coloring all these kids
ruined it look at this
you're gonna be a great dad oh honey
deer are not blue look at this
I want to color and this is what I can't
call her anything what the pretentious
coloring book user a green dog really
one of our green of blue ears but your
dad is in the car book and he's a
cheetah Pink Panther I'm Tara I'm Tara
the Machida that's how you it's Jeff
it's how he's obsessing with teacher oh
oh man there I think we have today's the
day for a mail boy at the end of this
video we're gonna do a mail vlog so you
guys are asking since I'm gonna be
leaving for a while for tour we're
definitely doing mail blogs I mean no
yeah actually you know what
we'll have that at the end of the video
but right here just click right here and
I'll take you to the mail blog and then
you can come back and watch the rest of
the video yeah just click right there
ooh traffic well I guess it could always
be worse you guys know any car games no
one
make sure to deter 2/3 of that uh you
can make it the gate shut forever yeah
since I'm getting ready then I'll go to
Australia and Malaysia and all that fun
stuff
Ali Ali's gonna need food so I hate to
come back to the beach to catch enough
food to her and the dogs you know we'll
have enough fish to eat so we can have a
lot of sushi a lot of fish to catch look
I see a little fish already time for
some man points I think Charles already
caught a fish but see what he's got same
exact one oh you got a daughter
every one of those jerk yellow ones I
was trying to catch look I found another
freaking one I mean I mean I'm through a
shout-out please don't eat me
you shut up take now if I could like
take your sunglasses when I'm at hand
got him
lift them up and tell your friends tell
ya the new talent Dog Boarding waiting
for a good set oh that was a perfect one
this one it alright maybe this next one
maybe this one Zoe Zoe
oh she's ran out that didn't count
go go go doggie boarding
you look good silly you're a head in the
sand
this dog is falling asleep I think she's
fine I want one
I'm starting to think we come to the dog
beast just so I can catch fish now and
let some of the dogs I'm the only one in
the water everyone else is sitting here
on the understand like Labor's remember
the other day when I had you guys tell
me if you got unsubscribe doors in
subscription box yada yada yada I sent
that whole list off to YouTube and until
they kind of figure things out I want
you to if you found through watching
this video I want you to make sure to go
to the youtube.com slash CTFxC
youtube.com/scishow strippy goo joob
concise trippy and youtube.com slash Ali
and make sure you're subscribed like
when you go to the channels make sure it
says subscribed because I don't know
what's going on with you dude it's like
a massive explosion hopefully it's gonna
get fixed but I just want to make sure
that you make sure that we are since
you're subscribed and then I don't know
maybe I do subscription page or
something like that you know you can pin
stuff at the homepage just double check
to make sure you're subscribed and
hopefully
let's get up one of those times it's
like the YouTube YouTube Great
Depression or something like that like
there's massive decline but we go right
back up back up
alright time for a mail vlog so we just
got done doing the mail vlog and it's
raining and thundering really bad and I
accidentally popped I know I didn't act
I purposely popped I wasn't thinking and
Marley got freaked out and she ran away
and I have no idea where she is like
legit right now I have no idea she's
hiding somewhere Marley
I'm trying to think of all the places
she would normally hire Marc Marley
Marley
I covered her in this ok clue that's a
clue she had to walk through here so she
must be in here somewhere
I found you under there come on don't be
scared of me with those things there you
go no I mean Charles and thunder yikes
save it now don't come
one of you guys sent fart bombs in the
mail and Charles like he he has in the
bathroom right now he has no idea that I
had these and I'm gonna go put one in
the bedroom and it's gonna suck this
probably gives them a good idea because
we're gonna go to sleep in a little bit
per my usual routine is close to
midnight I'm exhausted and I'm just now
getting all my clothes together for what
tour I suck
okay Zoey go get Marly we're gonna put
all three of you in here now the battery
is flashing red I have to go to bed get
some sleep after wake up like four hours
Ellie is helping look all my suitcases
never looked so neat and tidy all right
I gotta go to bed guys I will see you
later stick around I have a little
announcement for the mail vlog so I'll
go check out the mail yep as you can see
the battery just shut off on me
mid-sentence I was gonna say was good
night but I yeah click right here go
check out the mail blog guys click right
there click right there if you can't
click right there it's gonna be at the
top link of the video description below
so go check out the mail blog alright
enjoy guys bye
where's he at
giddy with y'all trippin
Harry don't forget
