well it's been a few weeks and now it is
time for a mail vlog
you guys weren't asking and since I'm
leaving for tour we have a bunch of mail
so I want to get this done so Zoey
Marley are already picking out the
where's that one who that one the one of
them that was just like we know what it
who's it from
we joined from Hong Kong dang oh it's a
rubber chicken
wait that noise sounded just like the
rubber chicken things not scared at all
like that's interesting but it's not
very scary
Zoey this is from Kate and Sam from
Michigan oh wow Angry Birds candy what a
foaming zombie candy Mike that's awesome
I bet if you like pour it in your mouth
it just found out glow in the dark
bubbles Jacob from Ontario it's actually
I really like the style actually and
then I guess this is his puppy Zoey look
at kaya amber from Colorado so she
obviously drew this with the little
brainslug these are all my gosh these
must be all about one of my surgery a
bunch of ninja stars like I could throw
at people
Rachelle from Florida that's her with us
at Weezer remember that is not happy and
then this is her with you guys at UWF
that's you rocking on stage nice
SOI like that job is so 2009 what's in
there what's in there Kelly she sent her
chocolate chip cookie recipe if you guys
want it's right there and there you go
and a bunch of magnets
she made this and then she drew this is
from Sarah from Pennsylvania
she also accidentally ordered two of
these skirts from Singapore so she gave
me one it's really cool this is gonna be
great for the beach and stuff now the
dogs are ready is from Amy from Canada
and it just says pet toys and kid toys
on the meerkat meerkat meerkat the
marker what markers like the bag this is
from Vicky why check this out there's
Ali as a superhero and Zoey barkow so he
has thumbs and then look at this I am
scarless
her because I have a scar she even got
on the right side and you have a cameo
belonging yourself
holy crap who's that from Mecca Mecca
they're all the other photos from the
wedding then we need to pull out it's a
it's a what it always blurry almost like
butt of pictures instead of like just
color that's what is that can I see it
oh and I can I can walk next to Buddha
and then I can jump them let me see if I
can jump Buddha hey yes sweet clogging
bed Riley you got a wiener you're just
like what
awesome how do you do that you blockhead
poor motives or I'll be or all right
take them I'm sorry homemade dog toy
from Cousins Haley and Jason in Missouri
I got too much stuff that you I don't
know what to do
just so you guys know we don't always
show what's in all the letters but we
read all of them so don't think that
it's not important or that we don't care
just as we don't show it Charles reading
through like a 10 piece of letter hey
this is Sasha and Emily decided to share
rocking the CTFxC shirts every household
so this is Jesse from Virginia she wore
this hat in relay for life and gave it
to Charles so she wore that she walks
for everybody knows who had cancer it's
just really a quite moving story so
thank you for sharing that we got girls
something else no it's for me yeah it
really is is everyone all the people the
locals I'll take that it must be French
just I don't know how many times I can
make that joke hey what have we got here
Danielle from California I've always I
just didn't know where to get it
pizzas oh my god I could put on my grill
now face I wanted to say so this is
Danielle actually remember meeting her
from the LA show I think was the El Rey
and it was when you were late cuz if
your plane is the reallys plane wouldn't
get there so Thank You Danielle I
I think I remember talking to you about
that cuz yeah she was trying to
basically was trying to sneak the pizza
stone into the show and it didn't work
so this is from Katie basically you know
just to keep my head warm ooh yeah you
know just to I drink on some naughty
stuff from Korea and New York now this
is funny this is a really really funny
book oh that's great
that's our icon favorite thing it is a
letter just for Zoey and Mari Marly only
well I think this is very this if it
makes her happy this is us and
paper/pencil pics over a deuce
yeah VidCon last year I think it's like
kind of like bingo the other like tarot
cards they do it like tarot cards this
was weird but I think it's actually yeah
come on it's Spanish
does it mean I don't know I've never
seen that word before Alfie
he basically writes hi my name is Alfie
you may remember me from such paintings
as a canvas of Charles in the dodgeball
video hold on right there and you
remembered how much I don't remember
what vlog was when I was basically
complaining how stupid bumper bumper
stickers was was were or are and he sent
me this one just so I can put on my car
and be ironic and he remembered how much
I don't remember what vlog was when I
was basically complaining how stupid
bumper bumper stickers was was were or
are and he sent me this one just so I
could put on my car be ironic squirrel
friend is running you enjoying that from
New York I can't it was it I think i
retweeted this I remember seeing this
this is from Natalie you I just wanted
to show you guys this I'm a little
canvas thing
stop chasing your girlfriend look what
you got great hey desi and Jessie the
world bets not them that's their
daughter we got some Midlands shot
glasses what is this oh my gosh that's a
giant yo-yo is this a bobblehead Star
Wars this Zoo Marley whoops try again oh
this is from Lorraine from ki Canada
but she made this specifically for you
you know like Zoey likes to like eat the
eyebrow guys you know like the little
beads it's double headed to cat dog wait
it's like dog dog oh there you go and I
can eat its face actually fits her
really nicely very nice
Kim your baby shot a camera it's from
Brittany W that is awesome really good
idea it's like cut out it's two layers
that's really cool Thank You Brittany
that is it for the male blog thing thank
you for stopping by if you haven't
watched the vlog for today make sure to
click at the end of this video I'll send
you right back over there otherwise I'll
see you in the next vlog don't worry
we'll do another one and yeah so make
sure to go check out the vlog so I'll
see you guys later bye
over there I'll see over that look I'm
gonna transport ready it was really lame
