and this is how we start today like a
boss alamos fix it I'm trying but it's
not yes of course my belt broke again
it's not a sign that I'm gaining weight
no it's not internet trolls actually
lost a lot of weight but it's because
it's a cheaply made belt it's my
favourite build to ride the bike 306
what look how good zoe is she's like I
would love to come out there I know I'm
not allowed
come on Zoe no no come on Zoe you're
loud come on
break the rules he broke the rules now
you're stretching and gloatin internet
do you want to know what the most
addictive nut is pistachio you know why
cuz they look like little when I was
little I used to think they're right
remember Slimer from ghostbusters I used
to think they were slimy turds because
they're green they just call them slime
returns Restorick oh here's another true
story
I'm officially sick of gummy bears after
the last year of tour I I don't think
anyone in the band can ever look at a
gummy bear entire life but I do not like
good more for me well that's that
magazine thing I had was like hogs gonna
be poured on your wiener I was just
trying to tweet something right and I
was like wait Ali how do you spell
meaner
okay there's w/e i see i NER WI en er
but you have the eye before you except
after C but in this in this case it's
not true technically it's WI en er but
English speaking people aren't used to
European punctuation so they spell it w
ein air er
I'm very proud of my selfish who says
that you don't learn something on the
Internet
you guys now know how to spell Weiner
I'm gonna stop talking about wieners
contests go we're gonna use those oil
pad things and we're gonna see who has
an oily face in the comments who do you
think team Charles a team ally no no no
that's Cheney she's putting more grease
um I think more grease uh my things no I
have to do it tomorrow you're cheating
no I have to do it I don't know how
you're gonna do it okay use it one one
wipe no you don't wipe it you and here's
mine this reminds me of that Simpsons
episode homers trying to gain weight and
they're trying to figure out if it's
good enough so they rub it on a wall oh
my god mines clear it's clear ready just
on your forehead yeah oh you're so gonna
lose cuz you didn't do your whole face
right oh this is mine I don't I don't
know you spread it all out if I spread
them out it would look like that
you know Wow picked up a little
hitchhikers God and we got beer we got
Travis and all I don't have to tell you
guys we go to Busch Gardens it's
actually we lucked out the Sun is hidden
they're very they're very pale but you
get the all right that's that's better
right under the eye you're good and then
you actually good secret trick to a
theme parks and water parks Ziploc bags
oh you got the camera great sorry just
nobody pose like that they just plank
right there no crocodile oh yeah yeah
still would eat me Oh Ali Ali they're
planking better than you I call
Instagram
that's how cheetahs dance a little
novelty tree this is my impression of
the Train No
is a hip-hopper Potamus something
something ominous a dish he looks
friendly I don't know Helen Helen Ellen
Helen Helen
he was an hour's Steve Steve Steve Steve
are there like little Elvis's I think we
found the best place to go a bush goons
and Travis now
I can't go on since the surgery I'm not
able to go on anything that has a lot of
g-forces I'm allowed to go on like the
water eyes because they don't have any
g-forces but unfortunately
rollercoasters I have to wait for a
couple more months so
trying to say good thumbs not that he
doing a cheetah he's not gonna make it
do you think it's so sick of this song
hello mr. Ellison she's making the new
stuff oh yes oh I thought he was just
happy to see the camera oh that's so
good this is what we need to be I know
just Jesus you really like Michael
Jackson you ever gonna this right in
like three years
don't worry guys don't worry I didn't
send this Alex I feel like she chose the
wrong seat right now I feel like this is
just drench her right now we're going
deep down the river
where they go
I'm afraid now what that is unleashed
the clouds knowing in the sky we just
got home okay get out of the car cuz we
were all wet when we got in and she
won't get out of the car hey alright you
can hang out in the car see you later
we were just about to go to the grocery
store to make a burritos I got a craving
again for burritos and all of a sudden
the Thunder we just heard thunder it all
of a sudden Zoey just becomes our shadow
please only please don't leave please
don't leave please don't leave do you
have your anti everything that scares
Zoey jacket okay there we go you don't
need one you're already crazy
what contraption are you playing right
now and nice pillow you're making her go
crazy with the light she's drooling and
her nose is straight into the thing
trying to get the light but if I go like
this can you still see so we can just
ruined your game by just doing that
okay I'm sorry it's just funny to me
Zoey the light is not coming it's not
coming back it's not
wait
yes
giddy with child tripping
be an ally don't forget
