we're gonna big birdie the end of yard
be nice Marley talk to do you didn't
even want to get him that kind of stuff
just proves that Marley is not a vicious
dog she's so like delicate she's just
like slit her but four times doesn't
want to get anything she's gonna chase
him what you making
Marley want I saw Barry I just got back
from running and that she's been staring
at these bowl of strawberries could be
good there you go
sour okay you like strawberries how
about you there you go
No what's this garbage no more I don't
want you getting sick okay I'm gonna
make my first a local I'll usually make
something where to try to do it Ali
doesn't believe me that I I just didn't
I just made the perfect pancake mix at
the right amount of mix oh but what
about this this counters that Oh Marley
this if this okay backing up guys if you
don't have a perfect round pancake this
doesn't count
it's a throwaway I think I just doesn't
be the perfect pancake whatever it is
the same stuff inside it Marcus I think
you need to drop more stuff yep that's
what you need to do to drop stuff
phenomena truth it goes that is a
perfect pancake waffle it's an awful
waffle basically it's awful yeah yeah
all right Ali come here lift this up Ali
lift this up come on come elicit look
come on lift it come on all right I'll
lift it up and show you this perfect
waffle
yeah there's over on the spoon but it's
a complete waffle this is an awful this
is a waffle I win
internet back me up see yours are
delicious this is just a perfect tasty
that's why it doesn't matter and I'm not
wasting don't look at this guy's that's
a motherfucking egg oh the bleep just
accentuates my awesomeness great Miley
alright so right off the bat guys got to
talk to you guys some serious stuff we
got to talk about some serious stuff
right now first off and I think was
yesterday it was YouTube's seventh
birthday so happy birthday YouTube
here's the bad stuff I've been getting a
lot of comments tweets and a lot of
emails saying that YouTube unsubscribed
you know they were doing the clean-out
system but they were unsubscribing
active users I actually got an email
from YouTube asking me to do this so if
you were unsubscribe from any of our
channels specifically our channels
because if you are unsubscribe from
CTFxC Charles Trippy Trippi or Ally let
me know in the comments tell me your
username what you were unsubscribe to
and the date you noticed it or a date
you think your unsubscribe and then I'm
gonna actually send that to YouTube
please tell me in the comments I'm going
to take that list I'm gonna give it to
youtube and hopefully we'll be able to
fix this what are you doing dude it's
like if our videos are showing up please
tell me that as well like your username
your subscription box isn't working
I know I know it feels like deja vu but
it's been so freakin unbelievably nice
here in Florida it'd be it'd be stupid
not to go to the length of the beach
anymore and you know what guys spend
some time with my bitches and my wife
this is getting better at it though
there she goes did you catch a fish
through this that's straight up
macgyvered right now what kind of fish
is oh you're a magic man I've never seen
a fish like this I've never seen anybody
catch a fish with their hands I have no
internet what kind of fish is this
probably like a baby purr on it listen
there is that's right
man of many talents and mysteries I can
make perfect pancakes and waffles and
catch fish barehanded did you catch him
I'm trying to build a chair and Miley
wants to dig it up so badly
no joke is the baby touch the puffer
fish okay get it on back up let's see if
I can get it to puff up
he just did a second ago
come on puff up again there he was
puffing up I just did it again I gotta
put it back in the water so I'm Charlie
King out in the ocean trying to catch
fish with his bare hands
he's such a wild man he's already caught
four fish so the stupid camera was on
photo mode and I'm saying this before I
even look hopefully you guys got to see
the phantom fish the yellow and black
fish because he was waiting for the lens
and he says for me not to worry because
I won't go hungry tonight you guys like
my Guardians
no in ancient Egypt they had like their
pets next to them I feel like that the
guy one is so enthralled with this thing
I've never seen him focused on anything
harder in his life I give up you
actually sit look at that okay got
another one he's so cool looking you
ready for a snack you ready for a snack
you ready for smack no more fish yellow
ones today we witness a hero among man a
hero of all heroes
he stands triumphant at the water's edge
surely no man woman or child will ever
go hungry again thanks to this man and
his amazing talents barehand fishing
look at this Trixie Trixie gas station
okay usually you know the regular
regular unleaded it's on the left
nope it's premium I almost get helps get
my car premium look at this ad rachel
has pointed out and this look at what
this girl is doing she's just like hold
on you even now he is going to explain
the difference of that I'm sorry guys we
have what is that a burrito an enchilada
a taco taco is the only one that makes a
difference a chimichanga okay and okay
now here's the thing the lion
quesadillas I can do them all this is
based on like American standards of food
basically I do you want a flat so this
is not correct for all these videos
things interest the punchline okay a
burrito is that plus race and it's in a
salt you can get a taco in a hard or
soft shell burrito soft if you get a
champion got it's like a harder shell
because they fry the burrito but it's a
basically the same kind of thing
although there's not really rice and a
Jimmy it's just meat and cheese so they
are the same way you miss the one that
we had so it's basically a meat or
cheese or whatever rolled up we're
basically saying our burrito is related
up to that chimichanga
totally
most of the time it's me did you get
slut on here again no salutes you just
demolished that's like so much wanted
their alley was like okay so the
waitress goes by now folks what you
couldn't feels nice smashing can fall
under the table my left hand you told me
that though knowing is existing that you
were gloating about having a hot
waitress touch you with her food no I
wasn't paying attention and that Alice
she's due to the end on camera well
she's just wants this chocolate
check it out
Oh what are you guys do
I'd like salty and sweet is that good
it's evening is we're gonna state
actually I don't like freaking out
we need two straws with three straws oh
and you're all and I could just like
share it oh yeah there's one right there
snorted and snort it she's smart the
chocolate you disgusting person so I
just took a shot
trust your chocolate syrup
and now we're gonna watch a movie yeah
that would have tried to fit the bill so
we are done well nice
we're on date night which day night when
yours daylight when you're married just
like Tuesday well Dave Andrea Rachel
over there we're gonna go see the
dictator we're gonna see how it was dick
David
yes Ally over here over here Ally honey
what do you think of the dictator it was
it was it was pretty good the ending
speech perfect out of five mustaches
member to see tfx cinema
how many mustaches you give it seven I
give it seven mustaches as well it makes
me want to kick-start see T of X cinema
again we're gonna be doing it again
along with the drunk gaming we're gonna
be doing CTFxC cinema this summer
basically you can go to Netflix comps
are CTFxC or in Netflix Co UK / CTFxC or
Netflix dot i / CTFxC and you can watch
a bunch of movies like streaming stuff
like that if you guys didn't know they
hooked this up a long time ago but I
liked it I thought it was pretty good
I only saw one Wiener in there call wife
anyway I will see you guys tomorrow bye
my manly manliness is too much for one
day and I have to go arrest for another
mantastic just kidding I'm gonna recap
the day I did make the world's most
circle pancake waffle waffle and i
caught several baby fish and a puffer
fish with my bare hands so i think the
secret phrase for today if you watch
this video you should type fantastic
because it with a mantastic day i'll put
all the information from today in the
video description you can check that out
you can check out the Netflix thing I
will see you guys tomorrow
good night
yes
giddy with child tripping
- it would be an early
anymore
