what do you got making a mess so I have
a little story to tell you guys
Zoe Farley and I went running this
morning and Zoe didn't do her morning
good morning poop and all of a sudden
she started doing the little squat thing
like okay slow down
I got a poop I gotta find some grass and
I kid you not I like like a rocket like
if you were to take like squeeze a coke
bottle and the cap just flies off poop
just shot that's always but just one
little one little single turn just went
and just shot right out one torpedo just
came right out anyway so that was my
morning story she's staring at something
people on bikes another beautiful day
look at this guys you can be proud you
can be proud look look at this putt so
she got her shoes yeah go in the ocean
you got a crisp them you know we're at
she wants to come on please don't please
don't
your buddies worried about you well it
gets deep rape boogie-board
take a break
that's Marley's puke-face you get a puke
hey hot marble do you come here often
I'm a big hello that was a Futurama
where they had the hired beach beach boy
there let me help you need a little bit
on here this is dirt yeah
now you have to go in the water are you
kidding me marlis exfoliating - Marley
the dinosaur this is the obstacles like
this oh that opens closes mouth and
she's a Marley but
good job
friend
I was a really good fish man though
so he's like nope oh my god you're so
cute are you just coming out on your own
we give 0-0 crap right there people are
walking by taking photos there she's
making a little more difficult all right
all done wait alligators I forgot her
shoes so she's using poop bags hopefully
without poop shoes they're getting ready
to go to a race game first thing that I
love more than anything is a cold drink
right after a really stinking hot shower
I just need a drink to drink and the
second thing I love I always used to
watch my dad drink out of the jug when I
was a little kid my mom always yelled at
him and he always she should turn in
laugh at me and smile because he knew he
was in trouble it's giving like a
straight face you serious with that
thing on your head it's like that but
that's seriously a story like of my
childhood like my dad always used to
drink out of the jug and he would give
me some my mom would be like what are
you doing when I write get the chance
whenever it's the end of something I
drink out of the jug I wouldn't tell
mommy I just farted
we're getting ready to go to the race
game right now and yeah I think you're
playing truant oh so we're just gonna
pre-gaming right now super sandwich slam
who knew playing as a ping-pong with a
sandwich there we go there we go there
we go
summer summer slam
I gotta say Thank You rays for hooking
us up right here this is a nice little
place to watch the game let's see how
loud we can be no
no we're doing the Bauhaus no bells
Thank You bells down there so what was a
day 1 2009 anyone leading his vlog
started here at we were at a race game
yeah we're back so what do you think
they're talking about huh
first batter home run it's pretty
intense game guys
Joe what do you think this is nice this
is a good view they need to shut up over
there we're gonna watch the game I gotta
get a hometown hometown hat now which
one to go snake which one over Irish one
for sure the Irish one
oh of course man a second be an American
out of here yeah see if you can put it
all in there actually fits you get the
good thing about these you don't
understand Java so you can put them up
backwards and upside down what do you
think guys could pull this I feel like
that mean character you know the guy
with a hat the waiting for thought I
think oh nice hi we're on a mission we
need to find a corn dog I've been
craving corn dogs for the past two days
so I have to find one victorious snake
house how you like that corn dog it's
the best corn dog ever have my left so
my corn dog you ever had you got sure
all of Katies showing of the tactics
yeah you got to drizzle that with
ketchup
ball game
Gauhar not working what's wrong with my
count and just too good
- good like a child like a big smile
long day long busy day today you know
like when you're in the Sun for a long
time it just like makes you super tired
not a busy day a lot of driving actually
- oh wait you got a pill so I will see
you guys tomorrow
uh you know what pretty the secret
phrase today since we got the seesnake
today just go in the comments cuz you
know we haven't seen snake in a while so
so he knows yes still you still miss
them so I'll see you guys tomorrow
yes
with trippy
- it with trippy and Harry don't forget
to
