you know it's been a few months now
let's see if I can do anything with my
hair see if it's long enough
have you used this in like three months
hey boo - boo - spike it all now you can
be policing us I'm 41
did you do did it dude yeah I got a
little bit more time the cool thing is
though like once once I actually can
spike my hair back up or do something
with my hair look he came to this car
anymore
I mean you can but not really that's a
plus
coming up how about
whoa like eating dirt
oh my god you guys it's Charles - stop
looking her again oh no wait that's
Cheerios remember that you remember the
heaven no more - that's an actual dog
how creepy would that be we gave our
dogs a dog toy that's carnivore like
they're not part of our Campbell ISM mmm
something with a seat I don't know
just proves that you never guys never
grow up don't fall over actually it
would be funny if you do do it
we can't come Bally's favorite place and
not get oh yeah smorgasbord this time
well do not assume this beautiful ever
we get to see the Swedish ah the Swedish
it's
we take it down had a lot of coffee and
we were in Sweden you saw the guy Kia
would you like to buy a pack of 20
dragons I want to try it you can store
in a drawer 20 dragons in a drawer
pretty sweet I think amazing as you can
see I've been wearing my glasses because
I haven't been able to find them because
Little Miss over there
Little Miss emo has been stealing them
and I didn't know where they were but I
haven't worn them so long like you guys
what's the most prescription I'll show
you this is through them this is all of
them is this see I was like a little bit
of a magnify it does anyone have my
prescription is Charles vision drink
eyes vision for the province haven't
been where I'm a long time I feel like I
have blind spots like these bars and
stuff I need to start wearing my glasses
more I'm blind as a bat and I'm stubborn
you guys know that I'm gonna hide from
everyone
there no one's gonna see
they don't care do that get Marley a
little rap for the rap Terry onus what
was that no but it's like a leaf
Thumbelina no the one that's kind of
like the avatar
what avatar ripped off the Fern Gully
that's it yeah
this just screams Marley gonna pee on
everything
Marley pee on it cat would probably just
hear this this like a weird iPhone or
something I love what is this is it like
a cell phone
do I talk on it thank you sir but these
are a lot better for that that would
spend more yeah these just like go there
a lot but then you can do like 360s and
everything that's seven years bad luck
if you break it
I want to do I want to be a boat did
they collect bobsledding curling with
Ali as close to hitting that fence as
possible
never resist one of these never do it he
resisted squinty
hey squirrel dog get out of the tree
you're not supposed to be up there
chasing the squirrels always chasing
score look at her okay I'm trying not to
scare this lizard this link this thing
is shedding and it's eating its own dead
skin as it's coming off its body I don't
know if you can even see it anymore it
might be done now
but it was like eating an entire half of
its body that was the freakiest thing
I've ever seen you are a crazy little
lizard man things are weird
it's a dino come on dog faces we've been
living here since November it's time to
use our own pool we just went back home
I'm gonna do it okay so I feel like the
only way I'm gonna want to do this is it
drop you guys in and there we go save
you so would you stop it try the water
Oh
you've been here over there I'm gonna
try to get her to come out of this
stairs we're trying to show her that she
can use this little ladder thing idea
because they're actually steps in the
water but she's just panicking and she
won't do it she's not even trying go
guys go go guys go it's a race Zoe Zoe
Zoe the good swimmer yeah with my
impression of Zoe now she doesn't use
her back legs so she goes she just
floats she's a badass yeah exactly
Zoe you look so stoic
one of the things we actually have to do
is redo the bottom of the pool because
it's got all these like little one day
we should do it make it look cool one
two three
Oh careful and everyone's playing so you
guys to come back show me what you got
that's so sweet of you you brought me a
big old candy cane hi sister we're
supposed to be going out and getting a
drink with a couple people but she
changed in her comfortable clothes get
back into your clothes Missy I'm a cook
you are right there is that it where is
it I lost it there it is dude he's like
don't do that don't do that it makes my
leg go okay don't do that guys what Zoe
do you have your very own blanket like
your sister what the hell are you oh
well I thought you had a magic blanket
that I guess not
would you watch your babe
they watching showing Conrad deuk-gu at
Sean Connery shop short what good pencil
remember burner phone no Vera Shankara
you look like a chipmunk eating a twig
why I was trained to hold the pencil my
mouth so I took like this
we wait
worse yet sexy
with trippy
it would be an alley don't forget Zoey
Marley
