well hi you look like you're thoroughly
enjoying yourself
and of course Marley has to come to ruin
that sorry she's not sorry good morning
guys good morning New York City oh boy
we got trying to go to Shake Shack and
here's the line still going and no that
is not for a roller coaster wait have
you seen it shorter than this what I
don't know Ali last time Ali was in New
York she went here and she told me that
I have to come here but I have never
seen a line like this this is crazy
there better be like a roller coaster or
some teacups or something at the end of
this then I was also wondering look how
small this building is like that big a
big and there's Danny's mom's favorite
building
well we've moved about 15 feet
now play a game called Charles patience
right he actually gets a burger today
better a veggie burger
because they get it from
what could this be
oh yeah that's all yeah it's good one oh
you get it there we go yeah that looks
like a dog a dog with many chins they
have a dog minute the menu of so close
then one hour later we finally get it
this bird has no fear
you feelin it looking for a bathroom um
excuse me ma'am you cannot belong up
here you're a good girl you wait you're
supposed to be Thank You Zoe she's not
supposed to be up there but she never
listens to me what excuse me now she's
looking for food she does that every
time if she smells even any little bit
of food that's been dropped
booster but so I'm going to the beach
with Jessie and I'm so excited cuz it is
just gorgeous out today so we're gonna
go get some Sun maybe swim around for a
little bit and maybe get some daiquiris
I don't know we'll see where the day
takes us I just saw an Acura NSX with my
mom's absolute favorite car it's so cool
I think they actually just released like
I heard they're going to release 2012
one I don't know if it's actually out
yet but is awesome those cars are so
sick and that lady was like she had to
be like 75 years old that was crazy but
she was driving that car we've been
trying to get a cab for like 10 minutes
like every one of these every one of
these are completely off duty like
there's got to be something we don't
know we had to of course go to the
motherland the homeland if you will
because actually there it is right there
I'll stop talking on the show if you
guys they've changed it now it's like
what 3 6 9 12 15 panels of glass
it's cool the motherland National
Monument I think it is what was it you
that was telling me that this suppose
like geotag location on like tumblr it's
so crazy
all you pc fans probably hate me now but
that's okay pretty cool I think this
goes on one of the saddest things on our
adventures that we always do in these
vlogs here that we've ever done we just
painted tent was a $10 for a cab ride to
the Apple Store just take a photo and
now rush back to get back for the show
in our defense we tried to go real
Central Park yeah we're trying to do it
but now we have the shows that like we
have to be there for 15 and it's 355 so
pay 10 bucks to go take a picture of the
Apple Store didn't get to go in the
Apple Store so Wow
Jesse's being adorable and riding her
momma message because we're leaving her
before she gets back what are you gonna
say nope three
be ok we'll find it out a little bit
more and there's an I love Monsters Inc
well she's definitely proving to be an
interesting that's the evening my belt
broke so we're walking to the studio
where we have to do this live show and
we lost
whoever up is right down up bitches in
the bike going now Travis is driving
when you hear this song it means it's
time to go
basically what happens is we're doing
this acoustically we have to like
transpose everything so we're all
learning how to how to play the songs in
about an hour a totally different way a
totally different to me Danny I'll get
there we go finished product does it
look like very kind it does right all
right check out this bathroom and I'll
mean bathrooms okay so this is how you
get in this giant padlock right then
once you're in you know what you don't
want to be walking in while you're
fluent or something like that this is
what you get this makeshift with this
truth I just decided to walk on top of
the roof awesome view holy crap I can't
step on it ah good evening New York City
oh my god it's John Stamos
don't do it goalie don't do it
we have to play in 20 minutes wow that's
like vertigo right there yeah what are
you doing there Yoshi not smoking a
cigarette I hope by Yoshi's birthday we
will make him stop smoking that is our
goal
oh my gosh I can't even explain how
happy I am right now
are you excited you're at square one it
is great it's delicious I'm gonna have
some fried pickle chips
what is that's beer soup cheese soup
that is where is he one thing
let me know the good this doesn't taste
like
by its scoots last show as tour manager
for we the Kings last day the last day
so everyone needs to go say bye to
Louise scoot he'll be around no don't
cry or anything
stop crying he's crying so it's our last
night here
like I said scooter is leaving he's
going to go back to schools to be doing
other things and I think Duncan actually
is going to be coming out from work
towards stuff like that so it's really
sad to see him go
but you know what it's just like you're
barely left you know you have to do you
have to do things do you want I mean so
we gotta totally respect scooter make
sure to say bye you love them and all
that fun stuff and you know maybe you
know hopefully everything works out
he'll he'll be that okay
that's a hefty drop
kind of pretty though
all right you guys I'm gonna hit the hay
I'm really excited because Charles comes
home tomorrow so I get to go pick him up
from the airport
yes it was pretty fun it was nice to go
to the beach but I feel really bad so we
didn't take the pups anywhere so maybe
we'll go play tomorrow thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you
tomorrow
love you honey good night all right so
it's our last night here in New York and
then we're heading back home for a nice
little what do we get like a week off Oh
until the 25th and Washington yeah so
Yoshi and I are taking a nice little
actually it's midnight midnight stroll
right here through New York City Oh fun
again fights jernegan fights you know
baby well definitely bummed that we
didn't get to go do a little more
sightseeing like we usually get to do
but you know we were out here so quickly
you know comfortable just basically we
have to come back darn it we're gonna
have to come back to New York City
maybes made more of you guys drat
so I will see you guys tomorrow and
here's the secret phrase there's
actually a secret question it's not a
secret coming to tell you you know they
always say the Big Apple New York City
the Big Apple I want you guys to tell me
in the comments we'll cut what was it
the McIntosh Apple is a granny smith
apples is this a Red Delicious apple
I've always wondered that which Apple is
it for me it would be a Granny Smith
because that's the best Apple is it
grateful I don't know kind of a weird
question
I know I'm really tired but I will see
you guys tomorrow you know
it's a waiter
where's baby at sexy
which are tripping
where
would be an ally
