and we're off take it in guys we're even
the sand dune we're still not sure what
we're doing first and then that all we
do for corner that's going to be our
breaking point as to where we go next
I could be wrong with that alligator
looks like you dabbing funny because it
seems like now we're going down now so
today's plan don't really have a plan
it's structured so what we were
originally going to do is we're turning
around Utah but this is what we're
looking at now let me show you you get
my trusty old cool man all right well we
only need this side of the country
anymore we're done with that right here
yesterday or driving from right now the
Great Sand Dunes so we're going to go
right over here to the fourth the four
corner monument you know obviously all
four states intersect right here in this
corner and then we're going to probably
go down here to this crazy little red
stop slash RV park all shape and
everything's designed like Flintstones
and bedrock which is right next to the
Grand Canyon so then what we could do is
actually it's not there it's right here
then that what we can do is to swing
over to the Grand Canyon
hopefully tomorrow swing up here then
Zion Valley of Fire then into Canada
then back out here that's kind of our
idea it's kind of funny as I keep going
like this
it's my ear or my nose or something I
still have stand in different areas of
Pataki I don't think it's ever going to
come out if no idea won't talk about go
watch every video Al and I stand board
it for the first time down the dune fun
but I think
kids understand then I'm playing at the
picket at the Florida and then going
Ally just rode nine miles down a little
really likes it down a mountain and too
scared crapless like or now you have to
prove much is that so I have to put down
I totally need Zoe you hang out now
sorry I know Derek just too quick holy
crap
now he's been making a video for a
channel the do's and don'ts of traveling
an RV so you have to check that out in
learning experiences I should say not a
reality
assessment part one will be on our
Channel two
dresser mountain
that'll break your friend to be gentle
so we brought a blanket with us Durango
right now elevation
or 6000 but you know my back
we are on our way over to four corners
right now and let on the way we had a
little bit of a slight fatality before I
get the mattock and I'll show you Oh
GoPro so guys guess we're next stop is
haha sure how somehow think I shot it or
something get a new GoPro will probably
did like a gimbal so we can do some
really cool cooler cinematic stuff so
look where we're at and guess we're at
we find one in the middle know where you
planned on this yeah
I was I get through the burgers like eh
we just go to best my Vespa I think you
game plan we receive we can do is follow
along boy will go to do is all one day I
am having high hopes I think we can do
it alright let's go
generator off simple shoot all runways
buckle around Akiko I'll bless you I
love you guys do that there go like this
but there is a ministry mini tornado
blowing across the street right now that
was frickin crazy
I saw it on my glasses on the trolls of
that 22 they provided no we thought
crossing the road oh sorry guys hey it's
okay
no we're in tornado it's so funny
has anyone else done this before I don't
know why abundance of money
with two four corners right now oh my
long drive we haven't had one these long
drives a while so it's got a kind of
blocks or will I will we thought tornado
I hope that showed up on camera right is
those like at 10:28 I was like one of
those wins by clone things so in would
know what that big giant castle mountain
looking thing is you're you expect to go
right now sorry I don't have the cable
working on this film so what's jela and
even with no
Wow
go close to the four corners we have
just made it to the four corners
the dogs are shown in the AC we are not
so for those who have no idea what this
is this is where New Mexico Utah Arizona
and Colorado all meet four corners at
the corner of each state it's very
interesting but it's also kind of one of
the very odd you have to get out right
but I'm thinking it's gonna be kind of
like the south so I'm thinking to be the
most southern point of the United States
like in Key West
it'll be gold buoy so I think it's going
to be
so we just stopped at the four corners
which is right here I was in Arizona and
Utah
Tarzan New Mexico and Colorado great
that we can be in four different states
in such a short amount of time this
might be the shortest trip to four
states that we've ever had in our entire
life it's so funny it's like in the
middle and look at me flying all evil is
good yeah it's kind of crazy like all
these people waiting just this ting I'm
just like one particular spot which is
kind of cool you know what the funniest
part is we waiting online I had two
things ready for the shot anything head
can work I didn't know how to do it I
just said like this like what I do it
won't turn
doesn't matter turned out really cool
now we are off to our next stop where it
is better onna bedrock or beer meter do
don't know in our timeframe so and
depending on that storm - so we'll
figure it out along the way right there
oh yeah
this is nothing like the Grand Canyon
but it's kind of getting me warmed up a
little bit just to see like this is
nothing I feel like it flies the drone
over here blindfolded all rights hot
let's get the wiggle worm to hanging out
of that AC because it's not very good
out here
enjoying it yeah let's do you there in
like 70 degree weather we're out here in
100 of your weather that's fair it's so
funny these guys have no idea really how
to deal with this desert situation Cindy
I cactus like they keep peeing on
cactuses and it's trying to figure out
what to do there's no grass I know I'm
trying to find a little bit of grass
there is Oh silver gas and I looked over
and I started cracking up seven to
eleven what are you doing back there
just chillin back in the back at your
own bedroom
that you're sharing anything thought the
rabbits actually running - sometimes
when we came in together the rabbit
underneath a picnic lunch him and right
here they went under - that one I love
you guys can see it's pretty dark all
you go to bed a little early because see
we all lost her mind Ali I think lost
her mind just went around to Mexico is a
long drive it was super freaking long
drive at any rate that was a long one we
had somebody stop who the pretty one
towards the end we get to the Great Dane
holiday you know was the most insane
Paris the terrain changing you probably
notice that in the videos like in a
time-lapse beginning ones we're very
lush and green and then towards the end
it was like brown sandy and then I got
very blush again and like very tranquil
pretty it doesn't make sense to probably
doesn't so we're here in the Grand
Canyon we decided to stay a little
longer than normal here got the Wi-Fi
password so we're all set I will see you
guys Karl zealots have a great night bye
guys
don't possess quick command everybody is
prepared and ones in my life
