yeah suitcase packed get the backpack
packed I got the Charles PAC got the
shoes on I'm ever getting Oh toothbrush
come on guys so Sally up yeah he's up
kind of she's in Sami Holly mode
stumbling everywhere it's like you're
drunk you stuck how'd you get under
there hey morning dudes I'm glad you're
taking over my bed now oh you little
punks oh you see reflections is that
what's going on don't get used to this
okay boy so like it was briefly
mentioning i'm heading to New York City
for today and then tomorrow and then I'm
just back saturday today we have an
acoustic show remember that thing we
were doing in Brazil with people whiskey
we're doing an acoustic performance in
Macy's and in New York City today today
and then tomorrow we're gonna be doing
this webcast type of thing which is kind
of cool so yeah so it's both acoustic
shows he's gonna be my first acoustic
shows full day acoustic show so we're
flying out doing that coming back home
for another week or so then Washington
and then Malaysia Indonesia and
Australia in the Warped Tour so that's
good be it's gonna be it let me interest
it's good it's gonna be interesting
who's that family guy it's good yep then
novel you've been working on and we are
here countries except dude
so you get all this extra room I can go
all the way back now
d clear your mobile phones and other
electronic devices and now we wait we
have a three hour layover so I guess
that's a good kind of pass out so I will
see you in a bit what better way to
start today the shilling for some old
school and safety Oh haro haro decided
to join my madre for lunch today and she
pointed out that she loves my manicure
to her surprise I explained that I only
have one hand painted because i usually
get really distracted halfway through
painting my nails and I saw a shiny
something shiny well my nail polish is
shiny but I guess it wasn't training
enough I wasn't as shiny as a beer
can't see my shifty eyes on us I'm
sitting here going like this find my
sunglasses in there like no big they
can't see any of that so what do you
what do you have there pick it up again
so makes that adorable noise oh ok it's
ok now you know you put them down I
thought he's gonna be out it's like the
tiniest little voice you've ever heard
this guy's looking out the basket like
wine look at all those on I can't stand
ok so mean you're feisty huh look at him
he's crazy actually the mom was
attacking them on a little bit like
putting him in line a little bit oh oh
my goodness interest miss Casey hey
buddy oh ah like I'm so high up right
now I can't do this I have to leave cuz
i'm gonna take small oh my god is
anything cuter than just ol boy you're
very good want to be in Australia prison
it smells like dogs oh my god I like it
oh look all the kiddies they're so cute
I can't stand it oh I want to know the
cat wanna dog I want everything I want a
bird or lizard on mica wanna man can I
get it no
is what I said
there's the city
and the world's fair thing for men in
black uh New York I missed you hey Yoshi
place a few times that you're going to
see Yoshi in a hat and that is beanie
looks like it's like hey sporty
wonderfully can chill pops thank you
wanna do ninja turtles Casey Jones he
was better he was
getting really good with these bag
tricks the 360's da-dun da-dun da-dun
tahiz kick that's a new baby watch goes
yeah oh wow that's beautiful that's all
right yeah man what's okay this is what
it looks like now so we'll check in in
about a month golly can you say you've
ever played at a department store before
first promise Ron I've had a lot of
wacky place it's pretty cool though this
is I guess department stores is he dog
right right this is the place and our
faces are everywhere so it's kind of
cool huh this is the front fight thugs
like that yeah blah blah blah finished
video so funny is like reliving it was
it two months ago I ask you hunter
you're the cop the park ranger I've
never seen a phone do that by smashing
it on things I'm like oh yeah it's gonna
work it work it couldn't bed bug fixing
Oh me smashing the table that's the new
iphone feature guys that's kind of cool
actually check it out guys so is that we
turn to pick turn the page wash our
hands JJ help me out hold that it's like
reading rainbow dude is some photos
there we go and there's Maytag thank you
JJ welcome I'm behind the scenes of the
biggest department store and the United
yep I'm here come to macys right now i'm
totally not supposed to barracks
sneaking around even though i had a
chaperone bush I'm not to show you that
it's cooler that way think we just had a
flood a little bit higher guys guys doin
your pants for your guys dorney pits
Oh
look it's ledee now she's leaving so
wait all those
Jeff where would you you guys okay
hunters in front of hunter Danny news in
front Danny go you're sitting front of
ledee I'm going to have a game who's
gonna have the least amount of sharpie
at the end of the day from signing our
lease by goalie is going to be you are
you coming together so far none Daniel
see you so far not bad if they're all Oh
sabotage let's have a tough yo so this
is a those things that came off the
shirts were like it beep SI to walk out
trash back there baby okay i had his
machine that Ali and I had a kid like we
had a son right and for the entire like
nine months we were like thinking of a
name trying to think of a name and then
we just could never think of a name for
it was so puckett so he was born
everyone kept asking for you know his
name stuff like that we didn't have it
so we just called him untitled we just
then I thought about it again and i was
like thinking like all right I've been
on the internet quite helps not just
talking about my son no I had it I had a
dream that I had I didn't I had a kid a
son and I didn't know what the name is
so I your name
it was like the band's back in the day
oh yeah I've got no idea do you guys
sell Charles Trippy self-titled yeah so
what is the weirdest dream that you
remember right now the last room you
remember right now here a PID I knew it
I can see your reflection good at this
getting good it's like you're hey how's
it goin long cept you hello can you talk
yeah how are you yeah your pants well
she wants cat food come on internet
you're not doing your job I'm sorry guys
you're not doing your job no I'm just
trying I'm to warp tour just take a
cigarette smoking so younger kids won't
bite if i buy them they won't I don't
have enough you wrote this one okay you
came home came to your place right right
yeah
all right Zoe let's go you gotta go bye
bye let's go alright so let's go mm-hmm
all right let's cuz I I I think it
didn't work as well because you guys
didn't up you guys didn't see the
beginning part like when I walked in the
house she was off the bed and then as
soon as I said let's go she climbed up
here and just laid right on my god I
hope you're joking Zoe she's laying on
your chest like this is this is it this
is the end that's a that's a pretty good
Do Not Disturb sign anyway I'm gonna go
to bed I love you honey make sure they
went mother being good in today for in
the comments I want you to tell me so
like biggest internet meme name you
could possibly name a kid just like i
like i said untitled like a tree like
troll face would be funny to call your
son like trophies
see what you did
it's coming up yard me wait
hey where's epsxe
giddy with y'all trippin
we feel like
yes with Josephine Harry don't forget
tomorrow
