what's the weather like in New York City
tomorrow okay here's the weather for New
York City New York tomorrow oh it's not
too bad
tomorrow I leave for New York City for
we have two acoustic shows Thursday and
Friday so I just wanted actually looks
nice so today I'm gonna get some clothes
because I lost it all and some shoes
because I'm tired of wearing converse at
the beach I think I left my sandals on
the tour bus when the brain slug creeped
on so I had nobody knew where they went
so time to get some new ones and we got
a stretch over there was just Wilfred he
was here he was on the roof over there I
think he's been pissed cuz he's been
making more of a mess eating our oranges
right there right there right there
right there and right there and up there
squirrel-friends an asshole
we're getting fuel well actually we got
car fuel and every back then we got body
fuel and Ali got a freaking milkshake
what is this cookie things like if I
don't know there's chocolate whipped
cream on it let's just start there she
gets the girliest drink possible now I
get the drink that's the least coffee
yeah it's the most not cops put some
coffee on it you know I like some photo
sharing sites like Instagram stuff you
have to do the stupid little box what
we'll use some rectangular you can't
really do it so you have to like do this
make the image nice and small right
we'll have a way to do it
I didn't work I think it's future yeah
okay now it's gonna be small oh wait
see now it's all small what I was trying
to think a screenshot was okay by
Braille recently because we've been
flying so much like you know all over
the Europe and stuff for the tour's I
recently became Diamond on Delta which
is pretty pretty awesome right I just I
just beat the other guys just barely
right so we're gonna get it soon but I
just want to show you basically our
frequent flyer numbers work on Danny and
my itinerary so this is what I wrote
that's Danny and then that's what I
wrote and that's what I wrote and then
that's my response I have no idea who
was created like all these meme faces I
know like who is the first guy who did
the troll face the problem face like who
draws these because they're they're so
crappy but they're so detailed what is
it is it cool things or is a troll face
and that's his response back there like
better than emoticons I don't know
because when every time I see them
they're so poorly drawn you know what I
mean they're just that I whistle what I
was saying self but they're so poorly
drawn but they're so detailed not
they're like one of my favorite things
on the Internet
and my response and it keeps going look
at that ring
you're not even doing the which you like
the old man is definitely snoring
see this is the hazards of getting a
cookie in a drink we got a cook we got a
little cookie stuck in there you guys I
can't see it
my god got my birth here on it lose it
yeah I like it cause it sounds devious
scumbags were you born 1989 yeah thank
you really are you actually I marry I
never done what you want is that he said
brief moment but that brief moment or is
he like Andrew the foot model Joe
doesn't have a head
what sounds like I know him I know those
are very to see feet very distinct do it
sexy clothes dance
don't worry Callaway let me fill me in
the beer this looks cool - Charles is
there better than one
this is so weird it's an entire wall of
Tampa Bay hats there's an Orioles color
and Braves color and no Tampa Bay colors
who is the underwear thing we're trying
to find the American Rag stuff the stuff
we did in Brazil
lynnie there's apparently a display with
the band and it's big Jesus on a handbag
well they didn't have it but look
carefully show you I'm gonna show you
that it actually exists a bunch of you
guys actually send me photos here hold
on
all right there's poster number one see
and then wait where is it that way and
poster number two see it does exist
oh well manatee but rain rain go away
come again another day because tomorrow
I'll be in the airplane and Ally I have
to deal with the rain actually well it's
trying to go beyond that but I couldn't
all right we got some green slime we got
some I forgot what they all are now I
got a slide oh yeah look at if you were
to look at Ali's cup they wrote on it
what it is what do you think they wrote
on my wife's wait you can only drink
this if you make a slut face
the worst thing about getting so many
hot sauces is the one when you forget
which ones the the Black Death try it
you can figure out what was worse danger
go for it Rachel go for it Zoe just did
a pretty awesome thing a double take she
was like walking out she was just
walking out and it's just like wait was
that what was it what oh you found
another one she keeps fighting toys
hidden Ellie's suitcase she's just found
listen I guess you got another one here
you go you got that one
what'd you find here you go good good
job a plate ugh okay I don't know that
oh by the way look I got a new awesome
hat I got a White Sox hat I lost my old
one a long time ago so I decided you
know what I should get another one
support it they didn't actually have you
know what's really funny about hats
nowadays is that they don't have like
our ally show and they don't have just
normal team colors anymore oh well my
gangsta hat
oh where oh where can my wife be hi guys
is everyone just playing this weird game
still what's the noise didn't work last
night either was like don't you dare
fart on your like honey honey honey it's
coming it's coming and that was an on
camera but it was the funniest thing
ever
what what your head's way too tiny
and now the tedious process of unpacking
unpacking before I can pack it that was
so lazy when I came back from Europe
that I didn't really I just threw
everything I literally this has not
moved the suitcases haven't moved I just
threw it I was like you know what screw
it I don't want to do it makes just
haven't gotten around so now I have to I
have to unpack before I pack yay so Ally
I finally stopped playing video games
that I was winning I went to my office
and I heard some ruckus and like listen
to this look it they apparently have
their own new entire room stop playing
video games
got a big one oh and I got a big one
here oh you keep letting go every time I
go to film a jerk okay you're so bad at
that you asked me I'll get you one don't
take mine that's a big toilet mister
species ality all right well it's time
to go to bed I have an early flight say
goodnight to the Internet good night in
didn't I have some of that no you ate it
all
since YouTube subscription box has been
pretty much broken for everybody you may
have missed the montage video from year
three that we posted a couple days ago
click right here check it out if you
already seen it go watch it again it's
even cooler the second time or third
time around so I will see you guys
tomorrow
good night enjoy the montage and be safe
psst
giddy with y'all trippin
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
