what you're looking at though you know
the door is open right here so if you
just want to move over you don't have to
be staring at glass hey you Turkey go
over there
I opened it so you can go over there so
I endured a trip to my least favorite
place in the world because I love my
brother what'd you get well I'm gonna
I'm not gonna tell you the secret oh
just reveal it through the bag secrets
in the bag
secrets in the bag sub dogface dripping
all over we are going to try to build
something he has an idea we're gonna
build like a ramp so the dogs can go
from side to side they get Lauren and
Dennis's house because right now they
just go over here and then they turn
around because they don't have any place
to go
so we're gonna do an attachment slide
for something I don't duel panting
action dun dun dun dun dun dun I may
have found the ideal time to hit the
grocery store like
maybe two o'clock on weekdays people are
still work so I don't have to deal with
a lot of people plus the shelves are all
fully stocked two little things in life
guys getting excited about a trip to the
grocery store as well it's all about
gotta restock on the dog treats I hope
they like that kind I decided to
surprise them honestly they probably
don't even taste it they swallow the
thing whole anyway so they probably
won't know the difference
I know I shouldn't be feeding his
addiction but I decided to be nice and
get in trials though I just noticed
something quite funny in my car were my
two copies from the last couple of days
and every single thing in my car right
it's a deaf guy photography I don't feel
like I can do it as well as he can are
you cleaning up the disaster area yeah
they destroyed the little dragon had a
bean we've been finding these little
tiny little beads I guess I think it was
Luca
I think Luca GUP I think this is gonna
we're gonna call this the graveyard from
now on acting all innocent innocent I
found more of those beads they're all in
here just imagine oh nice very mature
Hey
I'm what my nipples none shall tell
annoying
would be the Akula something like this I
would scare us and just do I don't know
like there's like not an equivalent of a
vacuum for us
seriously you know what the best thing
about the situation is you're playing it
on this contraption this whatever this
thing is this boxy thing that's
projecting images that probably weighs
15,000 pounds what do you call this is
this is this something that the Internet
may have killed a long time ago this
print kind of like a lazy day and since
my wife has a video game issue or
addiction
we're gonna go Chloe should I ride this
bike sure like flames like I'm a big
daddy bike I'm gonna put the GoPro on
the bike so that way you guys can shared
since today if you look up you notice
what day it is right there
you notice it's 11:11 it's a special day
it's time to spend time with your family
all right now we gotta get this GoPro
attached motherfucker
I mean now absolutely hate it when I'm
working with tools the few times I
actually do work with tools and then you
like drop a nut or a screw and then you
can't find it and then you pretty much
have to just give up on what you're
doing speaking of which I lost my nuts
dude I know I'm ready to go - lets go
you have a problem it's time to go you
two you're perpetuating this come on
Rocky shape you up
did you really got a P quicker
everyone's leaving me come on that's
behind come on there's a bird right
there let me go get the bird safety
first
pant leg up I see your license plate
guess what
look at the look at the title but the
day it is right above here right above
your head it's floating on your head
it's day 11 11 everyone everyone make a
wish everyone one three three seven
that's it's another year we have one
more year till elites but with today's
eleven eleven so everyone make a wish in
the comments it's okay we're gonna make
an exception you can you can tell us the
fact if you tell us maybe it'll come
true even more because apparently like
when you go tell somebody your wishes
never come true it's lame
look at Ali drinks after working out
chocolate milk
my dad that's just that's as bad as you
who being a sponsor that warped or they
used to be the sponsor of Warped Tour so
be like free yoohoo for everyone
everyone was drinking this throw up
everywhere okay you should do this you
should get some chocolate wine right
there it's adult adult chocolate milk
killing Diablos yeah bunch of Diablos
biz may obviously and the surgery first
office was all everyone's take a gander
of my almost full head of hair over here
what a couple but a month ago we had
that bet I'm not like trying to figure
out how much that surgery cost like the
whole Price is Right rules and I've been
getting different uh you know like bills
from all over the place I didn't some of
these doctors I'm like wait I don't I
had no idea who this doctor is and I
just got the big one okay so I mean
they've been like 15,000 20,000 5,000 a
couple hundred this is the big one look
at this one 64,000 dollars that's by far
the biggest one we haven't added it all
up yet like I shouldn't have to pay
nearly any of this because I have health
insurance I'm very fortunate I have it
I'm gonna say so far hopefully you guys
will do it again right now in the
comments Price is Right rules how much
do you think the surgeries uh actually
cost I think it's gonna at least at
least hit six figures I don't know it's
crazy crazy look at this the operating
room service itself twenty seven
thousand dollars so that's just an
update we still haven't got a grand
total yet of what it would cost and all
that fun stuff a grand grant up I'm so
punny you're plenty to do
