intro hey guys I don't know I'm just
kind of losing it I wake up so early now
I woke up at 8 o'clock in the morning
I'm still jet-lagged I woke up so early
now I'm I'm losing my mind again but
before I start running for the day I
just want to let you guys know that we
have a CTFxC 3-year montage made by one
of you guys the link is right there you
can see it right there you can check
that out or you can wait to the end of
the video and then obviously I'll put
there but it's wanted to tell you in El
Cajon really excited there were so many
montages that obviously we can pick
every one and upload all of them so what
I did on that video if you look in the
video description I made a playlist of
all the ones that I've seen and if I did
yours isn't in there just replied me on
Twitter and I'll try to put it in there
make sure you go check it out it's
really awesome awesome to watch these
things again and kinda relive all the
the year now what you do in a year you
own I mean you forget the little things
that you do so I want to thank you for
all your hard work on the montages you
guys did a great job I watched every
single one of them and it was just
really awesome because everyone had
different perspectives of what their
favorite moments were and it was awesome
gonna go running out making friends at
Starbucks a demise oh I just had a great
idea girls keep up the cuteness and
maybe I'll get free coffee sound good
but maybe we'll get dog treats out of it
I don't know or something you can have
poop you'll get dogs you get a pope and
you got one got two we've got three
we're missing over there all right we
can't one two three okay we're good five
five barley getting underneath I what's
up with your eyeball I think it's the
last thing you ever need
be Marley Zelly share some coffee how'd
you slip under her we found a new place
you are we had everyone there a good one
all right there we go go into a
different type of Beach this time we got
a nice little dog beach going
Lucas christening it already all right
cool they literally just block
everything off yeah wait this is the
first time that ever run in waves
I think Zoey wasn't waves when she was
little that was about it
Marley on the other hand it's not a fan
she did it
all right come on let's go we're both
going out there we're both going out
since you can catch a wave
she's doing it out
do it you do it what a spaz well he's
getting smart she's waiting for the
waves that die down and then she just
dives right through she's all the way
out there I bring her back in an inning
inning inning inning inning in it here's
a big one I don't care what anyone says
this is a freaking adorable thing this
is like really awesome because I think
the last time Zoey was at a beach with
actual waves like an actual Beatles
would shoot a little and she had that
photo with our link nose in there and
Molly never been into a wave - the way
the ocean hey all right
you think break I think I've discovered
key if I get Zoey in the water then
Marley just goes watch this is gonna
happen every time there we go
you go first
go first alright no you gotta go get it
go go see what I mean
hi pop this is correct that plane just
tied pockets hey Houdini
where'd you call her go huh found it
every time and she resigns don't want to
swim anymore
everyone's
the second alley got out of the water
Marley just like side dudes come on this
is let's go fight that was another fine
get out of there Riley hey get out of
there hey what happened get kicked in
the face by Annie simultaneous how's
this one got a life ring no papi all
right he's ready to go swimming all
right let me go I'm comfortable here
it's gonna be a long ride all right that
looks awful it looked better the way I
did it and now the aftermath one two
three
or
all down down the road bird thank you
these started walking straight down the
road he's like I'm just gonna chill
right here thank you
Charles fail last night we had a couple
people over just that you know hang out
and substance uh I leave again a couple
days oh you know I was cleaning up just
you know we had some you got some snacks
we've got some beer bottles you know
this is a typical hangout we have
recycling here in Florida and I went
bundle what I went to try to do my part
and look what happened I broke up I
broke another bottle in this hardwood
floors are pretty awesome until you
break something so now I get to play
that game of you know discovering my
feet hopefully not getting a shard of
glass in my face what um there's
something you need hear or some I could
help you with I feel like would you open
the damn door
doggie fun day so I decided to let him
come out and play I went down to my
mom's house to help her my dad finally
is able to move all his junk out of the
living room and into my room or my old
room or whatever so Oh sad gardenia is
dead something about that just does not
seem right I'm a little embarrassed to
admit this but I was just taking a
shower and you know I was washing my
hair one little little bits of hair I
have and all of a sudden a little bit of
shampoo just dripped in my eye I got I
got shampooed my I got soap in my eye
apparently that's still a very real
threat even as an adult it sucks just as
much okay whoa whoa no camera breakage
problem there we go it's my friend
what's your name Nyssa do you have a
YouTube yeah Gert is awesome anything
you like to share with the Internet oh
my god you guys Oh where's it going um
it goes nowhere also apparently the Hulk
can fly cuz he just disappeared whoa
okay well I spoke a little too soon and
I'm an idiot because that totally makes
sense that he's up there anyway
so much better tonight there yeah oh
yeah
wanna see a bird grab a Finch sock oh
look at that he's somehow has a
reception I just try to find Jessi you
know know that since target is a black
hole of reception for all 18 to users I
was not able to I'm really plastic sorry
guys I'm also really hungry cute now
please keep all arms and legs inside the
vehicle and while emotion at all times
what are you doing are you the turn
signal that's right you do not know the
rules of nineteen-twenties driving when
they didn't have turn signals or brake
lights why are you being a mom so it was
my embarrassing moment of the day this
over a long time ago we found a straight
banana found another one Ali went with
Jessie to go get a couple of things and
I went to grocery shopping right I
forgot to put my face on so it looks
like a mistake again shedding and
molting when you ask a guy versus a girl
detailed information about something I
would say she's in this section why I
asked Justin where he was he did this
real help somewhere in that general
direction actually I just damaged
something so I completely forgot usually
trying to take the buzz collars off
before we go in the water or anything
like that just because of the pink it
kind of it kind of dies so I just looked
at Marley and look at this Marley let me
see your neck he's got a little pink
neck going you're trying to you try to
dye your hair pick her neck all right
little rock star when I say free sample
they don't mean put it on everything
Justin put lotion on his cameras you
camera a little dry yeah the lens just a
little ashy okay clean there's no
beautiful I always find nail polish it's
just imperative that a girl gotta get a
nail polish now I'm making up excuses of
why I always buy tons of shades of nail
polish I don't like okay brother
slightly panicking I want I want people
the okay we had these little disk guns
these it's just like that these are like
a hedge if they were foam and had little
holes in the middle and like a spaceship
looking guns yeah I was stupid think we
should buy for these we'll just see
where the night takes us you know we'll
just see what happens so remember two
days ago when I started laundry
condition it's still in the dryer I suck
no one could look cool playing next as
you can see they're getting ready for
drunk gaming season 2 episode 1 that's
all you get that's all you get like a
new dance
it's okay so you can go to bed it's
alright
alright guys well it's time to go to bed
I'm gonna trying to wake up again at
eight o'clock so hopefully I can be
going to bed early and kill this jet lag
before we go to Malaysia and Australia
and then it comes back again it's never
ending but it's awesome anyway make sure
to check out the three year montage the
links down there or it'll be at the end
where the theme song comes on so I will
see you guys tomorrow good night
so yes three years in the bag it's kind
of crazy I think over on your four but
check out the montage video is done by
one you see TMX ears it's an amazing job
you guys
all of them were great but this is the
one that one out of the anonymous judges
so yeah go check it out click it right
here and there also is a playlist of all
the other ones that were pretty amazing
as well so yes click right here go check
out the montage and we live year three
and I guess we just keep it going right
let's be four or five and six seven
eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
forty oh my gosh whatever we did this
for 14 years
wait it's a theme song over with oh all
right I'll see you good bye bye guys
