come on guys go for a walk go come on
you're not even supposed to be up there
come on that's your bed
it's over walk come on let's go let's go
for a walk
he's clearly your dog bad dudes come on
let's go for walk I'll just bribe them
girls and that worked all right we're
gonna go exercise let's go dunt dunt
dunt dunt dunt dunt dunt dunt dunt dunt
dunt dunt dunt dunt dunt didn't it uh-oh
gone do you find another one get some
good eyes there Mar she hasn't even
moved come on
can we go please let's go come on she's
like stop it dude stop it you give it
away of my location
done
look at my car guys a baby lizard it's a
baby dinosaur hey guy you go up I'm
sorry
don't eat me so I cooked some
terrible-looking pancakes for my mom I
rescued a baby dinosaur you guys know
something my grandma totally watching
him smell good no all right it smell
good
yeah no you smell it you smell it you
smell it like it you smell it now did
you get him I got a big dinosaur
Dino see don't eat it
don't jump Marley don't jump I'll give
you a treat if you don't jump possibly
can the Safeway take your pants off when
I was little I always like laughs
maniacally as a kid watching them okay
it's safe guys safe guys no no no abort
abort
okay I think we can go I think we can go
it's all good we can go in you can go in
abort abort
hey it's a it's a flock of seagulls
you got a nice little reclining chair
now look one of those little ocean birds
that was making fun of or hanging out
with the seagulls now it's like a little
sleeper cell he's a spy I feel on are
you gonna lay in that that's exactly
what Marly does
that good
they both suck at it equally good here
donut the cameraman
oh if the sea turtle nest favorite
generals did he come out girlfriend I
guess that he knows that you guys aren't
gonna eat him he's gonna come out more
we're on our way to meet my parents and
I'd lick my forehead I'm feeling like a
snake so I needed to get some aloe I
couldn't keep licking my face the entire
day
I'm melting nice to get away well my sir
you can go I called for backup
there's Ali Russia come find me okay I
see Samba fiying me
hey madre oh hi Melissa
hey text and dad oh there's my dad Texan
Texan II know he's been all gadget dad
he's being what was it Inspector Gadget
mean walking in my new kicks just
walking backwards yeah I got new shoes
yeah these are the wedding ones we just
got to the restaurant my dad found a
anti-zombie defense vehicle just in case
you know the zombie apocalypse comes
that is clever
this is Melissa's joke time we live in a
world where losing your iPhone is more
dramatic here is the other word of the
day Bishop my girlfriend fell down so I
picked that fish up happy Mother's Day
everyone keeps giving me their the
porcinis ulcer so now we are racing home
to get on the live show easy number
three easy what are you doing what are
you doing Annie hey now
Marly that your buddy get out with your
new buddy matching put Marly in her
place hello I represent monkeys
incorporated monkey-dice walks over
Jessie's like hello I represent monkeys
incorporated how are you so I never
thought about how bad of an idea was to
have a dog shoe toyota's on cuz you're
kind of teaching dogs like to eat that
right it's not kind of like a silly idea
for a dog toy
that you have to talk
you have a new best friend over there
yes
without tripping
with Griffin
