so you gotta wear the leash you're done
can we walk no we run now somebody got a
little too lazy the too hot Thank You
Zoe for being able to walk by yourself
it's kind of ridiculous you know that I
guess it's like extra work out though Oh
getting fat Marly
oh it's so freakin hot I wish I could
live in the refrigerator we got one of
those big freezers that are the bottom
so I can't really get into it as easily
so I have to have to make do with
refrigerator oh let's go see what the
the furballs oh please don't talk to me
I'm really really hot where Zoe
how you doing nothing you good
all right another three miles down all
right now because I I just made one of
the horrific things that you guys could
possibly do like when you go into a
refrigerator and like oh this would be
so good I totally want this right now
then you open it the wafting like stench
of four months old month old whatever
food so I have to go through as you can
see it's already pretty barren and just
start throwing Nikes away gross
oh no fruit that's always
yeah that's not good why don't we have
just random tortillas and then hope we
get carrots up you heard Karen didn't
you
you heard carrots there you go carrot
carrot I'll have a carrot our controller
did you bring it to your bed okay yep
two of them there you go
sheeting your stick do that tongue is so
long that bird is totally pissing her
out right now hey so this is just a
random little thing I didn't know if you
guys knew this YouTube recently made
some sort of change to the subscription
box I just want to make sure cuz a lot
of people haven't been getting their
vlogs or our vlogs in your subscription
boxes so here I'm going to show you a
little trick I don't know why YouTube
did this hopefully they'll go back to
the default but this is this is the
trick okay alright so when you guys log
in to your channel you're gonna see this
little of subscription box where it says
show uploads only so what you want to do
is you want to click show uploads only
click it right there and then you want
to go to view and everything the videos
you're subscribed to otherwise it just
like YouTube throws in these highlighted
videos so if you've been missing our
videos and you just happen on this one
make sure to do that go to show show
uploads only and go to everything
YouTube's gonna like switch it back or
anything but you know YouTube they're
always messing around with ideas and
sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't
so I just want to let you guys know one
state with mamase what do you get
something good
or exactly that's the wrong side whoa
supercool arrow Levine Barbie my neck
I'm reliving my childhood and here's her
purse oh my god
this is something that I got from a
grandmother when I was younger and I
used to always be afraid of this
it's a bassinet with a baby in it that's
not the scary part though this is scary
part we just look at like come on focus
the baby's skin is peeling off about her
head could this be any hay be any
creepier and she's got like creepy
crocheted diaper on like forever
hmm what apparently you can add this you
can have this money put it on her yeah
yep you got a monkey on your back she
gets this this is a toy I don't think
she knows you can eat it this there's
more inside it there you go
jerk good
Julie this is Ali in 2000 the nur Denali
is coming out Zoey you're from Wales
yeah
was it Wales or Scotland has all the
sheep thing was Wales you have no thumb
it won't matter it's okay this is for
taking all that really you're already
out who else remembers these guys
I remember having one and then my mom
gets so mad I stopped feeding it she
took over it my mom literally got so mad
that my sister and I stopped feeding our
Tamagotchi she she took both of them put
them in her purse and started feeding
both of them this was literally fun in
1996 right here this is what we looked
at white wood we aspired to get this
that's what we were looking at what's
your 10 year old bathing a bathing suit
wait what is this do you do you put it
in the iPhone you plug it in I think you
need an attachment for that right a $40
iPhone cable for this because it totally
makes sense to go snowboarding in I did
oh and a Walkman
way way technologically advanced it's
old viewfinder slides European was it
the immense Ticketmaster and a few
finder that's a camera Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles look at this guy's
that's shredder
hold on there they are
this is basically furbish English
dictionary AAA means look or see that is
big domo please feed me we that's a real
thing oh yeah it's a real thing look at
my book report oh man unless he
everything's in like three breath
three-ring binders
I was very recognized what happened want
war there's ten year old ally actually I
think I was nine when I talked on a cell
phone
look how big it is so Zack Morris phone
dude is it it's a half your body size
yep that's pretty much your entire body
size right no Justin was like six I
don't want to look at those oh I need
Ravens yeah they can move down can it
please move
and they're gone no don't care batteries
will do that I could make a small snake
and rattle gotta fix his face he lost
his face so uh where do you plug the
component cables for the Xbox this is
what you get for that this I think it's
that old-school spool the 110 is that
one of this what Instagram made themself
famous this how it's a guy made a
billion dollars wait to see it's not
focusing that's cuz you have to take
this oh there is that's crazy
ah sunburn oh sorry okay sexy Sparkle
you're way too excited about this
everything hurts so bad right now baby
ally stuff oh it was just pan over here
in dirty alley stuffer here no butterfly
no okay you're not even got feet over
your arm anniversary dinner he's too
buff I am too strong Thank You Lauren
we're gonna get there first it's gotta
go up here yeah you're whit this is
where it's gonna be yeah this is not
gonna fit me you look like a penis I'm
gonna step into it yeah this is nothing
cool round tips oh there we go they're
good oh he was Tatas was it worth it
Internet was it worth it you look
beautiful honey alright so if you guys
have been wondering where I've been
today I just spent like my entire day
cleaning out everything from my old room
we already moved all the big furniture
and that kind of thing but we had to get
all the little clutter and stuff out so
that my dad can finally use that space
because all of his clutter and stuff
from his business is like all in our
living room and I also just so happened
to find my ps2 and my crash bandicoot
games which I am totally obsessed with
if you guys didn't already know that was
my very first pretty much very first
game that I was really obsessed with
like I'd played a lot of video games
growing up but this is this is a game
that I definitely you know just played
for hours on end it was like one of the
first games that I beat the whole way
through and got all the achievements and
the gems and crystals and all that junk
definitely one of my favorite games of
all time and I just literally spent the
last two hours playing that so sorry I'm
gonna go ahead and just like burn this
now so I don't waste like the rest of my
life playing it you like totally well
well I'm gonna hit the sack I'm gonna
hit the hay I'm gonna hit the hay early
the sunburn is feeling so much better
and do you guys think it's - like when
just before we go to bed just like knock
down the air conditioning - like his
lowest like if I could I could I would
put my air conditioning down to 50
degrees let me stop pacing I will see
you guys tomorrow oh by the way if
you're watching this the 13th May 13th
Sunday Mother's Day at 8 p.m. Eastern
we're gonna do another live show we've
kind of missed the last couple just
because of what was the other when I was
in Finland then I was in France and the
internet was really crappy but I'm home
so we're gonna do a live show I'll put
the link link down there the link is now
missing them that means you missed it
we're gonna try to keep doing them every
Sunday at 8 p.m. Eastern so I will see
you guys at the live show the secret
phrase for tonight it's not really like
a phrase but since you guys got to see a
lot of our old childhood toys like the
Tamagotchi and Barbie and all that stuff
share your most amazing toy that you can
remember as a kid
mine was x-men my favorite one was the
the Colossus and Nightcrawler x-men toys
they were collectors all right good
night guys
wait
where's the exe
with y'all trippin
with trip in early don't forget so
anymore
