morning guys so I look like Zoidberg
Lewis ready already I'll have you say it
ready oh look at that
the Sun bit me I'd hurt so bad I wasn't
even out there that long that already
feels good all right do you guys know
the trick a lot of sunburn you're not
supposed to put aloe on them immediately
you're supposed to give it at least a
day like I just did let some of the heat
just leave you don't want to trap it in
little tips from Floridian although I
don't know if you should be taking tips
for me person who's lived here their
entire life and still get sunburned Kim
and I are reliving our child
we just got manis and pedis check out
our toes also I'm pretty sure my giant
head was blocking her foot catch some
rays baby all this laundry from the past
month
I literally okay for the entire last
tour I I don't know how I did I packed
just the right amount of things the last
day of tour I was on my last pair of
boxers and my last pair of socks I
thought that was pretty impressive I
lucked out just white shirts and
basketball shorts is it too hot thank
you are you - hi there you go
there's popped open just in case okay
here's some coffee for you sorry
you always make me feel bad when I do
that you scare me all the time I'm sorry
you forgive me this is pathetic
the Internet's gonna hate me now I'm
sorry what's going on over here
kind of make so a little bit
so you're gonna lose like 20 pounds
that's so gross make a pile and see how
much we can get it's all convoy we
should we should sell it to some company
like American Apparel so they can make a
new type of sweater
I'm sure the hipsters they buy it it's
also awesome because that means that's
that much hair that I'm not gonna have
to clean up off our floor it's like
spray painting it Banksy nope I don't
tan please don't literally this is
called tan I'm already tan the one place
I should not be right now is the beach
and the one place we decided to go to is
the beach open the door just hit the
button
how is defeated by a button but this
time I got a I got an umbrella so I get
to be the old guy with the umbrella we
went to Anna Maria Island this time
water looks so much cleaner than yes
because there's like this is like a
little secret area we all know so nice
Danny a marker up there and we're
waiting for drafts just like the Mac
fell like on the loading icon' there
it's bad enough I'm like in my umbrella
wait I'm matching with everybody this is
madness my shade I will turn machine
yard but you have a red bathing suit in
a red towel ha he's done
my area it's it's it's it's a giant
whale shark so Joe well it's an asshole
shark grandma with this son brother
because there's my umbrella and
Grandpa's umbrella over there and
there's an asshole seagull right there
just like I'm going to totally die bomb
and poop on your head kid oh yeah you're
gonna shoot me
yeah I'm gonna bring my friends they're
shooting up with food
my Ally's making yourself sharkbait wait
which was Danny I can't tell
well you guys fish you guys know promise
calling me what Wow I'm pretty popular
well I could either pee on it or rub
sand on it which one you want one two
three four
one good do it one yeah you got to
commit to it don't worry I am definitely
wearing sunscreen today I feel like
there was a Mortal Kombat movie wasn't
it the katana Sonya
so Olga taught me all right then one two
okay there we go
I'm teaching a leg all right now there
we go my balls just have it into each
other what the hell age
Bubble Boy look a hair my mouth get
carried away well that's it boy gets it
I also get out of the endangered sea
oats prices are subject to change
according to customers attitude we were
just discussing the menu doesn't this
look like one of those like what are
they called rage faces oh I'll let you
guys got okay screenshot this video and
then does that reply me on Twitter your
own meme using this I'm suffering from
from restaurant remorse right now why
was that well jealous over there she
would replace me Duffy's burgers and get
the chili dog what'd you get the double
burger too him and I are gonna share our
garden burgers Travis is out there on an
interview well there's an extra burger
right here he's not here
oh my gosh I wish I had the camera
running Marlee just Marley caught a
squirrel Marley you actually caught a
squirrel you know their little squirrel
friend
they always comes out he tried to climb
up it he couldn't do it because his
listen
there wasn't much like texture and she
she she poked it she poked it with her
little nose now she has no idea what she
just did she's like um I caught a
squirrel well the good thing is even if
they ever caught a squirrel they would
never hurt it she just wanted it you
just wanted to play with him I think
there's a little squirrel poops
everywhere you scared the crap out of
them dude that is now the second time
you guys have caught a squirrel love our
come here please
he's not under this come on come on bar
Marty I think she's she's not stuck
she's this she's literally recreating
every step he took
wait
worse yet sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
we're CGI
with champion
