so looks like this is how we're gonna
start the day ripping a new toy oh no
this is how you do it let me show you my
mother's like you must share with me get
caught in your mouth
all right continue there are more shoes
oh this is good
teach Marley how to chew on my converse
want that No
hello this you want this dragon get the
dragon how about this dragon well Martha
that dragon hey how about this evil dog
and now time to get rid of this this
beard on my face been like 2 weeks since
I was able to shave basically I lost
this in my suitcase and I just not found
it
should I try to Ali should I try to
paste it back on yeah come here come
here let me put it on your face yeah
it's just beard air just be here they're
not pubes so it looks like it's time to
start wearing the new shoes my pinky toe
is now hanging out right this is what
you call series blowout hey don't do
that he keeps taking it from me
hey not yet save for the beach save for
the beach oh my god
right now that camp came here visiting
for a while barley with her pig nose
talked about high tide that's how deep
it is right now it's almost over
Marley's head this is crazy I've never
seen it like this a little difficult
with all that water huh yeah she's
freaking out a little bit
Marley no Pelican no Pelican Marley
Marley and it looks like Ally's gonna go
swimming again and there she goes yeah
is it an animal so what is that
come on trash dog Captain Planet check
it out man
it's a gorgeous day
so Zoey know what role it's nothing dude
you scared all the fish Ali and Kimber
getting me start about to come hang out
with the bitches in the back can't have
any yeah I guess I could utilize this
time too okay so for the past month
Texas that was the day we went to the
Alamo we ordered that big giant pizza
I'll put a annotation right here to the
video I'm talking about right here but I
took this photo right here I took that
photo right and I uploaded it to my
Twitter and all that stuff over the past
month month and a half person what huh
good jerk for the past month month and a
half it's been viraling it's been on
like every single website from a bombs
to fell FAIL Blog it actually got on the
fail win or without the wind section
it's been completely going all over the
place and i just want to say there's a
lesson in this and that's watermark your
images guys because the photos
everywhere they have no idea who took it
but i just thought it was funny cuz its
viraling got a photo that's my ruling
it's kind of random right all i remember
when i look at that photo though that
was frickin damn good pizza
where was that there's a mesa texas i
remember on a total side note i just
looked in the mirror and it looks like
my face is a little less swollen form
after surgery and all those those
steroids and drugs does it look like
swollen like is my head a wee bit
smaller
ah it's getting that this is a momentous
thing is always going swimming for the
first time in our own pool yeah there's
marley it's backwards
and I also got my douche card from Starr
by God that means I have a problem I'm
officially addicted oh yeah well I
wasn't aware this was a pissing contest
but apparently it is I'd be far further
he had coffee yes so you're wondering
that's what's going on Marley
the second no one could play with him
they're like yeah what play just look at
me let's do this I can't believe I got a
douche card it is time to pull the new
pair of shoes the wedding shoes how long
do you think these are gonna last
probably I just spend another hour if
that's why trying to fix get alleys old
camera fixed and oh I almost just showed
you a bunch of cereal and they're
seriously they were like dumbfounded
they're like uh how many cameras do you
through alleys cameras getting fixed and
I'll fix this one we'll see how long the
new one lasts I'm like dear canon please
send me lots of cameras please love the
CTFxC another life lesson always buy the
warranty yes there's two life lessons
today's vlog that's pretty good Inbal
actually it's really funny just heard a
little girl in the parking lot cuz
everybody in the parking lot but that's
alright come on finished breaking
cameras no I was just trying to explain
that doesn't make any sense like all
these warranty information like doesn't
make any sense
I am never letting him put his hands on
this camera because we dropped every
other one broke the last one Yukie not I
these is still working no it's my fault
as you hit it on the charity
was a cock so my body still feels like
it's one o'clock I'm still I'm still on
Europe time I don't think I ever left
like Finland time literally as soon as I
I turn this camera around Charles will
probably be sleeping if I pan the camera
right now he's probably asleep
she was wrong and we're live my daddy
you cannot hear this is my daddy I stand
I'm gonna give him kisses not you that
is ridiculous
I do it I'm gonna do it
push-up contest go-go board one two and
a half one United no get out no you
still the need Oh No hey one go to bed
I'll go bed let's go to bed yeah that
sounds like a better idea I'm going to
go to bed now the time traveling is just
I still I guess you know five hours
behind and all that so there's always a
hair Oh Oh was a hair in the window a
lot of people been asking why we never
made a three year montage you know the
best clips of the past year and you know
well the touring and the you know the
brain surgery and all that fun stuff so
I thought it'd be kind of fun to involve
you guys like we've done in the past and
have kind of like a little contest the
stipulations keep it under like you know
three to five minutes
not that long only use clips from this
past past year you know year three don't
use your one and two because you don't
supposed to be montage of your three use
the band miiverse here oh we got to keep
using them since we've used them in the
past if you guys make one upload it to
your YouTube send me a link on Twitter
and then the best one give you a couple
shirts and we'll upload it the CTFxC i'd
be really cool to see your perspective
of your favorite parts of year three we
got a do one we then one four one two
and then just because the brainslug we
can't not do one better late than never
right and to be completely honest there
was some
pretty momentous things that happened
you know getting married that thing
joining we the King there's a lot of
stuff happen but I'll put the
information the rules or whatever in the
video description below and yeah good
luck guys I look forward to you know
seeing all your little montages if you
also want to use our buddies in Boise
Avenue for a couple of clips you know
that'd be awesome as well but yeah so
I'll put all the information down there
alright guys good night bye
wait
yes
with y'all trippin
fifteen early don't forget so anymore
