time to head home
little faster
and row as you can see Ali and I are at
different planes different airports yeah
we see one gets home fast we're gonna be
totally mean tall like a baby place your
bets now the comments place your bets a
team Charles team ally she wisely Tampa
just notice something new I don't know
if they did is that a whole airports but
I went and just bought like a chicken
sandwich and they they needed my
boarding pass and my passport to buy a
chicken sandwich this is this is the
most controversial chicken sandwich
library in my entire life I don't know I
don't know what they do that out of
their airports but I never had it so
just wanted to document that because I
thought it was weird
I feel like an hour setback to the game
don't
and it parked away by the authorities so
I don't know did you see the guy taking
off did you
I'll tell you what's happening what's up
Travis somebody is an idiot yeah nobody
likes flying don't get anxious and ruin
everybody's day what's another thing
you've just anxious and not actually for
anything he's done stable which means
it's crazy which means there might be a
woman in traditional colonial garb on
the wing I'm not stable I see all kinds
of shit
nobody crazier you try this on and down
the spiral staircase I go it looks like
a giant like silver Hershey kiss or were
the like insides of the engine or
something
it's really bypassed me this vending
machine was broken I guess but Travis
just started smacking and he just
literally made like at least ten pounds
and then some I think what did you just
make eleven seventy five pounds that's
like 20 about I literally treated it
like a boxing you took out your
frustration and I'm sitting on the plate
and some euros oh that's you know what
that made everything okay that made it
worthwhile as a result I'm buying Ally a
drink
Charles I hope you don't mind buying
your wife a drink
right here of door
I guess the tenpence and same thing they
still haven't said British Airways plane
there you go guys
it's like the largest bathroom in
airplane
my bathroom in here
judging myself
we boarded the plane recorded that's the
story he was getting deported and back
to his home
be on our way sorry Bush is piloting our
kite so I finally made it
I'm an international with international
baggage claim as you've been seeing from
all these clips they had a an adventure
to say the least and so now they were
gonna be only an hour behind me so it
gave me some time I'll close the video
so I'm actually uploaded the video now
sorry I'm really hoping I didn't lose my
bags and then I really didn't Lauren's
up here to get me and then we're gonna
go back home and then hopefully Alice
can get a flight because it should the
layover is all screwed up now so it's an
adventure it was an adventure going out
there now it's an adventure going back
and got I love traveling if you chose
team Charles on this trip the beach
for that claim for a large corporation
worth an American in Spanish a witness
against the station sea of dollars a
share wait
sooo sad hey where are you
you got you got to go that I love you
valleys have interrupted
okay let's see what happens hi Kim
CH AR le s is coming in from the car and
the girls don't know that he's home he's
just gonna come in all nonchalantly and
we're just gonna pretend like
everything's normal
alright how he was supposed to be here
we were actually gonna go Laura and I
we're gonna go pick her up and it's
another hour and a half delayed because
that plane had maintenance issues it's
just not a good idea gonna gonna get it
okay
I just had a good day to fly so we're
just gonna go public and I'm gonna make
I'm gonna make dinner
for the first time in a month after we
lost all right now he's almost here
there's my boy
bumpit de Soto I am home guys I can see
Zoey and mommy leave Ali looking for Ted
ten is usually at the top is right there
and man he goes to the top cruising so
like I said if you chose team Charles at
the beginning of this video you were the
winner Zerg of course they did
sure like totally won different hair
foot and left four hours later did you
have a terrorist threat on your plane no
I didn't have that did you film all that
did you film on that I got on the plane
he was in front of me the guy who got
taken off the plane was in front of me
boarding yeah he had a guitar with no
case just retired I'm like that's weird
like I'm like that's and everybody at
the gate was talking about they were
like like it was bizarre he was getting
deported and he didn't want to leave
they they took him by the neck and
dragged off the plane they don't know
where to go zowie definitely home yeah
the best part was I was like desperately
looking for an outlet because when I was
over in Europe I you know you have two
converters and stuff like oh I don't
even need that I can just plug it right
in the oven
so I can make some pizza
you doing a little quick back wait sorry
well you get to pick one toy out of the
suitcase get the rest tomorrow
which one you want you want the big
monkey want the dragon all right you get
the dragon let the monkey and the dragon
so on
okay you made your decision Marley come
get your toy say there's no food in here
dude there's no food in there
Harry get the right for the little rat
terrier okay yeah Martha's getting after
it we are home
it oh man it feels so good to be home
right now although my body is completely
I basically went back in time right now
like five or six hours I don't really
know I think it's like midnight or 11:30
so what does that like 4:30 5:30 right
now my body still thinks it is so I'm
still kind of freaking out oh you got
your toy that's cool okay see ya it is
great to be home and I will see you guys
tomorrow get some sleep and I hope you
guys enjoyed the video guys
see what you did
worse yet
with y'all trippin
where's he at
yes with childcare fee
don't forget so anymore
