talking to some scammers there birthday
boy it's Frankie's birthday guys looks
really not so we've been employing a 17
year old bolt-on as you saute is
actually Frankie's birthday think it's
29th birthday Duncan and I are trying to
orchestrate to get up a cake I just
found candles the most ridiculous random
spot ever so step one done now I just
gotta find a cake and then I have to get
to the venue without him actually seeing
everything I want to say it like not a
struggle but a lot of manipulating at
the time so he doesn't see what I'm
doing get ready for guys good old
Australian French toast I don't think
I've ever had french toast in France
we're so close to the damn Beach I
thought I'd be like kind of it just be
wrong if I didn't actually come out here
it is like okay so it is a lot with
convert it's 35 degrees Celsius so I'm
not really sure what that equate to when
it comes to Fahrenheit
all I know it's hot this country has a
lot of nice beaches it makes sense
because it's an island I know but
honestly it does and this is what this
is the south east part of Australia do
we fly to Perth tomorrow tomorrow's
Perth so I want to kind of go see the
West Coast beach I think we did it maybe
one other time I'm not quite sure
everything just kind of seems like a
blur at one point but it's such a
beautiful day and I'm just trying to
kill some time until soundcheck
naturally where does the Floridian go
they find the beach all right we're
gonna try this it's not that at all this
is nice it's all shark control so I
think we're good
remember I was saying that whole like
everything wants to kill you thing I was
walking around I saw a little you know a
little montage thing but I wanted to
come over here and show it to you guys -
I know it's a jellyfish or something
like that but I have no idea so tell me
in the comments I'm staying far away
from this thing all I know is that it
looks scary as hell somebody tell me
what this thing is other than something
that I should stay away from there's no
way that just happened like this
somebody had to have done this this is
so beautiful
at least I know this won't kill me I say
that watch just like a killer seashell
it's like super poisonous well there's
jellyfish everywhere I need to get out
of here I just walked in I'm kidding
three miles down this Beach just to get
this pier and I honestly thought it was
gonna be like the Santa Monica Pier I
mean it's pretty but I mean I could have
walked out there don't this mean like
the water came this high mark getting on
the side of the car today's freakin
birthday you guys know so Marcos
volunteer actually I kind of made them
take me to this bakery cuz they closed
in like 30 minutes or an hour
we're close to biochemist objects or it
acquitted
we have been greets and then miss
everything
here's the thing tunes that he's
lactose-intolerant so it's
it's
yeah this is no pun intended pretty
trippy
what did we should get them back I'm
sacrificing my sound check make sure I
can do this one got the cake if you
lactose-intolerant and everything
okay we're good
we did it
I just one way to ruin it alright need
your help
put it under a freaking pillow on top of
myself looks like Grandma Pulaski look
us on the floor I'm like way to ruin it
just act surprised Frankie all right
Barry day two - yeah yep pretend like
nothing happened
okay oh oh my god oh my god Frankie's
here Frankie's here there we go you're
gonna come out here again
boys I got it lactose intolerance
mark drove us all over for it oh dude
thank you so much thank you that no
one's gonna want it now except you says
Jameson right
there's a Jameson yes well we have her
fancy cups no I'm older now trying to be
more mature drinking shots yeah
shots and glasses two years ago Josh had
us draw some things and he got him
attached to his sleeve
yeah except hunters inappropriate
that's pretty cool this yeah I do
say something Australian well that's not
Australian we're saying have something
Australian say let's put another say hot
dogs I would like a cheeseburger and a
hot dog
putting all the shrimp on the body oh
that was sorry to great disgrace to your
country so it's in the D octave as fast
you so if you didn't know bathroom has
the great acoustics
it's no idea in the bathroom so when you
need to use a bathroom you can't write
exactly
thank you're good you flushed it so the
best part is when you go in the bathroom
and they're singing :
beautifully you know that's wrong you
flush the toilet you're like singing it
let's do this fruit ninja okay wait wait
wait where's your hat okay you need to
have the let's do this and warming up
he's it
become one with the blade you know
Brutus eat Wow did you do it again right
through the seam everything all right
guys well we just finished the show here
in Adelaide tomorrow
tomorrow it's definitely tomorrow we
have to fly to Perth for the last show
of the tour and then after that we
started long long trip home I think we
have like seven or eight hour like
layover in Sydney so stoked to that
don't forget to subscibe or in the
future like 11:00 at night and we travel
for like 24 hours we're gonna be almost
the exact same time when we took off
it's gonna be kind of a MINDEF right
there anyway don't forget to subscribe
guys and I hope you enjoyed today's
video
have a great night
