today we have something really special
so in the Great Sand Dunes what you can
do is you can sled and snowboard a sense
and board down to things so we got the
last two sand boards today we were going
to go sledding down a pile of mountains
of sand I'm a little nervous they said
they go 40 miles an hour you ready for
this first off not nearly as windy you
know second off there's like no one here
I don't say there's people here but I
mean compared to yesterday a little cold
look cold
little chilly if you look carefully on
the mountain it looks like a bunch of
ants just scaring up ant farms yeah I
kind of definitely have fun yesterday to
give you perspective I flew the drone
8,000 feet which was probably what a
mile and a half all the way over to this
thing
hands-down the farthest I've ever flown
a drone and I think it was possible
because everything was flat but at the
same time was a little nerve-wracking
you guys ready to do this let's go climb
you bless you so we come on you're not
getting nothing out there face it's
still incredible I know we saw this
yesterday but still it's still
incredible to me and what's nice is it
rained a little yesterday so it's not so
like sandy it's kind of like matted down
a little bit we'll see how that does
with a actual sledding though these are
the ones I want to go down a little kids
are going down I can do that yeah oh
good oh by the way is that bag that's
coop
Marley poop I don't want to go all the
way back
your little son of a bitch bar looks so
small from a distance how's it going
guys you guys loving this they look a
little exhaustive but I feel like they
have some type of home feeling homey
feeling with all the sand every dig
brace like this it's actually really
nice not hot at all yeah you like it
Beach well you're already at the beach
he's falling asleep oh honey you won't
go to the beach
where's the ocean how about you d do you
wanna sign you don't like when I leave
you guys yeah good forever it's been
forever
he should get off he had it off he's
rolling in the sand already racism funny
well oh my I'm starting to think you
don't actually need to talk on this but
it does get really hot to date I'm sorry
they were telling us that the fans can
get up to 150 degrees which is pretty
insane it's an oven and the puppy sauce
can get a little hot so we're just
trying to monitor the sand and lunch so
that we make sure they're not would you
want to pee so it no it's 350 yes sir I
was like that's pretty cool of you
you're big a peeps out here yeah let's
just come out here and cook our dinner
at the awesome actually right one make a
pot roast hanging out by the cheese's
dig that hole though dig the whole dish
again deep okay all right all right
there you go good job girl
so we decided to start eating some sand
such an idiot
this one looks so judgy right now and
he's just being a goofball rolling in
the sand I don't think anyone would go
down that one honestly look how steep
that is this is so much fun so
incredible I think what we're going to
end up doing is we're going to go back
to the RV trying to generator on put the
air conditioning on blast and let the
dogs rest and Alan I try to get to the
very top and sled down there
I'm falling back they're doing better
than I am Wow where you going though
get it take for that goals yeah
get it guys where you going Mar she's
gonna find your dad though
Vedas sandy treats get off there you go
I think I want to slow down this one is
always getting a little tired so I and I
are taking turns so I think you're
faking it right now you're faking it
let's switch houses
let's wait she's gonna probably walk
right through that water so the puppies
are back in the RV and the air
conditioning enjoying some food I put
some television on and now I and I are
going to go try not to kill ourselves
got to find the perfect hill I think
that's the one I want
yeah right that one right there I want
that one have a weird feeling that
nobody's on this one because it goes
right into those rocks in those bushes
but Charles is right over there it
doesn't seem that that's about it
at all oh well I'm glad that was quite a
tumble sweetheart
I'm doing it again hey let's see it I'm
so freaking honey though I also give you
props I'm like super impressive your
will so any humor are you okay oh yeah
okay I see some folks like sand on your
body actually doesn't hurt at all that's
funny so walking on this is not too bad
huh I'm not okay all right I'm ready
I will set it he didn't
I'm impressed with kids because it's a
little intimidating fun slightly
intimidating dude is becoming a doing
yet try to do well boys I have to play
open it was trying to do this he'll
nobody's going to dell inspiron
what I want to try hopefully tomorrow's
vlog doesn't say hey we went to go into
the hospital today cuz Charles broke his
legs ready right in a sense a baby there
we go I know
so any energy still going this is kind
of cool this is something I ever thought
it would exist that's one of the many
reasons why I'm hoping you guys are
enjoying these RV honeymoon travel
videos so hopefully it's getting some
ideas for you I just been resistant I
did it sitting on my butt maybe another
day we'll try to do that but I'm pretty
exhausted I surprisingly takes a lot out
of you takes a lot out of you
supposedly need a haircut I can't see
anything right now if you're like
subscribe your dog yes inside call me
shaggy now on
I got sand in my ear sending my nose
band in my mouth I think I have sand in
my ass TMI but I think it's true
how you feeling I'm standing you have
it's just I'm like walking everybody was
Dennis what are those those elk
so we found another little tiny trail
man I have to admit I am freakin
exhausted oh look at this look cactus is
a cacti hell silly just keep going don't
feel I don't want them getting their
hands in taxes does get just come on
figures out look at them all whenever we
stop one tired dog too tired dogs three
tired dogs today's the last day here at
the Great Sand Dunes of Colorado the
Rocky Mountains be honest with you so
ally and I are just kind of a series I
know this is a snap got you some cool
things I've never got to do before I
have you saw it in person I mean the
dinosaur family yeah uncle' on camera it
was hilarious but in person it's just
like it was like you slowly saw a car
crash okay let's load it was fun I don't
know I totally recommend doing that if
you ever hear we've actually been
actually reading the comments and taking
your suggestions and writing them in our
little notes so keep it up west coast of
America just keep us given up thank you
guys so much for the recommendation we
really hope you're enjoying the vlog I
Charles has been kicking ass when it
comes to drone footage I don't think we
didn't eat today but no I didn't do it
doing it if you guys are brand new
please do not forget to hit that
subscribe button make sure you hit the
like button and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
here's this
you
