hello so you slide them fries up go away
go back I thought you guys left
get in wanna sit down hold still honey
gummy you know one thing hey guys
just got to the venue then I immediately
smell food food at this point mo I'm
willing to eat anything I got lost I
just listen for Coley's guitar that's
how I got down here let's go check out
the stage place where there's so many
wait that's it you've been walking
around with that much like Coleen's
magic right now yeah more dude that's
like that's gotta be like 4 pounds ok
ladies you're very level I could
literally like see it to my hand put in
my hand that's how small it is it's one
of those baby today it's like those baby
tomatoes yeah I wish this was a like
interactive one yeah we're here that's
around here is our last day in the UK or
in Leeds and we're just gonna go walk
what which is in Yorkshire did you know
that I did not know that what were they
saying it sounds like you're shit it
sounds like cuz it's a like yo show but
it sounds like they think you're saying
like your shit pretty bird
what focusing I'm not ready one two all
right there's a guy behind you hold on
one two it's not focusing no really now
that went out of focus
this is 83 inches young with a little
crown 93 she's a little bit older a bit
different down then 2008 oldest
different town and now you know did you
just you sharted didn't you what is that
a sneeze fire now have you guys ever
sharted have you sharted is that what it
is wait is that
but you have to sneeze right hey jegging
never sharted before yeah
have you ever sharted while you sneeze
so have you started Internet be honest
so you did I have actually started when
you were eight seven I was climbing a
tree and do right after the show right
guys yeah yeah never
Elias like look liar go give a story oh
yeah you run a tree and you sure my
brother is behind like climb behind me
he wouldn't get down I had to poop is he
of all desert
everything seems closed holiday it is
our last day we are going home tomorrow
what are you gonna do when you go home
I'm gonna take the dogs to the park
every single day actually yeah go to the
dog beach constantly cuz I've been gone
almost four weeks then we have like a
two or three week window of like you
know being off so it's gonna be it's
gonna be nice to be home
it's been awesome like seeing all the
structures and like architecture and
meeting all you guys but it's going to
be so nice to be home and deal with
those bitches but it's freezing bathing
suits
flip-flops and towels at summer hats
they're used to it here that dude
totally owned that dragon we were told
to try to go to the museum but I mean
this is a holiday we couldn't so these
we got to walk to it taking forever
there she is hardcore never mind I'm
freaking lost this is Town Hall that
cool buildings are are look at Alec
getting all artsy fartsy
artsy fartsy games do not
that's a tour in a not a picture wrap
already call this enjoy things a day in
Tour rat for with the kings we are on
our way home please bring me all Taco
Bell to pull a chick-fil-a
this video sponsored by everybody Danny
ever capital B's 5 card we're going to
the airport and we begin the trip home
Michael you can tell what kind of uh
we're losing it a bit wait are we crazy
it's really funny I don't know if I
mentioned this in the blog yet but um if
you the way people's accents here where
they trying to say scooter this is Utah
you're right
it reminds me exactly of Jurassic Park
where you think oh man I think so man
saying shooter shooter skewed to have an
observation let's go America that's
great eighty we'll see you later man you
kept us alive and well
got us got us on time and all that fun
stuff
it's here for a tea stop smoking stop
doesn't need to stop being so mean to me
um
give me nice is supportive about his
anti-smoking come on Ali done with the
woods let's go come on just get to the
hotel while we've been at the hotel it's
been kind of a cluster effort once again
we went to the wrong hotel early flight
Ali is actually gonna be on the same
flight as the guys I got booked on a
different one because of there was the
situation back in the day analogous to
fly it's almost free because she's lucky
- direct I have a direct flight she
doesn't oh alright I'll see you guys
later
so umm yeah what I wanted for our secret
phase happy - happy - this is a good
friend for tonight just tell me what
your favorite moment of this Europe tour
was and just gonna share we lost we're
so lost so 3107 is on the first floor on
the opposite side of the hotel which
we're in now so this could be one of
your favorite moments that you can share
in the comments with us but yeah let me
know in the comments your favorite
moment of this tour and I will see you
guys tomorrow and we get to see Zoe
Imani
we wait
were say psst
with child tripping
with with just opinion Harry
