hey good morning guys guess what I'll be
staying longer I want a nice clean fight
all right nothing below the belt leave
in the comments when you think would win
in a fight between Yoshi attracts no
martial arts are allowed so that it's
funny they put a nice little boxing ring
in there
I didn't know it rained in London you
guys know that we just got to the venue
here in Cardiff and oh there's a line
right there
but there's so many stairs to get to the
green room there stairs think it to the
the stays or stairs and it's cold or
this Wales right we're Wales is it
really oh and by the way there's a
freaking castle great outside the venue
no big deal just a little jet Cardiff
Castle
it's crazy Wow it's 2,000 years old so
we weren't allowed to go in because we
just missed it by 15 freakin minutes but
alleys alleys halt taken forever
if you need to put on makeup you might
miss a 2000 year old castle
so maybe just don't put on makeup and
just go for it yeah it's true it's true
it's true
anyway it's 2000 years old and it's
freaking awesome think I was saying that
there's like the old part scissors watch
over there where there's all right there
around it that's the original Roman wall
that was built and then they just kind
of go
tiny firetruck
I want Internet with storm the castle
I'm gonna throw you over okay and then
we went to meet up again for a long time
my poor thing all right what's over
there
oh it's just flowers boring I can see
you cuz I'm taller than you you want to
be a pretty pretty princess and that
could be your castle I was by Rapunzel
the hair is blonde now I get to grow
your hair so long I can climb up of it
how old do you think that ye olde trash
can is and these yield steps and these
yield railings yield pants are I would
appear you're getting eaten by a giant
tree Beast solo by a rabid tree oh okay
they're hot it's like great army stuff
it'll lock you into the castle and then
I'm gonna rescue there the giant castle
behind you Charles and addy and break
out of the castle and to see an R guard
on two wheels
no no it's it's the evil like have you
ever seen Monty Python the nights you
say me
Nate to see me how far we been walking
this Easter Island
Stonehenge baby yeah baby we're at
Stonehenge what time is it
you don't think it's sundown when there
what happened is when their clock broke
up there they went to the top tower to
look down here and this was like their
digital Rolex so every castle had their
own Rolex this is what no this was no no
this is a special one see this one was a
Rolex and then what they did was they
sacrificed people right there and then
they used the blood to figure out what
time it was the way it kind of spilled
out over and they could see that all
from the tower you didn't know that
I broke the law for you there were ads
all over that
oh you scare them such a unique language
like it just looks so different to me
Charles do you need your camera no sorry
I'm assisting the irresponsible parent
here she's been he's been addicted to
fruit ninja and he's taken to a new
level
whoa dude I got a look at the camera
hold on I don't know if he actually did
that that was a perfect cut I think I
got it that time Virginia now drink it
sorry what's that old BBC TV show where
the guy was just like talk cause he's
drawing was it was that what it was
oh that's what I'm watching right now
he's attached to the front door in your
garage
Rogers in here you need to draw this how
do you get in you just go through the
door up or down what about a car my name
is Jeff Skippy okay but I only have one
hand
this is Boris is that your mirror that's
my man
oh no tap it for me oh you're so hot I
gotta use ask me the fix in krump they
call her beautiful AB haha unibrow I
don't want to show you guys this in case
I die there's the ceiling is sort of
before of the other of the venue and
anytime anybody starts jumping the whole
thing starts moving up and down like
really really crazy so Fergie claps down
at least open for a good cause because
everyone's enjoying the way the King
show
on the first song I broke another e
string this string I broke down then
water fell on pulleys equipment and then
Travis Mike all got exploded bottle show
must go on
alright this is Gary ins secret phrase
for today guys good lucks is what the
translation if you don't believe me this
is a word this one right here right
there we go
you've already been sad but my horn
we need to dance now thumb you
yes
I really can't see anything
all money basically an adventure we're
finally to our hotel we're going to
Birmingham tomorrow and we just got to
the van Cardiff interesting you're
interesting that's all I got to say
yes
with y'all trippin
with DNR we don't forget anymore
