morning guys not another random truck
stop I tried this just gave me a pound
okay how about I go get something really
funny hold on it's in the bathroom
obviously I couldn't film in the
bathroom there's a lot of people peeing
but look they're like chewable
toothbrushes I guess I don't know what
they are but I'm gonna find out this is
what you help me by it's a chewable
toothbrush nice these are great you got
it before yeah yeah they're all over
England oh all you did I spent a lot of
your money on it I love you guys it's
something that goes in your mouth you
know ridiculous tall yeah yeah no I
think that out yeah that's that's it
what did you
according on
- girl
really
Lucky Luke what is it looking over
I can't gonna be nice to you remember
the one that had the nightlight
they had a little nightlight I have one
we just get to Manchester Shire built-in
bill
we're two miles away from the stadium
yeah two miles dividing the internet
right now saddest bike ever I don't
drink coffee
Danny this is the girliest drink I've
ever and we have a winner you got Java
chip no you added another one to our
Wolf Pack and they broke them up geez
another one wordid oh hey how's it going
oh I was just gonna say aliens ethereal
Jason Statham and his a state Oh miss
Daley actually I don't know every movie
he's in is like one word like drive
transporter giant save drive
got a new one transporters safety one
called save God we suck I can't think of
anything theory out the door
can anyone solve this equation if you do
you're amazing real-life kinnexa oh hi
nice car and this is Gemma look at the
eyes though almost identical yeah
identical yeah
even in what their great this is just my
nerd is the best fake crime ever heard
in my entire life
we are
I was moving around so much my insoles
went from here to here my soul you got
at least 2 inches of good insole who
have been there that's that's pretty
hardcore
please stop it
that looks like an ice core samples
English people I can't look at the
cameras closed I feel like cyclecross
right
there you go all right sorry I don't be
in the frame let me just plug this in
Showtime
bad man this is Colleen side elbows
touching on yourself blinking no thanks
Hale I feel
yeah
I don't know like the rules of like how
you act around a family and apparently
you're not allowed to address the Queen
what's the role you can't talk to the
community yeah yeah oh that was lovely
Ali's hair just magically got straight
from Manchester we are walking to our
hotel as you can see I'm the manly man
actually I you are good job babe I
already apologized way in advance okay
seriously the English accent is just
kinda funny we're at this restaurant to
have a veggie burger but the picture for
the veggie burgers not so much thank you
burger that's got me in and check
they were making fun of me she went for
asking for no bacon on the veggie burger
and as our Juice point pointed out at
the veggie burger was vacant and you got
the good burger right look at your
drinking what's missing in your drink
and that's the one thing I noticed that
women game of the ice ice is like very
frequently used that's not the color of
a hot dog to me but yeah that's going in
your body like sausage maybe the sausage
dog breakfast sausage and I'm hot dog
bus
I'm like let's not crack your head up on
the floor
wait
kill
where's the esse
giddy with y'all trippin
with European alley
