folding croissants hello now time to get
the London to be tally one of the make
croquettes it was like a mixture a bunch
of mints me yeah I resisted you know
what the worst thing about like
traveling Europe so far has been it's
just been the availability of food
that's because every the euro to the
dollar the euros worth a lot more so
everything's super minutes like
Switzerland like a drink was the food
was like tenner a ok sandwich in
McDonald's was twelve your whatever
Franks in the trash can once my missus
I go pick it up we'll see you in about
five minutes I only went to London I met
the baby noises I wanted to follow this
with anything lettuce felt would be
happy to receive that thank you crazy
things that I think you know what they
have to work people true you really like
what maybe one day this week an eight
hour flight so I'll be there eight hours
to check this out I have like an
emergency
relaxation kit look at this thank you
baby dive inside really open and hold on
a second
shoe polish just in case
do you hope to it friends back out of
France they asked my Swiss Mills and now
we're in the UK well we got to get over
there so there's no laws between that
and their international yeah yeah with
the Pirates the Pirates are nationals
waters appreciate you all right we gotta
go get a stamp doesn't make it official
those are so cool we were all we were
all done and they were looking for Danny
and he just walked you just walked
through the border I even care even
notice him go through I know it's really
surprising and Danny just forgot to do
anything or forgot something of his
somewhere it's pretty impressive though
he snuck through the border we gotta
give him that he'd haul away what's
called on Jackie duck Yeah right I don't
know why use duck maybe because my
Instagram just feet all yours yeah that
one we are about to go on a bullet train
that's gonna go under it's like the
English Channel right back in the day
when people have to cross it on top of
the water
I always do this we're actually gonna go
under the water the big long tunnel
what are the rules again so there's two
tunnels three tunnels to transportation
once the escape channel escape tunnel so
if something happens head to the escape
tunnel we got to keep the windows down
in case the water comes in so we can get
out and if we water comes in swim to the
top of this
Addie's having blast it's pretty posh
yeah
attention fast and furious or stainless
steel or commencing leasing and so there
I got
this is what I think we're going we're
going under there and what the heck that
is that's crazy
and now it's sealing the car in front of
us be good directions those directions
we're in well no service
that water that we can't see
looks like it's largely raining out
good news for now we're seeing fingers
crossed the states try today now I'm
gonna go and wonder
till the guys get here I'm not really
sure when they're going to be here
that's actually sunny out I was really
nervous in storing rain but
you look like a zombie the way you're
just standing there I was wondering how
long you're gonna do it I just looked it
up we just got out but it was 250 feet
deep so that's pretty cool
Big Ben is somewhere right see you guys
to see it boss Big Ben at school
every time I think like a Big Ben I
always think of Chevy Chase and European
vacation hopefully we're gonna be able
to come back down here maybe think we're
gonna go meet up with Ali I think she's
at the hotel and then we'll just like
take a cab or train over here I want to
go see maybe walking yeah I will get
closer
come on London you can do better than
this
don't let Switzerland and Finland and
all the other countries beat you so the
hotel later know is terrible
hopefully these guys won't let us down
I'm still trying to find Ali she doesn't
have a data plan or a phone plan so oh
push yes
huh nope so we've been staring at this
hotel across it the Washington does that
not look like either he's drunk or a
zombie zombie George Washington I think
we're hitting a new world record here in
the vlogs I'm just looking at the Wi-Fi
networks and trying to match them up
never thought I'd see this Starbucks
taking so long where Allie is I'm still
like trying to find out where she is or
is it like the last e to the bar yeah
yeah it's like yeah they're like pushing
us out with like the broom and
everything
see how there's another crack on my okay
how many are gonna come back you say
three one two three four five six look
who I found
I'm just go I'm gonna see how long she
does it I can't I just filmed a little
little clip letting you guys know what
basically I just yeah we had to upload a
temporary vlog because the hotel was
saying 1500 minutes as you guys saw so
we are walking around and just try to
get this uploaded in time please we're
not gonna miss a day I will I'm missing
I'm so bummed I no no the first the
first will be at the end
I'm so confused but anyway we had
backstage passes to the thrice farewell
tour and this is how much we love you
guys that I'm missing that show right
now can't miss a day can't look left you
have to look right hotel number two
she's trying too hard lying I'm trying
the Wi-Fi click dick dick click click
click click click click click click go
in there this vlog is getting absolutely
ridiculous so we walked around although
all day all day trying to find the
little hot spots and stuff like this
we finally get back to the Internet here
at the hotel and it's blazing its
I thought my computer out the window but
I know I shouldn't until it uploads and
I'm telling Danny self-serving well you
got a beer hey guys since we were having
a little bit of a late issue with the
vlog yesterday make sure to click here
right there where it says yesterday's
vlog and check that out it's called
Amsterdam trust me you know it's a
pretty interesting blog so please click
yesterday's video go check that out
because I know cat uploaded a little
late as you guys call it to get the see
today so all right I'm gonna go to bed I
will see you guys
ple
