oh wait there we go look at me guys I'm
from the eighties
phone booth so silly this bought Apple
wrong on our way to Amsterdam we have a
day off and we decided to go hang out
there all day so we're going to be
spending the next nine hours in the van
the clothes we just got to Amsterdam or
close to it and the hotel wouldn't let
us in for three hours so we just got a
quick day room for like three or four
hours so we can get some sleep right by
the airport so we're all gonna pile in
all seven of us in to this tiny room
cool booth and let's doing that Flickr
thing 14 Ball corner pocket that's right
three corner with the shoes sweet a
pulse night okay and I lost the game oh
wait wait wait
casino yeah all right wait no we gotta
go this way Oh finally casino are you
sad
I know you are leaving you got your
ghost eyes on how about your sister
yeah let's do it
everybody fingers niggers
oh I got one two and one two got four
you only got two so I looked outside the
hotel and get ready for this I saw this
isn't that crazy - tulips think they do
a camera my camera is having a hard time
keeping up with the contrast what
doesn't belong a single white one you
can have like the entire band the entire
tour farting in this location and it
would smell amazing so express how good
it smells here so cool even the guys in
the internet land you know this is
pretty impressive
looks like a giant skittle hey we're on
TV the world's largest lifesavers
whoa he totally just looked at you we
just got downtown answered O'Brien's
here I'm here he just appears get ready
for an interesting night
boy Yosh was that Yoshi you still
smoking stop dude everyone tell Yoshi to
stop smoking still there we go
put it down that's a step right there
Yoshi
I am Amsterdam no it looks pretty sturdy
there Yoshi if he wasn't smoking see
alright so we were just telling you oh
she to jump and then these two young
ladies you have the internet what do you
want to say very few people can get a
photo on the eye there I mean like
everyone shots right now oh pretty up
ruining a photo photo we have
porta-potties right this is an outside
Journal you just pee right outside
interesting
it'll see you sound like that every day
it's almost like the 18 oh it has
another side oh look at it censored
itself somebody was walking by I was
like no unacceptable please it so it's I
guess some sort of holiday and they're
having celibate celebratory times also
everyone dresses like clothing
we're having a Instagram photo contest
if you can do the best one I just posted
mine I'm very proud of mine it is ATIS
likes her followers yes Finnish game
we're doing yeah we're doing percentage
right now gonna do all through the day
and then at the end of the night maybe
midnight or something no no filter yeah
Santa and Danny goes with the hipster
moped with graffiti
we're like analyzing everything that's
no that's very that's very ha he's got a
caller so we all just use the hero
and keep in mind when I say public
restroom I mean a troubling public
emphasizing a public restroom pissin in
the streets Wow fares well I really am
enjoying Amsterdam it's like really
gorgeous here that's way up there and
spins it goes down and there's that
thing they did last time this wing
that's way too high everything smells so
good
I want a waffle cone I want a funnel
cake I want to see cotton candy I want a
pretzel I want a hot dog the coffee
makes me really want to eat an elephant
I would love to do part two but I don't
think I really the GoPro shoes are
flying
my gameboy color hours this is good be
encouraging yeah
this girl's got to be so aware in the
surroundings right now everyone is
shooting skin Cary Elwes this Robin Hood
none of us would be able to handle that
by the way
oh do you think if instead of the bow
and arrow the blue balloon actually shot
one of the stuffed animals do you think
they would just give it to you this way
no it's ruined
if I shoot the elephant right there
scoop the only has one more
and he missed it big ol with you guys
want to hear a total wah-wah moment
right now so it's Quinn's day right now
and what's the name of the van coffee
this coffee tastes so good hi guys some
coffee till I got the medium take your
little baby beer there we go and we got
some water over there
we're the kings queens there I know a
lot of you guys probably you know put
two and two together a long time ago but
I didn't what he said
wait is that is that bending that is the
way to staircase just be fine just keep
climbing
you hungry there Yoshi looks so good and
now it is night time district nine with
everyone oh I think all orange kind of
reminds me of Mardi Gras looks like we
are in the red-light district
we're in Lake District pretty any
interesting like Danny says it's got to
be one of those like wonders of the
world cause it's just so weird so out
there that's true I mean it's like
that's weird it's weird I know if Ali
was it should be black or a song
champagne that exactly the best place to
drive this party the sneak behind it
trailing wait and it's a taxi
yeah so we just walked through that I
got somebody was killed all the over
Danny went after hunter I never want to
go through that again
feel like Charlie Chaplin's gonna kill
me hello Swan Revis was coming to
protect it now the ultimate test if we
can figure out the Train plus the bus
schedule and we're at Adventure though
you can do it they were gonna do it I
can't even figure out like the subway in
York City we gotta get there it is can
we make it this is a festival night I'm
sure Hallie is having fun the first
class now well we got on the train now
we're trying to get off the train and
one two three five like cops just ran
through we can't get off now the
conductor of the train conductors she
was like let's talk what was that about
a handlebar mustache oh it was so quiet
it was like when you when you think of a
train conductor it's exactly what it was
she's alive guys thank you
internet because you didn't click thumbs
up
well we made it alive our trip to
Amsterdam wow that was an interesting
interesting City I'm gonna start editing
I'm actually editing this vlog Ali is on
her way she's in an airplane she gets
she had first class you guys already saw
a first-class international she'll be
landing tomorrow and London we're
heading to London so I'm really really
happy she's gonna be there and yeah
we're celebrating our starting on our
fourth year executive daily videoing
vlogging videoing so I will see you guys
tomorrow
the secret phrase for today is I have
act really afraid you know those little
circles with a underscore and a circle
you know put the smaller circle and it
makes me like the weird like winky face
like wah-wah you know like the big
letter O then underscore then a little
oh you don't talk about that's gonna be
the secret phrase because this was an
interesting trip so I was here now I'm
going to bed good night yes
waiter
and worse lately at 16
with y'all trippin
with with your penis
