hello and sorry I'm doing this on the
front-facing camera I'm a little
confused yes I have Ally she is safe
here in the UK in London we're having a
little problem guys might be wondering
what was a huge problem
okay so we'll be celebrating our fourth
us three full years starting on 4th may
be consecutive vlogging without missing
a day right right we've been walking
around for about 6 or something our is
trying to upload just a four hundred
megabyte video we've been going hotels
Starbucks McDonald's don't May 1st May
1st 12 May 1st
so today ok last day of three completed
years of non-stop logging we're having
an issue like a big issue anyway we're
gonna keep walking we're gonna get the
vlog up it's a really good one that's
our day on Amsterdam but I wanted to do
this little one taker right now because
it still counts it still counts we're
still vlogging every single day but I
think it's at 50% now so we've just been
basically going to each place for like
10% it's been actually really ridiculous
but anyway guys pretty much but um we're
gonna go try one last place if it
doesn't work I'm just gonna buy data on
my phone and just tether to my phone and
just upload it from my phone I don't
care
we gotta get it uploaded but I feel like
I feel like the Queen and how probably
has the fastest internet I think the
Queen
tons of point is that rude sorry no
she's downloading a bunch of uh she
doesn't she like corgis she's like she's
on like the Corgi fansite or something
but Internet will be found eventually
all right so we're gonna walk back we
will see you guys later
and probably maybe an hour - so don't
worry the vlog is up don't go to bed yet
don't go to bed okay
