good morning Internet we are off to our
second decibel our next destination on
our second because this is technically
our third destination the tire is
falling behind me in the g4 returning
that day and then we are off using great
sand dunes in Colorado it's 6 a.m. and
it's beautiful and I am 150 percent
corny to get this place Blue Creek the
Rio Grande National Forest everything
one of our first real adventures with
the RV it's a first
yeah she's dead so we thought this
really simple little fix but we noticed
that on the inner side requires bulbs
that are like this there's a lot of us
for those kind of olives but on the
outside requires wells like this
look at that bulb looks pretty but it's
shot to hell actually it's pretty
looking it's not confusion but I'm gonna
feel very victorious once we do this
though oh by the way good morning I'm
actually not sure if Ali actually said
that but if not hello
if so I'm saying good morning because I
haven't said that so we're on our way to
the Great Sand Dunes so that should be
fun that's one of the one places Ali
really wants to go this place was really
beautiful this is kind of like a stop
off because the other place was like
booked all weekend so we're like alright
we'll go somewhere close that way we can
go there you know during the week or
Sunday and lucked out this place was
beautiful I love this so much so one of
the GoPro batteries on there that I
don't know how so I got a try to find
the replacement battery now this is
where I need be when there's no one here
what I like to do so this we gank on
things and that's the only way I can get
somebody come if the alarm goes off
otherwise can't find any fun
a little trick if you ever need to get
somebody at Walmart and nobody's paying
attention
you excited yet oppose news all will
I don't know if you guys I'm sure you
can that right there is it's a pile of
sand it's like an adult
sandbox it's so random I want to find
the history or the reasoning why a big
old pile of sand is just chillin like
that always setting up our little
campsite right now make it all look nice
finally get the bust out the awning a
little bit and that's our view I think
it's a little wet right now so I don't
know if they're open so hopefully we're
gonna go check it out a little bit later
fingers crossed it doesn't rain or
anything in the next day or two because
if it does we can't do it but if it
doesn't we can get these like basically
our snowboards as it sleds and you can
basically sled down the dunes so fingers
crossed it doesn't rain so he's trying
to rid us of all the Flies get rid of
them
EE get out of here
all right let's let's go so you'll eat
them you don't want to eat them when
you're driving in an RV
it's very everything you're right in
there
fall in the toilet you're driving in an
RV like everything's all compacted just
like the tour bus first thing you do
when you want to park is that you open
everything up and just clean it all up
and it just looks really good
what'd you do how would you decided to
go check out the sand dunes but it looks
like a storm is either going to pass
it's really fast
or hit us really hard I wanted to go see
this look it's like sand everywhere
Wow some things are just mind-blowing
they take for example how did this come
about
there's our sounds everywhere right and
then through system palace fan
still loving this Gandhi
I think the best part about this is how
much the dogs are loving it it's just a
giant beach of them she's loving it fast
me I don't think I ever expected like
something like this exist outside of a
desert it is cold
I never expected though II to love this
as much I just get so quiet just allowed
it package me yeah
come early in the morning
that's crazy it looks just like the
Devon okay
Jesse stop slowly stop stop she's
running away
Eileen ever taking a photo I just be
Zoey in the background running away it's
actually got a funny drop Marley this
dog is in love right now
all right go watch your legs I mean just
look at that behind me
it's got to be like one of the wonders
of the world like how did that happen
I just don't get it right now I can say
it don't get it you know what it kind of
feels like somebody just had a giant
bulldozer and just dumped a bunch of
sand that's kind of what it feels like
it's just like like it's just a bunch of
giant helicopters bumps and a giant
beach like they want to make a beach
here in Colorado obviously I know that's
not right but is so cool it's pretty
gnarly can't even see him anymore
there's kind of disappeared what's
really kind of crazy is if you were just
to look over there you just think those
now oh my god water here's just a
mountain like a vile thing believe it or
not right now char is actually have
helping some of our RV neighbors in the
RV park but he's having an issue with
this phone so chars over there actually
helping him which makes warms my heart
thank you over and helped us with a few
things on our RV no hesitation I mean
it's really nice that we can do
something back for them but one thing
that we've noticed with this like with
the community is that everyone is so
kind and it's so willing to help you out
with anything that you need because one
thing that we've been learning is you're
always going to make mistakes on our
views you're always going to be learning
something new and that there's always
somebody that can kind of help you
because they've been through that
situation before
he's reciprocating the gesture by
helping him out with his phone right now
and hopefully he can get it fixed we
went to the standard just for a little
bit today it's sort of pouring I think
the dogs love it obviously Zoe ran off
diesel was a lunatic as you'd like it
I'm kind of realizing that since we
moved into the RV that we haven't
actually shown you guys
I thought I would show you guys around
to what we've been living in for the
past like six days and what we're going
to be living in for the next two weeks
obviously you guys know that is the
driver station not a seat passenger seat
typically this doesn't happen well it
happens with the park but it doesn't
have been when it's on the road they're
still not used to the RV quite yet so
it's going to take them a little bit of
time this is one of our storage areas
and this is like a bunk above the
driving area that's dog food up here
there's some other utensils and things
in there obviously mr. alien you had to
something stay can't forget about the
drones the dogs going to be on the couch
as we put a blanket down just to make
them a little bit more comfortable but
this is kind of like the living room
slash kitchen slash dining room area
they love this side this is like their
favorite or favorite spot what's cool is
it breaks down and it turns into a bed
you come over here and the nice thing
the lazy today is day four up they
hooked us up with pretty much everything
and anything you can think of when it
came to like utensils coolers chairs
tables everything so they put a giant
Yeti in the RV we haven't really used
this area too much we've used that for
sure but you have like your stove
nobody actually abuses this but there is
a stove on this and then our
refrigerator this spot this is the puppy
spot this is where the dogs sleep at
night the little puppy bed at the waist
and then this short bathroom now guys
remember you do not do number two in
there it's bus rules RV rules no number
two in there this is a shower it's
really nice so awesome we have this big
bed snit
at the sleeping yes that's all we do
that's the RV we just love this the one
thing that we were worried about is you
know what people can get kind of like
cooped up being in the same spot in the
same space it's really tight they're
just really you can get your to be with
each other he can do his thing in the
front I can do my thing in the back of
vice versa
I'm loving the view life I love it I
could do this forever I really good oh
that's our view from our bedroom
you can rage I really like your purple
jacket you're so fashion-forward so are
we still working on it
yeah his name's Jackie was very net guy
otherwise you have to drive three hours
to the Apple Store for something simple
I can take product work
I don't you like loving how nice RV
people are I really do one I think I'm
gonna make this this couple freaking day
they don't have to drive all the way to
three hours three hours just to get it
restored like I just did for them to
thought this was kind of funny
apparently Zoey and Marley oh by the way
I completely forgot where's my backpack
Zoey I got you something brought from
the wood
don't take it Marley I brought that
stick all the way from Rio Grande forth
and then Marley brought some sand dune
into the she put it in this little thing
which he ran away he said if you go that
way to there's like a lot of cool stuff
there's like a lot of ridges he said
don't go up it use the ridges and then
he said so in the morning you're most
likely gonna be able bored you're being
a silly little bit come take your stupid
stick thing that's your sweet beam over
wall now the three in stopped we decided
we're going to go ahead and try and fly
the drone we just set up inoculum
actually we'll go tomorrow Suns upset
and I don't know how late they're open
actually you guys look so cool
all right you guys ready all to do all
right come on down that's how far the
drone is right now that's crazy it's a
foodie civilization so beautiful 16
satellites by cellphone doesn't have any
it doesn't make any sense
Commodus how weird that looks literally
looks like did we say what okay so
talking the guy and the reason why this
exists is that the mountains those
mountains and these mountains will have
sand come over and it got stands all
over there and the wind would meet in
the middle and it would just meet right
there and they're just dumped right
there
that was hands-down farthest I've ever
taken madrone I think I maxed out at
8,000 feet away from me
I took it all the way over there that's
where the dunes are and then those rocks
that one right there that was the peak
that I was flying around I love this
trip because not only are we you know
going out and doing some cool stuff and
been doing it like a little mini
vacation but I was able to work I can't
ever not work I always have to have
something to do I'm getting drone
footage outside of the city don't get me
wrong I love doing the donut rows when
we're in cities but we out here in
nature the fly that close to a mountain
to a pile of sand yeah although alien
dude by the way does anyone call for the
name I haven't had much reception so I
didn't actually have a chance yeah I
know I don't know if any excellent
actually came up with a cool name for
aliens working on computer you working
on the comes you on the edit that video
you're sit on your sister this is the
best part when we actually aren't
running around we can actually grill
mind you the grill needs to be clean and
it actually is really really nice out
we're gonna have the screen open and my
I figured I would walk over here and end
of the vlog this way I am let me super
up oh my gosh okay okay thanks
you
