I'm finishing up editing yesterday's
vlog I go to look outside look at the
dogs I think they're having a good time
you guys are so spoiled but you're worth
it alright dad's fixing it can Dennis
fix it yes you can this guy this buck
crack at the tire place goes oh there's
nothing in your tire that looks like a
piece of metal to me sweet the tire has
been sending a signal to the - that the
the pressure is low and so the light has
been coming on randomly for the past
couple of months and when I took it to
the shop the guy said there was nothing
wrong with it so I didn't do anything
about it but then it kept happening so
yeah my dad but that's taken care of
oh it definitely is gonna be a good day
there Kohli definitely is continuing the
trend of other countries having a hard
time saying the name Charles I don't
mind I'm happy
the water's so clean
we internet won't you be my neighbor I
should be wearing that one that one's
better Zoe what are you doing here just
by looking at this keypad what do you
think it is
I should beat this mission impossible I
just cracked code this is a flower
tornado reminds me of American Beauty
there's a very computer with the bag in
the wind beautiful back in the wind or
that
laughing at me big old fish is I think I
may have forgotten to show you guys this
the other day it just started raining
outside and got Zoey a little treat to
match her sister the other day when I
went to the pet store yay fatal dog in
the other raincoat big-ass dog any other
raincoat so it started raining today was
raining earlier today and I wore my
wellies out I'm headed to the mall right
now to help Jessie and her sister look
for a prom dress for her younger sister
it's currently sunny and gorgeous
outside so now I'm gonna be the
freakshow
in rain boots I wanted to totally not
writing whoopsy we've been walking for
maybe 45 50 50 minutes whatever 4.5
kilometers games days it feels like days
kind of lost in Zurich right now just
taking it in a poll it's taking it in
enjoying it it's actually really funny
like in France it was like freezing and
rainy and I think we had to go northeast
from where we were and it's actually
super hot and dry that'd be like
equivalent to go into New York and it's
colder in Florida and hotter in New York
maybe since we have all this time I
guess right now is a good time to let
you guys know about the good news on the
way over here so actually I'll let you
two hug let you give the good news hello
camera We The Kings say like me is
officially certified gold and Australia
so that means we got a little gold
record coming we'll say you like me
so that is incredible best news we've
got all week yeah that's insane now my
challenge to you guys is to get platinum
by the end of the year hey by the way
just a side note we got the news while
we were in Switzerland that's true we
did I don't want any positive breath
exactly so that is incredible news and
yeah so my challenge to you guys
internet land can you make it platinum
can we make say you like me the single
if you don't have it go to iTunes buy it
on iTunes it's like it's like $1 and
let's see if we can make it go platinum
by the end of the year all right I think
we can do it
I love these things diggin Charlie
strode down the stairs and everybody
I love European science
why don't we do that a long time ago I
don't know if we're gonna get like
caught later but we just we just hopped
on the bus that was yeah from walking
like four miles
Swiss Switzerland I apologize if we just
will play really good yeah well it'll be
a good show
yes Prince William I will marry you I'm
Kate Middleton's it's a pretty ring
Logan just found a gorgeous dress and
when you're gonna go eat but now we're
all just sitting here doing nothing
since we're all really hungry and no one
will move we're all just crying on a
bench in the mall this is so awesome
hi guys there we go
that was nice after a long wait I keep
going to the wrong side of the van after
a long dry walk we uh we got to meet
some awesome people outside of the show
wait nope
we should go get the key and break it
off again
here you go Switzerland for the bus ride
I owe you drives so fast at pitching
games to the ball
swinging for the fences just go for a
hit just go for a hit
you Bo Jackson did
if you can fake it better the noise is
pretty good the dry this is the grossest
20 seconds of the internet right now
we did this was like Denmark we did it
we let the local Denmark ian's come up
with a work up a secret phrase and
Travis what say what's up in English
what it is what what I just asked ya
kitchen cabinet what is it one more time
they wanted to say hey you can just take
it you can talk I'll see you later
she's here in Switzerland can't hear you
have to yell just racking up at it
gotta love technology
almost pure ninja well you hear that
it's at that time we're about to head
out we are going to Amsterdam this
evening we have a nine-hour you ready
for that hunter nine-hour drive
obviously I've been uploading he thinks
I need to do it now but yeah we hung out
with all these awesome people a bunch of
CTFxC years and it was really cool
really awesome you know just got to hang
out so I will see you guys later
just can't wait to get on the road I
guess all right guys it's time for me to
go to bed I'm going to edit everything
and then hit the hay cuz I've got to get
up really super super early tomorrow and
head to London so I can't wait for that
I'm really really excited to see Charles
and then spend you long alright guys
that's it for today I will see you
tomorrow love you tonight
yes
with y'all trippin
Nellie
