good morning I think we're still in
France and it's still raining real fast
real fast guys we are in the middle of
our 14-hour trick to Switzerland do they
have a same land of the Swiss yeah go to
Switzerland where we can enjoy some mmm
well I just got some good news
I'll show you guys right now I just
asked you what Lobby call was so we can
start driving that's such good news 1:30
all right I will just bump it's a bumper
guys head you guys gonna wear helmets
I'm gonna bed flop here in France or
Germany or what where I'm gonna bed flop
here all right I guess go into the ribs
I do not belong here
job job for the fashion show
this is gorgeous holy cow
okay we just got to the Ritz and we got
back to the dressing room and we had to
choose the wigs that we wanted to wear
mine is lime green yeah I feel like
we're gonna look like Katy Perry's today
have a channel your inner Katy Perry to
the fashion show
oh this is insane like I don't know man
yep this is what I'm waiting for the
fashion like that never imagined that
this day would come where I would
purposefully put on a lime green wig
it's a miniature Zoe oh my goodness you
look just like my new puppy oh good
she's really excited she won't stop like
I'm show her so these are the shoes that
I'm wearing
thank you are also very messages you're
like oh good hello everyone how my knees
I'd like all like this in the van so my
knees all stuck anyway were I get some
petrol and food and eight hours debate
hours
no five five it's it shorter than we
think hours gazelle the French do it
grilled cheese on the outside I don't
even like beef and ham one thing I
learned really quickly was I mean Tam
that means Han that means chicken
happiest bathroom signs ever there's a
dog alright ready for eight hours of
driving ready Yoshi there already
everyone's you know this hard drive is
basically saving all of us
okay we're all watching Modern Family
anything you want you to do we're all
watching mutter to it
Swiss border does it feel good Jess yeah
you're gonna be Black Swan all right
give me a mess you shouldn't feel like
that Tuesday
okay are we gonna band together and go
out with a stack up on I think so Marty
we're not already talking to a camera -
well it's makeup on it might seem a
little more like necessary or relevant
no she's a Snow Leopard
she's a video blog all right as a sheep
man we need to get some Swiss she will
you find Swiss cheese Swiss chocolate
there's cheese John at the other end oh
good some Swiss cheese and Swiss
chocolate Swiss cheese store really oh
my god I like - sir I don't think you're
I don't think you're supposed to be over
there sir welcome to Switzerland Swiss
mountains Swiss tree to his house was
grass Swiss polite polite late late pool
your shoe came off all right rock on
guys
surprisingly gotta fuck
oh jeez are getting tough go to the side
go to the side you got right like a
motorcycle right it's exactly like a
motorcycle come on man have an
imagination man America sucks with her
playground toys
well 20 minutes in I already kicked out
of Switzerland or at least the
playground so we may or may not be going
out to eat in a public place with all of
this crap still on our faces oh my god
just frightened if I didn't say faces oh
let's go to bed I spit up how you doing
crime scene do not cross
is an iconic thing that's probably what
it seems like to people who don't know
why my face is like this it seems like
I'm a fan of the Insane Clown Posse it
just makes me think of that workaholics
episode when Gillian becomes a Juggalo
can you guess what I'm doing I'm just
gonna say how complicated it looks up
there even with the wires yeah right
big old dragon so get some balls a huge
festival here in Zurich and we're gonna
basically be I'm pumped for this but
right now we're just uploading videos
I'm just doing the thumbnail and I guess
we're gonna we're gonna try to go to the
red light district okay so if the
following video just turns to black just
blacks out that means a a pimp may have
killed me or ally just couldn't put
anything in the vlog yeah I became a
hooker and they have a rule about no
filming but I'm gonna really try to film
some stuff but I don't know how much is
gonna make it in the vlog so alright I'm
gonna get ready guys so we uh we just
got to the bar and we noticed there was
a lot of dudes walking in so we all
stopped and apparently it was a
gentlemen's club well gentlemen's club
sounds like it was it is this trip yeah
oh okay
you should say it was more of a Lance
Lance Bass it was it was really nice
people very nice guys
it's like New Orleans drink out on the
streets where what anyone want a salad
we should stop smoking I already got a
salad internet tell Yoshi to stop
smoking
I know I know thumbs down okay he's
gonna do what I did and quit on worked
all right there we go
I there we go
so when you see Yoshi unwarped or if
he's smoking grab it out of his face and
step on it
dude that's that's some talk about after
this one what you doing there buddy
watering the plants isn't going to be on
you while you sleep
see what
with trip
with Gianelli don't forget
