this is your brain on drugs Charles
about to make shit real awkward there's
a bunch of French girls smoking
cigarettes alright he's passing by they
don't move
and now he's going to lay on the ground
they're so confused it was like it
smells like at least 17 balls
wait what night this chocolate energy
alcohol drink that's like combination of
everything they just put it all together
for chocolate in there
okay it's good basically all watching
the terminal right now because we're in
airports so much it's a good movie but
it's like really kind of funny because
he kind of hits home and there's this
pad do you guys remember when the first
camera phone came out was Verizon look
at this introducing the camera phone
I can't remember when the thermal came
out but I remember having that phone
that is crazy
now everything basically has a camera
it's so funny part of a balanced
breakfast donut waffles and salad
without dressing and waffles roughs her
up
well this is freaking me out
am I supposed to be honest the why did
they do this why did they make the floor
like hollow like that just to creep
people out as they're walking well
that's where the stage is how do I get
down there do you know what this feels
like it's like et when they're good like
trying to get I yeah that's kind of cool
shoot like a bazooka it kind of does
shoot a laser of light well laser is a
beam of light but condensed what is what
is a laser wait what is this thing do
not press the red button the to light an
awesome balloonists drinking lots and
lots of vitamin C to hopefully kill
whatever I have I can't get sick I can't
get sick again especially just traveling
so much but yes
time for some vitamin C overdosing can
you open Oh son you just peed out you
never asked you like this before I
showed you guys this yesterday or the
other day look at this one this was
already beat the hell oh oh boy this is
really old
angry kid I took the big for the
longboards is that it is motorized
that's from being small he was like
floating there I was like wait he's
Diablo El Diablo this is the most
adorable thing I've ever seen in my life
it's up small it is oh so it's for
Wolverine that's what they're made okay
look at that
I think it's like the first VW Beetle I
think when you see one of these you
can't even play the punch buggy game
just here see you kid okay going to the
last fitting before the fashion show
tomorrow you're coming right go into
Shore not really I'm also scares are
gonna make me model something I totally
didn't shave my legs yesterday what do
you think I like that dress
can I wear it or not you strangling to
to stop to be yep
doesn't really look that flattering but
it's so cool it's awesome
Jayla video vixen fun little thing to do
when you're overseas is go to like local
supermarkets and just see the I don't
wanna say strange but the different
things like full legs of beef and
animals and then just like the subtle
things see I can find something I mean
all the sodas loli would you like an
orange ina I know it's our Jeana but
orange I know I also need to find a knee
brace because our last show I kind of
twisted my knee so I've been limping
like the entire time so
exactly that's exactly why I think we
need to fly to any back to New Orleans
and apologize what do you think guys
hipsters chips for hipsters as you
Instagram it much better chance for
hipsters would you like some 3-day
bugles are they already yeah what yeah
good yeah
like a rugby ball where is it we're good
where did you throw it
that's adds a roof again oh we got
another word we're running out of fruit
you got one more here you go I just
realize there other people under there
sorry sir no where to go or say we're
broke well you guys don't sing to the
window going down I have a couple
pigeons for fans okay
behind us there you are gone yes you
scared I'm scared my friends what
they're doing what they're walking
through the parking lot I just put a
fucking weird hat on and I'm walking
with a girl wearing a black fucking
t-shirt
drive assist silence
but this one's even better place the
booze there
coffee coffee coffee coffee table
because it's shooting laser beams
you're sure
but these are the jeans that ripped when
I had the seizure we have to show you
guys that so now they're enough they're
my good luck jeans all right guys well
we have a we have 14 hour drive to
Zurich so I might not have enough time
to upload anything
so if not as much they buy now some
plans to stay off never jump in the band
go say hi everybody and then drive is
Erick so I don't see you guys I will see
you tomorrow
I think Ali's fashion show is tomorrow
so hopefully how do you do awesome I
know you well because you're gorgeous
hey baby could get your number alright
guys is our last day in France so if
we're gonna say hi by everyone and oh
it's good ready to go for 14 hours yeah
I guess I'll see you tomorrow
oh so after all my super fun fittings
today at the store guess what hi as I
was saying before I was rudely
interrupted by Kate Kate noticing I
actually ended up with a migraine and I
haven't really felt better until now and
it's currently 1:00 in the morning so
I'm gonna stop filming today totally
soft for me after I was doing I got up
so early and all that fun stuff and then
totally sucked but tomorrow I'm excited
because I'm doing the fashion show I've
never done a fashion show before and I
have to walk in really high heels I'm
really nervous but I think it'll be
really fun and I get to have my face
painted so I'm gonna film that whole
process for you guys tomorrow alright
that's it for me today I'm gonna find a
cure guys don't worry what's gonna
happen tonight
it's hardly wait
worse yet sexy
with charity
