good morning guys well actually I should
say not a good morning
I lost my bee now I look like a chicken
I have a baby chicken haircut going on
just got to the venue and look there's
baby octopus and then I suppose you're
on over here and there's just a leg of
some animal how are you you're very
pretty
how are you doing strangest rule I guess
the same hi good morning good morning oh
that's disgusting when your pool is the
same color as a green beach ball it's
probably time to clean it good hello
fellow Americans and fellow worldwide
alert the kids for those of you who
watch Futurama how is everybody today I
am excited I am having having a
breakthrough guys this is a revelation I
already had this probably 18 times
already in the vlogs but I've never been
able to keep it up there's always been
something that's kind of gotten in the
way of me taking control of my health
and my life and things like that and I'm
really I'm really sick of feeling you
know I am productive I do things but I'm
sick of feeling like I waste precious
days like this like this this is
gorgeous so basically I'm sick and tired
of feeling like I waste you know amazing
days and amazing times that I could be
spending with amazing people generally
amazing I don't know I need to make a
change so
we're getting motivated to do that I'm
getting motivated re motivated I'm
starting insanity over because I stopped
like at the end of the 30 days I
basically kind of couldn't do it anymore
I was tired there was a lot going on but
no excuse no you know what no more
excuses I'm gonna do it I stopped and I
shouldn't have stopped so I'm gonna
start over and do 30 days again is this
nice ledge right outside our window I
figured I just hang out here we scare
the guys from simple plan don't make me
do it I'll do it
let's just do it together one two just
like moving the camera up Thank You
Danny and I guess now we have to butter
oh you know what oh no my mine I guess I
am that guy ah that's why this place is
called lai bikini
premiere party with the kings open feel
like I'm in prison just keep pushing it
magic going deep in the friendship
wilderness yeah somebody just cut that
right open we're looking for props for a
new video that water is so green we just
covered all these boats just right next
to the venue hey grumpy puppy what whoa
what watch he's like driving out around
thinking people like oh he's making fun
of me but watch he knows how to time
travel that is like the key of truck
time traveling right there so if I go
over here will you get mad at me if I go
beat up the lion
he's going for another bird run bird
who's that guy jiangshi when he was uh
actually this is only this picture is
only three years ago
that's the Aussie three years ago oh man
and so we're gonna get my phone he uses
it for the click track so
so what have we learned today don't eat
vegetable soup before playing 30 45
minutes set it's starting to come up now
oh you don't blue shoes you need blue
blue shoes right now you like a
redheaded Smurfs
finally got something I camera Yoshi to
see what's up wait where'd you get all
that money there Danny huh huh
that's simple plan's you stealing money
over there how do you like them really
cute yeah I like it Allah sucks you're
super shiny although the other ones are
called hunters and it kind of reminds
you have hunger games yeah very cool
boots number two hunters I'm gonna be
prepared to London guys and Scotland and
crazy trying to pick up Zoe
not gonna happen holy God she's fast ik
figure out what is she doing do not bite
Grammys blanket this happening so what
are you doing if he's Coleen his guitar
lessons yo she says you need guitar
lessons okay oMG Jim I told him he's not
allowed to go to Sam schacter
the entire day we've had a little
special guest in the bathroom when I see
hi
and it's tiny did you find the
sustenance over there Yoshi with the
wine and chips the boy spitting
it's what you call finding snacks
we're just saying hi to everyone right
now all right
how are you time it perfectly have it
perfectly oh no I didn't get yours wipe
it wipe it wipe it bye guys
alright time to leave uh yeah right
there Yosh it's a Michelin Man it was
inspired yesterday bye bye alright
everybody it's time to go to bed I hope
you enjoyed today's video and honey I
love you very much and I miss you he
probably won't see this cuz actually I
don't know maybe the Internet's better
worry is now hopefully fingers crossed
it is I know he's been dealing with some
really crappy internet I love you and I
miss you and I hope the boys are having
fun it looks like you guys are having a
blast and to all of the viewers I love
me too and I hope you guys are having a
blast alright guys hope you have a good
night we'll see you tomorrow
I guess we're having a party
I guess I have to go to bed I am not
feeling good I've been starting to feel
a little bit sick and I want to kind of
go to bed early I just all day I just
been like crappy just laying on the
couch this is a dead end so I'm gonna
drink a bunch of emergency and hopefully
go you know get some sleep and stuff
like that and hopefully bill I kill it
where's the stupid elevator
hey JJ you know the elevator is now
paralyzed oh the big giant red door
don't know how I missed that red button
though usually don't hit the red button
I'll see you guys mom tonight
yes
giddy with child trippy
it would be an early
