good morning cheese this kind of looks
like going worm eat some worms Ariyoshi
section noodles yeah oh sweet freakin
long yeah I'm game
wait broken Oh stickers full stairs I'm
gonna see if I can like record the most
random things today just like there we
go
so for Travis's birthday we brought you
to the Michelin plant mmm there you go
you can see where tires are made I get
the whole marshmallow got to get it
everything it's your birthday
thank you guys I love it but we are
right next to the mission plan it's got
an interesting the employees are paid
like basically like bonuses or extra
they go around the plant and just like
slash tires that are Michelin they're
okay
oh you were trying to him easily amused
over there that's pretty awesome though
none of those values are sketchies
five-dollar footlongs to 90 euro
footlong okay this is hilarious I just
have to show you I'm sorry the dryer is
running so it's loud my mom lost her
eyeglasses like maybe a week ago or two
weeks ago and she's not been able to
find them anywhere look where I just
found them yes that is the dog food and
no I do not have any idea why her in
there show me what you got show me yeah
oh my god uh yeah she's gonna be at that
for a while
you got a palm tree did you tear down a
whole palm tree I also hired my brother
to look superhero and play guitar on my
back porch Jones
today's episode brought to you by Jimmy
John's alright I think it's time to
plant these suckers
oh dude those are totally you right no
one beat you can make Rennie's oh yeah
another rainy day here in France run man
run run run off camera
good show guys better you go to next
place
because he now
Oh
what Ally and I want to
door right now maybe this is my turn
maybe she's getting all cashed up
so for Warped Tour scooters helping me a
redesign the pics my pics for the entire
tour because I'm out and I wanted to
show you guys and get your guys's
opinions so let me know in the comments
what you think so this is what I was
thinking for the the back of it and then
this is what I was thinking for the
front so what'd you guys think pretty
cool
you don't have that much hair I don't i
need the shapes of it hold on let me let
me alter it really quick let's just
change that up and do this there we go I
got a nice little flat top there you go
is that one is that better Danny wait
wait should I be a little right here
first car oh yeah yeah okay a little
racer right there and then and then I
would give myself a nice little hat see
here
or wear a hat there we go yeah there we
go we got a nice little hat going on
all right there's there we go yeah
there's a little hat some bushes in the
background
those are bushes guys who get in though
hey hey I found Waldo you need a hat
dude you look like a barber pole and a
candy cane well you look very pretty
like that you are the most beautiful
girl on the planet give me your best
moves oh yeah that was that was your
best that's sad no I'm getting that was
very good you know what you know how are
you doing right now yeah you're doing a
split second what are we doing right now
we're scouting scoping out some games
for future drunk gaming reboots I ain't
throw the third let's build characters
and laugh at him I think we should do
the sims 3 pets okay that could uh
roused some very exhilarating commentary
from the truck judges are you drunk now
hey what you doing you eat lunch you
thinking about its brief uh no milling
away that thing is adorable dude last
night was so
name that song I'll give you a hint we
share love almost organized right it's
so organized Tim Allen would be proud
that birthday happy birthday honey
camera thank you guys so much thank you
thank you guys this is amazing it's a
great it's very good
oh my god is it on you could fill up
very drunk guys this is travis from we
the kings and uh i the guys got me a
camera
come on dr. JJ you're right you're right
yeah yeah what's your name Trevor
thank you guys name it was the perfect
amount now we don't have to pay
royalties I wish that I never have the
opportunity to tour with simple plan
again just like you're looking crazy
oh no that's a coin remember the rule
threes guys this is so funny this dog
the balls right there he comes and gets
interest starts to bring it but then
he'll drop it and run away again he'll
just lay down and wait alright so let's
do it you ready ready come on get it so
oh of course you missed the one I'm
recording she caught all the other ones
I've thrown she drops the one while I'm
filming you stinker yes stinker you make
me look bad looks like grass this oh my
god that's nasty
epic Apollo 13 montage do you guys feel
like we should do that after every show
yes so the secret phrase is happy
birthday Travis because it's his
birthday we just celebrated heaven go to
bed I will see you guys tomorrow
yes
giddy with child tripping
Nellie
