it's already a crazy day at the tripi
household we are hi Paul mr. Fixit
we have just completely wrecked the
washing machine we didn't really wreck
it I actually looked it up on YouTube
how to fix a Kenmore 70 series washer
and you know what there was right there
Ghostbusters theme song that's cool
that's some points like impossible to do
anything on an iPad
that isn't lost
did we take a wrong turn since we really
have no idea where at we're just trying
to find some cool things got some food
or something that's just a hotel I don't
know what that is that's a hotel let's
try that
well no fun well when something awesome
doesn't show up on your iPhone GPS you
go looking for it and hope that you find
something fun alright this is a little
ridiculous here I don't understand it
okay but this is kind of this is kind of
a hazard
okay that I just feel like such a putz
right now so I'm like walking around
through the halls of the hotel like this
and this young girl comes out and she's
seeing me going like this and I'm sure
this is pretty creepy just make me in
the dark just doing this and then she
just goes like this ready for it yeah
yeah morning how you sleepy
Frances kicking my butt everything I do
is wrong here I didn't realize there's a
light switch in there you'll see that
with I try to explain yeah you'll see
tomorrow you tired I want to go back to
bed
go man go go go go man go go go go my
dad is the hero can Dennis fix it
yes he totally can what's going on yeah
well it's a good look for you let's see
the back oh yeah so I was supposed to go
and hang out I was gonna go see a cabin
in the woods it was really excited to go
and see it but I you cannot drive
anywhere right now
I have random nauseousness coming on and
I know she's not pregnant no I'm not
pregnant you guys are gonna think I'm
lying I have to rest for a couple hours
it sucks
people who got migraines you totally
know what I mean it's it's never quick
takes hours so can I lay down and then
hopefully I'll be able to take the girl
to the park or something I shouldn't
have said that so loud they just heard
me and Marley's like who would look at
her I said the P word oh oh did she say
Park
we are I dropped it
visit what is wrong with me want to see
something I broke the camera just like
you broke yours the other day see it
it's cracked it's cracked right there
I've broke you guys alley broke you guys
the other day now we're two of them but
yeah we're at this place we're in this
part of the country I have no idea can
you read that well we went to go outside
and try to find you know the local area
and stuff like that from food maybe some
I don't know shops or something and it
just started raining this is the weather
we're looking at right now it's I'm
gonna put the GoPro on you guys that way
you know I don't ruin it
down down down down down down down down
okay can't believe I just did that close
close close close I I apologize for that
guys I completely dropped you no big
deal you just fell for your fluffle why
did you stop like that I'm having the
worst luck in France I keep cutting
myself falling down keep dropping stuff
you live yeah I'm having the I'm having
the worst luck here in France for some
reason I don't know what it is just just
my time to have bad luck ah
all right what do you got there today a
hash brown hash brown and a burger and
ham I didn't get my eggs oh oh yeah oh
he's got the eggs where right you got
only three three or four more hours dude
four hours until Travis's birthday so
that what you're drinking we just filmed
a scene from The Hangover where we're
just like oh let's step one drink now
and tomorrow we'll have no idea what's
going on so job probably good get drunk
I'm just like sickness check us out if
you want to have a discreet phone phone
calls like a stall excuse you guys I got
to make it up make it a big phone call
because this gives me a lot of privacy
alright guys I started feeling better
and I decided to make a nice dinner for
myself so check it out
pastor lovely meat sauce
oh yeah oh yeah and of course she wants
him no way Jose even so right now but
not the new wait I just said sitting up
sitting up the computer look at it she
gotta take the picture well yeah I'm in
a way so big it was off-screen go man go
go
so he wants doing this it seems like a
really weird like futuristic Buju ask
for it or something yeah
like you're in suits and stuff you like
I don't know been one of those days it's
been raining all dates fine as you guys
saw us but it's clearing up now but
we're like in the middle of nowhere like
keep you asking
we literally keep asking a different
person at the front desk like what we
can do with like fast food restaurants
or like you know bars or anything they
just laugh at us there's nothing where
we're at it's one of those days that
like I got a lot of sleep last night and
I slept
and I'm just like really antsy I had two
coffees had two coffees nothing I'm just
don't lay down here in the middle of
lobby because I can does Charles vision
very boring did did you I mean I'm gonna
check you out you how to open up this is
Yoshi's first bought all the champagne
see this right here yep
nope already there hmm yeah put now pull
it off pull it off all the time
just enough to make it fly there we go
now you gotta find this here no no keep
it with your eyes do the exact opposite
of what you did with a BB gun squeeze up
Oh
Elvis's birthday and it's been awesome
we celebrated his holiday it's been
fantastic it's chronic stress guys got
pumped I got six guys that that is what
I'm always that's so 80s
how eighties is that that's exactly what
I'm always quoting alright guys well
it's time to go to bed it's been a long
day and okay well that's not working and
I gotta go through the freaky
yeah there we go now we can see I
yes it's Travis's birthday we got a show
tomorrow and wait what is guys
worse yet sexy
with trippy
with Turkey and Ali don't forget
