holy what the what they're huge
also my strawberries are starting to
grow it's a good day guys
oh very good
it is our 45 minute stop
like we the car can only drive for us in
about an hour's until like I guess in
your update that you have like some sort
of mechanism that shuts off the battery
so we have to stop every like eight
hours or something forward to like be
charged or something I don't know it's
like a legal limit or whatever in Europe
so this is our 45 minute break is
hanging out here and a you know and I
gas station trying to find some lead I'm
sorry do you need something see it what
you need getting any thumbs that's what
you need race car Marley race car Miley
everytime it never fails I never seen a
dog so excited about one particular yard
like she loves my parents yard this play
says it all
laundry showers there's so many Jessie
rooms that just took my own dislike
started kicking the couch over here so I
could actually charge everything ah this
is how I'm able to get the vlog uploaded
so we just drove through the entire
night whoo that was rough I'm pumped for
the show I'm pumped I'm just gonna take
up on that guys just gonna take a little
nap on this IKEA couch doesn't it look
like it looks like I bet I better than
IKEA cows has to be and upload the clips
Ali and then get some sleep time for
lunch or whatever it is what time is it
yep time for lunch the best thing about
Europe
they have coffee right but they don't
really really like espresso so yeah tell
me this isn't creepy okay did I get you
guys a bluff above it you're above the
fog in the vlog
huge and the lights go off in wherever
we are hard friends something with
Nettie is I think oh there's a crap
there's a little spot on the camera damn
it
I should get one of these for my house
look at the size of the tanks it's like
scuba equipment good morning
no you look pretty you look like you
just woke up you have fun yesterday yeah
yeah the paparazzi what times you get
home you party animal I'll make the
entire internet yarn do it begun
you're faking it and turned into a real
one didn't it now how many people does
yawn I mean to be completely honest I'm
genuinely curious on how he ended up in
that position like a turtle on I
answered questions in the world
such a douche back in jail
oh boy gearing up for the live show guys
I had some login issues so I was a
little bit late but now we're doing a
live show so let's do it
I can't there what
there we go no charge I don't move it my
name is Marlene I don't get enough
attention oh no no I almost said yes
yeah No what are you doing him she's so
weird every time I go I just did a live
show every time I am at my computer for
longer than 10 minutes and I'm not
paying attention her she comes over and
does this and she's doing it to dot now
it's buried all night it's free tonight
yeah oh look at this so many dishes I'm
gonna go see how down I'm married oh it
looks really good I always try to make
them small but I always gonna make a
giant huge I can't I can't look a small
gotta cram too many toppings in there
Zoe you are not supposed to be doing
what you do look it
oh my god that is way too brave what
Blue Rock mall do April
like what hey guys what'd you think of
that I'm smelling hair arms we're all
just enjoying a little scooter action
right now I didn't do boo-yan spits up
if you guys didn't see it I'm gonna do
the full version on the iPhone channel
youtube.com/ says trippy I'll put the
link down there
it just it's five minutes of gold so
I'll just put it up there laughter this
is like the happy
yeah watch the full version the links
right there watch the full version or
click right here ally put an annotation
right here
what do you got there grilled cheese
sandwich being all-american over there
be an American
daddy's got his him I took it off he had
his American shirt on Savi's that were
my forte I can do it with there we go oh
yeah right down there one in 12 I can
get everyone watching this video is
probably doing this and for the cameras
guarantee I guarantee and then there
were none
except Kohli shaking around shake it
shake it I want to say thank you to
everyone who came out in the cold to say
hi Koli and I were like out there like
saying hi to everyone and they kept
telling us we had to leave and coolies
like yeah yeah yeah it's okay we'll keep
doing it then I was just like saying it
was okay just cuz I couldn't understand
it what they're saying so breaking the
rules dude
call your cheating bye guys ready going
no that's one for three you know it's I
love you like I love you honey
Oh cheesy it's happy that could be right
secret phrase one for three everyone
right one for three any comments that's
this your first day and don't forget to
check out the bonus video scooter losing
his cool losing his mind that you will
it's like three and a half of minutes of
him just laughing his ass off it's
pretty funny so alright well guys I won
4-3 you but not as much as I won 4-3
ally benzoate Marley but you guys are
right there well it's time to go to bed
for me our wolf actually that's a lie
we're gonna watch a movie I'm lying I
just I don't know it's always been weird
guys I know I haven't been present a
whole lot in this video I apologize for
that it's a recovery day last night was
kind of crazy so thank you peanut
gallery fabulous well that would be
amazing
I'm gonna ATDs kick in it I'm not even
gonna continue saying what I was gonna
say what if like they just follow me
around all day well I was vlogging like
everything I say they just make comments
about it or like sound effects so we're
gonna watch a movie now I'm gonna take
the state of relax
it's been kinda crazy and I actually let
it slip in the live show but I you know
what I'll tell you guys too
I am going to UK I am going to UK I'm
going to be visiting Charles in the UK
for our four year anniversary of the
vlogs so that's exciting I will be there
on the 30th and I'll be there for I
think like a Manchester show and the
London show I'm really really exciting
so I've never been so you guys are
coming any of those shows I'll get to me
it's so exciting I'm gonna go and relax
now it's been a crazy day we'll see you
tomorrow
love you guys good night
yes
with trippy
worse
Nellie
