ah yeah so this is my camera where is it
logging on a new camera see brand new
camera here's my old one that does not
look good at all
whoopsie my god you being a weirdo again
you're not good at hiding that yeah I
know God what are you you're an alien
exactly good morning guys wait this
isn't the same elevator they have Xbox
wait what
okay there's a Kinect oh man there is
primitive you know what's really funny
like the dirtiest things in like any
building is proud of the kids toys I
remember Lincoln lately Lincoln Logs all
you can all you could really do is ever
just build a house
try to get to the roof my bad take
reverse Jenga good there I'm actually
kind of impressed I'm I'm really worried
right here widen up like so you can see
right here you need to like widen this
out
there's no widening there oh look at
this shit here just suck up
unfortunately we missed it
got pretty tall though now that we're
done playing with a
Tinkertoys and Lincoln Lincoln Logs and
building blocks of towers we're gonna go
walk around what city is this Lily Lily
France get there with toxins out you can
recharge the body you can run and then
you can shoot rainbows out of your head
the brave rose overhead the
architectures awesome here
okay it is I'm not going to show you
guys that that's pretty girls best part
of Europe is everything looks like a
movie set it's like a soundstage the one
thing about having all these awesome
buildings is they all kind of kind of
look alike
so I'm a little lost awesome lost in
France
everything looks the same
if I'm just like walking around cuz
people kind of staring at me like I'm
American but I was just curious do you
think I could fit in look like Italian
French or any other country like Finnish
or Swedish you think about you like look
at me I could be like a pass it's kind
of funny how like you know it maybe it
could be the camera you know what I
think I might can't for talking in the
camera that might be it
this looks familiar I think I'm going in
circles is interesting here's the
aftermath more cookies I can't stop I'm
addicted to them they're so good I need
to be any healthy oh I can't stop eating
these cookies they're so great oh
they're my favorite I love them so much
are you doing yeah baby this is actually
like the most tedious part I get really
annoyed if I don't if all my balls
aren't the same so I'm just trying to
like I literally never get text messages
until the cameras rolling and then it
goes off so yeah this is the last
basically last step I'm gonna make a
little glaze or whatever - but one
cookie bowl oh my arthritis is acting up
or something and it's like I have a
problem with my mouse clicking finger
like the finger that I use for my
trackpad and everything I have one that
I have problems in that joint I really
do it's just weird I wonder if that's
gonna be a thing people are gonna start
having issues with their necks we have a
piper down oh god oh god I don't want to
burn myself
Oh No
cookie so there's a big American biker
gang here there's so many of them pretty
good impression
all right today we're doing kind of
because it's kind of like our off day
we're doing one of these uh it's kind of
like it's like a secret show but it's
not really a secret show it's um I just
want to show you the venue it's so this
is a secret show for only a hundred kids
right and this is the venue we're
actually playing on like a boat like a
military boat great I took there so like
there's a hundred kids that can only get
into the show and this is like the
coolest venue I've ever been in is a
legit boat
aye aye captain Coley is we're gonna
call you Popeye with that hat it's
awesome so cool they actually never
played a venue like this like I was
saying you can look out the what are
these column he remember the column it's
like the technical tariff or something
like that but yeah 100 kids get to fit
in here only huh I wonder if it's like a
help like a safety hazard exactly what
you should never do what they're doing
he's down in their potential thing is
like go
did it actually work I guess I got a
this is a venue is this cool little
scary fair are you going on it going on
it baby
everyone's going on it and I'm gonna
give them the GoPro and we're gonna try
to do the GoPro action go call it go
you happy with your decision I'm so
happy I'm not allowed to get on
rollercoasters for at least six to eight
months so that's why I couldn't do it
next time though here we go and then it
just drops Scott you on the other side
Charles I'm so sorry if I drop this
camera Dania while we're up here I guess
we should talk about life would you be
content with dying right now they do her
next to you by your side Yoshi
absolutely
run down this in their shoes hell no
hell yeah let's do it
no we are going out for the you don't
want a spinner whole night in the
hospital
oh that's true that is a good plan
Hannah always thinking so we're gonna go
to if you kiss the head the head I don't
know why I said it like that and then I
think we're gonna go to Darwin is it jar
with Darwin's you look super intelligent
and sassy thank you which is actually
what you normally look like too but they
look a lot more like you are look at
your outfit you are vintage Barbie what
are the chances of this
you guys look so good your inverted
versions of each other oh look at you go
alright guys it's time to bring in our
drive without a nine-hour Drive - I
believe is not 9/10 90s or something
like that France so I will see you guys
later time to get some sleep in the van
and yeah bye guys
double super dramatic wasn't it was
really awesome
alright now I'm seriously going
worse yet sexy
giddy with child tripping
to be an early Zoey
