hi Judy you watching Dragon Ball Z time
to wake up so what do you guys think the
story is about that shoe that is quite a
lot of production right there the sweet
stage we got this awesome
look it's like gonna kill TV oh I got
some copy though so I went to go get my
trusty old shows show shirt and I went
to unlock the door and you'll never
guess what happened all right use the
wrong key I guess but they all look the
same and the key broke off in latch yeah
times I just had a mini panic attack
right now and I don't even know where
the keys the keys that hurts bad sucks
these were pristine condition and now
we're giving them back unless I can fix
this alright to make it look like we
didn't just smash the crap out of oh
Jesus
remember how we were talking about like
the worst case scenario Adi just
informed us that was the ignition forced
me to do it already go get your manicure
your oh man pedicure yep this is
happening you promised you would do it
you promised you would do it alright ah
what is happening why is this dripping I
don't know what to do oh my washer keep
walking just like
but I don't know how to fix it brother I
I don't want to touch anything it could
be as simple as tightening a seal but I
don't want it to leak more water scares
me anytime there's a leak or anything I
don't want to touch it
shut up Wow yeah me too
so he's half in and half out of the
house she can't decide what she wants
Oh what you doing cuz I'm being cute
we're follow you around I'm gonna follow
you around I'm gonna follow you around
till we can so we can go the cam okay so
give Travis things that say in the
comments and he'll read them tomorrow so
for the rest of the French dates Travis
have things to say in French land okay
we need help Danny have anything come on
turn a boo
what a boat francais do you speak
Spanish you speak Spanish do you speak
Spanish I'm losing a lot huh I believe
to Abell is your beautiful really yeah
just say that over and over again do you
know any French oh wow peewee
bye peewee our knowledge together we
might be able to form a phrase or
something and look I cut myself again oh
boy all in all though that was uh that
was awesome I never I never thought I'd
be playing in France so no matter what
that was freaking awesome
since the internet is so slow here we're
getting about I don't know Oh point 0.3
kilobytes per second I thought this was
appropriate for the room you guys feel
better now this is it
do you remember this and then when you
just got online barely did this let me
pick up a bone and then lost your
connection had to do all over again yeah
there we go
I like that one yeah so my first web
site I've ever been on was Nintendo comm
was yours
do you remember yours porno hub you were
yours no hunter mine was actually
probably Baywatch common it was like
keone something weird really yeah what
was it it meant my coloring like Hawaii
I wonder if my name is the hex on the
show she's got to come and you guys they
had a scooter cuz he's looking bored
over here what are you doing over that's
cute yeah there's a video over there
you got the bug get the bug over there
this is sick lighting Sony's letting all
the bands use
coolest thing ever because this
production is unbelievable
didn't land like really tiny that's my
hope it's like this and like a Zack
Morris timeout first ride there about
the cow that counts all right Danny
would you call this bubble tape we're
leaving the bubble tape bubble tape
arena we're just celebrating we're gonna
miss Skrillex unfortunately next time
but we got to beat that rein over there
wait focus focus there to ring so cheers
guys
happy April 20th oh let's get on the
road
oh boy so all day I pretty much spent my
time getting ready for this like huge
party for the Sarasota Film Festival I
know that seems pretty lame but it's
just like a bit I don't know it's
exciting there are a lot of people there
are a lot of directors and actors and
filmmakers and stuff like that so I'm
going to lose live those gone I'm
wearing this really crazy dress right
now that I bought a while ago and I'm
kind of not sure how I feel in it it's
really crazy and I know it's crazy but
it's kind of like the reason why I dyed
my hair like I know it's nuts but I kind
of want to do it anyway I'm going
through a rebellious phase guys no not
really I don't know which is like for
the wedding I wasn't able to dye my hair
or like change anything so um cuz I
wanted it you know be like all my
natural hair color so for those of you
asking why I decided to dye my hair I
just wanted to wait until I was really
gung-ho about doing it after the wedding
so that's why I haven't dyed my hair in
such a long time but yeah I'm excited
for this party it's gonna be really fun
also I'm sure as you guys know today it
was 4/20 so for those of you who were
checking that madness hope you had a
good and safe day also apparently
yesterday was national high five day and
I was totally supposed to high-five you
guys but I didn't say you know what
high five guys
there's the water and it's beautiful
that interview for what I'm not really
sure they asked us a bunch of questions
about integrals
yeah that's probably the best thing I've
ever seen you look great
okay they've got all these props lately
oh yeah oh I did not know that you
played Hannah I do I'm really talented I
see that now
okay so we're doing a photo booth where
there's just a plethora
this is looking real dangerous
no she's not gonna do
let's go explore and see if this is
apparently we're in Belgium I know what
is this gonna go make sure my tailors
look beautiful
well I guess there's nothing else to do
we go to bed I guess happy 4/20 guys
happy April 20th I do want to say that
it has been so amazing the last couple
days I hope you guys have been having a
blast seeing all these different
countries traveling with us it's awesome
and the only thing I can make it better
is it now though is here but no it's
been really cool to be able to see what
Ali's doing and you know she can see
what I'm doing and stuff like that
that's why we vlog and speaking of vlogs
what is it today is 4/20 how was it look
at it really ten eleven days until three
years we started our fourth year
vlogging three years of consecutive
logging love missing one day and as if
we're all over the place it's so amazing
it's one of those things where all this
is just I don't know I just have to say
thank you I'm gonna go to bed guys I
will see you tomorrow tomorrow's more
France and some more interesting stuff
oh and uh if you guys didn't know
already that the new store is up a
dftba.com so CTFxC
the links down there in the description
but you can get all the shirts and all
the hoodie so that way you know if your
dude and you're walking around a girl is
gonna come up to be like oh so where did
you get that awesome shirt you like yeah
I know you want my number right is she
like
yes and then you guys are just gonna
fall madly in love so it was a very fun
evening we got to hang out with some
very cool people I just got home here
with the girly news I think they're up
she's siding you guys ready for bed
this can be people pee can I go
yes
without trippin
we're 20
Biennale
