guys we're heading to France we just
made the best discovery ever Denmark and
they're awesome gloves oh you came in
Britain as well don't you give them
their - what is the addy by the way
no he's driving you'll see him a lot by
the way I know right because you get a
hen stinks of these if you do I mean not
to mention how many hands touch me I
can't film any of this Paris can't film
any of this this area that was filmed in
st. Pete actually it's the adult version
oh my god here's a fun fact
cuz this was a filmed illegally in st.
Pete the legally in st. Pete and they
have our version of it as the highest
person I believe you Prix verts let me
see this
on a ferry to friends got a third
friends we just parked the car and I
shot I'm on a boat come on here she got
a big old wiener right there thank you
situation I wanted to come out here and
check out the outside see if I can see
any of the water I think we're coming
going from Copenhagen obviously to
France and I think we're going across
the Baltic Sea which is kind of funny I
remember learning about all the seas I
never thought I'd be going on a ferry
through the Baltic Sea iceberg straight
okay what are we doing Jeff
ma'am I don't know if I told you guys
this but I am doing a charity fashion
show on April 27th I've never done a
fashion show and I am NOT a model but
it's gonna be really fun oh we get to
just like I think we get to have our
faces painted and wear wigs and stuff
and since it's her and animal charity I
think it might actually be animal but
it's crazy doing fittings cuz they just
hand you clothes and even if they look
really fat on you you still have a
choice behind so hopefully they won't
make us wear any that stuff yeah but oh
he'll be so cool holy guacamole your
mermaid that is fabulous
how do you feel you kind of look like
that uploading the video I just this
uploader screen literally just changed i
refresh the page I navigate it onto the
upload screen and then I did something
else and I came back and it changed to
the new uploader I've never seen this
before I hope I'm doing it all right
makes me nervous when things change
I really wish oh man these are the times
especially I always was Charles was here
but I especially wish that I had Charles
around when I have an issue with
anything YouTube related because he
knows how to handle it and I'm not
totally you know not internet savvy but
I'm also not an expert at navigating
YouTube and like doing all the right
settings so I really sometimes I really
need his help and he's not here babe I'm
good you know do you guys believe this
these are my sunflowers they're growing
so nicely I totally want to get this
four zillion Marley pretty much the tour
I've been really fortunate with Wi-Fi
except today I'm just getting the rest
of the clips it's 4 a.m. Dani and I are
taking a walk across the street to this
hotel you hear all the birds it's 4 a.m.
and the birds are like freaking going
crazy
Charles when you're you know watching
these videos down the road we're in
Germany Dani asked and ladies just
laughed at us so we're in Germany now
that we're in Germany it's time to go oh
he drives time to go to France would you
like some sex
orgy sex orgy I could use some scented
everyone want some sex is you my ham
Santa Mon bath and cost money it is a
German countryside
it's raining dang and I really wanted to
take the girls up to the park today
unfortunately we're not gonna be able to
do that but I am super stoked I'm going
to the film festival right now to watch
a movie called first position which is a
movie about these young dancers and I
think they're training for the Grand
Prix but I know it's gonna make me sad a
little bit because I love dance and I
grew up I did ballet for years and I
know it's gonna make me miss it so I
know it's gonna be a little sad for me
but I'm super super excited to see it so
I'll let you guys know what I think of
that film okay I just saw first position
which is a movie about the dancers oh my
gosh if you have any passion for dance
or just like young awesome discipline
people it's really really a great movie
it's like it was so moving it was so
beautiful it made me miss dancing a lot
that was kind of sad I knew I was gonna
get super emotional the stories were
just so great followed a bunch of
different characters on the journey to
just basically win scholarships and it
was just a life-changing experience for
all of them so if you're a dancer never
give up I know it's really hard but I
quit and I wish I didn't so don't quit
and if you like it did you cry I cried a
lot did you cry I think we all died oh
yeah in the moments when they're
performing I'm literally like oh god oh
god oh god animate and then they do
their final pose like yeah we are
finally here and rainy France all right
here where are we
South : that's cool-looking church or
Cathedral are we supposed to be going
this way oh my god bring it reven ill
the orca doesn't even sound like a good
thing they didn't switch you didn't
switch so I got to go ahead by my doctor
by my doctor I mean Ali and I'm having
my first glass of champagne 1.5 yes so
indeed it they'll just eat it down oh my
god I'm so happy right now
look what I just found
with pokemon pinball I was so good at
this game I never see I'm good at games
I was good at this game I have high
score six billion on the blue level in
pokemon pinball I cannot believe I found
this I'm going to be absent for the next
24 hours right pokemon silver and Sony
one pinball video games bad luck with
all of it
yes one bad as far as the festival to be
like it's gonna be crazy festival watch
to cabeza hopefully tomorrow I'll be
able to upload because we gotta go from
one festival to another and there might
not be internet so if there isn't it I
will get it as soon as possible be maybe
a day late but Ali will still be around
and uploading the footage and stuff like
that but just wanted to give you guys a
heads up so I will see you guys later
good night good night honey bye oh by
the way for those who didn't believe me
see she gave me the okay okay now I have
to go to bed I will see you guys later
I'm in France I'm in France that's crazy
right you know what
overall pretty successful day saw a
really great movie and I found my
gameboy color instant throwback I am I
can't even explain to you how emotional
I am not that thing it's so cool
if you guys owned a gameboy color let me
know in the comments below what your
favorite game was mine was totally
pokemon silver my brother had gold and
we did the little infrared thing where
you can like train Pokemon and stuff
because there were certain you know
certain versions you can only get
certain Pokemon in blah blah blah anyway
I'm sure I'm boring some of you but holy
crap guys it's Game Boy Color like where
the hell did that even come from I am so
freaking excited that I found it so yeah
if you had a favorite game let me know
in the comments below I also really
liked Kirby tilt and tumble I think it
was one of the first games that I played
that had like the sensor
anyway if you know what I'm talking
about you're excited if you don't I'm
sorry it's a really fun game that's it
for today we love you guys and as always
we'll see you tomorrow good night
see what you did
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
be an ally
