good morning guys we are at the Rio
Grande national force and it looks this
is our campsite
it looks freaking gorgeous the only
thing that you guys missed was that I
was raining last night and I had the
direct ally but the campsite so I was
outside in the rain free it's freezing
up here by the way it was like 50
degrees I stand alone I was out in the
freezing rain backing this stupid thing
up trying to figure out where everything
was on your hand I'm Doug
I'll see you later peace this is where
we're at now get our car we're gonna go
get a Jeep for today the granite is
hiking so pretty here first off we're
not used to be altitude is very
difficult and actually is a very
beautiful loss like oh it's just up the
hill I've been walking for like this it
may not the mountain but look at these
mountains and it was so crazy last night
we didn't get to see any of this so
pitch-black we woke up this morning and
we were kind of taken back a little
because obviously we didn't see any of
it but it's so beautiful and found out
to that on our campsite there was a bear
that was roaming around so we have to be
super careful with that tonight
especially with the dogs could have a
wide diesels barking last night makes
sense start the adventure where as far
as gonna go first
she can make that jump nope yep yep
that rain look that those clouds leave
with his fingers brought from the time
were you three Florida that's true
that'll be an amount of lightning so we
came to very fun no wearing creed ring
free Colorado and it's really tiny
talent I so you can see it's a beautiful
just landscape every round right now
what was hurting to do is we're trying
to find like a trail to hike on or a
little confused on the map go figure
Charles is inside this mine museum is
right over there and we're going to
hopefully figure it out because it
started raining rain is kind of passing
now and I think that were actually need
to do also did I mention it is freezing
cold right now totally different was is
it in New Mexico ma'am do you better
look over here will Lily Marley ma'am
Marley hey look at me Marty you're not
supposed to be up here
off on our first little hiking trail we
kind of stumbled on this one called
tentacles I think it's probably the
easiest for the first first trail get
used to it
alright guys ready and with the raincoat
yeah it's raining by the way so Billy
Goats are killing it you guys pondering
life over there you ready to go yes you
want to keep going in gentle funny so
we're taking a little stop like every
quarter mile so the dogs don't pass out
or maybe it's so that we don't pass out
so we're realizing it's a little bit
more treacherous for them than we
anticipated so we're going to see how
far we can go we'll go keep going up
why'd it break for everybody huh more hi
you having fun
oh you guys like in then it's absolutely
beautiful though check out this
beautiful view that's my favorite part
right there as you can see it it doesn't
even look real behind your head
No so it's photoshopped after-effects
you're not really there you're totally
not there for real totally not there you
know what this is okay
you
don't be the entry you right there it's
so you have to be have to be oh yeah
they're gonna great I think they like
going down it we're going down we're
doing it so pretty
nevermind I got the dorky-ass thing on
my head I had to give you guys some sort
of first-person angle on this I feel
like I could say whatever I want right
now and it won't matter because no one's
going to take me serious it's very hard
to take somebody serious with a giant
GoPros strapped on their head this
purple turtle over here just keeps
grabbing all those wild flowers they're
so pretty though
you do look like a turtle yeah purple
turtle where we were actually hiking as
in this video no it's more of a town
called Creede Colorado
I don't know it's Creek Colorado no the
towns called freeze it's one of those
towns that if you blink you literally
just pop it I think maybe like took like
a minute to drive through yeah at first
I just thought was pile of rocks that's
not creepy at all that's some good news
at least this is pretty much the town
right here
Rose talk about is it Rio Grande or
grande Grande like this is the Rio tall
this is the real venti this is the Rio
venti National Forest you know it's
cooler look at the sign hey look it's
very she's probably knock it down she
was knock things down please are we
starting to knock things down help
mothers on the food
mothers on the food see at the end of it
and that's just the wolf you know it's
challenge we're walking which is like um
werewolf in town oh yeah that was it
that's the end of the town so small
we're finding out that the further west
you go the more friendly they are to
dogs
it's kind of crazy but I love it feel
like we need to move out west florida
likes dogs but they're not all like I
mean like like stores I will just let
you go in like that off-roading does the
map are going by people have been
telling us where to kind of go well
we're trying to find a trail it's easier
for ya the glass was a little little
steep look at that it was winding
literally of all these pine trees
everywhere so it literally smells like
Christmas throughout this entire area
yeah in July oh okay there you go here
maybe China hey check it out Marv he's
going in no and I kind of want to go in
to be honest with you who could hop
right in front of us
that was the trail we were going to go
on it would have ran right into a good
guy zone
oh no she stuck her head in a bush and
it came out with that little good girl
here's mine
they're cool bring her back I think
these puppies are getting a little tired
Molly low bruh it's been beautiful it's
kind of crazy that it was raining and
pouring earlier and now like just
breathtaking thank your foreign visa
look at he comes and crashes your
Christmas trees it's easy a piece of a
tree things of love very moving a giant
dog and that's like similar for a big
name like a giant Horace B those like
what Hey
dear horses trying to fill up the water
tank so when we go to the sand dunes
tomorrow just in case we do kind of a
dry camp we have water at least because
that would be really they actually have
a washing machine here so they don't
have fluff and fold like on tour so I
had to go get a bunch of coins and I
feel like I'm at the casino right now
betting on off
Queen of Hearts Kirby we're going to
clean clean clean that launder you clean
that laundry right now well it's a
washer look they desire they're in drag
look we just wash that would use all
your juice all your dirty underwear this
is what we're doing on a Saturday night
the lady ended up Ramazan yeah I'm a
real exciting credit event they're going
to paint crazy all initiative newlywed
life newly okay you know it's called
responsible life that's what it's called
this is what Ali was doing when I was
what was I doing
I was getting the Jeep it's so quiet you
can hear anyways what I was trying to
say was good so far haha it's so quiet
your vows are duck more of a duck
so this is Ali's first time ever playing
horseshoes truthfully I have no idea
what I'm doing here
other than throwing more shoes so I got
one hyah
God zero I haven't even made it into
just like area actual area very good
like eight feet before just the poles
I'm game close you got a bed
GoPro action I got one you got one and
it's gone it was so close to getting a
horseshoe I've never actually done that
what do you mean an actual sport like an
actual like one of these whose it will
like a real point one of those like I've
never done that before
all the ratchets it's so funny they're
actually accepting this now at their
home no RV life I'm actually kind of
digging it I don't know if I could do it
for a long period of time three weeks I
think might be our max you know this
will be crazies once we get home our
house is going to be filled it's going
to feel like a giant frickin mansion no
no no no no no be yay mommy I well today
is the first day that we actually have
the camp and hike so this is the first
time really of the trip that we actually
are being camping get utilizing
everything we actually got to do laundry
today for the dryer and wasn't a very
good try person I wasn't a very good 90%
okay so we're kind of just doing this
fun little thing hope you guys enjoy
today's video as always don't forget to
subscribe and we will see you tomorrow
at the Great Sand Lake no sand using
sand dunes is basically like a desert
full of dunes of sand obviously in the
great apparently the great I don't know
and after a long day of hiking
everyone's done for all right I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always bye guys
