are you bored honey you want something
new every day two two two two two
oh yeah I forgot about that huh so time
to take the stairs I should just like
push it McDonald's McDonald's
it's it's selling again Ali would be so
giddy right now look honey snow it's
actually real it's actually this is the
coldest I've ever ever felt see that
what you're smoking right your dad
Martin dead man you're dead sucker all
the luggage hello hello all right
maybe we'll get this Sweden I forget
scooter on a scooter I would be pretty
happy scooter can you please get on the
scooter
can you please fit on the scooter this
is awesome like what you know you want
to say it you know you want to say it
there it is the turning radius is superb
I haven't slept 40 days
could this be how the curse gets Travis
so I'm making my monster cookies again
and I just realized you know what
this is probably what a party at Charlie
Sheen's house looks like so I finished
baking my cooking they like a love
letter and I'm going to deliver some to
my mom on a little bit because they're
her favorite cookie so I figured oh did
you hear that we were gonna go somewhere
whoa well it's my favorite part of the
day
getting gas not really totally hated I
can't believe how expensive gasses I
don't want everybody freaked out when I
got close to four now it's like man it's
over four bucks a gallon not much we can
do about it so fairly there's another
one over here they use this for getting
gate the gate dude we got a scooter race
a scooter race you should not get on the
plane
natural magic focus penis gummies all
right around a little euro travel
'mobile Yoshi and see though he owes me
two euros already you broke the cup
holder that's got mine on the other hand
is excellent so they don't have just
iced coffee so I'm going to make my own
primitive you got to do it man
we can go get a boat right there there's
a theme park Museo oh look what we
stumbled upon can't decipher what this
wall is that's cool
fin Gruden fin guru didn't I I'm gonna
apologize to everyone in Sweden right
now because I probably give everyone who
I'm talking to or everything I read the
the Swedish Chef from the Muppets
no one goes boy I'm just just that's
what I grew up and nykeya that's all I
know of Sweden so this is actually
really interesting a my bed was great
hey do you guys see any Swedish fishing
out there any of them and that's corny
in honor of Charles being in Sweden my
mom and I decided to hit I can't back
speed so we're taking over guys yeah
that was kind of like passed Charles
what are you doing at an IKEA kiosk that
freaks me out he was also wearing the
same shorts that Charles wears
that's where you guys I have no torso
kind of like the smear actually
am i covering the mic yes everyone's in
Zombie zombi mode right now we were up
as you guys saw we walked walking around
kind of just zombie noises we were just
walking around and I stayed up the
entire night to make sure the vlog
uploaded I was having problems uploading
so to make sure my Clips got the alley
in time I stay up all night and now I'm
reaping reaping all the I don't even
know what I'm saying I'm tired
oh yeah this it's nice in red I'm
wearing my ikt shirt in honor of the new
store being up as we talked about
yesterday the the hoodies and the shirts
are back on sale on our new store
dftba.com plus CTFxC so things down
there and now you can get your hoodies
and new shirts
so I'm wearing it today in a hunter of
that to celebrate the new the new store
oh the ghost of Sean Connery in the hunt
of October Sokoli totally just broke
into this theme park like we had there
like jumped up the fence we had to punch
a couple of security guards and we're in
here it's the most difficult thing we've
ever done actually just went out the
back way we're here they just let people
walk through here it's kind of cool now
we're gonna figure out how to turn the
roller
yeah that would be cool look at this
thing I was just don't call it reminds
me of uh Adventureland there's like no
one here sure you guys remember when
Allie and I had the road trip and we did
the same thing on that like really
creepy tourist trap this is way better
is for you look at squirrel is ears he's
got elf ears wait are you wearing the
Back to the Future shirt
that is funny I love it with days like
funny you juggle scarily is this the
john malkovich store is he getting any
of this right yeah I do just tell me if
it's right or wrong be on Travis
oak Charles Vince got cuvee Nora
ah de Vaca dock
they're all just staring blankly mom
we're gonna hit this information what
where'd you get the information a
homeless guy
here we go Sweden for fun today
it's weird sweet right we're all gonna
wear red plaid is this red plaid enough
or should I go get mine good enough
we're not enough it's flat enough this
is our little fridge there's pretty much
empty now and all our foods over there
simple plans right here but we can keep
cookies so I keep coming in here
they keep stealing simple plans cookies
zarbor John breathalyzers I love this
place this is so cool
I wish I was here like just a theme park
it's kind of romantic right just like a
theme park just like all by yourself all
the lights
everyone just right fingers crossed
right now in the comments because so far
the Internet has been awesome yep so
time to go gotta get back in there
upload the stuff and head head to
Denmark but um hope you guys had fun
honey I miss you very much I love you
and Zoey Marley I see you've been you've
been not peeing everywhere so that's
good I wish you guys could see this I'm
sort of bummed out right now I spent all
that time going after IKEA and measuring
and making sure I got all the right
stuff and it turns out I need one more
panel for my windows gotta go back up
tomorrow shoot anyway I'm super excited
tomorrow we get to go and well I get to
go and see dr. movie for the first time
they've already seen it but I'm so so so
stoked to see on the big screen it's
gonna be amazing
I've seen it but not in a theatre so I'm
really just I can't even I can't even
believe it I can't believe it cuz she's
really talented and you know I I knew
she was gonna get in but it's just so
freaking cool it's exciting so yeah I
just I can't wait for that that's
tomorrow at 1 o'clock and yeah just
counting down the days till I get to see
Charles I think I might be able to make
it out to the UK show a couple of them
so that'll be really really cool but
we'll keep you guys updated with all
that I hope you enjoyed the video today
we love you I will see you tomorrow
can I guys
worse psst
giddy with trippy
we're CGS
with trip in early
