Oh guess what I did this morning I went
to the downstairs doctor no I'm not
pregnant but yes I am healthy it's a
good day everyone
oh Jesus
well what they're apparently the girls
just saw a squirrel I don't know where I
went
some out here guys it's not here
good morning or afternoon or Monday or
Tuesday I have no idea what day it is
hi it is I'm not I'm not joking it is
4:00 p.m. right now dan and I just woke
up some funny things you know it feels
like Matt o'clock for our bodies I just
I'm so genuinely confused right now
there are some checkers in three hours
last night I won't have to do the live
show around 4 a.m. 3 a.m. so I still got
12 hours and I know it's just so crazy
Danny got me beat though I wonder if
everyone else is awake all right we're
gonna go try to find some coffee or
something let's begin the day now this
is an epic way to open stop begin the
day right it is the afternoon right now
and I just woke up it's 4:00 p.m. times
time travels a bitch you know that
should be our mission we should go to
every country and have their like their
coffee and then after the tour say who
had the best coffee and starts in yeah
so we gonna have their like the option
of being the snobs and then we can start
like a flame war of coffee instead of a
Apple Mac today this is makeup
that's pretty good though this is Oscar
a open coffee adventure oh okay thank
you Emily
that was Liam Neeson he's come back for
his family yeah
Harrison Ford and Liam Neeson that voice
that Danny did on tour probably two
months ago that was Harrison Ford I'm
really matically oh we're sorry Liam
Neeson hurt alright we just got to the
venue is called the circus
he's new I first overseas show check out
this fancy bathroom right ready looks
like a normal bathroom you know just
normal right hey what's this
I guess to help you pee you know what I
think this is a type of journal okay P
now the light before ever get I actually
talked to Alan of dftba about the store
and when the shirts and the hoodies and
stuff like that will be back on sale he
assured me in the next couple days that
the site would be up you Lyle the shirts
are available now on dftba.com slash
CTFxC you have an address on planet
earth they're shipped to you thanks
Baily okay well yeah if you go to dftba
oh my god I said dftba.com slash CTFxC
the shirts and the hoodies the store is
back online
so you can go get your your shirts in
your knees so gift eBay that cops us to
get back see you down there yes sorry
took so long to get about but you know I
wanted to make sure this is gonna be
faster shipping a little bit more
streamlined that way run on the road you
guys can get your hoodies assurance ASAP
the whip how I'm not gonna bucks what
what did I just do
I cannot believe I'm buying another yoga
mat Marly peed on mine so I just got I
just picked up a new water bottle I was
like oh I like this one it's blue but
now I just got a gray mat and I got to
get a matching water bottle because that
is really important for Fitness to have
matching exercising but met an apparatus
apparatus apparatus is what is happening
why is that could you imagine Marly
sitting in that like she definitely
would use that every day like a tiny
little lazy boy chair that's so funny I
think we should get her one oh man
that's cool
she would eat that maybe I'll get her
one you guys are helping babies
good job guys I'm so glad to be back
like everything immediately ran up here
and grab my face I just Ali Waziri check
out the line it's gonna be a good show
sorry for that Cloverfield type of
footage right there Oh Apple Store my
second favorite place we were walking
back from the venue and we just saw this
walk it into the venue hi guys they
taught me how to say hi biased muy and
mooki right at least I think it is I
don't know they're lying
so what this is what is this finish
carribine Laura de
it's punch it it's like you want it's
like it wants to be a mint oh my god
that's tart with a little bit of looking
really all right
all right these two somebody post in the
comments and finish and they actually
become became friends through the
significant comment and they want to see
something Gally hey guys how are ya
making a cameo for the first time in
like a good month it's been a while
Jeannie your hair is super cute
this is Melissa's first time having this
kibo role she's never been to cause you
go for it let me know that it was so a
sauce or without let's do a tiny bit the
heel sauce is enough but you guys just
don't even understand and so glorious
good right sorry I don't mean to like
show
sounds like close-up on her base as
she's chewing good right that's really
good
Travis are going with us live from
Finland snow in April drops wait up this
is gorgeous
it's summertime in Finland it's snowy
and there's a good chance in this is the
most north
we will never be in our time it's kind
of insane to think how far how far up we
are so the question is is what cities
can we go not the major cities that fans
would play that's for sure you think
Helsinki Michigan
yes I'm sorry is it working
keep doing it that's nothing and there's
a lock watch Mach go Yoshi we're
gathering a crowd now people are just
starting to come around don't touch it
I think it's already broken dude wait
the wind up now it's good no no no hey
no hey you guys stuck yeah I got to go
up to my room I'm in 405 I'm in 405 I'll
be up tomorrow I'm gonna take the stairs
we're gonna take the stairs because
you're stuck in the elevator it takes
about half an hour I'm sorry yeah
yes there is something half-hour no
they're gonna be stuck for half an hour
oh you guys would never at least a half
an hour this please tell me without more
than just the key it's just the key it's
just the cute oh my gosh taking my
jacket
I'm leaving we got four or five hours
before we have to be on an airplane to
Sweden and we're just gonna go walk
around see the nightlife it's kind of
crazy we were just discussing like
beautiful I'm pretty but there's nobody
here so Danny just got iced by the
bartender
that's the old Benjamin Franklin he
actually submitted that before the
American flag big snake
just Wikipedia all this stuff this place
is awesome he's got all this like Oh
like American memorabilia are you
documenting to JD I am totally
documented this place is so cool though
all right Danny let's see how long this
lasts it is four oh four ten minutes all
right we'll see and one minute Danny you
officially lasted one minute it was so
nice I think this is a good way to end
Finland so I what we're gonna walk back
to the hotel guys Finland the show was
awesome you finished before we were
finished in Finland where finish up
Finland it was great to finish people
finish here should we finish the vlog we
should we should finish it in Finland we
you should finish it
give it up give it a finish I thought a
final finish finish finish all right
guys Sweden's tomorrow love you honey
I'll see you see you guys tomorrow
yes
with children
worth
Natalie don't forget
