you guys are just you know what I think
here's what it is oh okay the truth is
in the dictionary next to the word lazy
is a picture of this dog just like this
in there right Zoe so I have just
arrived at these stairs that have film
festival and no I do not wear glasses I
just want to be a hipster
yeah March and we are delighted to share
them with you the student will our
Rowlett filmmakers please stand to be
recognized when called good thing I know
it's like the daytime speaking in the
log or wherever I put this but it is a
nightmare over the ocean between Miami
and Perry yeah I have to keep getting up
because the guy next to me he's doing
that whole thing I was saying earlier
we're just trying to date both of be in
a thermos so I just keep getting up and
I'm probably walking from the bathroom
come on I'm gonna go thank you Karen I'm
saying chicken or pasta that means
there's food I don't wanna you know
drinking anyway I'm gonna leave you this
all right I just watched the youth fest
shorts the first half of them I
unfortunately I have to leave but they
were so great
the the kids are just so talented it's a
bunch of middle schoolers and they get
to enter their films and the festival
and they all did a phenomenal job so
congratulations to all those kids and
hopefully I'll be back for some more
festival action later so just landed in
Paris and I wish I knew more than just
feeding as you would be because I think
I'm a girl and that's just for mozzie
every kid on commercial it's a lot
harder than landing in Brazil and South
America where I kind of understand
Portuguese and Spanish I have no idea
what's going on in fashion I'm so lost
everyone keeps telling me the wrong
things
and now out in the main terminal oh wait
there's two leave Paris Airport just
making it well it doesn't make sense
did you read French hey I'm in Paris I
have to get a croissant actually they
didn't have any croissants so I got an
Apple turnover as a count it's the same
thing right it's again the pastry that's
one thing though the French know how to
do desserts kudos so I was just eating
my little my little croissant and I just
look over it happened upon jj-just
raining randomly walking through the
Paris Airport which is even funnier
because I leave now and he leaves in an
hour
and then we're all like an hour bards
that looks like one of these interesting
flights I guess so I'll see you in an
hour one hour
that was pretty cool it's like a video
game it was like I was there like flight
microsoft flight control or whatever
anyway i am in hell
dinky corn Hannah now I am thrilled in a
little corner thank God I found an
adapter but I'm uploading Clips right
now to Ally for my my day just because I
don't know what the hotels like the
Internet's gonna be like it's amazing
right now I have like just the fastest
internet I've ever had - Thank You
Finland for fasted apparently the guys
scooter Danny Travis and Hunter had to
make an emergency landing because
something was wrong with the battery had
on all Alaska later but now they won't
get here for like frickin hours hours
now and yeah I think it will be stuck
outside our hotel good morning
you look like Bon Jovi with the hair
there's a wafting right now you're huge
hello
why why is your hair wafting so much do
you have a Bon Jovi fan you know
yeah I'm watching my baby she's doing a
live broadcast right now and people have
asked him to blog this and he apparently
left his camera upstairs in the hotel
bed boy but this is really cool check
this out you know made us this little
banner which is so cool it's on the
shows page isn't that awesome I love
that icon thanks guys so I'm gonna go
live in a minute and she just started
doing her like I'm angry at you for not
talking anything um so I'm gonna go live
in a little bit we decided split the
live show half in half it's like 3 a.m.
for Charles right now in Finland but he
loves you guys so much that he decided
to wake up and do a live show for you
guys so I mean I'm about to go live now
so I'm gonna go but this is exciting
yay see you guys in there you want to be
in the live show too
I'll check this out so it's not my paper
towels it's actually come off and then
just like cycles through no idea
we gave me playing there huh
scared me problem boobies
what a strange sculpture we're gonna go
just walking around Helsinki and I was
just like this fascinated by this this
door like just crazy like it seems so
dangerous this place haunted it's a baby
Marley okay shame you had a special
towel and you like to show everybody
Shane has a huge wieners show showed up
do this one everywhere like
yes I wish I was like what your your
realized stars
I was just looking at Shane's wiener
that's really cool I was just telling
them about the movie idiocracy where
they have like you know like the Vatican
or the White House or something and they
just have some sort of sponsorship on it
it's a nice building right and then
there's just like advertisements that
for Pepsi over there
I don't know what it is though who's
this guy that's Finland's White House
it's pretty
man I've seen a wider real-world
contradiction the bridge of love
and it's cool we were walking by to go
here and I was just looking at it it
reminds me rewards with friends when you
get your blocks of words and what does
this say anyone it's like salute I have
no idea but I can make salute out of it
that's how many points what we all for a
photo of this thing all right I gotta
get out of the shot so apparently that
sign means no dumb Americans climbing on
rocks Joe Lee I'm here slowly the band's
getting back together I think the other
guys yeah we totally win actually yo she
wins yeah I give it a second jayjay it
was so we're still waiting we got some
pizzas everything is closed so we just
got we've literally flew across the
world to get pizza yeah that's good to
know
get it get get your butthole off my
pillows oh good lord
it's been a long night and I literally
almost got tripped by the dogs we were
uh we went out to see Billy and then
play and that was awesome
I've been wearing these glasses all day
I feel pretty clammy yeah I am actually
really jealous the real reason behind
the glasses is that for my entire life
I've wanted glasses and I've never had
them so I found this pair here cuz
Charles is supposed to wear them it
never does so I took them and I liked
them so it was jealous of all of you
glass is wearing folks out there that I
did an experiment for day and see how it
felt feels good I like it but I feel
like my eyes are probably a little
messed up now because these are a
prescription it's a really you know we
prescription but it's prescription
nonetheless and I feel like I definitely
shouldn't have been wearing this all day
but I did so sorry for any eye doctors
out there who are shunning me right now
for doing so I hope you guys enjoyed the
video we will see you guys tomorrow we
love you
alright guys well it's time to go to bed
I gotta get used to this whole time
differences
I think I'm like seven hours anyway guys
I'm gonna hit the bed we have our first
show tomorrow out here in Europe and by
the way it is my face looking a little
less swollen from all the medication and
steroids and anti Caesars thing I
thought so I don't know that's been such
a pain in the ass this big puffy face
like a puffer I'm like dead
the secret phrase for today yeah you
guessed it 1.21 jigowatts because i
traveled in the future I'm like flux
capacitor
keep your fingers crossed that the rest
of Europe has great internet so if our
phone has been great and that way I can
keep you have an ally some footage but I
will see you guys later I guess
yes
with trippy
generally don't forget to eat more
