and what is she staring at where is it
that's a big bird good eye Marley she
gets it no no it was so funny the moment
of realization was holding her hold her
face and she was just get him so well
sub blondie there you still like your
hair you don't know I think it looks
pretty Internet tell her tell her it
looks pretty yeah I think your design is
like what I shaved my head and I went
like every time it was tell you guys
every morning I'd walk right here and
I'd freak out because my head was bald
think it's the same thing just your
heads not bald it's just blonde starts
with a B though barley she's blonde like
you know you go dark doctor not don't
you have hombre hair beginning the
packing process cuz we leave for Europe
tomorrow and I've never been to Europe
so I don't know what to bring I don't
know what converters to bring I don't
know what anything I have no idea you
eat your Easter candy
the big Easter Bunny come and give it
just imagine a big giant Easter Bunny
who walks around with candy and
collected eggs reading one a nice nice
Snickers action I think it was a couple
years ago to remember the Easter Bunny
video we made we made it an Easter Bunny
video I'll put a link down there in the
description you guys to check it out
where we acknowledge the fact that the
Easter Bunny is just a pervert and a
creep she watched that that was that was
odd that the vlog for that day watched
the vlog for that day that was pretty
interesting my neighbors thought I was
completely crazy because I'm walking
around a giant bunny suit wow that's
crazy time time flies I know
remember the costume shop in Tallahassee
the place was awesome I noticed this the
other day you ready for it yeah
you can feel the bump do you feel that
oh my god there's no word I think that's
where the plate is I was like scratching
my head I was like wait there's an
indentation in my head plate you have
like a plate erector set these I have a
rectangle that's more than not having a
plate like it's kind of like I imagined
it to be kind of like this and like
here's the like opening in your skull
right there and it's like that and a
spear here that's a plate here several
thousand there's several plates in my
head I'm terminator okay you don't want
to feel my skull
it's a weird oh my god I should bring
that to Australia hey army man we're
regaining our childhood says we like
that one before too much what get
firecrackers if you're getting fire me
man
that's way to me this is like the travel
essentials let's see here the tile and
nail clippers I think I have one from
last time good Listerine this makes me
want everything like I need every one of
these things what are you doing there
yeah because Travis and hunter are the
only ones that haven't gotten hurt yeah
I think it was the day when Danny
knocked in the tomb in New Orleans
cursed us all I think that's what
happened we all freaked out like Danny
don't do it and he did it he's like
what's the big deal
now Koli myself and Danny I've all been
hurt and Travis and hunter are the only
ones I get yeah pretty much that's how
you test it out that's what uh what are
you testing out
I think the police went to our head will
this work in Switzerland Finland and
Germany and France I can't tell one
sides one's his bigger ones skinnier
she got all these are that I'm trying to
put a bill you can't have for army men
you're not gonna do anything ladies
alright alright she doesn't know I need
that I need that came here for
toothpaste some underwear and socks and
we have army men no no need we do up my
note oh no don't waste it you have to
eat it out no wasting my protein there's
a slug you gotta save them cute though
look look I mean come on that looks like
a slip that was a slug out are you sure
to pull it over
leaf what about that one okay but know
in my defense there's this slug you like
thing and then no this is by a person
and wiping that's uh wait so Wow baby
baby
every time I'm real fortunate that ding
Zowie barks
what you like what your life is like
jump rope
it was Marley turn this is ally trying
to get poop off of Marley's but pine
needles the soft part where the bar
could come up poor Marley ashamed hey ah
stuff can I sit here
just getting you to the bathroom Oh as
your husband around can I sit here
do that maybe we could talk take your
cards in the program are you gonna pay
hookers yes thank you give heads now no
that would be really but you said it for
you but don't their drum
now I just nearly choked on my wine
because there is a waiter here realized
who specifically the character who job I
am just now finishing up I've backing up
all my movies onto a little hard drive I
basically extremes it to your iPad and
iPhone which is gonna be great for
Europe because we're gonna be on the
road constantly no internet and I just I
I bet have who can't believe I did it
but I got data for international roaming
just so I can make sure to keep up with
you guys and stuff like that and send
videos back to Ally
that's going to be maybe take out a
second loan for that one let's just say
I'm doing it because I can't I can't I'm
addicted I feel like the Internet is
something you can be addicted to right
you know like some people are addicted
to drugs or alcohol can you be addicted
to the Internet feel like you can
clearly demonstrated and accurately
labeled detailed map of the Archer how
many additives do you want to put in
that right there you want to throw
another adjective in there exquisite
yeah there we go yeah so tomorrow's
gonna be a little bit interesting of a
day because I literally have 20 I've
never been like I went to Spain that's
the furthest I've ever been we're going
to Finland and make sure to check out
the tour dates guys cuz they're all over
the place but we're going to Finland and
I'm thinking it's 24 hour travel time so
yeah I did my own laundry this time
Ali's already in bed the game is here
it's pitch blackness darkness blackness
hope you guys had a good night
she's a secret phrase be miss Imran
banana toast just see toasting a banana
right now so banana toast that's our
secret faith good hey guys
yes
with child trippy
ple don't forget
