time to snip snip oh yeah dying today's
the day Ali dyes her hair done done
her voice is cracked I think the crucial
decision the talk where does that thing
work is gonna document this thing
I feel like deja vu right now is the
exact same position I was sitting that's
why he made me get a copy yeah I didn't
think laughs you guys get through this
shut that my hair guys you can't share
deadlines so what have you decided
I think I'm going to be a pretty
interesting guy my the epithalamus you
should do like to read just diary I read
so you'll be redder than Travis this is
what happens to all the hair that falls
on the floor right good in a book and
they got it and then they show you later
so they don't throw it away just so you
guys know GN I'm gonna review but she
did okay I want to show you guys the
other colors
like that I think they look crazy to do
the read right
I wouldn't you gotta get a critical
decision what are you looking up real
time real time here here ideas trying to
find simple ideas Charles I'm hoping
participate he is participating
alright this is before that's funny
wait no it's wax paper I was just gonna
say are you afraid of aluminum foil
I don't like lots paper take my nose I
could totally help you but if this is
love a lot more fun
the hairs on his face here were you like
the aluminum monster is this like a
superhero status like I'm gonna oh you
know what I feel like a supervillain
signs a super shredder so the aliens can
love having free their minds like
Joaquin Phoenix will they walk your
house and they all have a so funny a
keen was walking when they when they
walk in and walk walk walk walk mark I'm
so bored I'm gonna get food oh and I'm
gonna go through the jungle it's gonna
be an adventure guys look didn't didn't
see that was missing there our first
adventure okay there yeah
there you lumina the flick guys I'm done
I'm bored already
okay we're gonna focus you can see yeah
that's not fair
is it supposed to be bleeding like that
just looking sure actually really blonde
you can't see it here I know it's
different but I hope you know that it's
bent on it a little down look at
vertical horizon here listen it's right
good
you can look right there oh just right
there's no turn your head so easy to the
news right there
look at the camera look at the camera
look at the camera
sure you don't want to see you
they killing you
oh no oh no oh no oh no you better hurry
up three two one go oh I do like them I
am a little freaked out I like
okay Goldilocks
I hear a wife now Wendy wife I
definitely make that's for sure
what do you think internet god it's so
nuts dude
it's funny from behind you don't even
look like the same thing now got a new
wife what did I get the house I think
that oh my god your child I wasn't
supposed to crash
get it out yeah well you weren't
supposed to bring it in the house either
Charles get out out Oh get out of the
house now
Charles get out of the house good luck
Hey No yeah yeah
I think you can tell which glass is -
well you guys with the family dinner at
Kabu yes boot time oh my god Jenny so
quick there's no like you know when I
was in here mom stop stop it stop it
look at this see if I'm crazy right so I
got a hard drive the other day right I
was looking at it I was trying to like
get everything kind of taken care of cuz
I leave in like two days and I was
looking at the pit of the photo of the
little device and I'm gonna see if I'm
going crazy because I think I am yeah
look at that little iPad thingy or
whatever what do you see that's wrong
with it that is definitely the bottom of
a laptop or screen or do you see it look
it's like the iPad is vertical right but
then the home screen is on the
horizontal side no yeah but it's also
thick like it looks like the body of a
Mac Pro that's well it's the first iPad
that's the first iPad really look at
your iPad no yep yep it's definitely
stretched like that and since and then
the home buttons there and the buttons
on the side isn't it weird it's really
weird I thought I was going crazy it's
really strange I was like staring at it
for like 20 minutes that's a little bit
at least five I was really staring at
for five minutes trying to figure it out
what if there was a copyright cover in
thing
get it right
dance party by herself
what are you looking at we're trying to
think of where it shouldn't she's like
still washed up but like she used to be
hot
sorry if you like her we're shooting a
video for Danny's channel and we're
trying to think of trying to help us
right out somebody who's like famous but
still obscure and it's kind of would be
funny to reference kind of like Rick
Moranis or Macaulay Culkin you only mean
actually it's gonna that's kind of hard
try to try to name three but you can't
do it
just a reminder ladies and gentlemen as
a public service announcement is like to
our mind you
by doing to eat an entire packet of fire
sauce and one thing one thing yeah like
one one go
can you do it oh my god he's using into
it why not
don't do it I probably shouldn't the
long I revoke the request I'll do it
tomorrow say that I profited tomorrow my
alma mater pinky three earth
it's either tomorrow so that's right
where's my - you know I'm gonna be you
don't want to have to poop in the work
bathroom I gotta hey don't let us prove
their hope it's funny alright guys we
are going to bed hope you enjoyed
today's video
love you guys
see what you did
it's hardly wait
we're CTFxC
giddy with y'all trippin
would be an ally don't forget to eat
more
