that's just in Matt Groening just
revealed the Simpsons Springfield is in
Portland my childhood is now ruined I
know a lot of you guys your brains just
exploded right now I knew that that was
like a controversy like there were
several Springfield's and no one knew
where it was the reason why Matt
Groening did it it was because he used
to like a TV show and he thought the
Springfield it was also in that TV show
he thought it could be any Springfield
so that's why I did it I just let people
think that but now I don't know why
don't know why I don't think you just
realized what just happened what the
radio just shut off for like five
seconds it was like dead air the song
just quit I know the radio is that is
just exploded this is a big deal this is
a big deal guys DJ just found out that
Springfield is an Oregon it was like
right oh yeah we do no I don't mean that
I just mean like my throat is like a man
it doesn't really sound much differently
like we're going to go get Ali a haircut
she decided since I had to shave my head
that she was gonna shave her head and
we're just gonna cueball it oh my head
bald head get here get getting the shot
okay wait take your glasses off okay
okay guys Photoshop both of us being
bald just take this still this Photoshop
us both beings yeah just do that in this
a trip I'm a Twitter guys we're asking
about like uploading photos from the
trip because I didn't get to upload a
bunch of them because the crappy
internet but I'm uploading all of them
now and there should be a link down
there in the top description so if you
want to see all the photos from Brazil
take two in the video shoot you can go
check those out and you can see us bald
maybe I'll put it up there for sure
shave her head the shaver head don't
shave it Skrillex to shave it right here
it's kind of like it's kind of like that
like glue beyond the voice because did
she know anything yet have you been
watching the boy you know okay there's
anyone here I'm not like nephew gangster
oh crap
look at my bail completely oh no they
heard that whore awesome
now I got to go on the floor freakin
bathroom get anywhere anyway yeah
they just poke you in the face sorry
it's the perspective I'm not like the
depth perception it's like really bad on
the camera hello what
alright I'm taking Ali on a nerdfest
right now trying to fix some hard drives
that they don't have
you guys have no idea how long I've been
trying to film that I hate sneezing
every time I'm about to sneeze I go to
film it just cuz I think it's so weird
when people sneeze and I already sneeze
but I finally caught it
it's like Bigfoot ah you found it wait
this isn't it as my beautiful wife you
need to find gummy bears I don't see any
nope never do remember last year whether
we're trying to get out it was like dyed
hair blonde or something like that she's
actually gonna do it tomorrow
she doesn't know but what are you gonna
ok so just the thing she doesn't know
what you do all foreigners you should do
highlights it should go darker so it's
up to you guys to let us know by
tomorrow you have to let her know by
tomorrow like within hours of this video
be alive hi dude before I before I do
let Ali do her impression of me let me
let me say I am still a little bit sick
I get a prologue I'm a little bit sick
still and this is Ali's impression of me
when I got in the car then he goes went
on for like 30 seconds my man now these
are my man noises man noises I wish I
could I got enough fart in there too
though burping a fart a burp fart can
you fart and burp at the same time how
about experiments in fart I think your
body work opsins me it's so funny she's
like trying to be all nerdy my hard
drive my external hard drive my old one
was at this the old one did I mean it's
old its old that this this internal
drive is 80 gigabytes that's how big
this in my mouth are like 2 3 terabytes
and basically it has all my well has a
lot of vlog information on there because
where's my temporary Drive so I'm kind
of freaking out that I am going to lose
all the informations so I bought an
external case for it for the internal
thing and then hopefully be able to
transfer it onto another Drive and then
back of it I'm realizing that I am
sounding in credit I'm dirty this isn't
good
that doesn't know how they lied to me oh
where oh where oh where is my wife going
alright we're gonna do find Ally again
anywhere
hah found her what how she does it for
the second she gets in the car at the
time we always take her to the beach she
knows and from point A to point B she's
doing that whiny thing every time I just
don't get it and it's funny because you
guys know exactly where we're going just
by the way they're acting on one
condition
and Marley doesn't chase any more ducks
they're all these like baby little fish
I'm gonna put you guys under water hold
your breath
he shows water so it looks like you have
to go get that all right that bird is
just toying with Marley right now just
toying with her
are you ready for this you ready to see
how sexy your husband's gonna be when
he's 80 drew this
oh yeah baby what do you think guys I
don't on 1 to 10 scale I want to get
yours all right hold on look at me look
at the camera hold on
oh man you ready for this beauty ma'am
that's what you get to look forward to
they tell you not just my own purpose
what does that focus you get you look
normal but then once it focuses we're
both are just like I did it did it than
that but I not fit the third I took this
bet it better not better that's better
that's better present dings oh and
Marley circus this that chariot of doom
just like dumb you stop moving go as I
think he likes it Ali made nice dinner
funny she's like get the good glasses
so this is chicken right okay it's
something gonna draw please yeah I
caught you
yeah I caught you okay this is take two
look look at again it's ejected stop it
look at the camera ready okay because
you distracted let's see if you're a hot
grandma whoa
it's like Legion I don't like it you're
a hot grandma
if you poker if I poke your face you
make a weird face bitter beer face you
can do these vlogs three years and we've
been in three different places with
these mirrors as you can see we're
missing one
because Marley broke it but we struggled
and we got that one on there good job I
feel like that's the epic thing every
time we move it's hanging those stupid
mirrors should be like amok I almost
forgot to say good night good night
worse yet
with children
yeah
we don't forget to eat more
