and we're home we are in Atlanta again a
12-time to go actually iced coffee it
was funny in Brazil they gave like two
to little ice cubes and that's all you
get so you get kind of like lukewarm
coffee and they doesn't definitely
didn't have Donuts now we gotta wait for
Ali she's on the safety bridge you know
just stalking my wife in a big deal
nope she's on the Skyway oh here's a fun
fact if you drop the start driving like
Travis somebody told Travis if you start
driving at the beginning of the Sunshine
Skyway Bridge and play a Skyway Avenue
it's the perfect length did you even
know that
try it sometime guys should we do it
another back
we're gonna do it she's right around the
corner that's her that's me oh crap I
could play I was just telling Danny I
got an email okay so you know I've been
hiding stuff in the ashtray I got an
email from somebody actually a pilot a
Delta pilot found the nickel that I hid
on the way to Brazil and here's the
photo
he basically I guess he had to go
bathroom mid-flight you know you had the
copilot's assistance and all that stuff
so he went to the bathroom and I went to
shut the door and the little thing that
ashtray was a little bit open he you
know went to close it and hear the
rattling and a friend of his watches
these videos and told him about it and
he found the nickel so we have our first
I didn't that was at what four days it
only took four days I put it down the
4th and the 8th four days it's crazy so
we actually found it you're gonna keep
doing this because this is actually
really funny and it was a pilot that's
pretty cool oh and all you tricksters I
don't mark every every currency the same
way so you can't just copy this one
everyone's different tricksters hello
you know gangster do not do what she
said
I feel like this entire like last few
days in the vlogs are examples of what
not to do especially in the back the
convertible I think we had to cut a lot
of that out you cut that out
Oh true gold on that one oh hi oh there
she is
right hi Zoey hey oh hi oh hi yeah what
are you trying to say
they'll be happy stop wagging your tail
well I am back at home and it feels so a
difference Justin and dr. have and a
bunch of other people were going like
kayaking and there's just no way I'm
going to be able to make that so I'm
basically getting a bunch of stuff done
right now kind of hanging out gonna get
some sleep
hopefully Ally have some awesome footage
of some awesome nature stuff I was going
to say something really epic but I
decided to go a little tranquil and
soothing right there I'm exhausted right
now that's the rough thing about
traveling is just airplane rides it's
just sitting there waiting and just ah
sleeping like you just like cramped up
in a corner just trying to sleep
guy next you snoring oh the guy who does
this you know the guy who does this when
you go and sit down when he's sitting in
the middle and he tries to like take
both sides so he crammed up on the side
I'm ranting I shouldn't complain I'm
home
see this guy's this is the real Florida
right here
undisturbed and super beautiful well I
guess I'm disturbing it because I'm on a
road get suited up ding-dong I'm excited
I I'm also a little scared Evan I don't
know I just haven't been kayaking in a
while
kayak adventure at my eka hey Jess I
definitely am nervous to drop my camera
because I do not have my GoPro and so if
my camera gets wet that's pretty much it
hey sportsman Jess hey this is called
Myakka State Park and they have so much
stuff you can do there's like trails and
you can go kayaking and it's really fun
if you've never seen a gator I don't
recommend kayaking your first time here
go on the airboat tour because you will
be really close to Gators and if you're
afraid of them it's gonna be a nightmare
for you so you should come here though
I'm really pretty we're so far away
drive into my cab a little tadpole
just a little tadpole he's young we're
so cute so awesome it's so weird to
think that those are gonna become frogs
Ella for snack time hey guys it was a
little miscommunication earlier they
were severe we got mixed up they're
supposed to come with this but we're all
a little bit crazy so oh man oh it's
good Cheers
don't touch my ice cream
the reason why all you can see right now
is cheese because we're on a giant
walkway oh my gosh
he is very high up I'm a little bit
afraid for people you don't do that he's
shaking the bridge you're a jerk
Yuki oh you guys see how much this is
moving so not cool
it's just so beautiful though this thing
is moving very very much I'm gonna go
ahead and get off now cuz I'm a little
bit afraid right now oh my god this does
not seem oh yeah okay almost just fell
over do you guys believe this feel okay
those tiny little power lines all the
way over there two miles away you know
it's a judge perspective there flies
everywhere it's really freaky I can't
take you baby
show us how you spar Yuki I think it's
very serious lesson what do you look
like right now you look like you look
like something oh it's like it's like a
different type of thing you know like
that
this is unreal
it's my old school we haven't been here
in so long and my brother and dot
planted and a few other people planted
every one of these oak trees it's
amazing you I would I wouldn't even know
that this was the same place that is
super creepy the answer eating the dead
wasp nature
I really want this like that here you go
up tricked you like that up tricked you
I want this trick you want this tricked
you again Oh Google you want this
oh you learned your lesson so I'll put
it on your head for later I'll try again
No oh my god that's a big hole in my
pants that's a bit I need to find a
seamstress oh I kind of know this
happened yesterday but I didn't really
have very good internet but uh I just
read that Instagram was just sold the
Facebook for a billion dollars now this
perspective YouTube was sold to Google
for 1.7 billion dollars
crazy amount of money but Instagram
which is just a photo sharing thing on
Android and you know the iPhone now for
a billion do you guys think that was
worth it
like do you think like those YouTube a
billion dollars makes sense it's just
unbelievably vast but the Instagram I
feel like there's a limit you only mean
what do you think was that the purchase
of a billion dollars for Instagram worth
it let me know in the comments I want to
know you guys think I I feel like
YouTube like I was saying was worth a
billion dollars
that's so much money but anyway any
filtered photo-sharing hipsters out
there on instagram have an added Ally
and I that's just Charles Trippy and
Ally trippy on Instagram so make sure to
add us and we can we can filter we could
we can make photos brand new photos look
old together
yep vintage old school and the young
male waits for another squirrel to come
up crap crap they found a squirrel crap
where are they going oh crap what a dick
she's gonna do it again watch of course
of course yeah of course why am I
surprised why am I surprised
but make sure yeah make sure it's on the
left side yeah that's good the right
size needs it too
mm-hmm okay yeah now now I'm good
you want to go now there we go sir sir
sir what what are you doing okay rich at
Best Buy you're the man you just help me
get him man
you don't man rich you just help me get
hard drive the last second and he was so
so helpful and it was like two seconds
before they were closing but yeah good
job this is your paradise Jesse so we're
gonna keep that now well you're like a
mobile thing he's like on the phone
doing it so I almost broke down and by
Hunger Games but we're going to see it
now you know who's gonna be mad at me
snake who's gonna be so pissed come here
che movies that show me movies oh this
is my favorite part of watching movies
there's one that does like the roller
coaster thing and it's so much
ii just saw that but you know what I'm
more concerned with this did you ever
think you would see that on a movie
poster ever again I pray every day the
top Tanic the show on the big screen I
don't know I just became like a pseudo
southern Suzy homemaker lady but what do
you think of the movie like will you
read the books oh right yeah I think
Jesse's the only one of us that actually
read the story I really want to read the
book now and I want to read the other
two because I cannot wait to find out
what happens it was really really good
all right guys I'm finally back home
just finished editing Charles's sleeping
as he's been doing randomly throughout
the day and we're gonna get some rest so
glad to have him back home and we'll see
you guys tomorrow love you okay
see what you did
worse
giddy with trippy and alley
an ally
