good morning Lizzy puppy number one good
morning lazy puppy number two but look
at a little tail wag don't ignore me
let's go find I was always doing well so
with only turtle town's only the wait
turtle time I just was going through a
bunch of their whole closet I found a
turtle shell I completely forgot about
that oh it's funny into turtle you are
totally fashion faux-pas right there you
have poodle pink and tie-dye shirt jammy
so I'm now uploading all the clips from
today because we leave in like two hours
and I want to get a tally so on me so I
am in the vlog today if I can get more
clips to her I definitely will and you
will see if not I will be in Florida
freely done saying that's over on so I
will I will see you soon
all right a quick star wipe star wipe
Valley honey
oh you don't know how to do so it and I
do jollity how to do a star wipe dance
is awkward ah the American Embassy's
tart bar - OH
shall we
don't cut that Ali no cut that you
scratch off these things when I was a
kid I used to love scratching these
things off
oh it's blurry enough that what you guys
can't see the number if you guys can
figure this out you get free Wi-Fi here
in Brazil continuing from last time they
still can't say my name Charlie we're
just gonna walk it around and I don't
know first time we have the free up the
free day and stuff like that also I was
reading in the comments the woman
stopped wear the beanie
I'll stop wearing it for a little bit
just a little bit it's a little bit
world's most expensive shoes that's cool
worst placement for a fire hydrant in
front of all the glass quick Martin get
the fire hydrant still break anything
tiptoeing and embassy number two
wait I thought that was a real dude
all right Internet caption this in the
comments what is she saying or thinking
right now
okay part of the boxes are gone I I'm a
little frustrated today I was waiting
for ups to get here and come and take
the boxes and like they were supposed to
come sometime between 9:00 and 1:00
today to get everything in three
different shipments and it was like 2:45
and no one has shown up yet so I call
and try to figure it all out and they
told me that the guy who didn't even get
the order for the pickup so like they
just were randomly sending whoever was
in the area to get them so it's my
little hectic but it's getting taken
care of which means that you guys will
be able to order more shirts and hoodies
very soon which is super exciting so
yeah finally we got it all sorted out I
think we need to do a mail vlog pretty
soon here don't you think yeah I broke
down I was trying to be really healthy
but she's this wrong say all I know
Charles loves them so I'm gonna get him
fun she's probably gonna be mad that I
got them but this trying to be nice
hi Andy how are you I wish you were here
help us it's going down again hit the
zero the other is trying to kill whoa
that's not our no ah this is a nice
goodbye spot it's crazy just seems to go
on forever
suppose so what is it like 25 million
people 30 million
some someone saying alright how deep is
this pool it looks like it's 4 feet deep
hey I got an idea I got an idea get him
a diver and there we go it is pretty
short
well Brazil trip number 2 I believe
that's a success oh there's the
Starbucks although it is going to be
nice to be home they were to be home
like three or four days and then we go
to Europe for the second part of the
trip
think like Amsterdam finland helsinki
all that stuff which is gonna be really
awesome cuz it's gonna be my first time
ever over there I've only been to well I
was at Spain and then South America it's
the only places I've ever really been in
Canada so if you guys don't have your
tickets to the me of the King shows see
you guys do chairs look at this pet
party party pet party look at the Annie
hi baby
hello hellooo so we're gonna do an
experimental haircutting I'm Jessie
tonight we're gonna do anything on me
maybe
alright what's happening here cutting
hair don't don't
Mamta here is the aftermath of Jesse's
hair
let me see ja yeah and that is probably
the freakiest and I've ever seen that
was on camera that's a wonderful ok
let's try your hair and see what looks
like
my brother writes fat beef Danny always
causing problems I couldn't film because
they were kind of looking at me
but I'm gonna cut to a photo of when
they discovered Danny's drumsticks and
just look at his face when they said
they couldn't have never happened before
but so get ready just look at his face
a photo that says a thousand words right
there take my chopsticks and I'm
starting to think that nobody looks at
photos on IDs anymore because like on my
my what is it my visa for Brazil and
then my ID and stuff like that ah there
it is all that stuff I made like a
really goofy face to try to make people
laugh you know what I went through
nobody left either they're not looking
or just I'm not making this doofy enough
face there we go
see you later oh by the way this is one
eh I forgot to introduce you guys this
year in New York yet you went there we
go there we go let us say play all right
now we are leaving and going home and
cheers buddy I'm shaking and now time to
go home to see Ali Zoey Marley ready go
home
oh it I didn't forget
yes
with trippy
with Gary
