good morning guys
so this is what we're going to be
dealing with today thing I'm pretty
excited
we're in Roswell New Mexico if you have
no idea yet Marley is over here looking
for aliens already this is called the
Red Barn RV Resort in Roswell New Mexico
Lee and Randy if you ever come go find
them they're the nicest people in the
world like honestly they're the coolest
people if you ever need an RV park here
in Roswell I highly recommend it and I
think that's what I'm going to do for
the rest of the fees like travel videos
anything that I find that's
recommendable so you guys can go write
your own RV I will promise to let you
know right now just looking up and
getting some water so if you want to do
some dry camping we can do that a little
bit a little I'm actually learning some
stuff here Harlan I thought it would be
I really honestly thought it would be
really hard
I also dumped our piss water everyone to
know about that not pooping on the RV I
got the no poop on the bus thing and
green my head plus I the way I had to do
that I'm not going to run like that I
can move my wife's poop down to Mexico
and we survived a night no aliens got us
actually got me to they gave me but give
me back you don't know what I'm talking
about watch the end oh yes dad yeah they
returned me this morning I have to tell
you I buy her over on Second Street
if we go over the train tracks that's
why the alien stuff is all right there
Museum Beijing everything Roswell
Landing that's all I want to go sleep
all that from the screenshot though
there's only 14,000 people that live
here let's create me an answer but how
many people live here see like 48 like I
was like so there's only 46 other than
you and your husband is like no thousand
I'm like you out of 9000 otherwise
somebody like me think there's only four
days people are drawn to me
it's nice though Baron yeah patience
everywhere
glad we kind of did this little stop we
weren't going to do it but last minute
always was fun sure about some blast yes
walking in the desert no sunglasses no
big deal
sorry I'm kind of like in total mama
when I got the keys water ball water I'm
a backpack Pemex camera yet holes in
your pants already I don't know
vomit on there alien pod what how do you
think yes seeds of aliens yeah I'm
probably pretty annoying with all the
alien stuff but I like space I tell
you'll sit yourself on the the pods
right I ran back and got my sunglasses
because it was too ridiculous too hot
who thought you know the desert was
gonna be hot
girls be careful there's an alien some
home like really funny like this one
I'm not five fingers and no fees have
two fingers in five so many
and 1947 for 947 19 or 2017 70 years
70th anniversary since the Space Shuttle
crash the thing I think are out of place
is that everything is dog friendly every
store is going to do has just let the
dogs come in and gel and diesel look
like the embarrassing one he like rolls
all over the place
like literally we turn around he's
rolling on his back almost knocking down
coffee mug
like what no invoice like fuck could you
cowboy I'm so glad I'm glad we're doing
this so cor this is like not a thing
that would fly all the way out to
Roswell just to see I know there's got
to be some other things with together
than just being frequent every window
has alien stuff it's a spaceship one of
the ladies said to go check out this
McDonald's okay oh we have McDonald's
it's like no just go check it out
spaceship McDonald's I'm kind of blown
away and was there daily and fell on the
ground
I was asking the lady where we should go
they're like see something and she's
like you have to go down this road I
think was like Main Street go down and
you look on the side of the road there's
like the big old spaceship with these
aliens and people offering pie and stuff
and the funny thing is we almost missed
it all it is is this I mean it's still
pretty cool but at the same time I was
really expecting something else guys
giving the alien a jump the lady's
offering a pie terrified and the alien
is holding an ET doll that's funny
did you see what the baby alien was
holding our V looks sick back there this
is not supposed to be happening guys my
it being so good thank you today was the
first day that we start our little
special project that we're going to
release at the end of this trip don't
want to give it away too much but we
just shot the first one right here
you'll see at the end of this trip
we had to come and stop at this thing
just because it's so random
I think he's pointing to the other guy
over there pretty dumb but still have to
go do it right oh hi hi I was just going
to say several days in we're starting to
get the hang of everything first couple
days we would just drive and even if it
got really hot that it gets really hot
back here because air conditioning
doesn't run when they come to generate
like the air conditioning doesn't run
the cars running so we're just driving
straight through just to get through
everywhere so we can get to the west
coast we're at now we're now we're
getting a little smarter so rather than
getting gas and is bolting we're like
getting gas we're turning on the
generator turning the air conditioning
on and letting the dogs go to bathroom
and kind of chilling for a little bit so
that way the whole our view gets kind of
cold when we start driving otherwise the
poor dogs get so hot hi-five becoming
our viewers that was not a high five
sorry
high five good god so I'm going to do
this is like Hawaii all over again you
didn't know Ali is a nature buff to the
330 loved nature online what happened
oh by the way we're not being
procrastinators so tonight right now
we're heading to build brand national
forest I don't know if I'm staying right
and then we're staying there couple days
do some cool stuff like hiking finally
and then the next day we're going to go
to the green bamboo and rather than
being correct path banners we actually
are actually scheduled in so we're doing
good
my do be international forests or die on
a Grand Canyon I have no idea but now
that we're over here at the side of the
country it's kind of nice because now
we're able to drive less and less and be
more and more things so I hope that's
the joints videos it's been fun a lot of
driving isn't driving most of the time
though I Drive for an hour and this is
like pumping record
you guys remember while you were her
home camera roll with the stay in
mountain just five feet apart
Hey not exact
so what I totally different it's
actually kind of chilly and we just
stopped to let the dog through the
bathroom can watch it watch like yeah
it's actually cooled out it's beautiful
no no I am loving this RV trip I am
loving this RV trip I love this RV
Lazydays I can't say it enough I just
love you guys this is the best honestly
one of the best trips I've ever had in
my entire life so far and we are just
starting but guys look at this view like
this is insane we have seen every type
of terrain every type of backdrop and
are just so far Oh char has been making
fun of me cuz I get teary-eyed but this
is just fun
yes I love it
we're going into the fourth no though we
saw one random person without drinks
there's nothing out here and it is
really beautiful and we're driving on
the road tournament
the person I'm sending out for the front
of their base
Pacific Highway smack human really so
I'm out well look at the road nobody in
front of us there's nobody behind us
I think they were thinking oh there's
only one person going down the road
tonight
come on hallway alright guys we are a
mobile Grand National Forest we just got
our spot and we ever trusted alien
protecting the car or the RV and my
question to you guys today's what do we
name him he is going to be on our trip
the whole time nope don't follow up the
steps
oh no he's coming with us the entire
trip so we need to have a name a proper
name for him remember one thumbs up will
be his name
alright guys well we are here it was an
awesome day I got to go to Roswell or we
got to go to Roswell yet people just
random stuff yeah
loco and I only had hate my wife and I
was at Roswell I thought the alien just
we went Obama to altitude ACS
alright guys I hope you enjoyed today's
video oh cause welcome James Anglian
this season to remind others writing
please don't forget to subscribe and we
will see you guys on the road for the
next way you stand sorry I'm getting
started good night and don't forget to
go to Roswell alien I hope you guys
enjoyed the next two and a half almost
still three weeks of just this RV
adventure we hope you really enjoyed the
vlog if you're brand new don't get fried
button see you guys
you
