morning guys it's gonna be a double shot
of espresso type of day mmm forget hot
those aren't for you you're gonna have
one later but that's not for you right
now
I got a special delivery from the Easter
Bunny aka my mom look at that yeah okay
I'm preparing a little surprise for the
girls right now I'm gonna take dog
treats and put them inside the eggs man
just put them out in my in my parents
backyard and see what they'll do I bet
they could probably open them ha ha
as you can tell they're pretty excited
about what's inside you here hey so this
is what we're gonna be driving around
South following not too shabby all right
Danny and I are just gonna get as much
so espresso are you as much as for today
and we're just gonna answer every
question rapid fast awesome so I'm on -
you're on - we're going 16 all right you
wanna play all right so you got to catch
up so at least four tweakin so I may or
may not have had three shots of espresso
maybe what a nice man for this bus quad
Happy Easter
I'm learning arrivederci policia are
they gonna help I don't think
nope the cops don't care we're gonna die
video go go go go highway shuttle a go
Canaan get the eggs get the eggs get
what's inside get what's inside KITT
what's inside I was just eating the
whole thing open my mark oh there's a
tree in there get it get it what's in
there oh oh you got him lovely good job
Zoe get it Zoe are you gonna get it yeah
oh did you get it finally don't take her
snack any other way hey another way open
it no don't no don't take the whole
thing she just keeps taking the whole
egg like this is mine this is mine this
is my prize you should get it
Marly she definitely broke that egg I
can hear it I heard it just crush it's
open its open she just laid down
oh yeah running away
hi Anna
smiley no fancy man
there we go viral load on his clothes
that's funny
he's writing a shopping cart right now
that is pretty adorable right there
strings
I doubt right so what they do is on
Sunday I guess on Saturday they close
this entire road and it's basically a
zombie movie because we can walk right
on it and it's actually it's kind of
scare there's a lot of people that are
doing drugs and stuff so they're kind of
out of it it's a little freaky but it's
like a zombie movies they realize Dombey
movie and there's a bunch of people just
like staring us through their apartments
go into my first soccer game so a
touchdown is four goals
yep getting ready you stoked owner you
stoked
yes yep that you got that a secure hair
going out and scoot is ready with his
umbrella
I can do better too
I totally need my mr. bill bell no we
just went to Target like diet and for a
second I was like why is it so I've been
in like Eastern
Oh Oh the leopard 1 is so cute
Marley does love her sweaters no way it
has a hood all my god it's so freaking
cute thank God it's over I don't know
why I hate so much I love Florida sky so
beautiful
Oh nuts there's a little chip in my
windshield dang it
curse you rock that probably came from a
giant truck on the interstate
curse you Oh what if we just decided
that there I'm sure actually know what
before I even say this I'm sure there
already is a day but what if there were
a day that was like a national holiday
where you had to speak in Old English or
like pirate or something that would be
I'd be interesting
riot shield riot shield we won't be
going over okay just what are they what
they're juggling the cheerleaders juggle
they're trying together hey
the awesome hey Sam is this your first
soccer game it's Danny left Sam's in my
first one I think that is this your
first the first game Pansear visiting
team home team
I'm proud to say this my first sake and
Raziel
I think I'm just more fascinated with
the crowd like how energetic there
all right finally we're gonna try
Brazilian pizza Brazil I'm holding you
to this so I just got back to the hotel
and first off I want to say Brazil your
pizza
pretty damn good secondly I don't know
if you guys know my buddies it's called
the fine brothers they have a series
called kids react to and they do like
kids react to viral videos and YouTube
stars and things like that they did one
on CTFxC and it went live yesterday I'll
put a link down there in the video
description but if you haven't seen it
go check it out check out the fine
brothers are great people I've known for
a very long time always been really
funny and talented but it was really
interesting to see people's reactions to
the daily videos because if you think
about outdated videos are such a unique
thing you don't I mean it's a very
intimate thing you guys get to see what
we do every single day then we share it
and to some people that might be seen it
might seem as like a boring thing and to
some it might be the most interesting
thing in the world and the reason why we
do it is because we can show you guys
you know a part of our life and just
kind of bring you guys in and like just
share our opinions and you know just
bring the internet together I mean
that's pretty much why we do it you know
what I mean you don't have fun and just
you know live your life and enjoy it
just be a positive person and I'm not
gonna rant I'm not gonna rant because
there's a kid at the end of the video
I'm just gonna play a little excerpt of
it because he nailed it he nailed it for
me and that's all I have to say random
internet videos people beating up each
other
romance makeup a fat guy eating a
burrito who cares you can do anything on
the internet the internet knows nailed
it on the head
I watched that I was like nailed it you
guys why am I in freaking Jail I had no
idea that that can have on you now
apparently I I was just thrown in jail
by by a guy who was watching his
broadcast
oh I left okay good all right ladies and
gents it's time for me to take my leave
of absence for today and check out all
these all this madness is gonna be gone
go on tomorrow
I cannot wait it's gonna be a good day
guys love you can i alright guys I'm
going to bed
oh by the way a Happy Easter I'll see
you guys tomorrow
good night oh and uh secret race today
Happy Easter
see you tomorrow
yes
with tripping
would be an ally don't forget
