please let the audio be right as you
guys are clearly seen for the past two
days two days two freaking videos in a
row have had messed up audio I don't
know why like literally you know I think
it might be the way I'm exporting them
but the exports show up perfectly fine
on my computer everything is synced
completely well normally amazing as soon
as I upload it YouTube decides to hate
it and break the audio so I'm gonna try
something different today with this
video so if you're watching this and
everything is lined up I did a good job
and I fixed it obviously but oh man this
is annoying
it's it sucks it sucks to have been
doing this for so long and then all of a
sudden just have like random problems
and I'm sure it's annoying to you guys -
I know it is so day two we're just going
through all the clothes I'm wearing this
one Dan's got that one Travis got a
haircut Hunter's got their awesome
orange pants voting Travis Erica I'm
going for the obvious right now oh and
this is for my wife and my mother-in-law
they really liked my shoes this way
so can't pay for style you gotta gotta
earn them with these okay you guys
there's one something new about final
cut I've never seen this before when you
put the caps lock key on it says that
rendering is just what hold on the caps
lock key is on semicolon rendering is
disabled you just learn something new
every day
tell me die Yoli ho she was sitting
there with me while I was trying to
upload and fix the video today and like
oh my god I just can't I just had a
nervous break it out I was like
I started crying anyway let's move on
have a great day
so who plays here do they know there's a
kick one of our camera guys how many
days are gonna be ruined because of this
car I need some bananas the giant
watermelon
that's a bushel a bushel bananas bushel
banana banana banana crab where's your
mic find the might find the mic where is
the mic check one two check check check
check check check
just whisper whose sound oh he sounds
just whisper the entire day back to hang
out with the Padres and have the best
month ever she just made me look at this
this is like cinematic it's like a it's
like a food ad grilled cheese it's like
melting down into the mmm melting and
also she made me send soupy so we're
gonna eat that and we're gonna go catch
the Sun set on the key it's gonna be
awesome and brought the dogs down hang
out with Dennis why why I always want
him to make real cheese yeah yeah he
makes a really good grill jeez
what are you doing under there it's
always can't bring the mic hey Tom
what are you doing you're so weird now
you be the girl no turn up the kitty cat
walk gum where she wears a goodie mono
driver we eating that sure you don't
know I think there's a cold like
Portuguese cage okay so is cage oh here
we're learning today so we're here with
people with a family hopefully I'm
saying it right but they're over there
they're showing us around and these guys
are gonna show us you're gonna get a
sugar cane drink yes and if you guys
have never had sugar cane is super sweet
yeah the wasps think so as well well
yeah though if the wasp the we if bees
and wasps around that means it's good
because it's super sweet look thanks
pigeon that's a sugar cane that's the
juice
and this gentleman's trying to show us
that when I was little my neighbor he
had a sugarcane plant and he would cut
it up and then just let you chew it so
you just chew it and you can get the
sweetness on it chew on my sugar cane
the bees come extra what do you think is
that really good really holy crap that's
a mate that is really really good Danny
Danny
just enjoy it be surprised look at this
you want to see your eyes sugar sugar
basically sugar water a bunch of bees
we're trying to negotiate opening our
own coconut wait who opened yours hopes
are sated we're trying to negotiate
that's a good that's a good line dude
that's a cleaver right there where's
that one open
all right now eat it eat it now you eat
it the green eat the green Brian guys do
you miss me what's the matter how needs
a cold out here I forgot Easter sauce
Sunday Sunday Saturday what day is it
Sunday
the best idea you ever had
but worst idea you ever did it's soccer
they approve of it here
somebody gonna die this is nice
who's that signed by oh man this is so
heavy
what is it it made the decision
that's like a jazz bass
live-action suck okay
guys slow down a little bit let's let's
load out there we go now we got it belt
get I'm gonna walk into traffic now oh
god I almost did Wow
oh yeah I think we're here is this
called I think it's called graffiti
alley up don't wanna get your shot there
scoot I apologize sorry that chick just
tell no biggie
got your Instagram ready the camera plus
Instagram the vibrance the clarity
filter for good - hips repaired
so are we going what was your your
method there that one's cool that's my
favorite I guess it's the artist yeah
yay have you ever seen it a more
beautiful and perfect sight in your
entire life are you so excited right now
I am going to stuff my face okay
I know where in your house it's okay
honey
my favorite favorite sign in Brazil
anyway so that was pretty interesting
yeah so we're heading back gonna go to
bed
tomorrow's all Lollapalooza and Foo
Fighters we're gonna see Foo Fighters
I am i think skrillex is playing too so
it's gonna be pretty cool hopefully we
can meet up with everybody Ali and I
spent like two hours today trying to
figure out the whole audio sync thing so
if this video doesn't look like a kung
fu movie like the last couple videos
that means we fixed it and if it does
now and that's Alan he's peace cool guy
yeah if this doesn't look like a kung fu
movie that means we fixed it so that's
good but yeah so gotta get the bed and
go to Lollapalooza all day so I will see
you guys tomorrow
great
yes
with children
we're safety
Harry don't forget to
