good morning guys look what I found my
old iPhone 3G Wow
as a lot of you guys already know I'm a
huge nerd and I have all my iPhones and
iPads and iPods and all that fun stuff I
decided to boot up my old 3G I tried to
do my iPhone one but it was like iPhone
is disabled I couldn't even do it I just
want to show you how slow this is okay
look at this
obviously that's all wrong but just
everything just slow isn't gonna funny
cuz you can tell the slowness okay
okay turn around I do my password okay
there we go and just look at how the
icons look how old they are
isn't it funny before this was before
mms before before the iPhone could
actually do text message I mean picture
messages and video messages there's no
video just sluggish so funny
she can't breakdance anymore on this she
should be able to break yes a lot better
yeah I think so last couple days have
been the Marley show dinosaur
another day another I don't even know
what all right I feel like you just did
this like few days ago turn attack again
we're going to so we're going to Brazil
and I can't I don't know if I could tell
you exactly what we're doing but it
involved
Lollapalooza down there can you guys
hear me I think we're gonna stop hallo
maybe Rio I'm not really 100% sure I'll
know more once we get down there it's
only for a couple days and then we come
back home so be a nice little quick trip
it's gonna be kind of interesting
because especially since what was it
last August we were this attending
Lollapalooza and now we're going down
and guess who's coming mr. moon what are
you doing it's not nighttime
dumbass moon that's the Easter Bunny
don't attack the Easter Bunny hey if you
attack the Easter Bunny he won't give
you any of those crappy marshmallow
peeps okay come on
leave the squirrels alone there's other
squirrels in the sea Marlene come on
mother squirrels in the sea let him go I
went way too close to the road dude sup
squirrel this is kind of a a message to
che in his lovely family and you know
there's such close friends of ours and
recently I talked to Shay I guess it was
a couple days ago
and he told me Malik I wasn't doing too
well and I just found out that he passed
away
and I just wanted to say to Shay and his
family Colette and all the upload baby
cards that I'm truly sorry beautiful
thing about filming these videos every
single day is that you get to relive
kind of your past you know those these
videos of our life and you know Shay's
life with Malachi is just you know it's
priceless I just wanted to say Malachi
if you never met him was a complete
badass
it was an awesome dog he had a thing for
Allie that's for sure he would always
every time we would visit she would jump
right on Allie and stuff like that and I
know a lot of you guys became close just
from watching their videos it's one of
those sad things where it's like it's
part of life and stuff like that but you
know just cherish cherish the time you
have with people you know like it's one
of those things where people were like
oh it's just a dog and things like that
it's like Q you know what I mean you if
you can't feel connection with your your
your pets I actually feel sorry for you
because you're missing out on a lot so I
just wanted to say really quickly that
you know melikhaya was a badass and I
wish I wish little Marley and Zoey got
to play with him but you know he's not
in pain or anything anymore so shake let
all you guys if there's anything ally
and I could do
you guys we love you guys very much
we're here for you come on mark
save me save me thank you Mario are you
doing so EG huh
let there be light light light
there we go I love that never gets old
just gotta get some last-minute supplies
like toothpaste and all that stuff so
look at the Brazil and have stinky
breath I'd be pretty bad
Newberry think granite or did you guys
hear about the airplane that crashed
into a Publix like random right okay do
we want sparkling mint or cool mild mint
and the most important thing got to get
some gummi bears for the flight I did
better and have gummy bear Oh Charles is
gonna seriously Oh Charles people crazy
publics in a second all right
this is horse poop yeah but I feel like
right now
you've never seen that video okay
toddlers and tiaras thought you were
having a seizure so you gotta stop
stealing from our neighbors all right I
don't know if I told you guys I know I
tweeted it but our neighbors have tomato
plants and I kept thinking that Marley
was eating poop over there and I went
and I like walked behind her and she's
eating the tomato plant she's literally
stealing tomatoes from our neighbors so
you can have it - that wasn't you really
like tomatoes -
mater's you can't have to have the whole
thing but that's the whole thing one
little bite
okay that's all you get only Ally
vacuums at ten o'clock at night
god you're like a freaking cat let's
check it out oh oh I like a little light
just to not as I said that the bag to
flatten it in there you guys making
cookies yeah I think we're doing is less
than oh that's good wait you just did
that I'm practicing but does it not
the noise does it I thought was the
ripping the crumbling does it rip really
okay here yeah I didn't know is that
crumbling I mean that's a serious
irrational fear you know that okay pick
a toy
I'm gonna watch there's like one of my
favorite things to do is just watch
silly try to find a specific toy that
she wants she hasn't mine to she will go
through the entire thing find it yet
that it at the toy you're looking for No
was that it
you found it it's so funny alright it's
close to 1 o'clock right now all the
brainslug that's so threatening with a
logo i gotta go to bed i've just
finished packing right now got a flight
oh my gosh I think gonna be like 10
hours what was it last time when we do
this flight last time in South America
or South Paulo was it like 10 hours I'm
pretty stoked to show you guys what
we're doing down there I don't want to
say it now because I don't want to get
in trouble but once we're down there
I'll find out if I can actually talk to
you guys but it's really cool and I'm
really stoked but it's gonna be really
cool to be back down in Sao Paulo and
yeah hopefully I'll see you guys all
over there all our Brazilian CTFxC r--'s
and we the king fans of hi-5 and stuff
like that so I will see you guys
tomorrow get ready for a little
adventure now you should probably get to
sleep because you guys kind of taking
pretty have a long flight - so
yeah for the secret phrase we'll just do
a bunch of Z's in the comments like
you're sleeping like ZZZ I'm losing my
mind
wait
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
where
with Dina
