what are you doing go find money not
chasing you
founder oh my gosh everything is where
is all the boxes Oh No let me let me
show you guys where all the boxes are
hold on oh there they are
well we're on the last steps now we got
to ship this whoa yeah what took you out
go get him go get him and Marley hit a
wall you know what's funny
today is the first thing I notice that I
can't let my hair air dry anymore really
you're gonna tell I had to actually tell
her I got out of it was ripping and I
went like this and then just shot all
over the mirror progress high-five for
progress
high-five for progress that's a girl I
had the biggest fail ever I'm just gonna
show you what happened on my Twitter
account twice and just I'm gonna I'm
gonna do this as a trippy ISM riding
with my sister right now in honor of
that just like okay here you go alright
that's the first one okay I kind of
screwed up right there right and then I
think oh I got to proofread it oh I
screwed up again so we're going to the
dog beach cuz I'm home for like 2 or 3
days so we're just kind of like doing
like a family outing
with the dogs with all the bitches in
Tison and we just swim by the peel box
and I'm actually really stoked because a
company I've been talking to for a while
now they've been seeing that I've been
traveling a lot and doing a lot of like
crazy things like that they sent me this
new product it's called gung-ho it's
like an energy energy shot I'll show you
guys later
I'll show you after the beats or
something like that but I'm pretty
stoked to try cuz they got all these
ninjas and cartoons and stuff like that
alright now we're going to the beach I
have to go pro so we can maybe do doggy
I didn't bring the doggy camps well
maybe I could just hold it for 10 I can
tell you him
let's cut the heli cam she's filming in
there
hi guys I cannot believe I did it again
three times three times I did that he's
gonna get really windy
in yesterday's video I was trying to
find Ted you know the pufferfish and I
asked you guys I was like saying try to
figure out the what is the formal name
of Ted well like you know like Matt
would be Matthew Ted
that would be Theodore is it I couldn't
figure it out
did you beat me on something Thank You
Ted dinner Haley what is the formal name
for Ted hey what is the formal name for
Ted what is the formal name for Ted yeah
do you like Matt would be Matthew Edward
what that's fun dude I can see why you
do that now you are huge mr. lizard and
you're not scared I'll give you a nickel
for that pickle dime quarter
it's a zoom in on the Marley face could
I have that pickle please get them off
your Beach oh wow there's right there
but it's not night time going over it
you can do it
did she just roll in that
it's all fish traps you have a crab give
a single crab wait so it died what is it
is alive
poke it now don't eat it don't eat it
poke it wake him up wake him up is that
a horseshoe crab is maybe like the size
of they're trying to take it try to take
it all right find the Marlee and she's
chasing a duck where is she look at this
Ali has to go get her now she's still
chasing the duck you saved her she would
have gone
that is the awareness dog I think I've
ever seen in my entire life I don't I
don't even I didn't even hear her get up
there
her butt is on a headrest and she's
balancing I mean that's like this wide
Marlee god you're weird
hey that'd be good okay hold on isn't
that for you look at those eyes you need
some energy after chasing all those
ducks can I have that back now oh my god
crazy we're getting ready to go down
Travis was just telling me that Billy
snake he's playing in a little cover
band just for fun tonight down to
Sarasota so we're gonna make a little
trip down there and watch the show oh
good it's somebody tired said I get this
really that's all I get all right you
can go to bed you know a fancy schmancy
hmm doo-doo-doo did you have one of
those and you're falling asleep too so I
was talking about that stuff the gung-ho
stuff earlier that we got when I first
tried it I was a little skeptical
because like when you look at it it's
like in a little mayonnaise or a ketchup
package you mean I was like it's kind of
but it actually tastes pretty good and
actually really does its Oh what was I
reading it was it's the only one
clinically proven not to give you all
those like for me when I have I coffee
or other energy drinks I'm always like
jittery and freaking out this one
actually doesn't and it
has proven to increase memory recall and
like basically it helps you think like
clear it's not just like the twitching
all the time they said they were gonna
send a couple to me I asked him if I
could give away a free you know some
free ones to you guys so if you go to go
gung-ho calm slash trippy links right
there in the video description or on the
screen right now you go there first 500
they're giving away 500 first 500 people
will get some free ones and then you can
have your ninja like focus there it is
ninja like focus are you ready for your
ninja like focus it's like your
mayonnaise package how's it taste
it's good actually I usually hate these
things not bad
okay you combat boots a little too too a
jean jacket and you're gonna be spazzing
out now place you won't be jittery did
you know you can't have the Hexen you
went and chased a freaking duck halfway
across the ocean the duck just flies ten
feet in front of her so she's like oh
I'll keep going I'll keep going
she was not listening to us you were
everyone just fast today Ali's a spaz
Zoe's as bad as Marley's as fast I'm not
a spastic make sure to go to go gung-ho
dot-com / trippy and get your free thing
before the 500 is up I always already
energy get it before they're gone and
then if they're gone just pick up some
for yourself like I said they're cheap
and they work Thank You gung ho for
sending us stuff and for hooking up the
CTFxC that was really nice of you guys
so you're just here watching on the show
it was fabulous they cleared the stage
now it was so much fun
Morgan was on the jobs bill was playing
the bass and they asked Travis up and
then Matt okay you know what guys tell
me what's your favorite song to play my
video you're on video I freeze I'm not
sure what to do with my hands 80 80
psst
giddy with child tripping
with trippy
