testing testing does this work any
different
testing testing can you guys hear
anything different your parent leader is
one of those audio kind of sound system
things how systems these echo things
does it work are they from Loudoun to
loadout no English no she has taught me
a couple things to say watashi no change
in wha will keep a how'd you mean
watched a kicky this guy thank you
today this translation was the
translation oh I have one of the
Japanese fans tell you don't worry yo
she carried it on his back the entire
time I got it guys whoever did this
thank you so much this is what a fly
sees every day that's pretty cool this
is the magic of loading and unloading
for a show we just got to Redding
Pennsylvania reading it's reading that
read it I can't find Dani I neither
gloat we can't find him anywhere found
everyone else except Danny this is a
location of my summer home we just
bought that there it is baby lots of
expensive stuff that I probably
shouldn't be touch meeting you guys
forget that I've never really been to
like the setup like I've been soundcheck
and stuff but I've never really watched
them unloading the gear so this is
pretty important this is super cool it's
a nice theater
we're in the bowels of the venue the
dungeon utilizing all the lights it's
like being a dressing room
it is a dressing rooms like rewind for
me like six years so this is why you
have to have a female on the road all
pretty much at all times it smell so
nice right now the conditioner the
conditioner I'll you when you stay at
fancy hotel actually it's hurting me
because I want a brushes off your brush
she wasn't to use this and I told her
she would never get it just get lost in
the abyss it would just disappear you've
been here at the venue pretty was all
day and it's kind of funny I've been
looking for Danny the entire day
I think he's dodging me because he knows
that I kind of won the bet you know like
though if you guys didn't know Danny
broke his wrist probably three to four
weeks ago I was just before the whole
head injury and we had a bet if we would
get like better quicker like it was me
or if it was him like if he would get us
cast off and since I'm out here I think
he's like doesn't want to admit it so
he's gonna dodge me the whole time but
the thing is soundcheck is probably in
like I don't know where's my phone like
in an hour
so obviously I'm gonna I'm gonna see him
and we'll actually get the column out
it's very delicate internet help Ally I
don't know if he can see it oh there
helps no it's not it seems it tries she
got hand sanitizer on her shoe does any
cobbler you have any cobblers out there
and then why there refinish yours yes I
said Shoesmith but it's actually cobbler
they can actually help out no I think it
might be stage left
oh wait you need to go stage right
that's cool look at those doors this is
gonna read I want to do in our living
room
this is he called it's not that cold
oh there's no leaves on the trees no big
deal your move to Pennsylvania
nope okay
like nuts for nuts in New York I'm like
Marley where she like goes it sniffs
around
Marley get out of that dirt Marley for
sound check I haven't seen you guys in a
while
this is high
need to come best friends on account of
me I'd say yeah let's do that the
straighter part right here
Oh
huh how'd you do it
so funny I was in a shop just like this
trying to solve some years
don't worry because filter will slowly
go through the right tibia birria that
sound I know you feel sorry man oh she's
gonna persevere how long have you had it
on five weeks is it long enough yeah I
don't know what to say
go it's a boy they'll compare look at
your forearm that's smaller forearm now
oh no looks pretty good don't look bad
it's gonna be a little fragile man throw
these back on
bring it Charles how you feeling weird I
can't quite like go right back to my
little
so like posing clutch she takes hi with
uh with us today so what is rehearsing a
little bit if you actually didn't know
we have a song over in addition with
this it's on a snowball fight on the
trail from the channel I'll put a link
right there it's like only place you can
hear the song it's like a remix with him
so great to everyone here it's actually
really good I love it it's the same
thing
cat smells like literally it smells like
the worst saying there I can't even
think you're smelling it right but it
smells gonna go stop in there stop you
demonstrate the true way a man eats and
me both I don't know why yes that's a
problem this I don't I just don't kind
of oh how you doing baby a little
nervous you nervous yeah I'm just going
over the setlist right now just to make
sure it's like going fine satin will
help you going over the setlist just a
setlist and I'm just like going over the
songs in my head it's like going back to
school like you know I remember first
day back to school you're like okay how
do I do
like all the division and level of that
division but like all that crazy
formulas and algebra and stuff we're
really really stoked it up yeah bad
thing out of here show ritual hold on I
gotta come on this sides better through
the jungle of red man you're gonna PC
there's a place to be look yeah love in
two days when I don't shower
nice wrist buddy you ready
be right back I go play show okay
we have another member of we the kings
enjoy it was a good fight tonight
jeez yeah you gonna need stitches Duke
final destination I need a medic oh my
god
God what's happening oh my God we're all
late night out this is kind of like
after like a baseball game you go get
pizza hutt but instead we're gonna go
take a sheets we haven't been here since
the last time we took a sheets having a
tough time there JJ so indecisive I
don't think we have actually introduced
this is JJ Internet JJ everyone's hard
at work right now there's so much it's a
problem with this place is you just want
everything well it's time to go to bed
it is I don't one o'clock we have to
rush to the airport tomorrow head back
home the show was great it was great to
be back up there I want to say thank you
to Jesse and Jeana for coming out my
cousin for coming out to I was watching
her favorite movie in the world it's
wonderful to be back and I'm stoked I
hope you guys enjoyed it was fun but
yeah Danny and I we tie he sawed off his
cast the day I started back and that was
that that was the deal and I hope you
guys are stoked there's a lot of amazing
tour dates we're going all over the
world Malaysia Australia like I was
telling you Warped Tour and I can't wait
to meet all you guys and that is gonna
come on a lot of these dates too so make
sure to check out the tour dates I hope
to see you guys there oh by the way
we're gonna do a live show tomorrow
like I said Sunday at 8:00 so check out
their links down there if it's not down
there anymore that means you missed it
but it's every Sunday 8 p.m. Eastern so
I will see you guys tomorrow the live
show and also be sure to check out the
video with the she takes me high with my
pleasure what you heard you're gonna
hear a little bit
I'm the outro and stuff like that the
links down there as well as a lot of
links down there a lot of little
treasure chests so I will see you guys
later I'm gonna stop talking we go to
bed good guys good night everyone that
was very sweet as you hear you whoopie
pie I'm happy
she takes me
she takes me
she takes me
