do not ignore the barley look at this
dingus
she's walking around with a frog you're
so weird you guys are so funny your
personalities are so goofy I like how in
that clip you're just walking around
with a frog making a ribbit the whole
time
oh it's all you just want to play
I got plain necessities you guys want
some gummi bears and some coffee
oh I'm gonna need that back
thank you I've had this car for like
four or five years and I'm usually
driving right but I can't drive right
now because uh I guess when you have a
seizure you can't drive from four to six
months or whatever it is right ready
I'm not done about done look at this I
always wondered why I didn't have a
drink holder back there look at this
what yeah
the Green Lantern wait manlier than that
what which are turtle is green no that's
not a turtle that's the Green Lantern em
none of em are see your bodies are green
they're there cuz the turtles Oh trip
you zoom that's nice wait isn't that a
dub double negative guys nobody doesn't
like Sarah Lee before we get on the
plane I'm making sure the video is
uploaded see that's why the video was on
time yesterday
do I sound very stuffy hopefully
it's my first time going through with
the metal plate in my head well for
everyone wondering if metal plate in my
head would trigger in the airport the
answer is no a metal plate will not
alright guys so what's happening is I
have a confirmed seat but Ali doesn't so
I might have to get on this plane and
then she ought to get on the other one
but we're waiting right now and we're
trying to I'm trying to sweet-talk the
lady it ain't a sweet talker though
hopefully hopefully we can get on the
same play wait who's winning this my
play I just tweeted this the airport
fashion watch a word goes to the guy and
Maggie sweatpants flip-flops and the
tailored blazer I would do that I
should've brought my it's gonna be a
fashion comfort and style not tell him
about the alley didn't make this light
but you're going to go next forward
hopefully turn look pretty -
down on playlist Jay and I were talking
about get the idea of putting they're
gonna scavenger hunt it's like doing
some simple on the back of a quarter and
a play-in ashtray this wasn't even have
a hatch right maybe the next wave oh but
I figured maybe you suggesting that I
hear it too since I'm always traveling
what I'm going to do is I'm going to a
quarter of the do a different design in
the ashtray of the bathroom and you guys
have you find it they're really very
pleased happen
Oh interest rate right there I forgot
okay all right let's see where Ali is my
ears
they still haven't popped so I don't
even hear anything right now it's like a
bunch of echoes I be been able to get on
the plane so I lost you 45 more minutes
and then we find out if you get on it
is it is it full just be like Bruce
Willis or Buzz Lightyear and just climb
up the wheels you can be like Marley
just sneaky be like Marley trying to
sneak food okay so now I can get to the
stupid thing let's see here I'm a gummy
bear so I gotta find a quarter or coin
drop and I'm gonna put it on the
yesterday even corner oh this'll do is
this Brazilian have vessel bit so I'm
gonna draw something on it now and I'm
not gonna show you guys so yeah that's
okay drew on it now I can't show you
guys I'm gonna put in the ashtray when I
get on the plane now
oh no nope nope looks like a like an odd
way to see this photo Ally's on I'm
boarding let's do this
flipper get there yeah roughly about the
same time there maybe we'll hang out
with Jesse and Jeana I'd be kind of cool
because the guy selling
I gotta make sure you guys can see
should be craziness like this year we
have
yeah
well got good news and bad news bad news
is I can't hear anything my ears get
worse but the good news that my yelling
feel like I'm yelling right now I'll
talk a lot I'll go Rochus but just know
be safe and the good news is Ali got on
a flame should be here at 10:00 so it
worked
go across the fingers it worked
I'm turning it my something to make my
ears pop
you guys know a better way this is what
by yelling
do my days for everybody okay that's
kind of funny
morose day no but I thought it was
yelling apparently I'm not speaking loud
enough now what to ask the lady where
the hotel was and she's like I'm sorry I
can't hear you apparently hos whispering
oh please
creepy hallways creepy it's gonna be
like a shine
hey I just made it to me now I think
Jessie and Charles are gonna pick me up
right now I'm not positive sorry I'm
gonna jump a whole lot today guys you
know it sucks but I was basically on
edge all day waiting to make sure I've
got on these planes now that I'm here
it's party time
hey do your car PvP done you had to put
your seat up
oh no I wanted to write dirty now so
we're all ready United is here got
Jessie Gina's not here though she's
working so now we're gonna go hang out
PvP half of PvP Sun Sun gym Pete's gonna
go get some food Jesse's taking us as
chickies and Pete right yeah we are
first time all looking they have like
little things are going on this place is
not there's like video games ever that
rock band all over there never been in
this this is so cool that's awesome
when you're over the age of 21 or 16 in
Europe it makes more sense um you can
see I'm at the buyer here so we do bows
at Europe Spain house paint it was like
if you could see over the bar
they weigh but every I would see like
kids at the bar smoking suitors and
wrinkly take it fear with a bar
like I read a quote on the menu no you
ready for like a philosophical vote it's
better to eat it a bar and drink it a
restaurant that is some cheese how we do
right
that is like the strongest
you can build a bridge right there oh
yeah no I have not
this place is so good this is oh god
it's like I think they had like a
10-hour flight so we have to wake up
tomorrow early I'm stoked I'm really
excited to get back into this and I hope
you guys excited Jesse and Jeana are
coming I think my cousins are coming and
Natalie finally made it so that's
awesome
but I gotta go to bed and I'm sorry I'm
whispering it's part really annoying but
yeah tonight see your face is a
free-for-all just type whatever you want
just whatever you want down there I'll
see you guys tomorrow
oh by the way there's a bonus video on
the trippy gentle
yes
with children
to be an ally don't forget
