good morning guys it is literally a 4
a.m. we're trying to get a nice early
start right now so that way we're not on
the road all freaking day we can
actually go and do something for once
today
I think we get a really underestimated
the whole size of being a king and how
how long it takes I'm so used to flying
it's just like oh well you know I think
six six hours or something stupid like
that today we're going to be trying to
go to place called oh she's ever
elevated since cavern to the New Mexico
after 4 a.m.
to make a drive to Dallas and all that
stuff before traffic so good morning
Oh
ah
Oh
where on earth did you just take a
there's a white music oh there's our
hotel the traveling things board is up
there go flight world you're telling me
a story voted to flag without a business
I kind of want to go in there I was just
a bunch of abandoned bikes in there stop
the dogs go out and I just thought this
is such a cool little area those are
some massive and good god I've never
seen him that big that's like any other
junk man New Mexico see now we get to go
to the cavern Nick is always been seeing
for the last like three hours as we
almost ran out of gas because there's
nothing around here we had a panic in a
little bit but we found again crisis
averted that would have been that would
have been an adventure right there being
some bit a little
and we were close to war in Mexico do
here guys
I'll dig that's a very good place to be
just much native right there cuddle up
to that plan
host man where are we where are we so
we're heading off to the caverns right
now and as you can see it's pretty
gnarly in here I was talking to the we
got a hotel for the dogs just so that
way they'd be air conditioning and I
talked to the guy and he said that they
are close by now and as you go and it
won't like go out closing time that
people have spread they turn the lights
off and you're stuck there all night
babies leave really had a friend what
actually happened
caring though I'm a little terrified
because if if this goes on five but it's
like more lockdown or 3:45 now so
entries that time is she saying
everything changes
Oh
the video is not uploaded tomorrow you
know long as we get locked in a cage
that will be the way I go out with a
record like why do you miss day oh we
got walked in a cabin oh wow
well this all looks fake but this
literally is under a rock that's the big
room the other side they look funny that
look literally sake
all of this looks like living from
Disney
with my with my web map living in the
cabin and the remainder somehow the
other side truly amazed how beautiful
the things are different every single
thing Joey and I were talking about how
we've randomly sighs come here we didn't
have this on our origin at all
bye-bye
and now we're back at the top so here's
a fun little story there's a guy in the
1800's thought he saw some smoke coming
out of a mountain this mountain and we
decided like any rational human being
oh there's smoke coming out of the
mountain let's go check it out I guess
it can fall well because I probably
would've done the same thing
but it turns out what it was was a bunch
of bats flying out of the cave so he
went down that I would have done I'm
actually really glad that we stopped
there and I'm really glad that we have
in the RV to do these different things
one thing that we learned is coming up
to the top of it now and physically that
allows well uber but they also don't
have a taxi so we had to take the RV up
here which is wonderful I wish we came
up here this is not a place I can see
campus at least I don't think it is but
char and I walking through that it was
just one of the coolest little stops
that we've had so far and it was a
random one that we weren't even actually
planning off it is our break first and
it was our first stop here he will pick
up the pups we've got a bubble tea at
the Plaza hotel room and they're pretty
sight it was the point of the call we
met earlier she's but why did you put
them in the kettle and I said well our
doctors well they liked to watch this
and for watching the office in their own
hotel room okay Michael I feel a little
thing because so many people have been
coming up with on this trip asking us
about the RV and like it's such a
perfect promotion that's why I like
there it's like oh we're just like to
check out lazy days
I didn't ogle them and that's what they
do we did a couple in there like not a
rental man again but how much is good
and we were talking about 41 and that's
awesome and it's cool because I feel
like a lot of couples now really are
doing that very much took one like I met
a lady earlier was
he has been watching Netflix with the
typical Charles Denali fashion being
just last minute you know spontaneous
people we decided okay so we just did
the calls bad calls it Charles bad cat
what's the caverns we just did a
beautiful cavern I'm editing a video
actually right now and I just I'm blown
away still looking at this footage like
it just it looks so fake and like
honestly I'm looking at the footage and
it just does not hold up to exactly what
it looks like it just hitch it a few
days it's just massive but 400 feet like
cavern black type of flag much better
like taller than shakeela memory they
call it
in the early quiet
honestly like it's I try I'm trying to
make it as beautiful as I possibly could
I hope you guys liked it but I just
recommend doing anyway so I was talking
about spontaneous we decided I want to
see Roswell
I just want to because we're already out
here and I know the band will never tour
Roswell New Mexico it's just I don't
think there's I don't think so I don't
even know this is the whole point about
just learning I want to go there so bad
just because I feel like it's going to
be weird and just like exterior typical
I want to see all the goofy alien stuff
and then what we're going to do is like
we're just going to drive there kind of
spend a couple hours and then we're
going to drive up to the great great
sand dunes in Colorado so we're going to
try to do a couple things tomorrow then
maybe camp out there for a couple days
however like I said the spontaneousness
is kind of catching up to us a little
bit I just convinced somebody in fraud
so we're staying what our sort of thing
is we're going to be staying in Roswell
which is kind of scary but pretty
freakin awesome at the same time
why but I replaced apt about life
make sure you got dr. Johnny people
didn't sound like really big people to
get affected planet I'm not an idiot
ethereal woman yes
you think your dog is going to get the
one if you don't want to Justin I just
this resulted we'll get accepted
you ready to get Dex's by an alien
I mean look at this
alright guys well we are officially in
Roswell New Mexico actually its place
it's pretty cool like this little tiny
kinda looks a little creepy but the cool
little RV park that we kind of found
actually was the only one that was open
at 11 o'clock at night because like I
said we're stupid procrastinators so
tomorrow we're going to be exploring
Roswell so please don't forget to
subscribe I hope you enjoyed today's
video it was probably one of those
videos that I'm always going to look
back at it was just unbelievably
beautiful this nature nature's awesome
alright guys well hopefully I'll see you
tomorrow unless I get you know abducted
by aliens wait
that seriously
