you forgot the ones myself did you
really feel oh really
ah blue box speaker because I slapping
the best too hard you were just like
kind of Jamaican
good afternoon Internet I want to ask
you guys a serious question
who the eff brought the plague to
playlist live I've been looking at the
Twitter of it oh oh I'm getting vitamin
C right now I've been looking at my
Twitter feed and I've noticed like
everyone who was at playlist live is now
sick who brought who brought the
sickness come on down with the sickness
should I play that one song was a
drowning poll or something like that who
brought it raise your hand I don't know
what I was thinking it's like every time
I go to playlist or a VidCon or
something like that it always happens I
should take like some sort of medicine
preemptive medicine or anything like
that but yes I don't feel very good I
feeling better than I was yesterday but
I just thought it was so funny like
everyone in my Twitter off my Twitter
feed is now sick huh all right oh by the
way we leave tomorrow
Oh every time I just look at it I start
to cringe
yeah so we drove all the way down
because we have to do a bunch of errands
down here and what's going on what's
that noise
great some thunder over here I take it
back guys there's something blue in
nature yeah I take it completely back
looks pretty good we have to get a bunch
of stuff for the house way what is the
thing that we have to get what is it we
have to get a pot right now
Oh what else do we have to get have to
get pot 50 a pot okay we have to get pot
and what else we have to get 15 pot and
then we have to get Shepard I have
a mind of my 12 year old have to say
that's insulting it's just
yeah Ellie has her pot is that all the
pot you need the paw oh boy this makes
me want to touch it again poke on me no
no no it's pretty cool you realize your
childhoods dead right how about I like
topiary instead of going to Toys R Us
you want to go to Home Depot it's long
gone so Lorax trees
I want these oh my god my childhoods
dead are you looking for a shrubbery
yeah yeah
Oh Ellie doesn't want the Lorax trees I
can get one I want that one what do I
put it in that bedroom oh it's that much
money to screw that I got you said got
you does that this is a peanut chicken
how do you get them let's kind of break
the plant and you break it you buy it
buy a tomato at home buy it and then do
it at home I literally can't take him
anywhere
wait what is that wait a minute it's not
real this is that I don't think it's
like a peanut
I think ornamental peanut hey mr. bumble
bee please don't sting me oh you got a
little orange things on your feet there
pollen
crikey no fear when it comes to vlogging
guys offer you entertainment hopefully
I'm not allergic to bees
okay now get out without any help let
them struggle yeah probably not a good
idea after brain surgery to face plan
and stick you getting the tiny one
you stuck do you get stuck you really
suck it was like oh well there you go
Oscar heads give me a hand wait just go
straight up that's a lot of man you
guys are preferred it this is what I was
talking about your you selectively
listening to me right now this is stuff
you buy a one time in your life he'll
break you put put a little bastard in
there I needed to get this on film so we
have proof so it when Ali wants to get
more stuff yeah I know you put a little
astok right there little jerk now you
got a feed trough want to help pick out
swatches or something I want to do in
the living room where the TV is and
stuff by the kitchen I want to do a dark
color like a red maybe like this I think
that would look pretty sweet right again
my child is gone since I have a show on
Saturday I have to replace my have you
guys noticed okay besides my hey I'm not
hipster but have you noticed like the
skin things going away like my arms are
a little bit better so I'm gonna get my
zoo I had surgery they cut my necklace
off if you'd noticed that's been gone I
think this nope this is not I have to
get like a specific kind visits this is
it right here
found it that's huge match me match you
cool-looking all it is and then you just
double wrap it those people's been
asking me a long time just switch it up
and get the red color oh the red is kind
of cool they got a Hemi in there did
that hit me it's really low
well what kind of plane is that
at the corporate jet I watched South
Park yesterday and I didn't even know
this meme actually existed but you take
photos with cats with bread on their
face the cat bread and I completely miss
I think I was on tour when this happened
so I completely missed this and the only
person with a cat and since we're
already down here as them so we're gonna
find kitchen and we're gonna bread the
cat bread the cat bread the cat where's
the cat want to bread to Zoey and Marley
wait I just went Zoey Martha's bread the
alley thing cogs we just want to eat the
bread okay kitchen we're gonna internet
meme you you're a meme don't look at me
take it out that was awesome kitchen
give it up for kitchen come here
are you mad still okay you're not mad my
turn my turn come on there you go
stay Miley stay stay Oh just smash it
together
oh one more shake look just give me the
bread just give me the bread okay stay
Martis breaded much ah so he look up
Zoe's breaded oh no dogs and cats were
harmed in making of this video
in fact I think we found out that Zoe
Marley oh that was my hand all bloated
are you trying to fix your Xbox all
you're doing that's where the inside of
an Xbox so said guys
all right you guys ready go home ready
back at home
now it's time Oh what is that I have a
phone call guys we came home and this
one yeah I know
yeah you got a bumblebee we all know I'm
not gonna let you rip it it was on here
jumped up here immediately and took the
beat probably a bumble bumble bees hey
miles go frog it's doing it oh it stinks
things like in here because there's
the right there as literally it's
 guys all right time to do laundry I
remember the last time I did laundry I
think it was like wait is that oh that's
our tour shirt okay so are you the type
of people that just uh throw the whites
in there were the darks oh and to
address people asking we are still in
the process of getting this all sent off
the dftba hopefully it'll be soon in the
next week or so
it's just a lot it's just as you guys
can see it's a lot of stuff to send
you're gonna get a poster you want to
poster yeah that's you which ones you
can you tell reflection point point nope
that's me you actually knew which ones
you I would be pretty amazed as you can
see we're still in the process of
sending this out so hopefully soon
hoodies insurance a we for sale very
very soon we're trying our best yet
until then we have these these are
actually on sale still the links down
there in the video description but I
know you guys really want the hoodies
and stuff like that and we don't work
your hardest we will get it oh my gosh
there's still some in here we're gonna
have our house back it's really amazing
ah
the worst part about doing laundry the
socks
I gave doing the socks stupid socks well
I am just finishing up packing right now
and trying to find a bunch of shirts Oh
we'll be there for like 2 or 3 days and
we're coming back home but I'm excited
to get back you know on base and play
the show it's gonna be a good show I
think was actually playing with mike
posner should should I tell him that I
think I'm cooler than him get it no yeah
it was always joke and Ally's coming out
and all that fun stuff so I gotta go I'm
gonna get some sleep because I have to
early long flight tomorrow the secret
phrase for tonight is slap into bears
that is gonna be our secret phrase in
the be original however you want to
spell it slap into bears alright I'll
see you guys tomorrow
and yeah bye
yes
giddy with child tripping
to be an ally don't forget
