did you wake up to Daddy practicing you
didn't do you feel bad about what you
did oh you feel bad you feel bad you
feel bad for her don't you Oh guys
where's my pillow yeah that's right
bitch you get my pillow water looks like
a some dog walk down there you doing
some yoga Zoey let's just take a look at
your fashion statement right now we got
old school Crocs we got you gangsta
pants you got workout stuff and your
headband thingy okay fashionista over
here call Jeff Goldblum there's a
dinosaur oh wow zooming in makes this
thing look huge you get that lizard
dinosaur that was it so I got a lizard
it's the dinosaur oh you got a good
vision mark but what chasing lizards is
doing that work what are you doing
are you getting all the grout all the
grout and crap yeah guess it's time to
do that today maybe I guess we gotta get
some of that stuff today
dodgeball I'd love it what she uses our
arms like kicking it again kick kick G
get up double that oh it's in the water
today I woke up coughing and had a runny
nose right really go get some medicine
and I'm just gonna rest and two days
before the show so I need to get rid of
it it'll call so common cold you can do
everything else pretty much except
that's stupid common cold chick in the
video box chicken in the peel box this
is our theme song or chicken the PIO box
open the pineal box with your keel box
and there I just saw something in there
no this is so freaky and since you have
a cold
oh my god they knew the future they sent
Kleenex you guys mind
are you guys Miss Cleo it's DeLeo I'm
totally gonna blow boogers all over that
right now I do finger push-ups doesn't
it feel cold
oh not weird you can't tell you can't
tell how cold it is when you touch it
that doesn't feel weird to you and cool
like I'm unreasonably cold for a tissue
no I just totally ruined that entire
thing I know
all right what makes this how much
should I put in here three directions
Internet you ever wondered why they
always do this they hide the active
ingredients on the back here two
tablespoons I'm over the age of 12
another thing now am I supposed to get
this without using my tea
yeah that's a full thing yeah there's
that unnatural blue guys oh by the way
when I said name something in nature
that's blue we're talking about this
unnatural blue now like blueberries so
that's just like unnatural oh oh I'm
just gonna ah don't judge
ah-hey medicine ah you guys all got
goose bumps probably right hi goose
bumps Oh gross
you gonna help her pot a plant that's
very nice of you
you neither can you do the other way
what a weird dog and now drink the water
can I get that ho get the dirt this
rosebush needs it too right are you
trying to like just pull that out really
you're like she-hulk Oh like any nut and
sorry guys the kind of went mi a there
for a little bit I'm really afraid of
like the first time you know going back
and playing a show on Saturday I think
it's a 31st and Reading Pennsylvania you
guys taught me it's not reading it's
reading I want to be completely healthy
so I took a bunch of Medicine as you
guys saw passed the F out and just been
sleeping all day well it's really kind
of it's kind of sweet it's very sweet
that in the comments you guys have been
telling me to take a break which is I
think is unbelievable instead of like
make more videos you guys like Charles
calm down you're like you don't it is
it's like you guys are this I don't mean
this isn't it's all you guys are like my
parents like making sure and taking care
of me along with Ally and everybody else
and I find that adorable I find that
very very sweet I'm gonna watch some TV
kind of probably just kind of zone out
and just kind of take some more medicine
hopefully I see you guys on the show on
Saturday and if you guys haven't checked
it out make sure to check out the tour
dates like I said a lot of people good
asking me on Twitter yes I will be on
all those tour dates I couldn't I
couldn't ask for a better better Huck
cop I just copped him a very sincere
part I'm gonna cut to Ally's clips right
now she's hanging out with Shane Katie I
think Billy and everybody I wish I was
there but I don't feel good I feel like
crap but if I anywhere like smokey or
anything like that and I feel like crap
so Ali's getting some more footage for
you guys I will see you in a little bit
you can make those off her face there
you go
turn into all this look related besides
the fact that I used to be fat well
that's cute
fluffy we don't say fat the beasts oh
wait like they think they're gonna get
weight did you
feee D th e M I feel like we're
preparing for having children that we
spell things because the dogs totally
know what we're saying what did you say
we F EE D th e em yeah like you're like
there's ago every single time they're so
sneaky they get all excited and then
they kind of transfer that excitement
over towards the food area and they're
like yeah yeah you know we're so happy
you're home did you see this did you
know there was a food bowl here cuz
we're totally down to have that if you
want ants up to you but we're so excited
now she's gonna drink for like an hour
and a half you get in the garbage little
poop head yeah she did the down dog and
then peed jerk
yes
giddy with child tripping
with Gianelli don't forget so anymore
