look at that another awesome sky we are
on our way to go talk to the surgeons to
kind of our first consultation since the
removal of the silicon the G reality
that was her eating an apple yeah we're
gonna go to talk with the surgeons can I
get a consultation see what's going on
just kind of I found out everything on
the phone so they're gonna explain
things a little bit more
I leave for tour on the Friday for the
31st we're playing with Mike Posner and
reading pencil is it reading or reading
no I thought it was reading Pennsylvania
but anyway we're playing a show is that
what it is help us out so we're playing
a show on the 31st in reading reading
pennsylvania with posner and i'm gonna
talk with them now about getting on a
plane and playing a show and all that
stuff so here's hoping for good news
everyone right now even though you this
has already happened i probably tweeted
that we did on twitter still press your
fingers that just seems like a
ridiculous thing like how's the
skipper's was to know when he's skating
you know it'd be really fun let's get a
longboard and go down one of these
things and then use that as a ramp and
just ramp off over it oh my new pants
I think the zipper broke won't stay out
embarrassed you ever wonder why the
zipper being the fly being down is like
such an embarrassing you get embarrassed
I think it's kind of funny I'm just like
man zippers down blah whatever
just get out of the meeting and what was
that Mahone yes we have good news we got
the thumbs up the approval so it looks
like I am jumping back on tour and we're
moving on with life and like four months
I got to go back for an MRI and just
kind of keep a track of everything is
exactly the same stuff as I told you
guys last time and yeah okay so I'm
really pop we're gonna do in an Internet
high-five right now just place your hand
instead of doing this and like breaking
your computer screen just put it way
down the screen okay just internet
high-five
that's real life that was you guys that
was you doing the Internet high-five if
you guys want to say hi on tour go to
the we the kings page go to tour section
and check it out because I'll be there
now so I'll put that in the video
description and Ally most likely be
there too you guys want to come - ready
good news we're good
a lot of people were asking like why I
like had a - I got a tumor
why I had a tumor that's also a million
dollar question right now if you guys
can figure that out please let me know
but why I had a seizure that caused all
that kind of stuff I guess it was like a
little bit of hemorrhaging in the tumor
itself when that happens the iron in
your blood kind of irritates your brain
and that basically essentially it trolls
your brain it pisses it off and I want
coffee oh there's a Starbucks right here
that's what causes a seizure
I learned something that's kind of
interesting right I don't know if that's
what causes all seizure it's not like
epilepsy or anything like that but
that's what caused mine which is good
because otherwise it would have laid
dormant for years and I would never have
known he was explaining it was actually
it wasn't even it was an irritation but
he was also explaining like seizures is
almost like an over excitement of the
brain like when - it's do I start firing
at the state everything starts firing at
exactly the same all right now Cisco at
the st. and then all eventually your
whole brain is like firing at the same
frequency and we also learned like if
somebody that you know or we were with
is having a seizure
definitely don't just let them have a
seizure you know I'm not sure I'd open
her mouth
that's swallowing guitar the swallowing
the tongue is a myth don't decide to
stick a wooden spoon in there and
there's a Starbucks right there okay the
best thing you could do is catch them if
they fall and they don't have right if
they don't this is not medical advice
is what we were told so don't take this
as law guys I don't want to be come back
at me but it's what they told us but
yeah these are some tips basically if
they don't have a Starbucks coffee cup
to fall on their face like I did catch
them if they fall kind of learning
something new every day right I just
thought of something I was like oh they
could do this I got a nice personal
Frappuccino what's not right with this
car maybe it's a Tahoe or an Escalade
but it's really to talk oh that's funny
oh my god today is even getting better
Oh more coconut water we went to check
the peel box and I walk in I guess the
people that worked there follow me on
Twitter or something like that because I
walk in and they're giving me high-fives
cuz I post it on Twitter like internet
high-five so that was funny I just walk
in they're like woo just give me a five
now the fun part
all the bills are coming in from all the
doctors and stuff I do have insurance
guys but which is I'm incredibly
thankful that I've got it before all
this happened we should have like a pool
I'm like how much all this is gonna cost
we should do that The Price is Right
rules guys in the comments right now how
much you think all of this from the
Idaho to here to the surgery to
everything is going to cost and then
once we get we'll get a tally
I don't know whenever we get the tally
I'll let you guys know big kind of
interesting right how much you think
65,000 65,000 for brain surgery and the
everything-everything medication
everything I don't want to go over
I say $1 I'm just kidding I think it's
gonna be 84 thousand dollars is what I
think it's gonna cost with medication
everything medication ER ICU operation
everything type in the comments guys
Price is Right rules and remember for
the next time oh yeah let me do this
whoo thank God for insurance guys wanna
help me open it
Mar they wanna help me let's open it
what your nose is what your nose is yes
its hydration time huh
you want them no thank you one I love
you hold on hold on hold on I know your
squirrel friends out there go get them
we're gonna do the secret phrase for
today a little bit early in the video
cuz just I thought this would kind of be
funny it's kind of it no no no it's
actually it has to do with hands though
and yesterday's video in the comments I
did this I did like a little thumbs up
macro then I don't know I saw it
somebody did it in one of our videos so
this is our secret phrase this is what
you have to write in the comments it
means you have to go in yesterday's
video and look in the comments and try
to find my little thumb up guy and then
post it here that's that's that's the
secret it's kind of a little bit with
trickier though I thought it'd be kind
of fun videos not over yet I just wanted
to do it now and Ali has tiny man hands
my mom's joining me today I'm scared me
too
yeah I think somehow great you ready to
be insane you're gonna be insane you're
the art and saying you don't need any
other training
I just finished insanity and I was
getting ready to go to the grocery store
I kept calling Charles and they answer
me they're bored so you got a big head
it's a new duck and his mare than you
done cleaning up on some poop face of a
champion ready gonna get her just in
style
one two three go
oh that was a lame attempt at fighting
what'd you find I'm trying to make it
those little fairies come out oh the
little ant lions whoa Oh Zoe you look
creepy oh hi come last year I discovered
this like I kind of made up this like a
sesame such a sesame chicken recipe and
it literally over a year ago I felt like
you know what before I go for tour I'm
gonna make it because it was freakin
delicious I was like what the best what
I caught was like something something
bleeping chicken
ah my memory soap and that's why I've
walked I could look it up later never
grow up
the bit ironic you're doing this in
front of the beer aisle
it's a salon oh that hurt I got
pancakemix
do you know last time I did this was May
16 2011 crazy what was it called the
best ride ever this vlog is now turning
into a cookie look at all right I am
cooking right here okay then was a pan
over to Ally over here she is making
what do you mean she's making red velvet
cookie cheesecake cookies I'm gonna put
a link like to a photo I'll write it out
and something like that - a photo of the
instructions for both of these in the
description below if it's not there
remind me on Twitter because really
better doing this this gonna be the best
vlog ever for cooking
oops honey in there freaking lost count
what was that hon it's five six six ish
seven if you're a fan of sesame chicken
like I am you you're probably surprised
to know that the secret ingredient to
the sauce I talked about this last year
when I did this for the secret
ingredient right now before I show you
guys what is the secret ingredient that
sesame chicken in the comments let's
play again this is all for you guys make
these volleys interactive ready did you
type it ready here it is jump ketchup is
it that's the secret ingredient
don't get a scourge guys when it starts
smelling like Bo and ketchup it's does
it feel good always kids burn up burn
doing this are you cleaning out my mess
you clean out my oh you oh my god me
trouble okay
and we're done the red velvet cookie it
looks like a hamburger stuck just
observing that's what she said
no no they're not finished almost no big
fish baby but I'll fix it that could be
mine but we are watching Chelsea Lately
earlier and Charles is like look at this
cookie just ignore her ignore her
yes
which are tripping
would be an ally
