okay pill time eat it no you don't spit
it out
open your mouth eat it quit spit it okay
open your mouth get it okay
quick come on eat it eat it
oh you're a big ol brat open your mouth
open your mouth like that oh my gosh
you're a jerk
one more time eat your pill close your
mouth
close your mouth close your mouth open
you waiting to spit that out aren't you
oh they're gonna take forever
you just want to do the frogs out what's
going on so I'm just doing some editing
right now I had to move the beds because
they wouldn't leave my side you guys are
awesome
dafuq it was open up for the airplane
you know I should make it crash lay it
on your forehead
now don't get me wrong on this one I
absolutely love Slurpees but have you
really ever looked at like the color of
certain foods and drinks like for
example this and it looks refreshing
right looks super refreshing but like
we're in nature have you ever seen the
color blue and food so he's so funny it
looks good though right it looks like ah
it's like blue just be thirsty 25:25 ah
nope
got it holy crap I didn't realize how
expensive gas is here Lewis shenanigans
did it not say 6125 they charged me an
extra penny jerks on the way too late
let me get myself in the face I somehow
broke Ali's charger so we're gonna see
if they can exchange it I don't know how
I did it I just plugged it into the
stupid thing
can't have nice and keep nice things I
almost I almost missed a day because I
wasn't able to get my computer but so
thanks thankfully Melissa had hers that
would have been bad that would be so
lame
but like missed a day because of a
stupid charger is it your birthday yeah
there's two clips of us eating now our
childhood has died we're checking
scented oils I can't do it now I'm
holding the Internet
I'm holding the entire pin in it for now
well I got I did it literally got you
think I leave the tour in like three
days 33 first night big mirror during a
show without mike posner so I have to
get be closed because gone for a while
like on an office stuff like that and
then they walked or overtook Malaysia
Indonesia Australia to be possibly you
guys are going to get to go all over the
world and alleys and hopefully come with
all you know most of those dates stuff
like that but I gotta give you pants
because
they're holes in the zipper doesn't
sound some alley gene number one gives
it the healthy okay G number one
hey the reason why I have to get him so
scared because weren't running around on
stage like you know I can't be all
banking otherwise I'll just you know
I'll go get food myself I need to get
angry to get the skinny jeans guys I'm
just gonna keep telling myself that if
your games number two
which would you like better the khaki of
the gray do you decide Ali lost the car
do the beep noise what does my car feel
like an 80 year old woman right now
we found it we're right there two cars
away do you guys remember yesterday when
I asked you the last time or the first
time we ever went to Fuddruckers I can't
believe you guys actually found out do
you wanna think against at what year it
was what what year was own eyes okay
what day was it close was they 78 there
we go
a 78 I gotta charge my phone
what's the food hey where's the food
show the internet where the food is go
get it
where's the food oh that's it it's like
Zelda you just found the golden chest oh
it sounds like Zelda - dude everything
you do is so freakin frantic oh yeah oh
yeah that's actually thank you for
reminding me sorry I wanted to ask you
guys anyone who has an iPhone is this
normal battery life for you so as you
can see I've been using it all day right
and this is what I have for usage about
five hours and three minutes is that
normal pretty much a full charge
I mean to empty charge now I don't have
a headache at all no no headaches over
here carry on we're gonna witness really
pulling the eyeballs off of this thing
I hear it and it's off
alright guys easily see what you just
did good wave looks like you're working
real hard baby pretty work not nap it
was our first day back from playlist we
kind of took a very lazy day today we
caught up with everyone that we caught
up on some much-needed sleep now I'm
going to I'm gonna do insanity and it is
like 11 o'clock at night and I should
not be doing this now because I don't
want to miss any more days yeah sorry
let's do it let's do it good pump
fight fight fight don't push me I'll go
I'll get it that's the fourth tour she's
destroyed today alright that it's dead
we can we can play now
can somebody help me let's see if she
gets it Brown dare mine so get it get it
big it water okay
big Oh victory
oh it's stuck oh my come here okay you
got it off alright here you go
I think this is why you don't like these
things
there's a hockey oh yeah good so much oh
you know what the best thing to do is
the Haribo gummi bears have two favorite
candies and we're Piccini watson and
jelly bellys but the worst thing is like
when you take a handful of jelly bellys
and you pop them in your mouth and then
you bite into the black licorice it's
game over there's game over go eat rice
good all right guys I need to get some
sleep tomorrow actually I have a
consultation with the surgeons we're
talking about cuz I'm going on tour
going back on tour and like three or
four days and then we have a couple days
off and then we're back over to Europe
so our first call a consultation since
this stuff so they're gonna explain
everything and hopefully it's all good
news that's what I'm hoping is what I
think it is and that's what I'm assuming
it is because I'm assuming if it was bad
news I would already know I would hope
they would have told me speaking of good
news I just want to say thank you guys
for nominating and making it possible I
want a shorty award I won my second
shorty award and I just want to say
thank you guys that is unbelievable this
is because that's it was all you guys it
was totally all you guys yeah I'll show
it to you I put up on my screen so you
can see it see here see if we can get it
to work but yeah congratulations I was
all doing a funky thing congratulations
Charles Trippy winning a shorty award
and travel that's pretty freaking cool
ally won last year I won the year before
that and then you guys allowed us to win
this year so this is this is a victory
for not just me for the CTFxC or their
every single year that is awesome I
think that is unbelievably awesome and
thank you guys that means it means a lot
so keeping with that theme this
phrase for today is CTFxC for the win
will you write in the comments if you're
listening to me right now and if you
didn't listen to me you don't know that
your party is read in the comments but
it's cheating totally cheating I'll see
you guys tomorrow
good night get some sleep if it's in the
middle of the day enjoy your day
worse yet sexy
without trippin
to be an ally
