good morning Internet we are about to do
a live show with playlist live and
Google through a Google Plus hangout so
we're gonna do right now yeah Google
Plus yeah if you guys don't have a
Google Plus ally and eyes Duggal but
stuff is down there I'm doing it with
the creators right now just me and
that's them we're waiting then we're
going to be like looking at all of
playlist live just in case we confused
hi guys we just did a panel with these
guys is a is just in the Sun Tanning
what is he doing here he's drying out he
knows we can you know we have towels
I got a moose or I've already got a
moose from Nicole
well I doesn't think it's a moose Oh
the coal is branded all right hit it
wait wait wait wait it's when I it's
reacting to my sensor in my you're
controlling another car what watch
he was doing it last night too so you're
literally messing with that car right
now at least a little little car hacker
over there do one more time do one more
time yes I saw this on the iPhone
channel this is our guy that's not our
guy I build the story on the iPod iPhone
app a teaser video when I was in New
York we were visiting family my mom has
like a grand prix like an older one and
I went to go answers like yeah it's in
my car you just go get it so I went I
unlocked it with your little gooey thing
and you know the battery's dead so I
unlocked it with like the actual key I
got in the car and I sat down I was
gonna drive the car and I realized like
wait this this is not my mom's car I
wasn't on the car in New York legit is
such a bad idea self-service refilled
coffee you got it - right unlimited
coffee
what this looks like it's not motion
coupe tricep dips tricep dips oh yeah
work it out we're working on the
elevator
well we relieved to go meet Olga and
then a bunch of people saw Alison on
Lana's farm because we are going we have
like less than an hour to go and find an
outfit with a sassy Russian lady sir
don't miss me yes yeah yes he's gonna
get some nice little uh fluffy frilly
glacis sexy stuff to go with his he'll
easy nothing really I know what has been
tragic what are you from yeah he comes
it's a long story but his name is hash
to be joined she meant where did it come
from him his name is what never the
children named him I don't know what him
what is it me Steve and of you I just
figured out what she's saying wasn't it
- ooh be joy mom and yeah of hudes by
you mom which group oh I hope that was a
nice first interaction or like any kind
of contact that I ever had with Olga was
when we were doing our that's what she
said app with all the different
languages and she sent Charles a clip of
how to say that's what she said in
Russian and I was like she's so cute and
I'm gonna kill us we gotta go I just
brought us to be wrong
that's me that's headless me in the
future my business uncomfortable first I
didn't get any I don't know where's your
hot pink here we got some glue oh I
almost forgot
this is not even on my wrist got a
safety first guys safe safety first
there we go yeah it's kind of gloomy out
today on the roof there's a freaking
phone so we got pissed up and just like
threw it out doing an impromptu wind up
with this kind of cool everybody stopped
in there so anything look at how fun is
where than there outside the West that's
how this happened what was back there
Zimmerman even walking in between us I
guess it's a nice clean back shop for
some plain wall we literally made it
just in time to see terabrite play all
right we're here supporting terabrite
you can do this do it do it
support
hello I'm sure right now and we're
showing that's crazy all right
I might even explain what's going on
right now
subtitle that's exactly exactly
this is Cory yeah okay so my piggybacks
but then keep pushing it back go go go
just Joshin and get the two-threes
another placards
if you like but it's just like my show
to them too
this is the third
wait I forgot what it was just getting a
fucking someone put their hands right on
top there with the camera it's gonna
have two threes we're gonna jump on my
hand into the deck find the card grab
the Argent back to the hands maybe
really thoughts on blank are you going
to miss her oh my god working right here
in spades
King of Diamonds King of Hearts and the
king of clubs one there with three here
now there's a technique called palming
where he actually uh hide the cards like
this what we're gonna do actually is
called the invisible pump which actually
it takes that cramp allows you to
flatten your hand show your hand empty
and invisibly place a card down Wow
we'll try that again with the third with
a third King so we're gonna bring it
right here
and slowly leave the other three right
here now we're gonna have you do this
okay
watch closely guy honey huh make the
palming motion lift up right there right
yeah go ahead and place it down be sure
to check your wallets to make sure all
your money loss of life is the easy one
to remember Chuck yes yeah yes
is he gonna melt the wrapping if they're
clapping its applause when I'm yapping
but they just left on me back before
they were just napping
they call it amazing maybe not really
even my name is street light they wanna
understand but get to the Leena and it's
on 421 that do you see the lights going
it freaks me out it freaks me out
all right keeping up with my
non-alcoholic drinks I'm getting some
fancy stuff some non-alcoholic white
grape juice
but it's sparkling this is good
I wouldn't be detoxed and for the next
couple months
this is beyond scenes drag vs. prank
alright so I'm sure she will laugh at
this look this is what I'm thinking
as soon as she like notices this is the
same action I didn't know the one where
Gina in the bed headline here and she's
in that's good that's good is that
behind the scenes
yeah by the scene slash guilt trip USA
it's about to go down on shoot so may or
may not end well oh my god time to go to
bed is for almost 4:30 in the morning I
have to edit you guys right now if you
if you're not watching this that means
you're not edited but if you're watching
us that means you're edit in your online
it does everything what it's been a long
day you're not here I hope these are
kind of giving you guys a little idea
what the craziness comes on these
YouTube gatherings and stuff like that
I've been trying to post a bunch of
iPhone videos on the YouTube icon slash
trippy channel just to kind of give you
guys a little heads up throughout the
day and tweet a bunch of photos so I'll
keep doing that on my Twitter and all
that but I'm going to go to bed it's
been an amazing day I hope you guys had
fun and I can't tell you what happened
to the prank you're just gonna have to
wait until they upload it it's a super
duper secret and I can't I can't to
holds that information guys I really
want to know yeah you're like I've
learned a beating I told you legit my
head gets cold that's why I wear it all
the time the secret phrase we haven't
had a secret phrase it's a secret phrase
that you have to type in the comments is
Shaniqua doodles tomorrow's gonna be
another crazy day hope you guys had fun
I'll see you later
yes
with child tripping
finnaly don't forget
