okay where's the snooze button juice you
like the best alarm clock ever wait what
is it's a friend snake you saying here
the baby snake bring that he's really
cute
see I'm not freaked out by these guys I
think it's cuz it doesn't hear it I want
to bother where do you go yes under the
house
alright well typical fashion i din pack
yesterday so I have to pack now yep
just keepin an eye on me Oh
do you know something's up is that
what's going on how about you is that
why are you ignoring me look at me Zoe
look at me he was good so bummed when I
leave so it goes into Zoe depression
felt jealous Miley is ready just
watching what hang out with learning
Dennis maybe they'll put on a Jeff
Goldblum movie you like the fly okay so
after an hour trying to figure it out
because I've replaced this I got a
replacement camera ok guys how many
hours this play nice
are you singing back there
the first clip on the new camera does
look better than sound any better I
dropped it on my lap then go anywhere
else so hi hyeju the people that were
next to us there were two to Google are
there in front of us now he's gonna hit
them that'd be pretty funny nice to meet
you let's check out the view
wait do they do I want three days in a
row can't we do a sprinter references
for next week I know this is not where I
want to drop you guys it's gorgeous this
is a swampland of Florida right there
guys it's the swampland now that we're
traveling with Ali again we can actually
do the traditions I told him I refused
to do and when I when you weren't there
all right ready wait all right go for it
we're all right go go I'm just kidding I
go fast boat and then we go to slow mo
is it fast no it was a normal wall what
is it go go go go that looks painful
yeah
so I literally was taking on top of
frost show them how you're doing it yes
you are so cute no do it no she's like
defending her straw into the makeup and
just sliding it around their face at the
pump room yeah dude that's like a ten
second draw is it we were just trying to
decide if we could make one two three oh
you four five six seven eight nine
that's like eight or nine are you Missy
you don't even go out to the water you
lent it oh I did be fun two three four
hey done yet you want to do my hair and
makeup I don't have any that makes my
eyes water so this is what you girls do
all the time
why do we do all Seamus put some makeup
on Schaefer come here
wait did you just change your hair again
yeah strange are you are you trying to
mock me huh you just gonna put your
luscious hair in front of my face oh my
god I know baby I have an idea what hey
guys how's it go in it feels like Johnny
Depp guys does it look as ridiculous as
it feels so you know I just got yours
really soft so hey no I'm just here you
know just play this low I think I just
you know I don't know what to say guys I
just pushing cast them in would be so
there's your prank
there's your face and we just like yep
my butt's broken we've been playing with
this new camera for a while how's it
look so look good guys any dead pixels
just Andy here's black your black screen
black screen black screen any dead
pixels any good god so much Disney
welcome to Orlando do you think they
smell like fanny packs here and then the
sink but since I switched through the
the new medication I'm not allowed to
drink so I decided to get non-alcoholic
wine and I'm gonna get O'Doul's I've
never had outdoors and I'm sure it's
gonna feel like poop but it's gonna be
they put a grease of O'Doul's guys do I
get a 12 this is how you party on a
budget the moment of truth tastes like
beer oh yeah
jump jump dude if you jump literally
mesmerized how they just showed you this
hook grapples little apples but they
smell the grapes and taste like grape
my mind is exploding right now and
they're still right those fruits shall
not mix it's like a Jack Russell Terrier
and a like a Great Dane weird it's not
internet smell-o-vision you know it's
kind of funny
there's no alcohol this so it's like all
the negative things a beer so it's just
like makes you be really full really
really fast like a half a beer I'm just
like oh and there's no benefit this is
when you're wearing it is the Black Swan
you're right Justin
that's how the camera
without all the campers are down oh
there's one over there
guys
what a night okay so everyone's still
down right there I wanted to edit the
vlog and kind of just smudge on there
this smudge on
yeah I wanted to come back and edit the
vlog so you guys had it on time for
today as you're watching it but I just
wanted to remind you guys we're gonna be
doing a live show tomorrow everyone was
good at the pool anyway no I was gonna
go to the pool but I want to finish
editing you guys what was I talking
about
oh yeah we're doing a live show guys
we're gonna do a live show from playlist
today what's the date
what's the day the 24th at 8 p.m. so
I'll put the link down there hopefully
guys we've decided to switch it up frogs
head of Sunday we're doing on Saturday
and then we're gonna go back to Sunday
but Sunday's Saturday I believe a p.m.
or whatever it says down there in the
video description come to the show and
hopefully I'll get a bunch of people
homes we can do a cool little live show
and stuff like that but how that'll be
fun maybe I could start editing right
now so I'm gonna start editing UI right
now and then probably go to the pool so
I will see you guys tomorrow
it's gonna be really crazy it's gonna be
a second day at playlist today it was
kind of like a low-key day it's good to
see everybody and so I put so popped
everyone is just oh well I love my
friends you know I mean so I will see
you guys later
maybe I'm smiling all right good night
guys and have have a great day
wait
worse yet
with child tripping
with Gianelli don't forget
