hello guys hello you guys want to see a
least favorite invention go for it just
goes away I changed our wipers and I
have a necks on Ally's favorite
invention ever
I'm just mesmerized by the sky right now
Wow look at those two jerk clouds they
come dump rain all on our faces wait a
minute what's this 4G nonsense
so I really have 4G okay that's where we
had our first date right there chairs
are gone right there that's right so
that's why it stood you up for the first
time do right you did Santa me up and
now you're admitting it on camera so
that's forever in the record I do
he said I said okay and she never texts
more I have no text records of that and
I have all the text messages Internet I
didn't stand her up Ali's trying to make
me look bad I did not stand you up I
will fight you for this for two hours
and lordos I don't read I did not do it
I did not stand her up
I will fight all of you if you get take
her side are you team Charles of T
Valley team drugs are to Ally choose
your team wisely you got your bling on
there thanks a lot yesterday go away
look at Alli hiding no no if it's going
no it's right there you're gonna Hornet
or a wasp huh check in the Bo box oh by
the way we went and got Zoe my life cuz
they were born save the grow win the hey
mmm
I'm doing the same thing I dated two
days okay it is it's three o'clock now
and that's all the coffee I drink can
you guys tell you should be like a
time-lapse of how crazy I'm gonna get
okay
my tolerance for cut like coffee is just
gone it's so funny and alcohol when I
had that one beer remember that was a
Mike's Hard Lemonade I was just like
frickin raising the roof just it's
awesome
my topic but cheap date which is
sniffing Tim you know well okay
it's a judging that's not a bell
that's a bell thank you still in the
process merch process of counting
everything oh look at that we have to
ship all just stuff
how are we gonna do this oh hey we got a
dragon your mouth doughnuts or guys how
we gonna do this
I'm a friendly dragon okay just try but
all these toys everywhere
cuz Angry Birds literally everywhere
Angry Birds everywhere have no idea what
you want do you you're kind of a pig you
picked a big nose you only made sense
that argues attention all those larvae
it's going so bad it feels freaking
awesome no I just realized I'm like a
real-life chia pet
it feels like it's just like magical
it's this is like - this is like what I
aim at I've never been I've never pet a
chinchilla before but I imagine that
this is what I would feel a chinchilla
softest animal they're so cute furry you
guys want to know one of my favorite
things in the world that has to do like
with food it's like the fresh the fresh
peanut butter the first scoop of peanut
butter weird right is that weird is that
strange I don't know what it is I just
like the first scoop of peanut butter a
brand new thing of peanut butter my
favorite thing anyone else it's so funny
that it actually started raining now I
can show you exactly Oh what do you
slo-mo
you
I'm sorry to contine yeah this is good
music for this I got good news like very
happy music alright so I just got off
the phone with one of the surgeons guys
with one of the surgeons that cut open
my head and saw my brain I am so
relieved right now I'm so happy so the
last time we talked about this we found
out the tumor was benign it was not
malignant for what people I don't I feel
like the word benign went up in Google
searches that day the tumor is not a
novel it's benign that means it's not
cancerous it doesn't show but what is
exactly what it means it's kind of like
malignancy means it grows back I'm dr.
Ali dr. Ali but 9 means good okay what
is it right you're supposed to go in
Friday but we have a panel that we're
going to be talking on at playlist live
like 5 p.m. on Friday so we can go but
he wanted to tell me exactly what it is
what they call it it's a oligo dendro
glioma that's the type of tumor in it
yeah don't go no it's it's such a scary
thing to Google do not Google it do not
Google it okay it's like freaking the
world will collapse
yeah hey will you will explode your
computer your computers will explode if
you google it bottom line is it's called
it oligodendroglioma okay there's two
types so just on the phone he'll explain
everything next week and I'll try to
explain it to you guys chromosomal
chromosome
deletion right that's the that's one and
that one's very very rarely it grows
back okay I'm not sure exactly what it
does and then there's one that does the
opposite right and that one grows back
and I struck the freaking lottery and I
had the chromosome deletion one
crucified oath Alicia I'm sorry
I'm so freakin I'm like so excited okay
so basically he said that's the one I
have the good one to have all of them
that is the one I want because you ever
decide to pick up a hitchhiker in your
brain a brain slug that's the one you
want that's what it is guys it doesn't
mean it can't you know it's never gonna
ever grow back there's obviously that's
a possibility he's not a psychic but
that's the one that very very rarely
grows back and that's when I had and
that's where I'm at
he said the pack my bags and get back to
life and we can just move on I
absolutely will just can't give a couple
of months to make sure they're like
three or four months
it's the third form I thought I could an
MRI and to make sure it some of our
brain slugs in my head but oh you guys
have no idea the relief that it's just
off my shoulders right now tremendous
and I don't want to ramble too much but
I wanted to tell you guys that because
you guys were with us the entire road of
this whole weird three weeks that has
happened and you have been diagnosed
with Heather he would and then sure he
did for a brain to be really fun I had a
seizure
a week later open my brain taken out two
days later went home went home and back
to normal like I was back to normal like
within hours wasn't I like I was like
functioning within hours I think I help
Ally edit the day of the surgery thumb
down I did the thumbnail the day of the
surgery i photoshopped that doctors
nurses are modern medicine is
unbelievable past three weeks I've been
saying Ali and I are tremendously
relieved and I talked a whole lot in
this right now and I just want to tell
you thank you guys for supporting us
through this entire process showing the
love all the letters the emails the
comments that we've been reading from
you guys it's been incredible the
support and love you guys have been
giving we just felt that we had to be
completely open because for what we were
going through there are people
unfortunately going through way T worse
and we just kind of wanted to show you
know with the support of family and
friends
you know and just you know he was a
Internet you guys anyone can get through
anything I hope that's the main thing
that we learned from this you already
made like that you know
this is stay strong and you can you can
pull through doesn't matter what it is
whether its brain like brainslug or
bullying or anything like that you know
just stay strong and I think that's
that's the overall message that I want
to convey doing all these vlog so
alright I want to go
taco bus taco bus it's been like a
freaking year here
oh it's Rachel's birthday oh I get
ripped every one wish that Rachel happy
birthday alright getting a freaking taco
literally at taco bus wanna go to school
and that that is look at this that is my
hand that is the oh my god it weighs
like it's a small child I mean you're
gonna eat a small child in there the
award for the coolest door that would be
really cool if I actually work though
sorry Rachel have this in their house
from the way look at his face
that's what you say another late night
gotta go to bed because we have to wake
up early we're gonna play this live I'm
pretty pumped look at you were about to
like bite the camera yes so tomorrow is
playlist live we're looking forward to
it I can't believe it's already been a
year what you still have those this is a
test it is only a test
if you didn't know like when we travel a
lot of to these YouTube events we did
last year I like to upload a lot of
videos to our iPhone channel youtube.com
slash trippy throughout the day so those
people can't come to playlist live I can
kind of do that throughout the day so if
you want a bunch of like
behind-the-scenes a playlist its
youtube.com slash trippy and you'll see
at the end of this video it'll take you
there and all that fun stuff but yeah
what are you doing up there huh that's
my spot that's your spot not cool good
night alright I guess I'll share it's a
good day today Zoey huh
it's a good day if you missed the mail
vlog from yesterday you can click that
on the top left somebody made a custom
CTFxC base like straight up bass guitar
I would go check that out it's pretty
amazing the right hand side you guys
asked for all the full versions of the
doggy vision of Zoey Marley and Tyson
from the beach that's on the right hand
side and click on any of these videos in
the bottom left is actually the video of
a little dog in a yellow raincoat from
the other day actually was yesterday
bonus videos have a great night guys and
I will see you at playlist live or on
the Internet alright bye guys
with trippy
with trippy an early
