all right again it's just gonna be one
of these days so I woke up in my phone
can i connect to the internet it's
obviously got Wi-Fi try to send a text
message or a call or FaceTime nothing
works
I will show you how to count on how many
times my phone is screwed up oh by the
way Coby doesn't hear you barely can do
that Marley's trying to do it you see I
got a ghetto carpet
Marley can't stop she just runs into
things guys are so lazy well there's
nothing much going on there we've got
our waffle iron all of our junk that
well that's not a part of the
ingredients but that's important
all right moment of truth let's try this
erase everything go don't give up I'm
giving it the middle finger guys that's
what I'm doing right now wait are you
kidding me now I'm an angry panda oh
dear iPhone I officially hate you a
little bit I really don't I'm really
good I really angry right now unless you
do this to me
I defend you all the time in the
comments right now people are already
saying that you suck this discipline
disappointed that's the worst thing with
your dad that like when your family or
your parents they're not angry they're
just disappointed
so that's worse you just rather be
pissed off way worse Andrew says that he
thinks that titanium plate in my head is
messing with my phone it's no longer a
zombie come back come back come back
time to kick into action everyone
everyone's out everyone's on hot on its
trail investigating time Kobe's like I
don't care about the sting of my mouth
way to go just like a little bolted I
think it's up on the roof now look
there's a little lizard oh yeah Aloha
I can't even talk right now earlier
today I was trying to film a hawk there
was just a hawk that was circling our
house he leans
he landed on our roof and it literally
as soon as I walked inside to grab the
camera Melissa said he flew away ah
Marley refuses when it's raining it's
raining now
oh but by the way guys oh my phone still
not working
I fixed Melissa's oh yeah Marley wool
she'll back up every time it's raining
and guys now a little dog a yellow
raincoat now she's happy most ridiculous
thing ever
Zoey we gotta get you one you'd be even
funnier with you didn't make it that
size oh I forgot to tell you guys today
we're actually gonna be doing a mail
vlog I went to the office Charlie
couldn't clean up a little thing oh hi
that's my wife just my wife back there
yeah I went to the office
and I was I was gonna try to clean up as
you can tell I didn't do it very well
but I noticed all these all these boxes
here so we're gonna do a mail vlog at
the end of this video on top of the mail
vlog yesterday I saw in the comments a
lot of you guys were asking me to do the
unedited version of Zoey wearing Tyson
do the dog vlog so that's on the tripi
channel and the mail vlog will be after
this so could have a bunch of videos
because I've been stuck doing stupid
geeky stuff I know I made up with it I'm
making it up lots of fun stuff this
could be like an interactive vlog thing
I don't even care mr. phone you're a
screw-up again I know it oh my god this
is weird I thought how he was kind of
pranking me so I just restored my phone
and this email came up okay look at this
you know where you do Apple ID this came
up automatically this is actually real
weird
Steve
leave a trim jobs I'm not I'm not even
kidding guys this popped up when I did
this
can you hack an iPhone yeah right your
muffs just weirding me out
look at this gloom and doom more we have
so many errands it is pretty absolutely
we spent nearly all day trying to fix
the phones and then assume spend all day
trying to figure is broken pipe Nikon is
mine I think I was by Steve a trim Jobs
calm I honestly is that possible can you
be your iPhone get hacked in the last
live show a girl named Lauren actually
won a prize but we were actually prizes
we were given away she won a web camera
so we gotta send it to Lauren every time
I have a package I was wanna hear about
what's this it's a second Ace Ventura
reference I had check the Pew book sweet
good thing we're doing a mail blog video
who to do to do I forgot Laurens dress
now I can't send to you but I got Ali's
phone now I can't send a few down
Fraggle
if you've ever wondered how nerdy my wot
nerdy wife right here nerdy with dirty
wife is nerdy this is on her phone
gizumon know the song
nerdy wife is nerd improved more
nerdness what else is on that finger
that look like really good again
is it a party I've Apple euro for two
for exam today over to with me and I
wanted to see if it was really good yeah
you want one of those actually I want to
get one of those that screwed me over
today looks a lot better
that's actually really creepy just walk
around like that
I guess not to make that noise if I'm
actually doing it but would you say
you're going to get Kentucky Derby yeah
floppy hats are weird okay girls it's
bathing suit shopping time show me what
you got so far I got these cute adorable
like okay so I'm trying on the
ridiculous one
like a fart it does kind of sound like
you're fretting as promised wow that's
that's a lot we are going to do a mail
vlog today so at the end of this video
we'll have a little link and you guys
can check it out but this is long
overdue we should have done in a long
time sniffing sniff everything this is
Zoey my least favorite time oh my god
there's got to be something in there for
me if you want to see what we get
make sure to check out the Vale vlog
it'll be on the CTFxC channel it'll be
at the end of this video or probably in
the video responses or description you
guys will find it you'll see it but yeah
we're gonna start opening now so I see
it a little bit so what you got there
you guys and get some toys over there
did you build that already yeah I
reminded them that their combined ages
is 50 Gracie you had that one I
technically am breaking the rules by
showing you a little bit of the male log
in the vlog here but I have to show you
guys this you'll see it you'll see more
of it but this is a little glimpse okay
this is one of the things we got you'll
see in the middle look at this it's like
I'm gonna do it really fast ready that's
all you get you have to go see it real
teaser
oh wait we're Zoey I got a show Zoey you
don't want a party what are you doing on
our bed get your dog bed right there you
supposed to be right there jerk I feel
like this is like the worst thing to be
doing but this is so cool
well guys and it's time to go to bed it
is this is the latest I have been up
forever it's like four
I am right now it is time to go to bed I
just finished that in the male blog
which at the end of this you'll be able
to click it nice little robe there yeah
that your that your little ro alright
guys well have a go to bed just one
night well I'm gonna go mmm okay oh did
I wake you up I'm sorry
enjoy the mail vlog and yeah hopefully
I'll see you guys we gotta start packing
we gotta go to playlist live this
weekend so that's gonna be fun we're
gonna see everybody pretty stoked have a
good night I just click right here and
it'll take you right to the mail vlog
it's uploaded here on the CTFxC channel
so you you know it's pretty easy to find
but if you're lazy like me you can click
right there or in the video description
so enjoy we've got some pretty amazing
things a lot of amazing letters and yeah
all-around awesome stuff you guys are
great I will see you tomorrow good night
enjoy the video
wait
where's the esse
with trippy
we're TV
with charity
don't forget
