hello everyone and welcome to today's
edition of the mail log cue intro manful
welcome to the mailbox this isn't really
the actual boat it is the mailbag you
know that's our intro
so excited I scared Marley I'm sorry
Marley anyway guys we got a bunch of
mail welcome to the valve we should have
done this a long time ago but now we
finally have some extra time and it's
good to it so this is from Sharon from
Canada
check this out what is it oh my god give
that off the phone I love that I'm going
to you that's awesome she went to Taiwan
and got us hate you oh this is from the
Mighty Thor long ago a friend of mine
actually
she's like Ruth or okay oh oh oh my god
this is my brain hi oh man
turn around turn into the brain that's
hilarious
I know he is from Devon oh that's nice
we actually don't have anything printed
out that's really really now we do all
of the girls they sent Angry Birds oh
this is from slike Wow oh she wrote a
hundred reasons why we love Ally
Josephine eater and Amman alright I'm
Meg that's a really good reason guys
your dogs are cute that was yours yeah
Starbucks and speaking of Starbucks
she sent me it's the more the more
Starbucks so thank you that's very very
very nice of you and thank you for the
get well I really appreciate that
OHE babies okay I this is a really
really cool package look at this claim I
think it's mines I hope I'm saying it
right and she actually sent like a
business cover letter it was a school
assignment but she wrote us a letter for
her school assignment which i think is
so cool i did i did one of those two dan
marino did you really wait ally another
ally I think she's asleep
are you are you bored there Marley
who's that from Tyra I literally pull
this out open it up and Zoe there go
Marley hey Zoe take it and run take it
it run runs okay she's a rat terrier oh
she's gonna eat it
it's gonna do it those are our letters
you can't move no this is from Christina
be from Jersey this is cool that is
awesome
look at all these cool little magnets
you made and this isn't this event IRA
from Tyra you wrap your earbuds around
it
oh she also did these Tory I actually
remember meeting her when I think was
Texas that's been actually do a face
time Ally I remember Tommy yeah she said
a bunch of awesome like individual this
is for the band for Duncan for Yoshi her
individual rocks that she picked out for
each one of us one rock right here which
is kind of cool I can't let anyone touch
this and it's supposed to like it's a I
think I think she said it was Indian
tradition or something like that where
it cleanses the body from evil spirits
nice otherwise I think you get the point
the better the warranties boy
that possibly was it
that's from look this is the same exact
one from where the Seattle that is
amazing
thank you guys that's so cool we know
what you're really doing all frickin
night now can you do it dad I think
you're putting more late asleep this is
from Hank hey get better soon but I
don't know if they made it or not oh my
golly dude that's awesome
I'm gonna play dough I'm gonna put it on
the headband for you you can put bobby
pins all what I don't like guys actually
get there I could actually put it on the
only thing we need to do is go get more
brains like something to cover your head
frame this for Mike this is from Cindy
another I have to think that so this is
for Mary Ann and she knows my favorite
candy in the world is like like gummy
bears
she ones oh my god okay that's pretty
damn good
yeah really it's right that's really
good me they taste awful and you should
never eat these yeah don't save them all
for us we want all of them good all
right this is for Mandy recipes yep yep
yeah
Roberto on Futurama you're all Futurama
right now you know that things yeah this
is from Molly she's only 12 years old
too and she did this I thought it was
really cool wanted to show you guys hey
and did you know there's a toy on your
head cuz I really want it
all right just wanted to show you guys
this is really cool this handmade by
Becky internet killed TV and then her
friends made these
oh that years oh you got one too all
right you know how do you know I
I literally just put this in open it
open it one time and she's praying over
here cuz she knew there was a toy what
oh my god it is there you go
that is awesome Oh rip that out my hand
yeah it's gone so that was from Joey
Eric and Zachary get out was from Brooke
it's a total pearl did she make it yeah
that's like a freaking that's a cover
letter resume jelica that's her and
Phoebe her dog look how amazing this
that's her handwriting
that's right amazing dude did you open
these up earlier how did you know that
there was a box full of two-faced in
there how did you know that this is from
Cyrus m and it's me destroying a
brainslug we got out of turtle you want
a monkey look at the monkey oh okay what
a dragon you what the dragon okay get
the pork chop what are you doing man
stop poking me are those I lit up you
guys saw it I was talking about
raincoats I was talking about raincoats
in the vlog and she made them super
Marco to my code for the sexy the sizes
of her like we can't even buy things
that fit our own dog or no she made
these 400 augs and they totally fit
thank you so much Angelica here comes a
little one please say that's a my shirt
size in that yours that would be cool
plenty of matching tattoos this is from
Kim I got a new bouncy ball paddle ball
I got some Legos keep up brain active
guys this is gonna blow Zoey's brains
look at this laser fingers what that's
Frank's locket guys from Danny that's
true I did pretty much all this
you ain't filled up on TV wow that was
like oh wait I heard my favorite toy
he's gonna have it yeah and she's gone
probably gonna say this wrong click
camera I'll spell it it's uh s o H I
from Finland ah anyway I got some
finished socks which is cool because I
believe the second leg of the way the
Kings tour is in I think it's Finland I
think we're going to be hidden Finland
this is from a listen Ryan from
Wisconsin they wanted to make sure my
head was warm so I got multiple versions
those are so much handy when you're on
tour yeah she's already going for the
eyes that's gotta be some sort of
animalistic behavior are we thought I
want the red one what the red one from
Jessica only the same card CTFxC Rees
think alike the lovely people over at a
website called YouTube
they sent a little care package
I didn't say Zoe on it I got a hat they
gave me a hat to cover my head they have
a beanie to cover my head I'm feeling
that I got a player t-shirt so sweet
some of you tube socks
some of you tube socks
all right reaching the home stretch oh
my gosh I just saw it I just saw it I
just saw who is that from is he to set
it off fix your act wow that's a classic
oh who is that that is that's a classic
this is from Amanda see
she made Ally a duct tape wait that's
that duct tape what is that
Wow she made that though the clutch and
I'm probably gonna use it a playlist and
then she got Zoey Marley a dinosaur and
then she drew me another that is really
cool look at Marley nice this is from
Ali the girl who mailed us the ball and
who knew that was possible
it's a giant foot for you this is from
Jay JK you made this Jedi Zoe and
Emperor Palpatine Molly the dockside I
feel like dad what are you gonna do one
of those fart thingies yeah I was trying
but I mess it up she goes to your bucket
eat some Mexican food and ice what now a
legit what that was mine the problem is
there's no name there's no mainland and
that's that's it hold on it's from
Zachary Lee thank you now Ali and I have
excuses to battle each other to the
death like she's already taking photos
of it so thank you Sakura that's amazing
now we can a a jet battle from Andrew
that's Andrew from Andrew oh yeah
peanuts I need to cut someone I know
yeah
see dude that's awesome
starting on the lifesaver and then maybe
my hand to start as sure as it like
comes you were the red ship but yeah I
was like andrew has been watching for
over two and a half years oh nice this
is from secret mayonnaise man and he
drew this on the card but Ali has
something that he actually made in her
hands and I want to show it to guys so
he made this right
he made a base and then the neck is
right here right and we have to put it
together I know it's amazing
handmade base a custom handmade base
that is probably the coolest thing I've
ever seen
that's really really cool man custom
base so can you clean all this up not I
have this sure well that is the mail
vlog I just wanted to say honestly the
letters that you guys sent a lot of were
sent once we found out in Idaho what was
going on and I just wanted to say it was
the most heartwarming mail vlog I've
ever experienced the letters were just
tremendously supportive and I just want
to say thank you guys for being so
amazing and thank you for you guys
definitely never have to send anything
like you guys have been sending letters
are just as amazing just hearing from
you guys yeah I just want to say thank
you from the bottom of my heart from the
bottom of that I start and Zoey Marley
you guys are the most amazingly
supportive people and I am blessed to be
able to do this to share our life with
you guys so I just again don't mean to
get mushy but I just did if you haven't
seen the vlog for today go check it out
I'll be at the end of this video and
we'll do another mail vlog when we can
see guys over there on the vlog so All
Right see you guys over the LA
