Chevy move enough flashbacks when I was
in elementary school and we did this
thing with giant dodge balls where we
move them around what was the Sun and we
talked about the seasonal changes then
pretty sure the name for today is the
vernal equinox but I'm not 100% sure I I
really that name just popped into my
head as soon as I heard first day of
spring so if you know tweet me here put
it in the comment my hair is making so
much progress I noticed that I wasn't
using enough shampoo and then I looked
at the trending topics on Twitter and
bald is beautiful
just it's just one of those cool like
coinciding things but yeah I've noticed
that today my hair is actually longer it
feels longer because I know I'm
seriously stop laughing look at at least
look what are you stuff in your face
Marley likes that but no I noticed I was
like they're using the same amount of
shampoo is that was the like for the
past like week and a half I wasn't using
enough so high five guys my hair's
growing back hey I'm gonna put a GoPro
on your head is that cool you're big
enough there's a lot of you guys really
enjoyed the new GoPro cuz it sounds
better and it looks freaking amazing I
want to kind of do a doggy vision again
but I gotta find all the and I have I
gotta get my stuff together there's this
so much stuff here I gotta get I gotta
get organized again where is it is it in
here and there nope
simple plan so I don't think I'm gonna
be able to make it out to the first leg
of the European tour just because it's
actually gonna be over in like eight
days it might be smarter just to not
rush you know just eight days not to
rush it I'll be out there for the second
leg you know like UK and all that other
stuff and Australia and all that other
stuff that's all on the we the kings
tour page but I'll definitely be out
there for that stuff but I just want to
let you guys know but if you guys guys
have tickets or don't have them yet go
get tickets go to the we've the King
shows still and give them so much
support I will be out there I will be
out there for
or and all that other stuff I just I
just feel like rushing out there it
might not be the smartest most smartest
thing you know what I mean
I feel great I feel amazing but I just
sorry I was like kind of think I can't
remember where I put it
the dog you know the chest harness I
just I don't wanna I don't want to rush
things I haven't had any coffee today
but I should get so wait how did you get
up there dog log all right I'm mocking
you Zoey
like dude window I can't really pan over
because if the parents are looking at me
right now but there's two little kids
maybe maybe five thirty five or six
they're on leashes kids are on leashes
thanks to yours rolled in there heard
mmm this on every mirror always rides me
a basement you're about to take this
forever
death stare all right Tyson vision we're
recording can you guys tell I love that
camera I love that camera he's a pretty
good vlogger he's trying to show you
guys some cool stuff
see you guys these are the days these
are why you should blog every single day
just because you remember silly one
silly days like this alright Tyson the
day the day Tyson took my job
hey you're vlogging all the dead fish
she's she's logging the dead fish I
don't even see that I just saw that
that's a huge fish so that was that
angle Tyson you're gonna leave Wilson go
get him
shark shark every step you take he takes
one
he's gonna knock that rate before she
gets it
Wilson for those who were wondering what
they think they were doing being insane
I think Marley's putting on a show she's
trying to vlog she's trying out vlog all
the other dogs
wait dare I say we literally have a dog
vlog dogs literally vlogging that's it
that's a first right you got Wilson do
you save them monkey in the middle
that's it ah dude quit chasing through
all these fish are jumping she keeps
chasing them come on again again no no
no look just count it okay no no there's
a cat No
it's wait for it yet I win
ha beaten by dog I win
dick got Victoria's again I'm just
staring with that ball got it
I'm three for three
crikey what did you find here that that
was a really bit no crab right please
it's a shark
jerk she's just chilling
yeah I'm just chillin blowing bubbles no
big deal
blowing some bubbles recently I've been
on this weird craving I think they must
have done something to my brain when
they were in there but I've been craving
I completely forgot how amazing a
chocolate note was it's been right after
surgery and I've been craving it it has
literally been right after surgery I'm
just like I want chocolate milk how many
of you right now are going to make
chocolate milk I know now that I'm an
adult I can do as much chocolate as I
want and I'll be regulating those be you
mom what's the chocolate book you'll
fart more you already fart a lot wait
what are you making oh I was just
confused cuz there was a pineapple and
apple or pear what the apple doesn't eat
anything but lives in a pineapple under
the sea
mommy pee pants this is where you guys
this is if I forgot my hat this is the
first time is the first time I would be
going in public well I hadn't I feel
like my scars like tutus like scary I
don't do scary it's not to wear but am i
frightening with my scar I'm not really
a good vigorous or anything it's just
like yeah yeah no no no it's just weird
do I look presentable guys it's just
that stupid skin thing that's going on
right now making all the lights turn on
make an oval I'll turn on no I'm gonna
be
it's totally fine
you're a jerk so I'm not sure if this is
accurate or not but I'm pretty sure the
Charles and I are the only couple who
has to call each other in the grocery
store because he did lost but he decides
to look at something and I walk away I
don't realize he's not with me and I'm
just like in the zone standing down
there somewhere cold and holding a bunch
of crap I'm sure
I can't run I got all this car almost
ran you over okay what would you like
some hair mayonnaise here mayonnaise
here Venice is what you need huh
: health now my colons good no never all
that farting I did last week I'm good
we just got back we didn't even have
time to put the cursors away you make it
actually making shortbread cookies
they're really really easy okay so I
wait what's that
no but what's that right there No put it
back that's disgusting you need to you
bet now because you're barely here oh I
tweeted yesterday about loving chocolate
know so much somebody said I actually
get almond milk so I just did and I'm
gonna I'm gonna put a good test
no Marley not for you no no
no no she's just moving for place to
place hmm what you're doing that miss
breaking bad over here
there's a a giant white or she kissed Oh
totally what just want to blow that
right now Oh
preparing are telling me
oh I swear I didn't need any of them
they're all there you don't have to
count them look like it they're all
there
worse yet sexy
with tripping
Nellie
