what's all this racket oh oh yeah oh
it's stuck there now well look how
pretty the water looks oh it smells like
yeah smells so great I have all this
huge thing saying I get it Tyson you
want it look watch him try to get it
watch him don't you touch me don't you
touch me buddy
try it again one more time try it no
that's not how did you make this mess or
did you make this mess yeah worse than
Marlee over here okay help her clean it
up though I got this it's all good I
know how to do this I may have made a
mess out here but look how I make these
look finally got plants all take yeah Oh
God yeah you're like the tiny bristles
and stuff i sat down and she stood like
this could be how you cure baldness
it was he wait are you like that what is
it the Institute I can't remember the
name but she's like really like Zoe is
discovering the cure tech she wants my
hair male pattern baldness she wants my
hair to go click and it is missing
and faster go go faster she get the
peanut butter probably make it even
better keys how I like it so we have any
peanut butter make my hair go quicker
Zoe the secret to making your hair grow
faster this put peanut butter is now
peanut butter and a dog by far the
weirdest thing I've ever done on the
Internet is he's like could you bend
down a little bit could you see I said
that feels really weird our tongue feels
weird on my head you know like a cat
tongue house would actually I bet that's
how her tongue feels the weirdest part
is like Marley is so good she won't even
watch so he said what who cares it watch
her watch her try to fight at it like
you're Lucy's camera well she's like
going for it
while she's licking it some are they
doing it out Oh nope Zoe took over it's
so weird are they like the most like
food but she won't give up I have
standards guides guys I have standards
here by my nut she's like ooh microwave
uncomfortable this guy's kind of funny
House of Marley has standards when it
comes to licking peanut butter off of
somebody's head Vasili doesn't care
she's shameless okay will you little get
off the camera there you go
you'll do it there okay well that was
weird so you heard it here first on the
internet guys apparently dogs licking
your head make your hair grow faster
you're just a very very weird dog I was
just sitting here laying down and I was
just kinda like stretching my back and
she's just looking at it no peanut
butter necessary I guess this one has
two fingers you GoPro check it out check
it out check it out
it's like a kid so I wasn't able to play
with this camera when Ali was in
Thailand so that's my turn and the big
bad champion good job now these two are
making the mess but if you look over
here you can see it's clearly that one
so since we've been living here we
haven't had any bananas yet yeah we got
some bananas growing so cool
this is totally deja vu you're just in a
different bathing suit
so just odd first of all
and up you one it's not that cold so
weird
hey Marley what's up dawg that better no
internet doesn't plug upside down hmm I
had to load up on some hot sauce I will
give you $20 if you just take a shot of
that right now
no $5 wait I mean $50 you guys notice
how happy everyone looks in this
horrific fire look they're just smiling
and then we got like is it Dennis Quaid
over there looks just like this way did
you make it oh ski naked weird the bitch
is that car goes zero to 60 in 17
seconds oh hey seagulls that jerk
seagull freakin turkey or seagull oh you
know what it reminds me of it like a PE
class where you put the ball in the
center and go like this how nerdy am i
right now I'm uploading the vlog I don't
think the only one on my phone Mike find
out what everything everyone is enjoying
the beautiful the beautifulness of
Florida you gonna bring to go probably
in there
accorded it oh it's not that cold I
really want to do that you could do that
this summer
Oh where we have Warped Tour what we
should do that soon Melissa what kind of
mushroom is it
what is a blank mushroom what does it
meant it no that's what if you calling
up Furman ated mushroom you're welcome
there's a trippy as you thought it was
trippy isms you guys already know I say
I'm all the time watch Melissa's channel
youtube.com slash Mel and just count the
trippy isms she has way more than I do
do it do it TV you do Michael Jackson I
feel like don't look gangster like this
I had to make the Hat really super big
now that I don't have my hair so nice
out right now I love this camera
the best part going to the beach see how
much sand you've collected
look at that it bring it back with me
alright check out Shane's new tattoo
what is okay he's hugging you in the
orange right he's hugging him he's
drinking it brightening - that is true I
see this Troy that's that's a really
good tattoo that did it yeah so if you
want to manage the drinking the brains
zombify in orange okay right everybody
found okay the quarter is still on the
bump that is amazing dude even after
being gone
we're still there you were there reminds
me of Jurassic Park does it hi Zoey
I'm Jeff it is now dark outside
this is not acceptable unacceptable I
will run out over this hey unacceptable
everyone's pissed everyone's pissed I'm
gonna go to bed ally actually already
passed out I will see you as my I ever I
didn't say good night last couple nights
I just got so tired so I will see you I
will see you tomorrow hope you guys
enjoy remember is we figure it out
secure the baldness today so you're
welcome I guess I'll see you guys mom
we wait
yes
which are tripping
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
