good morning guys so if you didn't know
Shea is running the lol a marathon he's
updating like iPhone videos and he just
dedicated to weed the Kings and
everything's cookies listening to check
yes Juliet and I just had to show you
guys that is I've been following this
like on Twitter everyone's tweeting and
stuff like that I just have to say Shay
that is I guess I'm still blown away
that you're running a marathon right now
that is insane and I feel lazy I ran
around the house twice today where's
that intro zali trying to put sunscreen
on
we're gonna go to the beach but she's
preparing we got to put some of my cue
ball head - so we're on we're going to
the beach these are the girls I have a
confession guys I dragged my no well
kind of I I'm allowed because I'm not on
the medication but like I had my first
drink in like my weeks and it was a
marks Mike's Hard Lemonade
and I it was it was I feel drunker than
I've ever like I've had 17 Jameson
gingers right doctor was like yeah you
can have one or two drinks like that's
really yeah just have one Mike's Hard
Lemonade and I'm like let's go party
yeah it's gonna get a good some Sun L
saw Joey who's Joey no I was trying to
say so he chewed but I said so yeah
jelly at the same time so he chewed up
my frisbee I swear le hasn't been
drinking anything I really Bible anyway
going to the beach this always reminds
me of Rocko's Modern Life trying to like
watch people and that's creepy it's just
a guy trailing with a giant shovel
trying to find a parking spot
who do we bribe them it's bright blue
shirt you can put let's do a ponytail
over there
victorious alley just where here's a
parking experience at MSU that's all
right that's why you should go to
college kids so you can learn how to
park is it raining it's raining now all
these people are gonna be upset so I
lost my sandals on the tour bus so I'm
so I'm basically being at Turkey right
now shocked
laughter silly I would Chuck Taylors oh
that's right it's spring break break
excuse me mr. Siegel's have you seen
Yuki and Jessi screw you too
hey mr. bird see what you're looking at
over there he's trying to hit on you
he's trying to hit on you yeah you
better get stepping yeah you walking
keep walking up
that is a impractical crap right there
I'll go get playing a guitar I guess I
get ready for the drum circle
oh you silly birds beautiful beach let's
go to happy hour
wow I still feel that Mike's Hard
Lemonade
but it's so nice does it gorgeous egg I
think celebrate celebrate Sunday and Ron
and Shay like completing a marathon and
it's gonna be careful about balls flying
towards my head there's a lot of punk a
lot of balls with Beach right now I
gotta make sure they don't have my head
okay purple head murder in a pin o'clock
green care inductees a Red Bull
strawberry electric electric M&A
when it went away
so it was a lovely lovely day today it
was the first time we've done a beach
day in a really long time
oh yeah we did it two weeks was Catholic
Qasim and Shay Duffin
come get them we're doing awesome okay
now I'm gonna just do not get that car
yeah you mean that birthday yeah
achievement point I I think you're like
singing everything you're saying I kind
of am its I'm gonna good riddle what can
I do today
Simpsons hey guys yeah I'll film you
guys wanna say hi you want to say hi to
the Internet
well why do you guys wanna say hi to
yourself I should say wait what's going
on
fun time bye guys
so laundry's pretty impossible today I
have no idea what to push I feel like if
I push the wrong button it's gonna wash
on my clothes and vinegar how do you
know if that's possible here's the track
I was talking about it in the live show
I completely forgot to mention it to you
guys earlier a lot of you guys been
asking when I'm gonna get the the brain
slug tattoo and ever I was telling I was
having that like skin reaction where
it's like all this crap on my neck and
stuff I'm gonna try to figure out what's
going on with that with this week with
the Medicaid uh whatever the medication
getting off of it so I don't want to get
the tattoo right now
I'm gonna wait for it to clear up and
all that fun stuff I guess it was a
couple weeks ago just before the surgery
I asked you guys to draw me in a jar
with a brain slug and I just uploaded
all the a bunch of them I don't hope I
got all of them if I didn't I apologize
just tweet him that a Charles Trippy on
Twitter and I'll I'll put them in there
I made a nice little like little ROTC
album and it has a whole bunch of them
I'll put a link down there in the video
description you can go check that out
and see which one you guys liked the
most what I was thinking about like is
what I want to do is I kind of want to
get like like I want to get like a half
sleeve and like tattoo where it's like
all space I was talking about this in
the live show where it's like like a
space theme and then maybe have a like
in the rocket ship like have my head in
the jar with Zoe Ali immorally maybe a
bunch of my friends in jars and stuff
and then maybe have a brain slug
somewhere in there as well I don't know
I'm still trying to like play with all
the ideas I just wanted to show you guys
all the awesome drawings that you guys
did I'll put that down there in the
video description and then you guys just
tell me which one you thinks the best
because I think I think that would be
the best I don't know like just have
like a spaceship with all my friends
like in the windows and like or all in
jars oh my god okay so I'm not a huge
huge fan of South Park but this last
episode with the toilet seat the most
brilliant thing ally you have to watch
this episode of the toilet seat thing
with South Park is the toilet seat up is
it up no see okay guys okay this is I
think this is gonna be one of those
arguments that go for the rest of the
world
I mean the rest of like end of the world
like the argument of the toilet seat
should it be up or should it be down why
should it be down
we both put those down so I have to lift
something when I go you have to love
something when you go but I don't know I
I think it's so funny you made a good
sound argument right there though that
me up or down okay all right I'll agree
with that one if you okay women if we
just women and man if we just put the
toilet seat completely shut that's a
compromise I think we just solved the
argument alley so if we just completely
shut the whole lid then it's not up or
down I think we just solved it so it
can't be up or what can't be down it's
just all completely shut and i just
whistled welcome to the CTFxC where we
solve all your problems like women and
men always argue about the toilet seat
and then they this episode is all about
like how they get like I don't know like
the lady gets trapped in there or
something like that I thought I was
gonna for me even though we kind of
solved it was so is through some
controversy should the toilet suite be
up or down
mmm-hmm flame war in the comments
section now
yes
with children
