well aside from the fact that you can
see me from space st. Patty's Day happy
st. Patrick's Day everybody who's not
Irish but celebrates it anyway to drink
green beer Dennis I mean Home Depot
because my dad's Haven all things Dennis
related you can find here this is the
mothership what is it there's the stuff
I'm talking about let's go listen I
don't know anything about this crap oh
my my dad's here to help me okay
randomly I just heard oh no Zeebo Angie
and where are you from hake weather
that's really really very cool are you
do you live here now though no I are
you're visiting that's so awesome it was
very nice to meet you have anything
you'd like to say to the Internet so the
me in Spanish oh yeah everything okay I
think we did enough damage here I'm
gonna be intro but you know what I
bought I bought green frickin flame for
the tiki torches how cool was that super
rad dude is it this green it's about
that grating I don't we'll test it only
at home good game guys no way my mom is
drifting in the shopping cart
okay Tokyo Drift calm down
welcoming I can't take these to anywhere
I can't I can't it can't be seen in
public these people their house was
talking about ugly bananas
although technicality these are
plantains but you know what
the same thing throw it up yes please
can I have that make sure that the bread
you eat is only bait by bimbo that's
gotta be a joke that's real you pick one
candy huh you picked this is my
childhood but my childhood was I want I
just chopped a man's life will have
these two things I mom's like absolutely
not pick one and I'm I was getting three
candy I know I'm putting okay good
- can't he's put one back Jenny make a
choice I choose both no it's not an
option oh my god guys I have to use a PC
I'm trying to upload Justin's video for
him because he's at work and uh yeah
none of this is really familiar to me
I'm going over here to close stuff up
here I know I'm just kidding it's not
only that hard but it has been a really
long time since I've been on a PC and
it's like a little confusing just
because everything's on opposite side
and so I'm kind of like yeah I'm not you
know I'm not completely a computer
stupid but you know not that good either
so tomorrow we're gonna try to go
canoeing oh hi guys by the way sorry ed
I had a little bit of a headache earlier
today and I was kind of sleeping so
Allie just gave me some Tylenol days
fellas look I got this
we're gonna go canoeing tomorrow maybe
hopefully and I got this I figured this
would be pretty good think about the
GoPro on hey damn kids get out my loan
get my loan kids
yeah bye kids get get my kids really
completely almost forgot
today we're doing a live show today guys
so hopefully the information is down
there in the video description we're
gonna be doing a live show what is
tomorrow what's the date oh my god
what's today the 18th so March 18th at 8
p.m. Eastern we're gonna try doing
another live show and we're gonna maybe
actually you know we're gonna give away
this we won this last time because so
many people were at the live show so
we're gonna give away a free HD camera
webcam just for the heck of it all the
information is down there 8 p.m.
tomorrow Sunday 3:18 Eastern Time
if it's not down there in the video
description that means we miss it and
we'll do it next Sunday but I think
we're gonna try to do it every Sunday a
p.m. Eastern and all that stuff so make
sure to come to the live show let's try
not to kill the website again this time
guys let's try to put the kill it
alright ready go for it
and Marley's gone that it goes back and
forth I think she likes it guys could
you please uh turn the turn that off
it'd be really nice let's play a game
called fine Marley
can you find Marley in the bushes lizard
lizard' went in there this works old
dinosaur what are you doing dude this is
go got it get off my dog there you got a
big giant bottle of pee flammable pee
telephone okay I'm gonna do it it's
supposed to burn green totally can't see
it right now but it looks green can you
guys even you guys can't even see I
could see green it's really cool though
she's supposed to be doing the hip well
we want to get the weeds out right we
should not be allowing this what are
those things
anti man well I'm glad you're helping
I feel like you're just arbitrary make a
Mickey Mouse 100 make it count let's
make this into make one of these into
something okay Internet no let's let the
Internet decide if we could do anything
in the background right here in the back
of our house like a Mickey Mouse or
Pluto or a Bioshock dude what what
should this Bush turn into and then Ali
will carve it into something so you have
to in the comments you have to decide
what's next
today it's been such a weird day like
remember a couple of days ago I stopped
all the medication and stuff
slowly weaning off of it in the comments
I've read that getting off the steroids
is like the hardest thing because your
body gets so used to them I mean that's
why my neck like this is so annoying
like these I got these like stupid
little reactions that's why I got these
like things on my neck and stuff like
that hopefully that goes away all the
skin reactions and my face it's just
super skin blemishes is the worst thing
I have to deal with so be it but other
than that guys I have no reason to
complain that is I've been happy all day
it's gonna be a beautiful sunset
but spoiled got a st. Paddy's ball
that almost broke everything she didn't
see it thank God you guys want to see
something really spoiled look at this
are you tired
how'd you get under all that huh
technically I'm kind of I'm kind of
healed right
remember the whole bet between Danny and
I who gets who's like heals quicker his
arm hers wrist
the guys that CTFxC the daily gifts and
stuff like that made this right now and
I just uh I it's a good question because
technically I'm not on the road yet I
can't get out on the road right now
but am i healed who won watch the day I
fly out for the tour Danny's gonna be
like cutting his his wrist up you know
to be completely honest it doesn't even
matter who wins on this this bet because
this bet was only to motivate each other
to get better quicker I honestly think
we both won I'm trying I'm trying to be
a good sportsman guy dude it was totally
me though it's totally me
okay we've got a torch burning over
there let's try the green one maybe
wait so none of them are working now
Jessie you're bad luck you're well you
have the red hair well so much tolerance
put together so maybe that's why it's
like a novelty that's all I get if I yet
oh you're hanging out yeah I'm just
gonna sit right here no bug thing about
by me you know it kind of works sweet so
we're gonna collect leprechauns now you
just want to hang out here tonight sir
Blake well I'm a little disappointed
hello
Irish red haired mullah I like your
little necklace I can't pinch you that's
all your ring I'm wearing this every
time I try my freaking camera on my
phone goes off I get a sex message every
time you found it
this I got from forever 21 for one
dollar and fifty cents what can't you go
that was disturbingly just revolting I'm
wearing purple oh then you get pinched
that yeah you do pinch your butt Jim
pinch him in the NIP does not count at
all three years right and every single
time I was just talking to Cory
oh you know I agreed no I think I'll
have a good we just established that
good I got you grab the thing I thought
there was green filling in there but
there's not but green and blue and
yellow make green oh what what makes
paint blue and yellow okay
primary colors yes I will recede to the
darkness for now for now every single
year we try to find it I was just
telling Corey that you can never find
green on st. Patrick's Day I'm firing
you
I'm gonna make my own green bitch if you
do take it that's cool
you
having way too much fun over here well
since I can't it alcohol
I'll have awesome green water that
counts right fancy assortment you can
you barely made a shot called sailors
Jerry Jerry looks like something bloody
that's I don't know if you go that's a
nice rosy oh yeah crazy tinge you're a
disgusting person your face out of my
face what happened to you papa papa sh
matter what's matter Shu what what's
matter papa
see what you did
wait
worse yet
giddy with child tripping
with Dirty Harry don't forget
