let's have a little deja vu let's try
watermelon today no no no that's not a
strawberry apple a day keeps Bill Gates
away fine go install windows 8 oh crap
that's she's eating apples okay
watermelon those of that healthy Marlee
you know what's kind of funny like the
best thing in the world and the worst
thing in the world is like the exact
same thing banana it could be the best
thing in the world or it could be the
worst thing you can either have a really
ugly banana or you could have the
greatest banana in the world yeah that's
kind of like a metaphor for life isn't
it it's very true please really I can't
really get much much farther I know I'm
gonna there we go yep okay okay thank
you you know you're still just gonna sit
there like a freaking weirdo
oh I feel like such an idiot I could
have just gotten a bunch of water and
squeeze those lemonade I mean those
lemons and just gotten lemonade you dad
I done messed up oh the other day yeah
when I said I should make us a version
lemonade yeah I realized what I said
guys I really he did you go boom hello
pizza to go boy
he was just like nudging my purse he's
like what's in there what's in there
there's something there for me Oh is
there some in there welcome to my humble
abode
oh my stuff is like no way crazy lady no
way this is what you want say what you
want huh okay I give you the best macro
shot in the world guys go Marley go
go whores I gone how long until oh okay
well never mind that didn't take very
long good girl Marley so today is the
day we've been getting a lot of
questions because we had to take the
store down
because what we're doing is we're gonna
actually be moving it over to dftba
records and they're gonna be handling
our all our merch we really like those
guys you know the Hank and vlogbrothers
Allen everybody over there and we feel
like they're though like the most like
you know like friendly and the CTFxC I
know is gonna like him cuz we have to
count all the inventory and get it all
organized is just part of it right here
and we have to get all over organized so
we can ship it all the way over to them
so we give the store because a lot of
right now all we have available are our
CTFxC posters that's available on our
site right now but those are the only
things that we actually have available
or CTFxC posters yeah yeah where are
they
oh they're in here okay there are these
things if you guys didn't know we had
those we have it in black and we have it
like teal oh yeah they put the little
legs right there maybe we'll do a
limited edition those are available
those are in the video description below
our shirts and our hoodies and all those
other things have been taken down just
because we've been trying to get
everything organized oh that's what
we're doing today
you're gonna help count so we haven't
been ignoring or anything like that I
love doing that it's like risky business
every single time I go 1/2
we're gonna try to get the store
organized so the hoodies because you
guys been wanting hoodies again so
that's what we're doing today for now as
we go through the deep jungle we don't
know what we'll find mines real funny I
Shrunk the Kids oh my god I don't know
if anyone else remembers how amazing
that movie was totally reminds me this
is awesome when they're riding through
the aunt number they feed the aunt cuz
they ain't get sick that movie and
Ghostbusters too and I think Ninja
Turtles 2 or probably the best movies of
my childhood if you were to think of any
of your movies that you grew up like
just loving what would what would be the
ones that stand out if you guys say Fred
- I'm gonna be so pissed off are they is
gonna fall in that water one of these
days you're gonna knock her in there hey
bitch okay you're a bitch come on I just
found out some terrible news that my
husband will not be staying with the
information they're still doing all the
chromosomal tests and all the stuff to
figure out what weird mutated thing it
is I can remember with whatever they say
it was astronaut Astro second benign
astrocytoma is possibly what it is but
they called to tell me that it's for my
ease this weekend that is not oh
fricking
and he said to pack my bags and oh my
god the relief literally is your head
feel smaller already like literally the
relief was like like the weight of like
I want to say the way to my head just
because the shoulder thing is that's oh
yes damn it now he's leaving I know I'm
gonna I probably should relax and stuff
but this you need him to do a follow-up
still a bit yeah I got it they're gonna
do a cat scan and an MRI just to make
sure you'll get to see what you're
thinking I get to see that oh cool the
plates or the plate and screws he wanted
to call and let me know but they're
still doing everything so we don't
really know what it is but the point is
that it's a robot awareness is not
malignant that is the best news anything
she's ridiculous
so I got a call everyone now Oh
Internet's we're doing the party like
okay careful Maya you hold on turn
around so that you're not this backlit
backlit no more brain slugs in my head I
just kick them out it's a little bit of
I'm still a little bit worried because
they're still doing the test I don't
know what it is but the bottom line is
that's that's the good news
just like walking around in circles I'm
just like so so excited are you guys
excited to rally good
got a practice guys brought the micro
machine oh I thought oh is it wishing
well quick something did not discuss
some water gonna do a hibachi grill I
feel so much better today you know so
you decided you know what's the holdup
medications right what do we get miso
soup
it always looks so sad with the one
mushroom
I would have already lost at least four
fingers by the volcano
every time I cook lasagna I try to do
this but I can never do it true
that's amazing
I can't even do that part
this is amazing I just wanted to show
you look he had brain surgery - all
right guys we had a delicious dinner
with some friends got to relax after
getting some really great news today
Charles has already passed out it's been
a very long day for him waiting we're
finally so glad that they got those
results that was a really stressful time
honestly waiting we don't want to freak
you guys out but we've been waiting for
the pathology and that was you know
really crazy to have to uh basically
just wonder which path in life you're
gonna have to take depending on the
answers that you get it's just kind of
crazy you know you never really expect
anything like that I mean there's no way
to really prepare for anything like that
but you know with your guys love and
support we got through it we got really
good news and you know we're gonna carry
okay we're gonna go to keep calm and
carry on as so popularly suggested and I
get some sleep we love you and we will
see you tomorrow as always
yes
with children
it would be an ally don't forget
