marli eats a strawberry
she looks so funny when she is it hi oh
you're getting much faster at that book
the first time she did it she spit it
out like 15 times are you gonna be good
protect the house alright you can just
take that thank you yeah is your
gangster limped on that's good you
addicted down to I will be officially
off all these stupid freaking steroids I
still gotta take it what does it keppra
peppers fear the anti-seizure this is
taking a precautionary thing they get
keeping on but I will be off all the
stupid um the steroids which is really
good because that's the kind of thing
that that's really messing me up so what
I wanted to say today before getting off
is that the funniest thing about being
on these steroids is that I I fart a lot
and I fart just like a tenor sax and I
can clear the room just like a tenor sax
can clear the room that's like I'm Kenny
G guys that's it TMI TMI a little bit
this is something I want to look back on
and remember and laugh about because -
as of tomorrow when this video goes live
I will be off those stupid things so
just thought I'd share that that was
that was more for Charles personal note
down in the future drinking coffee and
stuck in traffic we're gonna go we're
gonna go to the Apple store get some
errands done and yeah just I wanted to
get out of the house like it was
yesterday I was like stuck in the house
all day so I wanted to get out and I
just I need to be free guys I just need
to be free I got my coffee guys it kind
of sounds like this
this is how I farted I have a fart
beautifully and I'm pretty talented the
necklace that I got Ali I guess it just
broke so we're gonna get that fixed cuz
she's super sad
it's that bass
that your satisfies you are ridiculous I
know I I wanted to make sure the
annotations are up and this is honestly
the scariest thing any youtuber can ever
ever do especially its log in our public
computer and I'm always afraid of like
leaving things logged in like just
accidentally away the secret password is
no longer secret freaked me out like you
know what's gonna happen I wanted to
make sure to thank you you're gonna get
a dancing in the Apple store video
uploaded to CQC accidentally yeah
directly by somebody randomly that would
actually we've got a funny version of
this leave this like logged in right now
and see what happens remember or saying
I'm afraid of logging out you couldn't
remember if I log that or not at the
double check
and you ever good just in case you want
to bring in the grass you know with you
and putt-putt golf or something this now
this is ridiculous okay now this is dumb
that's just dumb that's justice if I
wallet look like that I think for
playlist a ballerina
trying to another one now one looks a
lot better
that one looks cooler alright Internet
what do you think do you think the black
one I think that between the two guys
it's a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle why
is he dressed in that way go in the
yellow it
Divac
I haven't really been everywhere in the
world quite like this world traveler has
was he passed out
I got
but if you please Suzanne I can honestly
say Lord I have some of the most
gorgeous sunsets and skyline
come to Florida and watch Florida sunset
it's like nothing else
it's just incredible it's
Charles thinks so too
see currently ministries you guys have
to think outside of the box there's a
little brain challenge for you see if
you can solve it I'm gonna have to pause
the screen right now and then just type
in the answer in the in the comments so
basically what word should this make you
think of think outside the box
see if anyone gets it you don't want to
go away now
stupid steroids look at that so it is no
no no no watch I felt that the other day
I need to feel part of the plate I think
no I don't want to like this is amazing
that your head was open a week ago yeah
and like you're fine yeah like you gotta
go you're here almost two weeks and
you're talking and you're living and
your head looks like you didn't even
have your birthday I'm sorry I am that's
the weirdest part what every once in a
while what I move like it I laugh or a
smile I can feel my skin go oh you can
feel it tight like like maybe where
there's something like you're adjusting
so I can hear it like all of a sudden
I'll just go if you were to get a piece
of tape and put it on your hand and then
pull the tape that little feeling that
resistance that's what it does it goes
it's very weird eight o'clock I turn
into like like eighty year old man mode
because of the student like I said today
tomorrow right tomorrow moth yes
steroids yeah which is the things that I
think you're gonna really really matter
and I'll be able to get my my I guess my
energy back cuz it's just like bugs me
down you Nancy grandpa party I want a
lady to go out and get you guys some
footage so now this is your mission this
is ally footage she's on a mission if
she doesn't come back with footage guys
we will we will do something in turn
internet like what would an Internet
gang do to somebody like well will DDoS
to your life are you staring at there's
a flies
nice push we still don't know what the
heck's going on with the results I guess
it's gonna take longer they said it
could be one to two weeks
so rather than stressing and worrying
about it whatever just will come it's
gonna be good news anyway so we're just
trying not to let it like bog down over
our heads
hey watch it shows this Tarou it ready
get blowing it everywhere yeah oh you
smell that okay this is a giant circle
okay just throw it on the ground there
we go so we're here it's whistling right
now and I thought was actually pretty
nice at this venue that right even
though that you're not here Charles they
actually they gave you your own dressing
room
which one are we getting my own
here
oh my gosh this is like my dream the my
dream is their dream right here dream
beautiful yes and it's wicker cabinet
Marvel ok grandma I didn't want to let
you guys go to bed without knowing the
answer so this is the answer I'll see
you guys tomorrow good night
yes
with trippy and alley
with European early
