good morning guys so I have to pee in a
cup now so weird I feel I feel like I
should put like one date in it or
something like that they actually look
let me do I got to get in these little
tiny freaking violins like so small is
why you got yell of the internet guys
you look back on these days and you're
like wow look at that there's a hydrated
that's good hmm just getting if lemonade
although what's weirder the fact that
like and playing with my own piece
that's pretty nasty that was in our
light we're doing fixing stuff again oh
thank you honey that's beautiful keep it
forever
Oh hope you do that
that's Wednesday Dennis is helping us
fix everything again cuz I can't do it
this is what I get
that's normal right okay thumbs up
homemade fix it and we got our little
robot helping in the house today I had
to do since since I was a boy insurance
company decided to be really nice is
that to Doug get all this like you know
paper work and all that crap taking care
of now they've sent somebody out here so
I didn't have to go anywhere so that was
pretty nice
didn't have to go anywhere must you
always be the leader of the pack but
Marley's head up your butt every single
time it's gonna be the worst view ever
dawg uh yeah I may know there's
cockroaches everywhere the water bugs
yeah what's the difference hello mister
cockaroach they would they would you
could like blow them up with a nuke and
they'd be fine oh you know what you're
like you're like the guy from the movie
Joe's apartment villages mmm oh jeez a
mr. mole cricket it's cool looking
though that's pretty cool mr. mole
cricket what's doing down there
Weaver wobbles looks like a tremor Kevin
Bacon must be here so he's three degrees
so I got this jailbreak up my phone
and now I don't have to be the computer
I can actually walk around and actually
upload for my iPhone
on Wi-Fi look at that it's actually
uploading to YouTube look at Adam a
little hacker a little hacker I can feel
my skin burning like I could really
honestly feel it's just like behind of
shaders so wait for it upload then we
can go do something this is like looks
like such a pain in the ass can't drive
I can't go over where I know I'm to
translate all this I have no time to
translate that you guys know like how I
am like I just like to go and just get
in the car just go do something dude
with the things on my own
I can't I can't go anywhere by myself
and it's just that's been the most
frustrating thing in the world whatever
we're still waiting hopefully
everything's good I hate waiting
Hey ordered egg so we're gonna finish up
the lawn I'm gonna go I got to get a big
big bonnet or something like that a
little sundress she get a sundress with
a Sun Hat so I can go outside
don't look at the generate sound look at
the Joey are you kidding me that looks
like as much as a house so did you guys
hear the end of that last clip where the
guy was like excuse me he told me that I
was not allowed to film in the mall
period not not don't fill the stores not
don't film the people don't even film
yourself without express permission from
the manager of the entire mall yeah no
I'm sorry problem I feel bad and I never
like to use this phrase but lay off
rent-a-cop
for reals all right but I'm gonna mess
with your minds right now but a record
on my iPhone like the screen decided to
make this little cheesy kind of trailer
with Zoe tomorrow they just going after
peanut butter using the UH new iMovie
stuff I was goofing around with it and
I'll put a link down there in the video
description a little bonus video today
yeah why not bonus videos are always fun
that's why the you do the iPhone channel
exists I get like super cheesy and corny
and I guess it's got I don't know all
these like little like slates and stuff
like that I guess that it's in the bonus
video I just thought I'd make it peanut
butter paradise it's gotta be super
corny
that looks very cool this looks a little
bit more like Zoe Mari anyway so this is
on the trip the iPhone Channel pretty
cool cuz you can actually see what's on
my screen like everything so on you guys
want to see what I have so far these are
the photos so far getting there it's
kind of getting there that nerdy enough
I was pretty nerdy wasn't it you know
what I haven't done in a while
fuck car dance party
thanks mother look nobody in here do me
about filming huh Jeff did you know that
she weren't allowed to film with them
all
I got screamed at by a security guard he
said you are not allowed to film without
express permission of the manager of the
mall and I said what I said even myself
and he's like yes I need you with me
quick thinking speedy No
show me show me manager oh boy
all right so we just got out of Project
X and that movie was insane like I don't
know what else to say to describe it
except for insane also I guess okay I
think I saw people tweeting hold on
switching hands there oh I think I saw
people tweeting a little while ago that
Dax flame was in a movie but I guess I
didn't realize that it was that movie
and it was just so great like he was
such a crazy crazy dude in the movie and
that's how he totally is so it's awesome
and I was very very happy to see him in
Sydney and yeah I don't know I thought
like what do you think about the movie
crazy look crazy to be honest I was
worried about the dog the whole time
that was really the only part that I
cared about was with the dog ended up
okay I was like where's Milo where's the
dog where is the dog
one other Logan boobies do you dream in
basketball he's just looking for logging
with the TV we decided to stop by the
beams I wanted his desert really badly
yeah this beauty was totally down to get
some totally down I can always count on
you to go too fast anyway things
disappointing these experience ever
what first thing you told us they were
out of spinach artichoke dip so turns
out they had spinach artichoke dip one
they brought it the chips were wontons
they were crushed up everything against
wonton see you can understand no I don't
especially me there until the cerrado
ice cream the whole reason we went in
there was to get a dessert and then how
many ice cream Lou those sweet moves you
can't give me something good gorgeous
hurl it turtle it hurdle it pearl it why
hurdle it right on it
I like being allowed in parking garages
I'm gonna delicious I've been trying to
like pressure out you know though the
fresh blueberries raspberries apples try
to stay healthy so I got some awesome
oatmeal because you know what's healthy
is eating a whole bed I was hoping to
hear about like maybe a doctor
appointment like finding out if the the
results come but I guess can't really
rush that stuff can't I just looked at
myself in the mirror and I cannot
believe how much it's grown what was it
four days was a three or four days ago
when I just shaved it don't weird to me
like I wake up in the morning I just
kind of like you know I turn the light
on you know you always already you
already kind of groggy in the morning I
turn it light on all of a sudden I just
like freak out for a second I'm just uh
than that I'm getting kind of used to it
I still put up the same amount of
shampoo on my hair at my hand would I
wash my hair and you really honestly
probably you'd like a little micro dot
or something I wanted to ask you guys if
I always like a supervillain like with
the bald head and the scar now what
would be my super villain name that's
that's about that we kind of like the
secret phrase I want to know what you
guys cuz I guess here we're talking with
my superpowers right you know I can blow
stuff up so yeah
what would my super evil villain name be
so like I said here's the bonus video
you can click right here and check it
out it's really stupid it's using the
it's like the new themes and the new
iMovie do that all on the iPhone I was
just I was bored I thought I'd be kind
of fun to do so where it wasn't the
drugs kids I swear it wasn't the drugs
hope you guys have a great night alright
I'm gonna go enjoy my oatmeal I'll see
you guys tomorrow
enjoyed the bonus video a links in the
video description and I will see you
tomorrow
wait
baby
giddy with child tripping
Cinthia
it would be hairy
the way more
