good morning guys staples are coming out
right now we're preparing I'm not doing
it would be pretty funny though I would
stay home I gotta be horrible I'm
freaked out not because I don't think I
could do it just cuz I would be freaking
out about inflicting pain like on
someone else
that's why convenors you guys I know
some of your watching and you knew I was
gonna do the fake ouch I wasn't gonna do
that because don't staples are finally
coming out I'm no longer a zombie I'm so
ready for all this crap just to be over
with a hair to be back playing music
step by step guys we're doing this only
about a week I'm a rapper and I never
knew damn it always protecting Justin
have you been experiencing super powers
right about the telepathy yeah that's
probably should private I don't and then
they're moving the objects of something
yeah that's pretty important what about
the electricity that's the electricity
the exploding things you think you need
to know about the kind of maybe I mean
it says write down any symptoms that you
have had a raccoon deserve in all
seriousness though every time I believe
the help I feel like you know like when
you do like a scantron thing is like yes
or no things like you experienced this
you know when you're doing a scantron
and you're doing like one answer of all
of them your Christmas tree in it well
not really Christmas dream but like like
you've something in the back you know
like you did one wrong like should be
yes so then you just kind of like
sacrifice Li yeah I had a heart attack
internet you know I'm talk about like
any scantron
like anything else let's take it out
yeah how many ever got 16 you have the
next teen it was 15 and then that one
dude does you need one of my help the
pickup come on be a beach blonde yeah
I'm bloody I'm bleaching my hair aside
yeah I already shaved it might as well
just bleeped your town here's one
oh that doesn't hurt at all well I'm
actually on tour yeah just leave one in
your cell just for posterity it's so
weird like a pair of scissors click
quick not necessarily family that's it
yes I am now 100% staple free high five
yes and you know what that means I
honest I'm gonna get my first coffee and
like two and a half weeks I'm gonna do
it it is so nice to be able to just
throw beanie on again out and I worry
about this ah I feel like a new man I
have a new band actually surprisingly
not as painful as there was I guess like
tiny little section that was a little
bit painful like sore but that was fine
I'm gonna fix the camera cuz the other
camera guys want to see I don't think is
you've seen the black camera hold on my
shows I've been using the red one since
I've been home because it's a lot better
shape this is this is what mine looks
like I'll show you this is what you guys
look like through my vision but the
crack right there happened I think like
two days I freaked out it fixed before
all the touring and stuff continues I
don't want to get all this camera the
situation taken care of
and on top of that a lot one of the
biggest requests Ali's been getting is
to reboot drunk gaming oh how I got it I
can't believe she you know though the
Dorito taco thing she she's over there
trying to crunch police you know like
what have a talk like any taco you're
like trying to do it like
then you look around you guys have been
asking about doing drunk gaming season
two so we're gonna start doing like
collecting game lists for drunk gaming
because now that Justin's back here it's
gonna be a lot easier so if you guys
have any ideas for video games that you
want ally and Justin to any video game
ideas let us know in the comments guys
and we're gonna reboot season 2 of drunk
gaming on at youtube.com slash Ali as
soon as possible because I miss those
those were fun whoa I'm hyper today
I'm so stoked I'm just gonna go I'm just
we should just pull up Starbucks I'm
just gonna go sure but take my money
15,000 awesome points so I know when it
gets that reference Oh
pick me pick me pick me pick me pick me
now we'll give it to somebody else you
have no idea how happy I am right now
and that's it let's start small I feel
so nervous I didn't know how to approach
like are you gonna drink the coffee and
I'm like staring at it Thanks so like
how do I do this again don't judge me
so secret on it happy alright you'll be
good day well reset Bob Bob Loblaw
cameras are being sent off to it uh its
manufacturer and oh hi ern Aaron was a
very nice guy though shout out the Aaron
the camera will be fixed soon so we'll
have another cameras if you want to
break dance for everyone Brigance
freaking good job dinosaur toy there's
dinosaur rock sub dog a little things
getting worse when I think I've told you
guys that little spot on Zoey's nose hey
you embarrassed come on this little spot
she stuck her nose and a bush he got
stung by a bee she ever since she was a
puppy alright I guess we'll go inside
before daddy's cue ball head yeah burns
I actually don't know if I ever
mentioned this but if you guys didn't
know on a lot of our videos Isabel and
the people who do the we the kings
Brazilian fanpage and stuff have been
doing Portuguese translations on a lot
of our vlogs I don't know if I have
actually mentioned this but uh yeah if
you guys speak Portuguese or Spanish I
know it's not the same but ah let me
show you it's really cool because I've
been think about doing this for other
languages so if there's a lot of people
that speak Italian German and stuff like
that we should start doing other
languages like right here you have the
interactive transcript right there which
is all in Portuguese but if you go to
the closed captioning right over there
it puts it in the Portuguese like they
do it by all by hand I just don't
remember if I actually mentioned it I
just thought it was really cool and I
was thinking about doing in other
languages so if you guys would that be
something you guys would want to have
like a tower maybe German I don't know
Russian I think it's kind of cool
because they let me know everyone can
understand so if you guys are really
good at doing transcripts the little CC
codes or whatever let me know really
though some old-school hold on don't me
head bang another thing gonna practice
don't have thing oh well it is time for
mr. Fixit bye mr. Fixit I mean somebody
not me our waters broken gotta fix our
water we want to see what happened I'll
show you how here's your problem here
it's uh it's it's just totally broken
it's just not there anymore it just kind
of exploded let's do a tally see how
long is it actually gonna take I get fit
ok let me just get that just trying to
get some more water you try to your
water look stupid judgmental fish can I
please have some espresso I think
there's a dinosaur in there yeah there's
a baby dinosaur in there you guys have a
mess over here I can probably help you
dig it back in
techno remix I'm a nerd
we're already fixing stuff I figured you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna try
to make bread dough like pizza dough
from scratch I've never done it ever in
my life and you know what the pizza
thing might this lovely you don't we
should make like a blueberry begin to
dough
okay pretty awesome that's it that's all
we need is two things
that's simple okay guys it doesn't
really pay to be impatient I suppose we
were at Publix and I picked the express
lane a woman used 25 coupons and paid
with cash good ten items or less and
there's like thirty two items and you
know the person they're doing that the
checkout are just like 1 to 44 do we
have water we have water let's try it
she decided to do it for me okay this
little thing you just line it up with
that yeah twist it lock it and then I
feel like we just went to space with
that you probably been used to Phi
quicker quicker quicker quicker
all right we need wax paper and we're
gonna let you get that every time I
think so I can work on it if you're just
joining us on the CTFxC allie has this
fear of wax paper
I'm not afraid but I just
you're afraid no no you're afraid you
know
all right now we got to combine this for
this ooh that looks ooh
you know okay have I trip how do you do
it on these newfangled gadgets I'm used
to a little with spoon and stuff like
that
more power more power better if it's
faster gonna do it faster
you should
excuse me sir
Barcelona Spain is the real deal they're
not they're not messing around
miss you guys mr. Charles hope you can
make it back on the road soon I just
want to show you some shots from the
road arise dope arise Dolan rise wow
there's a lot of dough it's pretty cool
that we made our own dough maybe like
it's kind of gooey having problems I
think we did it
yeah it's really good first time I
actually got to be able to do that's not
the same my hair's grown alright it's
funny because now you can kind of see
your hairline more and your hairline is
like in the same patch my beard it's not
a great bigger V for Vendetta this is
just from the past couple days I don't
if you can see so far but they're
already kind of going it's the first
time without the staples and it just
feels so here you a wish a wish everyone
like magic 8-ball okay Ally's gonna rub
my bald head and in the comments right
now the comments right now I want you
guys to wish something and that's what
my bald head is gonna do I don't really
know how to make it it is so your wish
is now whatever you guys wrote in the
comments is gonna happen now we're gonna
watch a really bad move well I think
it's gonna be a bad movies that Jack and
Jill movie so I know we'll see I love
Adam Sandler so much I have really high
hopes hope you guys had a great day I
feel so much better that the staples are
out and my hair is growing back now
we're just waiting I think we have one
final thing and I get like I said we
find out what stupid thing was where the
brain slug came from what it is
hopefully it's nothing and I can get
back on a freakin airplane all right
gonna swoop in but he kind of okay I'm
good at this I just want to say thank
you guys so much I've been reading the
comments a lot and on everyone on
Twitter like at replying
Twitter all the support for the past
couple weeks since this crap has
happened got my coffee things are
starting to get back to normal
been a pain in the ass that's definitely
for sure your support every single day
it's just been amazing to read and just
it's just it's been it's been helping me
it's all right keep doing it's good just
feel so weird I just wanted to say thank
you guys for being so awesome
I will see you guys tomorrow hope you
guys enjoyed the video and yeah and uh
and uh
yes
with children
with trippy an alley
