oh you got the zombie limp oh no going
in my food ah be again fresh fruit and
yogurt keep the zombies away I probably
still making this all up she have to
clean up all your puke huh cuz you got
all nervous you know puked a few guys
who sucked and you got your little
lounge this your little shrine what a
lazy day already we're like 20 seconds
into this video and this is nothing
about lazy dogs I think that's all she
wanted so if she just throws up she gets
sprayed in the face
how long do you think she could do that
let's pray later Oh Marley looking for
bananas in there I wasn't bananas I need
some potassium where's my coconut water
you're still limping just look at her
eyes okay weirdo I think you've had
enough that never is not funny to be
what she chases it I wish I were that
excited about hoses still I remember
when my mom and dad used to put out we
would have like one of those little
sprayers that goes back and forth that
you just plug into the hose and that was
like our waterpark like we would just
run and jump through that it was so much
fun I bet Zoey would love that we should
get her one I'm about to admit it the
biggest facepalm I've ever done in my
life I just got out of the shower and I
looked right at Allie and I go where's
the hairdryer yeah
facepalm just baseball Zoey why don't
you talk about it huh why you just walk
about it I was just checking out all the
gifts from the space and it's so good
I'm so glad you guys liked it that's so
funny
one two three so would you come bearing
top star it's awesome it's awesome
though look at this we went shopping
earlier and we got all this fruit to
like so we just have like nothing but
fruit so oh I know it's so good and then
Marley keeps trying to eat it oh did you
like them
if you did see I'm Alyssa's channel my
little sister has a YouTube channel
my dad was eating all the dog treats
over there
oh you want try that look at try this
hold on this just smell that cookie mmm
yeah that is a bad as a dog cookie can
you read them yeah no proof out there
that's straight-up dog cookie Oh
so they think that if they don't they
don't mind Freddie
down the first strip club
trying to rile up just like courtyard if
there's people meditating you know she's
trying to meditate and these amazing
dancers look at him go meditate I want
to go there nobody's having it oh yeah
and there it is
that's right we go in there in two
seconds well Starbucks baby I just got a
phone call from the post office I think
it's time we have to pick up everything
from the fuel box because they're gonna
close it and knock everything out if we
don't pick it up so maybe we'll do a
mail vlog in the next couple days
there's a ball in there oh it's one of
those big giant like silly balls we were
like that seems pretty bad
yeah we're gonna have to do a mail blog
in the next couple days that's for sure
good night
they mail it like that she doesn't want
any money here's a were they doing there
are they doing insanity again we got a
freaking aerobic room now every time Ali
and my sister and everyone comes over
and they do this right it reminds me so
much of the videogame because they're
just the guys so demanding and it's kind
of funny the best with them like when
they're doing their aerobic I said I
take the controller and I'm like
pretending like I'm moving and having
them so I got to find a control finally
see run
so jump very good
this one get to do both of them guys
okay take a break take a break now mark
take a break actually tell you guys this
I've good news
um so I'm down to my pills well actually
look at that's actually healing a lot
better it's a little bit better you guys
were asking about my my E I was taking
too much Adam
I do anything is either Adam listen to
the EVAs the shot or atoms the I'm so
confused Bioshock anyway I'm OD'ing on
to you anyway my pills are a lot less I
don't have a lot more I'm dead like
downing the steroids anti crap and all
that fun stuff but tomorrow tomorrow
it's been a week and the staples come
out I'm getting the staples removed a
week that's insane
a week ago someone was tutoring my head
and now the staples are coming out
already already and I'm gonna try to
film and all that stuff but I've been
feeling great I've been you know leopard
vlogging everyday you know that i've
been feeling pumped up hopefully we get
although the stupid results soon a
thursday or friday we get the talk with
a surgeon basically saying i can get on
an airplane and get over there for the
europe tour when i can get over there
and all that fun stuff Danny earlier
he's been sending clips which has been
amazing because I miss those guys and I
know you guys do too and it's really
good that I get to see what they're
doing and you guys get to see what
they're doing make sure to go tell Danny
a huge wheeler Dan on Twitter that tell
them a huge thank you for filming all
that stuff and he'll he'll keep doing it
as much as you can though steeples are
coming out that is so cool like a week
so I'm pretty pumped I'm pumped
did you lose your entourage yawn number
two they were really good Ronnie
that's the cardio
high jump double tap z alley do barrel
hi Benji on were you hobble in
so funny way you can do workups to video
games like this
wait I'm using a PlayStation controller
now you guys know how that you can
change Oh text message Yuki you know you
can change your like religion on I guess
I'm on Facebook and stuff like that
people have been changing their their
religion to space cat look at this their
philosophy in a religious views let me
show you ah space cat is a reality it is
true all health space cat oh my face can
you think it's better look at this if
you haven't seen space cat it's on the
trail strip at the end of this video you
have to go watch you have to go you have
to promise guys
pinky swear you're gonna do it oh we're
gonna have a little shindig we missed it
Mina still look a liquor store in four
minutes there we go and now at a time to
get the party started eh sorry uh doing
something uh so what you're getting
you're getting some some where's
felicity right there
I think Coley Coley would be proud oh
yeah that's Coley's maybe I can make
some like virgin martinis or like
lemonade it's a virgin with lemonade or
something tasty oh I used to live on
this in college this is good I thought
it was funny like a moose enjoy
and there's my snack I want this alright
which one has the gummy bears I'm sure a
lot of you guys saw on Twitter if you're
following me on Twitter I discovered the
best way to take since I'm not like
lowering my doses of pills the best way
to do it
just take gummy bears with it adds a
little nice little flavor
lizard this is Jesse with your daily
joke of the day your daily joke of the
day how do you arrange a party in the
solar system
oh you plan it you've got the whole
thing
alright guys well it's time to kind of
wind down oh it's very hiding you're
hiding in here by yourself chillin we
got an early appointment tomorrow I get
the staples removed I'm pretty pumped
about that so I'm gonna go to bed I will
see you guys later I'll have a link to
space cat so if you have no idea what
I'm talking about with the skit that we
uploaded and all the other fun skits
I'll put a link at the end of that and
you guys can go hail space cat I'm sure
I read in the comments just before
coming in here that I went to go like
high-five you guys and give you out just
just a random high-five I don't know why
I stopped but I'm gonna continue it so
tonight we're just gonna do a little
high five good night will be it fun
enjoy the video at the end of this high
five
all right can I guess face I stressed
with that up oh sorry yeah right click
here everyone to enjoy all the stupidity
craziness and just all-around
don't even know what the heck I made
video called space cat go check it out
and welcome to my mind as you guys
already know I make skits that make me
laugh and chuckle and probably don't
make sense to a lot of people but the
few people that do get it you guys are
amazing and I know all of you guys are
amazing so go check it out click right
here
all hail space cat I'll see you guys
tomorrow there's others kids too guys
goodnight
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
with trippy Harry
