best vlog intro ever a banana a day
keeps the zombies away maybe it is
straight up morning it is nine o'clock I
woke up at 7:30 like totally pumped I
I'm just this I don't know what it is it
might be the medication because it you
know I had to wake up every early like
for the past two weeks wake up early
anyway I am all over the place we are
off to go see dot to have and Lauren
cross on the half marathon and do I get
the award for the most dramatic intro
ever Anna vlog ever I feel like I kind
of did that the reason why I did this
yesterday this is kinda one of those
things where it's like does like reality
what is it like this comedy mimic
reality of his reality mimicking comedy
because if you guys didn't know we have
on the Charles Trippy channel we have a
skit called doctor zombie basically is a
brain surgeon a failed surgery ferrell
doctor year ago what was in February it
was like February or March of last year
or something like that
we didn't Sambi brain surgery where uh
dr. zombie did brain surgery on me I
thought I'd be the perfect little homage
for two reasons one if you've never seen
the doctors on base series I'll put a
link in the video description please go
check out because I got I had brain
surgery and I'm a little pissed that dr.
zombie night you didn't fix it earlier
and
you just made it worse and on top of
that finally like I was saying space cat
is now live on the Charles Trippy
channel because it's Monday right Sunday
Monday so we have two skits we have two
skits the brand-new skit I finally got
space cat uploaded so I really really
really really would love you guys to go
check that out it's basically our new
religion called space cat and I think
you guys might enjoy it because it's a
friendly religion with cute little
kittens everywhere today is a bonus
video extravaganza insanity a lot of
title schools at the end of this video
I'll put a bunch of nice little menu
system so you can check out episode one
a doctor zombie and doctor zombie zombie
- when I got brain surgery as well as
the brand new skin of space cat I would
really like you guys check it out I know
it took a long time it was only because
you can only you can only harness space
cat just a little bit you don't mean you
have to do a little bit whoo
this is like the most awesome like our
you know into a vlog at 9:00 in the
clock at 9 o'clock in the morning then
that we've had an older time today's
gonna be a crazy day yes you got you got
your video log on get your video log on
hmm ready for it all right
there's some of them finishing you guys
remember doing this last year I love all
data's closer oh that's so cool this
feels like deja vu oh my gosh
look at that it's a little kid oh my
gosh pull the car I feel like I need to
at least do one mile there's a caveman
see the caveman up here he hears
supersonic hearing
okay what time she boosting yeah she's
so bad bad much faster than she thought
she's gonna run that's awesome
forty to fifty two and I just say I'm
really glad that my mom across the
finish line while LMFAO is playing this
is like one of her favorite songs I was
helping her with her little playlist and
this is a song that she wanted on yeah
you beat your time right yeah I don't
even have a watch but I started five
minutes after her earlier life take five
minutes off yeah yeah he has on tiny
little baby shoes on the bottom of his
still get up Ellie cool
you
they're trying to make it better I think
eggs toast and bacon I think that's
that's how you start the morning right
hey hey guys hey guys do you like your
eggs runny zombie hey what does this
remind you of
do you remember ecto cooler you don't
know do you remember you know actor core
oh my god no cooler it was like it was
like Slimer oh my god please the
terrible terrible family they made these
these like Ben oh my god give one for me
well I got my dessert you got yours
sounds good
don't you throw it let me try it
holy crap give is the dog alright there
you go enjoy delicious sounding Marley
is just hanging out while I'm editing
this relaxing everyone just relax right
now this is Ali trying to play darts
attempting
nevermind excuse me you're just standing
the no no no no no no no no yeah you're
soaked
I got ninon and no no no no she thinks
it's a game called get around mommy I
gotta get you a towel first you are
soaking wet
well it's raining I wanted a bath it's
easier this way you see those big bad
ducks you're gonna get him you're gonna
get those big bad ducks I tell my plants
out I'm like you know what sample
opportunity to get some fresh water no
it's perfect I just kicked over a cup of
water
mom it's con tape guys love that noise
it's floating
you're walking on water the Copa thetic
this looks I just want to go to the park
mechanic cause it's raining so it's a
look out the window all sad and this is
just on the other side it's like what
don't film this this is embarrassing it
is time I think I need to get a new belt
I don't know if everything yesterday in
the we were doing the the vlog when we
hold it strained yeah look at that yeah
it's so weird the truck see steroids
whatever look at this my waist right now
my waist is like I've lost so much like
more more hair on my beard then on my
actual head so I need to get a new belt
my pants are falling off my bike
basically I look like I look like a
gangster I'm absent stare peanut gallery
over there it's actually pretty
interesting because my head gets colder
quicker because last night I woke up
like freezing and I'm like why is it so
cool that was kind of why I did the
intro to today I could I thought was
kind of funny don't freak out I'm going
to perform brain surgery now
there you go and it's for you I thought
this was Ali's stuff I'm like what is
this and it's like double XL maybe just
leave a purse it fits wait no but
seriously thank what's going on hey when
we met him why are you limping come on
over here why are you limping
come on so what you do your foot huh
what do you do to your foot when did
this happen
doing a live show and it just went crazy
and I didn't I wasn't ready for it okay
two things guys we apparently got CTFxC
live Eric's okay focus
we got CTFxC live trending worldwide
right now okay and I think we just
killed the website we're gonna have to
do these live shows more often I think
but yeah Wow
you guys I don't think the chatroom is
broken right now I just want to say you
guys are amazing you know we'll do it
again but that is crazy
help me arrow frog don't eat them come
on little frog trying to help me you got
a workout you got a workout
gonna work out that's your workout go
get it
okay go work out this is amazing
cheese it's in this up it's all healthy
I swear it's healthy I can't remember
the last time I did this cap there we go
chocolate milk
I was reading in the comments and you
guys came up with a really really
awesome idea since we're like a be
waiting for my freaking cue ball to be
growing in I'm gonna take a photo every
single day until my hair is not maybe
not like super long but like back to
kind of like where it was I'll make a
video we're gonna start it today and
every single day I'm gonna take a photo
and make our montage thing it's another
excuse to do another product you guys
know I like little projects and stuff
like that so we're gonna start that that
was a good idea but you people had that
idea so that yourself okay so finally
just putting the finishing touches on
space cat I'll have a link at the end of
the video I really fun for you guys to
see this it's so goofy it's funny and
it's even cooler because I got hunter
from AFI is actually in it so look he's
bald too we're both bald buddies scar
though I got the staples I'm just trying
to get the finishing touches for this
all taken care of
I hope you guys like it take it for what
it is for goofiness I'm gonna pass out
I'm starting to feel a little bit tired
and try to get back get I want to catch
up on a little bit more sleep you know
Monday um it'll be about a week since we
actually had so week a week that's crazy
you guys are gonna have a lot of video
goodness today it would we shot this
with a 5d and the 70 how hard it was to
make it look like a VHS tape that was
the hardest thing so make sure to check
out the video you can click right here
and it'll take you right over to the
Charles Trippy channel and then after
that I'll have the doctor zombie where I
had the brain surgery about a year ago
by a zombie and some other skits and all
that fun stuff so make sure please check
it out guys I know it took a long time
but it finally got out there we finally
got all the music and just things
started calming down you know I love the
touring and stuff like that so finally
got it up hope you guys enjoy it I'll
stop talking about it and I hope you
guys had a great day and I will see you
tomorrow and I guess bye
wait
yes
with trippy
would be an ally don't forget
