oh that's under the guy farted yeah just
you come looking guys it comes our RV
today starts the day of the trip yes
ready and no alleys ready she is baby
worried I call it to the queue it's
supposed to be cool back and never got
to see the queue before we start the
entire trip I have to really honestly
say this not happen at all without
Lazydays RV and rentals because we
honestly thought we had to buy an RV to
do this but apparently you can rent rvs
and if you ever need one in Florida I
think they have a couple locations check
out Lazydays trust me there are amazing
people they are very affordable very
awesome easy to work with helm we set
you yeah it's kind of like a learning
thing for us but I feel like it's kind
of a learning thing for a lot of you
guys who might want to you know take a
road trip and kind of do something like
that but you don't want to spend a
hundred thousand dollars an RV nowadays
you don't have to do that so this is
what's kind of cool about this whole
situation unlock it there now we're
going now we're cooking with grease I
don't know why you even cook what we're
cooking with us all of our linens
everything we're all back there we'll
check out where we're going to be you
guys ready for the next two two and a
half weeks 16 days 16 days of vlogs on
the road now we wanted to drive first
going back to house loading up the RV
north we don't know where we're heading
we're driving really how we're going to
do this trip we arrive and see where we
end up Oh might be I noticed a plan kind
of headed an anomaly ID and I
the big surprise
unfortunately I completely forgot to
pick up a prescription so I have to run
so I set the time-lapse up so Ali is
kind of setting up everything so I got
to go pick this up and then I got a run
back and upload the vlog tack the dogs
up pack the rest of it everything and we
head out
except I'm very excited Lazydays again
probably going to hear it a couple times
guys in these vlogs for next couple
weeks but they truly hooked us up
this has been a dream of Ali's and for
it to actually happen is unbelievable
she's extensions like a little little
kid she's like the whole time holds you
like bouncing up and down like so
excited did you like it ride near house
you like it
you excited when I brought him up to
like the steps to come in walk up into
the RV he was a little bit freaked out a
little apprehensive but as soon as he
saw me walk in he's a good sign it's
totally cool I could totally do this
and now come here what do you think bud
I can I can handles I I don't think so
off the bed no no no no no come on jump
hop on in check it out Oh
and this year spot you claimed it hey
don't do dad this house Finley was this
investigating everything okay so that's
what's gonna be happening a lot of
hopping around yeah stop none of you
we're not going to be doing that yes
they have to check it all out gonna be
fun
what are you doing you guys going to
travel more than most people so it's
like I want to go home got the fire
stick going for the bed good reason why
we got that is that what you can switch
it from TV to TV thing to go up here yet
let me get up here please jump I can't
get up here area it's actually gonna
comfortable up here yeah
yeah or if you pissed me off on this
thing you sleep here all right you got
to wrap things up and you want to get
out of here soon so before we have no
idea where we're going I figured I
probably should walk these guys before
we go on a new home for a while
excited I know I keep saying hey I know
how to keep saying that but we're really
excited we honestly didn't think we're
gonna be able to get to go on our
honeymoon for a long time so I am so
happy that this all worked out and that
we're able to do this because something
Ali's wanted to do forever and the fact
that for her honeymoon our honeymoon
were able to give her something that
she's always wanted and I think that's
like the greatest gift ever
I'm so appreciative and I'm so excited
to start this adventure last thing think
we got everything you guys ready to go
travel the country all right time to go
just before the rain - you guys ready to
go
that's Christmas here we go back up mark
cut-out coming in just like on tour is
gonna be weird for you very second slide
out coming in up door opened up that's
right I forgot on the tour bus they have
to do that too
okay yeah
all right flatout sin are you going to
be the copilot bro
almost without you guys how to do that
nice little cinematic like we're leaving
just shot we didn't know and we're off
all dogs are finding their spots all the
links insider lost everything I'm
talking about like I know it like it is
yes I only open one thing we're good the
trip has officially begun
I look out for Al there Ollie went in to
run to get a couple last-minute things
and I decided to come back here and hang
out with though and watch some TV or
some Netflix or Hulu whoever the heck I
am fine price instances before like
kidding that your spot Marv already
establishing clock this might be the
cutest thing I've ever seen in my entire
life
Bernie puffs all in the front he thinks
the deuce is happening this is not
happening
definitely not when I'm driving love it
right now you can all research we're
realizing as we are heading out for the
trip there's like a lot of strange
things that we forgot to get for
instance while we're driving we wanted
to tell someone who's on our phone and
we've got our artillery board we're
trying to get fresh water like as in
water gallons of water for the dogs
instead of using the water off of crv we
got that - what else will we forget deep
oh for goodness sakes are you area like
it's those cute the other Brabant one of
things we definitely forgot I notice I
had to bring my comforter so a hole put
a hole in it already okay because you
want to know why cos we're going on a
great trip in a semi Sun we're still
trying to get out of order we are
literally probably three hours five form
know we're probably five hours past when
we actually wanted to leave but that's
okay
so things happen not going to deter us
have an amazing trip first objective is
to get out of Florida in get out of
Florida quickly a spot a little detour
when we are good now to figure out we
auxilary cable so we have music
everyone's got their allocated spots now
get it allocated
get ready for me
I need to get checked at the plane she
begins I met her given that you bring it
so we're not really sure where exactly
we're heading it was a Hershey kids
wrapper
again if you kick it 75 we're just going
to go in or key I want to like you take
ten we're going to be plugging the
entire episode I wonder 875 oh I forgot
the super tripod for this thing so this
might be sliding around a lot off are
you drinking a puppet II know of jeana's
all the way around a little bit
he's doing really well back there I
think you see if you like
yeah farmer Mr Le's when I laughed the
whole time we have a hashtag on twitter
: called road tripping
hashtag ro ad in my last name CRI PBY
one word CBS has any existence tell us
in the comments here or use the hashtag
war on Twitter use the hashtag move in
here there's no clue stop the army it
goes for you too
get a few - Patrick
I feel like one basically
and it's like
if you catch us
again
a billion hours
before yeah I mean yeah I feel a
difference how is the most of it crazy
trash
how you leaving now
okay am i boring she just left me with
some Marley hair just a couple thank you
appreciate it
first stop on the road trip it's none
other than arrest stuff alright we have
a bathroom here I don't wanna go over
there yeah but you know I haven't used
our bathroom and the reason I haven't
used our bathroom is because get back
please sit back please
should I go over there it's not that I
figured for a sir
maybe well you can go pee out when we're
out in nature we're still kind of not at
all
hi guys what we decided to do with the
giant bed it is that way they can kind
of chill a bit more but of course no III
moto rebel down there
watch her hand she's like doing it like
it's almost like a cartoon you know like
when you just saw let's on say that's
out the RV's drive
you're like my boobies we're going
swimming fast but just I just keep
watching Ali's like hands on the wheel
that's how much a move kind of crazy
your bicep is going to be huge by the
time I'm in your forearm is a workout
our first official fill out miles there
we go a new year will I have to hide
which is just the wind
to keep I can play a game in the
comments right now pause the video let's
see how much money it's going to cost
the fill the tank up and how Magali I'm
going to say I get over here tied a
little bit I'm going to think it's going
to cost us about a hundred and fifty
dollars to fill up and it's going to be
40 gallons that's my guess
I have no idea that's why way too much
fun is Sam seriously
I was so close to 40 gallon way off from
the cost though that's actually not that
much money for filling up an RD with a
generator everything so close I forgot
to get a adapter for the computer so
when I edit the thing doesn't actually
die as I get some biker gear I should
get this becomes perfect a what okay you
don't like my do-rag and you look skinny
yeah yeah I figured I needed something
American for this trip American and
we're officially leaving Florida
the Florida so what we're trying to do
is just find something right now so
we're being the cliche people with the
giant map stapler thank you
how you doing over the map basically I
think the first one we want to go see is
Roswell New Mexico
let's go to Arkansas I just kind of I
want to I want to see Roswell so that I
know it's gonna probably be really scary
really really lame but turn it out
please go all the way to Atlanta once we
hit Elena go to the 20 jump on the 78th
10th Memphis to take back roads to get
to Ross
yeah I'll get that highway now we're
going to try to hit Colorado then New
Mexico then Arizona than Utah then
California so we're trying to make a
little bit more sense so I think we're
going to go to Great Sand Dunes that
once we actually get radio now we can
separate over a while ruined is like
Gary freaking highway rat whether it's
no life I decided that I essentially
watch
way too many catch the walk Asheville
Highway this look on the map for a
national highway well by the way it
fitted back to Florida tooth we left
Florida and then we were driving and
islands really cracking up because we're
welcome to Florida so we like right back
the full person here we don't want to
just can't pray over here this we're
over pull over and just can't marley it
looks stuck she just pulled into a hole
now some truck stop and we're just going
to call it a night that way we can wake
up like super early thing like 5:00 in
the morning we can finish right now
we're just outside of Florida I think so
we're making some so what you mean you
can't believe I bought a root beer well
just because I have root beer in there
for you
you can't have enough root beer honey
we're making some progress yes look at
that generator going alright bladder out
day one of the road trip good job in
we're still traveling we're going to be
doing a lot of that don't forget to
subscribe guys as we continue this
adventure we're here for another 16 days
this is our home for 16 more days like I
said yesterday follow all the social
medias we've been posting a lot on
Instagram and snapchat today I will see
you guys tomorrow always please don't
forget to subscribe and all that fun
lovely stuff and we will see you
tomorrow
on the road
you
