boy punch buggy no punches back we are
here to pick up Lauren's the marathon
stuff Laurens gonna be the half marathon
again I know I figured I would but I
should take it out you know I shouldn't
do it this time maybe sit it out for
this time you know give it to the other
people I can't I can't win every single
time every year pretty
Wow looks like a Lorex tree I want one
of these in my house it's your number
there we go
and you're gonna finish number one right
okay how many how many does it happen
that's thirteen point five thirteen I
thought it was like two miles we got
yeah I don't know I'm just gonna run a
half-marathon it just sounds like
nothing at thirteen miles it's like I'll
get in my car I guess that's when it
starts 14 hours oh and this is a totally
random thing this is for the hardcore
CTFxC uh we're gonna do a random live
show today March 11th at 8 p.m. on you
now I was talking to Jesse and Jeana and
they were suggesting the website because
um we haven't done a live show and like
I have anything like a year it feels
like a while but we're gonna do a quick
live show I'll put the link down there
in the video description but it'll be 8
p.m. Eastern today March 11th depending
when you're watching the video if the
links not down there in the video
description
that means you missed it but just make
sure following me on Twitter you know at
Charles Trippy on Twitter and I'll keep
you guys updated and all that fun stuff
maybe I'll shave my head because I've
been really completely contemplating
just shaving my head everyone says to do
like a mohawk or whatever we're gonna do
a live show so make sure their links
down there in the video description if
it's not there you missed it but it will
be 8 p.m.
March 11th I don't know and then if you
guys like these and maybe we'll do more
because I think it'd be kind of fun you
know when we're on tour you know get the
whole band together do live shows every
once in a once a week or something like
that just to kind of bring them back
because we used to do a lot and I had a
lot of fun with them so live show guys I
will see you at the live show he's got a
hurt noggin too
also if you have any other like fun
little games we can start doing in live
shows let me know in the comments and
bring bring those ideas as well
okay we're pretty successful so dark art
looks good this is the most healthy I've
ever think you don't also because we
haven't made it to the other sections
yet we're still only behind us
whole Girl Scout cookie section we keep
some fold I mean I know I think you
could so cold please ask water but just
that's why they keep it cold in the
grocery store yeah freezing I'm starting
to remember why I always go grocery
shopping shopping I like 9 o'clock at
night there's nobody there I'm like
fighting right now this is my water
no this mine let's get some lemonade
since Molly destroyed my lemonade last
night look at this is all fruit this is
amazing paper soap I'm proud of myself
right now
got myself my shoulder don't mind if I
do right now myself in the shoulder Oh
poppy doctor coffee coffee coffee coffee
do you do you think Starbucks is hurting
because I haven't been able to buy
coffee in two and a half weeks
Starbucks is gonna go broke Oh Titanic
just in case you didn't see iceberg blue
or blue mint iceberg I feel like mr.
burns catsup catch him it's up like oh
that was weird I think I was exerting
myself too much I think I need to calm
down I was in Publix and I thought I
started getting really dizzy and I just
like walk literally okay be equivalent
okay do you remember the movie old
school when Will Ferrell just like gets
like tranquilized any like stiff arms
the little boy as he goes into the pool
that's what I felt like as I was trying
to leave public so I was getting kind of
dizzy I wanted just to get I just needed
to sit down and there's all the Girl
Scout cookie people and there was a girl
like selling cookies like would you like
some Girl Scout cookies and I almost
just went that would have been a story I
think between the steroids and then
whatever it is it's like it's like a
percocet tylenol thing just to like keep
the pressure in my head down just when
it combines it's just it's a weird
feeling you're like literally that
whoever that director was I can't
remember but that scene that was the
best way to describe it all right guys
you ready for the most critical test
you'll ever take in your life
I'm gonna make Ali take it alright ready
there we go I think that one's mine yeah
I thought I was really cute who's gonna
get it observe in I need it now
give it to me now Oh
kittycat oh don't leave all right bye
just showing off to you gotta get sour
food found is like a dog food for myself
actually hating hate me birds hate me
I've learned a bird forever never been
allowed to get one
apparently they live forever and they're
really really loud all the time that
sounds like me oh I'm spastic gotta get
them go me that or the Barrows and then
I'm gonna go mess with my brother cuz
you know what why not are you chasing
flies trying to get food you know eating
flies dude he's coming she's coming
hey Goku ped like a little black thing
just like that's what no this wasn't our
winning that was in our wedding
yeah oh that's okay pipe down not
Charles Trippy hey what this or do you
want dog food which do you want
oh oh yeah hey jumped in all over the
place clean it up this is the best part
about having a dog a hungry dog clean up
good girls clean it up make my life
easier
good job well no no now you're cheating
you're cheating you're cheating you're
cheating you're cheating all this has to
go back in these these are all the dog
pillows that's gonna be pretty rough get
it cuz wah wah barley so pathetic she's
gonna go I'm just gonna stay here to
wait for it much better is that wait
wait wait wait and there you go spoiled
dog there you go everyone happy now good
job so we decided to go mess with Justin
one more time there were 16 people 16
state Cheers
step two cut Charles hair Kim Hanul
pickled okra
it's probably like vacuum like we just
needed a man loosing it a man to do the
job weightless man what do you like to
be showed anymore pickling oh why is it
good that I would pay for a pickle or
okra but not believe so the game plan
tonight is to have everyone get drunk
this is it really that bad
oh you big baby
oh no it's like in eating a slug I guess
just take turns
shaving different things into my head my
hair is already out of control so I
figured this would be drunken haircut
session number one or not right oh it
does look like a slug go you don't
really have to keep it on III have a
pampered no ha my hair is already jacked
out photo doctor look at me you ready
hand wait don't cut that the power
button - that's what I was saying anyone
to do cuz it's gonna be too short it's
gonna attack you with an umbrella ladies
the dog livers my let you pay
maile to pay I think that you need to
keep these fades for at least so equines
me feel it doesn't feel weird it was
like when I was like 12 when I got a
haircut but sure
so we're doing a penis in my head right
now why not have you ever seen the movie
super bad looks very much like a penis
already yeah I can't draw a tank that
well this is this is what brings friends
together my hair I'll never be this
short again so like why would you
utilize it that's so what I go in for my
consultation and give the staple to
remove they're like what happened are
you trying to protect everybody from
messing with daddies yeah
sorry did the bomb that part no no no
we're getting way too specific Marley
you shouldn't be subjected to this CTFxC
alleys bitch that's it I now stun CTFxC
and I Katie oh my my my challenge other
youtubers to shave their names into the
back of their head I'm gonna I'm gonna
put this on Twitter prove this oh it's
great
no eat it I put the whole thing in your
mouth it's really sweet you
Slaney
it's slimy like that brief show - it's
gonna get better than this
everybody surprisingly good at doing
this though this is like the sketch we
all grew up in the ice ice baby we need
to look up vanilla ice and we have to do
some vanilla ice stuff we got to get
those lines right there you know land in
an out there nanana Nana Turtles 288
head of an 88 turtles in time I don't
even know how to prepare you for what's
happening here head Charles but it was
an idea hey right buddy's icing it over
other things so it's camping now if
you're like amazing what crap oh my god
just like stops right there why is my
house hair salon your head is the AT&T
logo how many bars do I have you got
full bars baby that has to kill vendor
to do it I think that's way too right
yeah there you go
look at that Wow
he's like you know like it's Bon Jovi ya
bunch oh yeah this may or may not be the
most absurd go be okay go you look like
you woke up in a ton of five-year-olds
went to town on your head with razors
party guys so I did it
are you ready for this are you ready I
just decided to shave the whole thing
just because I figured because I was
getting kind of worried because my hair
was getting kind of longer and greasy
and I didn't want it all to get like
kind of stuck into the you know the
staples I was basically I wanted to be I
want my staples heal perfectly you don't
I mean so you ready for this sorry - I
decided to just completely shave it all
right ready this is me crazy okay first
off I better get some major kudos points
on this for not only putting this
freaking penis in my head I CTFxC on the
back of my head in the night Katie you
guys who always said I should do it and
I did okay so ready for this okay ready
big reveal it's gonna be weird it's
gonna be part of better than the redhead
though when I had member when I had the
red streak already that was like a cue
ball so yeah like I said When in Rome
right When in Rome which if I get to go
ahead I can get on an airplane I could
be in Rome with we the Kings we can
finish this tour so that's my whole
thought process you know like my hair
was all goofed up anyway I looked really
weird with the Fifth Element thing I
figured this looks a little bit more
clean-cut it'll grow evenly and this is
pretty much the only time I'll ever
shave my head ever ever had the chance
to shave my head so I figured why not do
it right when we look back on these
vlogs we're gonna be like Charles with
red hair and then Charles with no hair
all right and also I bet I get a big
huge huge high-five on the count of
three is how we're gonna end the vlog
we're just gonna high-five the scream
don't break your screen for doing CTFxC
in my hair alright so I will see you
guys tomorrow hope you guys have as much
as fun as we did because why not
right just why not hair looks like crap
just shave it one two
three
Mircea taxi
with child tripping
be in a hurry
