good afternoon everyone I say afternoon
because I actually got to sleep until
the afternoon which is amazing who would
have thought you're sleeping at your own
house would be a lot better than at the
ICU
oh yeah so we've been kind of just
cleaning up the house as you can see
there's a whole bunch of stuff right
there we're trying to clean up because
we had some wonderful people visiting we
got some awesome balloons and some some
bamboo and some nice little things that
are torturing Zoey Marly right now they
want that squirrel they want that bee
they want those teddy bears don't ya as
you can tell I'm wearing a beanie I can
wear a beanie now so I don't go out and
like scare people my staple face which
by the way I forgot I did I tell you
guys it was 16 I think was 16 it was 15
and then they added that sixteenth one
when I was waking up I'm sorry I was on
some sort of painkiller so I don't
remember exactly what I was saying but
yes it has been so nice to be at home
just kind of relaxing hanging out with
these two twerps they haven't left my
side every time I would uh because
YouTube changed the whole layout of the
channel page so I've been having to like
revamp all the channel pages and stuff
kind of like it a little bit but I just
had to redesign everything so the dogs
have been like by my feet the entire
time as I'm trying to figure that out
which which after having brain surgery
and trying to think and try to figure
out coding it's it's kind of it's a
little more difficult than usual usual
usual usual well that's what we should
do today we should try to do all the
tongue twisters that I couldn't do and
all the things that I couldn't say like
for the past 27 years of my life and see
if I just got them all fixed you should
do that later
what are you doing rolling in poop
already yep welcome home dirty I'm with
a rolling poop for you did your mother
poop did you wanna poop yellow now okay
Oh gross it's how you can tell when
Marley needs to get a bath
that's how I can tell when you need a
bath - oh really dog yeah roll in that
dirt
yeah you better enjoy the bath Oh char I
just clean the co my god yep now she's
okay yeah you know what she has a pig
ladies and gentlemen the first dog pig
she's got a pigtail pig nose and she
likes Perlmutter yeah she's got offended
I kicked dirt on it cuz she didn't do it
herself
okay the daunting task of the obstacle
course ready mom I stopped me hey my my
mama good okay Miley come on this isn't
working
mama come on come here damn it let's go
come on let's go really you are such a
little dick
hey girl feel like doing it right now I
don't feel like doing right now I'm
feeling digging this hole what's that
mom I dig what's it what's that dig dig
digging there Diggy god she's not doing
anything else or she could just ignore
everything I'm doing you know a day in
the life of Marley hey he rinses bliss
come on why do you jump come on
okay Joe Riley she's like not even come
on jump
you know what fine I'll do it gay yeah
Oh Marley don't be mean so it so easily
that we that we that we really Oh yep
this is just embarrassing this is like
look at how I can't get my dogs to do
what I wanted to do that's gonna be
today's vlog how did you how not to get
your dog to listen because they're
completely ignoring me yes I've never
I've never seen Marley run after a dog
who's as fast as she is and that dog was
kicking her butt was awesome so I've
been reading the comments on yesterday's
vlog and I think this is what we're
gonna do guys I think this is about
depending what you guys say in the
comments today what we should do is get
everyone to come over just get
completely drunk and to shave I'm gonna
let everyone do the kids are always that
look like one time in your life where
you like you know you want to do
something to your hair but you just
don't have the guts right now my hair is
all goofed up anyway so I'm gonna get
everyone wasted and just like shave
random what would you shave in my head
but you Andrew would do a giant penis my
head
a fade like a vanilla is fate that could
be cool
what do you guys think should I just let
everyone get drunk and just shave random
things in my head and then to just shave
it off I think it might be kind of cool
and then maybe I'll just like either
like completely buzz it or do a mohawk
what do you guys think mohawk or buzz it
I've never had the guts to actually do
it and my hair is already halfway gone
so I don't know what do you think should
I do a buzz or a mohawk it's the
internet decide you guys decide
everything else we'll just like you guys
decide the gary oldman yeah we've gotta
get that white plastic thing all right
oh my god when you an Abercrombie model
like that books brothers uh-uh I am
where I am right now is that really how
you're gonna okay you do a tongue
twister I don't know I do we try 1,000
yeah I just did it once out 1,000 no no
no no you're right 1,000 1,000 okay okay
1,000 there you go once out one thought
okay revoke the high five yeah I want to
get it rewind what okay so obviously
this wasn't in my language section was
my okay what was some how was it though
she sells seashells she sells she she
sells seashells by the seashore I got
that one I could do that one do you know
what I do when I try to say that tongue
twister it sounds like the suction thing
at the dentist's office it's like Oh
your face it sucked in Peter Piper
picked a peck pepper Peter Piper picked
a peck well the thing is I'm not even
knowing we need to look these out
probably not only Miley what are you
doing you have a boyfriend up
boyfriend's running away you have a
boyfriend
she's a gleaming little mom you're
embarrassing me your bear anything maybe
the worst mom ever I'm gonna be like ooh
boo - can I talk to him what's his name
if I go out to dinner I'm gonna like tag
along and be the creepy mom who like
it's super attentive to that her kids
boyfriends and girlfriends
watch out future children watch out come
on mommy come on come on
okay there's nothing I can say they'll
make her come down here the dirt dang it
okay come on come on come on come on
come on down down come down
okay come on come on come on come on
let's go
jump jump jump jump good boy come on go
after brain surgery go - Oh Marley
everybody come on Kelly
don't miss it come here Riley oh you
missed it
Riley do you my last one you're such a
jerk you're not a good listener go to
China meet the guys and we the kings I
think they're in Portugal today go get
him go send them a message tell them
I'll be there soon all right guys so we
got some of the mess in the house
cleaned up it looks so much better now
you guys know how amazing it is just
come home to a clean house ah just so
good okay anyway rambling I just want to
say good night you guys
Charles has already passed out it's been
a long day he's doing really really well
recovering though we're so proud of him
everything looks great we're just
waiting on the pathology but I'm gonna
be very soon so exciting news and
hopefully he'll be able to get back on
the road soon and I think that Dani and
the guys are gonna be sending some more
clips from their adventures abroad so
we're looking forward to seeing all that
footage all right guys I'm gonna go to
sleep now good
wait
and worse yet
with trippy
we don't forget to eat
