so I just found out that Charles is
being discharged today and so I'm going
to get I'm going to go get daddy
Johanna go get daddy no not you okay oh
boy all right I just
I created a problem here anyway
Wolverine yes so I'm getting discharged
guys yay getting waxed before you leave
Finch
yeah she's helping me get waxed up you
got one more one more
I like how they dated it's like sell buy
uh-huh
better you than me this one's worse add
just cuz that one hasn't been used oh
look from this side he's normal I guess
this is gonna get kind of it's gonna be
a little gross but I look like a
baseball all right okay ready
Oh actually no I want to show him now
I'm gonna clean like I want to clean my
hair so okay so we're gonna we're gonna
clean but it just can't tell right now
yeah but the other side of your brain
really don't look like Gary Goldman v oh
it's momiji's awesome and I had like a
Henry Rollins of my Henry Rollins like a
baseball like a baseball not yet maybe
you like maybe if he needs a famous
baseball player they can sign inside of
it and I'll be like at all so much well
look at that there's like a light
beaming guy oh so you get to walk outfit
so I'm walking out now I have no
wheelchair or anything like that
it's so awesome I'm breaking a little
grating rules like it but you're not
breaking a sweat right
uh he's just walking around with a iced
coffee he's torturing me so check this
out guys wait what line is this the main
line out
this is what they had to put the thing
in and it's like bruising up a little
bit
a eyeliners it's one of the main artery
lines and it's bruising it that doesn't
hurt or anything it just looks kind of
crazy I just wanted to show you because
I always do the Bioshock thing kind of
looks like it now doesn't it
I have even me right now oh boy the
monsters don't bend down yep I told you
I was going to getting I can't oh boy
did my IV ha ha ha yeah me excuse me
that's really not your seat please
here's uh she's up here though okay
can't oh there we go
nice let's try not to scrape daddy's IVs
his IV holes is Eve cool everyone's good
alright are you jealous the second I got
home I'm like trying to make the most
epic like sandwich of all time right now
I'm just trying to think of everything I
could possibly put on this thing and
just make them but epic sandwich time so
I finally got LA help me get cleaned up
and stuff like that and I was I don't
want like I didn't want to freak
everyone out look because you know
there's staples in my head so this is
what it looks like it's not as creepy Z
because we got gum cleaner it's not as
creepy as it was my hair with all matted
and stuff uh alright so right is the
internet ready first so yeah that's
what's in my head right now I have I
have fifteen or sixteen staples when I
woke up this when I woke up they were
like oh you're you're good bleeder and
they were trying to figure out if they
should do another one
they had to come back every 10 20
minutes and keep pressing on it or do
another staple so he did another staple
so there's fifteen or sixteen staples
but here little yes is still there am i
yes is still there
good that would it all oh yeah so we
went into the the wrong side of the
brain but yeah so that's this is kind of
what it looks like it's is it kind of
freaky it's still it's honestly still
really good if I didn't want to creep
you guys out I wanted to like present my
three P's I'd like it's just kinda like
I can't believe that you're awake and
talking with that on your head it's
really kind of crazy to think about you
know what I mean like it and like uh I
think it's got to be the steroids
because like my beard group I had a
bushier beer than Shay like when I look
like shit was a year of shayloss we was
doing his beard and stuff like that like
my beard grew like that much in like 48
hours so I feel so much better but
anyway so that's what it looks like guys
and I feel so much better it's so much
cleaner you wake up in the a go we have
prayed on the wrong side we go hello you
want to go outside and hang out is that
what you want to do all right come on
dad
all right you just got your you got your
surgery now let's go let's go play and
hang out but yeah so that's what it
looks like at 50 when I say 15 or 16
right Bosse yeah like 15s so coffee you
were bossy all right come on it's been
48 hours let's freaking go so yeah I
don't I look like a baseball
oh man it's crazy I did the brain you
hanging out just hanging out keeping my
feet all nice and warm toasty I remember
I was talking about the evening I forgot
we had the toy look doesn't it look like
it
mmm oh my gosh oh my god it looks so
rough doesn't it doesn't hurt or
anything like that I just thought was
kind of funny I had to be super nerdy
and I actually had to go give a bang
just sucking actually for the first time
in my life actually looked like I'm in
Bioshock now for real raw anyway I feel
like I should take this time Ali's
passed out right now she's been so
amazed
last few days just making sure I'm calm
because like the medicine just bit has
been making me all really frantic and
stuff like that by the way doesn't this
like seriously ally right now cut to a
photo of I think is Gary Oldman from
Fifth Element
that's pretty much what's going on with
my face right now right now don't I look
like it but anyway so what's going on
ah because all right so the thing has
been removed from from my head obviously
and the surgeons were able to
successfully take it out like Ali said
so what's the end up happening now is
essentially the brain slug has been
terminated it is now out of my head but
what we have to do is we have to wait
for it to get all tested like send off
to the labs basically we have another
week to figure out why or what it is
where it came from why it exists um and
that's the the annoying part because you
have to just sit here you have to just
wait you know what I mean and you know
obviously if think positive and you know
hopefully it's nothing bad and like this
is this was it like you know like they
got rid of it my function in my arm I
could play bass so I was playing bass
for the past hour just you know
practicing because I want to get out
there I miss I miss playing you know
music and you know that's that's
something that I have to get I gotta get
back into and luckily you know there's
nothing wrong with my heart my motor
motor skills or anything I can save one
thousandth look at that then that was
the reason why I couldn't say 1000 well
George ah it wasn't in my language thing
so maybe that's why but uh no so like
that's pretty much what we have to do we
have to wait until like next Thursday or
Friday and that I guess we get the lab
results and figure out what the heck it
is so that's pretty much what's going on
just wanted to keep you guys in the loop
and stuff and you know I wanted to be
completely honest and open with you guys
because these these vlogs are does
that's why we did them we did this you
know not only to you know document our
life but it to share things with you
guys because for the things that I'm
going through right now and our families
going through you know ally us you know
we're going to through together there
are people that go through things that
are way way worse than what what I could
possibly be going through right now and
I just I just want to show that you know
you can be with the power of a
like the Internet the community and
stuff like that you can you can get
through it you want to mean like you can
you can come together and it's just an
amazing feeling and that's that's why I
really wanted to be completely open and
share this whole process it's been
obviously very difficult for me because
it's a very interesting thing you want
to mean to like have brain surgery
that's not something like you think
about I just want to that's why I want
to be completely honest with you as an
open and I just want to show you guys um
you know with the power of friends and
family and just just you know group
mentality you can you can just say
positive and just get through things you
know this for everything that you could
possibly think is like this is worst
thing in the world there are people
unfortunately go through things that are
worse and you know it kind of like shows
it collapse me to keeps like extremely
positive for this next week I'm just
gonna be thinking like what the heck you
know where did this super brain slug do
they like you know like like when uh
what was it Hermes in Futurama when he
goes and gets the brain slug and that's
how I got it I did i thes idaho was it
the blue field was it that stupid blue
field they just like him planted like a
brain slug in my head all right ho I'm
just kidding so yeah I mean that's
that's pretty much it guys and I'll keep
you guys informed and stuff like that
but for right now you know what I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna be happy that I'm
home right now relaxing and just get
back into things that's pretty much it
oh and I got good news finally I got an
email yesterday Mike Barnett the guy
does a lot of our composing for our
videos uh finally was able to get he was
been really busy on he's been doing
composing for actual movies he finally
did a finished space cat so I'm going to
upload this week finally the skit that
we did a long time ago I know it's been
a long time coming it's just you know a
lot of things have been happening you
know that was when I joined with the
Kings and it was just like a lot of
crazy stuff we got married so just like
it I haven't gotten able to get it so
make sure you go to youtube.com slash
our opee it's our skit channel and I'm
going to be uploading and hopefully
maybe that at the end of this
weekend or maybe Monday I just need to
put the the audio track and just you
know cut up a couple things but it has
actually hunter version of AFI is
actually in it as well so if you're not
subscribed go to youtube.com slash
Charles Trippy and subscribe to our skit
channel and that video will finally be
up I still think it's funny video just
because so weird and kooky and stuff
like that so that's that's huge positive
news I'm really pumped for that it was
really cool that uh hunter from AFI
actually agreed to be in the video so
yes finally those videos are here after
all all the craziness has finally calmed
down but yeah alright well I'm going to
go take a little nap I'm supposed to
take naps every once in a while so I
don't pass out probably a good thing so
I will I'll see you guys a bit you got
to put it right here okay don't pull too
hard you would not be right on my butt
okay he's always been so cute she keeps
bringing me this thing like all it's for
you and all that show yours yeah you
know you can really do a sixer bro
hundred-to-one
see what you did
it's coming over Yardley wait
hey where's easy a tuxedo
giddy with child trippy
with trip in Harry don't forget so
anymore
you
