so are you guys gonna be good and stay
with Grandma and Grandpa my mommy goes
to take care of daddy I don't know what
they're looking at but they want to go
outside so go for it
all right kitchen you're an evil cat go
right go go go go
whoa that's you Oh Mike really though
really oh okay really the hell I almost
stepped on you weirdo and they're
freaking insane that's a happy dog right
there
oh hi are you a new patient here yes
look at your old iPad bill I know well
I'm gonna go through actually it's me
announce today that what you're nerdy
about you guys are watching the live
blog right now so did they do like a
keynote or like a talk about it but you
just can't access it because you're not
going is that what it is no I mean cool
so we just watched somebody takes
pictures of types of what happen
ooh every time it comes up sure new it
looks greasy my hair looks yeah do I
look like Italian you know you look like
you look like alfalfa like so grocery
order started so but it that way orders
baby how's it feel like don't flog my
good bucket I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna I'm gonna follow you out I'm gonna
keep following you what are you doing
here but not in those sticky sucks
oh look oh listen Papa trip he's eyeing
those bad boys he wants a pair for
himself
it is cool they have the sticky on both
sides so it doesn't matter which all
you're gonna do is get brain surgery and
you get some awesomesauce right and this
haul your fancy Road it feels so weird
to be like cuz I've been on a like in
this chair for like an old man just
staring out the window like all day and
now I get to actually stand up so it's
like a treat happy birthday my birthday
I get to stand up show me how to fix
this because I don't know how to fix it
what's wrong are you carrying your EKG
gave me yeah what's wrong
it's I think the internet just blew up
so we need to I need to reset that so
help
take for Grad yeah we're walking all
that gourmet you have some Easy Mac you
know that's a man s submit was a minute
some cranberry juice coke I just uh I
just moved I'm trying to basically get
kicked out quicker so I've been mooning
Chipotle and all the restaurants out
there yeah I just put it on my Twitter
ladies and gentlemen my husband John I
mean he's the one mooning people how I
get out quicker so I was trying to do
that oh my god what are you doing oh my
god this hurts quicker so don't
you're almost there
it's too late pack it up open the flaps
flaps are open come on
flaps are up flaps are up are you
dancing maybe really funny if somebody's
like like coming out of this what if
someone's like down there eating and
their legs like they just they just go
that's it that's it doesn't matter
that's a matter that's just hanging out
there I'm gonna tell your dentist on you
it's been 48 hours since you brushed
your teeth
a realtor's old long he's been me like
relearning like basic things like
brushes teeth look I'm trying to walk
it's like one of those books Sally and
Jimmy are going on a walk and Sally and
Jimmy are cleaning their room we heard
there's like your brain you know I mean
yeah but I mean the good news is that
everything was fine you're able to move
yeah you're able to slap the bass right
away just on the best oh I need you
right now more than ever
time for a snacky-snack we are currently
at square one burgers
senex it outside is actually a beautiful
night tonight seems a little bit like
California to me actually never been Oh
what the what and the worst travel
whatever while you're gonna come with me
and we're gonna go yeah so I think
Charles is gonna be discharged tomorrow
fingers crossed he's doing really really
well he's walking around up and about
he's honestly like I can't even I don't
even know what what I would do if I were
in his position I would not be in such
good spirits I mean he is he's taken all
this really well he's you know just you
just raring to go so let's get back on
the road and
he hardly complains about anything I
mean he's really easy he's doing the
great and we're so proud of them
getting back on track really bad so you
just probably just trashed my oh come on
truck
okay ambulance go save someone whatever
could you pass the gas
oh look at y'all fancy he's only doing
half way like this drinking wine oh boy
like what is it crafts I miss that way
oh yeah can I just say that this day
will go down in history as the day I
look at look at the little there's a big
one and there's a little baby one on
that side
red velvet sundae world's greatest sir
that's the beef light coming into the
hospital
lay another room
and another
that's dairy are you seriously cutting
the world's tiniest pizza up with a
knife enough work you're not doing that
at all that's what you're seeing is not
real these are not the droids you're
looking for
is it going like this whenever Charles
thinks really hard about something or
he's concentrating he goes like this I
have to think harder now no you don't
you have to you don't have to think us
hard because you have more room that's
right my head looks more yeah you
actually I feel real good it's a framing
up real nice here also we definitely
just realized that you can see right
through those windows when the lights
are on in here and it's dark out so you
may or may not have been shown just junk
to everybody on the street no one saw me
tallywacker your wedding tech oh my what
exactly your meat and two veg alright
guys I decided to stay with Charles at
home like he was sleeping okay been
exhausted not really anywhere to sleep
press for a few hours and then fingers
crossed he discharged tomorrow
it's wait
were sexy
with trippy
ple don't forget Zoe Marley
