good morning so it begins guys is okay
so I'm not allowed to have water or food
or anything like midnight so the entire
time it's really really difficult not to
like it's like not to do that I just
have a like the nice little simple oh my
god my old my old that was like three
years ago hoody I had surgery when I was
like 15 or 14 that like literally the
second I went to go I was in my the garb
I was all ready to go I sipped a little
water they canceled the whole surgery so
I've been like freaking out like not
touching anything okay be good get some
sleep cuz it's like freakin 5:00 in the
morning and you already look like you're
are you sorry am i annoying you is it
too early you wanna go back to bed yeah
yeah it sounds good love you
alright so I'm gonna cut this much
apparently the surgeon said take my
right hand this is how much so this is
my challenge sunny and Skrillex
that I'm gonna have cooler hair when I'm
done with this so I'm just trying to
imagine that's a big chunk of hair I've
never shaved my head once so I might
have some sort of like map of her like a
treasure chest on my head with like
moles in front world that'd be amazing
this might be the best thing ever I
might have a treasure I might have a
joke up in Kevin Costner was at your
bedside he was like we gotta go you're
like we have to go we have to go now and
pee in his coffee cup I just sent the
sentence Hunter hunter Burgin of AFI
when I had surgery a long time ago on my
shoulder this is what I listened to to
get pumped up before it so I said it to
him again I was like dude I'm doing it
again got it thrown this is such a good
EP - I love this EP blue mr. clown
juggling pigs
oh yeah yeah okay looking sassy babe
like that he looks good also check out
my new ring not fancy
I got a thumb ring I'm so nineties right
now oh hey Baba trippy
how's it going more straight down guys
excited it's gonna be a big day it's
gonna be a rock star today
aw someone's little bit that's
irrelevant I'm gonna show him getting an
IV that's gross you don't want to say
that that's the Charles Trippy just does
not like face really look at that
beautiful come here over there I don't
know what they're running on that
Windows 98 feel the hydration it's
really is it is her coffee is it like
hot the coffee uid it's a coffee ivy so
good it's actually the IV drip is
actually one of these Starbucks via
instant packages so you're good to go
as you use me sir you're not allowed in
here O'Shea what's it
he's down like that me that here talking
run away whatever yeah I just have a
girlfriend
Starbucks aren't you supposed to be like
in a surgery they won't let me shade it
for beforehand see one I think they do
it anything anyone you have to pee yet
yeah it's so funny like I am you like
this he's got his boxers huh yeah she
was like adoption I was lame that option
give it up you guys thought you're gonna
get a free show and I was kicking you
though fancy leg pumps
I didn't am around right my mom put it
on backwards hit Mary Lou the Roman dick
okay
hey what's that it's on your forehead
this is this is a crucial thing yes so
shouldn't we do it could we put some
Rosetta Stone in there and some
Microsoft where some hard drives yes
quite the e collection going on up here
boy all right you're ready for yes NBA
Jam no he wasn't well wait is that a
secret stone we can't talk about that no
I was just telling me I'm going up to
shoot video with Charles Barkley Wow
I told him to tell them that I used to
always pick Charles Barkley over Michael
Jordan on the Sega Genesis and the NBA
Jam cuz he was gonna be sorry Jordan
sorry I'm J yo you just you gotta go
Charles and Charlie I mean he's always
on fire your name's twin alright baby
leave it yeah looks that is just
hilarious that's the new tattoo that
reminds me of like on Apollo 13 when he
like put that note over yes we don't
open this just a little room yeah yeah
tumors on this side I was asking for
rosetta stone
yeah can you you couldn't do it I can't
I can't install I think it's a piracy
Terms of Service yeah something like
that you're in over to us first that how
you feeling babe I'm feeling good
oh it was a lot faster me I don't know
maybe that bad sweet feeling it
how long does it usually take three
seconds surgery the surgery yeah I like
to say the second thing oh why don't you
come at the first I don't know what oh
wow yeah it kind of does have a little
tunnel vision you're feeling good baby
it's cold where we're going she's
definitely got the best end dress in my
opinion I don't know it's it's unique
for sure Breakfast Club baby best exit
ever - doing their dad are you looking
up eBay here on eBay
thanks for that thing about how your
automatic nice word in user name we want
to make sure you sign out make sure
people are buying stuff on your so this
is not negative oh I don't know what I
forgot my user
we're just waiting he's a little bored
that says all the information about you
know when he's in surgery where he is
his tracking number that was really
attractive so they just told us the
surgery got started at eight forty eight
forty am and that that's good because he
went in a little after 7:00 so the
mapping was finished
cuz they took an MRI and passed it all
out before they started so he's in there
I'm trying to Oh Percy oh this is such
an emotional device shape don't we gonna
go hang out with Charles Barkley huh
yeah you're just way too cool Charles is
in different states just keep it really
you know switch it up you never know
what Charles is gonna be right I think
that proves that I am a better friend to
Charles
here I think Sophie I think that means a
chasm Jason definitely loves you more
shark okay I'm staying come on
I know come on I'll cover the Nikkei we
just got out of that consult and he's
good
they finished just obviously I can't oh
it went away I was going to show you on
the stream he's purple in recovery so
we're waiting
Charles is um he's going to be in
recovery for an hour and then they're
gonna move him to the ICU and I think
wouldn't be able to go and see him you
know we don't know a whole lot right now
this is the first you know big hurdle
the surgery was a success and they think
they got all of it and they have sent it
off yeah test it out and do a bunch of
weird crap to it poke it and product for
sex
let's get you yeah let me see your
haircut you look so good baby this is
like all gone on my right side no you
got a your hair is purple on that side
purple they dyed it for you now they
didn't yeah you got a nice little uh
your yes is still there oh so you know
that's good they got the right side you
know this party shouldn't be scraping
yes off man you look good babe how you
feeling little groggy you feel like
somebody cut your head open I did
earlier yeah apparently she's wishing
that I have like really good like very
reasons of like okay it was that oh good
everywhere well that's good detail for
the audience yes it is for ever to hold
pressure on me really I was holding
hands with the gentleman for at least 40
minutes oh good good so this guy learned
a lot holy crap guys did you know that
Ted's brother ed is living in here we
don't
trying to think of how to say this I
don't think that people give enough
credit to doctors and nurses um I don't
know if they they probably hear it often
when there is a situation like this and
someone's ill and there's a surgery but
just anybody in the medical community
anybody who's a medical student or
anybody involved in any Hospital work or
volunteer work like you guys are heroes
you really are and it's just it's
amazing the work that you do every
single day I mean you say you saved my
husband's life and you'll go on to save
many more and I'm sure you save many
more before that so I mean a huge thank
you to the doctors and staff here at the
hospital
it's truly truly incredible that all of
these people have been there to support
us and yet one of the nurses got really
emotional and it was just it was so
beautiful everybody was so nice and I
just honestly you guys are freaking
heroes thank you so much for the work
you do every single day you save lives
you you give the gift of life back to
people when they feel like they don't
have a chance and it's it's truly truly
amazing and just the greatest thing to
witness I mean today has been
life-changing life-changing for me and
Charles and everybody you know I just
yeah okay I'm gonna order the care all
right so that's all I have to say to you
guys anybody who's the medic against my
shout out to the doctors and nurses of
America and all over the world you you
guys are heroes and and we love you and
thank you for your service this is so
awesome I didn't see this until just now
a little waiting and then Cassim oh I
just I just want to talk to you about my
dream last night
I Monica I'm laying on the couch and
even talking to you are away for us
maybe I need my own last night
I always think acute the doctors
floating upstream in a giant river of
kool-aid it was grape kool-aid which
must mean something I have not slept in
a really long time I'm sorry what's that
so they wouldn't do um the rosetta stone
but since I'm a fan of et et phone they
installed a finger light yeah I got a
finger light now so I can uh we can heal
everyone now with this finger the whoa
you're ridiculous give you a kiss mmm I
have you how you feeling baby um not bad
a little headache
Knutson is your throat okay Fran so much
here we're here like in this area yeah I
can imagine that hey guys so this is the
first clip uh with Mikey what I'm trying
to talk series I'm trying to vlog you
this being already very mean so I'm like
they got me a really nice room right
next to the window and so I was like I
have a really embarrassing question
however I've been peeing and like not
peeing all over the place not like well
you have a catheter like oh okay so I
don't even know where I was going with
that story they gave me some medicine by
the way but I thought it'd be really
funny if I started mooing everyone right
next to the restaurants out there I
don't know maybe when Ali leaves I'll
give him to some some little
rambunctious but uh yeah um certain
surgery one great I got this crazy one
horrific
and all the fun stuff oh and I
completely forgot to tell you guys I
just talked to the surgeons and Ally
just told me I have a titanium plate in
my head now like right there like a
little tiny plate so uh that's pretty
cool
I'm half cyborg guess my trainer
emili´s blingin I got to mother-effing
yogurt
Chloe nutshell oh what a feat in the cup
Peter Cup yeah uh so I I got dizzy
earlier and did I tell him I have a
metal plate
I think it did he'll I got dizzy earlier
so I mean I would be this exciting bit
of this leave his moustache so I've been
using the moustache thing Andrew told me
what to do like a little bit like a much
more like a dude laying down like all
over the place like you're having a
blast today okay so you gotta know
robots in disguise
can Taschen may have to be worn at all
times the ones head I come in she coming
in oh good edgert you comes in with a
sponge bat and you warned me about those
tell me what it is
oh my god adorable it's a shotgun it
looks sad is I'm gonna really wear this
tomorrow all throughout the hospital and
just walk around that's really kind of
funny actually it's a shirt helmet it's
so so totally awesome
goodnight sleepy brain head boy Fawcett
I just looked at the footage and I
realize how puffy I look he looked like
a ripe potato it's like a russet potato
yeah I got and I know we got a nice
little ready flush our asset this starts
and it started and I Idaho and I look
like a potato that's right like a hot
russet potato I'd marry you do I look
like a hot potato
I'd Miriam Miriam I'd marry my name is
call you married you know yeah we should
do that as we should be a plan
trashy slut pull up your shirt I finally
got the full my underwear back on it was
nice listen I was a triumph of modern
medicine getting your underwear on
peeing in a bed is like fighting every
natural thing in it like like half of
this Lagoon jar I don't show the
internet yet maybe I'll film it one day
but like it's I'm just sitting here like
people are walking by like look yes
we've got a little like open door right
there and I'm just like all right guys I
kept peeking in the corner like it's
like God yet everyone like when you pee
just like I don't know take your iphone
look at yourself and you're peeing
everyone's got a smirk on their face
when they pee things just like and
everyone knows you're peeing so it's
just like she's sitting there and just
like yep I'm peeing all right have some
rest baby yeah I'm gonna have to get
some sleep now time to get some rest
we watched future Ronald's I got so many
awesome drawings I'm gonna try to maybe
tomorrow I want to try to make a little
album so you guys can see all the
drawings set of the Futurama stuff I
don't have to let them like vote because
there's so many good one oh yeah all
right better get some rest all right
guys well successful surgery it's out of
my head they go send it off to get all
tested and all that stuff and then maybe
I'll send it back I'll blow it up but
give me an ET phone home
oh they moved it it's on my pinky
Internet
see what you did
it
hey where's easy a taxi
giddy with y'all trippin
we're photography and Ally
don't forget so anymore
you
you
this is that we are having daiquiris
with our friends hey I don't have any
liver
