oh hi how are you what's going on I get
a burglar in the house I got another
surprise guest and uh shake the bleep
you guys pop it out of everywhere died
system work actually couldn't pay rent
this month my house just kept moving in
all right so it's Shay's birthday and
we're all here to celebrate yeah he's on
his health kick right now two years ago
today I threw out their first birthday
and I caught him in the face so we
thought maybe it would be a good idea to
pie in the face again so he's currently
running right now on his little health
kit like ruthless saying and now he's
making some fresh whipped cream only the
bats for Shay fresh bacon and then we'll
pop him in the face
Mike and uh we're gonna do it some now
so when he's coming back from being all
sweaty and gross he doesn't have to take
14 showers I turned into a shave it wow
you're even doing it like a pie look at
that nope that's not for you no dogs
snow dogs yeah Walker the fridge now so
it keeps they just make videos they're
like who's that who's this famous guy
thank you wearing I want to run out the
other thing they do is my toilet
get your pyrin gotta celebrate where is
he he's doing push-ups oh my god get him
while he's working out don't shower go
doing most what are y'all here Oh Mike
Oh Mike
ty you can rub are you insane wait show
me your hair stand up this is like The
Little Mermaid which comes out of water
got his phone
last time with the magic totally like
put my head back like hit me right here
i hasta I'm coming in the pool that's
gonna be horrible was this watch
waterproof whoa get on I had to do it
thank you I had to do it I had to do it
that was why she's like three holiday
this Little Mermaid I like I couldn't
believe it worked out better
I was like a big thing of Jesus holy is
he really that she's I yeah whatever it
was he did a really nice huh yeah it
wasn't perfect it was like uh that was
like the most like it looks like so
planned like it almost probably seemed
like I purposely did that but I had no
idea so good
All Right girls clean up that boys clean
up ladies good job Brigid shades in the
cash bill he's playing for you at home
you can log on to our website evil yeah
go shake just coach a god the money grab
the money Schaefer
money would come oh yeah chair you
wearing the dick towel is my birthday
turn it over
you've got dog You cheeky bomb loca yeah
nice hi mom
your birthday waffle yeah this is my
birthday blueberry waffle it's a
blueberry valve but there do you need
any more whipped cream because yeah it
was pretty good
we're going to Beijing is that we're
going next time teen is in Beijing
birthday and 1 2014 5 years vloggers
longing to me I'd be good be good be
good ty Ali's making sure Qasim and che
enjoy their trip to Florida by taking
them so fair play with everything like
like this unifying man-sized order
submarine sandwich kids this is that we
are having Jack arranged with our
friends I don't have any lizards
where's I wanted to get over
I was like check out late at walk out
the bathroom oh yeah and I followed her
I did that followed her over as I look
over the boyfriend staring at me he's
coming over
yeah oh hey anyways hey guys
hey Serena push it through my forehead
and I pull out of the back of my neck
all right we've been doing amazing -
you're heavy
all you have to do can you give it to my
head you guys know break
fake fish on this Tim yeah but I was
filming you know I decided to take
everyone to the beautiful beach we had
to show off beautiful Siesta Key Beach
in this nice and I'm wearing my stupid I
left my ring my rainbow sandals on the
bus and scooter couldn't find him yet so
I have to get them you know when I meet
up with everyone after surgery do I have
to wear these socks it's good to like
the best soak it in
soak it in thank you for cleaning up the
beach Olli
why does it need fist-pumping over the
Mervan he's pretty buff you could do it
I love ocean tide wait hold on
injuring yourself in slow motion yeah do
you kick them lower mean attack even
though this is like nothing we got
Christmas get Christmas stuff over here
I asked for delicious Christmas stuff
oh it's good dry ass Turkey not you one
more I'm here for more good oh yeah
notorious thing as I had to figure it
out
just throw it on her so stick just came
by hey buddy I can't I can't I can't do
the snake symbol right now because look
at this who knows me so well just all
coconut water we wait the nitration dig
this one I gotta hide this from Shay
he's gonna drink it - it's like you told
me on your birthday thank you dude snake
no like you hang up at the cheeseburgers
like
you got a Sarasota one thank you alright
so this one picture book okay so it gets
read like headaches and when it's been
all the time reading or Dever oh yeah
you can point to things like dude hard
what you're gonna do with your make is
okay there we go
and I got you just want to keep you
magical oh very goodness thank you buddy
okay you could have you could have some
it's your birthday I mean after all it
is a perfect mr. Bergmann after all it
is James birthday and three years three
years long in vlogging three years what
3 years today I missed a few days
Charles is the river here is that a real
marathon runner when it comes bill on
three yeah
but three years pretty much everyday
right guys as he look at that yes thank
you this is sweet she's a look at
Shannon she's contemplating life just
staring at things what do you think
she's thinking about she sees things we
don't see I think she's still thing
about Windows we could now see oh that's
right happy birthday to you where you
had to cut it right there cuz you don't
have the copyrights my mom gave you
that's who's that Patrick yeah Patrick
heard please sit on my work made him a
birthday cake thank you guys
alrighty guys everyone just left I
probably should go to bed kind of
cleaning up right now it was awesome
ever having everyone over I am so happy
dashain Castle rainbow flower and we
were able to celebrate Shay's birthday
two years ago like I said we pied him
and we I was I woke up this morning I
was like we should pie che in the face
and I totally got him I was like was it
Little Mermaid type of thing right in
the face but uh yeah so it was it was
great to see everyone all my friends
ollie Andrew Rachel Jess every everyone
snake came over uh my parents Ali's
parents everyone just kind of hanging
out relaxed
my dad made amazing spaghetti it's like
my grandpa's recipe is amazing and Zooey
Marley was hanging out with her cousin
test and so it was nice relaxing day and
that's the other thing I'm really proud
proud of Shay like three years he's been
vlogging he started two months before we
started to see CTFxC vlogs and that's
crazy to think about like the time three
years ago
like when we were talking like Shay
called me it's like I want to start
doing daily videos you should try do
them and it took me like a month or so
to kind of get Ally on board and me on
board and we're like wait what does that
mean and it's like the greatest thing
that we've ever done like best decision
we pretty much ever ever made it all
lies okay with that yeah we gotta go to
bed um surgery's early in the morning
tomorrow uh party by the time bus you
guys wake up it'll be done and taken
care of and they'll do the stupid little
thing this little that's the other thing
I'm gonna try to make like a like a
Razzie or something like that or like
photo album all the drawings you guys
have been doing uh the guy's been doing
some pretty amazing like futuristic of
futuristic Futurama me and the jar type
of thing and I feel like I got to show
you guys some of these it's time to go
to bed tomorrow we're gonna get the
stupid little thing out of my head and
that way get back get back to normal
just stupid little alien on my head so I
will see you guys I will see you guys
tomorrow uh make sure to follow Allie
myself on Twitter I probably won't be
taught twittering what's going on Allie
might be able to keep you guys updated
if you want to let you know what's going
on but it'll be at the end of this vlog
you'll be able see that I'll be like the
first person ever to tweet while getting
like brain oh my god that that would be
amazing wouldn't it the diverse person
ever
Hogan it yeah so time to go to bed I
will see you guys tomorrow um thank you
guys so much for all the kind words
we're gonna we're gonna kick this thing
out my head and back to normal because
I'm frankly ready to be off these
steroids I'm done getting angry at ducks
and I'm ready to be back to normal with
my much family yeah snake at me that
isn't amazing awesome he's like when you
get better you can get more more
Starbucks gold snake
all right girls grateful bed yeah you
posing posing posing love you guys and I
will see you tomorrow good night get out
of him
get out of him good night guys see what
you did
we wait
hey where's ez at sexy
with y'all trippin
with just a canary
