Hey freakin smarty rickets rickets
breakdance you're getting kind of fat a
bluebird or this or yo so guys I got the
thinking and I was trying to think of
something really funny to get as a tack
once we get the stupid thing out of my
head and somebody suggested and I think
this is such a funny funny idea that I
get the brain slug from Futurama that I
was talking about the other day and we
get a tattooed on my arm but I was like
trying to think if I should just get the
brain slug or if I should get like my
face in a jar you know I can Futurama
they always have the guy's head in a jar
and then with the brain slug inside the
jar if there's somebody out there that
can do it like at reply it like actually
draw me in a jar like really good like
Futurama style kind of like this like
kind of like this like as an example
that's obviously not me but I don't know
something like that
I think that'd be really I don't know
just like one of those kind of tattoos
that would just always tell a story you
guys would be involved in and I would
laugh I would laugh my ass off all the
time every time I saw it so if you guys
were really good drawers and our to our
teeth let me know but I was thinking
maybe a brain slug I was thinking maybe
doing it out of my head but I mean once
my hair grows back after they you know
like like after they cut it a little bit
you won't be able to see it then it's
kind of pointless so I'm maybe putting
it on my arm would be better I don't
know first thing I should do after the
surgery on Tuesdays is get a tattoo also
the worst thing about medication all
these steroids is that I feel like a big
like steroid like Arnold Schwarzenegger
guy like my face just like feels like
coffee and like that's crazy like roid
rage that's like I always thought that
was like a like a myth like a roid rage
but all of a sudden I'll be like hanging
out with Zoey Marly and then I'll just
be like frickin jock and I want to punch
a duck in the head just because I got
angry at the duck for being a duck it's
weird weird just imagine that some guy
just walking and just like oh hi oh
you're so cute Oh screw you duck I'm
gonna punch you in the head
wait what are you eating
what are you eating you can't eat up
okay
that's inappropriate highly
inappropriate thank you stop don't
highly inappropriate then you're crazy
are you on road rage what is her deal
you need to get better and get out of
Daddy's head get out of Daddy's head I
should just let you do you belly get out
of his head
so while Charles is outside playing with
the dogs I have been selected for a
super secret SUV shampoo session because
our car smells like Zoe but I have a
cold right now
oh no colonel
smells pretty good
Oh
what are you doing now sit on your
Ghostbusters uh blanket there when does
it hang out yeah
such a weirdo you chills they're like
alright ready to go to the park let's go
guys come on I was gone at the little
dog and then you just a grump over here
what's the cotton ball it's a cotton
Charles do the trick
Judy you do the trick she I can usually
get it to do it but she's a she's not
too fond of it today oh wait you wanna
do the job okay cut jump jump that was
like the laziest Miley Miley Miley Jo
good job
Charles Charles Charles jump can't jump
too high
okay put down one good girl barely ready
jump just good girl come back my go jump
jump good girl
are you twirling baton again Melissa
when she was little actually could do
the baton twirling actually really well
you got to try to do a fancy trick an
illusion like David Copperfield I'm
probably ten years
oh wait you do really your signs are
getting old Charles angry I would smash
something without have the energy oh
good I could do that I wanted to go to
the Best Buy
this is the kind of that might be my
little toy store but ever got today
Sunday and everything closes at like
4:00 p.m. in America Whitney Houston
honestly don't check out this bathing
suit like what is that
1985 baby Team Jacob
oh wait that's not right Team Jacob
oh wait that's not right either so since
Best Buy was closed I dragged Charles in
target because I want to get a movie
although it seems kind of like
ridiculous now to get a movie what with
Netflix and everything but let's see
what's a listen when you shot it and
like that with a pianist never saw it
put - never saw practical magic that
movies scared me when I was a kid you
want you to show you how to be a little
Pele let's see your skills okay yeah I
mad skills
yup mad skills hey wait just toss it to
me under again wheeler duping contest go
can't do this
I'm scratching it that's what all men
here when women talk this is this is
realizing if you got Zoey this it would
last what 30 seconds way too far in
advance
we could have way too much more fun in
the story
it's like eventually fun's gonna stop
how much damage we can do 15 minutes
right first of all I'm taking this bear
by the face oh good this person you act
my bear
like here I'm gonna give it up oh boy
Hecky ass dude okay I mean today pretty
much was a dog vlog so I decided to you
know top it off with an extra dog vlog
you ready huh all right it's a very
critical decision who gets the line and
who gets the hippopotamus that was my
toe whoa
do you want the hippo I think you even
watch you watch all right you get the
hippo okay get whatever you want okay
but you don't even have it now you have
both of them how did that work out all
right guys so I'm starting to get my
medicine so I'm starting to kind of get
a little tired but so am I turned into a
li the rest of the vlog might be ally
but I just want to let you guys know on
our iPhone channel I uploaded a bonus
video just to kind of make it up for you
our buddy true to make true to mark made
a like little Falcon me Falcon punching
basically you can see right there it's
kind of crazy so I'll put the video the
link down there in the video description
below and you can go watch that that's
just kind of a as a bonus video for you
guys for being so awesome you know if
you want a little bit of bonus goodness
iPhone goodness
okay I'll put it away okay we're looking
for a shake for 10 Carlton the 3rd 4th
5th I don't see him yet he might be here
somewhere
so I was seeing I went from California
to Florida Florida New York from New
York to Florida
it may not shine back right back up to
New York what yeah I have to go to New
York after this hi I have a secret
something that's happening there was
like right after the Anderson Cooper
thing there's another opportunity that
came up and they said you come back to
New York I was like no I was like house
like ok I'll come back ok so I'm meeting
KC actually be in case you're shooting
the video India what do you guys been
doing it's you guys Charlie's charlie
I'm taking the showers oh good I like
when he's clean when I kiss his snack
when I get there cuz he knows you
somebody kisses a neck it's like dude I
can just still see my lipstick from last
time it's a really big opportunity
this is weird it's like I'm supposed to
be colliding you're supposed to be
what's tall creepy anyway so I'm here
we're excited it's my birthday tomorrow
is celebrated holy crap should I say the
surprise about returning 21 21 I am 21
tomorrow I can't believe it finally can
we tell who's coming tomorrow - are you
editing yeah you sure tell them okay
castles coming give me a blood surprise
give me another one give you a good one
you said my second visa for breath you
want to show them everything secret you
want to have them keep coming back they
can't show it all on the first guy oh
you're a weiner size on I think that's a
little it's very important this is the
the second visa to get into Brazil they
actually approved yours
so is it free I think I'm gonna I think
I'll get back into Brazil
got abused go say oh my god my shake
see what you did
wait
worse
with children
with Dirty Harry
