that's what he sounds like
I loved this song when I was a kid
shouts him and I both this was like our
first like real rock song that way like
oh well this is so we were 12 when I
came out are you kidding me okay time
out I just got confused I was thinking
of sr-71 right now that song is totally
different this is so this is New Found
Glory just kidding no I mean I just I
just was so excited to hear this this
song came out when I was I think in
middle school
so a little later than that we'll little
newer than what I said they're both
still really old corny rock songs
whatever I think I need to get these
fixed
it's actually kind of like 3d glasses
because it's not really affecting my eye
unless they go like that
the mall on Saturday why are we doing
this I want to I want to get my brain
all be great all right yeah this is my
way to do it
all the smells and no oh you mean the
Apple store ah
that was gonna happen let's go here oh
my god we were just walking around and
it smells like waffles in here
waffles are like the greatest thing in
the world
they're the most evil thing in the
greatest thing in the world because they
smell things but oh I just want waffles
now so everyone it's you guys this is
the super cereal debate okay domestic
we're just were just talking about I
gotta figure out the perfect colander
yeah oh that one looks really good and I
don't think that one's even gonna fit on
your head though it might not have to
fit on his own for tomorrow it will be
soon all right
oh wait you're gonna it's like you're
getting lipo in your brain I'm gonna get
head reductions Oh beautiful that's kind
of funny it makes me think of Donald's
level he's like if you walk into Home
Depot and you're excited about it your
dreams have died well that's my life
okay and I like it it's IRL guys know oh
that one's open not allowed oh my god
I don't think these work on me
legitimately to show you how I feel
to show the difference between polarized
or not amazing I thought it was to show
you how Charles Trippy feels bear great
go overboard there mom we got a giant
mag instead of our normal small bag
we're just trying we just can't say no
we have a problem how do you have a
problem
whoa in that car and the one who in that
car I don't want to win that car did you
apply for any drawings try I already won
that are you on that take it oh I wanted
that one I was gonna name it smokey
Smokey Robinson go swimming go swimming
holder how much money do things in there
okay here goes I wonder how much money's
in there and I wonder how often and when
they collect it like I wonder if like a
dude has that job like you're the
wishing well collector right yes the
amount of jellybeans
did you get it right you did too
I'm sorry what was that ma'am ma'am
okay that jackets that then I'm a little
confused about what it's supposed to do
just like a windbreaker
mr.brother
I'll bring the concert to all my mom
still locked out fine but you can't play
I'll bring the show to you no killing no
I'm sorry babe
don't worry Internet I will be back on
the road saying hi to all of you very
very soon Tina visited come on although
she'd be so embarrassed of me right now
that's why your know how to drive she
wouldn't wreck with people it's like
know how distracted like how long has it
been since you've had Teddy Grahams
actually two weeks ago surprising that's
not surprising to me dudes on a bus they
probably do the same thing I just did
Jody got him yeah you broke my lemonade
Hey you broke my lemonade
you broke my lemonade huh we come in the
house and it's a little it's a little
late I know you guys should have eaten a
little earlier and immediately I have my
favorite lemonade Marley just knocks it
just breaks it all over the place did
she just flicked me off and just walked
away that's what you did it was pretty
pretty rude it's pretty rude Marley
pretty rude yeah I don't even know if I
should give you guys all these dog
treats I just got yeah but Punk's all
right you're pretty cute I'll give you
some it's so weird like every single day
around the same time for the past week
and a half since I've been on these like
basically it's like a steroid and
anti-seizure medicine and all that stuff
and what it is like in the morning it
that gets me kind of like pumped up and
then it makes me tired then I get pumped
up again and gets hired I get so
confused like I got like the other day I
was trying to explain it I have no idea
what time it is kind of thing is really
weird but I mean it's keeping my brain
functioning so that's pretty good so
right now I'm like in the midst of like
trying to get hyper again and just
trying to stay awake
Tuesday can't come sooner - a couple
more days guys then I'll have this
little brain slug out of my head all
right full cookie jar it's pretty dance
breakdance pricketts that wasn't a
breakdance
good catch now that's a healthy sandwich
mmm for growing boys and starving my
release
hey Marley you want this to leave so I
guess all you did no I'm not gonna eat
there's a leaf what are you doing trying
to get this stupid thing to work stupid
what thing oh whoa almost dropped him
tonight we were going to rent the rum
diaries but we didn't end up getting it
I don't really know why we didn't I
guess we just were ladies you didn't
want to drive to get it but if you guys
have seen it let us know in the comments
if it's good or not so we can decide
tomorrow
I don't want to get there not if we if
we can make it
he's crazy we get mad what he's talking
about
hey why it's so crazy and he's passed
out so good no to the audience
so you know it's all dark you can't see
you say good night Charles but good
night good night guys
yes
with y'all trippin
Nellie
