jharvard sanity ready we're we're not
making hair do it we asked Eric if you
like to do it and he said yes I'm
excited
it's your favorite day today right now
cardio power I love this one she hates
this one but she pushed me through piyo
yesterday so we're gonna bring it for
you've done Danny brought all the toys
ready or toys for you guys oh my god get
him I open them up you could all have
one everyone just lounging out here just
hanging out lounging everyone's is
lounging is that your new bathing suit
how can I show you this without doing
something awful there's two colors I can
wear blue or pink or pink of blue so
buddy option pink or blue what are you
eating yeah did you tell the internet
you puke last night huh
Zoey get a Zoey get it going get her so
hard
it's gotta go I just gotta come out
sometime she just dumped water and we
were just discussing when you're in a
bathing suit and you open up a water
fight and there's a pool
it's totally accepted to get throw in
the pool Christine backed it up what are
you doing let me in a mega throw you in
the pool I promise
oh my gosh look at your face wait wait
back up a little bit back back yeah
oh my god hey snake random scene you
make just witnessed a a bank robbery
some June against Ryan or did actually
rob bank of America got in his truck and
then left the story with snake is
another one no way wow so one of his
ditch working out what you do hey you
look so awesome
yeah go out the door it's okay
that's what I just skip the working out
and just just go right to the food yeah
oh yeah this is amazing
all right I'm gonna probably sound
really really stupid but for the longest
time like you thinking like the Old West
like with like oh would you like a
sarsaparilla would you like a
sarsaparilla you know the guy's big but
like like Chuck Norris would come
through the thing
do you know sarsaparilla was just root
beer that's all it is they just wanted a
root beer now you know those big tough
guys just wanted a root beer there's a
tasty little delectable root beer so
this is where all the beanie babies go I
still have something my balls oh my god
the lobster I remember when these things
were like worth like so much money
people go great the moose I had this one
oh and then the beanie babies from the
McDonald's
what is that bread I decided to go and
get my since I had to bring burly
mustache and the beard I thought you
know I could work the sarsaparilla
and that's a good sarsaparilla
the biker gang over there that is
awesome I use I remember like taking my
grandma's three world trike bike it was
like the coolest thing in the world
there's one right there are you just
handing out pie she's bored visiting yes
really
dad come on what are you doing don't
throw meal since why did you you don't
feel well
all right I'll film you Shepherd school
that's Marley coughing down there chug
chug chug chug chug going bowling
bowling
so we want sugar tattoos and this is
where you get your right she wants this
and not this did you tell them how your
your theory for the Star Wars well if
you are really happy or considering
having it right now
you should have one now
why and we're gonna bypass all the bad
Star Wars yeah great into the good one
Star Wars Episode one is coming out this
year in three years none of us were at
the right age to watch so that's true so
some kid walks up to me he's like you
look you look Chinese no it was a woman
you look like you're really excited
about no no no you pull out the sword
samurai sword so you look like a dead
man Thursday oh that is that is a sexy
face right that's like so yellow fifty
cents well-spent
yeah right there right there right there
alright alright don't want this is like
the saddest like really what are you
with in a laser pointer
I had a wallet our glow stick
girls like boys we're winning so much it
really should affect them shooting bad
but I get it
good lord that is like that is 17 oh my
god oh my god human take it so I'm gonna
be going to bed I'm gonna edit controls
we'll just leave he was really tired so
I'm gonna edit for him that's right
so he's gonna left I'm not worried about
it I think Shea might be coming back
tomorrow Christina nerrit naturally
which is a bummer because we've really
enjoyed having them it's been so cool
having people trying to come and go it's
like you know I started like a million
times but like you guys have been like
overwhelmingly supportive of everything
that's going on with Charles and you
know the family and you know it's just
really really cool and then we have you
know our good friends showing up and
helping out and it's just it's like an
immensely positively emotional time so
we really appreciate all that and maybe
want some other surprise guests we'll
see we'll let you know and keep you guys
posted on everything that we find out
and we're you know looking forward to
really positive positive outcome so
surgery is getting closer it's gonna be
good though not worried about it so yeah
that's it hopefully she will come back
tomorrow it was really cool to see them
doing their thing with Anderson Cooper
that was so awesome
and we'll see you guys tomorrow that's
it for tonight good night love you guys
yes
with trippy
with Gianelli don't forget
