good morning guys
time to go home because like that view
x2 my hat that's actually pretty lucky
you make everyone else had these like
building views first time I've ever
actually had a nice view early right now
I'm trying to get up a little bit
earlier on just so I can get home but on
a different flight to Chicago traffic
it's fun and Chicago hammer stuck
what
oh that's inappropriate nothing left to
say and left it's a really oh not an
appropriate and not appropriate are you
so excited about tomorrow now no listen
listen listen listen listen listen no
inappropriate are you excited about
tomorrow
are you yes we go hiking tell me okay
thank you you're so sweet you're so
sweet
better remember to bring a few toys for
you guys so that you stay preoccupied I
hear I know
3x I bring Kelso until 7:00 power went
out again
I'm so sorry leaving tomorrow Rene and I
just got to Atlanta and I wanted to show
you guys that showed you guys it's hard
for a couple years now Atlanta still has
no roof they're still what one day they
will get it
this is the left leg he's going home to
Norman right Alan
and I'm going home and packing for the
RV trip
luckily Nate already done one of these
before so we put in a bunch of these
place maps and suggestions that way
we're not completely lost was that your
like tonight that happening anyway
that's the whole point of the adventure
laughter it into that be it like this
holding good giggles a whack right there
like that
we're not hurt
hello
so immediately came home so sleep just
now woke up and I'm going to go meet up
with Ali because she need to get some
clothes some hiking clothes and all that
stuff and just some clothes for the trip
because she's kind of running out and I
don't have any so I party she goes get
it too because somebody said that it's
actually going to be kind of cold where
we're going so we'll see oh you have a
hole in shirt I have to target Hey okay
your shorts stupid good Christ is the
Internet I can't I have both a little
bit and I get away just passing on my
shorts bitch if Carla finally feel dirty
it's a very interesting give me a little
spin I will but now okay bye that's what
I feel if I put my son down I like my
whole tour I put them on and it's like
Isaac and CeCe anyway you're first
Robert I learned that a long one that I
wear the wedding
I just don't worry I mean you talk about
mom but is there not me I feel like
tomboys I figured you tall - I can't
humble yourself yeah this is like not
Ali yes I know Alan goes burger good
lord what do you do
a lot of Aquash you may hear somebody
like making a little bit of a fuss over
there your vulture your vulture mark
obviously today is that a very chaotic
day we really didn't really get too much
filming until right now which is already
nighttime because I was gone and Ally
has been kind of giving things together
she got all that stuff right there all
ready to go for tomorrow because I don't
always tell me we'll pick up the RV
we're going to try to go early so that
way we leave early that we using my
noggin no pun intended
Wow so today so tonight is just kind of
getting everything ready so so tomorrow
when we leave and the vlog takes a
little bit of a travel turn and we go on
our honeymoon slash RV trip and it's
going to be fun not only am I excited to
go just to go I haven't really had a
vacation I wasn't a work vacation and
probably twelve years because of doing
videos on YouTube eight years for sure
3000 days at least so this is I guess
this is technically kind of work but at
the same time it's not really go for
work but it it is work you don't have
the luxury like oh no do this you're
always on a schedule like itinerary this
one we're on our own itinerary our own
schedule so it's pretty do you want to
stay out here by yourself flood USA like
to going off gonna come let's go Andy
get in here
Indiana Jones this is also an amazing
recommendation from you guys I didn't
think about it since the dogs are
becoming with us they're going to be in
like wooded areas just hiking and stuff
I kidding this thing's give the dogs
that never really had sleeves like the
hem then on to the medication I think
the worst that ever had was when I was
living in Tallahassee and I would always
take them to Tom Brown park and just let
him run around
that's worse they got ahold of time like
constant area they got him all the time
because Marley would run around chase
squirrels and then Zoey was just kind of
mosey through bushes like she always
used to anyway long story short what was
going to say was I really appreciate you
guys reminding that and a first aid kit
so thank you for reminding us as a
simple we have one on the RV that's I'm
saying like that was a good thing and
then tick medicine so you take away
people on the key ally don't forget
Bukka price did it yeah we got bug spray
over there I think it's over there over
there and then we're going to bring our
little fly zapper can't bring it so that
we kind of fun
could it go like okay no taking great
you have to go walk around the Grand
Canyon just going like this looks like
you know like people like like was it
like like Africa or something like that
they have the the plot no no it's like a
brush and they go like that it's a hit
them all the time that's can be nuts to
that oh wait let's what we should do we
should like do a campaign and give
everyone water in the world and bug
zappers just seeing people zap and bugs
constantly Marlee be terrified
constantly wouldn't you we don't need
mascara I don't think mosquitoes sever
point do they I think they're right
I feel like them and cockroaches I don't
feel like they serve a purpose
think about how long they've been around
but we'll purpose other than do a plug
doing a service like I feel like
yeah but I didn't like they served no
like no oh I guess you know what animals
eat them maybe that's what it would be
for like birds and like reptiles eat
mosquitoes things like that maybe I
don't know this is all me guessing I
have no idea at the college education
but I don't know a lot yeah exactly
is it okay well it's 5:25 how would I
get a guy but I was landing on the
airplane I got a notification saying the
power went out and I was like oh great
I'm just going to hang out at the
airport a little longer house was still
hot by the time I got home a lot I like
everyone Michael caught me getting
polluted you know I know life on Linden
I was going to lick the dryer and I had
the coffee grinder off and then I knew
power generator turn on our neighbors I
remember yeah that's like dope injera
just realize it was trying to open this
link right text email I'm just gonna put
you guys down for something I have no
idea what the freaking pack for this
like I know I need hoodies what I really
I throw and I need drones drone
chargers I need those can't forget that
that would be very very upsetting I know
today was a little bit of an odd day
today a little short for a daily video
however we just I just came home and
fell asleep and then I realized I had
couldn't sleep anymore and I had to kind
of do a lot of stuff Ali did a
tremendous amount tomorrow morning what
we're going to do is we're going to wake
up really early in the morning go get
the RV I feel like if we go get the RV
and bring it here and slowly packet
versus trying to pack everything now and
then like getting on a plane because we
don't have to do that because we have a
moving house which is going to be
amazing I don't know I'm just looking
I'm still looking forward to this trip
it's going to be so much fun even if we
don't do anything which I know it's not
going to be a case I will be happy just
traveling around with the dogs of Ally
gonna be a bunch of fun vlogs that's for
sure because we have some cool things
thanks to you guys
that we plan on hitting up hopefully we
hit up as many as we possibly can if you
guys don't want to miss all this
adventure please don't forget to
subscribe click that little bell to get
some notifications if you're not already
make sure to follow us on all our social
media accounts you know it's a Graham
Twitter snapchat all that fun stuff so
that way you can see the stuff before
the vlog so I'm tripping on everything
get ready for some adventures so I will
see you guys tomorrow as always
you
