cause you didn't want to wear em cuz
your little poop now I got ya like then
I like that act I got even split the
camera yeah you like you got ya
wait my back pedal motion I got these
and then they ripped then your mother
got sick
yeah no shoes oh she got me bees
for Christmas which I use for the
wedding and then we have wedding shoes
that I have a young Warren you know you
have a pair of do you do whatever read
so the option is to use the good pair I
didn't know well we're going to the
doctor we're going to the - your
punishment yes today we are on the way
to do some of his pretty testing or
whatever these surgeries next Tuesday
and I guess they're just making sure
they don't know if they're going to need
to do a chest x-ray or an EKG or
anything like that but they're going to
just kind of make sure that he's good to
go I suppose because we live in Florida
and I have to go under anesthesia
obviously since they're cutting open up
the trapdoor in my head so they have to
make sure that when they cut the
trapdoor open that nothing else goes
wrong because it is my brain I think you
know we think about brain surgery or
like ouch but there actually aren't very
many things in your brain yeah so it's
like it's weird that it doesn't actually
hurt I asked him I want to ask him to
put bigger brain in
so maybe I'll have a bigger brain you
have a huge head so I have a huge ana
have enough space well once they take
that thing out have more space they
should just put more brain in it's like
it's like installing more memory on a
Mac I'm gonna put more RAM in pomorie
faster faster processor I need an altar
more volatile Ram yes and I was very
stressful have a stress test I did well
I think so good I was like administrate
at a hospital no wait what does that
mean you have an EKG I don't know
EKG is like a might require Graham it's
when they don't get your her the do do
yeah I don't think so okay I go fast
pray come on ela don't you always lost I
bet you gotta jump oh so I just got more
blood taken out they have to do all the
pre testing and stuff to make sure
everything was okay on Tuesday oh look
yeah now that's the number 5 no I
seriously I'm just like giving my blood
out does anyone want to so this is
definitely not right this is not right
is it when what's of my blood I'm just
giving it away lately it was like a lot
oh hey we have to return that Oh who's
calling you right now pick it up hey
buddy
oh hey hey hey hey hey Oh Tyson Tyson no
no no you're supposed to help us no no
you're not helping
that's not helping Tyson DICE's stop it
answer your phone here I'll bring an
inbound ring I got it who's over there
holy we got everybody
show your face oh okay it's just got
really emotional
what what are you doing
that is one horse horse horse lady one
single horsepower actually it's double
horsepower cuz they're two of them that
is just been Samar so that was it's not
weird to have horses like that's a
normal thing to ride horses but not in
this area that's or sure I worry your
grandkid where it sorta I first thought
I've ever been pranked her shock hikes
me you know it is my my show that's like
the honestly like Jesse and Jenner to be
pissed off Mac isn't trying why did the
yeah better to do like I was just there
you know but I know when you saw me
peeking through the door all I knew was
you right away
did you took a second to like I was like
wait what oh I've never been able to
print Charles and every time I try to
surprise him he finds out what it is so
I'm so glad I Melissa okay
that's 36 huge turkey I got meeting
morning it's pretty good
they say we need ones and fives okay
well you're a nice person setting you up
can't bring you a toy or not you are
what you wear what you're eating do you
get ice cream on your face don't you can
stare put that much it's really good on
the sea house Marley going what look at
is ready he does Ali hears about the
Vlasov you're supposed to go sorry the
both of them no no cool see you later
buddy
come on we'll just do it slow nice and
easy nice this way buddy what Evan
oh no get a red ring of death damn it
how are you work out now Marley did it
did you do that there's a way to fix it
I think
you're like yeah you're dripping all
over the place is it insanity
good job Tyson just chillin the yo just
insanely sitting here
get her Zoe come on are you trying to do
a push-up
this is a drastic parpadelle tiny bit
hello the little tiny ones yeah Dyson
you basically being Newman right now
right get him let's go Holly
try it yeah my governor you came and you
on nice plug oh you got your fans up
come on thank you
he's just messing with you Oh ready you
ready for this I am ready we're ready
for this a lot of what what is this what
is this have you ever had to you want to
flats D it's a it's a burritos company
it's a burrito - burrito company they
have lots of breda they have the hottest
hot sauce in the world I can vary one of
the mildest yeah awesome
I'm Lucy of wussiest oh hey guys we got
we got a nice little crew going oh no if
you like if you like this is a good one
though
you just want to stay away from this one
daddy killer that's the killer
that's all endorphin I accidentally did
that I know be really careful that I
want ya to just smell this one you'll
like this one you'll like these two the
gringo I need the gringos let me try it
good
that's sweeter yeah that's Melissa style
yeah buddy
Hey hi Zoe did you jealous over there
gnarly wants to be on her pillow this is
Marly so everyone knows it's hers like
there's a tiny her dog than me I'm not
happy I'm gonna do whatever it takes
yeah and this guy look at his lip he's
got a rancor like a rancor face - yeah
good thing what are you tired over here
or something
did you have a busy day so today was a
pretty adventurous day of Allie I have
to give it to Ali and Shay on that one
finally able to prank me first prank
ever
it says that was a pretty good one it
was uh I don't know if you guys remember
like two years ago I flew out for Shay's
birthday uh almost almost two years to
the day actually because it's gonna be a
cloudless birthday and I pie him in the
face that's the breakfast that footage
that video yeah do that Brad you don't
have you know I don't have a brother
hide on the other I need an editor
breath read my child write what you need
to do you have to download this footage
and then edit it in and then upload it
for me later to the Shaytards
yeah later whenever I say in any video
on all of YouTube what am I getting grab
that bread it and it grab that bread
everyone said it - on Twitter and just
tell them and he'll know what to do tell
Brett to add two photos just me pine I
still remember what my mustache smelled
like after you hit me uh
just like that
is cream with cream yeah and then we
were like driving around I'm like the
worst place you did this computer was it
this computer here when he first got
this computer and he wasn't supposed to
have a computer and he walks down start
I got my brand new MacBook Pro yeah I
was like tagging with this I'm just like
looking I'm like looking at cable and
I'm like oh my god aesthetic brand-new
computer she's just doing it it's like
so airs perfect yeah worked out fine but
uh yeah so I'm being a shower
okay go take a shower join a shower Zoe
Marlowe coming there keep you warm so
yeah guys a pretty crazy day pretty
exciting day um awesome day this is one
of those things like where yeah I had
fun but it's one of those things like
always
it's like these times are the ones that
remind me like to like remind you guys
like when people say like you your
friends on the internet like when people
say that to you and you're like no the
really I really have friends on the
internet that's you know he flew across
the country just you know to come and
hang out and say hi and stuff like that
so it is one of those crazy things and I
cannot wait to get better guys because
I'm going to like the second edge of my
nose I think I just picked my nose on
front of everybody right now
it was itchy when when this thing gets
out of my head on Tuesday I'm gonna be
back on the road I'm gonna be getting
all you guys because you guys are my
friends too and it's just the support
the love is just unbelievable and I have
like the doctors are so confident I know
this is going to get removed I just like
I said Ali said I'm just getting some
more memory some more ram in my head the
hard drive space cuz I have some extra
space and I'll be able to see you guys
more on the road there's that I'm just
gonna I'm just I'm gonna be better at
articulating my thoughts that's what's
gonna happen
are you really trying to organize all
the booths okay so you're being in a
space do you have a brain slug or both
have brain slugs all right guys well I'm
gonna go to bed now get some sleep I
just took some medicine so I just burped
and I will see you guys tomorrow
good night and love you guys all but
see what you did
it's coming other guard me waiter
where's ePSXe
giddy withdrawal trippy
where's
with chakra pee
you
