to eat yes I had to take some dog treats
so eat it really water
don't be so grumpy here I mean so gonna
be eat this okay eat this is it gross
food or something there you go you get
the ball or the chuckit I bet you're
good I guarantee you're naming to get
the ball you probably gonna get the
stick aren't you huh sorry Kate so we're
taking the dogs to the doggie Beach you
ready to go to doggie Beach great girls
I'll go swimming this is the easy way to
get that back the fish head fish brain
what are you guys doing oh it's actually
really nice out get him Zoe get him over
Bardsley I'm gonna go get these ducks
now
you're ducks left litter she's still
going I'm gonna get them I'm gonna get
them why are you getting too far out now
I I think she's a look at her she's
she's like how can make she fly that's
up there did you get those ducks it's
like they can fly it's not fair not fair
they fly she's just gonna go in there
anyway well I was like I'll do it get it
sorry push you in there Oh biggest be so
smelly well if I push you in what'd you
find
so we're gonna see it
don't bulk it more yeah show me your new
decoration HP turn your head towards see
somebody thirsty over there so I just
got an email from everyone over at over
at Google and they sent a little package
so I'm gonna open this up and see what
it is scissors from can I have a candy
store
holy crap it's an 80s time capsule look
at all that candy from the 80s you can't
have any of it it's malicious wow you
actually it's here got airheads oh my
god this is so good oh my god there's
run Google I love you guys simoom clean
huh y'all clean now you can come in the
house that cool you near here good you
know
well the silver lining of being home
right now is that I get to actually use
an oven so that's good maybe I'll make
like a pizza or like some sort of
awesome delicious food oh that's my
favorite guy he gets so angry because I
always get like some bakery stuff and
like it's so mad
that looks something really weird oh my
god
world's largest pepper I wonder if these
have souls
Ginger's
get it you get it that what you just
like you get it
it's really hard to be inconspicuous
when you have a carton
see the weird cutlet yeah he's really
creepy rules more of a suit who was
roaming home was completely to remove
your finger family minestrone
he's guy like he can put like a shelf
it's like a shelf he also has a butt
chin they can hold its an embryo is
Charles Charles
yeah it's no I haven't seen that did you
know if you google lemon plum I come up
I haven't that time it's awesome it
doesn't look the same though a dinosaur
egg and a lemon plum like these are two
very cool fruits all right next to each
other I want this one okay we can share
Oh
oh my gosh I cannot wait so you got a
cool bag I cannot wait okay so we made
an appointment and the surgery is going
to be Tuesday and let me tell you guys
this I cannot wait because this medicine
confuses me like I have no idea ever
what time it is or anything like that so
the surgery we were just talking to the
doctors today and scheduled it for
Tuesday so a week from today the day
after and then I can get this stupid
little like this brainslug never you
futurama with a brainslug that's what's
going on right now but yeah this
medicine is just kind of like confusing
the crap out of me like I don't know
what time it is or anything I was like
delicious like good
these are bizarre bizarre Oh what is
this like a wafer she's like yeah why do
you know oh oh what happened oh oh
everyday what you do oh she got confused
honey she thought it was for her look
she thought it was she's confused shake
those confused I thought there I saw
toys I saw toys you go hide in your
corner here you shouldn't be in trouble
you were confused okay I was confused I
thought that was for you to tell me oh
my god oh my god oh my god are those the
ones I brought back the other last last
trip
oh I forgot there's more on the bus guys
daddy had to come home a little quick
but there's more coming home I think I
think mr. scooter sent them they should
be coming soon
mmm breakfast but Dana so I'm basically
staying with a little bit later charles
rennie went to bed tired but I'm staying
up and cleaning our house sort of
getting there because we have a very
special guest coming tomorrow Charles
doesn't know about talking quietly you
probably can't even hear what I'm saying
but I'm really really excited so I think
he's gonna be very happy
Charles has a lot of really really
awesome support and love coming from
everybody but it's really hard because
he can't be alone so we need someone
with them all the time to drawing the
places and so it's it's been a tough
situation but I'm really really glad
that we have so many people who are
willing to help us and support us and
it's just like overwhelming like the
amount of support you guys have shown
for us during this really difficult time
and like you know I'm sure there are
those of you going through something
like this either yourself or with a
family member and you know our hearts go
out to you and just you know stay strong
that's the most important thing is just
to never never let it get you down okay
so fingers crossed that our special
guest gets there before he sees that
cliff because that'd be terrible all
right guys I'm going to bed
yes
with trippy
with charity
