be very good hey I'll be right back okay
be good girls don't destroy anything
okay
I'll be right back we're in Amish
country so we just had a good meeting
with the doctors and we're deciding to
go to a place that uh in Sarasota it's
like it's like an Amish cooking place
like all homemade stuff and they have
like the best pies in the world the
world - what'd you get
I got a chicken sandwich sandwich yes
how much will you get you guys ain't
even see chicken soup it's very home
today excuse me I haven't even had a
bite yet so you think you just because
you've got a hitchhiker means you can do
whatever you want so he gets the free
pass
glorious mountain of peanut butter get
into my belly oh yeah that's what
happens you're wasting
it's good right that's really good
what do you want to do huh what do you
like you what you guys stink open the
door open the door Oh get opening what
what what I take a lil I tell you I
tackled you just wants to steal things
I just want to steal the stick we were
on our way to the park but then we
realized that we're stupid and the Sun
sets a little bit earlier and then we
remember I'm kind of like in multiple
time zones right now so I don't even
really know what's going on sort of
solve the alley right now but we were
sorry
Marley like in the backseat like you
read like really ok I'm really tired of
looking at this crap so I'm gonna want
to venture into the deep dark attic I'm
a little bit scared of ladders I know so
you're gonna have to stay here well I
think gonna have to yeah I'm - I'm not
strong enough to do that so he was just
big man muscles I'm gonna come out boys
yeah I know you're gonna run away you
little shithead do not go up the ladder
sir sir
get down no you can't he's gonna like I
don't want to go up there
that's why she's freaking out
you guys are very good at Christmas at
the end of February did you come on say
no I don't like Santa Claus he's freaky
you want to be Santa
pretty rugged you are dangerous daddy I
hope you're not gonna do this to our
kids she's climbing the ladder Lana
watch I'll put her down and she'll do it
by ourselves right ready come on whoa
whoa whoa holy crap Carly oh my god
she's like super dog look at her feet
that way hold on can you guys see your
feet or toes are like grappling hooks
like no my turn it's my daughter
Ezard you guys are rugged you're so
dangerous yeah I can really do that are
you just watching that what's going on I
can't
maybe we could put on your back Zig Yeah
right
get off give your own couch over there
oh you're fat get off the off the get on
the couch
you little Butthead what are you doing
dog face huh
so today we went to the the surgeons had
a meeting with both the surgeons really
awesome people and the good news is that
they are very confident in the removal
basically what it is is it's kind of
like right here on the frontal right
frontal lobe I guess it's like right on
the top and what it does is that like
kind of affects your left hand because
you know the right side your brain
affects your left side of your brain
it's like the opposite so it's not like
it's kind of crazy like apparently
there's like some surgeries where like
if it's like on the left side it affects
your your vision that vision your your
language so what they have to do is they
have to have you awake as that's going
on and they have to ask you questions
luckily for me that's not gonna be the
case like I'll be able to you know not
be awake and also I'd never knew this
there is no pain in the brain you can't
have like you know the the the pain
nerve endings they go you know through
your body into your brain but if you
were to like I guess stab your brain you
wouldn't feel it I never knew that I'm
learning a bunch of stuff but I just
wanted to make sure that you guys knew
not I've been reading all the comments
you guys have been the most amazingly
supportive people sweetest people and
don't worry guys I got this you know I'm
gonna Falcon punch it and then kick it
right in the dick like I said yesterday
but yeah I thought that was kind of an
interesting thing but yeah both the
surgeons are really confident and the
removal of this stupid thing and they're
basically like yeah we're gonna get you
we're gonna get you ready before Danny's
arm is ready so that's that's the goal
right now we're gonna make an
appointment probably for the surgery for
sometime this week obviously I'll keep
you guys updated because I mean you guys
have been so unbelievably supportive and
loving and caring and just
I just couldn't add the love that's from
everybody from every single person that
I've been reading from I've been getting
phone calls all over the place from
YouTube from Google all my friends all
over the world and all of you guys are
comments it's just it's been so amazing
the support of in such a weird time I
know I'll be fine and you know just
seeing all the comments and reading all
the amazing things that you have been
writing it was just so so so motivating
I might have I might have a little funky
haircut for a little bit on this side of
my head maybe I'll do like a Skrillex
haircut or something like that
I just wanted to say thank you guys for
you know just for everything that's it
you know I just wanted to give you guys
a heads up the surgeons are amazing and
they're confident that's I just want to
let you guys know because I feel like I
need to let you guys know that and yeah
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna
Falcon punch this thing right in the
face I also wanted to say thank you guys
for you know being so understanding with
the vlogs being kind of weird for the
next week or so just until we get you
know the hang of things and all that fun
stuff
we're just getting things together I've
been taking all my medication if you're
like it I feels like an old man just oh
it's 7:30 I gotta take my medication
that's where we stand right now tomorrow
I'm gonna call and I'm gonna get the
whole scheduling taken care of and oh
you wanna hey here's mommy outside he's
longing outside there she out there with
Melissa do you want to clean up all the
pee stuff huh when I play up Marley's
pee on the rug because she thought it
was grass cuz she's a dingus yeah you
know that's not what you're supposed to
be peeing on but it looks like grass who
really does see told you I told you oh
I'm hungry I haven't eaten all day
get him Riley get her
she's so forceful with it huh so you
will lick my face oh hello
I scan all this much weight oh my baby
your face stinks respite why you smell
hey hey get out of there gone maybe like
you know when you talk to a baby and it
comes out great maybe you're like if we
talk to the tuber it wrong oh my god
well be nice but like if we like put
headphones on your head but I was crazy
like how like when they do the surgery
for when you have to do the speech that
they have yeah head open I told it was
kind of cool it's like I'm gonna have a
trapdoor like men in black a little like
it could be like a little dude
controlling that's the biggest scare I
have is that everyone's gonna realize
that I have a little alien in my head
and they're all gonna know now your
secret's out babe I know it's gone it's
gonna be all over the Internet
yes
with y'all trippin
with Derby
