gray go home see the puppies they're
gonna freak out
you gotta go crazy so we're heading home
and first time in Idaho Airport all the
airports that have traveled haven't done
this one the plane and take your luggage
with you last flight and then we're home
the dogs can tackle me one more flight
and then dogs licking your face you
gonna park huh I think that sounds great
sounds like a great time but I got I am
now a diamond medallion look it's middle
isn't that weird
it's metal Zowie sorry oh well what if I
land two if by sea
wait how did he come you come like to my
seat right so - bye see I don't remember
I'm a horrible Marilyn do it while he's
eating something what put that out of
your mouth drop it drop it
oh you guys want to go to the park let's
go to the park
go check the meters somebody's happy
freaking out they love it wait sit okay
dude
you peed 14 times since we've been here
for five minutes so just trying to show
you this new park that we got the new
park
I just gotta pee everywhere I've been
here in a while
hey Charles its Tyler man get back to
your Travis hey we're just gonna say
best best wishes to you
I know it's heartbreaking but don't make
it through it
DMX we all wish you were here me
we're all try to be positive and I know
that he wants to be here with with us
right now and with all of you and know
that this is love better Ross yeah we
sent you a neon orange poster hope you
love it yes did you get did you get that
dealers poster okay did everybody miss
you here brother
and it's so nice to be home oh hi robot
I guess it get lazy what's that with
Luka in there you want your eye bone you
want your eye bone you want to make a
phone call get mr. bell
today I know is a little bit of a slow
day it's been kind of hanging out with
these little twerps want you want
something do you want this huh you want
treats tomorrow morning we have to go to
the doctors we're gonna have a
consultation and stuff like that like
super early actually so it's actually
only if I've got it's like 10 o'clock in
the more ten o'clock in the morning it's
10 o'clock in the evening lay down lay
down
good girl a little pillow you might eat
okay no I I obviously you know III thank
you guys for understanding if the vlog
is a little short and stuff like that
but just kind of wanted to hang out at
the house is relax with these little
munchkins oh hi
did you miss the camera in your face all
the time and kind of rest and all that
fun stuff but I will see you guys
tomorrow morning Miley you just look
like you just poop this I'm gonna go to
bed I'm gonna probably I think I'm gonna
watch it's the Harold and Kumar
Christmas movie I just rented it I meant
to watch it during Christmas and stuff
like that but you know what I want to
relax and that's what I think I'm gonna
do I want to watch a terrible movie hang
out with my little biatches and kind of
just chill and then tomorrow go go visit
with the doctors and then worry about
getting this stupid little thing out of
my head brain this little hitchhiker out
of my brain and I want to say thank you
guys so much for all your love and
support and all your kind words and
stuff like that don't worry I'm going to
freaking falcon punch this thing right
in whatever its head it has and get back
get back to normal and back on the road
and just back back in general back in
normal back to normal so I will see you
guys tomorrow
good night get some sleep
and I love you all good night guys
yes
with tripping
with charity
