good morning guys I feel much better
being out of the hospital but we're
still in Idaho as you can see we're at a
hotel right now and I'm currently under
mom arrest there tag-teaming me right
now Laurens here why my mom has to go
back to the hospital and get the the
records because I think we're opting to
go home like I was saying yesterday if I
get the surgery here I'm obviously gonna
be in the hospital for like two days or
something but because of them opening my
head you know going into my brain I
wouldn't be able to go on an airplane
because of the pressure going up and
down for like 15 or 20 days and we were
all talking when I feel like you know be
smarter to rest at home with the dogs
the family you know like Ally just
everybody at the house and just be at
your own house instead of the hotel it's
kind of like where we're going so my
mom's getting all the MRIs and the cat
scan so we can do that tomorrow morning
Ali's gonna fly in and out and I'm a
couple hours currently under a mom
arrest right now and we're taking yes
exactly
but my mom yeah my mom let me Lauren
stay because she knew my mom my mom
knows me the second that they both left
I would not be in this hotel room right
now so I be snowboarding right also I've
been getting a lot of funny little video
clips from Dani and scooter and the guys
uh you know in the band and stuff and
there's this clip Coley is keeping he
decided to keep my bunk warm for me
so when I kind when I got back on tour
um it'd be nice and toasty so this is
the clip scooter just sent of Coley
Coley what are you doing in there Oh
just making sure that Charles is
everything he needs
so as soon as this little stupid piece
of crap is out of my head right back on
tour after much deliberation we've
decided to go with an hour now along
it's gotten like a little bit less
difficult to deal way as the as the
minutes have passed whereas before it
was like carnivorous fish were attacking
the outer layers of my skin
we're googling what kind of fish these
are yeah cuz they don't know she doesn't
remember the name so I'm gonna look it
up you can take a picture of us on
Facebook you get it to me
typical oh my got it Oh oh my god oh oh
that one got the bottom right button
it's really bad I cannot even describe
to you what this feels like it's you
know what it's like it's like a thousand
tiny vacuums on my feet look at this
look at Lyndsey's mmm
and they didn't like me at first now
there's another looks like a party on my
feet it is a biography oh I'm so much
fucking fine go to her I keep twitching
and scared okay it feels pretty cool it
doesn't tickle
oh my gosh you guys ah you need to have
this ready or not mine come closer
yeah
oh this is the most strange feeling I've
ever felt in my entire I can't even
spare getting your feet washed wash wash
we're getting our feet done by that what
is it the fish fish and I think we're
supposed to wash them are we washing
wash I'll sit down I don't even know
what's going on right now you you grew
up in Buffalo
look there's snow in the roof I cry a me
I will you I can understand but you grew
up in Buffalo why why are you so amazed
because I don't see this look at the
bird
is that a bird it's a leaf oh we're
about to go pick up Allie from the
airport and just started snowing oh my
gosh so your fireplace is probably gonna
be a pretty good idea right now
yay sad day five room in Bangkok was
almost like we banged so much cock
together that's just hot wrong home
gonna be with Charles while he has a
baby boy hopefully he got my edible
arrangement we sent him one that had
like a little mylar balloon that said
it's a boy in it I think he's gonna
really like that what did you buy jelly
bellys
they have like this outer sleeve it's
like a fucking Americanisms we got like
crazy
kiss you in case you were wondering
there's a crap come from America okay I
think Lindsay and I may have made them
freakin jackpot and we have no one to
either side of us it's party time
okay you guys have em over here right
now on a giant a national what if it was
so in some ways that is a lot
okay just realize I totally lied to you
guys our plan take up way too smoothly
under 500 gasps I just met a lovely lady
in the LAX Airport tinkering with flora
if that's not the name I'm really sorry
I'm out of it right now been flying for
the 15 hours already but your mom was
hilarious and was very nice to meet you
I moved the pillow it doesn't work the
second I do the feet I keep making it
seem like Lauren's doing it so she looks
like the jerk sir I swear we're on our
way to go get Ally her plane just landed
we're gonna take a shuttle over there
she goes skiing again you're
snowboarding
screw skiing I can't do it
we do it on the ground
my guys can see them the third little
birds goes sadly there on people River
that's right a parade and no matter you
describe it it just made me really
pumped up to get to my house and take
care of it so I'm gonna get it's gonna
be hard
look good this is so beautiful I'm in
the land of the tardes I wish they were
here that'll be cool let's go
boo hi hi honey I
mr. what Oakland okay so big too soon
this is still recording this is still
recording James rise to JT's jacket on
oh say that like I've seen and/or worn
this jacket since I was like two like my
mom has had just jacket forever it every
time I see it I'm like oh god it's a
jacket I got is that a new shirt yeah
that's a cool shirt this is a cool
little necklace somebody loving gave you
some dork key to your heart yeah I wants
it on your right side that would've been
embarrassing let me go back kind of like
in the middle ish or like in the middle
sorry you should let those shoulder pads
in there sort of like love this do you
miss me gif fun Thailand it was good are
you tired we were weird we made that
Janet already in it I had a feeling like
I took it out of the edit and I'm just
I'm kidding I'm kidding
took out my super corny I haven't slept
for like 20 hours you know I left it in
there it was pretty cool
and then I didn't get your the fish you
know fish eating your feet thing until
yesterday's video Oh
absolutel today's video it's in today's
video so creepy
Missy Lindsay and I were like we just
kept going like okay anytime that you go
to a cabdriver they try to make you like
bargain with them for a cab ride
ohmmeter
give me a hundred but like they say I'm
not gonna run the meter you're gonna
give me a hundred baht otherwise I'm
driving away it's crazy so when you get
a cab you have to say meter and they go
no no no no get out of the cab you get
out and kitbag drive away until someone
comes along that will do it for you
that's sketchy unless unless where
you're going unless you know where
you're going and you know that it's
worth less why don't you let them not do
the meter
what is this worth like $5 this is like
$3 what 100-watt is $3
oh well that's nothing I know okay oh
you son
I'll give $3 well it's not like I guess
it's a principle but that would you say
100 baht I think $100 like oh that is
like 350 nonsan actually that's a good
deal dude I want to do a fish your
little fish manicure thing for an hour
it was 12 bucks that's actually a pretty
good deal they didn't do anything but
let fish eat your feet and I know I was
gonna say like that's really good for
the women who work at the spa because
when someone wants that they all to be
asleep in the pedicure chairs while
you're getting a ton thank you how's the
fruit oh it's called watch your pile up
you want your pie hole I'm on a trip is
getting sassy
it broke let me see I have good you have
super glue wait turn around I can't see
what you're looking at you broke Buddha
what's it mean uh how much it's like 15
bucks yeah it's pretty cool
that's nice you warming up
look at I got you
it's a flame stick all the way from
America
it doesn't matter where we are
you always find this place so it's like
it calls to me every single time are you
sitting on your butter you already sat
on it
Oh guys it is time to go to bed I got my
beautiful wife all the way from Thailand
no you gotta go closer you gotta go
closer so we are heading we were heading
back home and we have appointments on
Monday and Tuesday we gotta hit my head
brain I I just want to say thank you
guys for all the unbelievable support
it's unbelievable like I was the tears
like just reading comments and just
texts from everybody it's crazy but the
bottom line is guys this is this this
thing is not going to win I'm gonna kick
its ass and the proverbial tumor it's
actually a girl named Chelsea drew there
somewhere shown to you really quickly
right oh yeah right here or it's like
Alli I think Danny Travis myself kicking
its ass yeah welcome yeah and there's
got a little cannon the cast cannons
cannon my goal guys is to be better
before Danny's arm is better and that's
what's gonna happen now I was just and
the fact you guys got a trending there's
those unbelievable just shows to support
and love you guys and I know those are
all my little boo-boos I just want to
say thank you guys it means so much all
the support I mean it's it's a difficult
thing to deal with and you guys are here
you may get a lot of stand off you guys
are really it's amazing I just we wanted
to be honest with you guys like I said
yesterday and I feel like this is
something that's uh you know all of us
that's what the CTFxC is for with all of
us come together like this and I just
want to say thank you so much you guys
have been unbelievable supportive and
don't worry we're gonna kick frickin ass
so I will see you guys tomorrow we're
gonna fly home we're gonna see the
puppies we're gonna go meet some
surgeons some of the top surgeons
neurosurgeons
yes in the entire Florida and get this
taken care of so I will see you guys
later
I'll see you tomorrow good night get
some sleep and uh yeah can I guess
hardly wait
were sleepy at tuxie
giddy with y'all trippin
we're with chakra theory
you
