good morning guys it is about 8:30 in
the morning Friday out of the 24th of
February and as you can see I'm still in
the hospital I I feel better I have all
these like things in my arm and for all
the IVs hey but here's that he's a ray
of sunshine I had the best Ison alone
you've all the guys the pebble ice fish
ice would play dough balls so I'm still
here in the hospital alleys on a way
Laurens on her way my mom's on her way
so I just talked to Ali she's flying
from Thailand right now she will she
will be here either tomorrow the next
day I think my mom and Lauren are flying
now
but basically what happened guys I was
walking with Dani I saw my nose I was
walking with Dani we went to go see the
Boise Idaho football field
um you know took a photo and that size
more comfortable do this and I'm on my
way back I got really dizzy like I got
like kind of this television and it felt
like the sides like the roads we're
going faster than me and I was trying to
slow down by doing circles and after
that I kind of don't remember what
happened Danny said I went face-first
into the cement as you can see right
there there's a couple bruises and cuts
over there and as of now on what we know
is that I had a seizure which is crazy
never had one in my life I don't know
that my family's ever had one so we're
gonna be doing like an MRI and a cat
scan and all that stuff today and we'll
be finding out but I've been debating on
you know whether or not if she's vlog
this or if I should just not vlog it at
all and just you know at the end tell
you what happened but I feel like that
completely goes against all nature of
hope what I you know Alan I started
doing with the daily feels like these
are things that not only over you guys
to see but for us to build a document
our life and build a look back and all
that stuff so I set up some filming so
you guys are gonna be going through a
lot of doctor stuff with me after the
next couple days and figuring this out
and basically making me feel a little
bit stronger by talking with camera H I
feel a little less scared things like
that it was kind of crazy and I'm
talking a think I'm just talking to a
camera but I know I'm talking to
hundreds of thousands of people and it
makes me feel a little bit better so
it's kind of where we stand right now
yeah and yeah weird weird guys hopefully
it's nothing that we can't just destroy
and get back to back to normal and you
know back in the road back to life so
really are you're making fun of the guys
we're going to Starbucks with in four
countries but here we are again at
McDonald's
it has air conditioning
I know if you exchange any drugs that
you have for any other drugs that you
want this is the largest collection of
Hello Kitty stuff I've ever seen in my
entire life or from like the actual
Hello Kitty store damn you at the time
check this out pump to keep from like
blood clots I guess getting in my feet
keep like blowing air and I'm kind of
like a massage I mean you can like
massage I'll take it my full wrist
bracelet I can't go to the bathroom or
you pick a shower unless some reason
here with me no like there like so do
you have to take a shower I'm like yeah
and they're like somebody's be in there
and I'm like what
alright getting ready to do the MRI
right now behind the store is the giant
all right there's one we're driving a
little that the hole in my ear there do
I look different throws like a different
Charles I don't know I actually got
these these with my good luck charms
I got them ten years ago at Warped Tour
it's actually kind of crazy to think
about like ten years ago I worked or you
know that's why I got my good luck found
ties with my first band did Warped Tour
and now in 2012 we the kings were doing
Warped Tour ten years later I think
about what you did ten years ago and
then what you'll do 10 years from then I
just realizes did they do this to make
fun of my last name hmm
this is this is the contraption that I
went in right there oh sorry yeah I was
just showing the giant contraption you
guys had me in it's like it's giant
tumbler did she add my head strapped in
so it's funny when I watched people
watching me film with a GoPro they
always look at the back to see what I'm
telling but there's no LCD
haha we love to go
I wonder why
Oh can't show that either I'm getting
into some stuff but I really can't can't
show you here just for daddy say daddy I
love you okay so do your big bag oh yeah
I love you think ID ID ID ID Boyd oh no
no more cookies down that
let us stop Pokemon
alright I'm back from the MRI and I got
a I got a little package the nice lady's
here was like you got a package and it's
from Chris Brad and Kelly um they came
and they gave me a nice little care
package
it just blows my mind especially since
I'm like here by myself
Lawrence will be here in a couple hours
my mom would be heard a couple hours and
then Ali will be here in half a day
she's got the longest of life just add
MRI now we wait and see how they want to
come back all this stuff if you're not
already you should be following Ali and
I on Twitter the other day when Danny
brought me here I posted a photo of me
in the hospital and I didn't want to
scare anyone so I just was like it's a
boy I just got this lovely edible
arrangement from my wife I love my wife
Ali and we're good she's like so happy
we're having a boy
another failure
oh my bus has a farm milk can help
prevent stress and make you happy the
only thing that I think of when I think
of elf bus is a Clockwork Orange because
they always drink no fuss or they call
it drunk left I was the same pain a
little cow no fuss explain myself
flavored milk
it's whereas each one is bigger they
have TV channel oh here we go again try
not to die weirdly froze now are you
kidding I feel like we're pretty pro
watch me step out and get hit as soon as
really we're pro
okay that's really cool I love the woman
who was doing the way there was this
really cute little room and he's like
yeah I do it that's my brain maybe
highballs
there's your nose I see your nose is my
nose hi how's it going
my mom flew across the country I went to
Tampa all right okay it's not it's not a
package not a package chance yeah not he
has told me I had this on the wrong the
entire time I had my my head through the
your arm sleeves
it is funny baby there we go oh yeah
I'm a little slow ha ha
I have to save my pee oh yeah they
yelling because I keep seeing this and
naturally I don't pee in the bucket so
they're like you need to pee in this
bucket I think you're gonna sell it on
eBay I dig in mmm that's what I was like
ah with that chocolate Apple right there
green apple right there all right I
trust this one I just loved it so much
we had to come back you learn English
and regard wait just a you in English in
Rome yeah we're just having a
conversation about places that we really
want to travel this we're gonna do this
a lot I think that is the first of many
successful trip we should choose our
Jews to that it killed each other
yeah I haven't thought yeah we've got
along very very well I wasn't really
that worried about it but like you know
it's hard to be in any confined space
with like one person for a long time but
I think we've done very well
so Cheers had a good adventurous slow
motion baby oh that feels so weird
ah not afraid of needles
some good news I get to go home what I
don't get to go home we get to go to the
hotel I don't have to be here again even
though everyone here um at st. Luke's
has been amazing I get to get out of
here which is I'm starting to go a
little bit crazy as you can see I'm not
in a hotel I'm not I'm not in a hotel
room no I'm actually in a hotel room
some people have been curious on what
has happened what exactly happened I've
been talking to my mom I've been talking
my dad I've been tough mache I've been
talking to a lot of people about how I'm
like what I should say if I should keep
things and you know I stopped myself
almost immediately because I've been
doing these almost what almost three
four years almost starting fourth year
right or something like that something
insane
1031 days that's right right now I want
to thumbs up so many days right if I got
it and I've always vowed to you guys to
be completely honest and um so what what
happened I don't know why this happened
Dani and I were walking we got Starbucks
we filmed at the the Boise Idaho State
field and we were walking back and I
told you earlier I had that's weird
tunnel vision it was really scary it was
like I don't know like I hope nobody
none of you or your family's ever have
to have that trying to like you realize
what's happening you're just trying and
fighting it way I fell I'm putting it
out there
Starbucks saved my life so I obviously
felt like this so there's a bat on that
hand that hand right there and then I
ruined my brand-new jeans
okay felt like this on this knee and
then I went like this to brace myself
and I went right into the gravel asphalt
or whatever and then this I went like
this because I was holding a Starbucks
coffee and then when I went down BAM
right on the cup of an iced coffee
otherwise all I have was this otherwise
it would smash my entire face so
Starbucks you saved my life turned out
that where the doctor came in and he
said that I had a like a tumor i have a
tumor in my head this is kind of briefly
what it looks like but as you can see
it's not this big this is more of just
layers or excess but it's on this side
of my head as you can see so I have to
get it removed
that's what's happening it's not like a
really aggressive one is what I've been
being told it's more of a one they can
take care of really easily
we're just weighing the decision on
whether or not we're gonna do it here in
Idaho or go back home because if I'm
here I can't get an airplane for like 15
or 20 days and you know the road to
recovery is a lot better when you're at
home so that's kind of where I am right
now that's why my mom flew out overnight
that's why I flew back from Thailand
that's why Lauren jumped on a plane this
morning so I'm not gonna lie guys this
it's it's scary but I have so much
confidence in the doctors in the medical
they caught this so quick they caught it
so quick I just I just wanted to be open
with you guys and let you know what's
going on just because I know there's
people that you might know if gone are
going through stuff like this and it
just helps to talk and I talked to my
mom I talked to everybody but talking to
you guys too is very very stress
relieving for myself so even if this is
like a very selfish thing for me to do I
I want to do this and talk to you guys
and I wanted to show you but yeah so
that's that's what's going on um I'm
okay now I was obviously discharged I
get to go and I'm away from the hospital
and I can eat regular food so I can eat
like pizza ordered these pizza this on a
happy note right a happier note look at
this pizza it's like a 15 inch pizza
that my mom
all by herself apparently she was like
super hungry she's like I just want one
by herself so I had to order like a
little personal pizza by myself I don't
want you guys to worry um just you know
keep you just keep me in your thoughts
keep the CTA fixing the thoughts and do
you have to worry about me I don't you
want what I don't want you guys to worry
or anything like that I'll be fine I
know I'll be fine but I just wanted to
be honest Ali will be home tomorrow
Lauren will be here in like an hour so
I'm gonna get some sleep kind of on
medication so I'm a little tired a
little hungry really hungry I've been
eating surprisingly the hospital foods
been okay but it's been hospital food
you know I mean so Lauren finally got
here okay my mom's here and then Ali
what time shall I get here
five and five okay so Ali over here so
it's time to go to bed it's gonna be
it's gonna be nice just relax you have
to stay positive you have to stay just
overwhelmingly positive and do the right
thing and you'll get through it I will
see you guys tomorrow I love you all and
good night
see what you did
it's coming over me wait
where's baby at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
with just a finale
don't forget to eat Marley
