hey what time is it there what Wow
during the future what happens to us in
the future
guess where I'm going today yeah we got
to go to other results Brian and Danny
and I are gonna go to the original
Starbucks
go to bed it's like 3:00 in the morning
right call me when you wake up oh we are
in Seattle all of grunge rock the
Seattle Mariners and the original
Starbucks we are walking it's about a
mile away we were walking through the
original Starbucks to indulge on the
coffee goodness right yeah
wait it's like what
one of these parts it never failed every
single country I've ever invented
there's a Starbucks I'm still glad I'm
not here with Phil and everyone I went
to your book because they would always
don't hear everything that won't go
anywhere else
amazing what do you think Internet you
think Lindsey could pull those off okay
we found something really really cool
this is what cuts alone other we're
right here
eighty more cool stuff on the street
it's like I feel like I have to I want
to film everything that I'm seeing but I
also do not want to run into anybody so
I'm trying really hard to pay attention
because literally a motorcycle just
drove down the sidewalk and almost
crashed into me so I'm trying to be
really careful I don't know I'm finding
a Starbucks in Seattle it p√§ivi is like
so easy thinking one and every block
everything oh there's a Space Needle
there it is see this that looks there
I'm just gonna go like this and there's
one right there
I wasn't getting so close there it is
I feel like it's like we should do
something like the Honorable like it's
like a shrine so that's the original
logo look who we found when I was eight
years old I need a coffee bean and puked
all over
it's quiet there it's a sacred place
take your hat off never take his off I'm
certain to think that we might have a
car the fact that we're celebrating
going to a corporate cheese first the
first place ever we need this we need
this we need this spot the difference we
need to go find where they throw the
fish you know like the part of fish
marketing where's that I want to see
somebody get hit in the face by a fish
Oh Poochie I think we're getting close
to turn to smell it smells really bad
you do doesn't have smell-o-vision yet
but would be oh here it is we're all the
fish so we were just walking this is
what this is next year this is the
street and this is what's behind these
gates
this is like a movie like secret garden
it's good a seed
and here is Bangkok
and it is crazy eat all you can
I dare you to eat one of those no I
think Lindsay and I are officially
obsessed with steamed dumplings with
cream oh my gosh I'm crazy
they laid your face whole there's gonna
be taxi what what is happening
Charles Armani I mean no Charles decided
to steal another designers name and
become a designer why don't you tell me
that babe
that's amazing
that's so thank you so much well what is
your YouTube the big those fish are
this is it focus on the corner
Oh him tell thank you so much which can
come to I know these guys are amazing
that was that was quite interesting yeah
you got to come to the Pike Place Fish
Market and just look for these guys
they'll be tossing fish the whole time
thanks again man
that's fast food right there western
pastries aka donut we're getting ready
to go on her first outing in Bangkok and
I'm going to bust out this bad boy cuz
I'm gonna be pretty cool to get some of
the crowd shots with that so we'll see
how it goes I will add they're playing a
show right now and he's FaceTime me so I
can see that play that's so awesome
I've got to say like so far like Seattle
everyone is so freaking nice like
usually when you go to a place like that
or like live with the girl with the
ocarina and you ask the film stuff they
either want you to buy or like you know
pay them to do that
these people just worth more than happy
to do it and there's so like so friendly
so Seattle you're awesome
surprised you're caught it yeah we're
trying to get Danny to do it so you
still hold you I don't get it I would
roll it six or three or two yeah that's
that's weird
you can't tell you have to just know
you're filming good there's nothing that
is the downfall of the GoPro but you
know what they made an LCD screen chorus
that is Charles Eames on you know oh you
like yeah look great just Carlos like
Starbucks I'm not really sure I think we
can even show that show are you even
allowed to show that and I want to get
in trouble
I think you may have had a little bit
too much to drink do you want to write
harm watch your head
I wonder if anyone's going to actually
obey that sign
baby
in this restaurant that's super time
called Jameson's
yeah Irish pub Harry Potter son
okay guys I said I would do this in
Thailand so I'm doing it in Thailand I
keep going
hitting up another little landmark it's
like the gum wall huh hurry up we were
walking around forever dude people make
it out of like like art names of gum so
the six of gum on everything and in the
I think it's like there it is I was like
really that can't be it
oh look at that I'm gonna get on it's
dripping I read it was like the number
five most germiest spot in the world or
something like that it's so disgusting
well stickers on there oh I think I got
gum on my shoe
I don't even know if I want to even
touch this and want to put mine right
there
that's what that's my icicle so when you
come to the gum wall that's Travis's
you're gonna blow to Travis now it's in
the middle as well I'm sick so if you if
you try to look at this is a germaphobes
worst nightmare II hear but it started
like after like the theater they would
put gum and then it would put coins on
it and then it just got like they
cleaned it twice and then they just gave
up as you can see so was it worth it
Travis
all that walking yeah actually it's
actually kind of cool
yeah we thought it was this right here I
was a
look what I just got ready here we go oh
my under way Danny look at that look at
that look at that I was just saying that
we're getting Danny and I are getting
really bored so start doing this on
stage so I just found out there's a gym
so I'm gonna go go run for a little bit
gonna keep up with the running and then
take a shower which is gonna be amazing
showers are like they're like diamond in
the rough every day every new venues
like where's the local shower local shit
like what Roman times like the Roman
baths oh the clean Charles is a happy
Charles do you want to say to the
Internet that's that's smart that's a
good one it's only gay heart you know
she's gonna catch this in his mouth
I got it I got it
nice job Yoshi guys I'm just gonna hit
export now and go to bed been an amazing
day first time in Seattle now he's
obviously having fun in Thailand and I
think tomorrow she's gonna go to some
crazy like a van or something and then
eventually she's gonna ride on an
elephant I totally put the GoPro on the
elephant's head no wonder what you guys
know I think some of the subscription
boxes have kind of goofed up last a
couple weeks you haven't been getting
the videos go watch the last couple days
cuz you missed a lot I tried
snowboarding and just face-planted isn't
it was hilarious and slow-motion and a
lot of fun stuff this have been actually
happening so make sure to always come
back to the channel it's always gonna be
up there every single day YouTube's
broke it again I will see you guys
tomorrow
go check out the last couple days and
yeah good I guess
yes
giddy with child tripping
we're
in a hurry
