yes Danny do you have a question morning
so Danny hurt his wrist fighting an
alligator mating it right now as you can
see we are in Portland right now about
three miles from the venue hanging out
you sell the questions there yeah so I
was mentioning Danny hurt himself
saving a baby from a burning building
right now he's got to go to the doctor
get some x-rays
this is from Duke and then maybe today's
show could be an acoustic show or it
could be a full band show so we're just
kind of waiting and seeing what happens
right now I'm trying to find some Wi-Fi
but where am I going
oh this is a nice little place free
Wi-Fi faster stealing it from the bus
okay wait I'm gonna pretend like good
morning this is Wednesday explaining to
her mom how to turn an iphone on vibrate
there's a little switch on the side you
turn it on and off to put it on vibrate
and reaping oh I'm so excited I know I
use that phrase more than a hundred
times the video but seriously I'm just
gonna fit all the time I'm excited I
take it I was exciting I mean it's kind
of its kind of boring like really
Bangkok you know like paradise it's not
really an ideal situation yeah
oh that persistence only seven minutes
it said 120 minutes I just kept finding
new Wi-Fi networks I know I'm a huge
nerd I already know that this is
I wonder what things for yesterday's
vlog is uploaded now it takes more
portland guys i have been a lot of
freaking pain right now i all if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog we went
snowboarding for the first time my first
time and i ate i filmed all of it i ate
it so hard I could barely walk I woke up
this morning I had literally fell out of
the bunk I just rolled out of the bunk
and hit the ground I just my legs
wouldn't go down quick enough so I
figured I should walk around a lot of
you guys have been telling me to go to
this one place voodoo donuts or
something like that
from now on guys in the comments like
for all our tour dates
tell me cool little places whether it's
like a tourist trap or I don't know like
food or a meeting challenge I will try
to go to every one of them or at least
you know they're really awesome ones at
voodoo donuts donuts boo do that's big
money I don't know anything about time
money I know it's really pretty
can you see the colors it's beautiful
it's a little watermark is netbook wait
hold on I was telling Lindsey these
wings are so giant we could like have a
ballroom dancing show out there and we
would still have ample room for seating
bantam my head is publicly walked into
these sight things and I told Lindsay
that I was going to take my pillow
that's my head will not move event an
emergency only my head will be
protection
found it oh sweet these are all the deep
fryers
the old ones
you made some really delicious doughnuts
you may retire all right let's do this
there's a bacon one it's amazing
they're vegan
mission successful got a big-ass donut
and a voodoo doughnut dude alright so
this is what I got a little voodoo dude
and there's not big the donut is just a
comparison right there okay white is
that you gonna bite his head off
he's already screaming in anguish that
you're gonna do that how is it cream in
there
the vegan donut is it actually tastes
pretty good Savage
you really now he's all crying the fact
that you have to cut a donut like a
pizza should be sweet they just no good
donut
that was a good done now we have
breakfast lunch in there
so do a plan B plan me Danny broke his
arm during a Civil War Reenactment we
should do what Frank our driver said
like somebody just dress up and like all
black and just usually put it through
his shirt he's angling to armor ladies
extra hands so Plan B show must go on
never canceled the show I'm so pumped or
back together and then look at gutter
mouth old school enter for live music
for everyone who's underage this is what
you're missing out this is Rachel she's
got awesome shoes and she just gave us a
whole bunch of doughnuts I actually just
went here I know I saw that's why I was
really like no I - say it outside of
Maydays bus they look alike I know oh hi
guys how are you thank you her name is
Rachel and she gave us all these donuts
including GM donut or he's single store
and just hit on Chris just hit on Chris
I want you all to hit on him all right
so how you feeling there buddy
bro okay we got them doughnuts oh he
feels better
yeah you look cool when you were
breakdancing it's like the piece that's
split past that's it right there
so right there it's actually a little
gray one in that way oh yeah yeah
so I was the bacon oh my god so good
bacon
thank you we officially have three boxes
of these I knew I should have gone there
before the show so many of them so for
this this this year's lint we're gonna
give away treats and we're just gonna
gorge yourself right now right we're not
we're not allowed to bring it on the bus
though because it would be gone by the
morning we're gonna be in a lot of
trouble I feel like it's gonna be like
bridesmaids are gonna stop us before we
can't like we're gonna get stopped in
Hawaii kind of taking up a lot of room
here ma'am ma'am could you please oh oh
we're dropping things okay hang on hang
on
wait your piano we're the only two
people playing so what happened I got
none
we're battling each other let's kick him
some but right now I gotta because I
started playing thing I would just like
to point out though that my name
automatically gave me two thousand four
points that move cuz I can't figure out
of control
I'm the winner
Chuck yeah I just guessed I was just
lucky out of the writing this crap so
they did her baby she was like
okay social gave me let me cousin the
last day outside right I see a boat that
means that we
must be close to one-third of guys right
there
that's Japan oh my gosh I cannot believe
I'm here right now
I can't believe that my camera is also
where is the phone she has oh my god oh
boy everyone's got someone told I know I
just want to dance with somebody
no that's we knew that was worse stuff
what has helped him out he's channeling
his deep love killing me I can picture
performing a song called Gloria rhythm
is gone
Casey and charger Oh
how about Celine Dion oh my god you like
the woman when you hold me like that
it was no coming back to me
first year new song that you think they
they go something love will find you
those changes 7:00 p.m. now 7:30 and
look where Ali is sorry 10:30 in the
morning it's time traffic
ladies and gentlemen this is Japan and
my windows so blurry and it's kind of
cloudy up here but there we go
away
another I already went something
so who are you I'm Avril Lavigne we
would like our first encounter in Japan
we walked into this little side store to
get her bottle of water the first thing
was she asked you what is it and I said
well it does matter all mineral water in
English on it so held up a CD it was
like magic they had one waiting for us
they said my earrings are cute they love
you kawaii they just give us a light
means cute house Thailand did you ride
an elephant yet I didn't think I was
something that's awesome put the GoPro
on the elephant's head how do you find
that out though he's sleepy see you got
your GoPro we're gonna go to the show
now I'm gonna I'll call you after we're
done okay
all right I love you honey
have fun
we nervous you're so nervous
so we are going to bed is we're going to
Seattle tomorrow so home of Starbucks
which is amazing for all of us how you
feeling over there that I of course got
while I was playing Yahtzee with Grandma
but Starbucks it's gonna be amazing
super amazing right you can do it right
thank you all right all right
ally was able to send a lot of footage
so it was cool we get to see where she's
coming from
apparently the Internet is a lot faster
than it is here which is really funny it
is time to go to bed Bangkok first
impression really awesome Airport this
is really really pretty it's so cool so
if I can't understand what lips look
they keep your heads to your stuff
second impression of Thailand everything
is on the left
I gotta remember not to be that asshole
we just got to our hostel in this place
is freaking amazing I stayed in a hostel
before and it was like kind of a dorm
style but we actually have like a
private one and it's really we have a
freaking television our bathroom okay we
decided that if we wanted to we could
have a party in the bathroom and how
huge this is and now I'm gonna head over
here and relax
all right everybody so today was very
eventful we learned that time travel is
possible because we are now and
Wednesday February 22nd and Charles is
still in the 21st but I'm really tired
we've been traveling for literally 24
hours literally 20 but literally on
default Alice so I go to sleep now I'm
super stoked for our first day in
Thailand tomorrow it's gonna be it's
gonna be a blast
so see you tomorrow bye yeah it was it
was kind of rainy here in Portland I was
able to like film a lot of what it's
going what is this I wasn't able to film
all bunch of stuff just because it was
bringing a lot of it wasn't able to go
around but it was pretty fun I had I
enjoyed it
and tomorrow we're going to Seattle I'm
very disturbing things I will see you
guys tomorrow hopefully we can go to the
first Starbucks Dani is feeling better
and maybe tomorrow we'll be able to like
do a full set hopefully she's gonna get
a bunch of cool shots like I said she
was like she's like literally eight
she's in the feature Ali is in a major
right now asked Ali in the future eight
it should be the secret phrase in the
comments asked Ali what you want to know
in the future that's that's what we're
gonna do tonight
good night and doesn't our bus look like
a sad bus with his eyes closed is the
tired bus will slow it first there's
this mouth in his eyes
beside boss I'll see you guys tomorrow
good night
what
where's the sexy
which are tripping
to me
