so I went to connect to our Wi-Fi and I
saw that one just thought was kind of
funny
morning guys
another day another Walmart champa
shopping challenge supermarket sweet get
15 minutes and we have to go skiing can
I do it or do I get left behind
going skiing and all that stuff I need
to get some blogs I think this will be
good
5 bucks that's awesome I feel like I
need to have some serious like ski
attire is that as I could
it's not a good one a shake for this
fellow scary little too scary what do
you think that'd work or should I do
this a little scary give me all your tic
tacs there I got a new hat look at the
corner it's it's it's making babies I
just talked to Alex she's on a plane
ride to Thailand
I think used to be on the plane for like
20 hours so yesterday's vlog I actually
edited and I am trying to upload right
now through my to the bus Internet's for
the next couple days I will be in charge
of the entity
and then I think she's gonna come out
with the last leg of the US tour which
is gonna be kind of fun once she's over
in town and I think she's gonna be 18
hours that like me ahead of us was like
a full day today I don't know if we're
gonna see much of Ali because she's
gonna be on a plane for the longest time
I will be entertaining and I will follow
my face for you several times and
filming and now the snow shows up
waitwait some of the Northwest right now
Oregon right cool
walking up in Converse very bad idea
this is our ghost warm up here there we
go classy way to do it dumb or the
matrix the matrix style
smells like feet in here that helps look
you should pretty stuff don't one-to-ten
scale maybe 11 a parachute pants were a
good idea though
so my socks are soaking wet because of
their stupid shoes so I macgyvering my
own type of socks I moved them down to
the I'm sure you can rescue someone over
there
like a car look like a carnival ride
like a fair is safer than water
nobody really hope you guys this might
be one of those like one of those videos
where it's just gonna be like a silent
film or very echoey but you're in a case
for safety first
my god
well God he's gonna hurt so bad
oh my god stop I just stopped I just
stopped I'm going again I think I'd like
you enjoying the snow
look at the winter wonderland
all right so I was just talking to JJ
and he suggested that I switch maybe you
try skis because I'm here as well try it
might be a little easier hey yo she's
killing it by the way so I'm gonna
switch over and gonna try skis whee
so I would have tried skiing but it's so
nice out right now I decided to try this
camera still I totally killed two
cameras today but was worth it was it
worth it you guys having fun today tell
me which one's your favourite fail was
your favorite fault your bail
my favorite bail in the comments right
now and actually tell me what extremes
for it you want me to try next I think
that we that should be the next thing
all right
I'm kind of getting the hang of this
it's a little easier I actually have no
idea where I just took out another turn
how about myself Pizza french fries
pizza french fries pizza french fries
so everyone left me because it gets I
feel like snowboarding is a lot easier
for me and so I just hitched a ride with
the snowmobile guy I think I'd be
everyone looking it's like that oh you
can't really see it but there's like
this weird like effect going around it's
just toasted you have fun laughs holy
one part part black diamond I'm calling
out of work tomorrow scooters will play
guitar oh man this cameras gone it's
gone so we're back at the hotel and my
shoes are soaked so I'm gonna try to dry
them and take that right in the middle
right in the middle there's just a hot
tub you like that do you use it I
shoulda you should have just lounge in
there when somebody walks in what's up
guys pass the soap dry my shoes the
old-fashioned way wait time to dry and
now we have dry shoes I'm just finishing
up on the vlog before I can go to bed
and I just I heard Ally just landed and
they just called me landed in Japan and
hopefully we can FaceTime also today is
my dad's birthday so I want everyone in
the comments say happy birthday papa
trippy so he can read them because he's
always watching them and he reads the
comments and stuff so tell him happy
birthday he'll love reading them and
stuff like that so yeah happy birthday
dad are you in Japan yeah
first thing what just happened to us we
were walking into like a little
convenience store in one of the
terminals in the airport and Lizzy walks
up to the counter and and the girls are
just like they are like freaking out
about her earring Q they're Japanese
they're like oh my god they're play I
went snowboarding and I did really
really awesome week
no I fell on my face lots and lots of
times oh no all right let's try again
but are you proud to be my snowboarding
action well get get the Thailand safe I
love you alright
it's hardly wait
yes
giddy with trippy
Rippey an ally don't forget
