good morning guys
welcome to the airport on our way to
Chicago think oh crap so nervous does a
little bit late for the flight spot is
the base
I dropped our off at the airport around
like 6:30 which is awesome because it
allows me to get up super early do my
run that I always do every single day
usually Sunday's for some reason I try
and push myself a little bit more I have
this app and it's like a challenge that
you do every Sunday where you run three
miles
so I already did my morning run I
actually did my morning run before this
torrential downpour now I am trying to
make myself breakfast because I have not
had our purse and I ran out of all my
egg whites a little less and what I
usually have in the morning so I had to
add some a discipline which is sooo
delicious too and then I put my greens
in there well let that cook up a little
bit I'm Eric Sykes NC brother is funny
looking good so we just got to the
accessible stage let's take a walk
towards edge and so it's like a mini
like mini Festival the goal and I are
kind of wandering around to see what we
can find
second what's going on feels like it
dirty war
my hands too so giant Nate and I are
going over and just having what is this
like a beer tasting this one's called
great stars and unicorn please like book
basic bone so these cups are so funny I
love them
typical it sir what you call Nick the
butcher
go find the coolest one
laughter
so in the comments right now I want you
guys to tell me what this lighting rig
that Nate's setup reminds you of my
precious I am pretty stoked for today's
show
apparently the beer tasting was Nate and
I were participating in was at four and
then the show starts around 6:00
man and that's really call him whatever
three eight seven eight thirty oh there
we go
take it over I'll some can take it I'll
get a hold of your thing you do uh Danny
I got a diamond lock is too early for
don't
well it might rain good job Frankie
quality trying to get you over here
that's what I'm gonna do it wasn't wait
wait would my balls okay what's my fault
what did I do something nineteen
hundred's when we watch this thank you
now y'all I don't know you just watch
this place you're like thanks a lot what
do I got you a ride to your hotel so
since I was supposed to be well Allie
and I were supposed to be gone on our
honeymoon and I wasn't going to be
playing the show but at the last minute
I was like I felt kind of bad so come on
we'll play the show as a result I got my
own room because I wasn't technically
supposed to be here and then they oh wow
wait by the water and then it's fun like
throwing around here this is awesome
look at it yeah I throw the drone up
unfortunately it looks like it's one
kind of
raining but before it did I wanted to
come out look around here and just fly
the drone a little bit because I love it
when we're not in a no-fly zone that can
just get some cool shots gotta find a
good spot set up and do this I was still
always so nervous while doing it even
though I'm not in a place where I can't
do it
I think I hear that but I got the thing
back just in the nick of time it's about
frickin rain I don't even know if the
show honestly we're gonna be able to go
on they were sure with the 100% rain and
we go on at 8:00 so we'll see I was
going to make the grave mistake of
coming all over the Chicago and getting
a cheeseburger then I realized was like
oh the hell I'm in Chicago I got to find
a Chicago dog
it almost was blasphemous I couldn't
find this place there's lighting
everywhere telling him in court I just
brought the weather with me I just want
to go on our view trip two more days so
I gotta keep saying to myself two more
days this will probably do well that was
a waste of time
are you kidding me
what I can't believe I'm actually about
now two miles I've walked for a frickin
hot dog granted there's nothing else I
could possibly do because we already had
soundcheck and we don't play for another
five hours if the show goes on so I
figured why not I don't just sit in the
hotel room even though I do have my own
room what they kind of feel bad about at
the same time nope
gonna take it you pulled I don't look
pooped you don't look tired at all look
at that tails going a million miles a
minute as you can see in the background
getting all of our laundry done because
I don't want to come home to that once
we finish with our trip which is in two
days and I'm so incredibly excited I'm
starting to like gather all the things
that we need that way tomorrow we're not
rushing Charles gets home at like 4:00
this is our really awesome handy-dandy
like dog bowls reusable plastic plates
and cop
we got a propane this is also a really
cool water thing that we got for the
dogs of course we've got some bug spray
because if you guys know me my big
mosquito fan whatsoever hydration
backpacks we're going to do a ton of
hiking a ton of hiking I feel like we're
going to all these really beautiful
States and really beautiful places that
I want to make sure that we are outside
as much as possible and we're keeping
the dogs outside as much as possible I
also went and started getting all of the
food almonds and cranberries and Apple
pieces things of that sort we're going
to do a lot of grilling so I got a lot
of meat and I know this is really silly
unlike you guys not me I'm kind of a
coffee freak and I have coffee every
single day so it has my camping coffee
mug I'm very excited about it but that's
pretty wasn't been doing and trying to
get her laundry done turning as a house
cleaned really I feel like as boring
typical Sunday and we're still trying to
figure out which pack though because
I've been checking the weather in
various places and it's really
interesting a lot of places are blazing
hot all day and then when it comes to
the evening it's like drops under like
30 or 40 which for us Floridians is
pretty damn cold and being that we're
going to take the dogs aside and walk
them a lot
we have to make sure that we're prepared
for every type of weather situation
rain snow excruciatingly heat
potentially getting sopping wet
everything light because I don't want to
do what I typically do which is over
packed but I also want to pack smart
I'm so excited to drive this beast of a
machine and hopefully hopefully nothing
goes wrong I'm a little bit nervous but
I don't think it I don't think things
will go wrong but I'm definitely a
little bit nervous are you ready to go
on a trip we're going to hike with it
we're going to go hiking I want to show
you squirrel friends Zoey I'm going to
go camping wanna roast marshmallows
muga squirrels I think they're really
excited trap you seen purple broccoli
Bush before of you I am good actually
is it as Brock is a cauliflower oh well
I feel like an idiot
Oh
look at me the upper that was our green
room today looks like a jail transport
doesn't it with our going to prison to
that ridiculous come on give me back
back here it looks crazy neat so yes I
did
yeah it's going hold it that's all good
I died with Alex
my man's wait let's go all right okay
time to go to bed and then get on their
plane go home and get ready for this
road trip I will see you guys tomorrow
as always don't forget to subscribe
because the next couple weeks are going
to be awesome I'm looking forward to a
lot so have a good night guys I'll see
the mom starts to start
