now that's animal sign morning morning
where's your somebody made a sign that
says hi mom imon gucci vision do you
remember her name
she's got into this bunk now all right
Travis what did you get here strawberry
shake we're going over on new kids on
the block
we'll see this okay New Kids on the
Block book it's all kinds of facts okay
this is Greta by the way okay granite
read read some of the favorite things
that Donnie Wahlberg likes to do first
of all he's 511 155 pounds ladies hit
blond hair his favorite thing is peace
out he's still 100 it's amazing a quiet
dinner in a walk around Boston afterward
he wants to be their date act to the
best he can be and to make the North
Side posse well hang tough I'm out of
here
who had word up who's the one have word
up Donnie
Joey Wow
I think we need up a wee the Kings book
what would yours be guys I lost my
iPhone I can't believe I'm hungover
again
I don't know that one is but a few new
keys in the box
nobody knows my name so Dan you want to
tell me your little story with your
laundry all my clothes are gone
everything and all my clothes all my
awesome t-shirts my jeans that I love
apparently there's a scheme or something
where they come and get your laundry
they do your laundry and then they sell
it to the boutiques in the area and I
called someone it was okay I have a big
old bag of dirty laundry I need I need
some help cuz you can wash it and they
have like as little Maps like yeah we do
laundry cute little puppy under the Sun
so they come their faces are tattoo
they're just like literally the best and
I just give them all my clothes like
they're like okay sure so Danny is no
clothes so we're going to a boutique now
maybe I'll look and see if we can find
some don't worry go we have plenty of I
love redheads shirts for you oh you be
that guy I feel guilty because I didn't
want like that was my character to not
judge these people about everything in
every way she has the thing is like
first he was judging and then he got
confirmed by Travis and Greta that the
boutique said that happens a lot so
today it is what time is it it's like
1:00 o'clock yeah we'll see if his
clothes come back later
we'll go get Starbucks we got another
guy now we're bringing we're bringing
Freeman with us to go to our coffee a
coffee runs they do oh my
I am so excited for this giant talent
and I go great getting it great but it's
not this one I gotta save her okay so I
did well this is this is Big Joe sounds
so good holy guacamole
it's so awesome it's an old Chevy that's
beautiful I feel like this looks
terrible
I mean I don't think it's supposed to
look good probably not no see for
Charles I think that's pretty cool
hey eighties do that often occurs only
jacket like that with your glasses on
her she can get this one that was my
plan what's the bag just said all right
oh it's that screams Freeman right there
I think it's my color what's-his-name
from Modern Family
that's totally assured and I think it's
great the Vegas in you is coming out
right now
Edie's Vegas started getting too freaked
out we just stumbled on the place so you
went in to go check and picture it this
is an establishment it actually exists
you don't I mean that's good it's a
positive
everything good - amazing things happen
in there first and foremost the lady to
pick it up is behind the counter folding
stuff so I didn't even but what is this
it was a bin it said free stuff
I'm gonna try and squeeze into sure
that'll be a gift by morning
for extension good job
oh I broke it I mean I can't accept you
fix it right
tying a lot apparently Oh youth media
yeah yeah next time change for this in a
fake mustache did you get them
oh you have a cape you're allowed to
cross remember the other day the other
day I've mentioned that scooter needs to
have his own cape a lovely girl made
scooter a cape copyright Superman wait
she even put like little stars on the
super that's awesome I'm gonna show you
some other presents and somebody made
this there's like almost every title of
every vlog which is insane as recognize
any of them
photos silly silly drew t-shirt handmade
so yeah that's real so we're in
Sacramento this is the first time I've
ever been to Sacramento and I actually
when I woke up in the bus I was like
wait I know I know somebody here and the
guys from Smosh Ian and Anthony I think
Anthony is coming out I just texted him
Ian's sick so they're coming out to the
show a little mini YouTube gathering
which is gonna be kind of cool and I
just talked to Ali she's got a GoPro too
so I'm really jealous she's gonna be
filming you know a cool underwater stuff
in Thailand I'm really jealous but did I
mention I'm jealous that she's getting a
GoPro - oh thank you - Ken hey hey does
anyone want a hot italian anyone hot
italian well it's like pick-up sticks
that's true pee but I'm just mesmerized
simple things in life I took both GoPros
because I'm gonna go skiing for the
first time tomorrow we're gonna go to
Oregon and go skiing there's like gonna
cute this is creepy like people ate SARS
oh yeah we're gonna go skiing I'm
horribly gonna go snowboarding so I have
both the GoPros and I'm gonna stop
overhead and you guys gonna go and
probably fall all over the place because
I feel like I can do it though conserve
and I could skateboard so I feel like I
can do it walk on this yesterday was
kind of a bummer Ali had like saddest
day ever with all the because she made
it though and I got to spend like three
hours with her you know Shane Phil or
awesome and they drove me to the airport
so I got to spend extra time with her so
it's better than nothing it sucks being
like you know missing each other I might
fly home the first I just found out we
have a day off so I fly home the first I
think she comes home the first so that
might be good so hopefully that works
out hopefully there's no delays on her
flight but definitely after this trip
we're gonna get this tour organized in
Ali's going to be living on that tour
bus a lot more I know you guys are gonna
want that if you want Ali to be living
on the tour bus a lot more let me know
in the comments and I will relay that to
her ASAP again anyone want a hot italian
no I was looking at the tour dates to
like the next couple tours are not
Taurus on the dates on the show the
shows like Seattle Oregon Idaho like all
states here let me show you I'm gonna
show you my
like all states that I have not been
like basically every single place we go
I always try to take a photo so like on
the iPhone it does that little map thing
and I want to show you mine okay hold on
okay so this is where I've taken photos
okay then if you zoom in on the states
you know I've been like all over the
states right and definitely the East
Coast I haven't been to a couple states
up there
but definitely not over here on the west
and I want to be hitting up all these so
I'm pretty it's kind of a nerd thing I
know I know a little bit nerdy just the
goal I want to try to have a pinpoint
everywhere in the world with auto giant
base we do it
let's book it's supposed to go in here
right here Oh behind the bag closed
super close
let's go sleeping fine with a ball way
Loren's that I should film this I didn't
want to but it's like the life on the
road she's made a good point my shoes
don't stink but if they have germs okay
so I'm just just infecting them a little
bit then you got to do the bonk
then the other do Greta just everyone
everyone just bathe and lights off I
don't know maybe this will help
I didn't want to tell this but she made
me do it I know I don't stick it's my
shoes stick though so it was currently v
almost 15 till 11:00 guess what I'm
doing working out because Justine game
here it's a DVD so I'm gonna go and work
out I'm not excited about it but needs
to be done
why would you gotta play a rock and roll
shadow gonna play rock'n'roll show
swingers
yeah
because to another life
you don't like the thought back to Yoshi
we do Saeng alright keep it with a
little torch man again
what were you doing there buddy I didn't
have a knife see this is how it's done
I've been trying to explain like certain
things though you just have to deal with
I guess being on the road knives are one
of a rough lemon right here so you take
it and it works pretty hooks although
the final product here I got too lazy to
spread it on the whole piece like out of
this gold and now you know
turning off light time to do it hello
your wonder what it's like backstage
behind the scenes we finish applause
there's your crazy get it get it boy
broke its lay it slam it down slow down
there we go I gave you five tonight
no Cole I said go for go ahead go to
kick gonna kick coin raid the head all
right all right guys somebody's gonna
get hurt
fake out they go bounce it up out it up
I don't think we'll ever find out my
boys are so are we watching your
visually coming up that was Danny are
you contributing to this TV hey how's it
going hi hi
look we found in his sick so he couldn't
come which actually I killed it
yeah we do here anyway so we're just
showing how crazy we are on the body
this party is so off the hook right the
pga over there
the corndogs and Coley eating chips
yes
giddy with child tripping
really
