good morning people time to get insane
she's being submissive but she's also
antagonize his he's pinning her down
with the squeaky toy what's one on Mars
yeah get him get him get him back down
that's a good strike right there that's
true seems like a bad idea to very
expensive tour buses and then Travis and
Yoshi throwing a baseball
ah like this style like straight-up open
punk rock
gonna be a good show you're feeling like
this one oh my god they're still to me
that's awesome not that I don't have
good feelings about other shows just the
first time I've ever been in Arizona
good feeling I'm going once going twice
I'm so convenient second road she's an
8g to match the cunado scam respond
hairdo back I'm about the business we
were trying to think of the most iconic
country songs other than the key breaky
heart this is up there I radio we cover
the song
just taking over blogging I'm very good
assembly line helping me crank out the
last bit of our show we have a guy
getting the hoodies downtown label label
and then he's over there taping tape
musta tape mile stuff lots of the tapes
and I just sort of stand here and that's
why it's efficient oh oh ah I'm so news
they realize it now he had a cup on his
car he was slow down no he's gonna be so
mad later when his thirst where's my
coffee so I just got off the phone with
Justine and oh hey just got off the
phone with Justine Shay and Phil and
everybody for the show tomorrow and
they're all coming to the show I'm
really still not only do I get to see
all my friends and stuff like that but
they're actually coming to the show and
filming it in the band's pretty stock
and we're gonna do another band photo so
yeah it's gonna pretty cool and I've
different Arizona so they're just kind
of wander around see what's going on all
right let's find something to do hmm
sobei the side also just got off the
phone my lovely wifey and she's getting
our plane so she'll be landing around I
don't know like I think the same time we
actually get to LA to so looking a
really really really excited for that
that's cool should we just call today's
video hot latin salsa it seems it's hot
Sun that seems like a YouTube thumbnail
that's exactly two title right there
look at this I just was walking there's
a giant TV style chair right there that
is pretty amazing these new kitchens oh
yeah how do the danger some good oh my
god I'll record player yeah we do that
is really how was your wallet still in
your pocket here hey put all this stuff
is amazing so cool bridges bouncing back
from antique chopped antique shop and
would you just get Yoshi Yoshi likes
playing this guy's game so I got him
small dice so he can't cheat pepper like
the smallest days ever and then they had
the biggest one chemical
alright so antique shop number four yeah
oh yes amazing guys are following me I
remember that yeah you do built-in
electronic flash my goodness yeah it's
like american pickers whoa okay I feel
like we're yeah we're on american
pickers Teletubby I found a Teletubby
and Ron McDonald world's creepiest doll
I love you what what's going on there
Jack Geppetto what are you doing to that
dog California raisin so it's on Danny I
remember having this and it's like worth
50 bucks apiece
oh my god is that case Wow comes with a
cricket bat I used to have a little bit
of a crush on april O'Neil mine how
about a mr. t doll what is this
ghostbusters is that a gay it's an Atari
2600 Wow still an original wrapping I
didn't know was on the Atari 2600 though
we're getting multiple angles just for
extra coverage I'm just gonna film you
because this is really no way you're
sinning is that not burning you through
the shirt if it doesn't like stay on for
too long and what exactly are you doing
tax my head so Luke is over here was
enough visit home and she apparently
really freaked out when mr. bill says
his little oh no you don't like that
it'll like that baby girl let's find it
scooter turned it off that is fine oh
all right let's see this one uh that's
good don't mess it Kristen
ok good for this I'm working on this for
years Kohli we're good on this beer yeah
it's a bass oh it's felt the same way
been working on that for four years that
me arsenal
do not push look what I got today simply
made it and then this send more some
more dog toys and a apparently there's
an act and I Katie action movie when we
were in Brazil this kid named so that's
really cool I just displayed my favorite
photos in the world we need to get Ali
to do one now somebody I think I name
was rob and get got me a little angry
bar bird pig I don't know what they're
called just a pig and i've been using it
as like a pillow lately in my bunk and i
was sleeping and I went to move around
and I got caught in this league little
like my fingers got caught right here
and I was so confused i turn the light
on and everything I can't figure this
out like there's like is this like an
angry bird butthole look at this what's
the point of that wait you're saying
that you put your hand through the angry
but what the a clock yeah right what is
the point of that it's an angry butthole
hold on no it's a tail oh is it it's a
tan whoa no cuz that's on sale I think
or did I just get what's what's that
thing where your butthole comes out it's
an angry ping it's an angry peg with the
butthole right I was I was so baffled I
literally in the middle of the night
just turned a light on in my bunk and I
was like examining and trying to figure
out what it was this is the last time I
can take a shower and I'm just looking
at it look at this so I get my sandals
I'm getting all prepared and I didn't
ah clean Charles is clean all right
Sabrina will see your awesome nails
there we go miss all sir it's pretty
simple I'm salsaing all right so is this
video coming around all rights going all
around who taught him you teach him TV
show she's one of dance now take one
foot back it's all right cuz you gotta
have the hot salsa part see their salsa
you're like others this video just came
full circle right there hi hi my name's
Coley my name is Coley I'm a Scorpio I
love cereal it's true he loves coffee
cereal if you guys ever want to know
what Khloe likes anyway guys time to go
to bed start tripping over everywhere um
yeah so I'm gonna go to bed early
tomorrow's gonna be a long day la
everyone's coming out Allie's flying out
I'm so excited this hi honey I'm so
excited to see you I wish as OEM Harley
were there but i will see you guys
tomorrow good night I get excited to
mostly be a fun fun day so all right
good night guys I'm gonna let Mesa
Arizona say goodnight to you guys
ok so today's sticker phrase is whatever
you want I just want you whatever
support what you're thinking about right
now type in the comments that's this
could be kind of to be kind of scary but
yeah type what you're thinking about
right now in the comments all right
here's Mesa Arizona saying good night
guys
see what you did
it's coming army waiter
hey where's easy a sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
where's with chubby and hairy
don't forget so a morally
you
