dig deeper y'all dig deeper yeah it's
short it's nice today I reach every day
morning guys so I'm gonna shooting this
excuse me
now I'm gonna be shooting this video
here Ali and I are doing this video it's
actually if we win the video like
there's like a contest we actually win a
bunch of money goes to the SPCA's where
I was talking about earlier take it in
to what Ali was shooting yesterday so
Danny's gonna help in the guys are gonna
help me film this and hopefully get it
taken care of so yeah I got a big fan
I'm gonna see if it blows Fabio Fabio
wins on me so we're in Albuquerque New
Mexico never been here before it's nice
I haven't seen it they just walked out
of the bus right now so he's like
Delaware
actually I don't think I've ever been in
Delaware either there's a line
per visit to visit Peruvian llama burger
don't believe it I'm losing to it rugs
let's go buy some vacuums vacuum and
that's cleaning which is ironic cuz Mike
what oh just in case you guys need some
just left right there to advise it's
probably the most manly manly section
this is just in case you get your man on
this is Jeff is doing for slavery I'm
carrying really heavy stuff so she's
gonna carry that what else do you do
with it
guys we're playing I feel like this
camera is dying does this feel like
blurry between Ally's and my footage
like does this one seem blurrier I don't
know I've been like cuz I just shot that
video are using Danny's camera it's the
same one I feel like this one is
actually getting more blurry so yes
they're noticing difference tell me in
the comments crawl have to buy a new one
especially before Europe and stuff maybe
I'll have Ally bring hers out and what
can that do like a double test but right
now it just seems blurry that's pretty
cool I like this I think it's gonna be
the first time we get to put up the new
banner
get this new banner which is like the
the tour shirt which is the you know the
monsters us all attacking so I think
they'll be actually big enough we can
actually use that there's Kali the
crossing guard keeping the busy traffic
of 1:1 pickup truck
fearful there we go
you got wind over there yeah all right
look good job Coley blocking traffic you
know that's right you slide over now
flight I'll come in
you're always talking about this fence
right there
all right Internet looking at this right
now what type of gum comes directly to
mind right now I'll give you a hint it's
the worst piece of gum that you buy it's
the best piece of gum you can have for
10 seconds then after that you're just
chewing it because you hate it and
you're angry you know what I'm talking
about where you just chew gum we're just
like just want to destroy it tell me in
the comments guessing game though
everyone's in their Sunday best getting
a new band photo in front of that little
zebra Sunday is it something no it's
Thursday our Thursday best there's you
look all fancy over there we're gonna
try to take a band photo in front of the
other thing that I don't always the coma
change so I just filmed with my my
little ends and we also did a new band
photo which Danny is currently editing
right now you're photoshopping on your
phone
Travis is writing songs
now did you change begin a man of many
different wardrobe so yeah this is the
photo that we just took see what you
guys think
came out pretty cool right what do you
guys think pretty good I think we should
use it that's pretty good I like it
so after shooting that video I kind of
like tore apart my entire bunk I thought
I lost my lip this is like kind of like
my lucky shirt like like this is one of
my oldest shirts I've ever had from the
70s or 80s or something like that
83 so it's older than I am a 28 years
old was crazy but the reason why it's
like my favorite shirt is because my dad
gave me this when I was one of his old
tour shirts and I'm taking a little a
lesson out of hunters book is basically
wear the same clothes every show so you
only you know dirty one pair of clothes
so I've been using this right and it was
so bummed I thought I lost it and
campaigned Amish yeah he says my dad
gave it to me he used to wear it now I'm
gonna wear it on stage and I thought I
lost it and I was frantically tearing
apart everything Caitlyn and Hunter
we're like thinking I was going crazy
and it was I it was at the very last
place honestly it was like one of those
cliche moments where was the last place
it could possibly look found it so I'm
in a good mood I was in such a crappy
mood but now I'm good so if you guys
have been wondering why I've been
wearing the same clothes sorry this one
probably smell call you want to smell my
shirt by the bet no all right you guys
are so stinking cute it is disgusting
look at you two they do this every
single day they lay together on this one
pillow there are two pillows but they're
together right here you guys are so cute
do you love your cousin do you love your
cousin filming weird
this is like insane what is it Oh two
boxes thank you baby this is really
sweet
switch it up every once in a while
we're bit better
dude why can't I have any pickles
drive me to Tampa
oh I'm sad I don't think you guys can
see that but there are there's some
dolphins is there a pod of dolphins
there's that whales
Oh oh my gosh oh my gosh so many wait no
that is not that's right
we literally just took technology okay
so how much of a dome so that was I
don't even want to tell us the whole
story I don't even want to talk about
I'm gonna start crying again so we're
coming here to exchange an item and I
I'm like I'm all excited cuz we're going
them on the other car and I look at
house and she's like okay I don't like
wait what and I felt like something
nicked her cars I'm like what happened
she's like and then she starts to walk
back and I'm like oh no oh no cuz I
don't have it I don't have and lots of
crying ensued yes but now we're at the
mall so all time so I was crying a bunch
cuz I need to get a longer chain for the
necklace that Charles just got me and
it's kind of a funny story because he
bought me a necklace once before and it
was it wasn't the one that we had talked
about getting so he kinda I mean it's
not like the wrong one this jewelry and
it's beautiful I appreciate it anyway so
we returned it and he did it again and
he got there again so I'm just gonna
exchange it for the record and it's
pretty funny cuz he wrote on my
Valentine's card this probably isn't the
right one again and it wasn't again but
he tries so hard and it's really cute
and I love her
and you know I'm love his wifey on the
planet and also the dumbest wifey on the
planet okay so we finally got to the
mall to run some errands and look at who
we ran into
what's your name Freddie do you have
anything you'd like to say to the
Internet and also she loves me the Kings
so I'm gonna try and call Travis now
father and he'll talk it's a nice to
meet you let's go a nice sign hi guys
hey shirt after show party at the party
it's like we just played a baseball game
this is like after the baseball game who
hit the homerun oh that was so good for
you man Stephen did that looks like a
frickin bomb so loud remember that was
like two years ago the same guy who gave
all the RC cars we actually met up with
him yesterday where were we where we
were yesterday well I'm actually having
one of those moments where I literally
have no idea where we were anyway he
gave us that and he also sent one two
years ago we sent the raw RC cars anyway
thank you say good night
he's going to bed
I love you
I see it a couple days
I feel like I should do this so like
wrong like the same level there we go
goodnight honey alright guys the
template of the bed this first time in
New Mexico that was it was an awesome
experience you guys were amazing a lot
tomorrow is the first time in Arizona so
I'm really looking forward to that
tally comes out on the 17th or something
for LA so good to see her up really
excited
which secret phrase should be something
like
Albuquerque is
court
right I've been thinking all day just
kind of POD that office I just thought
of it
so getting my bus legs I will see you
guys tomorrow I love you guys you guys
have been amazing I'm so supportive
thank you guys so much for supporting us
for a little
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
good night I guess
worse
which are tripping
with champion
you
