morning guys we are in love McGlynn ik
Texas I think is what the - switch Siri
told me and I just found out there's
free gym with three showers free
bathrooms oh yeah that's like gold that
literally is like striking gold oh this
is nice
nice long mmm anything like you told you
the head just don't want to her head
alright
I feel better I've been keeping I've
been keeping my promise at least an hour
and a half today's agenda while we're in
Texas I gotta find somebody here cutting
machine because Cola is gonna try to cut
my hair he says he could do it it's
getting kind of long I feel like I'm not
gonna be able to go home and get a
haircut anyway so might be interesting I
think he can do it he cut his hair all
its own hair yesterday they got a hair
accessories gotta have it here I'm
really kind of nervous I think you can
do it though oh man that is lucky the
last painter the absolute lie the way it
oh I don't need my eyebrows okay this is
the shooting and I'm fun Jesse come blow
my hair with your little magic ready
problem we're shooting a sensual
bathroom scene not really but this is
pretty cool the video that we're
shooting is actually we're trying to win
a competition with wife of noughts and
we're doing it's a like a charity
competition so whoever wins gets a bunch
of money donated to the charity of their
choice and we chose the ASPCA i'm dottie
is on the case helping me out yeah we
just realized that we shot a whole
window where the image stabilizer on and
ever have shot on the 7d with an image
stabilizer lens it makes a very loud
clicking noise so we have to reshoot
like you get bored sigh fingers I think
I'm ready for at least two days all
right we got barber Koli let's do this
is this like so what do you want to do
if I need to do okay
wet your hair well here got it you want
a haircut coleye how many hair to cut
the hair how many hairs of you cut
before in your life
oh I got a few hairs have had mostly
dudes sweet
it all started cuz I can cut my own hair
yeah you cut it yesterday
his hair was pretty awesome right now
this is how you do it guys right in
front of a tour bus doesn't even matter
rock and roll haircuts some purified
water right some eight dollar shears
from Walgreens
oh hi how's it going just getting a
haircut no big deal
all right I want all of you guys now to
go follow Koli on Twitter he didn't
awesome job or he's doing an awesome job
otherwise I seriously he's like three
months on the road I probably looked
like a hobo I would look like Danny with
like longer hair I think my hair grows
so long it would just like be insane
who's next the haircut it is Robin hey
Robin
and look what she dropped off a giant
angry angry birds pig and a bunch of
stuff from Zoey my Kimberly's look up
and say hi to her right now that other
bag is for you and O'Malley really
what's in it there's two couple of
wieners and arrow key chains that I made
oh really
I will check that out as soon as a Koli
doesn't have sharp scissors to my figs
yeah go for it
my channel is robbing l rush on YouTube
doctor has some celebratory champagne
for us dogs are way down at the same
time like so cute
now we're just fixing it up
like seriously everyone needs to go on
Twitter and tell Kohli that he did an
amazing job this is awesome I'll put his
Twitter down there in the video
description help
best haircut ever make the Webster look
so pretty you realize oh yeah right here
if you were just standing there at a bar
like this alright so if you're just like
this they were like that girl's hot
that's what we're thinking yeah
now you still look like a dude yeah
you're totally a dude got take the
jacket off let the hair how many times
I've gotten from behind I'm standing in
line and some dude will be like before
it yeah the ritual I can feel it like
Travis okay hold still I think I like
that it's all about starting something
this house has all of a sudden ders
becoming sandy because we're doing
insanity but also because it's just
insane we have five dogs like 20 people
and it's just much Melissa try to figure
out dog Deauville ha ha ha Darth Maul's
lightsaber the baton actually called it
earlier too much to our dismay this is
apparently like a frickin okay right
good
oh it's a proprietary
we band ever to have like sounds of
Dicker's I've been fighting you guys you
guys want to be a part of
that's all right so we just got done
playing the gym closes in like 30
minutes
so we're gonna go work out a little bit
and then take a free shower got to
utilize these showers man good show that
was an awesome show Charles gonna work
it something in fresh towels you know I
think I'm gonna lift a few weights maybe
going to the Octagon challenge again you
want to do MMA with me and just fight
each other we'll set the camera up on
the tripod we do the GoPros I'll be
Travis versus Charles and Vanessa cage
cage drink it's nobody gets out alive
well we should make it like taller so it
would be like Andre the Giant stuff like
that's scary I don't know I don't know
this place is amazing thank you body
works for letting us come here for free
more extreme karate yes I could do that
I just don't feel like doing it right
now
I could totally beat him up too I don't
want to I want to do it it'd just be bad
for his reputation all right where do
you want to go a start somewhere
well I'm an idiot all I brought were
jeans so would be the guy working out in
jeans all right you need this on that's
to make sure they look
like super cool the cool factor is gone
oh well I tried
Oh tough man contest no big deal rolling
strong men don't realize is they we
control it they don't have to do it like
end-over-end
it's a wheel it just goes for challenge
alright guys well it Abed it was kind of
I think I'm actually the last one up on
the bus right now I'm just uploading all
the stuff to Ally right now I'll see you
guys tomorrow
honey love you very much good night to
you and Zoey Marley and what you see the
secret phrase gave me something Peter
Piper picked a bunch of peppers
that's the secret phrase the most random
thing that's just popped in my head
Peter Piper picked a peck peck about
your peppers you spend the commo
you guys gonna go to bed I'll see you
guys tomorrow
I gotta get here before Frank our driver
gets here that's good water New Mexico's
most New Mexico for seven every Mexico a
pretty comfortable pants oh good night
guys see you tomorrow
yes
giddy with child tripping
ple
you
