hello Valentine fairy you're so cute
those look delicious oh wait they have
little nametags and I really I feel like
I'm filming these I think there's like
the same progression of us realizing
there's something good happen that's so
cute you are just like a little fairy I
open my door and she's like okay no
ma'am good morning
Texas this is I walk down with like all
bundled up we all did with like jackets
wait it's amazing after like a week and
a half we're at Walmart doing our little
our little pit stop that we always do
get some food I got to get some props
we're gonna shoot a video for Ally's
channel it's like a contest video it's
actually for charity so it's actually
I'm really pumped for this video
so I gotta get some props in the store
in the Bay but uh yeah maybe I can
actually beat this cold now I need to
find like an oscillating fan I don't
remember the last time I ever bought one
oh this is even better than an
oscillating fan wait better oh man I
hope it's such a stress attack doing
this all right I have to try to eat
healthy
it's got to be healthy but it's gonna be
frozen food so it's kind of like you
know what it feels like it feels like
that TV show supermarket sweep we have
to do everything in like five minutes
exactly what this is right now
I get some classic peanut butter jelly
so today is not Sunday and is not a
cheating day so I'm not technically
allowed to eat this in this Valentine's
Day so I don't think I should be
withheld
you know from enjoying a little snack on
a holiday that's my opinion what do you
think the little stinking princess and
here's the little stinkin Prince all
asleep a chiming I saw you falling
asleep you go boy then we have this
how're you doing literally facing a wall
normal normal freak of nature so you're
just gonna stare at the wall alright
cool so I just walked in the venue and
listened right there
strung out they got like this venue
already oh yeah oh please tell me that's
not a toilet oh my god oh okay well I
don't like this part of it today you
back into the running now that is a
freaking the old easy dog do this nice
feeling under the public golf place
silly fish you're supposed to be in the
water the other birds all the speakers
it doesn't it feels like a magical horse
duck chase live in the Internet
okay fine your MySpace fans hey Tex and
Zoe monster centipede Hill so there's
our tour bus and I look outside Yoshi
mentioned they'll look outside is
Alejandro what's your name Robert nice
repeated your own card there's stuff on
the back cool dude I'm trying to
FaceTime my husband because Melissa just
walked into my house with this beautiful
little plant these beautiful flowers I
wasn't surprised because I saw the vlog
first I was surprised because they were
very nice and I love them but I knew
they were coming so that was kind of a
feel bad but you know what just kidding
I didn't know they were coming
you are the flippin cutest puppy his arm
is just relaxed and he's just straight
chillin like yeah this is the life he's
awake now
no big eyes are closed so I had to show
you guys this is who made this right
there's Koli it knows there's John
Stamos Tamar Lane Zoe
Travis is dragging Zoe because she's
asleep and then this is Travis's baby
these awesome little monsters that this
girl named I think their name was Alex
hand made all these when I get the
little camera and everything and sadly
we didn't get her name but look at this
she made all these like mini carrot
cakes cookies shit oh dude cherry
empanadas the Alamo so I'm walking to
the Alamo I've never been there gonna be
kind of interesting I think
I mean historic to show you guys
something they're historic don't really
know the history of it um I guess I'm a
bad American but you can just Wikipedia
the Mexicans trying cross through is
like a Ford and it was like a few verses
a lot I think everyone died except two
people right
there's a plaque on it let's find us
some cool bags
this is employee the Alamo it's so crazy
it's closed
I imagine hop the fence well it beats
there's the Alamo that's a bummer
want to touch it no just kidding
this is another angle
there it is the Alamo we broke in we've
jumped over the thing don't tell anyone
you can see all the buildings behind ya
opens Majid where's the Alamo
so yeah that was the elbow we even got
to go to the basement of the Alamo
quick what movie is that from quick come
into comics one movie gonna get a
million cool boys
well okay that's scary no way to make it
kind of smoothly go sort of goes all
over the place man check in the mail
check in the mail check in the check in
that trying Jeff it's a little straight
are you fixing that Optimus Primal you
look good your thing slides soldier of
darkness whoa no your soldier of light
to drop to miss prime right you're good
oh my god you guys this mask matches my
purse look good hey do you guys want to
go get in trouble at Target come ride
the bikes sure if I already get kicked
out of the store like in a heartbeat
those kids are high the hottest show on
this place I've ever been in my entire
life so high it was like awesome but I
seriously feel like I just lost like 15
pounds preparing for this I am so ready
I was doing fjord a 42-inch pizza I just
love things that this is just but no
that's how she said though what did you
actually say I want everything made out
of okay you know now looks good you
should get this catch what have you
tried couches on it that's how you just
had your color you know it's really not
my color
this makes us sound really really loud
doctors leaving
hey I'm a cynic
I must Nick everybody manly man where is
this oh my god
let's near the bus
so is this DiGiorno that had to happen
now this thing is enormous though
amazing oh come on uh speeds up pizza
look at my hand this is this almost
stops the burger hi I'm a adversity I
think it's a commander thing we don't
finish this get some tattoos we're doing
this
right you're not even do other Sandow
there you go
guys remember this I found another one
at Target they freaking love it it's a
gift from Rizzoli
get it from look at this list of burgers
holy commode
so much reading healthy everyday we are
out full about the holiday whatever I
keep saying that everything that I eat
that fat but you know I treat myself and
I said I really was Charles right it's
really sad and we don't usually do
anything that we do develop into but it
sucks the beginning like go to dinner
anything beautiful and I feel kind of
like a dick because I didn't give him
anything but I can't really send
anything to a moving bus so that was
kind of a challenge but I love you very
much honey
and I wish that you were here and I'm
having a blast on the road and I will
eat a burger right now once I make up my
mind this is absurd
Bryan just saved us Ryan's family we
just took a nice shower at his parents
house now we're getting on this bus to
clean this ones of the bunch
now what I call Halle is this
Valentine's Day and I want to say it
and maybe you were more than Pizza hey
happy Valentine's Day
did you have a good Valentine's did you
get your flowers alright we'll go to bed
I love you and miss you alright say
goodnight to the Internet I get a little
bed now I feel like crap right now
dreaming that pizza
today's secret phrase should be like
big-ass pizzas big that's the secret
phrase to spam in the comments big ass
pizza is big and if you want to do want
to say ass to say big butt pizzas big
which is actually kind of fun
what's changing big butt pizzas baby
that's funnier I'll see you guys
tomorrow
good night
worse yet
with trippy
with trippy an early
