he's sad sad we gotta go back on an
airplane though you sad o-over you gotta
go on an airplane this is like a 10
o'clock 11 o'clock flight the latest
plan I've had in a long time though so
kudos on Ali forgetting that it's my
travel agent
welcome to trip here yeah say bye to
Daddy
pinkies bye bye bye my good man
Riley comes up I do it Marley come here
if I don't say boy he can't
love you babe love you too what know me
I hope so hope I'm gonna make you go to
the toilet
whoa Natalya bitterly I babe go shred
some guitar melt some faces love you
honey world's slowest escalator
it's like seriously what has got the
slowest s planes in the world there's TV
is that swimmin this is chilling
it's up dead so this is the first time
I've ever been to Arkansas sauces houses
home of Walmart and Bill Clinton right I
think that's right
anyway it's first time I've ever been
here I get my bag and get to the venue
and hopefully I can get there in time
for the meet-and-greet positive I didn't
lose my bag you know that was nearly
school that's a little bit better so
Melissa's not here right now I think she
had to go do an interview today so I
have to get this taken care of because
I've got a lot of crap to do today
namely Murch Charles is gone I think he
just went through Atlanta and sounded a
little rock play a show for you guys
someone doin to me and it's gonna be
really hard as I've never done it by
myself
and let's just say I need other people
to help me stay motivated so we'll see
how this goes I'm uh she's crying but
she knows how upset I'm gonna be trying
to do this by myself okay sorry so he's
very supportive I totally lied I waited
for her so that where we're going cardio
power or whatever
ah cabbie number 92 in Arkansas is a
real pain in the butt out of your septic
huh found the bus yeah he was
complaining the whole time I think oh
but it is about cab drivers and uh
credit cards but they just hate it
that's for sure
welcome to Little Rock House probably a
little bit too country
did you just completely destroy that box
look at this I say each of our care is a
destruction all right all right that's
good
with this that st. Oh iPad still finally
growing out look how gross that looks I
just cut it I'm bleeding everywhere
miserable day fogging up the camera
somebody sent me a meme of like this guy
it was like all bundled I was like I
mean you a person like an Eskimo all
bundled up and it was like Florida's
interpretation of 65 degree weather
represent true so today's the 13th is
the day before Valentine's Day and Ali
and I usually don't like necessarily do
gifts and stuff on Valentine's Day
because we think it's kind of a silly
holiday but you know like she's been so
busy she's been doing the mergers been
editor who blogs I feel like you know
she deserves
you know something so I'm sending her
some flowers right now hopefully it'll
get there in time and hopefully thorry
Ali will know about this because you
know when this when she edits this vlog
will be tomorrow morning and you know
they were to be delivering less Ali if
you're editing this tonight stop right
now stop paying attention just go
earmuffs how I just do earmuffs right
now like stop listening so I'm trying to
find some flowers to buy Ali and
hopefully I just didn't ruin this so I'm
trying to do this but it's like such a
pain in the butt like behind flowers is
such a pain in the butt because like I I
want to get good ones that aren't gonna
die in like a day I'd rather get like a
plan or something like that guys I know
guys out there like totally alright got
my side on this about flower it's like
you just they die the only man to just
die so I'd rather get like a tree like
plant a tree and at least namers but
anyway we're about to go on stage in
like 15 minutes and I'm trying to get
this done right now so I'm gonna stop
talking to you guys
yeah okay hopefully you got your
sweetheart of Valentine's and if you
don't have the sweeter and hopefully buy
yourself some candy buy yourself
something you deserve it Internet you
guys you guys are specials you're
special
crying actually now I'm just sniffing
along Oh scratch that I got a better
idea than flowers it won't be there for
Valentine's Day but honey I know you're
editing this now so okay this is better
than flowers you know it'll hopefully be
there soon
let's when it comes they're surprised
I'm actually really proud of this one
I'm getting I'm getting hot you're gonna
like this one I think so I was just
looking through some of the clothes from
yesterday to find a thumbnail for
today's vlog and there's the clip where
Charles says something about the PA RK
I'm spelling it so that Marlee doesn't
know what I'm saying because she just
heard the word in the clip and now she's
over here and was just crying because
she heard it and she really wants to go
excuse me Marlee what do you think
you're doing up there there we go now we
can play
well that show was a lot fun so amazed I
know I'm amazed by the simplest things
in life what's up dude hey I would like
to give a shout out jessalyn I told you
I'll be in the vlog
awesome work this is this is one of the
reasons why I agreed to join with the
kings and tour all over the place
is so I can meet all the CTFxC years
like this it's pretty amazing pretty
awesome
hey guys hi how are you yeah I'm loggin
hi what's a high up it's in your lip now
hold on where you do it Mulligan to
again no you guys want to see dots new
bling
uncheck this up check out that - bling
hey yeah girl okay now don't swallow
that because that's like probably
poisonous don't hit her head on the desk
hi dot
how's my brother's butt smell I do need
for kohli when he cuts his hands very
important 15 it is oh I forgot to tell
you guys sure you guys a lot of you guys
who have been wondering about the
quarter and it looks like the quarter
has spawned a offspring of sorts it's a
penny and a quarter it's not really
multiplying but it's adding they're
having babies by itself
I guess the quarter is asexual
Garfield pizza box waitwhat edges give
them you know you were shoving up the
edges like well we wanted these more
these beveled edges over here what is
that your trumpet hello Garfield looks
like a soccer ball panda bear I think
this is you this is the tricky face and
then these are the feathers is it the
gobbler I don't know what that yeah and
then there we go this thing yeah I feel
like that part of Star Wars where the
walls are like the rancor comes
well guys are
Arkansas was quite short-lived since I
landed late and our bus call was at like
11:30 or 12:00
firstly it's kind of cool you know
we go all these like cities that I
normally would never go to mr. Lake
don't really cities that post or
something too
take it
your she says go to bed look at this
thank God
care of upload you guys over to Ally
right now
Alys present all ordered so he even
though god I can't do this because like
usually when I get to Eddie she doesn't
ever sit she ever sees it but the house
is emphasized or she's in the season
Ella doesn't matter I'll see you guys
tomorrow tell me a little bit tonight
love you honey and make sure his oh and
Marley aren't being brats yet I guess
yes
with trippy
you
