more than guys time to get out of play
so I am flying home for a day on her day
off we have a day off from st. Louis and
I figured you know I should just use my
sky miles and fly home and see alleys
there wait Marley they miss them so much
and so I'm gonna fly over a day to fly
out back wherever we're at the next show
or something like that so I have to
sleep on the plane so I don't sleep all
day when I get what I actually land to
waste the whole day that would suck one
more stop because he tagged too long
time up see right where his old Ted
there is I told you I know I know you
didn't believe me hey daddy brings gifts
where he comes at home oh my gosh
yes'm Oh another iPod we got some cool
little artwork you girls excited and
then we go oh boy there's more some
other girls you have so many oh so he's
already got one
he's like I'm taking it I'm taking it
out Oh que tomar oh boy to their
respective pillows
dogs and Charles are tired okay you're
asleep you know that something something
like my daddy stuntin like my daddy
stuntin like my daddy I think Zoe's
theme song is mapping like my daddy
never like a daddy or should be sleeping
like my daddy you're not supposed to get
up while I'm sayin you're napping like
your daddy
man the pillows not actually gonna go
with a high sleepy
boogers what a family portrait oh my god
Marley are you spooning with your sister
it's always like good off me bro
get off me this girlfriend here let's go
look doctor is out there look Chris my
hair is it just woke up
what there's a monkey get it all right
bring it in ass okay let's go hey
oh no you do not work that who got the
Forever Lazy oh that would be Wyatt he
totally loved it here why you left your
Forever Lazy at my house okay ready yeah
open the doors both of them you have
done the big surprise where you put them
both open do it again redo and make a
gasping noise okay I don't go really
cool I didn't while you were sleeping
and then you woke up and so I finished
it kind of while you're awake really
good this is gonna be our viewer art
wall and we're just gonna keep adding
when people send us stuff because we
love it we love all the stuff you guys
send we want to see it we've had all of
it we've kept it but we just haven't had
a place to hang it because I was small
so now I'm out that barley looks like a
chipmunk I love all of it so we're
having these really awesome ones hanging
up on the wall oh cool oh my god where
did this go bro see I told you well well
and that was over in about 10 seconds he
was really excited and then he saw the
lightsaber let it be known that if that
thing ends up broken it's gonna be by
him and not by me we're guessing in my
hair like that so I'm taking the
biatches to the park before I leave
tomorrow you were the winner down sorry
I had to put the window down so I could
talk to you guys so what'd you guys do
Sunday do you have a nice relaxing
Sunday obviously we are sorry Marley the
window please thank you
I was just finishing up on a couple of
things of work so what she was doing
that I figured I'll just take the dogs
out and kind of
gonna miss the I slept all day I'm
eating or what the secret phrase is to
let you guys know for those new to the
CTFxC I just throw like a secret phrase
out there just to make sure people watch
the whole video you only mean like
they're like oh like a test but just
like a goofy thing I want you guys to
just make fun of me for being an idiot
and falling asleep for the 16 hours and
I'm here Ali said I could though Ali
said I could what about
getting impatient I went to the park
I never noticed this before all the
tennis ball is this sitting in the fence
it's a tennis ball graveyard
I'm sorry to think taking you two to the
park just means I'm gonna have to pick
up poop and stuff in a different place I
like this I like this haircut this
little hair style I have it's like you
like the long hair don't care style
should keep it like it finally decided
to play oh wait no just sniffing trash
put your right foot in pull it out right
foot in and shake it out okay and you
turn yourself around that's what it's
all about
I don't know what's wrong with me I'm
just like leave the cold air
like just let last week of just nothing
but cold weather from complete hot
weather just making me go crazy all
right dog faces let's go
nobody's here it's kind of creepy
wow you listened
so since Ali and I won't be able to like
spend Valentine's Day zoom first time
ever not be able to spend Valentine's
Day together we're gonna spend the 18th
and then today obviously so we're gonna
do like a nice little dinner I got her I
got her this little little cupcake
cheesecake thing
it's his Wild Thing
it's easy I know but get it cheesecake
cheesy
what are you doing it's wrong like oh
just don't take away from me it's very
very fun do you want attention
Oh Marley spoiled brat Wow why would
that you didn't feel like am i shocking
your personality is just electrified
I'm so shocking oh no you're gifted
Ally's gift isn't here yet yeah I asked
the guy give me that there you go
and I'll make you dinner and then Zoe oh
you did it what's going on as a food so
weird it's just a floating head you have
green pants where's my stick so you
enjoy your dinner
Zoe just because the flaps are up does
not make a bunch of adjectives Pippa
what do you think you're doing with your
flaps you think just because your head
reaches the table you can get what's on
it
yeah jerk good and still there so did
you miss me
cause I'll never own because they're way
too expensive I'm never gonna pay that
much money for a pair of pants oh you
sure you don't want to look like her I'm
good
come on buddy let's have a family night
come on having a family night okay
I guess I'll do it come on hop up hop up
okay we're gonna have family night now
that was my spot
anyway it's our lazy Sunday just kind of
relaxing hey since I'm only here for 18
hours so we're just gonna watch some
movies just kind of relax have family
time but yeah so family time for the
wind guys yeah we can officially say it
now is that now that we're married it
says like family time this is a trippy
time everyone took the time every day
trip again with our hairy children oh
and one last thing I just wanna say
thumbs up for flight modern flight
because it's crazy I was completely on
the other side of the country now I'm
here at my house with my Halina bottom
Carter hair and about to sleep in my own
bed it's awesome so I'm totally think
for that but yeah I just pretty crazy
right flight airplanes the same anyway
yeah I just had one of those uh
but what's the word I'm lookin to I'm so
tired I'll see you guys Martha connect
yes
with me
we're
would be an ally don't forget
