before we figure it out extra xbox extra
TV extra space now we can't work out you
ready mom insanity it's gonna be
insanity oh my god watch that knock the
whole TV off the wall bet a little bit
of extra weight I'm joking all right
here we go this is the best way to start
a morning dude this to be the most
expensive gallic game you've ever played
in your toilet I used to play this at my
doctors office right and I was always
baffled by like why are there bees in
space just put another dollar in their
duties this is the most expensive game
ever it's a dollar for Galaga
starting to forget that we're supposed
to be playing a show or just play all
these video games so we were in the
produce section and Melissa handed me
some broccoli and she said here's some
broccoli and I said broccoli Obama and
this woman here was picking some lettuce
just started cracking up and I didn't
know she was little but yes do this
jogging in place we are in st. Louis hey
whats up the other side st. Louis
Kentucky okay we made it sort of you
want uptight tables I still so good
that's how you do it oh no are you
kidding me to get in oh my god is he
nice and warm in there yeah yeah I hope
there's Lisa giraffe underneath the door
it's still there sounds like Kumba oh my
gosh mind you we're not right at a theme
park we're trying to get BBQ say no
honey guard usual suit you leave and
you're happy all right so the line goes
down there loose back around and that's
an trance it walks you right by the
torture smellin least we got the menu
third line don't stop it's just the
third line yeah it's crazy so funny
after all this waiting do you guys know
what you want good okay get me a
quesadilla quesadilla the Big Mac don't
mess up don't mess up alright it's
finally here
verdict good amazing
so fast qwest benigni oh it's pretty ah
Oh gonna just try this so excited turn
your screen off pc sucks blue this
motherfucker frozen pinball machine i
know right we just did it nice party two
quarters doesn't happen oh god Jim I got
gypped just like the last guns roses
record did I hit to close it I have
member these things here we go start
there we go I see you casaya score this
is seriously stuck and our venture is
cut a little bit sure to RH is racking
up points there cup circles error goes
trust oh yeah that's why you got that
slide oh let's be it it's a suture rate
down there that what you got are you
still getting okay Tom what happened I'm
or digital oh yeah what is the score
doesn't show your score though oh there
it is that's what I gotta beat you do it
I could do it got some rice cooking here
and over here we are making our fried
rice I'm so excited I got an egg garlic
for the olive oil the chicken and
broccoli hail yeah you got nothing dude
at the end you're gonna get a digital
dude naked you at all glad we didn't
tell me what just happened Charles
Burkett hipster fuck
not doing so good huh yeah I should be
playing the google you should be playing
the Hello Kitty why my this is what I've
been racking it out
the girls are all city
there we go now skinny the whole I think
you're playing the wrong kind of pic i
right hey Wow Milan was it oh I got her
though chicks in maintaining it at least
I got that digital boobies digital
boobies 8-bit boobies it's like Duke
Nukem and dog number to help in rush lay
down lay down where you were cuz I found
as she put her head of when she heard me
coming with the camera but this is what
she does she's given extra special
diritto feet love to your hoodies
particular I hope that you guys find
these hoodies as comfortable as she does
because I know that she falls asleep on
them every time they're out
already guys time to hack up I gotta get
my suitcase come flying home tomorrow
gonna go see Ali's 08 Marley
oh no my suitcase is open I go for this
down alright guys well I got everything
packed up I'm going to follow soon
produce 3-4 hours and then get on a
plane and go see my lovely wifey and two
little furry furry bitches so I will see
you guys tomorrow and I get some sleep
and stay warm because it's freaking cold
out it is so cold are you gonna guess
see what you did
wait
I
hey where's the EFX
giddy with y'all trippin
Lexi
West with chakra p
don't forget to wait long
you
