Marleen okay holy shit dog your monster
you really are shake good job good shape
whoa we're definitely not getting
Starbucks that's for sure and it's
definitely not snowing or anything like
that yeah so we're in Joliet woke up and
it's snowing it's coming down a lot
harder
we're in Vegas all of a sudden all right
this is cool Juliet I'm impressed
but jellies freaking out right now just
watching this footage heart Johnny hey
birthday boy part two I don't even think
I said that in yesterday's vlog that it
is well it was Tyson's birthday
yesterday I'm such a bad aunt a horrible
horrible auntie okay what do we have
today for insanity cure cardio oh those
are two words I never went here together
ever all right let's go
oh yeah this looks like a pretty healthy
healthy brunch I'm excited I went with
the maple syrup you know with the hungry
- hungry babe
Oh fresh fruit homemade waffles yes
that's a cool little venue take the
backdrop
felix has decayed every time I see snow
this is so pretty
it's like calming you know like like
rain in Florida like you can just listen
to the rain and then it's just like you
know very calming very soothing his
watching the snow it's just very common
soothing so I just got off the phone
with Ali and she's gonna have so many
SkyMiles and tomorrow's our day off I'm
gonna be in st. Louis I'm gonna try to
fly home for at least at least a few
hours like 12 hours flat home hang out
with Ali Zoey Marley because you know
Brett and be together on Valentine's Day
which we kind of bummed about so I'm
gonna see about flying out there for a
few hours if I can possibly do it great
after the show so fingers crossed so she
calls with good news cuz it'd be nice to
go home for just a couple days you know
even if it's been a couple days couple
hours even if you know just for a little
bit I honestly wish because I could fly
Holly out here anytime like what she's
done like well all their work but like
Zoey Marley I can't so that's the thing
that sort of a kind of sucks now they
can come any time we need to have like
our own plane so I could put Zoey Marla
just on them it's coming down harder
starting the standing floor on the
ground I don't actually remember the
last time I've actually been in snow and
it's sticking place oh who did this
little box
of you you know beautiful Florida guys
do your Zoey impression I'm making you
one first motherfucker
fresh waffles oh shit
what are you doing up it and what are
you watching
mega64 it's so funny really okay she's
just like just like I'm just I'm here
with Monty
I'm just gazing longingly out the window
I wouldn't stop barking barking yeah she
just kept barking so eventually I had to
do this to her
and then she stuck her hand up and
started smacking yeah and I was like
okay well then you better stop going you
are brat hey Brett
I'm like as I'm seriously like a little
schoolgirl
this is cool legit snowing and even more
good news ally found some awesome
flights so I'm on Sunday I'm gonna fly
home for Sunday and so I'll have a day
off at home with Allie Zoe Marley so I'm
looking forward to that that's be
awesome dancing is the only time I can
actually dance and do this move gross
so we're about to film a king's carriage
video where I basically have ever seen
that skip dave chappelle we're waiting
Brady Chuck's aren't very good at this
eh all right well basically Wayne Brady
becomes like a jerk
so we're gonna do that with me and the
vlogs in store but it's totally it's
100% true and this is the theme where I
throw Danny in the freezer
Charles is practicing this big scene
this is pretty
hey if she agreed to do this he's going
to knock her out
five years of getting ready to be
knocked up
yes maybe maybe like a little less
violent pent-up anger
good so what do you think about acting
on the Kings carriage you played really
good people tell you that you have
better hair than Travis they should cuz
you're his great okay it's miniature
adventure time there is a Rottweiler
well he was wandering around on the road
and I think that people have just
stopped and grabbed him we drove by and
we saw these people stopped on the side
of the road Louis and I were both like
we're not gonna leave the dog like we
have to go get it there's no way we're
gonna not I think that is them did they
take it yeah I think they had the dog oh
okay good okay yeah good job okay
perfect so much I know
Oh God I'm I can't we couldn't we're
like we're both like no we're not
leaving and we're turning around it's
terrible i I can't I hope that you guys
do that I hope that when you see an
animal you at least turn around to make
sure that a somebody's stopping or be
that it doesn't get hit because that's
that's sucks and that dog had a caller
so it could have just gotten out that
really sucks that's a horrible thing to
lose a dog that's that's really really
sad so good job whoever did that you're
in a Honda and I appreciate you I don't
know you'll ever see this but you get a
million cool points I think so just eat
ass poop just try to walk down a slide
never never do what Travis did look both
ways don't look just so it's too cold
look at all the snow this is awesome so
check this out guys just to feed our
addiction bunch of Starbucks gift cards
so now I'm going to be twitching for the
rest of tour how's the editing going
buddy right now hey I was going
okay you got to stretch before you slide
this is what happens when you put a
bunch of kids with stuff this is why my
house never gets clean
so you just brave the weather right and
you get your little raincoat it was so
ridiculous I went to put her in that and
I held it out and she just walked into
it she just put her head through the
little neck hole and just knew that that
was what was happening she was so
excited she wouldn't go outside until I
put it on
let's see your hood I'm so hurt we're
locked in Travis apparently the Blessed
One I'm lucky we're all trapped in
oh but Scott's on the outside hilarious
we're literally locked in help us Brian
it's not working I'm recording this but
this is not a prank this is really
happening
Ram the door for a second just because
I'm filming it doesn't mean it's not
happening it really is it won't it won't
unlock yeah I'm being serious
no I am Prime I can't keep a straight
face I'm gonna go away with our powers
combined we can do this nope it didn't
work hell hell why do you want to go to
hell the master lock isn't even working
oh hi
is that working what is going on what
happened we're open who saved us from
the business open we're open our Savior
it was so cold where's scooter gone all
right CJ Beck see you next time you see
scooter somebody needs to make him a
cape with an S for scooter for saving
our life and we'll make him work every
single day hi mom this is okay miss van
dandy look at this it's just like every
thumbnail of every video that is crazy
yeah so thank you go check her out
let's go turn signal hey Krista Danny
are gonna win lots and lots of money it
was very positive good luck it brings me
home good luck dollars you 125 that's
cool how much you in 5525 scooter
another
house you wind up once anybody that puts
me in by like my step IRA is accruing
interest
oh well guys as you can see I got yes
sir I was in a lot of the film you guys
heard it probably in the clip but you
wonder how much we were allowed to make
money he wasn't on to film a really big
20 yeah and how much 55 and then I think
crisp made 275 scooters 100 I think
everyone's just in the positives right
now here's the things we're walking out
now yeah that's true that's key right
there
right how bad do you want to go back
just walk away walk away how you stay
away from white it's the equipment it's
like free Taco Bell right and on a
drunken night right exactly free talk
about for you drunk a night with $55
that's like that's a year's worth of
Taco Bell right like whoever would alley
one like in Vegas where she got like
three or $400 on her birthday
but anyway I wasn't able to film inside
they told me to stop but then I wrestled
him to the ground and I thought I'm
gonna punch them in the face but Danny
Danny Travis both asked me very nicely
to stop punching him in the face so I
stopped yeah painted my toenails so I
just worked on Richard a little bit with
my mom with the Madre and now I'm going
to bed something I got a brilliant doing
sanity someday we're gonna have a break
and surprise Charles is coming home on
Sunday for a day because he's not gonna
be able to see the dogs or me for a
while actually I think I'm gonna be in
LA for the LA show which is really
exciting I can't wait for that but it's
gonna be a really long time because like
right after this tour I pretty sure they
go to Gareth
so it's gonna be a little bit ridiculous
so he's gonna come home and see the girl
and hang out for a little bit so really
looking forward to that that's gonna be
on Sunday so that's all for today and we
are gonna hopefully do some fun stuff
tomorrow we'll keep you posted on that
I'm pretty sure there's a great festival
going on in Sarasota and we're gonna go
check that out so I'm really excited all
right everybody we love you thank you so
much for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow
all right guys time to go to bed it is
everyone's gone everyone saw Maydays and
their boss right now all the guys are
bed
Snow's kind of going away a rota st.
Louis we have a day off on Sunday and
Ally managed to like call Delta and it
looks like Sunday I'm gonna go home for
like 16 hours and then I'm gonna go hang
out with Ally
Zoe Marley or at least you know a day
and then I'll fly back out for the show
in Little Rock so I'm really really
looking forward to that on our day off
so it'll be really cool and then Ally's
comeback California for the 80th and
stuff so I guess what
tomorrow I'm feeling a lot better the
door
hopefully that unlocks later and uh yeah
Wow all this traveling is pretty crazy
I don't know I hope I really truly hope
you guys are having fun with these vlogs
traveling all over I know Holly and I
are in different areas of the world and
stuff but you know with FaceTime and
stuff in the flyer like I like go home
for like 16 hours and be with them and
it's just something it's amazing you
want to mean so and I don't know I just
I really hope you guys are really
enjoying these as much as Holly and I
are because she's gonna be traveling a
lot I would be traveling a lot it'll
hopefully once we get everything
coordinated we'll be traveling a lot
more together but I'll see you guys
tomorrow
good night and
see what you did
worthy
with trippy
would be an ally don't forget Zoey
Marley
