good morning guys we're here with Jay
over here at lazy day RV if you have not
figured out to a - together they're the
ones helping sponsor this entire trip
and making this possible
is this the one we're taking yep this is
the one we will be taking hey show us
what to do what not to do do a big grab
now we're going to learn come on
I'll get the idea oh yeah this is really
nice
good old pullout couches sorry friends
we got two beds for you three actually
no flat well I'm going to take those two
that completed okay you got your antenna
here's going to be your Kumasi control
center okay okay this is where all the
magic happens
make sure to learn all this so I can
start to generate it from here as well
all right
the way you start is you're going to
hold stop
when that light comes on is ready to go
ahead and turn so you'll hold start and
they'll crank up for you if you are
hooked up to shore power you don't want
to turn generator on at the same time
auditioning demos in further how would
you want to generator on if you're on
the shores are exactly so that you just
don't do it but you guys going to be
mostly dry camping so this were you've
been using the generator pulses gotcha
okay but if you go to a campground that
does have shore power it'll make you
that area your slide-out control is
going to be enhanced you have one for
the mainland are all going to be the
frame of this right here I think that's
just slide out just make sure no one's
sitting on the sofa while you bring it
in there's deer you can pass through I
just want to take the poor buddy out
there and another one no those come
behind you get free countless
that comes in pretty quick which is off
yet it will go outside and we'll fish
outside - yeah they're likely range if I
want to bring it in a little bit of wind
you want to bring it in as well little
nervous about this this is friggin
awesome these people are so amazing here
they agree watch is whether the yellow
paw faces up right one that he elevates
you guys are difficult so this is the
important part
yeah you pull black first pull it all
the way there and then Ali or you can go
inside check the levels once it gets to
eat you go ahead and close it you can
deal with the poop water and then great
last so gray is going to be all your
shout shower and sink water proof clips
are here more for us the reference
because we're going pro yeah joking it
up that's where they put all the body
the battery yeah how you feeling good a
little confusion a little bit but I
think
learn along the way to wheel out trial
and error that's funny the J shown as a
Jayco number one rule make sure you're
on hub hey looking for this simple hey
don't be nervous nervous what would be
the most I don't feel like the most
difficult part about driving these but
as you're telling ok so the turning
radius basically is why hey guys
ok for us right now if we wanted to pull
out of here Charles we're going to go
light to that black line you hunt your
enzymes going to go right to that black
line the front end and then you're going
to go ahead and start your turn like I
was like ok yes guys Charles did not
turn on the RV all right please we'll be
worried Internet I'm not go to laugh hey
people see that black line up there look
at that man I was beautiful clear the
road
lighter and never drove doing
I guess that's that's the life of the
body coming the would comprise all
records already easy there they learn
our baby is gonna be drama taking to be
an adventure
since you're gonna kill it stop anywhere
you're back in is that no pressure and
no pressure
I'm gonna have three dogs and a body in
your pledge Mahalo yeah although I feel
like she's going to be way better at
this and I whatever that's what she
needs to be and that's not what she
needs to be hitting great I think you
hit a tree that's okay
hey I'm warning ya friends how you doing
each other I get it you get it now
trees trees bad trees bad fish you sorry
about Street you did good back we knew
it you got it into sight is that bad I
mold it comes up I can back that thing
up I can back that thing up like a big
fine woman
you're trying to say I'm the term Alan
every single time on factory yard yes I
would say are you I'm so excited
and I'll be very honest yeah you get
nervous because it's big it's very
intimidating but it wasn't bad monster
ship from lazy day RVs here in Seffner
they're hooking us up for this trip and
essentially hooking you guys up for this
trip to come along and go on our
honeymoon together and we thank you to
Jay and Kemba day like really he's been
Jennifer open killing it and now we
won't like run off with our pool water
hanging out that makes sense the last
couple nights
I'd say less four nights for me I
literally have not been able to get to
sleep till 5:00 in the morning been
driving me nuts and killing me
throughout the day so if you notice last
couple videos I may have had bags under
my eye because I can't sleep I don't
want to call its omnia because I think
that's like you cannot go to sleep I
just I can't go to sleep until going if
it is insomnia I look in denial for a
second I took melatonin
and that helped but because it sounds
probably stupid and weird I know
probably irrational but ever since you
know the whole brain surgery and all the
stuff that went on my brain I don't like
taking anything that can like I know
basically we're saying is I know
melatonin natural but I know what it
does is it releases extra melatonin in
your body so that's why you fall asleep
quicker anything that kind of messes
with my brain like that I get really
nervous and tweaked out so I don't do it
even though I know it's a natural thing
so it sucks too because they used to
always work especially on tours - on
airplanes all that fun stuff
speaking of airplane I got to get on one
tomorrow and then one on Monday and then
picking up the RV on Tuesday and then
hitting the road that day hope you guys
are getting excited I feel I don't say
100% confident now but I am like 99.9%
confident the whole thing it actually
didn't drive as hard as I thought the
only thing that I think I'm gonna have
to get used to is like when you're
driving you hear things cling clanging
in the back so your natural reaction is
to kind of look back it's gonna be a
learning curve but it's gonna be fun I'm
really excited for this anytime we go on
trips it's always kind of work so we
don't get to just do stuff for ourselves
where we can just go like alright well
we have no schedule we don't the film
the certain area we'd like to do this
we're not to do that we can just feel
like we're gonna go hiking today or you
know we're just gonna hang out by these
giant cliffs or something hey not only
is that can be an amazing honeymoon but
B we're gonna have a blast filming it so
win-win the trip is right on the corner
and I'm realizing that I have no luggage
my grandma's couch is finally getting
returned because these were designed
specifically more it's ripped and
falling apart I've also used all of
Charles old luggage and that's falling
apart juice so I'm looking into putting
some new luggage and then my TJ Maxx and
I really like this one but I'm thinking
that this color can be a really stupid
idea because couldn't get super dirty
but I really like it so I'm kind of just
you're very well packed is it getting
dirty and I don't just want a black one
but no it's do
ah everything I need space lots of space
for my over packing I could probably try
and half of you and figuring out how to
over pack because I'm very about it
they're like this one too I don't know
why I'm liking the light colors but I do
and it's pretty cheap this isn't bad
either
that's myself into a corner my mom gave
us an entire bag full of maps and I've
told my mom how since it like some
apples that we bought the other day each
one of these maps is six to fifteen
dollars since ground ball for free some
of the states that were we're planning
on driving through that we don't really
know where we're going we at least have
these four looks I can kind of help us
out and help us find different places
and different things to do and there's
like states that we have not planned to
visit all of these maps are six dollars
pieces you want family there one two
three four five six seven eight of them
then these tor books are 1495 piece and
we have four of them $8,100 now I get
why people use tape from tomorrow then I
would have to say I'm the best mom ever
and I mean dog new leashes for the pops
they're reflective and they're
annoyingly bright oh and then I got this
too for the dogs I don't have it a water
or food bowl for the dog then it breaks
down food got water look though
and then we leave they're hungry or
thirsty
there you go on TV don't ever leave that
little jerk again
for fun I'm sorry I'm gonna make you eat
out of those high regressor see Madonna
loves leather
okay me okay me everyone else me
everyone else we're is that more
accurate he's one's bigger than the
other that's a little dramatic Ali I
haven't really gotten a chance to race
our brand-new Traxxas remote-control
cars that they sent and built us I took
the toys off for right now because I
want to see how fast they go I want to
like maybe some GoPros on them and just
play with them and then maybe on the
road trip you guys will chase it they
can't find the session so hopefully
these will work and that BA get down too
much it's a racist thing
all right because the first off but
right go here so we can do the wrong
drug and you like it's a job
go girl freakin biggest too fast
although I can do a check out here here
a may be very very powerful ramp but I'm
going to Train
check out Ali's makeshift ramp can you
make it at that tiny little ramp the
GoPros laying it down well it's got a
cool something a little sad is that I'm
actually using the signs that were meant
for my wedding then use them Spinelli's
else is again
we are yellow mustard and we had honey
mustard egg not only brought a cute
puppy but she brought yellow shorts to
match this is Dixie huh
she likes the fuzzy thing adopt the
camera
careful baby ferocious Turner was a
pretty action-packed day I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video and please keep
those ideas coming we've been writing
down every idea that you guys are
putting in a comment so please keep them
coming I'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe and have a good
night
you
