hey Marley but guess what it's your
cousin's birthday today it's Jason's
birthday just like um I don't care every
day is my birthday
and I deserve all the cookies good
morning we shall go where no man has
gone before
we are in Chicago with all aware of that
and the regular elevator and the
employee over there below the lobby
maybe I feel like spinal tap again we're
going all the way because the bus is
depends on hard rock and so we just get
like a back entrance so I just wandered
around a technic kitchen of the Hard
Rock Hotel
where do I go but I was right
misadventures of Charles Trippy was on
tour freedom I did it I found my way
good luck good luck bro hey good
all right insanity let's do it girl it's
I think it's cardio recovery day which
means maybe some stretching and a little
bit of a break so that's good cuz my
legs are like blocks I can't move at all
I'm walking I'm doing this walk again
come mommy mommy
hello Chicago we have to go get our
passport photos again because we got to
go back to Brazil in April and we got to
go back
darn so I'm gonna see if I can get my
photo remember my mug shot last time I'm
gonna see if I can make it more awkward
I've been practicing how's this not a
good one okay I'm gonna do it
Edgar that's this some sugar water make
sure to look pretty okay they're all
pretty right there try wait wait I gotta
fix your hair I gotta fix it there's one
little paint there we go there we go now
we're good
now it's now it's straight
we should braid your beard denim denim
job one take I'm gonna try to go is what
I can get away with
yeah sir we don't allow perfect let's
say Livesey perfect it looks great
though judging my smiling ability my not
taking this serious everything's a
little more tears here's breakfast it's
an egg sandwich with some Jews and some
fresh strawberries Oh delish you can't
have any
today it was our kind of a rest day it
was like a stretching day I thank God
because I'm so sore still it's
ridiculous and everybody says the best
thing to do is to work out more when
you're sore but I'm like getting
progressively worse so I definitely need
to stretch somewhere I'm like kicking my
butt getting some food I think this is
the place where we get ya know could we
did this little stuff right there with
uh what did we do after Lola Palooza
and we had that little like game with
shaved carrots
something special yeah right back to
where we were oh it's all bite-sized
it's a baby tire see if this looks
familiar to anyone remember after lo
Palooza I was bathing in here oh it's
empty now we just stumbled on it
DejaVu what a strange piece of art big
giant bean
that'll be guy said saw see carefully we
were walking by this the entire time at
all plus and never even noticed it you
can totally see yeah that's awesome
huh like a but giant but what whether I
am hello
okay see if you can find me or Danny
just anyone oh wow
now I see why is this really cool
it's translating at all how many photo
bombs are you Chicago
Chicago
I don't think we did a formal
introduction this is Chris guy's
Christmas celebration on this store ah
hear me but yeah that's Chris so if you
for buttering Korean to Brian somewhere
else it all righty this Yoshi
he doesn't know anything do it
I don't hear nothing what do you think
guys should just me and if my my new
winter hat brush the Taurus is so
freaking cold look good they're falling
off I feel like I'm a native Inuit
yeah well there's where we need to be Oh
the ladder we can take that I think we
read this tuck and roll we'll be okay
I don't care what it takes Johnson no
you need to get the account seriously
sell it no I'm just looking at some
Elvis stuff no big deal all right all
right all right bye
again do it kind of crazy to think Elvis
actually played that guitar
show me what Zooey Marley are doing
right now of course they're that
literally just happened she's so
freaking strong and this one just wants
this which is all gone broccoli smoothie
another one of those days guys
I swear dude it's almost it's almost
over man the marriages been crazy yeah
Zoe oh yeah so the merch is almost over
we are we are very very close to
finishing all the crazy orders that
we've had backed up from a long time ago
and we're actually kind of in the
process right now of transferring the
merch over so that you guys will get it
faster we're gonna go with like a big
like like a warehouse and they're gonna
be able to you know get you guys
everything you need as soon as possible
as fast as they possibly can and it's
gonna be just like way more efficient
than the way we're doing it now just
because it's gotten kind of creating
around here lately with the merch so I
think this is gonna be a good move for
us and it'll definitely help you guys
get everything you order much faster so
that's that's really excellent and
that's mainly the reason why we're doing
is because we really you know feel badly
that you guys have had to wait so long a
lot of you have and we want to you know
we want to be as efficient and as good
as we possibly can be for you guys so
that's that's our next big move guys
it's in the works it's gonna happen
Chicago every time I walk around like
downtown Chicago I
Gotham City you wanted me like I know
that was like the dark night it was
actually filmed here but like everything
about it like just reminds me of like
Batman and like The Dark Knight
it's kind of like a timeless timeless
city it's pretty it's really freakin
called - all right I'm trying to get rid
of this thing so I'm gonna try to pop
echinacea pills this way you guys were
saying I should get because Lauren
always tries to make me do the world
liquid stuff that is like crap you guys
were looking out for me you telling me a
pill form
all right ready hey you guys go you
going out on the ledge of the 15th floor
the Hard Rock maybe I don't know hold on
how's it look
you break it out
I don't know how to get you guys back
here to hold on okay well it's fun
bright in here a word I said okay I'll
let's go wait here let me do it this way
okay take a gander right now okay okay
all right
let's see you walk your sexy walk
yeah calf muscles a bit tight are they
yeah easy and that's why they call it
infant
there you go night beam it's kind of
crazy though it's like almost like it
feels like it's like I don't know the
stomach it's gonna make no sense to
anybody else because it's all in my
brain right now but it's like the world
in a bubble like it seems like this all
this right here is inside here not a
reflection you know I mean so like all
this is a world you can just pick it up
like that you hold up the world that
make any sense
so I mean doesn't it seem like it's kind
of like snow globe that's the word I'm
looking for it looks like a snow globe
I'm just holding up a snow globe holding
up the world maybe that's what the guy
was trying to deal with this thing
this actually could be kind of
interesting in the comments today for
today but I can have a secret phrase but
in the comments and let me know you
watch watching this whole video I want
you guys to tell me what you think this
giant piece of art actually means this
kidney bean mirror thing like I don't
know what what do you think this thing
means like your interpretation of what
this thing means you know what mine mine
is the whole holding the world
reflection in a little world and stuff
like that get creative I don't know but
you get interesting I should say other
than a big shiny but my what a ginormous
face you have as do you
I think this is the place where when we
were walking to a little Palooza there
was like shooting water out or something
such a weird little thing I'd be awesome
at my face on here oh my face on here
it'd be cool you could spit water on
people don't do Islam somebody's
watching me
yes I realize I can have fun with just a
bunch of lights a camera and just myself
imagination F videogames gonna jump the
pole it's time to jump that pole
all right time to go back in the bus
this I think old I can only go on spurts
I come out for like ten minutes and then
I go back into the bus for like 30 so
don't get my cold even worse all right
so we're going on a man the mandate bad
day State House men what's movie called
safe house Denzel Washington it's called
safe house oh right yeah so we're gonna
we're gonna watch a man movie on a
mandate do some man stuff about a manly
day yeah there's nobody on the streets
of Chicago Danny no look at this this is
like nobody on the road and they said
yeah it's like a movie set hello Marilyn
we meet again
oh yeah the movie was actually really
good only oh how many people were with
us four out of the seven people fell
asleep so I guess I don't get it Lauren
does the same thing like oh uh if
there's like really like action-packed
stuff Ali's mom she'll fall asleep
don't deny it Lauren I know you're
laughing yeah so there's Marilyn
it's kind of funny just to do all this
stuff again but uh all right well we're
walking back to the bus we're gonna play
joliet check yes Juliet ah how many
times am I gonna make that joke bad
taste bad taste in your mouth we're
gonna play Joliet Illinois which is
around the corner so I'll see you guys
later
good night and yeah I'm gonna come up
with like a sign-off just take take this
in how about that actually all right
good I guess
oh here's a fun story I know I said
goodnight but you know I'm coming right
back
Colette left his uh his cell phone in a
cab and he kept calling and I kept
calling it and the cab picked it up and
drove it all the way back to him
that's all I'm gonna say that never
happens and it happened all right now
it's time to go to bed I'm gonna start
uploading all these clips to Ali right
now I'm gonna take a quick shower and
then fall asleep
take some more medicine so I feel better
how this gorgeous look at this wig is
missing it is so pretty oh I thought I
was all yellow it's reminds me of Spain
remember the vlogs Ali would always be
yellow when she was away guys
what you did
where's he at
with trippy
to be an early
you
