I woke up this morning and I could not
even move I got out of bed here you have
to like let me show them when I was like
when I got I wake up I'm like ah like I
could not bend my legs at all it was his
awful so I had to get up and like walk
around for an hour before sister got
here cuz otherwise i would literally
just be standing there during the whole
workout like this is great I can't move
don't work out I work out hey good
morning guys on my voice you tell us go
up losing my voice where this grocery
store need some food and oh my god oh
there's snow everywhere where the heck
are we look there's snow everywhere
and such a baby okay now Ruth maybe
that's still cold
alright so I think we're in Iowa one
Moines domoi DS weren't domoi be
strengthened I'm just kidding oh yeah
we're in Iowa though and there's snow
everywhere apparently so last night I
still feel kind of crappy as you
probably tell it's like super early I
was like eight o'clock that work
something out o'clock in the morning and
she'll ever get some medicine some
coffee coffee coffee coming snow
push it Yoshi Charles thank you for
making our bus bigger you're welcome
gentlemen it is 25 degrees that right
now but what is this what is this oh
that was kind of painful I'll come say
hi just filled with some snow what's
your name Aaron I say hi internet right
now that's I do i do want to log on the
TV find out no I don't want to know your
work out loud so smart
yeah you can baby
down
I'm working my booth here
Oh
do I
when we fuckin
that was a cool little venue I was third
for two I got completely lost I like
this this is nice Cole is cleaning all
the blood off his guitar from yesterday
over the mustache bandage it's all over
it all looks pretty shiny now nice and
pretty it was a bloodbath we got a
little remnants there my DNA is all over
this as you guys have already seen Cole
Anna sage is a man at madman haha we
were just walking outside like a bunch
of turkeys and then Danny looked up and
noticed the little bridge walk walk ways
throughout the entire city yeah have
this stuff where's a bunch of turkeys my
effect yeah we really go oh so nice
ah the comments are probably littered
with a bunch of like okay guys it was 85
i think when we left florida for this
tour that's just this shows where we're
coming from that's why we're like this
I'm starting to realize that we might
have a problem walking around 25 degree
weather to get starbucks and then I got
an iced coffee promise and I must start
bouncing around right there needs to be
more maybe like one in that corner and
then one in that corner or on our bus
rights tarps I won't stop I won't stop
there's some coupons let's go this is a
good time to check your grade good time
to check your heart go come on come on
come on go look at it yeah working look
for before basket of course site go go
just fucking see ya
did you push it Jay through your digital
keep the courts on here
ok we going for a little morning walk
morning walk time yes I oh Lord I am
lobster on the face here damn that work
that's hard going for a walk just a hawk
just hanging out the hawk mating call
wow that's what they do who's right
there Seahawk we got to look up some
we're in Des Moines that's Iowa right
trying to try to find some bar food
challenges we have pizza chicken or
sandwiches today we'll do a fried
chicken one it's fresh juice time Vivek
get excited case we're using three
apples three peaches and a big juicy
pineapple those are the fruit poop goes
is where the juice goes excited fruit
coupe du du du cuttin up pineapple yeah
yeah making fresh juice it's so
delicious la la this time it didn't
forget to add audio like last time when
I did the makeup high speed that was
awful and I had to add 20,000 annotation
so you guys wouldn't get bored but now I
remembered audio dr. de I'm almost done
yeah look at how pretty that up almost
having a blast show you but the camera
there we go you excited yes delicious
juicy oh okay I'm gonna stop torturing
us now we're gonna drink it all right
sister I can do it oh my god you doing
oh I'm just gonna say he look like it
like
make it a sound good over there Brian
so I just saw this photo and I feel like
a complete turkey how big that one is
pesto is done chickens cooking yes sweet
teas boiling and there we go that page
so weird how that looks like that on
camera oh my gosh meal number two for
the day freshly brewed sweet tea and
homemade pesto chicken flatbreads I'm so
I can't explain this you it's like it's
so ridiculous for me does my drunk it is
I'm euphoric one I have good food oh
that's squirrel screw thanks for help
big we just dropped off some merch at
the p.o and now we are going to see I
like this is embarrassing or not I don't
think it's embarrassing so I've had some
trouble with my skin lately and so I
decided to order proactive because I'm
like whatever you know i'll just try it
I use it a while ago and I don't know
we'll see how it goes I a little wary of
it i don't know if it's gonna work but
we'll see what happens i hope it serves
on my skin because my skin is a butt
crack right now have a butt crack on my
face Melissa and I need some help no
one's that my face is a butt guy is a
butt crack cuz butt cracks on the
tractor oh my god are they due by far
cracks attractive you find acne on butt
cracks
maybe alright a new talent we just found
Travis had look at his his right eye
it's slightly different you can move it
almost independent lady hey gives me a
headache did you know I cannot do that
hello I Oh gives me a headache turn on
stage we're so talented
I don't think I'm doing it
when what's your other dogs you dry it I
can go cross anywhere that Tommy gonna
dirty ghetto ocean yes I think not yeah
don't try this at home dubbo ok i'm
awesome charles is master chef master
chief master chef he always does this
we're making turkey burgers he better ok
Parker no no what to put here I think I
bet spices we've got some more Swisher
and he always does that absolutely earth
homemade sweet tea homemade turkey
burgers and freshly sauteed garlic
broccoli a little bit of soy sauce I
think we did pretty well this is I'm so
excited it's kicking ass I love food you
guys should know that by now I'm a total
fiend for food so yeah I feel like we're
on Epic Meal Time because we just all
too always talked about cooking except
this is like the super healthy version
and has nothing to do with like crazy
amounts of bacon maybe sunday
the machines take over the Jesus break
it Oh your husband you open your
brushing the open one I'm just talking
about a mile you're trying trapper we're
gonna break the elevator uh-huh
oh we're good let's see yeah right what
do I say how's it going hi future eat
your watch this watch this up tomorrow
oh yeah yeah watching tomorrow cool oh
thanks again later yeah you had me sign
a laptop yeah it hurt a little bit hurt
a little bit right there there it is
cool I'm sorry go ahead and say that
again what you decide is the piece and
has he done is equal I refuse to watch
anything that creates such a wordplay
don't be lame yeah are you stopping
right now you're gonna watch it you're
gonna become obsessed I know it oh she's
still talking about xenon for those of
you they're unaware what's going hi I'm
gonna buy an outfit bring it over to
Ali's house whoa stop right there this
is something really strange what you're
saying and we're valley thousand she's
gonna make fun of me for but it's an
amazing outfit I showed it on my book
but either way I'll show you guys when I
word it's gonna have what's sitting next
to you right now actually no in your
hand that's not Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles what's sitting next to me yeah
will you just picked up the phone
teenage mutant ninja turtle ah teenage
kid I know she also just found teach
okay you don't want to tell you it's
gonna be a surprise yeah you just wait
Fergal we're gonna wear it after our
goal yeah very big with all of that I
swear to god we've not had a drop of
alcohol we are drinking until we're
having a very strict drinking policy
homemade tea o mighty we're not drinking
unless it's Saturday because we at
sunday is the only day off you get for i
almost said i almost said xfinity
exactly oh my god i'm not even gonna
keep talking you know what that's a
luigi costume we're really
sleep-deprived and exhausted we're only
gonna drink on Saturdays that's all I
had to say in this entire clip goodbye
where the heck
to the stage this is spinal tap yeah so
today Charles did mistake number 101 or
a common mistake that he does all the
time in which he takes nightclub when he
thinks he's taking dayquil and you look
up dr and third party to where it was
too frickin shower hey right so face she
was just say show anybody he came
through Iowa the reason why I looked
like I was in television it was because
in fact i was in television that was so
that I've never ever I don't care how
sick I get gonna do that again that
sucked yeah it was weird it's really
weird everyone look like little ants Oh
boys will be boys have you got over here
I feel so much better than actually it
just took a shower I'm I'm gonna show
you a shower but I learned that you like
paper towels down all over the place and
it kind of works I need to have like a
portable shower we're just like
sanitation like a hand sanitizer just
dripping down my body I'll be pretty
cool now how angry do you have to be
just to go that's huge it's like home
you're gonna look inside there
no just came this up there
that could be though nice sweater don't
worry about they lie laughs that's our
impression of what the hell's the same
oh my god matchbox 20 what is the guys
name oh my gosh I just how am I blinking
this right now that's hot uh Wow idiots
we're dumb oh my God he's like Oh favor
you don't tell me don't tell me don't
tell me well I'm Thomas I got and I was
little ish you literally starts good
with our phones like the hunter
self-portrait
look at that you know I've had a scarf
and everything like a few goes around
your wreath and this is my depiction of
what I look like uncanny right look what
we had to do we kept coming out of the
bus and almost getting hit every single
time so yo she went and found an awesome
little like Bob barricade thing and we
keep moving it back and forth and kind
of stopping trying in traffic yo she
saved her life and tuning our drums
thanks Felix is advertising for boca
burger right now have a chance for Boca
Oh is let's see what happened here come
bring it in the light whack my head on a
cabinet yeah you can see ya uncle
elevation I've concerned for my friend
that's Charles let me show you something
that I created no I'm just concerned all
right you might need a he keeps what the
coldest thing I'll do it here you go
here you go oh that's got ice on a tree
there you go just keep swapping out
Danny made a really good observation
futurama Billy West that's a great
observation dude like my entire
childhood it's just not like coming to
get hand-written sipi you'd have ridden
stiffy futurama and sees it space jam
and some bugs bunny and L we're but why
Billy West dude it's crazy alright guys
i'm going to be going to bed and comb it
but um Charles just sent me a clip of
Travis trying to like move his eyes in
different directions and I don't really
think I can do it but I'm going to try
anything okay please forgive the stupid
faces i'm about to make okay ready i'm
going to try so i can like cross them
like moving them like I oh it's giving
me a headache I'll leave you move them
in different directions I'm coming out
the face i'm just doing weird
no text message that was embarrassing
and unsuccessful I totally can't do it
um anyway that was an interesting little
until the following I feel like not very
talented in my visual region don't have
very strong eye muscles i guess and i
can wiggle my ears and do this but
that's kind of another story anyway
weirdness aside today was a pretty
pretty good day we got a lot done and I
think we're progressing really well with
our diet change so I'm really excited
about that I think Charles has been
feeling really sick and that sucks i
will be gets better really soon i'm
sorry honey i wish i were there to take
care of you i know it's hard when you're
on a bus to sort of get fresh air and
feel better but just try and drink lots
of fluids it's what my mom always tells
me it's so funny she's like drink lots
of fluids we'll see you guys in the next
video thank you so much for watching
good night I gotta go to bed I took some
more Night ball so I can pass out so I
gotta get rid of this cold it's and
sorry i hiccup is 10 degrees out right
now in all honesty I know I've said it a
lot in this uh this vlog but this is to
make this I've never experienced cold
weather this much like I've had cold
weather and snow but I've never seen 10
degrees ever my entire life and this is
a first so it's one of those kind of
like what we should do a secret frost
frost a frost we should have a stick of
frost guys or office leapfrog secret
phrase for today let's have some
activities guys now I want you guys
write that in the comments so when
everyone sees them you guys will come up
and you'll think of some activities
that's tristique refer has ever got the
other day because I was kind of tired a
little loopy I'm gonna go to bed I think
we gotta have a day off in Chicago and
all that fun stuff so I will totally
feel better and I'll see you guys
tomorrow all right love you honey I to
Zoe Marty right
you
see what you did to
wait
where's he at
giddy with y'all trippin
to a strip in Harry don't forget so
anymore
you
