what the hell show are you watching okay
Ali oh shoot Ali's never heard of xenon
girl the 21st century I don't know if
anybody is a heard of it but it's
amazing it sounds riveting it's with
kirsten storms and Raven I was so
confused cuz i was like 'i mean Xena
girl warrior and she's like no xenon oh
boy boom I'm down for anything that is
remotely like 90's pop music zoom zoom
zoom hot Oh boom let's switch it up to a
let's do a Tyson but Tyson but Oh Tyson
but this morning we did insanity which
is like a 60-day DVD training program
and uh it was insane it was definitely
insanity I was dying I literally I could
barely make it through like half
exercises it was so insane I can't
believe that you do that what you did
great no thanks sister we're very like
we're very motivated like we're gonna
help each other try to eat healthy so
right now like instead of getting
macaroni and cheese and all the crap we
used to get we're gonna get tomato soup
and a healthy sandwich we're very
excited we're gonna keep each other
motivated because I we just we just
succumb to the deliciousness of the
fatty foods and we have to stop doing
that so we're gonna wear to be each
other's rock yay morning guys so we are
in
and I woke up I could barely speak my
voice is getting a little bit better now
my throat I couldn't even breathe I
tried to drink some water I don't know
what happened my throat just like closed
up it was kind of scary so slowly being
able to talk but I was like when I woke
up close like hey what's up man a good
morning and I'm like hey it his eyes are
just like what so I'm just kind of
taking it easy right now we also woke up
immediately looking for more food
challenges we so make sure to tell us in
the comments because we found the
incinerator which is a pizza one which
is like I don't even know like point
seven miles away so it's a greater on
the corner but the thing is I feel like
it's more fun to do the big giant ones
you know the giant ones like a giant
makes six foot pizza or something like a
20-foot burrito this 20-foot / 20 pound
burrito with the hot ones I think that's
just that's just a bad idea meet Ali
either take care of am so cranky when
I'm not feeling too good it's so grumpy
I don't feel good oh it's sound check I
don't feel good make me feel better okay
Miley give me good go ready go ready go
ready go you're so good look at you you
little flying circus we're at guitar
center returning tuner and melissa is
freaking out and shiny pink guitar
okay we'll be matching that is hilarious
oh we moved Thank You Marley Wow
everybody so we moved all the stuff out
of the living room today to do our
insanity and I stack their two pillows
on top of one another are you doing
there you clean on air on your little
thrown a double thrown you're ridiculous
she's on top of this giant oh you're
very happy hello Oh careful oh all right
good to see you remember when I said I
was gonna take it easy I lied we're at a
gym and we're gonna play some hardcore
cutthroat racquetball mm-hmm and I got
that I got the GoPro they gave us these
locks and I haven't used one of them
since like middle school at all what
else did mistake number one almost did
it the wrong way and I couldn't believe
I first try I actually remembered how to
use one of these are you saw the LA
looks too that's what I was just saying
it's exactly what I was a to z blip so
we have lights
yeah where the lights practice oh
ah
haha that was arrested oh you guys I got
really dizzy on that one
well it was fun showered cleaned and now
ready to go play show and get dirty all
over again again again
I stand still the entire time that was
fun though that was a cool a and I was
like first time playing racquetball so
don't make fun of us too much it was fun
I think that I think that's a new sport
of addictive um so this is what we've
evolved you today she's been climbing
higher and higher up my body with her
bad fees and I have to hold her cuz if I
don't yeah she'll fall down if I don't
your butt is uncomfortably close to my
face face she looks ginormous on this
camera what now get your butt mole off
me surely she's insane dude this dog is
crazy i'm trying to tell you but no
glazing huh she's a literally insane in
the membrane and thank we love her but
she's a little freak show that's for
sure okay so I'm making it up night
night big rock her big old eyes are just
like MA got it got it right now so we do
with Charles every time I try to make a
phone mail hizo did you frame it do you
frame it wet enough
waitin fo sho time what is the wrong by
foot I was just looking through my
photos and i forgot to talked about this
the other day the guy who runs the CTFxC
daily gifts where he doesn't animate
gifts and stuff like that he posted this
photo and I thought it was really cool
because one I don't remember ever
uploading these photos of myself or ally
or Mar later Zoie to be completely
honest but here I'm going to show you
this on my iPhone the theme is like time
flies so there's ali as a baby there's
me as a little kid in my awesome pants
there's baby zoe and baby Marley I don't
know I just I cherish this photo this is
such a such a cool photo isn't it i'm so
cool but what i wanted to try to say
really quick without do my little spiel
my rants that i always end up doing I
just always cherish the immediate time
you only mean like a lot of times if I'm
guilty I think so far in advance I I
forget what's going on right now and you
know you miss a lot of things and you
know that i was in this photo I was like
wow you know time flies time time does
fly you know I mean and I it's just one
of those things that's all I'm gonna say
just appreciate I think it's the drugs
cares I think it's the medication let's
make me loopy I mean I'm an incredibly
fortunate person I you know I have an
amazing life amazing family amazing
little bitches I have two little bitches
that are pretty awesome and so
supportive you know I get to do this
this is the dream that I've had since I
was a kid so watching my dad and I
luckily I have a wife that is incredibly
supportive and understands that and
she's she's just awesome for letting me
that you know do this because I never
you know I never thought this would be
then i'll be playing bass for a band you
know
this is my job as well as well as
vlogging filming my daily lives with my
family that's crazy and I'm going off on
a tangent but all I want to say is
appreciate the now the original cut from
all this Ali probably maybe sounds so
elegant and all the editing it was
probably a jumbled mess she knows what
I'm talking about I'm gonna go back to
sleep so when I get on the stage I'm not
all loopy and fall off the stage so I'm
gonna take a nap i'll see you guys in a
bit it's free tonight get jealous so
excited this is gonna be amazing
although i just realized that my turkeys
are a little stale snoop them they'll be
fine o.o mantis candlelit dinner look at
your taco salads and what did look me
yeah you ruined it great job oh we have
a dairy problem the dairy is where it's
gonna dairies where we're going down
let's say that we have been perfect
timing had I got you put that in your
mouth you guys have no idea how cool
this is today
time to play show
every single note and on top of that i
offer a little bit of motivation if you
see somebody that is not singing the
chorus of this next song energy to buy
your hand into a fist boston directly
do not open the window
he's in his boxers he just locked about
huh jiggle the handle so they're in the
box he's a brave man what's he doing is
he changing
another jiggle it
boy everybody's tired up now it's the
Marley princess and the pea she really
is a princess it's ridiculous so there's
got a little bit of March done and I'm
going to be waking up early again doing
next part of insanity I think my mom is
actually going to join in next time so
that's gonna be pretty interesting i
think she wants to do it with us this
weekend so I'm really excited for her to
do it I think she's evolves in really
kick-ass shaped like she runs almost
every day and runs like seven miles so I
think she's got definitely the endurance
to be able to do it I know that I was
dying today I have not exercised in so
long like that like down hardcore
aerobics like hard core cardio interval
training it's it will kick your butt but
I'm very excited and we have all this
great food it's gonna be super healthy I
just I already feel better just about
everything just from even like making
the plans to be healthier so it's it's
good i think it's going to be a good
change a necessary change and a good one
so that's all for today i hope you guys
enjoyed the video don't forget to
subscribe and i will see you tomorrow
goodnight everyone I was given the
soothing mustache band-aids and are
actually coming in the use I don't need
to use it on my mustache just my finger
but it's gonna be just it's gonna work
just the same well you are gonna draw a
face on your finger
why is it when you put a band-aid over
something it automatically feels better
oh it does need a face like little eyes
right there hahaha right now looks like
a set of hooters in a bathing suit so I
just sent this tally every emoticon I
could possibly do all right let's time
to go to bed and oh look it's still
there quarter still there so I can get
to this thing so all right obviously
here tomorrow good night
see what you did
it's coming over your hardly wait
hey where's the ESX
giddy with Joss trippin
where's with chakra finale don't
you
