mmm time for healthy food well why does
that look so weird on camera the color
of that stove looks like a balloon even
though it's like bread morning guys
we're in Memphis Tennessee ever been
here before
it's kind of crazy like you wake up just
start running you have no idea where
you're at I'm just gonna see the town
street sweeper
StumbleUpon things like I was saying I
guess it's occupy Memphis huh
no idea where I'm at I feel like that
the common theme I like along with
touring with me is this I end up places
you guys hurry
it's my grass is dying because it's so
disgusting lately my pond is so it's so
sad okay oh hi let me go cut a rose it's
so pretty oh my gosh that is beautiful
that's amazing it's got like pink on the
edges of the petals another beautiful
rose I am so lucky all right
after our morning ritual of finding
Starbucks and I also have to go find a
post office and mail all all these
squeaky toys - Zoey Marly last night was
the last drawer in my bunk and I rolled
over I did scared the crap out of me so
time to time to ship it back so what
Zoey Martha had something to play with
pictured like going to the post office
opening the geobox themselves oh we have
a lot of balls out front kick it kick it
anyone can play drums and Memphis can
anyone play drums Danny broke his foot
there's a photo right over here here's a
better angle it's got like a movie set
that's so cool
fight fight fight oh there's a car
coming
Ilana Rousey my cock takes up this whole
chair alright so we Marley better
appreciate this there we go
this is where the band first foo thing
the cookie can haha they have like the
Sasquatch burger I don't smell sorry man
there's a we gotta get we the Kings on
here
wait I want to sign it
I want to sound a place sorry what did
you say who does the Polish weird on
what Yankovic no that's not what she's
like I got a piece-of-shit car and I was
like what's that she's like you never
heard that song it's weird I'll yoga
this trip he is like a wookie like a
wookie okay if I wonderful wookies have
wooed 'yes i bet they do
don't don't hold me in the comments help
me I guess that's enough I swear to god
you're an alien dog I swear you're not
from this planet
get down it's just like new all right
help me with the comments yay
all right we're getting down I don't
know what she's trying to do she does it
every time
oh there goes yo so is this great on you
right now
I'll stand up
obviously that equivalent whole wave of
planar Yoshi what do you do it she's a
local so she's explaining some of the
challenges and look at this oh hi guys
we got a pigeon you're in the vlog
huh hey I got a question for you ask
what do you think of Asians it's all I
believe this way cut it show respect
doesn't matter what your race is I'm
show respect you get respect but you
disrespect I get ugly
all right good answer yeah and that was
a few seconds with Yoshi
I forgot actually show you guys this so
I guess it was like three days ago one
of the days when we first got on the bus
I put a quarter right here just randomly
I was like sleeping and I like they just
fell in my pocket or something
and I put it right here I'm not gonna
move it for the entire tour and we'll
see if it just stays there so every day
we're gonna look for this quarter it's
random I know but I just want to see
because it's already lasted three days
not even trying so
maybe it's a good-luck order
so this is what we're doing tonight
we're gonna try to challenge ourselves
Travis doesn't even he's but not but
actually happening all pretty gaming
basically eating all the food we
possibly can and drinking all the water
it means a six pound burger it was on
like man inverse food Danny found it on
his phone so we're gonna do that right
now we're gonna go play a show so we can
actually move around on stage so all
right plan is to work out now great and
then we can go and eat a really
incredibly hungry and then go devour 6
pounds of 6 pounds but we're also adding
bacon we wanted to okay yeah add stuff
to it though we can add look at the
bottom it says for Bastien dollars Oh Oh
for additional seven dollars we can add
more more stuff than a six pound bow
all right well time for Yoshi vision now
so all right time time to mess things up
I don't even need the paper towel we're
way too polite to be Rockman
reupholstered let me do that really
quick all right
did we fix it yeah right
clean it we're all there like with
bleach ah that was fun
you are my Everest part two and now you
are what
yeah what admit will eat this oh it's so
good do you uh oh my god I can smell it
and it's like I'm I'm salivating you're
smelling it it's that ridiculous
it's Bank trimming time for the Madre
all right this is looking good
I think we're done right there perfect
well now you just look scary but I get
it an okay job they look like they look
ridiculous right now they're not like
fixed but thanks honey
yay bangs sorry what
well that was intense everyone just
assumed the stage there's no barricade
so everyone just stormed the stage on
check yes awesome awesome Memphis
awesome crucial decision - or one giant
one one giant one is six six beef two
pounds of Medicine so it's eight pounds
total yeah we're gonna if we're gonna
have seven people we should do two of
the small ones which is eight pounds
it's more food but we don't have to like
you know cram around like one personally
soon we're calling ahead so we don't the
way around for now and a half with bacon
and cheese we got a good thing here that
really low grumbling noise that sounds
like a semi off in the distance
that's actually my cat she's behind
those curtains and she is livid looking
so he's always hiding behind she's like
I know I know it's down there
she looks like she's about to attack
okay and then uh I'm gonna leave that
cat alone I know you really want to say
that Kevin now is not a good time oh oh
oh oh my god oh you guys ready for this
oh yeah we ready go my stomach is we've
been brain is we've been pre-gaming all
day did it did did it yeah you wanna do
some cheese like we walked in Danny's
like we're gonna wrap up and then Travis
is immediately ordering just like
everything
she was so overwhelmed those other fits
I don't think it's gonna take an hour to
cook 1 hour take 2 this is what we're
going for right now cheese lot that's a
lot I wanted to make it a veggie burger
for him and now the waiting game
bringing your piece all right good luck
guys this is the
everyone under the belt egged the belts
done didn't bring any sweat pants any
sweat pants so Tim Duncan just walked by
ice just randomly walk by I'm too slow
O'Brien's gonna go get a photo and Chris
is making sure they said the creepy guy
oh yeah no I forgot to tell you guys
that no oh my god
yeah that's anywhere in around my hand
evarin is it good
we're actually trying to do this
challenge time lapse time dude we're
gonna do this we're gonna do this like
five minutes five minutes we're gonna do
this big ass burger no chance big-ass
fries big ass pickles if you know tomato
yeah and all this - this is the worst
part I think yeah I think we have to eat
all this I'm trying to FaceTime Allie I
gotta bring you around on this I can't
eat that pickle full pickle no chewing
to swallow this pickle and all right we
gotta get good taking one for the team
dude take one for the team
poking sound right
all right Travis doesn't like the tomato
tomato so we have to the a expert so we
got the burger down short up it's all
it's all dispersed at least so we got
this and then the fries and the pickle
get some lettuce
there's Miletus better than the full
onion we're pretty much coming in at the
last bit though we pretty much got it
all down we're just trying to get rid of
all the vegetables and the fries alright
you want to watch out I'll leave you on
the camera we can't hear you though oh
yeah go back to work baby he's sleepy go
back to bed I love you nobody's going to
eat that bread form go french fries we
did it we do it I think we did it guys
what's the time what's the time so what
was the time under an hour
did it please
round of applause guys so everyone in
Tulsa when you wonder why we're not
moving around on stage a lot this is
this exactly what plan you clean the
pickle juice we don't the finished
Aransas wait so they have to have it
never desert challenge to seven minutes
well we did it - we should be up here
we should oh my goodness you guys I am
ecstatic so while I was shopping in
Orlando a few days ago with Hannah and
some of our friends I left this necklace
inside of a dressing room at Ted Baker
which is a store in the outlet mall
there those guys sent it to me free of
charge because I called them and I
explained that I got it for graduation
from my friend and I was really really
upset that I lost it and I was willing
to pay for it to be shipped to me but
they did it for free and they were so
nice about it and the guy answered the
phone after the store was closed so I
just want to say a huge thank you to Ted
Baker that's amazing
I really appreciate that's like amazing
customer service thank you so much for
sending it to me that's awesome
also tomorrow morning Melissa and I are
planning on doing a DVD workout it's
like called insanity or something I have
no idea what it is I don't have no idea
what I'm in for
Melissa seems to think that it's gonna
kick my ass but she's probably right but
I'm really excited so she's gonna come
over here I told her 8:00 a.m. we're
waking up 8a and let's see it's not
quite midnight yet and I'm going to bed
I'm really stoked about this is the
first time I've gone to bed this early
in like forever
so getting up early guys can start
working out again really excited about
it cuz you know Charles is doing his
like running thing every single day I'm
just eating and not doing anything not
working out at all so I'm gonna start
working out again and I'm really excited
about it so let's do this guys it's
getting shape yeah om does not sound
good
gotta go to bed yeah hey guys see you
tomorrow
the Wyatt and our first two songs that
guy would have been gone no leader would
have been done this eight pound friggin
every time I hiccup I feel like it might
be a puke alright guys well I hope you
had fun that was that no way we did it
if you guys if you guys want us to do
more of these tell us in the comments
like all the places on a tour dates like
go look at the tour dates and find out
some challenges and tell us in the
comments and maybe we'll try to do all
you guys all want to sleep over at my
bus I'm going straight in there's gonna
be like tight boy
alright guys tell us in the comments 5
more challenges alright you guys
you see you tomorrow
baby at sexy
with trippy
in early
