duh is that entirely necessary what you
doing there mmk it's just uh there it is
that's your butt morning how do we get
the Mexico
well you can pull the Romeo and Juliet
thing words live by Donovan beetle
asking your silly fish look at my
computer and not look at Marley who is a
brat oh hello giant mirror version of me
so I spent the majority of my day
running errands and doing March and not
being very entertaining on film but
tonight is actually snake thanks
girlfriend elena it's her birthday so
i'm going to get ready and gonna go out
and have a couple drinks with them cuz
we love those guys so yeah for a break
time finally it's not a long day it's
huge nice big stage shaving in the bay
under the bus oh my asking heart all
right
hey to do laundry next alley be proud
Lisa maintain gotta maintain to scrub
guys very important yeah a lot of you
guys don't get to see what's under the
bus it's basically our luggage where we
basically go in here like raccoons
especially when it's raining like it's
doing right now and basically change
it's got a frightening under here
especially if you don't like small
spaces like I don't oh ok you guys are
like little by little seen what goes on
behind like a rock show like a tour like
a tour bus and stuff i hope you guys are
liking that cuz i know like no luckily
no my dad and stuff I got to see tour
buses a lot but a lot of people don't
sorry I don't clean oh I hope you guys
like that cuz I gotta find it like kind
of cool you guys gotta get to see you
know stuff more people don't you
normally get to see no I mean it's fun
showing you guys think I'm showing you
guys I can each secret for something
like that was a queen too
don't judge me all right take my money
oh come on don't you hate this like all
the technology in the world again we
send somebody space we can't make a
machine takes lightly crinkled there we
go didn't do anything different oh I
wish I was here which one's better do we
want apple fruit mango tango or do I
doubt if it's not the same right all
right set timer for 26 minutes I think
we're good guys oh I think I actually
forgot to tell you guys this we have a
dew tour t and i want to show it to you
hold on so it has Coley has myself and
everybody in the band and Travis
actually drew this t-shirt like you did
the design and as well shit I want you
to in comments tell me which ones me I
want you guys try to find it right all
right here's the gray version so you can
find me
pretty cool right Travis actually drew
this and then there's the black one over
there any guesses with me which one I am
really cool actually um it's uh the the
first tool of the first shirt with all
of us so it's really exciting and we got
a big giant backdrop that's actually
being made it should be there for
Oklahoma I think too so yeah and guess
which one that I was vegas yeah there's
that's the bar we went to last time and
it was a creepy lady in the mine when
were we here like three months ago two
months ago to now big yachts right here
thank your day job booth right now it's
40 fair which I think just left us here
uh i'ma let you do it all right okay I
got got off the bus I saw the sign this
is justin yeah okay what do you want to
say um hey Holly um yeah yeah what now
apparently she really wants to be in a
fish me that she's not here now so yeah
Pauly you owe him now I think Danny and
Trevor
whoa
I rambunctious when I have a lot of
coffee I had coffee I had coffee I know
so take it on nice little walk again
downtown Nashville that's pretty cool
trying to kill some time see if you guys
recognize TV guys recognize any like
landmark it's great there there it is
you guys just have serious deja vu right
now it just screams you right now try
I'm gonna do a cookie cone good
working at
so dainty with it it's cuz you like
slurping their size so you guys have
been asking me quite often to do a
makeup tutorial but I'm totally not a
makeup guru or like a professional
makeup artist but I will do kind of for
fun is just to do a really quick montage
or I guess like a fast forward of me
during my guess so here's a high speed
version of my Anka right
you
ok guys so that's pretty much how it's
done like i said i'm not an expert but i
just love playing around with makeup and
I sort of experimented with it on my own
for a long time and then I just learned
what works and what doesn't work for me
so that's what i get for tonight I mean
that's Raul he's made a dollar I wish I
could do a backflip I would be charging
constantly kohli want to see backflip
sure one thing I do it like fail at
about backflip that'll be five dollars
is awesome Vegas back I know right it
was scary just one of the dress
if you guys don't know what that was i
was actually an arbor it's one of the
other bands data were on tour with zero
tolerance right I can kind of get this
stuff but gang signs stay that safe yeah
a profanity kind of interesting actually
had never seen that last one had what no
no hardcore dancing
ah
Oh
hi
Oh
Wow
you
smokin Joe he doesn't always need a
perfect holy shit that kid is getting
the crap beat out of him right now oh my
god where is somebody to like help then
there's like nobody going to break it up
that's a fight right now had another
successful Yoshi vision look at him he's
already busy at work game I can't him
get him on the camera is so busy but it
was he's so busy he's like always busy I
want everyone to just thank Yoshi in the
comments for like they always filming
for us I'm gonna give you guys three
guesses in the comments Danny's gonna do
is a famous impression of an actor
what's in a show of the year oh you
already did this but thick I do they
won't know they have to guess they have
two guests who is what actor is he
portraying right now just by the way
he's speaking all right ready ready for
it give me back my family how is your
guessing time first person to get in the
comments gets Danny will give them a
hundred dollars I'll make sure he does
it oh ok I just got off the bus and
there's three people right there right
Kellyanne Jacob and Alex she just
informed me she's been watching the
videos since 2005 he doesn't mind what
was the first video the video of Zoey
learning how to play crispy goat us on
the trail strip your channel go find
that 2004 that blew my way 10 years old
when I started watching your videos that
is like
I've grown up a whole haha hi just wanna
show you guys and it's your birthday so
everyone everyone say happy birthday to
Jacob some snazzy hoodies there snazzy
hi guys disadvantage not you know beyond
busting out on the hotel it's just very
kind of taking shower Oh any water shoes
or something it's gonna open laughs
that's not again man man party sup Elvis
the boot
it's mario luigi we take you on a break
I'm afraid you're all that'll do it
twenty dollars
Thank T fair on this one you told me
shit
take two years 21 roster have fun I like
the Sun break it down like our Gigi boy
even got a strand over here one side I
know you want a bar together with this
guy ya know i like to call it a ton of
this cobbler no that's oh boy keep on
dancing the door whatever your ball 3
the dice Danny just got a raise more
money I think every time we go out
anywhere we have to do that every single
time that was so funny I'm gonna post
the full version is like four minutes
I'm Pete uncut 44 minutes on the trippy
channel youtube.com slash trippy I'll
put a link down in the video description
four minutes of this wrapping and
drumming hey guys alright so we're still
walking Kohli is leading the way we
don't know where we're exactly going
pull back there um yeah so I just want
to say good night guys and tomorrow is
Superbowl Sunday I don't really watch it
but it's gonna be kind of fun uh totally
Tennessee you guys have been digging the
hole seeker phase thing and uh I got a
good one this is where Nashville okay
today in the comments just say Elvis
lives that way when people watch this
video they're like what he lives and
he's alive Kohli saw three times is in
the same position it was kind of weird
so you guys tomorrow goodnight and Ally
make sure Marley is not peeing on the
rug again all right guys
see what you did
it's coming over guard we wait
hey where's easy a taxi
giddy with trippy and alli
just like see
it was chartered in Harry don't forget
Zoe more
you
