hey stinky you be good are you gonna be
good no eating trash or poop I'll be
able to watch you in the vlogs to make
sure you're doing good stuff not bad
stuff you have to report directly to me
I love you guys love you can i bribe you
okay oh I can bribe you too cool morning
guys
we Travis what time do we have to get
there yeah 37 seconds 34 minutes
otherwise we're missing our play
challenge accepted he actually makes a
bad time while going the speed limit of
course hands on the wheel by the way I
just asked Motel melee at the airport
maybe she's asking family to move over
well we have a move a speed bump in our
journey it was really not even going but
he was like a few miles over so it's
just bad luck bad luck I think what it
is just so shady the shady van didn't
know what was going on okay no kids in
here yes weird country music stars like
I wanted to say yes just Casey likes
country rock and roll I simply say yeah
he's nice he's doing his job only a
couple miles over but you know yeah
right okay
now we're switching Danny lost an eye
everybody well you got a twitch now we
get to go to the airport yeah this work
story time so you have to drive this
thing back a little buster
Phoebe
wait wait what's this what's this I
think we actually may have made this by
its lead three hours well we made it we
kind of made it we have three hours to
kill now so we're just gonna get some
food hashtag misadventures we're gonna
look back on this day we're gonna watch
this video you know what I think I would
have made it if I didn't get pulled over
that's it we were like bowling for like
six or ten minutes we would have made it
otherwise well the ray of the ray of
sunlight and this whole missing the
flight is they get to spend more time
for with my lovely beautiful wife and
Danny me me all right now now we got to
go back that's by don't tempt me I need
a new computer
yeah love you bye love you
Jon Odie's no you know big truck her
mama over here
I love you
everyone's sleeping now we just wait for
45 minutes
more minutes what I just saying there's
a minute's anyway so yeah yesterday if
you guys didn't know we uploaded the
wedding photo video montage all the
wedding photos basically began the links
down there and so put it on this channel
but if not the links down there in the
video description and we uploaded like
300 photos as well I'll try to have Ally
she's actually gonna be editing the vlog
until I figure out how slow internet
busses it the internet on the bus is so
yeah if you haven't seen the wedding
photos definitely go check those out cuz
they came out I'm amazing and then there
was one guitar
look at this error
well we made it to Kentucky big ol kites
big old kites supposed to be here a few
hours ago but we still got a few hours
scooter called me as then it was like
hey the meet greets in 30 minutes I was
like we're still taxiing to the gate oh
my god what will make it up to him I was
like hang out with everybody after yeah
I'll party I'm plan on throwing the
biggest dance party our bus has ever
seen on this tour but the first day like
strobes and everything
like losing it right now adventure today
wait where's Danny oh wait no no right
sorry thought we lost them
it's all in his head there's like no
music it's just all in his head
good I'm pretty sure of the crashing to
be hamburger meat
what kind lean turkey vegetarian I've
ever been on
hands down well you beat us got the new
oh it's expendable expandable one this
is not oh my god it's so much wider this
is the the new home away from home which
Pocoyo my house
look at you I'm right here you sure
about that
alright this is my new bunk a nice
passes Oh cuz we're at the end of the
world tour we the kings saving the world
2012 oh there's only one way I'm playing
can land like that someone put it there
that's actually kind of scary no what's
your name and look at this these are all
the vlog titles right there that is
crazy thank you I'm not in denial there
all the songs the Internet's yours right
now
we're watching longer than I've been
watching there I do yeah what's your
name
sure okay look at they all brought Zoe
Marley cool huh
okay this is awesome thank you guys
party with the moms
I've got ass in a pod yeah there's like
a nastiest meal I've ever had my entire
life but you know I'm really excited
about it so that's super mmm-hmm good
it's like it's a glimmering it's
glistening
hold it right there forcing yourself to
laugh is a really good way to actually
laugh but also I honestly there's gonna
sound so weird no matter how I say this
but when I'm laying down I laugh a lot
harder do you know I mean yeah like when
you're laying down you just by sharing
you yeah it's like everything is just
automatically a fan pick up and we're
officially the weirdest people you know
alright first show the the new tour
what's just luck guys going to Yoshi
vision out I'll do it fuck you Jerry
Danny said I look like a messed up
Teletubby zero guys ready they zero what
at the end of the world what what that
still she can adjust I was sure no
yelling whatever if she takes me higher
alright now your vision
I basically feel like an RV belt right
now just any type of fast food under
those lights hi guys I've got a got here
hi guys come on everyone now is blinded
like that's perfect
all right show number one in the bag go
all this trash
it's a drinking water up no dear all
right so I just went out really quick to
find the camera from Yoshi and a bunch
of girls we're right next to the bus and
look at the gave us isn't that awesome
I freaking love this you guys need to
come and make more CTFxC signs awesome
it's so amazing thank you guys so much
love the internet have been appointed
technician of trying to figure out how
to get the Wi-Fi and no idea what I'm
doing
I'm just turning things on and off
no internet honestly guys you have to be
like thanking Ali right now she is
completely holding on right now she's
making sure all these vlogs or like
edited and uploaded on time because it's
very creepy right I should probably not
do this I am lucky uh worked I like to
think that I actually know what I just
did I have no idea I had a flashlight no
idea what I just did it worked though we
have internet yeah everything every I
have no idea
every literally no idea what I did do to
fix anything
everything all right guys day one in the
bag kind of go to bed get my little my
little cubicle oh my neighbor down there
is Koli behind oh hello it's time to
clean these things brought you by crest
all right guys I'll see you guys
tomorrow
good night love you honey so Charles is
in Louisville he just played a show I am
going to be editing the vlog for a
couple days until we can find some
stable internet or am I just keep doing
it I know you guys like when I edit I
enjoy it I'm a little bit slower rather
than Charles as though it takes me quite
a while but I'm getting the hang of it
and it's it's actually interesting I
really liked at it so I'm gonna go to
bed and get some rest because tomorrow
it's gonna be a very stressful morning I
have to go and get like blood work and I
really don't like needles I don't think
anybody like really likes needles but
I'm pretty terrified so I'm gonna maybe
I'll show you guys what's gonna happen
to me tomorrow I don't know I'm really
freaked out about it I'm actually
getting nervous talking about it so I'm
gonna stop talking about it now and I'll
see you guys tomorrow can I oh god
without trippin
with dirty
