you're ridiculous I'm not you are you're
do shit she's making fun of me I'm gonna
hand this man an iPhone ago it's a
reward it's not that big of a deal you
don't see it now is being a little more
dramatic than normal isn't she
I feel weird also hashtag first world
problems when my iPhone doesn't scan
because the Sun is too bright and I
can't get my Starbucks right away keep
being me like I was complaining I
realized that I was complaining about
the fact that it wasn't scanning and I'm
like oh I'm an I'm an idiot
I am going to rehearsals because we
leave tomorrow for tour with the May Day
Parade all over the United States and
we're gonna have learned three possibly
four new songs for this tour so we rent
it out like a spot and Guitar Center and
I got my bass I don't have my really
good basis but I had my old trusty bass
and then we're going back to the home
where I purchased them and I got a
coffee let's do this
we drinkin mami Starbucks you're so
weird
excuse me oh no no no I don't think now
that Marley knows there's a Starbucks
she's like nope this is the dog this is
the brat dog Oh God
and with the humping and there we go all
right
that's that's great mark that's perfect
oh my get one Zoe what is that face oh
you gotta go - oh jeez she just bit her
in the neck
kittens Oh get the pool get in there Zoe
get in there Zoe
oh maybe Oh nope I want to go swimmin oh
yeah don't bark at it
we have the rackets
I don't know it's true
yeah Oh Mike you done she's like okay
that was my swim I'm finished now
shadow shadow games you're being a
weirdo look how she's doing she's
rubbing I know it is she's like
scent-marking like she's like rubbing or
not scent-marking but she's trying to
a from Queens I'm gonna be working
closely and she's done cars those here
to play cards don't play cards well the
cars
why would I don't know so as I'm talking
to Marley's always very interested in
what I'm saying let's take a look do I
need to take you to the doctor Marley's
there's something going on with you you
hurt do I need to fix your foot is there
a problem
should we go somewhere else is there
something wrong with you she's like
what a psycho
oh just relaxing outside for a minute
it's a really nice day
but you'll t foot off handle lunch
Marley here in the lens right but you're
not allowed to eat and you're looking at
pictures of food not just that you're
looking at pictures of food on sale
even so you're getting the you're
getting the mixed shapes I'm gonna make
sure she can fix I need a Big Mac I feel
I feel like a teenager without a
driver's license right now Ali took the
car and I'm just waiting oh there they
are
why it's driving Oh Ali didn't even need
my car hey nice car that's not mine Punk
you want it yeah I'll take it
why not totally left Charles totally
totally ditched em look at you with the
face how cool he is car that's not mine
you want it come on figure it out come
on oh that's just a base just a base no
big deal it's just an instrument no no
big deal honey good job what a roadie
and I guess like I'll pan by ya see if
we can do this
this ain't gonna work for this yeah I
made it I wasn't the world's fastest man
it was a skid on the Charles Trippy
channel where I ran past one of these
doohickeys did it worked right well cuz
there was a car that went by it
oh so I want to see if I can actually do
it want me to speed by going like 80 or
something and yeah you got this
I don't think it did anything I pan back
it's kind of bright because of the Sun
now oh this car can go go go go go you
can do this science experiment it's
gonna work that feeling
oh it's hauling ass oh dude you're going
17 for a second there oh here we go this
one this is the money Wow I'm proud of
you I know you got 219 there for a
second I'll try to put a link to the
video I did a long time ago on the
charger but you have like okay go home
Zoe got a new tongue twister fluffy
puppy fluffy puppy faulty pop say it
fluffy puppy do it quick wait are you
doing it right let me see here terrassa
fluffy pup fluffy puppy fluffy I can't
do it at one thousand one thousand
fluffy puppies oh you just did it you
did it she did hey Zoe
girlfriends out here we're just
girlfriend she like knows he's got a fox
so we gonna do it on there taking out
there so he knows yeah this is what he
knows better not mess with me please you
okay yeah just go so I just got done
from rehearsal and we just learned a
bunch of new songs for the new set cuz I
think it's good we last time we get to
have a rehearsal before all the other
tourists cuz we leave tomorrow I have
really good news guys I finally finished
the wedding video photo montage so at
the end of this video you guys probably
saw it before the flocks we uploaded it
before the vlog but it's on this channel
the CTFxC Channel and it's probably I
think it's like maybe a hundred and
fifty different photos as you can see
just various photos to our buddy's
invoice Avenue let us use a couple of
their songs
so yeah the wedding photos are finally
here and they came out amazing but for
the video I couldn't use every single
one
them so what I'm going to do is well is
that I think in the video description
below or at least on the video
description of the the photo montage
will be a link to like 150 200 more
photos so that way you can see all the
photos because I wasn't able to fit a
mile this one's like 150 so if you want
to see all the photos I'll put a link
down there but yeah go check out the
wedding montage video the links probably
at the top of this video description
I'll remind you at the end if you want
to you know just watch the rest of the
vlog and then go over there but Jason
the guy who did all the photos amazing
job and we were really fortunate we had
corey vidal and his crew doing an
amazing video which by the way just
passed two million views so high five
guys don't break your monitors this time
and now we got these awesome photos so
yeah go check those out it's done and
I'm just gonna relaxing right now I fly
out to go we all fly out to go to the
tour bus which is I don't even know i
think is north carolina or something to
start the made a tour which you guys if
you haven't gotten tickets it's the u.s.
tour before we head over to europe Ali's
gonna be coming up so two random shows I
know for sure she's gonna be at the LA
one on February 18th I know Shay Justine
Toby Phil Lindsey a bunch of miles is
gonna be awesome in LA a bunch of my
friends are gonna come out and you know
party with us and have an awesome show
so if you can get tickets that one that
one's gonna be fun
my lovely housewife is doing my my my
clothes it's my beautiful housewife I
finished your laundry matches are in the
third place
that was very appropriate actually no
actually Ally really likes doing the
laundry every time I do it she always
pushes me out because she actually
actually really likes it and I always
screw it up
oh is where you guys want to be don't go
any further
oh you just want to take a big dump
right there that's cool thanks though
yeah ready here you go good
okay aeroplanes
hello fluffy dog look at the wookie hey
getting jealous down there I know
somebody's a little jealous that I'm
leaving tomorrow
you know he's mine check it out speak
what are those aircraft carriers
aircraft carriers like jumbo cargo
planes things huge what are you doing
daddy's off is your cousin weird doesn't
bother you watch Tyson not a fan no I
wonder do you wanna help me pack huh be
helpful okay packing you guys know that
I hate packing anyway tomorrow I know I
gotta leave tomorrow don't want to talk
to you I'm just gonna walk away
tomorrow kicks off the May Day May Day
Parade and We The Kings tour like across
the United States and you know like a
lot of you guys asked me in the comments
like if I really like like touring and
all that stuff and here's I love it's
like a love/hate okay here let me
explain this I love absolutely love
getting to see the world and you know
like not only seeing it I get to share
it with you guys and just kind of like
you know what I mean because a lot of
people don't get to travel and I'm a
very fortunate person trust me guys I
think every being and the like the world
and the Karma levels and all that stuff
for the life I have and thank you guys
for the life I have it's like one of
those things it's like I really love
showing you guys all the different
places that we get to go and you know
like everyone just everyone gets to like
travel we're all traveling together you
know what I mean it's not just me
getting on this airplane it's you guys I
have like what how many how many
subscribers do we have like five or six
hundred thousand people on my back it's
a lot it that's like I can't I have to
check some of you guys I can't carry on
like all of you and you know it's like
one of those things I just blows me away
every day anyway but yeah I love I love
touring I love music music has been a
passion of mine I beginning of the vlogs
you know guys you guys have seen it I
mean Ali knows that's why she's like you
know so supportive and so loving and so
caring about all this stuff I mean like
long story short I get to show you guys
the world and I hope you guys are really
having fun with these because it's just
gonna get we're gonna go to Europe we're
gonna do I can't tell you the secret
tour but some of you guys might know it
can't tell you after this one I really
want to tell you
I'll see if Travis will let me like say
it first here on CTFxC or something but
you know what I mean I mean I miss my
bitches I miss them but the the positive
thing about this is that I have so many
SkyMiles
Ali's gonna come out as many many times
as possible I'm gonna come back randomly
just to go cuz I can fly Ali out all the
time but I'm not gonna put zoey and
Marley on an airplane you guys know that
cuz I just don't believe in it I'm gonna
cry I come home every once in a while
you know on our days off and just go
play was doing Marla at the beach or the
park or something
I miss my bitches but I I know I know
we Ali and I have had a million and one
conversations about this and we honestly
believe that we're doing the right thing
you know the right decision and I love
my wife she is the most supportive
person in the world when I doubted I'm
like when I doubt when I doubt anything
she's just like BAM right there the rock
you don't I mean not like that might
Wayne Johnson or you know that bad movie
actually was a good movie with Nicolas
Cage what I was trying to say is that
it's it's amazing because I never really
am it like imagined being able to meet
as many people as I have the South
America one that blew my mind I mean
this is like a really positive thing
because I get to finally meet a lot of
you guys there's high five gives like
hugs hopefully I'll be able to figure
out once like you know like once we get
some sort of Patti this is new to me
guys like I'm still learning all the
stuff like you know how to do this this
is all totally new my dad did this for
like 10 15 well help 10 years 8 or 10
years with gregg allman hardcore i this
is 6 months 7 months into this and I'll
get I'll get better I'll get better I
just hope you guys are having fun I'm
gonna figure out a lizanne we come to a
bunch of shows hopefully she's
the Thailand with Lindsay so that's
gonna be really cool too so I'll be like
on I don't know where I'll be and she'll
be in Thailand I've never been that's
gonna be really cool yeah I can keep
talking forever but I'm gonna pack I
literally only have one shirt on my
shoulder because I was talking to get so
much forget what happened to it but what
was the flight of the conchords like mmm
baguette oui oui
very good news monotone I tell don't
wedding video wedding video photo
montage is alive but everyone's been
asking when we were gonna get them
photos for the the photos for the
wedding up like basically online and we
just got him a couple days ago I just
put them into a video at the end of this
video they'll be linked those link down
there in the video description ally is
obviously very excited wait wedding
video photo montage is that right and
then on that there's a bunch of like raw
photos and stuff like that you guys can
check out but uh yeah I'm gonna I'm
gonna go to bed guys I just want to let
you guys know we both want to let you
know that all the awesome photos are
online you can go check that out so
please go check it out thank you thank
you for being amazing yes good night
guys I'll see you tomorrow
but things were kind of heavy now every
February let's just talk after the night
there's no need to rush we can dance
until we die you and I we'll be young
forever
with tripping
with cherry
you
