oh my god no way bring get over there I
think you make it
not even close
there we go
there we go again so they don't have
iced tea so Travis facing the MacGyver
zone I got a little bit in there but
those aren't all used
let's pray again yeah students against
like deja vu
yeah
No
it's time for me to officially start my
day of vlogging because it is early in
the afternoon and usually I start before
this but I have not today so got my
workout in but I have some big plans
today that I'm going to look into I have
decided and Charles is actually I'm
bored with it - I'm like really in the
mood to like start redoing some things
in the house and I'm trying to find like
cool alternatives for different rooms in
the house and one project that I've been
working on is like the downstairs half
bath obviously you saw I cleaned it up
who's so exciting but I've been looking
into wallpaper friend there which some
people are gonna like not gonna :
wallpaper I don't know I think I like it
first stop was to get my coffee next up
it is some Depot just call my mom - and
she's like I really want to go with you
I'm just trying to steer me away from
doing any type of wallpaper because a
lot of people don't they just don't like
wallpaper I mean I get that it could be
super complicated to put up or at least
it was in the past but I will tell you
this I've been doing a lot of research
and I have fallen in love with kind of
the wallpaper trend where it's like
really bold prints in simple rooms and
that's kind of like your accent piece
for the room so I really like that and
our house is very gray and white like
very very gray and I've been telling you
guys this forever that I just really
struggle with how we're gonna decorate
it and now that we're actually finally
getting settled in after two and a half
years we're really wanting to start
decorating and doing things of that sort
so I'm gonna go look at paint too
because I'm not gonna take that option
off the table but I'm gonna go do a
little research today probably not gonna
buy anything but I'm gonna see what I
can find cuz maybe there is paint that
I'm gonna want to use instead
so DIY alley we've got the Adelaide
what I did last time here Danny reminded
me though it's a different city to break
the rest
I remember this dude in Seattle it is a
cool city however the only thing I
remember is I just walked around but
there was a campus living University of
Adelaide there's an awesome zoo there's
a mall that's pretty much it Brisbane
was the one that had the the alone kind
of thing so I totally done goofed on
that one
I just present stand inside I wanted
it's so hot though
maybe end up in the zoo I don't know
just wanted to take you guys around
Adelaide at least for a little bit
Jesus Christ
I really like zoos in other countries
because I feel like in the United States
like zoos are like very small I mean
they're well taken care of but I feel
like other countries there's their
habitats are just so much larger and
just find that really cool well that was
fun a little short lived I'm literally
I'm not even kidding I'm the last person
in the zoo right now
they closed like five or ten minutes ago
and I got I guess you could say it lost
them to jungle I mean you heard all that
stuff I think I found the exit but I
already made friends with a couple of
the beekeepers I've been wandering
around in circles that they've had to
guide me out this is not a really bad
place next time I'll have to come a
little bit earlier that way could see
more stuff so I went to Home Depot and I
didn't make any rash decisions I was
like you know what I'm just gonna look
around see what I can find
see if there's anything like jumps out
at me kind of thing and then I found
myself picking up almost every single
color that was there because I might oh
that could be cool whoo that could be
cool ooh that could be cool so I just
want the easy route and I ended up
getting like a book that has pretty much
every single color ever imaginable in it
I'm more in the green range obviously
you guys probably know that but I'm like
I'm feeling some of these like lighter
greens that are a little bit different
like I kind of like that this one which
you can't really see it that well on the
actual camera but I also kind of like
doing something way blue like I'm like
cool we could do it like a really really
really cool blue color but I don't know
if I were to do pink and I still don't
know if I want to do paint that's the
thing the wallpapers that I were looking
at was like this like 70s tropical
wallpaper that are like more like
lighter pastel colors because I kind of
like it when bathrooms are super super
dark however I don't know I don't know
if I want to do necessarily tropical I
don't know I haven't really figured it
out yet not exactly sure I'm gonna talk
to the charr a little bit more and see
what he says see what he thinks and then
come up with some more options tomorrow
I think my mom is actually gonna go with
me to Home Depot
so that she can kind of give me her
input on things and see what you know
she likes to you'll see I'm just excited
to like start really doing stuff to the
house that I was heads tend to do before
because we weren't like exactly sure
what we're gonna do we don't want to
spend a ton of money however I want it
done correctly so it's like I'm a
bargain shopper with a good mind in the
sense of I don't have to redo it that
make any sense I don't know hey we're
gonna go 4wd okay
you won't go for Adobe okay go for a
walk oh geez yes Oh
give me your paw yeah oh okay good good
boy going up
hey was uneventful unfortunately I
didn't actually tell you guys this
yesterday Diesel's been a little off and
I got a little freaked out yesterday
with him he's been kind of having these
moments of like gazing off and he does
something that isn't familiar to me in
regards to his mannerisms and just
everyday he's been kind of a little
different a little off so I have been
really keeping an eye on him and it's
kind of been pre activating a lot of my
time and super supportive of that but I
think I want to be taking him to the vet
this week because this is the second
time that this weird event has happened
and it's really it's really freaking me
out so I think he's okay he seems to be
okay diesel are you just being goofy huh
are you just being goofy because you're
an old man yeah he's had two little
weird spells that have happened in the
past two weeks and you know I just want
to go get him checked out so like I said
I've just been keeping a very close eye
on him and making sure that he's okay he
still has got to the same personality so
it makes me think that maybe this is
just like a fluke thing that's happened
so I don't know we'll see sorry I'm not
giving away too many details about what
happened to him because I don't really
want to make a big deal about it if I
don't have to make a big deal about it I
just kind of wanted to keep you in the
loop that's what's been going on why
I've been a little bit in my a why there
hasn't been so much filming around the
house necessarily or why there has been
so much filming on my side necessarily
plus Charles is life right now is way
more interesting than mine so let's just
be honest I wouldn't want to rather
watch that and me cleaning or answering
emails and doing all that
I'm Jeff before we end the night I just
looked and there's something called
Australia's Pizza House or Australia's
number one pizza naturally if I see
something like that I have to go test it
out called I think it literally is
called Australia's number one pizza or
Australian speak at the pizza house I'm
the official pizza tester around the
world do you have a favorite pizza place
I just go for the salad you can't go to
a pizza place that's for a salad I can
for the wings actually you know it's
funny Ali goes for the salad she goes
for the breadsticks and she'll go for
the salad salad with pita pretty nice
how I decide it's got the salty and then
you got the water yeah we got to take it
right here
well first pizza I saw was shark all
right Frankie there's your little
personal pan so Pizza Hut thank you look
at me your beats your birthday pizza
that might be a margarita pizzas
actually I don't know who it is maybe
they do it a little differently it's
kind of crazy I think this Australian
tour is almost over so we have Adelaide
show tomorrow and then I believe we
don't have any more days off so that I
think we go to hurry and that's our last
show and then we had
it's definitely bittersweet because I
love this country so much like the other
day when we were in Sydney I said that
you know I was mentioning that this this
country in Sydney in particular holds
very special sorry that's really wild
I just wish Ali could have been out here
we've got to go out into the garden
thing together I don't think it's not
gonna ever not happen again too many
double negatives what I'm trying to say
is I know where you go back out here so
it's just a matter of time but before I
say good night I just gotta give a huge
huge shout out thank you to some of the
CGI C patrons first one retro D kala
Kathleen Heather sews and Maddie Boer
diletto
thank you guys as well as Ricky sunburn
and Melissa Daly you guys and I can't
forget Jessica Biel ER and Nathan
Kollmorgen so thank you guys from the
bottom I heart every single time
I just really honestly start breaking it
was making faces I mean I just want to
say thank you guys so much over the
years
you guys were amazing and I just gotta
say thank you I will say thank you 40
times in this video okay before I go
when I'm sure he has the city ready if I
show the city I just wanted to show you
this blue building I thought it'd look
cool
see you tomorrow and have a great night
