good morning guys if you're wondering
what I'm doing right now these are the
boxers that I wore in yesterday's video
when I went to the slime BAFF times just
will not come out still slippery and
gross yeah didn't think you start the
video that way to be Charles
no I didn't throw you're the only one
being good today everyone else is being
kind of a punish so with the trip
t-minus one two three four five six days
five days we start one two three four
five I can't count are still kind of
getting all the lesson and stuff for
everything in the camping lies just
don't know what to get the important of
these on the RV
okay what are you open
now who does exit it's fun and Beyond
know with something on like like like
that I promised Peter of a bite your
finger or they're going to laugh so the
part of this never mind what you get a
vacation hat to travel and travel at and
garb in an RV you gotta have on anything
just kind of like a it's a month right
this is what you want big huge we should
get one of these fours okay keep that
actually really funny risky up alley all
I'll do this every time every time we
get some freeze-dried chicken teriyaki
let's get down did this was probably the
best the strawberry granola oh wait hold
on Boston lasagna with meat sauce with
all those tiny pen what are the tents
made for and that's not that that is is
the Center for people can't read good
fully vet this one you got front porch
there tonight uh I do kind of like it
like it's a kind of a clever idea
brother than sitting up in an alley to
this one this is like a freaking house
this is robbery in rare argh I have to
show you something let me just pan over
right now
how freakin disgusting is that is Victor
which is made out with the freaking
curtain look for he's oil and grow
I actually just glanced away up we are
literally surrounded by rain it's like
this little it was like really crappy
there so that's all rain right there
really crappy and there's an all rain
like all over here offended right now we
have beautiful like drip site between
storms today we're going to try and
figure out a little bit more like the
road trip it's so complicated because we
know everything that we're going to on
the other side of the US but we don't
know what we're going to do leading up
to that point and that's one of you
states that we have to go through before
we get to where we need to be you're
totally open to suggestions
if you guys have any ideas on places
that we should go and visit tourist
traps really strange murky town whatever
it may be
please was known in the comment section
but I'm like super excited actually
going just going to the according do so
again all the camping substances that
we're not technically camping I mean we
are we had the war looks you're inside
of it it was kind of fun to see and all
the camping stuff I was very trained
perhaps what they had there because I
can remember when I went camping with
him just a few months ago he absolutely
was like that we were no we had like
winter again while we're late on a lot
of plastic mat that's because it went
the cheap way they don't exist it we
just
whatever I've no day today it's one of
those days that I feel like I'm kind of
in a bunk
I think tars a little bit in a funk the
weather I hate to say it definitely
buzzes when a funk where you are not
willing to do anything like right now
I'm making dinner for myself and I'm
like I don't want to make dinner for me
though I wanted time to do it I sent
over the landscape watch TV and fall
asleep by 8:00 p.m.
Oh mom I love there any weather it's
like proceed in such a boring state of
mind like I really don't want to do
anything here if I eat dinner
maybe it'll wake me up and then we can
do some stuff the cha right now is in
the other room practicing because he has
a college show coming up on Sunday which
is super exciting and as soon as he gets
back we are going on our road trip but
tomorrow is going to be really fun for
us because we actually are going to be
taking our like training for the RVs but
hook up wires and tubes and everything
and anything that you can think of
buttons whatever it is so tomorrow we
have had class we're going to do our
test drive so it's going to be
interesting because I don't know if cars
ever driven in music nothing I feel like
I'm driven something relatively close to
it like some of the u-haul that we've
driven are pretty big is it exact
no I know it's not but it's going to be
a very interesting interesting ride
tomorrow
so watch this guy's balloons I'm Zoey
she's like me don't like it marlis party
going to admit don't like it prefer not
to have that
at the tech or practice of blizzards you
wanna so I go to work I'll go to Clark
hey what do you want to do your black
eye did you rub my game easy
you like to go get some food are you
hungry
so I'm going to make tar do a quick kind
of intense workout and I'm trying to
like find cool workout to do like while
we're on the road a lot of English
people get a thing like that and it goes
deeper that it doesn't care oh are you
ready for this are you ready since when
I do this place installing a quick thing
okay hey you guys in the internet world
get to judge who does the best great
like where did you go
every right in the world it is good to
do 20:31 here please you can do it fine
gosh my board cities are Olli was gonna
beat me she did aa house a quick one but
anything don't do it out or do alleys
good at doing indoor stuff I have to go
run and sweat see what happens when I go
inside to do anything that you indoors
like we're just doing I get distracted
and bored a hundred and ninety percent
true so I just might engines fans it's
like ooh some Chinese when I'm running
I'm able to see something new constantly
and my attention is constantly moving
and we've got caught in the rain so make
it look like I did way more work out
that I actually did so yesterday hi I'm
gonna grill today our new grill feel
like Emeril Lagasse man
I think it it to just let my idiot
husband do it or do it three little
master chicken taco burger whoo
sounds yummy alright guys well Ally's
making me watch The Bachelorette
Bachelorette or bachelor so I get to
watch The Bachelor tonight who's she
gonna choose who's she gonna choose
no I mean it's not over with yet who's
it going to be guys I'm gonna pretend
like I know what's going on all right
have a good night see you guys well yeah
it won't be me
