mr. armadillo mr. armadillo I don't know
if you should get that close to an
armadillo Zowie
holy crap it doesn't even care very
careful I don't know he's gonna do T
does he bite don't choke yourself son
I've never actually been this close to
family Dillo they're all over Florida
but never this close don't scare it go
you're getting yuppie oh this is crazy
to me
the Martell's get rabies be full of
rabies
hey afternoon everyone yes so today it's
kind of playing catch-up since South
America had really kind of terrible
internet I've been playing I've never
had that many emails in my entire life
to catch up with good overwhelming
anyway I had one of the bank now to give
all my pesos and reals and all that and
get that converted before because we
leave on the second for the made a tour
so I mean like we're turning around
going out and I think I was gonna come
on some random days like though she
could be on a LA and all that fun stuff
but yeah just kind of kind of playing
mustard right now you know what I mean
you thought I was gonna say ketchup no
it's not how it work can't see if the
thing is I can't remember I think I
think the bees Riaz or one to one like
forever
1 rial is like 4 dollars and then argent
pesos were like 1 in for six I got so
confused because we were three different
currencies in the few days that were out
there were three different currencies
that we had to deal with and that's why
I used credit cards all the time but
that coconut water I bought probably
like 15 of those coconut waters and
that's where all my weapon but like my
money went just wants to have coconut
water alright this might be a complete
irrational fear that I might have I know
everyone has these you know ally with
the wax paper I actually don't feel like
spiders or irrational fear but I have an
irrational fear of going into banks like
going into banks and doing any bank work
with inside the bank I like I can do the
ATMs or the drive-through going in the
bank I have an irrational fear of like
the one time I go in because I don't
ever go in the one time I go in just
give me a bank robbery irrational fear
right it's it's I I'm sure it doesn't
happen that much but I just I know that
a rational fear it's weird right it's
that weird that's why I strictly using
ATMs I feel like I can get robbed as an
ATM just as much but I feel like a like
a comical like stereotypical bank
robbery will happen the second I go in a
bank before you start making fun of me I
feel like there's other people out there
with crazier irrational fears than that
one there's got to be I'm married to
somebody who's afraid of wax paper in
the comments right now I am determined
to prove otherwise
tell me in the comments just it doesn't
have to be embarrassing just something
that's weird or quirky tell me something
that you think is like an irrational
fear that you have that you don't think
anyone else has in the world
let's compare the next on my daily
agenda okay I got a stupid adapter for
South America and look at this little
stupid I am noticing like anything wrong
with this anything wrong with that two
prong adapter right there doesn't have
the third one couldn't use it couldn't
use it for my laptop cuz I'm a dingus
hi-ho hi-ho from rich to go well pack
and ship and send all day
would you stop what what that is my
short tie my shoe please
thank you hey what what a bless you my
child
Oh watch it got my pretty girl that's
probably really windy hey guys so I know
we haven't seen much of each other been
running errands and stuff like that and
I'm currently working okay first off a
lot of people were asking why I wasn't
able to post a lot of photos while I was
in South America basically the internet
was terrible what I'm gonna do today is
I took all the photos that I took while
I was in South America and I uploaded up
to a photo album so if you want to see
all the photos from South America there
was a ton of things I actually didn't
get to do there's the top link right
there in the video description click
there check it out it was the entire
trip a lot of fun photos and here this
is the other thing I'm also we also got
the wedding photos you see this yes we
got the wedding photos and I posted on
Facebook kind of a little preview asking
if you guys wanted to see the photos on
a website or if you wanted to see them
like in a video and you guys said both
so right now as you can see I am trying
to make the wedding photo video and
that'll probably take me a couple days
but to hold you off right there go check
out the photos from South America and
then this will hopefully be uploaded in
a couple days I'm having a little bit of
a problem editing photos that's so much
fun I can do video but the second you
try to make a photo video it just you
can ask Melissa she's sitting reading
I'm like like punching at my computer
and I had a lot of coffee so that might
contribute to it what are you doing your
editing over there I'm vlogging now I'm
watching your vlog oh thanks thanks for
the view yeah
I'm getting there's a ton of amazing
photos and we're gonna make a nice
little video and then I'll like I can't
put all the photos in the video and then
I'll put that on a photo album too so
that's what you guys were telling me to
do I'm gonna go back to work so I can
get this done but yeah check out the
South American photos right there top
link hopefully if not there that means
that what what are you trying to learn
wait what'd you dis a Star Wars booty
again Melissa's never seen Star Wars as
she asked Ali what was the key Oh lookie
what's the name of the Wookiee in Star
Wars the dog looking thing there we go
what is Harrison Ford's character oh um
not Darth Vader
um Luke Skywalker isn't that one what is
the little tiny robot name not the
golden why did you okay what's the gold
101 what's the gold robot no the
professor man he sounds like a professor
I don't freaking know it's your phone
I've never seen it what is is darth
vader black or white question I know is
less weren't you doing what does that
have to do with anything
oh wait can we
jeopardy this is my buzzer okay who did
the voice for Darth Vader cool I'm gonna
make some food cuz I'm really hungry I'm
gonna mix food because I'm really hungry
huh I love it with the lights to turn on
oh let there be light
who wants to try it tomato wait Marley
you only have one one try it
no you all you did was that good
now watch though he's gonna try to eat
it
ready watch this ready guess who's gonna
eat this I love those two dogs
I think Zoey so you alright this is my
take to attempt and making pizza on the
grill my first one I totally burned this
time hey learn my lesson I turned it on
low so we'll see if this is a little bit
better then I can make chef trippi's
pizza that's good
yes
do you guys chilling cuz you're on the
ice right now already guys I'm gonna go
to bed get a kind of kind of early
bedtime I just get back on track make
sure to go check out all the awesome
South America photos I uploaded those
links down there you can go check those
out and I will I will get the wedding
photos up to suit maybe tomorrow
hopefully tomorrow
umm I don't know but yeah for now
check out the South America photos I
will see you guys tomorrow and OH
so we just took my spot of the bed Punk
alright guys
worse yet sexy
with children
Nellie
