they're going to pick up my husband at
Starbucks
I guess they I guess fear dropped them
off there so I would have to drive as
far to thank you scooter and thank you
for delivering my husband safely alright
so if you guys have ever flown Delta
there's always this redhead with like
see the Redditt scooter actually met her
I want to show your photo hold on look
at that that is so that's like a pine
afraid there if I was like watching the
Delta instructions and then she's right
there
yes sir ladies gentlemen yours truly is
gonna live good morning everyone we are
in America we are back home and customs
wait
working here right parts of park right
here wait do we have to go back through
so you drop something
all right back in America and we're in
Atlanta then we're almost home and we
almost I think for the entire week we're
gonna be huge
right there ah shoot sad day scoot
someone be to buy a second that's just
give me I guess
hey hot stuff you wanna day
hello okay um before we set off you
always gonna crazy hold on late no no no
you are important Oh party game this ten
hours ago I was in another continent
I was on another continent and now
because of an airplane I'm here at
Starbucks you're at Starbucks in another
country town every single country okay
everything we go this is more important
what's up what's this open it
whoa whoa how did this happen
is this it's a first gen how'd you find
you find it now a viewer sent it a view
who said it there's no name on the
package I don't know oh my god
that is awesome it's never even been
like use that's cool awesome liking that
I think my and that's cool it's from the
UK whoever did it from the UK thank you
there was no name how do we know that's
so cool thank you anonymous British
person British put part to cut away the
V well what does Duncan say and the
carriage
park the car in the carriage or
something like that okay go for it say
that name oh my god oh I'm a terrible
mom I'm a terrible mom girls I'm sorry
oh boy oh boy get it going can't tow it
the South American version of you oh is
this is this yours that you guys
hi Megan I love your sweater turn around
and show everyone so funny we're walking
by and Melissa goes hey yeah I think
she's wearing Travis Jessica hi good we
were looking at this picture and Nicole
Smith and it's a it's a really pretty ad
but then we were looking at how funny it
looks it looks like it looks like hard
hand but it's super manly so there was
another person in the photo but they
cropped them out and it's like a man's
hand but it just looks funny together
something is what's wrong with this
picture the dilemma of a good pair of
running shoes I like the bright ones I
was like the bright ones that you run at
night no one's gonna hate you you know
that really cute
what is four bright colors there was
this woman running in my neighborhood in
black and I was like you're crazy
offensive running shoes are expensive I
mean I guess you I mean for how long
they have to last and like what they
have to support your foot but the gym
guy told me that you're supposed to
replace your running shoes every three
to four months yeah I know that's what
the lady at the shoe store told me I was
like yeah that's just so you can get
lots more money that's ridiculous I mean
I've had my shoes for too long but I
thought you're gonna say two years has
it been three years maybe oh my god oh
must keep walking keep walking oh it
smells so good I can't not I will not
hey yeah so just took enough Amazings
like 5:30 now I've slept for probably
four and a half hours I got the montage
video up mm a montage video and I just
completely passed out if you haven't
seen the montage video I'll put a link
in the video description I'll doing a
little thing at the end so you can check
it out cuz it's actually really cool
it's like video time traveling I'm past
1,000 days so I'm just making the
thumbnail for today's video
this dog has not left my foot she's just
been right next to me the whole time and
then Marley the house the the the alarm
went off and Marley got kind of scared
where I was sleeping in fire Marley
where's Marley huh
there's Marley hey you and Zoey's pillow
do we have a guest
we have a guest here too where is he
where's our surprise guest there is
they surprise guests Tatai hanging out
with the girls hanging out with all
bitches huh
I definitely love traveling and uh you
know being in with the Kings and playing
music for everybody but it's you know
every once in a while it's nice to just
come home and just relax and just just
enjoy the house in this beautiful
Florida weather and Ali actually here
Ali and Melissa are doing girls stuff
right now they're doing some errands
Allison why are you sleeping I'm gonna
go do some errands she said exactly like
that that's all girls talking my head
all right girls
we got a drip I believe this is from
Brazil's ready
you got a Brazilian teddy bear it has
eyes so you can take it off and then
Marley you can have this one you want
this one you can eat this one it's just
mommy it's mommy
you can eat Molly's yeah you want oh
she's balancing it's like a voodoo doll
I don't know like whether or not like it
Marley bit it if it like you did like it
was touch something ready oh okay
you can't eat that no you can't eat that
Mike Riley whop
she needs a toy herself Marley it's old
I know hey everyone
if you missed a montage video you can
click right here and check it out
if you didn't show up in your
subscription box or anything like that
oh yeah click right here you can see the
past 1000 days and a nice little nifty
little package I think it's like 9
minutes or something like that's pretty
awesome to see all the crazy things we
were able to do this past 1000 days and
you know just makes me really excited
for the next you know one thousand two
thousand five thousand twenty thousand
days how many how many years is 20
thousand days anyway click here check it
out I hope you guys like it and you can
relive all the awesome days that we've
had with you guys and the rest of the
CTFxC so enjoy the video
good night guys see you tomorrow
worse yet
which are tripping
you
