New York or Walmart and chick-fil-a
leather in your hair they like is oh my
god you know I'm gonna pass I'm gonna
I'm gonna pass on that looks good on
other people no I'm not gonna doesn't
look good on me
point me to the direction of the
hemorrhoid cream um I know I know we're
behind but we're actually it's pretty
funny we're actually trying okay a lot
of people have told me that it gets rid
of like like what is it like swelling
like bags or something yeah like some
woman I don't even read it so pointless
woman was like my secret of hemorrhoid
cream I smear all over my face is it
real straight you're lying that's
something you named a famous old Earl
it's something that moms love is Meryl
Streep so anyway so you know we're gonna
we're gonna try it out let's try it you
guys know I'm holding this from now on
because I never drop it I've never
dropped my camera I never had two
seconds later every time my camera has
ever broken when Charles has dropped it
so I literally am going to work in a way
because people are trying to get past I
move the bass gonna go here mom hold
doesn't you go smaller I didn't hear him
I heard it fall I don't know what the
hell it was and then I saw her and she's
like okay I'll film you okay it's a
young camera crew here found it uh-huh
Leah smeared all of our faces why don't
you undo it too oh no we're gonna do it
here we're gonna do it in this aisle I
wouldn't try it okay I'll do it all day
or whatever
the big one get that big one value sighs
I'm spearing the dogs doing you at all
yeah Zoe what are you doing in South
America Zoe you're supposed to be home
what are you doing here hi guys so we
can really run it's got a little wheat
the kings pick and everything it doesn't
want to pay attention to camera just
wants to chew hi what's your name dog
one dog two dogs three dogs where's the
other one oh there's more over there all
right guys we're gonna go golfing right
now we honestly should have been filming
that that was the funniest thing I've
ever seen what was it like when she was
trying to say do you need no no when she
was trying to say you need like a club
and she's like I need I don't know how
to say I need I need your body starts
singing what are you the balls dude is
the raine serving right here but is so
so friendly so her balls
right
your mine was six dollars and 19 cents
and I got three buckets so 200 yards it
was the worst form of ever seen if the
best form dude it's happy gilmore who
says you can't learn something from
movies uh-uh
and it's gone boom goes the dynamite why
do they even put a flag right there oh I
got a 20 feet I think it's for this mock
sand trap my elbow Jack's in this thing
they were so nice I will see if she can
say borrow she's doing we asked her to
say borrow and then she's like you
stated it and she said something in
Spanish and we're just like okay are you
dude just chillin
or lady just waiting looks almost like
the half life symbol we're just building
new bro don't mind us
you smell like mints well all I can I
mean too engrossed in the screen but my
notice and my ears are working still
somebody talking to me what dude this
game doesn't listen when I do my uber I
right-click and it deliver five seconds
Center I die this isn't grab like grab
life grab I'm filming the same thing is
here except from the other side of the
table drop it right in there I would
drop your cameras for me but are you
really drinking water though oh yeah
Diet Mountain Dew Oh gross some of them
have actually fallen off but this is now
my wrist in the past day it's kind of a
bummer this is gonna be our last day in
South America
it's kind of crazy how like Chile kind
of reminds me of Vegas and stuff so very
pretty well that's a it's a long fall
holy crap just got instant vertigo it's
so cool
it is unbelievable we're in Chile where
Argentina Sao Paulo Rio and everyone's
been so amazingly nice so so friendly so
helpful we went so many like cool people
on this trip and it's just I don't know
it's one of these
just thinking about the whole you know
how you guys there's no so much about us
and we're from this tiny little city I
don't know I keep rambling and saying
the same thing over and over you got it
we're just leaving now
time to go yeah but my guys you're
coming with us
Vegas doesn't work what that name does
it
alright sad day sad day everyone's going
their own ways time to go home you're
probably just that you didn't get food
right you just you put yo Dom that's
Yoda mom it's not sure I can see oh no
no that's receptio de no you said Shrek
is you're putting Diamond Jim Riley get
him Riley Jim I don't know what this
fighting tactic is called but it's it's
Marley is on one shoulder breakdancing
well zoey is fighting her go Marley go
camera just look at this face can you
just what a creeper why are you afraid
of her she's like half your size look at
how she's away
you're completely crooked you're so
weird what are you doing I was really
expecting a left hook but she didn't do
it
are you done fighting Oh what she you
man just why okay that's a good week and
a half or so old oh yeah okay I mean how
would I get there
this isn't grad like dammit alright
we're about to head to the airport right
now we have to start flying we have like
a layover like 10:00 p.m.
poor guy just like dropped all this food
you know we're leaving at 10:00 p.m. and
I'm gonna get home around like 8 or 9 or
10 or 11 or 12 I don't know when we get
home but we get home the following day I
wanted to say goodnight now even though
it's like we're really bright out just
because of the fact that the internet at
the airport's really really really
really sucks though I will see you guys
when we get home
hey all that I'll see you guys in a at
home and oh make sure at the end of this
video there's a Li thing goes la Lang
productions made a montage video of all
1000 days like that like a really quick
10 minute video showing the coolest
things the screenshots and clips from
the past 1000 days unbelievable but
unbelievably amazing so it's actually
posted on the CCF XD channel so if you
didn't see it you'll see a link at the
end this video or in the video
description
I'll make sure Ali you know does all
that so that way you can click it check
it out
and if you want to relive the past 1000
days really fast like in ten minutes
it's pretty cool I was watching and I'm
like dude I've got all the cool stuff
we've done so I just want to tell you
guys about that and yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow
play us out Jess alright so I'm gonna be
doing my edits now and going to sleep
soon Charles is coming home tomorrow I'm
really really really excited to see him
today was kind of a slow day for me but
actually today was kind of a slow day
and got new things done kind of slow
quiet evening for us here at the
speedrunni-- household that's it quietly
on my couch a cup of coffee and enjoy
the social standings of my my brother
I was away I was waiting playing with
somebody and they're gonna be asleep in
his bed I'm Shrek
definitely not Yoda Shrek
have you seen playing around little
classy we are who's having the
tutti-frutti
I am we flies a mantra get like free
access to the sky club it's like gold
look at this it's delicious
trying to FaceTime Allie hi guys I just
sent a photo of all of us you know
eating our foods and stuff like that all
Ali wrote is just like a bunch of snooty
bitches all the wine gourmet salad over
there Duncan you're doing that literally
just taking over the didn't actually
tell you what happened Travis's got
upgraded to first class on an
international flight literally just won
the lotto
the girl who gave it to you it was very
attractive and I was talking to her in
Spanish before I got in Danny hates that
I'm in person we're all gonna be like
snuggling next to Alberto not telling
Danny right when I go to the flight I
know the bed it was kind of like hard
and turning all night I'm super excited
for you returning home one piece to a
latitude South America we finally made
it and hopefully we'll come back soon
hey you know let's go home guys
hey Travis take
don't know what this is for yet still
have not figured it out the bread to put
the bread in
we're all scattered the best plates are
like liquid at least like close together
Yoshii through
so here's that awesome montage video I
was talking about guys you can click
right here check it out its first 1000
days of CTFxC it's actually really
awesome to watch and remember those days
and where I was and it's awesome so go
check it out you can click right here
click on the screen it should take you
right here I upload it on CTFxC this
channel if it doesn't show up in your
subscription box that's why I'm doing
this now if you're lazy like me just
click the video description and it
should I have a link so yeah go check it
out guys and here's to another thousand
billion kajillion days that we're gonna
have so enjoy the video
go relive the days and huh I'll see you
guys tomorrow it's time to fly home
alright guys good night
yes
with child tripping
Nellie
you
