you're done
what are you doing with your mouth silly
but where'd you with the service yeah I
got a I got a new one today okay
definitely in first place Duncan
everyone knows Duncan right so I go lay
down like a man gonna get a cappuccino
and I wish I'm like Duncan he's like
donkey I'm like yeah dunky dunky I'm
like okay yeah that works so it
literally says donkey and he's landed I
can pull it out and there's the reveal
oh boy look at that happy face just went
for a walk and now I'm going to stretch
with this lovely scenic view of my poo
I'm gonna stretch it out but I haven't
worked out in a really long time and I
am exhausted you are such a pooper you
stink
get off the bed you stinker come on I
know I just woke you up from your midday
nap to get a bath which is really spirit
thing yeah
Argentinian guitar center feel at home
there's a guitar shop and it dude look
at this guitar shop guitar shop guitar
center it's our shop
I like how I do that and then the bus
this goes conveniently in front of you
and Argentina's asleep but another one
right trumpet to the man I think so
because we could be a less than J Turner
the lesson Jake versus a real big fish
another one you can play
halli just to do a little
LittleBigPlanet a little theme song was
like it really is about having me
oh yeah I was saying it's like Argentina
assisant really it's interesting because
it's got this like New York feel like
the buildings yeah very European New
York I'm digging it
no blenders when there's that's like the
stomp positions that's where they go to
get the instruments so I don't know what
it is I think it just might be different
from Florida and maybe the fact that my
ethical stuff is boredom actually speaks
espanol but Danny I were just like
talking about like how its it seems a
little bit easier or just because we're
around and or something I don't know
we actually I say about 65% we disorder
this
we visited 65% of our order in Spanish
real nice coffee right
Lecce fantastic vanilla he said it's
venetie venetie he said Lecce right
because we have that dude we're rocking
it here this is awesome
ally proud proud I'm learning all I got
to do is basically drop me off in a
foreign country and maybe I'll learn I'm
doing better here than I did in Spain
that's cool
I said we found a pretty awesome square
nevermind us we're just the tourists I
have no idea where right now I think
it's this way I think we got lucky right
we have to go to sound check in 15 let's
get a good bag I think it might be this
way
oh I forgot to tell you guys speaking of
other languages speaking other languages
Isabel we met her she runs like the we
the kings Brazilian fanclub we met her
obviously stop Malo and in Rio and she's
gonna start doing Portuguese closed
captions is we have so many Portuguese
speaking people she's gonna start doing
closed captioning so I don't know if
it's on like right away it might be a
day day later or something but you'll
hit the CC down there and she's been
translating into Portuguese so thank you
now this is how you pull the clip out
right here push down on that I just took
my poison
if you hold it like this
push it like this little finger push
down and slide it
good job sister I pull it in oh hi you
came up a lot faster than he went away
he didn't go away very quick okay you
Shadow Ball in the name came up going
away away yeah whoa
you're not very nice to this man
we the Golden Girls that is awesome
hey Yosh so we got our urgent inna flag
now because we had a Brazilian one now
we need to get one for Chile we'll put
it up on the stage it's cool guitars and
everything gets stopped in costumes so
Travis has to use and then I actually
have to use Sean for piggyback sundaes
face it's different it's a jazz bass the
same thing but I just can't get it lower
so a little a little nervous about if
it's actually really cool I get to play
his face and stuff you know thank God
because like literally all our
instruments are stuck in customs right
now and we don't get him back though Wow
really with Chile you guys see something
pretty weird
look at this is the bathroom here you
know Sierra's fine any one of them okay
here's the bathroom
there's no toilet paper in these
bathrooms isn't that crazy
and then when you go over to the sink
there's no paper towels or so bare
minimum
and we stopped
show me what you got me twice sister
hey look it's us that's cool the world's
largest receipt feel like taking home
and framing it
I actually ordered this in Spanish so
I'm actually really proud of myself
there's our new production value being
panther and wily coyote it's going to
come down and it's just gonna be right
there
not really but that would be super
awesome
okay Mel
yep order tight into your shoulder yeah
pour it in tight
please do not damage target staple
targets as Louis and you blew the thing
right off there I'm like Applebee's
I'm like oh what the no they really
can't saw anything
this happened last time we were here
every time we're here it happened
what is it January yeah I can't say that
because it's wrong gonna like draw so
he's gonna freak out and not know which
is real or not
good luck
over there
all right Gina Hey
so yeah Wow Argentina this is crazy I
was I took a photo
okay in front of those billboards you
know saying taking back something with
the Kings it was all in Spanish and that
was like eight what's going on just
gonna vlogging over here and it just
kind of hit me that we were in like
another country I don't know like a
little by little I've been like
realizing it more and more but it was
when I saw all the posters with our name
on it in Spanish it was like one of
those cool little I don't know just like
hit me kind of things
Argentina you have a beautiful country
that's for sure the awesome hotels and
awesome Wi-Fi it's super fast maybe a
king's carriage up Danny's been freaking
out house I'm glad I have somebody else
that just freaks out when their video is
not online so now like when when like
I'm waiting to upload a video and it's
like scooter and everyone's like yelling
at me to go like five more minutes
now yeah we have a support system now so
when his is like that oh my god we're
both you know uploading so now we have
like we have a team now crush Cody say
goodnight to the internet hunter all
right guys I will see you tomorrow yeah
by the way thousand eight thousand one
hears thumbs up for a thousand one days
alright next stop chili and then chili
and Chili's will go to Chili's the
United States for going back home uh-uh
yeah all right yeah for the made a tour
so go check out the tour dates down
there and we'll see you in the States
can I guys and this is to my lovely wife
I love you and I miss you honey and I'll
see it a couple days along with a little
pig butt and Zoey
all right okay guys
worse yet sexy
with tertiary
you
