give me kissing Oh do it okay we're on
our way to go see our auntie I'm very
very excited we're gonna go get Melissa
and we're gonna go to the puppy Park for
day 1,000 I cannot believe that you guys
we have been blogging for a thousand
days of our life that is text message
that's insane
like I can't even believe that you guys
have stuck with us for so long I mean we
do I feel like I hope you guys never get
tired of hearing it cuz we never get
tired of saying it thank you so much for
watching for those of you who are just
joining us thanks for joining us for
those of you have been here since day
one that's insane and we love you guys
so so so much I mean you guys have been
a part of our lives for so long you've
seen our wedding you've seen so many
things and we hope that you'll be a part
of our lives for another thousand dates
I mean you know as long as you guys are
here watching
we'll be here making videos you're just
amazing you're an amazing audience
you're an amazing group of people you're
such cool viewers I mean it just blows
me away
to see so so many people saying such
nice things to us about us if we just
look we just love it we love you guys
and you know I hope that one day I will
get to meet each and every one of you it
would it's really my dream to be a
little to shake everyone's hand give
hugs you know say thank you in person
because it really means a lot to us to
have viewers like you guys you know to
be there every day
I love commenting back to you guys it's
so much fun you're such goofballs
it's just great you you guys you guys
are really truly awesome Zoe said she
loves you too do you love them - Zoe
helping mommy drive no you're not like
how many people do we even have here
like we try to do each one has like
three bags we have 26 bags total bitch
at airports freaking out that full see
that was pretty much really I need to
get a soccer jersey to this is we're
here let's get out of here I don't know
this guy oh man
it's this comparison shot right there do
you want to tell you like top forever
yeah let's we could divide something a
picture I mean Jenna's sandwich tuna
salad tuna salad sandwich
and some french fries
so guys you know today is no no no no
hey today's day 1,000 you're not gonna
ruin it not with your little secret word
man congratulate 1,000 days the truck a
thousand days yeah and we're flying to
Argentina to play in an entire different
country that's awesome I only wish how I
could be here if that becomes she needs
to be here but luckily she's filming so
it still counts it still counts all
right one thousand day one thousand Wow
that's it I was in bed that's it a
thousand I know it feels like forever
though honestly that's thousand days
this is crazy guys thumbs up for day
you know what we should do we should get
like hashtag CTFxC 1000 trending on
Twitter
that's what we should do everyone go to
Twitter I do hashtag CTFxC 1000 all one
word let's see if we can get it to trend
just spam the hell out of it and then
put at reply we the dance so that way he
gets a million in one our place if you
can't see anything let's do it guys we
could trend it CTFxC 1000
I'll have Ally put it in annotation so
they whatever that annotation says do it
right there we can do it guys so he's
like where's Tyson thank you I can't
believe it I was just talking with him
about it how crazy it is that it's in a
thousand freaking days I can't believe
that I remember when I started day one I
was like god this is only gonna be a
little while do the thousand a shuffle
let me see it do it let's go to the part
girls she's like wait what wait what
time are what are you doing I you're at
the park are you at a park
Zoey what are you doing are you at a
park they're like yeah this is good well
move around some more
I don't even bring them any toys I'm
such a bad mom Stacey come on come on
yes like I have to be the star I have to
be the queen you're ridiculous you know
that I hope you realize you're you're
just a princess I don't think anyone
knows that this is actually our flight
No
are you sure 100% hop until we turn
around that's terrible
that means no good worse colleague you
fart sorry it's like the stuff they put
me inside of a boat
a friend
machines
feel like we're so the kid with cheerio
I think Zoey is in heaven right now oh
man there goes the little one they're
literally both just absolutely spazzing
out look at Marley what a frickin weirdo
let's just get a y2 this let's just get
a Y to this if I can't even can't she's
moving around so much I can't even get
her in the frame yeah I don't know what
you psycho you want to stop doing that
oh you're destroying my lawn Marley hey
jerk this is so cool all of these people
are I just uploaded the video for today
well I guess yesterday and all these
people are commenting day one thousands
being filmed right now day 1000 and it's
just so awesome it's like the best day
ever you guys have been so cool on
Twitter and everything I just keep
getting all these out replies about it
day 1000 so I'm I'm really I'm really
pumped about it now I was already pumped
but you guys are making it way more
exciting can you guys leave that Moulton
alone it's ridiculous oh and for
everybody who thought that we were
torturing a mole it's not an active
whole I haven't ever seen them all out
here they it's from a long time ago this
whole has been in my yard forever and
they only just now found it so we're not
torturing animals don't worry I would
never let that happen
Oh Lord are you done making a giant hole
in my heart oh my god Zoe
so Argentina looking good Hey right
there those doors know we're stuck I
don't know what happened
we're basically second customs right now
I knew this is perfect thank you over
here I'll stop now
that's probably super freaking annoying
that looks like you're crazy bill right
$100,000 yeah that's you you know it
kind of looks like Bessie the Argentine
thing that would have it which is
awesome see it's like the greatest
football player it's so cool she did it
I guess these are the people that did it
right here
there's a lip ring no nose Jim Barris on
Amy hello princess princess glasses face
and that's why just here nice
yep you jealous guys fresh whipped cream
and strawberries that Jessie's in a
burger aren't they in the same insane
right shall rate eater but well you know
what we made we made one out of you
today Melissa these are so good I know
it was in my kitchen that's wonderful so
is this something that all Japanese kids
carry around in their car or is that
just you know yeah okay I wish but now
I've seen a lot of uh Asians doing the
same thing that's just the fad now I
just got four I don't when I went to
Colorado is it a lion head or like a cat
head of the bear I call it the man-cub
oh is that what you call it if he had a
pig snout he could be you know the
episode of South Park where Al Gore's
like there's manbearpig i'm super-cereal
you had a pig nose you could be
manbearpig it would be awesome I dunno
teach you how to do like the skipping
step from Wizard of Oz
you got to put your hands on your hips
Yuki like yeah okay there's four little
hops on each but you know yeah so he's
like okay videos
mr. e apart oh yeah Pizza Pizza I love
it
this is cool
well I know this song how do I know this
song
Ali do you listen Ally of course holy
crap guys look at this this is right
dude living in Argentina and where's the
salt but this wouldn't be a loft because
it's not a second floor but it's just a
giant snakeskin chairs like 3d wow this
is crazy
Argentina's killer Wow
alright so now what do we do let's go
let's go celebrate how long hey throw a
little bit better
this is pretty sweet oh oh my gosh could
have killed you I would go she'd be down
there I heard his boys could have killed
Adam watch your head alright oh that is
that's a mind f right there dude that is
a mind let's jump alright now that's
scary okay so Yuki wants to he's just
got the sudden urge to race my car like
run next to my car oh yeah
where might you like major like how fast
I'm going how fat all right let's do it
let's do it down this one remembering
your speed yeah well yeah yeah yeah so
I'm really between 15 or 20 or so yeah
okay
you are doing 20 you were going 20 first
second that was really fast dude that
was really fast no puppy right
hey ghetto you want to look at the
camera alright somebody in Argentina
Buenos Aires you need to adopt this dog
please take care of this dog
all right in front of this restaurant
somebody please rescue this dog you
gonna rescue him
no no rescue me Oh rescue if I could
give you through customs I totally would
dude
so Marley would love you you got a buddy
there so okay go yeah never try I'm not
very good at it really that's four bad
days what are you wanting to do a bad
place a dare face okay
wait look at this look at this dirt pace
wait hold on I kind of do I got to do it
better this is a good one right wait how
are you doing that that's amazing that's
such a good one
this is so weird I love you pay
1000 you are being eaten your teeth look
super white
I know I look like oh my god I look so
good right now you guys know good other
cracks so good right now
douche Charlie over here
you're polyb charlie be wait that's
light you can actually control the light
and no Bend what does this mean did you
mention wait what if you were in the
elevator bigoted it's high news goes I
just farted
Dave 1002 a nap it was a like two and a
half years yeah I just want to say thank
you guys so much for sticking with us
for all these days and just to think
about like you know this kind of crazy
thing but right and the beginning of the
videos the vlogs and stuff like that
you'll be like there was like lip
singing videos of me singing Taking Back
Sunday and now I'm on tour with big mix
of it so that's that's one of those
things where it's just like you know you
never know where life is can take you
and I just want to show you guys stay
positive and just do whatever makes you
happy
bottom line just do whatever makes you
happy
and you know if you're happy things
things happen you know I mean the only
downside is that alley is Enzo Ian
Marley are not here to celebrate date
1,000 living but you could news these
I'll be home in a couple days and you
know we get we obviously she's filming
and stuff like that but I have my little
Hallie doll so that's a good thing
I'll see you guys tomorrow and let's see
if we can get hash tag CTFxC 1000
trending on twitter that would be
actually really phenomenal so I'll see
you guys tomorrow there's a little villa
good night guys 1000 we did
where's the yes
giddy with child tripping
we're
we don't forget go
