oh there it is there it is there it is
tell me but tell me but I'll sneeze at
me you little brat face come whining my
darling
good morning oh the stretches Oh with
the stretches
come on our crazy it's breakfast time
mmm then drink some delicious hot
chocolate and I have a hang of fresh
whipped cream that I just made last
night with dot first strawberries on top
told you I was gonna make you watch me
eat stuff all right so right the not
even the top yet I think something's on
fire so we're on our way
Travis how do you say it again but this
pedesta grace the redeemer and they all
Jesus we hope from this road I don't
know about this is I can show ya
a couple
there's been a trapeze act early now
you're gonna
we're gettin stones carsick right now
you guys throw back at the warfare
survival
so I had some leftover cookie dough and
I decided that what better thing to do
than to try to make a giant cookie so
you know what that's what I'm doing
grow big and strong my little one
look it's my friend Peter Rabbit i Peter
Rabbit here's a kissing me
he's cute holy crap
jeez we're high alright last few steps
is leave Mila is leave me here I'm gonna
check out as gorgeous there it is guys
wait it's not that big you know what I
will do with you guys no fuck you up in
my keeo box
I'm feeling very evil today well maybe
just kidding that was pretty funny I
don't think I don't think evil I
squeezed a problem Lucky's just kidding
thought this was it it's like the steps
that lead you up to that like are you
really my brain doesn't work we're gonna
go see the real Jesus right now once oh
hi look at this Wow
yeah there is big oh Jesus
is it like hollow like the Statue of
Liberty or Zyzz it looks like Pierce
stone - doing there buddy
can't get Sun to go away there you go I
built this back in 89 when was it made
actually there it is guys that's a good
shot right there fill the people yeah
everyone else is doing over there oh she
just did it
have you liked one of those things you
just keep going and going and going like
a Simpsons joke where just goes forever
how high are we I don't believe do you
know she didn't build this you're a liar
you guys it's christ the redeemer but we
play low style not to dinner with my
parents my dad goes you should totally
go up to that and do a fake christ the
redeemer just like charles okay so ready
I'm gonna do just like bad I feel like
it's huge come right here
I don't like it's try it
it's kind of like getting it about right
cool
it is so Kurt is so hot I could feel
heat coming through the soles of my
shooters right now literally my feet are
burning they're melting I can feel it
really I could feel it right now I'm
just curious on like how many family
photos were like just in the background
going like doing like a dirt face like
that dudes taking photos with an iPad
I've never seen that I've never seen
before that's crazy
oh look at that there's another Kindle
there's a Kindle taking photos I do
that's kind of crazy well for everyone
interested
19:31 want to read it you can pause the
screen right now you can read it and
that's what it looked like being built
in the 30s just imagine lugging it up
all over like all the way up this hill
okay my dad pointed out that there's a
bell up there but there's only a little
one in that cage it's not actually the
big one but there's a string here to
ring it I told my dad not to ring it and
he wants to do it more than anything now
that is good
what are your five for 55 and still do
the opposite of whatever someone says to
you if you're a dude is that not true
my dad is attesting to that right now
sorry guys I think I think women are
kind of a-holes too we have a tendency
to do it we're not supposed add do not
go do that I know what you're doing
do it do it was then I'm just gonna
explain to them that he's on pink sari
he's on painkillers out to dinner with
the Padres and we my mom is my mom's
having a hard time here with this whole
thing is the size of your head hold it
up to your face regulators yes who's
driving homes on the rugs yeah you're
doing good
this is my mom instead of looking this
up - Oh show them your tactic for
getting all the soft upper rim of the
margarita
go do it
the mother of God the most interesting
man in the world is in the booth of that
you know the Dos Equis guy like I'm
gonna zoom in on it I'm pretending like
I'm filming my parents but I'm totally
gonna zoom in on this guy let's kind of
look at him you guys that is him you
guys come on mom you're ruining my foot
100%
I don't normally came here but what I do
I dig those thank you okay this is Bruna
its presume Marley I hope you guys are
having a lot of fun you know seeing I
basically seen Brazil we go to Chile is
every sailor Chile Chile Chile look
we're going to Chili's tomorrow and then
wendice Aires which is gonna be day 1000
1000 days of consecutive vlogging is
going to happen what in like two or
three days to me it's insane to think
about thousand but we were starting with
we started I'm in Tampa Florida what
sucks about the day 1,000 cent you know
Holly's not here she would have
absolutely loved this I mean look at
this you know Ally she's a little beach
girl but I was just thinking about it
like you know like we started these
almost a thousand days I'll probably
have the same exact speech had a couple
days but like we start in Tampa Florida
and our little leaving we had a little
apartment that awesome apartment thought
we really liked it we started these
little crazy little things for the vlogs
and now I'm sitting on a beach 15,000
miles from where we started playing in a
band in South America it's unbelievably
getting to share it like CTFxC has grown
so I you know what I'm gonna save this
speech but yeah it does suck you know
being away from Ally
Zoey and Marley I know they would love
this but the good news is you know
Ally's you know I'm filming her day I'm
feeling like you know load up the vlogs
and you guys get to see what we do but I
get to see what she gets to do she gets
to see what we're doing and huh it makes
the world seem really small which is
you know he'd be a little face time and
things like that but yeah just wanna say
hi
we actually had some downtime today cuz
we've been running so much but uh you
guys having fun so far
I mean get ready cuz 2012 is going to be
insane it's going to be a lot of
traveling Aly is coming with us
on some parts to Europe and she's going
to Thailand with Lindsay so that should
be fun oh that's the other thing is
saying hi to everyone I did not know
this many Brazilians watched CTFxC and
it's so cool I can't wait to go to more
countries and stuff and say hi to you
guys because you guys have been
unbelievably supportive and nice and
welcoming like it's it's awesome and you
guys speak English better than I speak
English so that's a cool shot
there you are you going I'll be back
Yoshi getting help over there this is
what grown-ass man do go on the beach on
the beach oh they sent the helicopter
good it works so hard world's ugliest
lady
stop can you get out I decided to try on
glasses at the drugstore okay my dad
with the top part yeah there's something
weird going on above the bridge of my
nose I don't really know it's kinda it's
gonna where do I look really good I
could just buy fake glasses and wear
them around so that I feel smarter I
think I could do a pretty good sarah
palin guys what do you think I'm on
maverick Joshi could you do that
double you should really ever be really
thinking it was just like you say like
sir cast again I was like yeah no Duncan
that's Tony Hawk
this is freaking sick it's like Venice
who's this shaly amusement yeah yeah
this is this is Charlie hey
I mean if showers pick up the bill
that's cold man
Shawn
where's Amy at sex
with trippy
you
