whenever I edit there's a Zoe but right
next to me please really but this is
happening who's happening this is
happening get your system are get her I
know you're gonna get I know what you're
gonna do and there we go
every time Marly every time yeah I know
you really well alright heading to Rio I
was going yeah well this doesn't look
anything like Tampa this is a busy one
can it does look like a train station
there's Adam
serenading everyone I want to see
somebody give some money
chug-chug-chug it's gotta be some time
where do the wise sup Chris it's very
cute it's very cute lies
we almost dismiss their flight that
changed the gate the last second we
don't speak Portuguese yes and a few
people look like they're going late what
follows for the adventure all right Dana
get like lost nicotine even a reprint
this is what they gave them this is my
boarding pass away my taking what I
asked you to refurnish gave you this and
it actually worked
okay
reowww go Eddie all right see you guys
in show
you're fired
you help him with the merch you helping
mommy and grandma was emerge no sickos
fos up for me is that for me
okay that's my friend I don't know if
you can see him but there's a woodpecker
right up there he's right there
can you guys see that that is a huge
huge fish so I came outside to film
these fishing these Turtles there's also
a woodpecker in the tree right there and
as soon as I got my camera they all went
away they were all right here and now
they're all gone
those jerks so Paul Walker Vin Diesel
they live there yeah that's fine now
what yes
now it's so fun
which yeah chores Mountain Georgia it's
done there's the beach so many people so
many people
okay I'm using that crazy hey sorry we
just get to the you guys found is that
this hotel - so I have to say this this
tour is turning up for me it's so much
fun
I only wish Ally could have been here
week she got our passport late because
she changed her name to trippy we
couldn't get it that's why she didn't
make it but she's gonna be Europe just
dumb to Europe so I'll be good I think
we have to sound check so I'm gonna take
it as a present
you're such tourists wasn't amazing what
make sure you get a picture this Plus
this looks pretty yes you plan it get up
on that they always find it hey dougie I
don't know how they do this you guys
you stopped American guys
it's the funniest part oh hi Hey
the funniest part like I get said the
other vlog is that we usually know we
are almost 100 percent don't know where
we're saying yet every time we get there
you guys ah this is like to see those
seats look at this alright gqc good
that's just to speak this goes swimming
in here all right Shelby where you wash
your hands
yeah that's not the thing I think that
might be either of the day for washing
your but wait demonstrate how you wash
your hands yes study
everybody jump it's a total schooling
okay Cosima like hands hands up this is
a long one but it's very similar to
Spanish so up so it's meant to be your
kiddos
the other thing that really rich McMahon
carolandthomas dance and oh no community
and it's everybody dance crazy
give it up Raziel alright no I want to
see it
Simar some of your cooking making food
my mom's a panicking watching this is
the second second championship game of
the day
oooo who do you want to win I don't
really care you don't want it well you
don't want the Giants do you 31 the gems
can win all right I don't really care
the Pats one earlier which was crazy
that that was an intense game oh and my
mom knows way too much about football
okay my hair's looking extra red today I
think it was the Sun you know it does
something to it
super wait are you sure boy am I talking
about weird voice you know I'll get
recognized you you know I think I him
cuz I'm on the garment shit and I like
do the snowboarding and stuff what do
you think like would be up hot what is
this this like red or what is this what
do you guys think I should do this grow
my hair long diet brick orange
fluorescent I'm now lovely as dress
we've been including Charles a little
too much I want to be just like you
Travis first of all bag check it's ready
ready you don't own this sort of a red
mustache
I think we would freak a lot of people I
know I'm wondering do I get worried
well now you try that one so you don't
worry I feel like red stuck in your
beard all right
I feel like if you do this there might
be too much red in the world and just
when you're doing there's smoke back in
here I don't think you guys got the seed
but a scoop went to try to pull Travis's
pants down
because it was so foggy yes yeah it's
way too you could do Hollywood like Katy
Perry okay thank you to whoever sent
that to us or threw that on stage I got
love the entire band the entire do it
check it out Rio it's insane like the
the beach completely packed during the
day it's barren nothing super lost our
so angry
and then made that boy look he's hat
though he's angry and every one of them
Hey
okay so I'm done for the night
yep I'm done for the day doing merch and
this is this is what's out here she had
her head put your head under there she
had her head under that she did that she
did that herself Oh
today has been just a March day for me I
know it's been I have done literally
like nothing for this long I'm so sorry
I would have loved to have participated
today a little bit more but we just were
working our butts off well this little
brat slept and all the hoodie so we've
got a lot of clips from Charles though
so that was really really good and I'm
hoping that tomorrow I'm gonna have a
little bit more to film but today I just
really wanted to bust ass on the hoodie
like what am i showing them oh yeah you
guys want to see the the field like this
was like my field of merch it's
ridiculous that's that's how much we got
done today which is a lot so we're
working position ready go for it right
then go for us right
all right everyone I'm gonna work on my
editing and I will see you all tomorrow
thanks for watching we love you and have
a good night bye
psst
with child tripping
be an ally don't forget
