homemade cookies for breakfast I think
so good hello friends today I'm going to
be repotting some plants which I know
it's just the most exciting thing you've
ever heard in your life but these are
really pretty plants that char got me
awhile ago and they're actually living
it wasn't just like a bouquet of flowers
that died I'm sorry excuse me I'm
filming here anyway ignoring Marley I'm
just I'm gonna keep talking you guys I
guarantee you should gonna start making
noise she gets so angry when she gets
really really mad when I do she gets
really mad when I'm talking to someone
other than her yeah okay walk away
Oh so where's my mom mom I can't babe
you look so pretty
it's beautiful your eyes look super
super blue actually did I know they're
green they look blue turn around I see
your hair oh my hair I feel like these
vlogs have just turned into super girly
time and everybody's like oh my god I
just want to see Charles in Brazil oh
well he does his makeup and girl stuff
you look pretty and make cookie oh yeah
cookie is anybody down for some but
we're actually gonna try another recipe
of cookies today
cuz why not oh that wasn't that Danny
and I just got done doing the gym and I
was like where's my camera
I was talking to Holly I'm facetiming uh
left you guys right here right here in
Sao Paulo
left you freak elleven there's a rain
forest in South America right and this
is Julia and you're gonna bout to see a
clip from her backyard she was going to
take all of us to her back but we didn't
have time because the interviews but she
has monkeys monkeys in her backyard like
you know like we have like armadillos or
rabbits or even raccoons raccoons
she has monkeys right there so okay this
is this is from her backyard check this
out
hang on what I mean
I keep looking up until all these like
like trees and powerlines thinking like
hoping to see a monkey
I just like oh it's a monkey and I mean
like because they're like raccoons I'm
not like records that I'm exaggerating
squirrels
yeah they're like squirrels so it'd be
like oh there's a squirrel know if
that's a monkey get grandma get grandma
loved it
shake shake for the camera good girl
that was very nice good shake I was
covering up the microphone all right
whatever gasps oh my god this is growing
look at the moss the moss is growing
stuff whoa that's pretty good I think
not too close together gardener yeah she
just wants to eat something she can eat
this crikey
if you come in here you can find one of
the world's most bizarre dogs on the
planet all she does is right all around
your own pee I don't understand it let's
go take a look what you doing there
Allie
repotting my African by on it and it
looks great
why is it called an African violet does
anybody know is it from Africa or what's
the reasoning behind that because I'm
not sure all right I've got my arsenal
looking good we saved them yeah hey I
was so nervous they're all gonna die
yeah bacon strips bacon strips bacon sir
I just learned about an interesting
stone that they used on finally bpp do
its these to make streets your turn
Bingham William comma it's a name of a
city here and well that was real yeah
okay I thought you're just making up
words what's the name of the stone TV do
you know you have to do it everyone all
right that just means you guys the big
stick
I stole a traffic camera decided to film
for myself major but I see
Oh
no shame just get up there right front
and personal like trunk camera you're
learning here you're learning right now
everyone think Travis on that one I need
a camera that I could just talk to me
into the world what I see real Brazil on
the wild beast me Amazon he's drunk as
hell looking
okay I'm editing right now and this is
insane this clip is going to be out of
order but I just have to explain to you
something so ridiculous this is the
second day in a row that hunter and I
have said the same things and they have
fallen into place in the videos on the
same day this is this is getting really
weird and I have not seen these clips
like I've just downloaded these clips so
I haven't seen these yet so I don't know
anything about what happens I mean like
this is so bizarre this is the second
time in a row that this has happened we
did the Fat City thing and now we both
did the Steve Irwin thing like this is
really really key I don't know what's
going on we're mentally linked I guess I
don't know hunter stop being in my brain
I feel like we set it up away too much
but okay so Danny just wrote a tongue
twister we were talking to a lot of
people about tongue twisters Danny just
wrote this I'll do a close-up in a
second I feel like this is better than
the six six sheep I can't even do it
okay
royal Rory rewrites watch reruns real
Rory Rory writes blog over at what wow
wait hold on just do this second one
your ego you don't have to do the
fanfare the second that's that the
better one is I think a real Rory right
boy oh really oh really oh girl
Rory writes raw war Wow
dude you nailed it that second when I
realize I think I invented a tongue
twister okay okay let me keep poeple to
do a close-up all right real rural Rory
rewrites raw war want okay guys make
video responses and posters of Dani and
see if you can do this good luck
I would like to color to try my tongue
twister now real World War II rewrite
draw war rewarding yeah
so happy white punch what you know
punches back do it okay you can do it
honey
Rory
this is a nightmare then well baby you
can do it okay
whatever mustache be right through our
warnings oh she could she nailed it
you're playing it up miss mustachio
actually looks really pretty it's crazy
it's gonna be a good show
sweet
and there's Yoshi how's the cool venue
ah the glories of the merch room this is
this is the hub this is the Central
Intelligence right all the magic it's
like it's so crazy we're so close we're
trying really really hard we're catching
up we're getting there work well I think
we're gonna be done yep please guys
we're almost done I know it's taking
forever for some of you guys and I'm
really really sorry and no it sucks to
have to wait but we promise we're
working on your orders we are we are
we're getting there we still have a lot
but we're working really hard this
weekend and they should be done yeah so
I think we're gonna be done hopefully by
the end of this week we're gonna be
caught up fingers crossed but that's
that's gonna happen
do you girls want to go for a car I do
you wanna go see grandpa do you want to
go see kidney stone grandpa I bet that I
feel like my dad will probably feel
better if he had the dogs to accompany
him you know people actually say that um
that if you're with a dog or some kind
of animal any animal but especially dogs
people say that it's some kind of it
just it just releases endorphins like it
makes you feel better now really stress
and pain and there have been so many
studies about how people live longer if
they have pets that they're like you
know they see regularly and interact
with regularly so maybe we'll go help
Dennis out you wanna go see grandpa OSE
grandpa okay it's always like um yeah
I'm ready to go what saw like something
like once there's something on my lens
great
right there look at this it looks so
good
goes the weasel
what's Luigi oka mean Tasers like ready
look at this posse of lovely CDs oh
that's me I'm Lisa not really
so I drop the dogs off at my dad's house
and they're giving love and attention
and we're going out to eat
excuse me ma'am I was everyone was like
I saw the Ryan Gosling thing in John's
blog first if I guess she uploaded
earlier than I did or we had the same
little clip in our blog yeah oh boy oh
boy oh and hello back there were you
making faces behind me nice okay
sometimes when I film and people are be
happy they're like
all right so the puppies are with
Grandma and Grandpa and you know what
I'm baking some more cookies why not and
this is crazy I've never been in this
Publix it is the brand-new massive
public to store entire set a two-story
oh let's do this oh my gosh you guys
these are my very very very favorite
flowers daffodils except you're they're
like baby ones I've never seen ones
that's all cheers boys
South America cheers guys okay two
things Brazil you're amazing this the
show is the imitation what the other
shows are gonna be like here in South
America we are really really excited and
- I just want to show you guys this
that's basically an all-day meeting - I
can't believe the tally can't bleep this
up a little kids your muffs
okay everyone who's under the thing
these parents look at that all new
meaning just shitting on my heart ready
oh I see this okay it's just one of
those you know paper things that you put
on the toilet oh look at this it's the
shape of a heart
all right so we keep coming back but
seriously guys I can remember high
school high school right dude is no pong
on a house rock
first of all right dude scoop we got on
the rafters with the lights right there
so you can hear every so you just go
right up there yeah we swapped it up
we're doing we're not supposed to but
it's worth it I'm gonna apologize ahead
of time guys it's gonna be a lot of
taking back sunday on this tour just
because we're really pumped about it so
I gotta go yeah ah your face he's on our
side he's on our side
okay I will give you nothing now I wanna
high-five you without that in your hand
there we go
do not do that at home she's being bad
party guys well we have to start packing
right now it is really late
we're leaving Sao Paolo tomorrow morning
to go to Rio we're gonna be real how
many these three or four days one thing
I really want to film is the what is it
forget you forgiving Christ a Christ
through Christ the Redeemer oh yeah
Jesus Jesus I just wanna say thank you
to everybody all the Cree like craziness
that's happened everyone who said hi has
helped us Sylvio Julia Vicky Karen
Luciano I said the guy was the Ches them
taste himself
stop all has been awesome you guys have
been amazingly supportive they helped us
out because I honestly thought that we
would have like a really huge language
barrier and your English is better than
my
I know a lot of you guys know that's
true
I just found out actually you know
Dennis went to the hospital so I want
everyone to make sure to add reply
Lauren and Allie and who are the
comments or whatever you don't have
their Twitter telling Dennis to get back
you know be healthy because you know we
don't want anything like that and he's
doing good
there's nothing bad he's doing good so
you know gonna guys look out for family
so I will see you guys later
love you honey I'll see you on FaceTime
right now hello got geniu oh you have
your little cupcake apron oh hey Zoe Oh
Zoe alright everyone so it's time for me
to go and start editing it's now really
really late and the girls were at my
house I kind of got a really late start
on editing but thank you guys again so
much for watching today if you haven't
already make sure you subscribe stay
tuned tomorrow to see what offenders
will go on next I think Charles is gonna
be in Rio maybe tomorrow
so he's going somewhere to another city
in Brazil and I think he's going to
Argentina and maybe Chile so it's really
really exciting I am loving watching his
clips cuz it's so amazing to see all
that stuff I've never been to South
America before and it looks so so cool
everything someone pointed out that it's
like one of the most colorful countries
they've ever seen it's really true
everything looks like Technicolor like
dream crazy like it's just crazy so
hopefully one day I get to go with
Charles but that's it for today
we'll see you guys tomorrow thank you
guys so much for watching today
yes
without trippin
a theory
