hey guys good morning
two things got the new camera back and I
just seek my score of my running I don't
remember what the time was but yesterday
what does it have yesterday I need to be
my old time though and I'm not sweating
it's actually playing right now as you
saw earlier so I think I was like 8:30
or something like that so one more
minute and then I'll I'll be my all-time
record although I got to say running in
the rain is actually pretty nice makes
you look like you're working out harder
than you actually are
yeah man I just run 14 miles right now
no big deal finish it in like nine
minutes what's the average 440 miles I
just missed the trials driving like a
bat out of hell
how would a badly tell suspect that
doesn't mean that they like to be in
Hell I mean I feel like I'm making a
valid point there I feel like this is
what I asked how those idioms I think
because we asked asked about it like
Lizzie's all they could give tours now
they don't like it we get divorced you
ever like a good good fellow
yeah definitely don't lick them guys
never look a gift horse don't realize
how many of those I actually used and
now I say all the time through I have to
pee like a racehorse I say that all the
time mr. ball mode there's like dude
look at that is there like a certain
point in your life when just everything
not
I don't think everything changes but
honestly everything changes from what to
wear what you say how you act in front
of other people
mom jeans are ugly sweater I love
letters and I love laundries and I've
loved them for way longer than you would
explode beauty to transition for you yes
and then I have to start wearing Dockers
and khaki short he makes me terrified
this is why I don't like driving with
him the first day checking the peel box
as we've opened it I forgot where it was
five five nine six one we got our first
letter ok key you take those and you
have to go to the cabinet thingy
exciting I get our feel box open again
Oh big kitty I'm amazed at the fact that
it's sunny and beautiful right now
anyway horrendous
earlier that's such an old lean wood I
love Miranda
golly gee welcome to the CTFxC channel 9
news today for your weather in Florida
it looks like there's going to be at
original downpour then five minutes
later Sun is out gun throughout let's go
how was it is not one thing that I
haven't done on the blog because I said
that once and then once or we will chart
never too bad I feel like you've never
done that on the blog actually you know
what I have I'm trying to think of
something that I haven't done
zero-g planes I haven't done those how
many layers can you guys say that's one
thing I do want to do so zero g plane
that would be on or Virgin Galactic you
know it's only $250,000 change this to a
Kickstarter so would that be a
half-million dollars for you aye vote
yeah man I mean I was looking to say so
I gotta cons in this whole like getting
on a plane bank first yesterday I said
we were trying to find a map and
somebody actually suggested going to a
Barnes & Noble which is funny because I
didn't know those existed anymore
be a place to find one it would sure do
you have taco me taco me out
we're heading to me do we want to get
like a real big one that we can put on
the RV we can just map it all out I
don't know whether that's good point
there in the United States so this is
what a analog GPS looks like I remember
my mom trying to like I'm doing a news
leaking car I was perfect is exactly
when that's isil's effect just
recreating the 90s and 80s and 70s in
every other decade other than now you
know how to read them up yeah our bed
we're going to take the 55 to the 155
and then 674 into 380 and that takes us
through Iowa now I remember like the
hassles I want my dad's like I wish to
work sure we go on my mom's going like
this like really I know this is what
this is my mom try to figure out a math
question and this is something I'm
actually super to decide they still
teach kids in school how to breathe in
actual mouth not something online but
fit in an actual physical map you know
cute little like I feel like getting rid
of like certain masks like in school
they're like you're not required to
think I think there's certain things
that they're changing with academics now
when it comes to like elementary school
middle school and closer your heart is
trying to find out where you are GPSS
little blue dots as you're right here
idiot here would be like okay we are
Perry Florida actually what quadrant are
we
we're in n20 on the map normal Dunning
so guys if you haven't figured out today
we are going to start drawing out our
path or a potential path for our road
trip in just a few days I feel like most
of it's gonna be winging it like we
always we are going to be winning a lot
of it but there are certain places that
we want to hit and when it comes to
campground you can't really wing too
much yes yes screw that easy I know sir
none no I said no Sarah no I don't need
it sir
hey I said no I'm good I'm good I've
never built like I'm going to a size
group
map it out so we got our mat and we're
going to try to figure out how to map it
out Oh first things first we are here
with market order okay so apparently and
st. Petersburg we have three places that
we know we want to go to off the top of
my head Grand Canyon Yosemite so San
Marcos data wherever that would be we
are miss Kennedy we know that we're
going to go to Colorado the Great Sand
Dunes Central Park hi so we're one
yes yes actually I'm sorry what we're
going to do is I think we're going to
figure out like the next word I come
around because it looks like right here
we can go like this and you not always
out aware no regular Twitter isn't gonna
see it away ever again another great I
Canada Oh big meteor crater something
ever wanted wait Oh Grand Canyon duh
okay big meteor crater is in Arizona
just north of Phoenix
to the left of Winslow Roswell legend I
cool found it this is fun enchanted
Highway that's our target earth like we
have use it and then go around
I'll see you Montana Michigan leather
good talk
all right now there's a Great Salt Lake
which is variable that yells oh hang on
just give me to business there it is the
grand coven National Pope is wearing
fall yellow sting and that seems to be
pretty amazing as well so we're doing a
live show if you've got a CTFxC live.com
now on we're probably going to be doing
live shows on the trip but right now
we're asking everybody to help us with
this because great you got that we don't
have it the other day I got this stuff
basically back line I solved for like a
dollar at what I don't worry t.j.maxx
something like that it was like I'm
explaining stuff you know they always
have to those toys and stuff so I saw
that it's all naturally just using one I
bought this many of them so now we're
going to try to make a slime bag not
really sure how it's going to turn out
or if I'm going to do it right there's
the same time I'm going to try
reveals a grain-free brain so I took the
dog for a nice little walk so that way
this can congeal a little bit more
that's congealing do you want some that
check out but quite possibly the dumbest
thing I've ever seen to actually never
my big event definitely seems ever call
you out you gotta lose it and it just
goes away put more water in it
morning Phil to top I think so Carl I
think I'm on this one one pack not 20
well it doesn't clog the drains I did
make sure I read that I want to get in
we have a kid I'm totally gonna get this
stuff you know I think it's just liquid
so I think it'll go down that just with
you well yeah my happy spot here you're
taking away my nose I want a glass of
wine listen to some chill music put on
the face enough then oh I'm gonna be now
got to do it for the vlog I'm on Twitter
one I'm gonna watch you two get along
skin is frickin tough you are bad I'm
going to leave that you realize that's
where that happens right take it up oh
yeah we'll be careful
oh that's disgusting person
you look like you're sure it's not you
can't see now can you oh my gosh
accurate food - here let me get you
something loose hang tight are you so
full that ideas this is so disgusting
no it's kind of cool at the same time
will you jump in a pod in the pool
around you this weekend I can't say that
I'm in a long time for the algae it was
worth honestly looking at it it's pretty
disgusting dripping from your chin this
is just the weirdest thing I've ever
filmed
I mean this is weird it's a I don't know
what to say
all right now the fun process taken here
CLO doing stuff like this I know it
seems stupid and childish but like if
you remember all these videos from back
in the day
3000 days you know this stuff any time
I've ever found anything weird
I just balls the wall Buick although I
feel like this is one of the weirdest
one genuinely a filament hairs to soften
actually battle Ali and I teamed up we
got some barbecued chicken
southern style potato salad sweet
potatoes or what's called potatoes wait
am I saying some taters hope you enjoyed
today's video I will see you as tomorrow
Zoe
have a good night bye
you
