didn't I promise to start off every vlog
with a Zowie but good morning good
morning morning if they gorgeous day
good morning everybody I just went and
talked to my insurance lady got all that
stuff sorted out that's funny I meant to
ask I wonder if anybody has ever gone
into an insurance agency purchased car
insurance and then crashed bleeding in
the parking lot like just just bumper
bumper wrecked someone my dad actually
has a story he was at the DMV when he
got his license his very first time he
remembers there was this girl
- car she was with a driving instructor
she went to back out of it
hey guys swings what I really
that's a burger crazy so all of a sudden
I just got the urge to go to Fat City
I'm gonna make some Nestle Tollhouse
cookies because why not I'll share what
was fun
Isabelle way to go on the website the
kings.com WR BR and uh it's like for the
Kings character yesterday and Ali made
the thumbnail of Danny with the purse so
that was all just like man purse that he
wears around it's really weird that loot
them who day later okay
so apparently they found us here again
you guys know her schedule better than
we know our schedule you guys know that
hi ru it's cool so that our van is that
what we're getting in that's we're
getting in hey hey hey are you staying
in a band right oh yeah baby it's Toll
House cookie time I'm so excited I love
cookies she knows where it's at she's
like I'm gonna stand right here and wait
until they're ready go ahead cook go for
it oh yeah
this is my heaven guys I'm just gonna
make you watch me bake cookies and then
you can't have any more haha just
kidding that's so mean I really wish I
could bake cookies for all of you guys
I'll be amazing wait how you say free
free chocolate free can't we're trying
to have a lease a free chocolate candy
they ever officially lost their minds
I'm gonna go back to baking now what's
up yeah we came all the way to in
America we went across a south and
equator to come to American Apparel all
right it's supposed to be trendy or it's
so how do you know American Apparel some
good prices they're so much a shirt is
40 bucks
Wow which ones so I'm gonna get new
drumming shorts hey Lynette
okay let's see what the who's a better
trash
it's doing now making a freakin cookies
I hate using two spoons only cuz it just
yeah I don't think so sweetheart
so is it let me see those hands oh
really help you with that if you want
now Charles doesn't eat all Charles
isn't here to get it in my hair oh you
want me to do that for you it's slightly
more peaceful cooking although it isn't
as fun should i smash it in your head
okay thank you
blue that it's like a river rapid across
the river in canvas shoes there came
back so I can take a photo I trying to
get our earlier booms de mustache you
all
yes
it's a mousetrap just clock there's a
coolest clock I've ever seen so I'm
doing ready to go over to Joseon Hanna's
and I'm going to watch a screening whoa
hello I'm gonna watch a screening of
Jeff's movie finished finally so I'm
really really excited I have not seen it
the whole way through yet I've only seen
parts and it's gonna be so good I just
can't wait so she entered it into the
Film Festival and we're gonna see how it
goes
super stoked about that and then I'm
gonna work on some rich so this is my
fun time for right now ah same in all
languages
Travis keeps doing the okay sign while
we're here
yeah I really admire Ryan Gosling I
think he's a freaking amazing actor like
my dream is to direct him in a movie I
make I'm a filmmaker and like I just
think it'd be such a cool experience to
work with him and there's a rumor but I
think it's true then he's in Sarasota
right now so he's like probably within a
10-mile radius of me and I don't know
where he is and so I'm coming with a
plan right now I just shot a movie with
Jesse and Alison in it and I have you
here and I want to see him and I don't
know II feel like it's a good million of
these things but if you like wash my
movie and I want to ask him oh my god if
you watch the movie I want to ask him to
be in an independent movie that I think
I know it sounds crazy but like
sometimes huge actors like it's like
refreshing for them to do small
independent movies again and right now
we are we are pulling together all of
our resources because we've lived here
for a long time well like all of us have
we were born and raised in Sarasota so
we are we're trying very hard right now
to ask everyone we know where is it
sound stalkerish totally not we just we
just won't tell them that he's awesome
and that's it tank that tank his name is
actually Milton but I call him Hank
since I don't even know how long forever
probably about 12 years I do the
Internet
oh good those are good hello oh good
night sweet little muffin where I need
to do like dirt babe it's got to be like
mid conversation I do dirt face
your hairs moving I know you're not
frozen
there's a squirrel behind your shoulder
it could be my favorite place in the
world yeah this is amazing a sad place
on scene I'm exaggerating and it is
ridiculous
what ok if I could give you
smell-o-vision if you could smell this
like that expecially good smell what I'm
smelling you would be very jealous it
just smells like heaven this is like
where angels go when they you'd want a
snack you just I know it's like I'm I'm
already full from the air ok everybody I
am now at home I'm so so glad we got to
watch a movie it's amazing I'm really
really excited about it
we will keep you guys updated let you
know what goes on with the Sarasota Film
Festival all right and what about now
thanks again for watching and we'll see
you tomorrow love you guys good night
where's the ESS
with tripping
they're being
you
