don't worry - hey be less happy good
morning Sally I think I'm gonna start
off every vlog clips with Zoey's but
right is that a good idea good morning
how are you my little sunshine these
girls are just so spoiled you literally
wake up you go eat your food and then
you go back to sleep somewhere else in
the house apart from the bed that kind
of how it goes okay cool now getting
mail using the house look who I found
yeah she's things that I read in post
offices you can find her there's a
special call that you have to do and
then she shows up anyway yeah hey guys
morning how's it going we went to go get
some espresso right now and Danny's like
hey you guys have any espresso and do
your best impression of that man
there's a crazy door okay mechanism you
know they sent us that lightsaber they
we worked with them a lot all the time
whenever we do like movie related stuff
and it's so so cool did we get to be
part of it so we got like headphones and
these are oh man that's awesome
like you know savvy funky and what about
those yes I was just watching all the
videos you did youcould celebrated it so
funny hey do it a lot because our fans
they are so amazing so we try to do as
many videos as you can just to
continually be in the cool set really
cool okay what Twitter yeah you are
going to make that a part just say that
Shinya got Gina got Gina like that like
that's really good that's yeah but a
them won't know but I don't know if I'm
gonna say it like I don't know what it
means so uh very good such and dirt it's
really interesting
Wow oh that is that is so small you see
that way too
what is all that see that doesn't really
tell people is just like they just put
skyscrapers up in the middle of like
suburban neighborhood
get it get it ollie I'll get you I'll
get you I got new shoes today no shoes
I know 90% of the comments are probably
gonna be those are grandmas shoes I
think they're really cute they're shiny
shoes Oh
what was that sort of bird I think
that's a mourning dove the ones that go
he answered me oh my god you guys are
going to town on that thing oh yeah
Marley keeps looking at me like can you
help me please I wish
ronzo not good at sharing
Oh Marley found her a little piece see
every place we're going with interviews
we don't know where we're going we'll
scooter that's cuz he's though oh my
again but they keep everyone's showing
up at the places and I don't know who's
telling them how to get there but it's
amazing so we're getting the surprise
every way where you didn't say the color
you didn't specify the color and what do
you have ask you the strongest vodka you
will ever have in your life it's odd and
the strings that were on there to kiss
and a kiss
last night scooter was trying to figure
out what this means guys it's all over
you let me know tell me in the comments
and then when if any of you guys meet us
at the hotel or something let us know or
to let scoot know we've been trying to
figure out if it's like a parking thing
or not now we're going to commence uber
super Fantasmic girly time which charles
does not need to be here for magazines
and nail polish a disease and a box full
of nail I think everybody in the
audience that is a male just went off
that's cool
Wow no was it three months four months
ago we were doing all those like here
little I can't like stomach and a head
kind of thing quick giving us more oh my
goodness
you know what if today is your birthday
Internet happy birthday this is freedom
it's so so stinking cute
okay we're on we're on the hunt for the
perfect bag yet now the way you test a
baguette is to hit someone over the head
with it so go ahead go ahead
grab one
all right
that's a good one cuz this all just this
just looks great does not just look
great it's like I just
I already feel healthier just standing
next to it I wish that's how nutrition
worked but just just surround myself a
good food
I would automatically be healthy I mean
it's kind of technically how you do it
surround yourself with good food and
then that's all you eat but I mean like
my favorite section of the grocery store
kiddie towing I don't really love
mayonnaise that much I posted that
picture on Razzie of me with a giant tub
of mayonnaise then I was like eh okay I
don't eat it raw or by itself you know
what I mean because what happens when
you don't bag of flour and sugar
buttered broccoli delicious put those
shades on again let me see you
we're gonna I'm like gonna get in
trouble okay I'm excited Internet I
thought audience you're excited oh I
think they're a little jacked up my
lotto ticket I've never bought one
before I'm going to I don't know what to
ask for it but the nice League is
helping me out doc I've just had the
sudden urge to buy a lotto ticket we
could win guys I don't know all right
we're in the middle of shooting a Kings
carriage right now uh-huh
we're hitting up every stereotype we can
while we're here in Brazil I don't I
don't think I'm gonna tell you what's
gonna happen and you just got to watch
the Kings carriage yep so there's a pool
the kapu don't fool jose coceres Postum
Toshiro
two horses so I get me getting ready my
cameo your acting debut my trailer was
really nice and then I spread the green
room adequate it was a pretty okay this
is gonna be good this is gonna be
Duncan's acting debut - that's a wrap
we did it it's good up to tomorrow right
it'll be uploaded tomorrow I think thank
you guys thank you so much thank you so
much oh thank you gorgeous who came over
for a playdate Luca say hi to the camera
you wiggle booty wiggle buddy
this dog is so so stoked and now it's a
girls night bitches only really now have
all right we all do
where's Roxanne bring her over feet too
much all right guys we're swearing I'm
not I don't know how to bring up the
swears in the vlog because I'm I don't
know how to do that on final cut so my
bad and look who we found
hello pretty mama you found me I like
your pants those are fabulous
they're some oh yeah it's that girl's
night now we went yeah we went a little
apeshit here yeah
god I'm swearing so much fun we went
cray-cray but I'm like a crafty what
eight crap we went Craig Craig without
yeah I'm making some cosmos because
that's my favorite beverage you guys
anybody who's seen me at VidCon knows my
gogo juice go-go juice honey boo boo
child make it
okay hey guys my name is Danny can you
see better ah I read The Hunger Games
three times so oh by the way I lied
this isn't uploaded tomorrow it's
actually uploaded today I'll put a link
down there in the video description so
we can see it higher
welcome to Brazil what that was Marly
trying to eat let us get it my right
here
I'm all right there what is that what is
it that you don't want it oh I got
genius and Chico's see I'm flirting a
little bit I think that's a cute girl or
something I'm gonna go to the gym I feel
like it's been raining so I feel all
cooped up somebody go find him champion
I think there's one here
I'm not breaking this new description or
resolution do it oh my goodness we just
got a surprise visit from a couple of
friends
look hey looks so freaking good oh my
god
you are beautiful how long did it take
two and a half hours to cut all that off
Oh mom it's like it was like past your
shoulders oh my god okay not it's there
let me see turn around oh you are so
cute I love it oh my gosh I she forgot
that she cut her hair and I opened
roared my house was like a special menu
they're calling these lovely ladies took
us to it what is this place Bob it's
really called America Wow okay and it's
in English oh it's that big giant thing
this is America there was Yoshi finally
the Boston home pretty much all day we
can't figure out if they're making fun
of us or not
that making fun of us who's that sexy
man in there hey babe
Abed so how do internets say yeah
one-handed I never even come close to
being a legit touches stomach all right
well guys that's a way to end up a video
and a night out the light it's not
working summers hot I feel like there's
no better way to end a video or a vlog
or day other than touching ed from
taking back Sundays uh stomach so Adam
made me do it so I'll see you guys
tomorrow good night okay it's super
super late and I am gonna start my edits
go to bed I will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching and don't forget to
I don't know you guys should make up a
secret phrase I'm really bad at that I'm
not creative with those things secret
phrases weirdest candle ever because
that's just the weirdest kid I've ever
seen
yes
with y'all trippin
with trippy an early
you
