that's a big hole I know I know it's a
sad day part two
everyone cool is what do you mean
telling me sad have a safe flight and
whatnot and come back all all the days
all the days come back all the days what
are you why are you king heavy stuff
excuse me ma'am
sir I mean I had a guy life manner okay
bye
alright I'm gonna go I got some errands
to run here's my new uh you want to come
along are you I'm just chill here
I'm just chill here mm-hmm
you're just gonna just gonna lay there
okay that's fine
all right cool hold down the fort my
house is empty and it is so sad when I
go run a few errands now I gotta take
those guys to the VT which they do not
know I feel so bad doing this there's
gonna be the first time I've ever taken
them without Charles and as you guys
know they do not do well so we're gonna
see we're gonna see how they do today
though it's gonna rain now I can't take
the pictures any hair well they're super
bummed about that I'm away to pick up
the mail
just dry cleaning all the real real fun
stuff that's behind the scenes that you
don't get to see when Charles is here
filming the good news is that he sent me
a bunch of clips of the guys on their
voyage to Brazil and while they're there
so you're gonna get to see some of his
stuff today which is fabulous because we
were really nervous he wasn't going to
be able to send anything so yeah
Internet speaking of Internet I'm just
gonna say a really quick thing here
about SOPA the Stop Online Piracy Act I
know a lot of you guys already know what
it is but for those of you that don't
please go and read about it there are a
lot of very very very good and in-depth
articles that detail the bill I'm not
going to talk about it because AI don't
feel that I know enough about it to talk
I mean I know about it but I don't feel
that I'm an expert in it and I don't
feel that you guys should be influenced
just by what you're hearing other people
say I mean being a part of a democracy
is having the right to decide how you
feel about an issue once you research it
and having the right to thought about it
so I for one am terrified of it it is a
it is a scary proposition it is a very
probable thing it is a very real thing
and I I for one and you know I'm going
to take action against it to the best of
my abilities you know I'm not going to
tell anybody what to think about it you
should do the research about it read it
and it is a very real thing and it is
and it will affect well you know what I
don't know what it would do is the part
that scary is that we don't we don't
really know how far it could go so
that's that's the part that's a little
bit frightening but I feel like you know
freedom of speech and you know just the
right to express yourself is one of the
things that we pride ourselves on as a
country as a nation as a people whatever
you want to say and I feel like this is
sort of just sort of trying to like
snuff that out so maybe maybe that's my
opinion on the pattern and you know I'm
sure this is going to create a
discussion in the comments below it is a
very personal thing for many many people
for many many reasons so I you know
encourage you to go read about it gather
your own thoughts together your own
opinions there are many many good
articles about it like I said earlier
although you won't find any on Wikipedia
today because Wikipedia is in a blackout
right now which is crazy and I think the
world has gone insane now that they
cannot cheat and just Google facts about
the world I was thinking about it just
yesterday I was like I'm so glad I'm not
in college cuz if I didn't know
something I would just look it up on
Wikipedia which is horrible don't do
that because it's not always correct but
hey you know what can you do sometimes
need quick facts that's why the
Internet's awesome and now we have
transferred to my camera all right so
we're heading to the airport now
alright well we're going to South
America I think and Travis is driving a
minivan no one wants to pull you up turn
them in again okay
it's kind of true cuz they think about
on the road the fastest people on the
road are always in minivans and every
time we pass to somebody he just yells
maybe you ask Siri on a long flight
what's up buddy
well they're sweet actually coffee cases
they actually look like Yoshi you ready
I'm ready
is that a game Oh memory
it's like
whoa you just literally broke the video
k high-score dude do you ever wonder
like what they do that's used to put
stuff on like the walls just like oh we
got to go to mask Vader helmet broken
board like oh man guys as you can tell
yesterday we had some problems uploading
the vlog to Ali just from the airport
like I was just i sat there for three
hours went all over the airport and the
sky club and everything and now it's
working a little bit obviously it's
working cuz you're watching this stuff
but I was slow frustrating
to take off whoa helping that engine is
totally cool that's here oh look it's
his peg somebody drop the bag hey guys
I'm in I'm in the bathroom okay it's
really funny because everyone speaking
Portuguese everybody else in Spain she
knows she knows where we're going
otherwise she would not be acting like
this I'm so sorry though I know you hate
it
the salmon LPG so we have to take the
girls to get their vaccinations today
and here you're not happy about it I
feel so bad it started raining really
badly so I can't really take them for a
walk I was planning on taking them out
in the car earlier so they didn't just
immediately think I was throwing them in
the car to taken to the VEX they totally
know my energy changes and they know I'm
nervous for them and so II Zoey is fully
aware of what's about to happen her
she's she's acting real real nervous
back there so you know what else I just
thought about it's like Charles
scheduled visit vet appointment for the
dogs like the day after he leaves he
totally doesn't want to talk to hater
plotting out on me is the dogs totally
everything you look at that you cared I
know what you're doing today but that is
really actually funny that like the day
he leaves all hell breaks loose but he's
for dog
there's no sex on the plan
so we come here baby does L come here
honey it's okay baby
she is panicky here every other dog
owner in here saying the same thing to
their dogs like it's okay it's okay
this makes me feel horrible
it's for your own health so baby we have
to unmoving job - okay this is pretty
pathetic I was making a sandwich for
myself and I was putting some mustard on
and I realized after I had already done
it what I was doing I miss my husband I
wrote his initials in mustard that's how
much I love you baby that's true love
right
I'm a Nicoli we're here we're here here
finally I was this town Kohli I'm not
wandering they know we're what
there we go and what was it like as well
I'm assuming - that was a pain thanks to
the Bing means something like everything
okay or something like that I think so
we're gonna learn I think - to be me
yeah yeah we're gonna learn yeah we'll
learn look at this mr. M it's just like
circle many people and there's like one
Bell for everybody to get everything and
we lost Travis already we're already but
we've landed for 10-15 minutes
I don't know I don't think there's a lot
of those who are you there oh hi you
must be a hot brazilian girl let me try
something
boy man long me a Travis who said no me
a yeah and then you're supposed to say
my name is Ho Stacy
it says cannon on your thing my name is
cannon fires kid oh I'm helping them boy
cannon wait don't press 0 in Kona Sarah
como vai alright are you okay you good
Oh
let's move and we're here there we go
good job teamwork guys teamwork okay
nice time how's it going how are you
Fernando right yeah Fernando this guy
met that's shirt over there we were
greeted by a bunch of awesome people
this is pretty cool hey you're vlogging
out there we lost traveller Chad goes we
always this channel oh I always see the
sign nice as awesome dude Julia Daniel
Daniel Fernando and a nice is Kohli hey
going back into Brazil right holy crap
yes thanks is welcome ever just get off
and everyone's just ah that was nice
Thank You Brazil so far this is gonna be
an awesome tour hey Plus third class
so that's their equivalent of the LA
River over there
this is Sebastian usually in a nice
shirt do guys style up down there okay
nice side everyday hey how's it going
guys so how did you find us here my
friends what you doing there sir are you
trying to read that - Colie try to read
paper it's boarded up there we go there
we go
there's lots of photos there so
Wow no safety no nothing I'm kind of
getting like what is it
vertigo just like being up here I don't
know efore the power button nothing
nothing
okay yeah oh you got to do the speed
test please for the love of God have
fast internet pretty good hey you're out
of focus there yeah you gotta focus
there sweetie
all right well all right there we go
that could be a cell phone oh wait first
meal here and I got some Brazilian
it's actually not too bad
it's a lot like Bandra
stick what you get baby okay oh that's
cold air we're lost in the I don't
remember we're not because I remember
okay turn out the fucking camera so
that's pretty uh so scooter was saying
no food want food and just look at this
place it's crazy get the whole place
ourselves so basically what just
happened was we only know the alcoholic
drink so we just couldn't order bottled
water so we all just got alcohol
understand that's good get you meet mom
he's serving another like a giant story
that's awesome Cheers
so we are in
hey that's not a Cheers
you realize that's going online right
somebody make a gift instead of that
might be the Dan on Twitter
thank you bunch of gifts
see you guys tomorrow okay okay guys I'm
going to begin my edits it is now after
midnight and I'm only just now getting
to this because I was just doing the
merge for a few hours so editing time
I'm really really glad that Charles's
clips were in today's video it's kind of
a boring day on my end so I'm really
glad that we got some of his footage and
hopefully there will be some more
tomorrow so we love you guys and we hope
you have a good night Oh tomorrow
see what you did
yes
with y'all trippin
we're
we don't forget
you
