sup dude take some water push her out of
the way and drink the water
geez what a brat just get out of my way
you know just getting my wet I'm getting
through here hey guys good morning just
packing up right now just getting all
the final stuff right now get my
backpack all packed up I got my eye
suitcase I got my suitcase already
that's pretty much all I got
and then I have the two bases that I
have to bring up to carry on I carry on
check I would be out of plane for 10 of
13 hours of the day so you don't see me
I'm okay I just Ally he's gonna be
filming and I don't even know if I can
get my footage to her so yeah there's
gonna be an interesting day because last
time we did this was and when we went to
Spain and member of the six-hour
difference and all that fun stuff and
the vlog is kind of guys screwed for
like a day but we still managed to
figure it out that was kind of insane
actually are you still drinking water Oh
daddy crazy pace all right miss you guys
you me good you'd be really good who do
you guys all you guys do is stretch I
guess it's good Oh stay limber
what are you guarding my bag yeah no
we're gonna get it no it's so sad they
they always can tell when I'm leaving
they always get like really hyper
because they think something's going on
which they know and then I just get
really sad when they realize I have to
leave you'd be good I'm told you don't
know though I think you just go what
Barney does I mean Zoey does your mind
that's Ellie you should put more of the
red on you have an arrow on your head
hey right there I heard a sneeze and her
mascara just went everywhere
girls this I don't imagine this is a
frequent problem that gentlemen have
sneezing with mascara wet
because goes everywhere this is your
eyes you don't realize it but your eyes
closed really tightly so your eyelashes
retract into your face and well time ago
I was reading a lot of the others hair
and always marley hair reading all of
the comments about the the one of the
tongue twisters and apparently that six
chic spits the sheep six he was sick yes
is the toughest tongue twister in the
english english language i don't know
that was exactly but you don't talk
about it the toughest one that's why I
can't even say when I'm just trying to
read it but another fun one I I saw I'm
gonna make a lie do Irish wristwatch ten
times fast I already know I can't
because I have trouble with hours anyway
Irish I know really child is doing to
one to fast one is it do do the Pinet
you know the banana fanna game man
hey Dan nice van this is what you used
to pick up the ladies on the week soccer
moms watching this you're awesome call
him call him the cell phone call him on
the van phone it go on a big boob is
that you're going to Brazil dance it's
like Donald dance I've noticed on
Twitter and on huge are video
specifically ever since we announced
that we're going to South America like
the amount of followers and viewers now
from Brazil in South America it just
went like a hundred percent just like
it's been sane you guys are crazy
it's gonna be awesome sad I mean it's
good what's that
I'm just jealous mostly okay so
apparently this dog was totally unaware
that behind this magic red curtain there
was a window it could be opened and she
could see outside well
are you so happy yeah there's pretty
much no grass it's ugly
she's so cute she'd just been sitting
here in a little bit look at her mom
this is great this is so it's like an
armchair for dog that's so that's so
weird and you're just a breath hey guys
so as you can see and this is
desperately trying to look all this
stuff all the footages right here I'm
trying to upload it right now
and I just can't so if you don't see any
of this footage it will I will get a
valley it will be in like tomorrow's
video but if you do see it just
disregard this I just wanted to film
something and send it to Holly it's
coming this pie looks like crap but all
I could do so Danny picked up some wine
because it's getting it's getting really
bad so just want to let you guys know so
I didn't either show up at the blog at
all don't go just move back to Florida
okay okay oh let me see what is today is
the day the trials left for Brazil it's
very sad I don't think it's hit me yet
just how long he's gonna be away I at
least have my brother for a couple more
days and dot's hanging out with me a
lady died but it is really really sad
he's gonna be going back up to New York
I'm not sure what his future plans
include but we really loved having him
here it's very sad that he's gonna be
leaving soon and I'm sad I'm gonna be by
myself it's gonna be really boring I'm
gonna try to try to make it a computing
for you guys every day that sounds bad
so I'm hoping that wherever he goes
there's gonna be internet for him to
access and use and upload clips to me or
hopefully he'll be able to download my
clips or something so that we can keep
our vlogs interlaced otherwise it's just
gonna be a lot of mopface
and I know you guys are gonna get tired
of looking at that so we're gonna we're
gonna figure out a way we'll work it out
hey guys so I'm just gonna be filming a
lot on the iPhone app because I can't I
tried desperately to get my footage up
so yeah you'll definitely see that stuff
tomorrow but we're heading out got to be
there about an hour early this is the
international terminal right now and it
looks like very like what am I thinking
like back to the future to like very
Spacey I mean I seriously need to invest
in some sort of like unlocked phone tour
like I have like a 3G like whatever
country we end up going especially like
in Europe but scooter assured me that
they have internet I just don't how fast
it is
oh my god okay who wants to play with a
freaking lightsaber
who wants to play with a holy biatch
look at this thing
dude look this thing this is legit like
I can't even there's no way that I can
hold this and show you because it's it's
like officially giant and awesome it's
like the real actual size of a
lightsaber Zoey I'm gonna burn your
little nose up back up
watch out oh yeah let's let's crack this
beast open oh yeah let's say that's
steak that's a lightsaber holy it's
always like mine Jimmy mine your kid
does meanwhile on Planet Namek oh my god
I hit it on something no instead of
you're hired to do that chair no it
looks awesome on this camera
yeah say bye to the Internet chairs :
hunter hi I gotta go guys love you all
I'll see in Brazil love you honey and
make sure the dogs make sure the running
Marlee can't get back all right
oh it looks crazy in this room it looks
really awesome yeah look and run
I mean it's rad bro not grad life sorry
it's hard to handle dude yeah oh dude
that looks so rad in here play golf of
it it's a pretty short par-4 here on the
back nine of the gussto what do you want
what do you want says Oh trying really
hard to get her to tell me that she
wants to go pee with the bells but she
has not done that since we moved what do
you want it's right here come on come on
Zoey
right here head bounced away hit the
bell watch Marley she's gone oh that
that right there is why I like entirely
what Marley's life is about showing up
Zoey and getting her away even if it's
something she didn't want in the first
place yeah we get it Riley so Jessie
came over because we're going to watch
the new Twilight together I have to show
her the soap before we go because she is
as big of a nerd as I am about this and
I don't
her to turn around and see you know okay
ready woman yep where did you get that
what did she sing her chili for the
second time better the first time okay I
just I just saw a third wait fourth
Twilight part one is that right what it
is breaking down what is it called gross
gross things I thought it was good but
well this is cheesy it wasn't like as
Campion's the other one so I didn't like
it as much
yeah we need more cheese with our wine
hopefully that's why I'm they're gonna
choose it up that's almost too serious
this one was like what have babe it's
people are fighting and blah blah blah
blah we're gonna brothers yeah just I
liked how Jacob imprinted on the infant
like epitome of pedophilia guys come on
music that my husband player yeah that's
your sure though yeah this sounds kind
of similar to Kings
it's totally the kings playing this is a
no thing that's so funny it's a sign
okay I'm pretty sure it's okay nursers
way nurses hate the King so that right
that's all right okay no space that's
something like that I don't speak
Portuguese I asked my friend who does
and she said it was something like that
I don't know oh my god can I just tell
you hi can you tell them what number
this is our second triple chocolate melt
down for the table
Yuki consumed the first one and now I am
going to work on this one so this is
we're going as Kohli would say okay the
King says : would say we are going to
Fat City right now I'm stoked about this
right I'm just gonna be surprising
people with this all day
Yukie just came to my house and I'm
gonna show him Yuki come over here okay
ready oh my god he's having a blast
already I just so he is see you actually
like know how to like handle weapon all
that really tell the light outside look
for there's nothing feels so cool it's
like heavy dude this has just been a
blessing in my household no joke
you look so badass okay everyone time to
go to bed I'm buck no really
I've seen really this if you want but I
came on here because I just was
overwhelmed with how good the song
you're out for the movie is oh it makes
it so much I'm so grateful for like your
talents and like it's you see amazing I
don't understand it it's like weird
genius I pay her a favor we're gonna go
to bed now don't tell Charles although
he's gonna totally watch this I did not
run these little poopers today so they
had a day off but up someone's having a
blast over here
oh yeah so they had a time it's a very
busy gate today did a lot of fun stuff
and had a blast with a lightsaber that
was pretty much the best thing ever to
grace this household and the Michael
play with it's more also I don't have
any original clips from yesterday so the
yesterday's video box is gonna have me
making strange faces at you because I
don't have any original clips from
yesterday's video my bad
I'll see you guys tomorrow was my first
day ever editing this whole thing
together completely by myself guys okay
love you good night are you recording me
I'm trying to commence the face making
but there's Marlee here on the Lansing
yes
with trippy
in early
you
