hey everyone I've been sleeping but I
went I'm gonna go running and I went
around the corner and this thing was
lower it was like kind of like right
about here and maybe really great there
just hovering it's just hovering like
that so I went around the Celt at the
corner of the house and that was like
right there that helps fell over I mean
that's it that's that was not really a
good story but hi-c he's always enjoying
it Marley's all pissed off she's like I
was sleeping in my bed my little dog bed
I never gonna be walk this sucks lazy's
good job Zoe I leave the pack
you done jump-roping your face that was
funny
hey nice buddy hey hey nice hoodie
where'd you get that we're getting
supplies right now for the trip
gotta get some underwear or should I get
this this would be good for Brazil
remember this would I'd fit in if I wore
this stuff phone number last time my
Brazilian bod I need shirts shirts in
the undies okay come on these guys oh
they're there
I don't see your head that would look
kind of cool actually put it right there
come on we're good
they're good
you put a feather in your head probably
Yankee Doodle koffie koffie koffie
koffie koffie koffie
I just okay three okay a lot of people
called me out in the comments the reason
why I do this no no like see wanna see
okay the reason why I do no no no the
reason why I do it is because I have no
if I were to do this it stretches out my
collar my shirt if I put it down here
get like I lose it so I just keep it on
my head and if I put it on here my big
head stretches my glasses out so this is
why we just leave it on its that because
I was like you know where my sunglasses
I see she's wearing them too
she's wearing on my night all right
there in the inside that's just easier
it's just easier alright you can make
fun of me all right this is the
traveling essentials what do I need what
do I need band-aids q-tips no I'm afraid
of well you know what I probably need
this I need some nail quit I need some
nail accessories some mouthwash I don't
I don't know where somebody told me that
somebody has like some people have feet
like phobias when people do this and rip
cotton balls like I wonder if there's
anyone it anyone out there like cringing
like you know Ali happy you like you
freak out with the wax paper I'm just
distracted by how douchey you look with
your glasses on
Oh
ha
Oh oh my god I just won 1 million great
britain great British pounds that's a
lot okay
I love spam emails because look at how
they write there's their O's there's
zeros see occupation is like zero
occupation Oh spam emails
hey everyone
yeah so I'm just getting the video
uploaded actually when I go hopefully
okay this is I'm getting really worried
because I don't really know how fast the
internet it's gonna be over in South
America so what I'm gonna end up having
to do is send Ali all my clips and she's
gonna film it she's gonna add it and
she's gonna upload it so this guy should
be the last video I'm gonna upload for
at least a few days
if the Internet's really slow and pretty
much Ali is gonna be she's gonna be rock
the rock basically if the video makes it
I'm like on the internet on time it's a
wheeled miss a day it's gonna be thanks
to Ali so I'm right now just uploading
the video one last time before I go
enjoying this beautiful weather out here
it's just so gorgeous right now just
don't want to go inside
singing zelda and meticulously
organizing shot glasses got a tiny
little friend there hey papi Gibbs
hi how are you hi oh man
now the tedious process of packing for
like what is it to look like two weeks
11 days let go pathetic this is I
haven't even unpacked from the last tour
what do I bring our part I should bring
a bathing suit cuz I think it's gonna be
like 90 degrees and I hear South America
has some pretty nice beaches I don't
know if it's just like I threw great fun
and just rumours that maybe there's an
awesome beach just finishing up packing
and I have to bring these I got some
cash but that's not nearly enough yeah
two GoPros
so that way Danny cuz Danny's probably
been doing Kings carriage or probably
helped him with that one of the like top
requests and things that you guys have
been asking is to put a GoPro on the end
of the base and I don't I haven't been
ignoring you I've just been trying to
think of how to do it I don't really
have a mount fat so I'm gonna have to
like kind of MacGyver it or something
got my clothes got my waffle beanie got
some got my shorts got my running shoes
getting everything done he packing it's
like it's really sad packing is like
depressing at the same time it's
exciting it's gonna be awesome
but I mean you're not saving my 47 hat
it's just I don't know I just get like
really kind of melancholy about it'd be
really cool if I can bring Ally and Zoey
and Marley see the thing is about
bringing Zoey Marley is I promised
myself when I got a dog that would never
put a dog in an airplane unless I can
buy a ticket for them in first class or
something but I've heard so many horror
stories about dogs being put underneath
you know in the cargo bay just so I
didn't how scary that would be you know
what I mean like and freezing freezing
the death you know just anxiety heart
exploding and know it the only way Zoey
Marley would ever get on the airplane is
if they were sitting next to me on first
class and that sucks no because that
would be really cool to bring them you
know but you know you know what
what's we the kings goes like quadruple
platinum and we have four tour buses
each each guy as I do they're on tour
bus I would bring them on the tour bus
that'd be pretty cool I don't know what
the helpless CTFxC that could be
possible because you guys blow me away
every single time so maybe it is but
remember to check out the tour dates I
said the other day check out the tour
dates in the videos
Crypton we're doing a US tour and we're
going overseas to Europe after South
America so make sure to go check out the
tickets grab them before they sell out
I think LA already sold out on the
pre-sale so they're going really fast
because I want to be on a high five you
guys you can make like CTFxC plus wtk
signs and shirts and hold them up
merging the families guys we're merging
the families once cookies cookies for
all get them while they last there you
go there you go yummy oh gosh waking up
they've been working on the movie
constantly for the past like I don't
even know like how many how many hours
are in like two weeks guys so I'm trying
to find my iPad because this this flight
is gonna be like seven hours and I had
do you know like the one you you know
when you do something like when you have
something in your hand and you're not
paying attention are you vlogging with
this hand you set it down you don't know
where it is I don't think I packed it
it's not there it's not there yep good
gear Zoey get him Riley yeah yeah get it
no no I'm not gonna do it that's
incriminating not gonna do it
help me go you hope
so weird yours well if you're gonna hold
it for me that's it's helpful thank you
daddy there's Ali working on all the
merch and there Zoey being her footrest
yeah I cannot believe this balloon is
still flying and the shark is dying this
thing is still Wow
all right guys I'm getting ready for bed
I just told Ali all the the secret
SuperDuper stuff for the annotations and
the thumbnail and all the audience I
think teachers the thumbnail oh sorry
did i disturb you
there you go there's a ball for you good
girl good girl
don't wanna throw a hard drive yes good
girl already guys I gotta go I gotta
start packing go to bed early morning
you're gonna miss me no no what good
night Marty
good night all right guys I'll see you
go tomorrow I'll be in Brazil gonna guys
Ali's gonna she's gonna take on all the
editing and do all this stuff so make
sure to I reply Ali and tell her she's
in doing an amazing job it's all an hour
now I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
you
with children
the
don't forget
