oh the joys of having a dog Zoey ate way
too fast and Oh Mike that's puke and you
stepped in it look at my phone and I
almost ate it I was like what Zoey are
you okay
poor puppy that's that's why you gotta
slow down garbage you want a sock no
that's gross
that's like all our food I'm not
cleaning that up you're cleaning out you
stepped in you touched it last
are we all mistaken was it you that
puked yeah that was like this that was
like for Marley hash right there hey eat
slowly okay we don't want you to lose it
again okay thank you for not puking play
the greatest rock and roll song of all
time
playing greatest fall of all time I
didn't think that would actually work
okay hey guys how's it going hey who is
this is this matchbook this match will
go romance I think yeah all right let's
try that again play a hardcore rock song
looking for a hardcore rock song sorry I
couldn't find hardcore rock in your
music the hole okay play a really good
song city does this looking for a really
good song
okay sorry I couldn't find very good in
your music Oh Siri Siri your jackass
you're certainly entitled to that
opinion so I have a song at the moment a
favorite song of the moment this song
breaking a sweat less skrillex it's so
good it's so good
sunny you did good job with the song you
want some coffee get it to get all hyper
they get all hyper dude coffee for yes
going to the dog park hey dude
as always a big fan she's a big fan
anyway we're gonna go to the dog part oh
I just farted okay so they're drinking a
lot of coffee I know kind of got a late
start today just been running into stuff
like hey Joey alright what's going on I
was reading all your amazingly
supportive comments on yesterday's video
about you know the vlogs being kind of
laid back to the last couple days
because in the next few months just to
be insane touring and traveling and all
that fun stuff I was I honestly thought
you know some people would be kind of
you know who the haters out there but
you guys were so incredibly sweet it was
amazing and it was just it made me so
proud to be you know it had this
together to use the community because I
just blow me away sometimes your support
and your just like your understanding is
this so incredible so today kind of
getting everything ready for South
America we're going for about 12 days I
got I gotta get pesos how many pesos was
that one dollar is one 13 13 pesos or
something and it's just his birthday
today so we're gonna have a little
birthday dinner but I'm gonna miss these
guys so I'm gonna take them to the park
and they'd all like to the beach and all
have fun stuff as much as possible you
got a friend up somebody's sniffing your
but hey it's a pretty dog does he want
coffee
what a jerk pick on someone your own
size dude remember when I got this new
camera do you guys remember that you
might be noticing I'm filming this on
the iPhone how long ago was it because I
can't remember you guys know the date
and then today this is what happened
just focus on right there oh look at
that
what is that camera broken already it
won't focus that is ah focus you stupid
piece of crap
I broke the camera already so how long
did that take baby 10 days can't believe
it actually happened that soon
everything else seems to be fine I don't
think there's a dead pixel on this maybe
dirty lens that's about it
holy crap we're so close to two million
that is incredible that that's so crazy
to think about two million people
watched our wedding and then like I
think it's like three million watch your
proposal this is the little things like
this is why I love the internet so much
that you can share beautiful moments
like that with everybody looks like a
dog guy super hunger here I like all the
dog park is like her I have all my deep
like fill philosophical like talks
that's weird I could say philosophical
but I can't say hundreds well one
thousand one one in one thousand she
can't say that but I could say I can't
say that now I just grew myself out by
doing that let's play game let's do some
some serious tongue twisters let's see
if we can do this don't pamper damps
camp tramps that camp under a ramp lamps
a doesn't double the mass dinner napkins
draw what I can't do that unique New
York unique New York unique new you need
unique New York unique New York unique
unique you not unique you there's one
that I could actually do it's like how
much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a
woodchuck could chuck wood I can do that
one oh that's a good one
the six the sixth thick oh my god the
sixth sick sheiks sixth sheep is sick
the six the sixth sick sheiks sixth Shh
the 660 the six shape chip the 666 ship
that's a tough one
she sells seashells by the seashore she
sells seashells by the seashore see that
one I think it's just because everyone
has grown up with that one
she sells seashells by the seashore I
can do that one I look so pretty so
today's video I'm doing a bunch of
tongue twisters and since it's your
birthday you have to do this one this
one I could not do for the life of me
the six sick she called dicks six ship
I can't even do it dude there that one
Wow do that three times fast
oh fast what's fast that's the one I
could I think I could even you buy it
six six if you're trying to like cuz if
I say that is a six one
like I'll say the six yeah like the 666
I mean even then yeah try the one above
it say mixed biscuits ten times fast
next biscuits miss oh yeah tongue
twister day the sixth sick sheiks sheiks
the sixth sick sheiks sixth sheep is
sick yeah that's hard to do that three
times fast
the six six six a six instead of six oh
six I hate it mixed biscuits mixed
biscuits mixed basic if you're you
better than guys way better I can do it
what about unique New York
I can do that one okay let's find
another I was gonna fuck okay I'm not
really about it there's a one called
mother pheasant plucker what is it
mother pheasant plucker we used to do it
in an acting class and you end up saying
do it no it's a long time Oh mother
effer okay
three great three great geese and green
fields grazing three great peas and
green fields just showing us up that's
we surely shall see the sunshine soon
you surely felt I can't do that one
you surely shall see the sunshine soon
you clearly shall see the sunshine soon
I guarantee everyone else is like trying
to do it in front of the computer right
now all this might be that that's the
same website same exact website Google
dangerous okay try and so it's really
long I am NOT the pheasant plucker
I'm the pheasant pluckers mate I am only
in plucking pheasants because the
pheasant pluckers is running late I am
NOT a pheasant plucker I am a pheasant
pluckers son I am only plucking
pheasants till the pheasant plucker God
I'm a mother pheasant plucker I pluck
mother pheasants I'm the best mother
pheasant plucker that ever plucked a
mother pheasant I'm not the fig fucker
nor the fig pluckers son but I'll pluck
face so the fig pucker comes this buggy1
he has MS buggy buggy has a square cut
has a square cut punt not a punt cut
square just a square cut punt its round
in the stern and blunt in the front mrs.
Peggy woogie has the square cut to punt
oh oh all right well you know what
I'm Laurin I could just do it I think
I'm on the good way where's Ally alright
honey we're doing tongue twisters still
ready for it oh that one's that one's
tough now she was analyzing it no but
she did it Justin was doing as well Oh
slow - oh you know what you should be
putting on right now where is it where
is that where is that stupid
ah this is what I did yesterday guys
this stupid thing how you get your flaps
on flaps are up laughs the other flaps
yeah all right say say mixed biscuits
ten times fast
yeah mixed biscuits mix this gets mixed
biscuits mix for this gets mixed
biscuits mixed biscuits mixed biscuits
mixed biscuits mixed biscuits mixed
biscuits that's pretty good that was
good okay how about this one is that
this is a tough one
okay the sixth sick sheiks six sheep is
sick what six six sheep six sheep is
sick since that's fast ten times four
times the sixth sick sheiks exhibition
the six six sheep six sheep is sick
that's so good
have you guys have any awesome like
tongue twisters or anything like that
tell us in the copyright them out in the
comments and just start drawing everyone
else try the ones down there I think
this would be a yeah no that would be or
if you ever done um you know a banana
fanna game do the banana fanna game with
the word trucker do it dot you know the
banana fanna game banana fanna fo fanna
fo me my mother do the word trucker
check your checker good luck in my
cabinet yeah I did that true story eight
years old in the car on a road trip and
my mom just likes dams on the bags like
washers proper copper coffee pot proper
copper coffee pot faster proper copper
coffee pot proper copper coffee pot
proper copper coffee pot proper copper
coffee pot that was easy when I gave you
an easy one okay
around the rugged rocks the ragged
Rascals ran yeah okay that was a tough
one how do MIT mix biscuits mixed
biscuits yeah mix the biscuits mixed
biscuits make some biscuits mixed
biscuits see the thing is your dad's
proper enunciation when he speaks so
that's why you're so good at it
but I'm just okay this is the thumbnail
for today's video and I'm trying to get
Ali to twist your tongue it's just there
we go kind of 35 where's Ginga I have to
wait till that rose complete yeah
what girls toys chillin I don't want to
and everyone came with us you guys want
to be able to make the fun of my little
sister you want to tell them yeah you
want to tell him what happened no no the
my sister don't know how this is
happening never seen Star Wars look at
her face she said salty yeah what's the
main character that's the good guy oh
one of them just one of them
responsibility gets cut off mom and dad
failed us I felt you know name name one
of the robot no well that's good oh
that's good what's okay what's another
one just got home for dinner and I have
to show you guys this I just somebody I
replied me from Twitter his name is ma
ma are I 72 and he climbed a 20,000 foot
mountain just to do this okay so you
click on the link check this out
look at that you put a flag that says
CTFxC for the win we the kings that is
incredible dare I say now the CTFxC is
literally everywhere
would be an ally
