hey guys yeah you thought yesterday
thumbnail was Photoshop no I commit I
commit and this sucks huh that's not one
of my proudest yeah so as you guys saw
yesterday's video it was a thumbnail of
me and everyone was saying that it was
photoshopped that his photoshopped was
brought up the contrast no nay I
actually I went all out so I'm about to
upload the video that you watched
yesterday oh it's like a time warp and I
needed a thumbnail and I was like hey
you know what this is probably gonna be
funny so I put makeup on and put my
wife's makeup on and then I'm uploading
it to be who dear future so no and our
daughter
don't judge your dad just don't don't
judge him do not judge him right now how
do I even do yeah alright don't need
this crap off oh it's a coming off it's
not coming off how come what Ally kisses
me
it comes off say that I want the
chapstick a holy crap acai coming off
this is not
what the hell holy that was lipstick
right it was in pain anymore so
it's still good to help there's no way
I'm calling Ally sir
ma'am ma'am you're embarrassing me a
public place
you're welcome embarrassed anyway so we
are out to breakfast and Danny and
unless I have the crew seated to steal
my grapes and thank you steal my grapes
there you go
we've been to add my fruit passport we
did oh yeah gotten fruit stone no hey I
think I did a dumb thing I needed a
thumbnail and I tried to put that red
lipstick on my lips to get you know we
were with a red lipstick or something
like that and it won't come off huh how
do how do I get it off what it's
permanent whatever was red
how do I get this off no tell me now
that's under mice under your sink okay
I'm seeing a bunch of stuff this brush
cleanser now does it say gently I am the
brood mover ah founder all right look
found it thank you love you ah she was
holding out
oh I do I do i do i King but I just
learned a valuable lesson guys I hope a
lot of you guys did too I've challenged
Melissa to a jam off and Jim we're gonna
have to keep this the fastest I can't
believe I forget hey Jim get set go
there's still something that you guys
should do a butter off next and now I
see rabbit a really really hungry and
you don't have any food nearby I just
asked a local restaurant which I don't
know why you would just eat there but a
scam well I hope you guys enjoyed
yesterday's thumbnail hey don't tell
it's my sandwich no that's my sandwich
so you know what the worst situation you
know worst part about that whole
situation I didn't even use that as a
thumbnail yesterday I'll use it today or
something no it's not the weather is
just making these dogs go spastic get
out everybody get out of her but we just
missed them
wait in line at the bank killing time
waiting at the bank oh you guys I forgot
to tell you the new tour dates a lot of
you guys were asking why we were doing
Europe and South America but we weren't
doing unites the net United States the
United States tour dates with May Day
Parade have been posted we've the Kings
music.com / tour I think there's a link
down there video description or if used
a little iPhone we the kings iPhone app
you'll see the tour dates but yeah I
just one of those you guys know so go
check out the tour dates now
are after this video and see if we're
coming to your town so we can like
high-five and hug it'll be awesome guys
like seriously US tour the beginning of
2012 is gonna be pretty crazy because we
have South America that we're doing a
month and a half I believe in the United
States and then a month and a half two
months in Europe that's just the
beginning that's just the first five
months of 2012 it's awesome news because
that means I get to see all you guys it
looks like we're gonna have one less
party over at the trippy I only know
what we call our house - trippy house
the trippy Towers whatever because
tomorrow's actually actually you reading
your you're reading this today you're
watching this video today and it's
actually Justin's birthday so make sure
to go wish Justin a happy birthday it's
just out like on Twitter it's at reply
Justin speed so I want all you guys to
go and say happy birthday so we're gonna
have like a pretty bash and then I think
I leave Tuesday and so we're just gonna
have like a little party I'm gonna make
false the guys and what's this oh plane
tickets that's one that's one way you
know you fly a lot is when you just go
into a random pocket and you find plane
tickets smell the fire would you pee on
that and then you steal it stick oh my
gosh you buy sticks that's all so do you
want to try cilantro might try it Joe
you wanna try cilantro
mmm let's what's outside a lot of you
guys have been at replying a lot of
really cool like salsa recipes and these
are starting to go bad now it's
I really need to use them so ooh oh yeah
that one's bad making salsa I really
have no idea what I'm doing though I
figured you can't really screw it up
it's like tomatoes and stuff right all
right let's try this this also came out
magnifique
however did I say that right I don't
think I said that right we have a
casualty on my portal shirt yeah Zoey
get it out shout at it oh wait I can't
do this
Aly where's my headlamp thing bingo
okay I can't grill I can't be a man
without this thing guys just think about
like all the years that we've been
filming in the daily videos I could
barely use a George Foreman grill never
like that was it 2009 when we started
these I tried to do a George Foreman
grill burned everything now look me I've
graduated to a real man's grill wow it's
cold
dude it dude it dude it that was very
ninja-like there kamikaze shark well
looks like this also was a success hey I
just want to say this is gonna be a
quick little thank-you I just want to
say thank you guys for so so much for
the last few I guess maybe we can have
just the I know the vlogs haven't been
extremely like I've been punched a shot
although or shark has been flying around
our house you know like every single day
and to be completely honest I what you
guys see these tour dates you're gonna
see what I'm saying I'm basically just
trying to you know we'll just enjoy the
time off right now before a tour because
you know I'm gonna miss Ali I'm gonna be
a Zoey in my late tremendously and
that's why like I know a lot of people
in the concept of like what see tf-x
he's boring all he's doing is singing as
you know his house and cooking food for
everybody it's cuz I'm not gonna be able
to get to do that it's kind of you know
sad to think about but it's gonna be
extremely exciting the next few months
this next year is going to become
incredible like Ali and I are gonna
travel all over the world we're gonna go
meet more and more of you guys than we
ever thought we would ever do like
usually we just do these videos and see
you guys at VidCon or playlist live and
things like that now we're actually
gonna go to your cities and see each
other and it's just it's just gonna be
insane it's gonna be a lot of work
through me a lot of traveling and I've
just been enjoying a lot of downtime so
I just want to say thank you guys really
quick for being so understanding as
supportive of me being just being lazy
and enjoying everyone and just enjoying
the house and just being home that's it
that's all I wanted to say now I'm gonna
go back to partying with all our friends
you guys are amazing and so supportive
here trust me I'm gonna make up for it
the next couple months ago be gnarly hey
Tony hang it out
Oh Marley I just want to play with Tony
where are you buddy hey what's up hey
fluff ball hey Tony hey hi oh I love the
camera I'm such a little camera here
yeah we do that was it your house or
operate that's awesome don't do it again
Jesse said no so no one no one can do it
your time for you to have your quarter
life crisis you ready go that look like
you're pooping that is a crisis Donald
Glover you can show me some of your best
Friday and your best moves let me see it
go hey happy birthday bro yeah happy
birthday yeah I didn't film any I made
them some Yuki did you give him the shot
glasses yeah and I made him do the the
shots of the Chuckle vino see still
alive she is desperately trying
desperately trying everyone's all just
pokes
pocum's Zoey first time every boy oh you
guys I put the top on okay bad and then
just yes I think it is shaking like
holding this what is it Ebola like that
oh well I've never done with the leg bed
I got it that's going into you happy
birthday and they go yeah I know I got
chills right underneath this hoodie
right now are you judging everyone can I
just inquire as to what all right this
is the push-up ready one two three
Jessie's like broke off for the pack or
immediately those are some style and uh
boots there
these boots are made actually they
weren't meant for a walk
yes
with child tripping
