check it out I have an appointment at
like 4:30 and I haven't gotten the video
uploaded so I'm using my phone to
photoshop the thumbnail flee oh it's
kind of messed up I don't know
in between stoplights pause oh you
multitask guys now while mine at
Starbucks
continuing my photoshop job oh no oh man
you know and people say that I can't
multitask mom right come on teleport
teleport me home ah no home you know
it's really hard to do this from afar
ah come for coffee canta canta canta
canta canta canta coughing up ago it's
so weird to think about how much I hated
coffee when I was little when I even
little when I was like a teenager at
even high school may I say you're even
early college I thought coffee was the
most disgusting thing in the world and
now I can't get enough there like that
with alcoholic beer I remember I don't
do this at home I remember sneaking a
beer at my parents house when I was
younger like you know high school and
stuff just to try it and I thought it
was the most disgusting thing in the
world I don't know it's just weird
people are weird human beings are just
weird so we're gonna drive over to the
other side of Tampa to get a haircut now
it seems like it was not unanimous but a
lot of you guys said it's time for a
haircut and since you guys are like my
other wives it's time to get a haircut I
was going to try to do that you know
growing it out and try to be all you
know awesome with long hair but it just
died it's that awkward stage you don't I
mean like when you're growing your hair
out there's like that stage we're just
like no matter what you do is just gonna
look like crap and I just I can't get
through it again I did it once but I
don't think I'll do it again
if you guys have any cool ideas as far
as like a short or long hair like you
know kind of in between just at reply me
on my Twitter you know at Charles Trippy
and just show me examples and maybe and
maybe I'll do that
I don't
because I'm just really bad I'm just
really bad at picking hairstyles much
easier wait who's driving I'm skating
it's Ali
Ali's driving it since it's totally cool
got the video uploaded the whole
multi-tasking it works so we're gonna
have five high five I'm gonna break the
lens one of these days all right
haircut time and now Charles is not a
hobo still kind of are you happy yep
we're gonna go to Ali's favorite
restaurant in the world like one of them
I think it's maybe the number one and
healthiest in America I think I think I
read yeah there was a there was this
article I read it she won't let me read
what's on the article but here is the
number one worst thing you can eat as a
single serving okay I'll just tell you
guys it's Cheesecake Factory right and
there was an article it was like the top
and worst food restaurant chain and I
think I don't know if it was number one
they had several items from their
establishment that were on the top ten I
think number one or close to number one
was Ali's favorite red velvet cheesecake
it's like the worst thing you possibly
eat ever in your face the last few days
have been like 80 or something like that
like super nice and the one day I
decided I was gonna show your sleeve and
flip-flops
it's like 54 degrees right now which is
cold for everyone yeah it is you got the
Steve Jobs thing going Ally Steve Jobs
oh you need your New Balance there's the
culprit there
I don't have ever told you guys to skip
went up snow majeure befo okay public
restrooms never grab here always grab
the furthest furthest at the bottom no
one touches down there alley like the
butter always comes out super cold so
what she does is she sits on it
there's gonna be I'm gonna eat maybe
from here over and this is gonna be a
day you have a week right there so if
you want a specialist to come over you
can just call him over and instead of
going to a Genius Bar just ask them your
questions are they gonna think you're
some jobs makes me feel like I know
something Valley's a little happy
together yes happy juice oh wait wait
I am the drunk one how do we get the
specialist lets me hear that date I just
made a date with a specialist very nice
one of the suggestions was to do like a
real little real-life Angry Birds I
don't know maybe for candy angry do you
want the candy
I guarantee if we got this Zoey would
destroy it maybe I don't know maybe
maybe five minutes right don't be angry
no you look like a lime but you know
what it looks like it looks like you got
a really big shirt a vice but I was like
you got a big shirt and then you just
cut it I like it it's like normal flying
squirrel normal flying squirrel I don't
know what you think Internet what is it
thank you
I think olive oil olive oil yeah very
40s olive oil like Popeye
think things over I'm picking up
oh I know I didn't know it was my car no
ma'am I did not ma'am ma'am no ma'am
all right like three and a half hours
later we can finally go oh it smells
like nail shop all right third moment
okay sorry I know you are you're jamming
out I know I haven't I have a nerd
moment let's see this theoretically
would work guys
I took my phone it's still doing the
13-month lewis it's still way down there
are 13 gigs of just other data it was
corrupt okay so they said just restored
there's nothing they could do
here's my idea because there's a
jailbreak now for the iPhone 4 not the
4s right right all the Nerds stick with
me please okay so what about if I back
up the 4s update my for to the latest
firmware then restore it from what I
just did and then jailbreak that
and then put the new database in there
extract that and restore it on the other
one would that work I used they lose you
completely lose you wait the good work
right theoretically come here I know
we're gone for hours
lifetimes they're over here okay I don't
even know if this is gonna work with her
get my phone I for iPhone 4 right there
so I have to get the database on be here
and then I gotta change it what am I
gonna do okay wait now I won't turn on
oh no all right step one jailbreak the
old phone oh okay now we restore the old
backup on to the old phone oh good guy
got into the phone so it's backed up now
my 4s information is now on my four and
I got into the file system right
everybody fix this so I'm in my file
system and I'm noticing all this stuff
like this is the attachments so if I go
to the attachments this is where all the
fault like the the photos like when you
iMessage stuff see if this actually
works was working a second a second ago
I think it's because everything's
transferring right now as you can see
there's a little preview right there
remember this was I guess Detroit so
what it looks like the IMS like iPhone 4
or the iMessages is it saves all this
crap so actually this other data just
might be text messages like good 4s and
like all the videos because right now
it's still transferring and I just I'm
copying it to the desktop and it's at
1.7 gigs I don't know about 15 or 12 or
13 but that's suck
the what I don't know what it is but I'm
learning something new right now that's
annoying I think I just like the fault
of iMessage this is kind of frustrating
what you're not ready you got your new
pants on your olive oil outfit pretty
this is it how I guess there with
lipstick you don't talk the pain the
pain man wear lipstick hmm
oh my gosh do you need to get that
Maybelline stays on you and only on you
Internet
why is this girl on any ice cup oh this
is gonna be on all night anyway guys I
think what I'll remember that next time
Melissa I am gonna continue trying to
figure out what's going on my stupid
phone I would say it's one of those
things where if I once I gets you know
start it and going with it I don't want
to stop and I think that Evan Justin
there's a home stretch right now
well it's dropping its dropping they're
exporting right now so I think I
discovered the the fault of the Apple
iPhone right now at least I messages
every time you stick like a photo
especially with the 4s it takes it as a
high resolution and then you send this
your friend who has I messages basically
what it's doing is it's sending them the
high resolution just like with video so
let's
example I think a photo of Zoey just
like right over there you know I mean
like I 4s as high-resolution so it's
like two point five Meg's the photo
right I send it to Ali right it's now
two point five in my my text messages as
well as Ali's and that's it just keeps
coming up and just accumulating and
that's basically what's happening I
think there's just like because the
iMessage is does the high resolution
I feel like Apple needs to do some sort
of like low quality thing because I mean
this is what I see this is all text
messages this isn't faulty operating
system or anything like this this is
just a fault or a flaw and I messages
and me being a nerd
spent hours and hours didn't go out
because I wanted to figure it out so
this is my test I'm gonna go through and
delete a bunch of text messages I mean I
have hundreds and hundreds possibly
thousands of ones that I know that I
have sent a lot of high-resolution
photos and video and see if it works I
know I'm a huge nerd I just completely
made this vlog a complete nerd vlog and
I apologize but I haven't had one of
these in a while here goes
sube sube
we open in the Islander what you
and how to basically cut it in half so
that's it that's it guys if you were
curious now I just figured out I just I
basically spent an entire night
well that was good to know so he just
got done hanging out I went and had a
few drinks of my 50 since we haven't
seen each other in a very long time and
that was lovely she told me all about
her trip to North Carolina which was
amazing
and I'm literally freezing my buns off
right now it's like not cold for any
other state in the United States but for
me it's praising Florida like below 65
degrees is like cold so I'm gonna go
jump in my car yeah hey so done Justin
just went to bed they just got their
movie submitted
were stately attacks
giddy with child tripping
with cherry
you
