I was that a big stick or is that not
that's always fire what she's trying to
get the truth to all right well that's
Zoey's now Martha yet Zoey's don't touch
it oh yeah this is world war two playing
you can kind of see it so hey al he's
gonna be super pissed off when she sees
you doing this come on get it
no hey so I just came to visit my mom
and I found a couple of awesome viewers
and I would like to introduce them hold
on we get away from the backlighting
there we go hello what's your name
Matthew do you have any YouTube channels
or anything you want to shout out uh
iesous the question nice I like that's
that's a good one and look at you you've
arty right here you've already got your
shirt on you're awesome extra marley
hair very nice as requested and what's
your name Patrick do you have anything
you'd like to say no I don't think so I
was pretty good that was really good I
think he just looked just a proud moment
on the vlogs that's pretty much it well
nice to meet you oh that's a really good
face that's the face of a conqueror come
on guys you can do it okay I'm that
chick fully getting dinner I guess and
look how awesome her costume is what's
your name and why are you dressed like
leg
nice name
I scream know everyone I have this in my
closet I'm like really it's so cold I'm
leaning your head out you're in the
shadows there we go we got the bun it's
awesome thank you so much oh it went
back down it did that whole Paranormal
Activity thing where just came up up to
here and made the weird noise dang it
I'll get it later so I stopped to eat
and not be driving while I'm eating and
look what's outside my window hey guys
these things are so big if you guys have
never seen these before they're I mean
we've shown them in the blogs but if you
haven't ever seen our vlogs or ever seen
these birds are called sandhill cranes
and they mate for life and these things
are like three feet tall they are giant
oh man they're so huge hey dude and that
is Close Encounters of nature in the
CTFxC video for today Danny's coming up
to my window I just for the first time
ever did Dirty Birds and I knocked the
whole dirty what's it called
were you just teaching dad how to play
Angry Birds huh didn't her play that
uses my dad was on on the Internet's I'm
on the old lines
online and he saw this Angry Bird
trailer that has a crapload of using
like what Angry Birds
haha oh do one now go next one next
level I'll slingshot it I have what at
the pigs see the pigs see you knocked
him over good job I'll get the trailer
what last one over yeah nice nice shot
this is simple that I couldn't
understand for once in her life it is
not poop that she's rolling in thank God
having problems there you can't reach it
any more like no I got to turn it round
eat all this firewood hey so I just
bought a new car you like it I just
stole it and then put all her packages
now it's Justin's Allie's running some
errands and I got a driving his car
I always feel I don't know if this is
like this for anybody else but I feel
like when I'm driving somebody else's
car or nevermind in my hair
this is why I need to get a haircut look
at this look at this it's like Donald
Trump's to pay my head anyway oh yeah
driving other people's cars freaks me
out but I really want Starbucks that I
know everyone wants to merge so I have
to go to the post office taking one for
the team okay how do put gas his car
there's a little lever where's the lever
lever there oh there is oh let's quick
push down my first car so I was just
looking at my Twitter and all my
@replies and Andrew he made a good point
on day 697 I took you guys I took your
nose
I took your nose and for like almost
three four hundred videos later days
later like a year later I still have to
give it so you don't want I want to
apologize and I want to give you guys
your nose back okay I want to properly
give your nose back so here here's your
nose I'm sorry I didn't mean to keep it
so long okay I apologize you guys drink
it you forgive me right I this is why
you got a hat repot you got to have me
on your Twitter get a follow me on
Twitter so you can let me know these
things but I screw up like that geez
got your nose what did you get I go
you're using a dart Tilson well it's
sharp I love like getting packages
Brandon yes
oh my one coconut because I'm always
drinking it they just sent me three box
oh my god how many oh my god the father'
coconut water you're gonna repeat in
tropical I have 36 bottles of coconut
thank you one appreciate it man doesn't
have enough coconut water as it is so
thanks guys anymore least our bathroom
you gonna smell good
like coconut PE it doesn't smell uh-huh
and that's what you do with 36 bottles
of coconut water
35 bottles of coconut water
it's a whirlybird that a bird Zoey not
really a bird took it took it took it
took a chicken
why am i doing a train noise okay I
guess I can't make oh like a helicopter
no hey so I'll just go to that
apparently there's like a chase going on
around the place
so we're tapping into the police scanner
with an app but there's always an app
for something you can add a space doing
the oil place the oil face yeah weird
Zoey got high alert Marley keep hiding
this is why I love technology so much
like I'm just like talking to Justin and
dot dev I'm like you know what I would
if they have an app for that of course
they do they catch up
I feel like this is like a real episode
of cops I'm just like listening to it
and then watching it that's kind of
crazy
yeah Zoe go help him you're police dog
it's like okay squirrel I can get it
it's a squirrel I'll get it
well she's going she's looking at the
wrong thing is that the right word and
throw you detective I have to show you
guys the funniest clip ever of Zoe alley
filmed it on our iPhone so check this
out that should be voice that what I got
should download that clip and like
voiceover that that'd be pretty funny
how many times she's like rah rah rah
alright guys going into my man cave
gotta go in mom and kid cuz they're
actually Ally's recording I don't even
see me Ally's recording me she's gonna
be singing a song for adoptive video or
a movie so they're doing that now and I
got to be super quiet so I here's good
news guys so I leave I think for South
America on Monday oh thanks for opening
the door a little twerk before I leave I
need to get space cat out to Michael
Barnett the guy who's gonna be doing our
all the UM the music we're having you
know the music for it and everything I
just want to make sure you guys are
prepared for this craziness it's gonna
be on youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
if you didn't know I had that channel
our skit channel it's where the wedding
video is actually and a lot of skits
that Ali and I do and friends and stuff
so if you're not subscribed youtube.com
slash Charles Trippy right here on the
screen uh put in the video description
go subscribe so that way when this goes
live
the second Barnet gives me the the
soundtrack the whatever you want to call
it a probably actually ally might have
to upload it along in South America if
he's done quick enough so you too
becomes escrow syrupy if you guys didn't
know a lot of you guys are new which is
hi my name is troubles I know a lot of
you guys are already subscribed but I
just this is from people just discovered
us specifically in the last couple
months because hopefully you know being
with we the kings and everything I would
have like four or five guys even on the
road to be able to do skits and we have
a bunch of really funny ideas so we're
gonna be doing so yeah make sure you
subscribe to that channel it's a cool
thing it's cool it's a cool channel it's
got a bunch of videos basically trust me
I learned my lesson
I'm not hyping this up at all I'm just
letting you know it's gonna be on that
channel cuz you guys are gonna think I'm
weird
Justin wrote this music right it's
really good dude you're just gonna have
to wait guys
wait what is that what is it's right on
your shoulder no it's right there now
it's everywhere
Walter son are you imagining things it's
probably something no Jill when you go
I'm like looking at the road the guy
they're chasing like what's that I don't
know I'm looking at like 5,000 like Cher
there we go by that auto-tuning right
there bigoted semi crap it's basically
this is your studio all the clothes yeah
all right get the work
chop chop but a pear landed six TVs
yesterday so I can do better all right
yes
with trippy
with charity
you
