okay so I'm trying to get these ducks
out of the way and they are relentless
they're nothing look at my new telling
me don't be mean
you jerk I think you should have to take
one out good I never rode well that
firewood is now wet hey guys good
morning I out of nowhere is this pouring
rain Walt stop now
not so bad now but it was like pouring
for like an hour so I decided to come
out here and do some editing you know
you just listen to the rain it's
actually really relaxing you know it's
just listening to the rain it's actually
really relaxing the other thing is when
rain comes in the middle of the day
though it makes me feel like I don't
feel it right now it's like maybe one
o'clock I don't want to run I know I
feel like just so lazy
every time I rains during the day I just
feel so lazy there's those little punk
Birds they're also messing with Zoey's
head they come and just fly outside the
screen like that but they usually go
down there
hope it's water it like right there and
just mess with her along with the
squirrel that goes right over there
screw it run in the rain all right so I
just went running oh they're doing the
finals of the movie they're trying to
come up with a title right now let's do
tomorrow right 13 okay well that's all
right jump into it anyone who makes
YouTube videos or movies or anything
knows the title is the most crucial
thing I know youtubers know that
specifically because you have to have a
knot like that's why we a lot of our
titles are always so ridiculous because
I mean essentially the title and the
thumbnail are like the movie posters
right and just like when you make a
movie you have to have an awesome movie
poster you wouldn't go see movie it was
just like movie starring blank blank
blank white background boring no one
would see it you have to have their like
eye catching like exciting that's why
our titles are we so ridiculous because
it's it's it's our movie poster plus I
think they're really funny
now okay speaking of funny am I the only
one like when you're running like when
you're
jogging or running and then all of a
sudden you fart do you laugh
hysterically because every time that
happens to me when I run I just laugh so
it's basically your own personal nitrous
boost it could be TMI but I know there's
somebody out there laughing right now
because they know they know oh I forgot
about this alright oh no I broke it okay
okay hold on keep it right there move
this over here
it's like what would I call the Lincoln
Logs Lincoln Logs or Lincoln Logs
Lincoln Lincoln mugs barking fail i'ma
get into shape Oh somebody wants sushi
down there I just can't all you want to
care it alright here you go
nope somebody else is coming there you
go Garrett drop it now Charles is our
chopping some stuff to make sure your
mom's making fun of my hair I wanna see
you too Lauren nice nice no it is
Internet
should I get a haircut yes no obviously
should grow a hair out I said the top
part yeah but you don't wear it like
that though when it goes down and gets
greasy Internet decide my other side
otherwise Wow awkward guy I'm gonna get
this out of here cuz this is just not
seasonal so I'm gonna snip snip all the
little branches off and use them as
kindling for fire cuz toot these things
go up like crazy they burn like crazy
don't try that at home plus you have a
really big backyard and then ask your
pants and maybe you can oh I thought
that's how you were planning on cutting
it I was sitting here in disbelief
thinking that's how you're gonna do it
quiet okay
this is very boring you should do
something like just light it on fire or
something now don't take your finger do
the like thing on fire outside the house
of course here you guys Oh as I see if
she likes it
no denied if I throw it doesn't make it
more enticing nope
alright well I'll wait for my rice for
my sushi and Ali does her little
trimming thing I feel like we should
that you know what I'm gonna do one of
the number one things for you guys were
asking us to do with the boxes I'm gonna
build a giant barricade in front of my
garage and then ramp and that ramp good
I don't have a ramp but ride this right
through it like a wall why not
alright guys this is how we're gonna end
the vlog now we're gonna wind down the
vlog at least giant wall mini bike
myself yeah
nevermind that'll have to wait Marley
don't cucumber he's weird you out as
much as they weird me out it's like it's
like they're the youngins there that I
haven't grown up to be pickles yet you
know you could not have any sushi
no sushi for y'all thank you came out
pretty good in oh yeah steam coming out
whoa forgot the lens yeah there we go
that's munch on some greens over here
and we are preparing other rice as well
we've got some yellow rice going over
here oh goodness
awesome they're gonna think all we do is
cook an eighth no food all the time
that's not like you done at all sure
you're sure now how many was that they
don't actually count it
and the final one you know we've been a
lot easier just to burn it we should
just leave this year and see what people
say when they walk in the house look at
my giant stick
it's a giant stick whoa when did I get
so good Joey it's a giant stick
there you go dog the most expensive
stick you'll ever have all right I want
to work on this end and I'll get to the
other end in five years no carry me to
the bathroom happen you ready don't jump
just fine
look at my feet oh you know you can
honey and break my nose oh oh we're not
gonna make it Who am I ever come in here
come on the party so this is what I'm
working oh oh and all kinds of yeah you
missed first gross so it's what should
we do okay is there a toy under there is
there a toy or is it Marley what's under
that oh it's a ball that's it they find
it ah found it here yeah that what you
wanted thank you
honestly is the exact same thing it's
dream and look that one actually squeaks
that one doesn't squeak no you want that
one now no I want the broken one please
yeah the broken ones cool
what is cool I feel like we have cat no
get off the bed
get off the bed yeah Wow
the night is still young that's better
wait do we have any helmets good I'm
gonna try to do an angle whoa
and Al's gonna try to get an angle
ladies and gentlemen my husband is five
and it's adorable you should probably
put one hand on the brake and film with
the other hand
you're good I know what to do
turn it off shut it out you see the skin
mark over all the other boxes we'll see
you guys tomorrow
Oh any other bright ideas with the boxes
let us know in the comments I'll
probably do it see you guys tomorrow
good night figured italic goodnight glad
you still alive
wait
worse
giddy with y'all trippin
with Zoey
you
