hey guys welcome to day 3001 yes 2001
this morning I woke up first off Amazon
screwed up in 72 grills not too angry
about that but also I don't know if you
guys remember at VidCon that remote
control company Traxxas let us play
around with their remote control cars
what they said that they do is make
special custom cars and I think one's
gonna be a lizard and one's gonna be a
squirrel so I got a I got to see what
these look like I'm pretty stoked and
you can see I am NOT with Charles I am
on my way here Orlando valentina and I
decided that they would be a great day
for us to have kind of a girls evening
she has to get a few things done before
the baby comes
so we're going to do a few little girly
things and you better believe Charles
something on it we're doing a very very
special smell thing so they gave us
stand by this in case for cosmic headed
it is good and they made a
lizard lizard' one for diesel to chase a
now here's so I give the repeller that's
what it is
squirrel one for Marley that's funny
I know you're looking discouraged so
even they get to chase any once you want
probably won't actually even want to
treat me it's quite look at me but you
know I don't really want to do that I
want to go wait for Ali to do this but I
got a very impatient she went to our
Landau's will hang out with Don
Tina I have like a little girl thing
well the drove her away
the guy will play and the most
appropriate sentence the Russian
probably I will be busy later and I
guess my only hope is that Marley still
gets interesting these things to sees
that we can love Jason
so many times I can make it go in a
circle so I finally made Earl and I was
like three hours of course I know it's
not your fault I was telling Valentina's
and there's a strange like period of
traffic in Tampa that's not a normal
thing but of course I had to hit it
Misun Tina's here Nichkhun - pretty ring
do some fun stuff today I'm going to go
underwear shopping push down very sexy
and awesome but we're probably getting
more comfortable indoor get it D get it
look it's a lizard come on buddy let's
go side the lizard s gone nope nope
don't like those lizards they run too
fast
yes you are
now I got to get somewhere else the
grass is too long here for once I can
say my yard is actually two of URIs or
lush that something won't work
usually that never happened it's so hard
to do this one-handed it's cracking me
up though okay no don't Ali is healthy
get it Zoey
Rhodes ah it's great like what's that in
your hand
you like chasing lizards this one just
happens to move how sick nope not going
to do this I'm going to jump up here
don't make me do it cuz I just told Ali
it takes the car to Orlando I'm kind of
stuck inside right now because if I go
outside it's still hot is like 95
degrees right now
so going outside it's not ideal since
yesterday would say 3000 I figured today
I'd want to say it can have a break but
today I can like take a little bit
easier without being kind of rude I feel
like I kind of deserve to have a base
little chill day here we are and I feel
like my husband's favorite section of
Victoria's Secret which is the underwear
section Valentino and I were just
talking about how we want to get like
really comfortable underwear service
record of sorts granny panties because
this is the most comfortable thing ever
so we're more like hi guys are not going
to like that I think that see we're here
because after Thompson has murdered
she's comfortable underwear guys might
understand girls do I don't want
everyone you're not getting everyone you
will not let that happen you know do you
feel that you've got your quoting put on
good ugly underwear on to it yes they
are not ugly they're very pretty this
probably makes women excited about
childbirth this afterwards you know yes
for your company but mounting is like am
I getting everyone I'm going to pretty
one longer out there will be like no
don't do it don't do it
she might be learning a lesson here to
today but we'll see so I'm going to try
to get our little travel grill ready for
the RV because we leave for the RV trip
a week from now and we're going to be
gone I shouldn't I'm sure we actually I
need to find a map that's what I
actually need to find so we can start
figuring that out right now we have
ideas where we're going but which we're
going to have first and all that fun
stuff so we need to like kind of come up
with some sort of mapping things but I'm
finding out that get a map just a
regular plain map is I want to say
impossible but it's next to impossible
like I've gone to Walmart I've gone to
Target I've gone to
and nobody sells them yes it kind of fun
nobody cares about maps in the United
States they mark all that it's a cool
color so I got antique green kind of
like my base because Ali likes green so
much let's get this going hopefully
there's not much I had to do Oh a little
bit Hey
right where the wheel little wheel hit
oh no there
okay so I'm going to use this thing
tonight I need to find propane but the
problem is these tiny little things but
I have to use in order for this in the
work
I think we're stocked up for at least
this trip hopefully since the girls
weren't all for it right now I figured
this guy would probably want to chase a
raccoon you ready for bud oh my grass is
too long and there's like little that's
me Oh put into bags
what is it go get if any are very lucky
in a threat to educating funny in the
caucuses nope don't like you more no
more no more so he tried to jump through
the screen I didn't know I thought he
would be the one to go after him I
thought he would do like he wants to do
it he looks scared but then once it goes
he wants to go after it and he's gone it
just looks so funny with the raccoon on
top of this well you had fun chasing it
a little bit yeah once we showed him if
this thing actually squeaked he got a
little more excited poor Valentina has
swollen teats that she's trying to find
her tips they're not hungry so the era
thief doesn't he done with coffee that's
okay there's one thing I was obviously
at my sister's house and I forgot my
camera so I'm using my phone right now
because I'm an idiot
I completely got a go pick up medication
today another fun story they gave me the
wrong medication
thank God I looked at the label to the
dad come on going on the golf cart cha
cha good actually saved my ass you say
when sit down
kind of nice today
Ally's off doing stuff for the girls day
so I was able to have kind of today
she'll do nothing kind of getting done
gay I kind of mapped out a little bit
more for the trip that's next week
I think I'm going to do a lot more one
allegation they need to get a foldable
map like a paper map and I want to
spread it out so we can say okay I'll go
here I want to go here I can just kind
of take a marker and just trail the
areas that I kind of want to go you know
I'm actually kind of fitting a line like
a marker and still hit that big fan so I
don't want to do a sum of the wicking
tour work like and they feel the
connects to the dark and domestic death
event how I do that
hello I criticize tagging happen how
glad I looked in there alright thanks
thank you so what I've been doing lately
is I walk these guys for about a mile
and just kind of warm up and then I go
home and then I come back out and I run
a mile so I do that in the morning and
then I do it at night that's become kind
of a little ritual myself just trying to
get into I don't want to say like super
healthy which is a healthier lifestyle
to stay inactive
I mean without being on tour because
usually when I'm on tour I'm like the
most healthy I've ever been like walk
tour I am literally the most healthy I
could possibly be on because on tour I
just don't drink or do anything like
that and you're just constantly sweating
so when I'm not on tour I feel kind of
sluggish and lazy I try to like stay
active and kind of do a little bit of
exercising running specifically because
I like running a lot the top of the fact
Ally and I have like a little
competition for running and she's
kicking my blood right now like big time
although yesterday I actually did my
best mile which was 8:45 I think my
all-time best smile is 728 that's
honestly my best smile I've ever run and
if you can run faster than that please
tell me in the comments because I want
to see who who can do it thought that
was actually pretty fast but I don't
know
I think Ali's fastest is probably like
7:30 I think she can be because she get
those long freaking legs let's find out
in the comments right now I want you
guys to tell me what your fastest
all-time mile is if I'm actually winning
your goal by the end of this month yeah
it's almost over it is to beat me see
what I mean she's totally crushing me
I'm nineteen point six miles behind
that's insane she's destroying alright
guys well Ally's on her way home right
now she should be back in a minute but
I'm going to end the video because I'm
going to go watch some TV and just kind
of relax like I said today just needed
it kind of like a little break just a
step back a little bit you know just
enjoy the day just get some
behind-the-scenes stuff done I know you
guys totally totally understand so I
don't need to sit here and explain
myself over and over again thank you so
much for watching if you missed
yesterday's video 3003 set 3000 vlogs
sorry been having a hard time saying
that you have no idea how many cuts it
took me this
say that in yesterday's video 3000th
can't do it I will see you guys tomorrow
please don't forget to subscribe and
wait as I say subscribe subscribe let's
have a hard time right now have a good
night bye guys
you
