good morning everyone I just got an
important email from scooter giving all
the hotels that were gonna be staying in
South America and guess what every one
of them has internet ready we're gonna
high-five on this one too yeah basically
I was really scared that I wouldn't be
able to get my footage back to Ali but I
don't know how fast it's gonna be but
the good news is the the few dates that
were I think we're out there ten days in
South America so like all over the place
it's good if you didn't know we're the
Kansas would be towing down South
America so I go to we the kings
music.com slash tore up a link down
there there are we putting more tour
dates and to get the iPhone app it's
free and that way you always get the the
tour dates when we announce them because
there could be a US tour coming up soon
don't know dude
really you got those amazing little
couches and you're up there double check
I'm having Ally proofread everything and
make sure it says internet available
what look okay you ready for me to
translate yeah Wi-Fi there you go oh the
big giant logo Internet free Wi-Fi knows
apartment shows what does that mean yeah
I mean I mean that's just like a
horrible translation but I'm pretty sure
it means like free internet in our
apartments and I rinse oh I see okay
alright for you there
remember how my new year's resolution
was to run at least a few miles every
single day ten and I just want to show
you I'm really proud this is actually
the first time I've actually stuck with
a New Year's resolution so here's my
history so I did three point nine today
actually a little bit more one point
eight three point four three point three
six one point to this latest I'm so
proud of myself I feel like if I keep
updating you guys you'll keep motivating
me like say on this and it turns a turn
I hope to keep motivating you guys to
keep your resolutions so if you feel
like you're kind of losing it type it
again in the comments and that way if
you keep writing it you keep seeing it
and keep remembering you won't forget I
think we can do this guys this could be
2012 could be the year that everyone at
least that all the CT of X years or
maybe most of the CD
next year's keep their New Year's
resolution I think we can do it
where's your squirrel friend just
girlfriend here I want to go side look
at her she's this daring waiting for
Ally to come out barley where is she she
coming out yet you know she said she
would she's a lawyer drinking out of
your handmaid Zoe ball yeah she actually
prefers that more outside than the one
inside she's spoiled and a brat
Internet help us out there's got to be
something cool we can do with all these
boxes this is like just a quarter we
have another I think this times four
more so you could think of any awesome
video that we can do using all these
boxes tell us in the comments now
because I I can't let this go too late
it's just a prime opportunity right are
you setting right now not too happy come
on guys come on it's not that scary
I know come on come on
look at that can barely hear you wait
let me hear you come on Marley come on
we'll be running around the corner
Marley here you barely barely can hear
them
barley come here cookies
so much quieter yeah you're gonna sneak
attack mode marlis sneak attack mode
alright everyone today is mission I need
to get an adapter for South America and
all the countries in Europe so I would
be able to you know keep my phone and my
my car my car my computer charged taking
the car charger anyway so I'm gonna
maybe try to get that here I have no
idea I have no idea where to get I blast
time I bought it was for Spain and that
was like three years ago I forgot where
I bought it who distracted distracted oh
no I don't think they have it all we
have is American ones
do I love you
alright which one we get one that has
that has to have South America
international Europe
wait okay wait Africa Asia Australia
Caribbean New Zealand I think this will
work
all right well what okay well to be
honest I don't feel too comfortable
plugging in my computer and my phone and
all my life wood so I'm gonna probably
maybe try Best Buy we might go to find
something a little bit but over there
I'm not really even sure what I'm
looking for because like I said that was
like three or four years ago when we
bought that stuff last time and I
actually don't even remember I know I
lost it also but yeah if you guys try a
little travel a lot actually know what
they look for and stuff like that like a
brand or anything please let me know in
the comments down there and then that
way we can ensure that the yeah that the
vlogs don't blow up while we're on tour
that would actually be really awful well
sorry guys I couldn't I couldn't film
anything because I blew up my camera but
I just got random good news you want you
want to see it you remember these guys
do you remember these guys when we did
the CT FX cinema I just got a random
email from them
to let you guys know something okay so
the biggest thing about CTFxC am i
hardly turn the light on always never
turned light okay is that it the hardest
part we're here we're having with a CT
FX cinema last year was that it wasn't
available and like all the countries it
was like mainly just the United States
and then I think Canada and now now this
is the email I wanted to let you guys
know now it's available in the UK and
Ireland because we're gonna reboot CT FX
innama once Ali's done with all the
merch we're gonna restart it because
we've been getting a lot of emails
asking if it was coming back and yes
once you get all kind of that you know
caught up with everything it will but I
wanted let you guys know if you wanted
to try Netflix if you've never tried
before or you want a free trial if you
go to netflix.com slash CTFxC right here
on the screen you can try if you're in
the United States Canada Ireland and the
UK so eventually you'll get everywhere
but it's one of those you guys know so
if you want to try it out before the
Cinema Club is coming up there you go so
yeah that's pretty good news I thought
it was cool and you know you know I
would like to I like to say that I I
made it happen but it's really that's
not true not true at all but we could
say yeah the CTFxC made it happen
hey guys is what I'm on a hot date
tonight don't don't tell Ally oh wait
there she is we got a date guys first
time we've gone out together in like a
month
date night the date night was three
Tuesdays from last Tuesday
hey I did enjoy making place like
inappropriately spicy yeah well no some
kind of salsa
here's medium right the chain goes well
what are you guys Spicer than that and
like they all start speaking Spanish and
they bring this plastic thumb you can
see the oil is certain real no no you
must indulge is it humming out it's not
all right it's not delicious then it
tastes like plywood no I really good
yeah thank you
thank you it's on there now give me
crying about well thank you Thank You
Shan the longest clip I think of the day
I try to because Charles like I try to
try to gain he convinced me to eat it
again
sir coffee yeah
everyone say happy birthday cake I
washed my dates she took you well I got
all the food in one jalapeno hey what
are you doing over there shame what are
you doing over there close up here what
right now this is our second language
future whacks there hello she's allowed
to do this because it's our birthday
otherwise I would women okay Danny
remember what we were talking about guys
about making like a fort we come back
from the restaurant and Dennis came over
and was already building that's awesome
is this your new fort huh it's pretty
amazing
whoever this company is you should just
send just like 50 of these things we'll
fly them all down
apparently Lauren I just pointed out
somebody tweeted me I got that that
iPhone video this is why you need to
walk look at my iPhone channel because I
posted an iPhone exclusive chick clip
the day before we did it and and made it
to FoxNews cream all over yeah both
Korean Air's know yeah yeah check it out
guys pretty random yep so Zoe versus
Carter so make sure you're following on
our iPhone channel because I have no
idea that's so random right Danny's in
love yeah I'm certain to believe that
you are a pyromaniac oh okay that's hot
no everyone sucks in it
now everyone's done it don't worry I'm
not calling you
so after what the AMA has happened a
couple times this is going to look
amazing
yourself in the ball are you rapping
Marley's the rest
we got Yoda over here fingers on the
laces answer your phone hello no I just
like the whole hello hello good jobs oh
gosh you're supposed to play football in
the house it's mine now here's my new
parking area so this way they don't stay
I have to basically stay inside here see
if it works
and for anyone pointing out and are
concerned I didn't drink I can drop of
alcohol I've made Ally I was pissed but
I was being what was a handicap
so don't reinjure hide all right see if
this works
we add ah sweet all right whatever
you know now we got a fort all right
that's one use any more uses let us know
in the comments and we'll try to build
them
alright guys it's time to go to bed I'll
see you tomorrow good night
with children
with trippy and airy
