hey guys good morning so last night I
wasn't feeling too good so I made a
doctor's appointment and today was
feeling better and hi I literally almost
tried to call in sick to cancel a
doctor's appointment so collectively
guys let's just do a facepalm one two
yeah I did that anyway I'm feeling much
better
yeah I think I got sick or I started
feeling kind of crappy because of
jumping in the 58-degree water
who knew sorry my stupid GPS keeps
yelling at me can you guess where I'm
going any any guesses any guess is that
all right stop interrupting me yeah I
guess you know it's really funny I feel
like for as much time as we spend at the
post office I feel like we could be
honorary members they think honorary
members of the Postal Service we should
you need like a song that we can chant
when we're doing all the merch
sending out mercs the CTFxC is all over
the world fin de can wear them and be
super cool because wearing the merge
makes you super cool and all the super
cool kids wear them so we are going to
send it to you all the merch up cross
though well I just spit out there's more
over there all right
okay there you help look at you strong
woman Milan I just won got our insurance
taken care of since we got married and
the guy a guy whether clients came in
and gave us like I don't know how many
wait you don't like tomatoes right
we like to process right so this is like
half way scary then do it I'll give
twenty twenty bucks no just do it
this is the thing but I like tomatoes
right joke's on you true I enjoy them so
we're gonna try to make homemade salsa
and spaghetti sauce and things like that
so hey that's pretty cool definitely one
of the weirdest ones have you ever heard
of the ones where like if you open up a
checking account and something's in some
city and some like rural rural area when
you open up a checking rule anyway so
when you open up a checking account this
specific bank you get a shotgun
what no joke no joke google it Google
the Google I
yay making a fire seriously
well lighter fluid I'm obsessed I'm
obsessed with making fires and Zoe is
obsessed with watching me make fires who
is that who's that what's what what do
you want loser my bad I see flames oh
there's a flame sweet get more lighter
foot you don't need it it's already lit
but I want to put a lighter fluid it's
so nice when you don't have to because
it smells bad but it doesn't look as
cool agreed
great agreed I'm not gonna pay in the
death cuz she's gonna agree with you you
want any bit on the outside no no no
yeah yeah what if he was powerful nice
it's sterile I don't want to be anywhere
near daddy as he uses lighter fluid
please come on he's got food lots of
pasta yeah Marty come here come here
do you not feel good today what's wrong
she hasn't been feeling good all day
today What's Wrong sweetie madam our
d-day this an off day for Marley okay
let's go go get some food wait now she's
under there oh she's gone for sale she's
getting you from every angle now he's a
little kindling
see kids this is what's called a
newspaper they used to write like news
on it but they don't exist anymore I
think it's beautiful it's like snow hey
guys yes
never mind that I'm in the bathroom
right now I was just I just kind of
wandered in here I remember how I was
saying we were gonna do like what was
that did somebody just fall okay go
something talking about like free iphone
apps I got another one for you coming
full circle the reason why I was in here
was because I was playing it and then
how I walked in here to brush my teeth
and then I just I sat down because I was
getting addicted
it's called brisk saber it's like light
saber it's kind of like the murmur like
that was that the one where you had like
the the sword and really got the fruit
something they took a bad idea and made
it so much better and and they made it
Star Wars
so okay look at this basically you can
select everything here but we turn the
light off
can you guess you better oh you did get
a little Mantic in here you can be the
dark side or the light side you can't
get to all the lightsabers right now
they like unlock like every month or
every couple weeks they unlock watch
what happens oh oh this is the other
thing you have epic battles let's go to
the dark side walk dog side all right
sorry guys I'm just like really obsessed
for this game no nope nope go away you
know look at the powers watch this
Oh
oh good save y'all Jackson here yeah I
just wanted to tell you guys it's called
brisk saver I'll put it down the link
down there in the video description you
can download it for free for the iPhone
iPod iPad and Android phones so okay
here's the thing
my high score is 1800 okay
download it see if you guys can beat me
I was 1800 on the dark side went once
you play it tell me in the video the
comments down there what you guys got
you're not gonna be 1800 on the dark
side yeah on the light side the Jedi
side you might be able to but not the
dark side so yeah there's your app of
the week and it's uh it's not available
only to the iPhone so I was listening I
was listening so go check it out guys
dad are you gonna pass out yet are you
gonna pass out
don't pass out keep doing it till
Charles comes in are you playing the
guitar that's that's one way to dry your
hair Miley's like whoa whoa there she
goes oh my god oh my god that looks so
fun get your butt over here oh yeah girl
looks like a nightmare that's like every
kids worst nightmare oh I don't I don't
have any get dragged out by a giant
monster no ever in the comments you guys
know I love beat making pizza and I make
it the same time every single time and I
was like I was thinking since we had to
grill
so I'm actually by the way I didn't go
to get that going since we have this
grill
and I haven't really used it at all
except at one time where I completely
mangled everything I'm gonna see about
making a grilled pizza just like I'm
gonna put the dough on the the grates
and see that it's actually possible I
have good faith and I mean we have
enough Tomatoes maybe we can just make
it tomato I could show my own sauce next
time good you turn the gas on first then
you turn on high then ignite it right
that doesn't seem very confident gas on
turn it on see see what I mean and I
just saw a final destination recently
guy the kid blows up
there's an electric start so yours on
the turn you said turn the gas on I'm
probably gonna blow up what do you got
there oh no it's my headlamp gives a get
it so good sir
Justin's doing a live show over here hey
is my grilling it's my grilling thing
right here oh my god that's so bright
it's from your dad
yeah that's pretty dad of course who
else would bring this over can we turn
it on good one wait please will blow up
good one turn okay well good news is
there's a pool okay we need to turn it
on - oh night okay ah I did it okay
let's do another one
whoop and for pizza I think we only need
to do three
oh I'm wanting you to clean that grill
it's so disgusting this seems like a
really bad idea I don't care I don't
live by the by the rules so I guess we
gotta scrub this crap now all right so
the key is I have to do the dough first
and then I have to put the ingredients
on so I have to get it all situated so I
got some goat cheese this time get it
all glamorous never mind this degrees
they can go to 500 ah Jesus probably
that right I don't know you're asking
wait a minute you don't know what I'm
doing I don't think we'll see what he's
on but it's the first thing in you put
the non o olive oil side on son of a
bitch Oh dad are both good oh nice look
it looks like a tortilla your and I got
tongs where my tongs I can do it with my
bare hands hold on this is just not a
good idea here
walk around me what do you think that
looks pretty decent you gotta flip it
over now
yeah yeah that's pretty awesome ah my
man points are going up a lot higher
okay here we go okay very cool pizza by
chef Charles a little more goat cheese
that's like really bad though
Thank You vast yeah you know how like
what's a call that stone oven that's
what it's like this brush works okay on
that yeah it worked fine are you ready
for this guys this is gonna be the best
pizza I've ever made look at this looks
just like like that party got a little
burn so I gotta turn it down a little
bit next time but ah it just I'm turning
into a griller
I'm turning don't man do I get my okay
everyone Doug wait wait do I get it do I
get it
yes achievement points for being a man
and you I get it eventually
don't move truth huh know what I do on
board
I'll make hummus oh god I'm really bored
so I'm making fresh hummus baby
you're making enough fresh hummus that's
right yeah you're making that fresh
hummus for like the whole world all I
mean there's four people living in this
house now and dot like summers I think
and I think Justin does I just I love
hey my man points are going up and down
up and down but to the point if I'm the
one editing the videos I'm getting all
these achievements look at it though
just aren't so straight on the counter
just slap go ahead on the counter
let's definitely I need my apron
that's where I should have used your
apron your cupcake y-yeah good luck you
beat my score yet what's your high for
1800 Oh may the force be with you oh I
get you I get you Samuel Jackson that's
exactly what I said um excuse me I don't
really think you're supposed to be on
that but she's helping my mom sitting
right disemboweling oh oh so you
murdered it you murdered it you did you
just crushed it and she tore it apart
yes you're from we're very proud of you
just sitting up there did I catch you
doing something what what's wrong with
your foot they catch you doing something
to your foot we're eating your chicken
leg huh you're so weird
if you do with your toe you feeling
better
was it oh that's the bus Kissimmee it's
just really nice sleep Flossie never go
to bed it's quite late hope you guys
enjoyed the video and all that fun stuff
do make sure to check out the game and
uh I'll see you guys tomorrow you know
what before I leave we've been doing a
lot of achievement points and I feel
like you guys the viewers need an
achievement point so here you go yep
that's for you guys for being awesome
and watching us all the time and just
being all-around cool people so there
you go
well we'll keep we'll keep giving you
more see you guys tomorrow
good night
worse
with y'all trippin
with trippy Harry
you
