what is happening the birds Oh God and
they swooped over her and she look at
her she freaked out what's happening
they're all just going to tree landing
and then leaving they've been doing this
all morning but this is the first time
the dogs been out here we've lived here
how many months time to do it oh my god
don't put them in there honey old look
at the thermometer Charles yeah oh my
honey okay let me turn the shower on
hold on oh my god you're insane
okay yeah don't do it again Charles
Marlon's are not happy about this oh I'm
sting locked locked out how small are
your balls right now okay now a
challenge of getting the shit are tough
okay oh my god your shirt is freezing
it's cold I'll take your pants up
husband right here xa you know I feel
like doing right now it I can't hear you
hold the camera using Johnston was how
you guys sexy Marley won't come anywhere
near me now she's afraid hey what's on
your butt what what do I pull Marlena
pull your tail what do I do okay yeah
got it
Swink she knows when the cameras on her
and she just acts adore all right
Charlie Sheen he's been addicted ever
since she got this thing she's been
making waffles I give it it's a
crossover only people that do this one
gonna be always seen as good one you got
the camera filming the camera Satan
Birds they're all over the place they're
over there now let me go over to that
one then they go over to that one
all right day three it was day three or
four you ready what what I've been
reading in the comments that a lot of
you guys have been trying to like remind
me that we should do kind of a male blog
because we haven't done one obviously
I've known one this year and we
definitely haven't done one in a while
so we have all these stuff all these
packages right here I think we should go
through especially before I leave for
South America in like a week so yeah you
can click right here and it'll take you
to the male vlog or at the end of the
video it all just remind you so we will
do a male blog today right
does that ringing coming from where is
it coming from in here welcome back if
you went back and watched the male vlog
and now you're coming back here if not
make sure you watch it cuz you got to
see some of the stuff we got I'm gonna
be playing with it right now do you guys
remember winning I think we're at Toys R
Us with like Danny and collating myself
and we saw this flying shark where it's
like swims in the air it's like a blimp
and we were saying how awesome it was we
should get it for a tour bus somebody
actually you'll see this in the mail
vlog what I'm talking about
but somebody actually sent it to us so
I'm gonna I'm gonna build a flying shark
right now direct I need to go get helium
go and check it out somebody else made
this too using our poster design that's
so cool
alright we're on a mission we got to get
this this shark balloon filled up with
helium so I can fly it around and it
would be awesome it will be awesome it
will definitely will become awesome
alright time to go get this filled up
actually Justin was just telling me did
you guys know there's a helium shortage
in the world which is kind of weird I
never thought there'd be like a scarcity
of helium so I don't know if they'll do
this for free or not but random fact
right google it what would this world be
like without healing actually helium
such a random thing like what are you
using I know there's gotta be other
things other than like party
and stuff like that I know the clown
industry would take a hit because this
do not drop it do not don't drop it
do not let go do not let go do not this
is nerve-racking please I'm just having
to hold it like this like I almost I
think I took the guys the entire tank
with it too
all right well we got a big giant shark
everyone around here is up where's my
car
what hell's my car oh great am I gonna
have to fly this thing home all right
well yeah that's not gonna be a hazard
at all what good thing I held it wow
that could have been bad all right now
to put this baby together
we got the fins on it I thought I was
right I thought it was good sneeze I we
had the fins
hell yeah
look it's floating perfectly ah
alright now we gotta get this beast
going what is that Zoey yeah it's huge
would never fit on the tour oh okay okay
yeah right obviously The Barking isn't
working Zoey maybe if you're quiet it'll
do better no the dog is just staring at
it well that was a success we are
preparing a feast that made this delish
salad we are preparing the feast that
made this delish
salad plate with apple tomato onion and
a mole
we've got pasta over here and I'm
whipping up some more garlic bread you'd
best rock right over I was improvising
one day because I didn't actually have
any garlic bread and I just took like
some butter lemon juice and garlic mix
it perfect more pasta chef Dontos tester
Zoe those look like cupcakes this is
crazy
Holly's making her favorite favorite
garlic bread it's world-famous guys
Cheryl's like I will give you 50 bucks
if you just Justin yeah no don't say
that cuz we will all eat that I'm not
joking it's 50 bucks to just drink a
shot of that this cute little family
dinner got stop talking now because
talking equals not eating so I'm gonna
are you ready for your special gift
which hand again I don't burn don't
bring your phone up okay we're hand
now you can legitimately get chocolate
well tallahassee as we used to have
remember in between we would have those
it's that's so funny because we just
opened a bottle of wine that's horrible
so now we'll drink this oh that's its
chocolate milk it's a dull chocolate no
yes you can literally chocolate wasted
way too short
swimming above the water yeah
so they consisted below my get whatever
do it now
this is Zoey's new favorite toy oh right
sorry
go get it where'd he go hope it's right
there sweet there up up
got it got it got it got it got it bring
it back bring it back drop it
good job okay that's really weird it's
just how it's just like staying there
well guys it's time to go to bed like I
said I could promise you okay first off
I want to talk to you guys real quick
because I was remember yesterday's vlog
I asked you to let me know the day that
you guys first discovered even one of my
channels or the CTFxC channel in general
like in general and I was just reading
like there's like three or four thousand
comments and I was just like skimming
through it and it's insane to think
about like how many people have been
watching since day one they were doing
videos like I'm not emo like pop punk
video but at long hair and all these
crazy videos that I did like in 2006 and
2007 it is insane but it's also really
cool reading the the comments saying
people founders for the wedding
you know everyone coming to the wedding
doing their log at the wedding and then
coming over and seeing who these people
were and I just want to say to the new
people welcome till the old people hey
hey I'm glad you guys are still here
I was just cuz I just wanted to say it's
pretty cool to think about in the past
three years we're coming up on our
fourth year how many years are we gonna
do this if I'm gonna be vlogging till
them 70 like I have a little bit Walker
with like like you know like um make
tennis balls on the end no but hey guys
oh those damn kids uh you know what I
mean I don't know but I'm just saying
it's it's cool but yeah like I mentioned
earlier we did an ale vlog so at the end
of this you can click it it'll take you
right to it I uploaded it probably just
before this video went live so make sure
you go check that out we got a ton of
cool stuff that's where we got the shark
that's where we got that cool thing and
a bunch of other cool stuff and yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow go check out
the mail vlog
and goodnight see you guys so just click
right here and check out the mail vlog
it should take you directly to it if not
it should be under the CTFxC channel
somewhere so yeah go check it out guys
enjoy the mail flog and we'll see you
tomorrow
like always good night
yes
with trippy
