hey guys so decided to bring everything
outside cuz it's really really super
nice out right now and try to take
advantage of everything and Ali's
getting ready yeah that's our intro this
is from dannika W from I can't tell but
dannika hey how's it go open it up try
to you do it oh you can do it no you're
not doing it all they're magnets custom
magnets that's really cool which ones
you mark up no Marley no Marley I'm
sorry that is cool
this is from Zoey look how she spells
Zoey Zoey D from Washington say a lot of
a lot of a wedding presents so far do
you feel really good at this that is
really cool a hinge it's not food I'm
hoping Marley I'm hoping Dalton V and
Apps that's cool
is that that where's that Benjamin
Franklin Franklin or George Washington I
can't tell who is that who is that
Justin who is the head it's Ben Franklin
thank you
he's got a mushroom head
oh cool you have a magnet for shrink
Crenn this is uh free-for-all here's
some promo codes to download is that for
free it's called shrink run on the App
Store hopefully one of them works look
at all those nuts hi this is from who's
this from I always yeah
freaking out the dogs are freaking out
all right this is from Clement all the
way from Hawaii and oh look at all this
those look like turtles there's two of
them so one could be yours one could be
mine or I could eat them all and then
drive dude so many nuts I've never seen
what an actual macadamia nut comes from
visit a tree tree just open this hey I'm
gonna put nuts in my mouth all right you
don't get into that oh good hey put some
nuts in your mouth
these are from Laura and Tony they
included some recipes for you to try to
make and I also did these mugs for our
wedding
it has our wedding day that mustaches
names and so when you drink I'm so cute
there's so much guys I'm not steak in a
long time the most intrigued with this
mail vlog than any other mail blog we've
ever done morning was I say stop Jeb
banging none what's that say South
America that means you wait what that
means you she literally she won't stop
she puts her face right in front she's
waiting for toys
she's like usually with this kind of day
you know I got a lot of toys Marley okay
how's their dog dogs hi Zoey I'm Zoey -
so that was from Emma and she's from
Georgia so Thank You Emma
she's his two dogs Zoe and Zachary she
wrote she wrote as a secret message to
Allie in Spanish yes yeah I couldn't see
it
who's this fella cute this is from Nixie
well maybe next year we'll be out
walking on top of the mail blogs a
little bit sooner that's that I promise
so I met him I actually Platte Planet
Trog and he got the whole band to sign
everything too so that's pretty cool
wait who's that for really Debbie and
her daughter this is a wedding gift and
an early housewarming gift
you love keys I love kids that's really
cool it's like the skeleton keys of your
necklace hey wanna not make a mess over
there yeah thank you
from Xander and Marley you hold out and
it was worth it the Photoshop oh is that
yeah they just like glued it on there so
it's like a wedding album the two dogs
for the dogs in sour food and Xander
also did that there you go she made that
as well mm-hmm
apparently she has like a home decor
thing like she can make stuff by hand
all right this is from Sarah from the UK
that's Ally's a I got an open mind while
I open that she made Zoe and Marley
Marley's already been nibbling on the
ear so we got to keep their way but
thanks Sara showing that this is from
Lauren from the UK it's so pretty it's
an ornament oh it's a christmas tree--
it's a christmas tree ornament wanna get
it out she won't eat it who's that fans
a package from this is from Dana Kay
like yeah my depth perception that is
awesome it's a Yoda bubblin
I call that that's going on my desk mmm
yeah but the people at Ohio calm sent
Ally a bunch of t-shirts that is
actually really funny backs the owner of
the site said if you go to Oh like oh hi
h i yeah y a.com and you use the coupon
code CTFxC you get twenty four twenty
percent off so that's pretty nice that's
awesome so thanks max okay this is from
i want to find out the guys name I think
it's Ron okay Ron from rwf company let
me put this together
dude this is crazy holy crap that's our
poster design into like hard plastic
that is really cool using the poster
design to Amy all the way in the UK you
and she makes she makes accutane I'm
doing it the Marley tactic you want to
help me you're just staring
marlis been at like helping the entire
time and Zoe's I don't know or just
boredom why are you bored you meditating
she made specific C's traders keychain
really and I'm assuming this is gonna be
for Ally because it's a turtle who's
that from - she dresses awesome picture
of you smashing my face nice she gave us
this really cool calendar of all these
really pretty pictures of the just
basically like landscape so that
hopefully we the kings to go to our
Australia again because the couple maybe
we could bring Ali I don't know I know
it's like one of my checklist Australian
Italy what's his name is win
Edward 11 months old I don't know why I
said it like that Tiffany in Florida
said Winston your boyfriend even were
gay but the theme song and a little
drawings on the pink surprise this
didn't actually come off in the mail
it's like rock was my Rocko's Modern
Life that's what it reminds me of and
Marley a brat under yours alright this
is from Tiffany this is her right there
and she said Allie a bunch of turtle
stuff this from Liz a lizard creations
it's a rub a marinated meat rub Mira
yeah that's awesome so I can do it on my
grill gonna be a man that could be
fantastic
George Foreman grills an option this is
really cool and it's gonna help me so
much from ru mmm and from my Electro's
direct coat UK and they said because I'm
gonna be uh like overseas a lot for a
tour a juice pack air so it'll charge my
phone so I don't have to like scramble
and not have a phone awesome and I'll
always be able to walk this is really
really thoughtful but yeah Electro's
direct coat UK and I guess you can buy
them there and then he also they did
this very cool yeah that's really nice
thank you this is from amber amber is 11
she made us this awesome picture look
mama this picture this is probably the
most adorable letter that we've ever
gotten
I've been fanned for a longest time you
are you got you are guys my idols PS I'm
11 PS I'm 11 most important part don't
you thank you very much amber we love
you okay ball hello Barney no wait
go Bulbasaur Charmander go I'm here I
could see what I'm doing I know if I'm
filming in the right place okay you
probably stopped actually she's like
Riley you're the doggie angel not the
doggie devil it's like is that an
oxymoron they have Marley dressed up his
angel oh it's just ironic yeah I guess
it would be like I don't care it's like
the best of all she doesn't care ever
whatever I know do stuff in here this is
from James from the UK thank you very
much James GAD Marley that some dog
treats I'm smelly snack on them and a
picture should ensure 6:00 so would we
have a race no it's not another thing
for you this is from Sofia where she
Florida Wow this crazy
I was very Betsey Johnson like right
there same like this that's so weird
that's definitely you that's so you
honey I saw you
she's an actress in Columbia and her
cousin made this for me
so that had you in mind this is like her
design for this is the alley she might I
mean she made trippy design that's
pretty cool this game all the way from
California uh Melanie Marsh and it's for
got Marley ball and then we got
now now it's a bigger bowl for Zoey
there we go yeah summers class so now
you guys have a bowl of water by the
pool
she'll be from Texas get Zoey and Marley
I don't know just a bunch of awesome dog
toys number Zoey's fleet number your
flea Marley ate it last time do you have
a baby flea boy what is that that's a
spider oh it's a tick yeah you get those
you get those socks and then we got some
we got some measuring tape so we can be
family men are they trained they're
translucent socks crazy
so this Thank You Shelby that's really
nice of you and some pop rockets oh so
final package of the mail blog and by
far these are amazing I already lost one
up there you see it it's on the roof
these things fly really hard do I get it
get it for me no she no it's up there
with oh my god is that what I think it
is Danny and I wanted to buy this on
tour this is a remote-control flying
shark it's a balloon and it flies around
like a blimp Danny I almost bought this
for the tour bus I think I think we
mentioned that who's this from
who's this from the @reply sign a and n
EK jensen je and Sen Wow wow this is
really cool I think Danny and I were
actually talking about this in a vlog
he's gonna be so jealous he's gonna be
so jealous
ah new toys all right guys that will be
it for this time of this episode of the
mail vlog if you haven't seen the
regular vlog yet I have dog hair all
over me just click at the end of this
they'll take you direct to the vlog but
yeah thank you guys for all the letters
and all the little packages and gifts
Zoey Marley are gonna have fun for a
while and all the food
so yeah thank you guys so much and I go
check out the vlog down see you guys
next time
you
