so we're here to get some stuff for the
merch right it's obviously packing today
morning dogface you want to go check out
you know what we've been living here for
how many months yeah we have yet to go
into the pool that's actually when
summer comes I want to redo the finish
that's like that dirt it's just like I
don't know the concrete got all goofed
up but I want to ask about getting that
off taking care maybe do like LEDs
around it and like the back to the TV
you know how like changes all the time
that'd be pretty cool let's see how cool
this little baby is oh you know just
59Â° no big deal yes maybe we're gonna
have to wait a little bit because I
thought these things were leashes for
kids you know like those little
backpacks that they trick you into
thinking are toys but they're really
leashes but check this one out
they plumb tuckered out are you guys
holding paws you ready for this
since the scroll keeps teasing you have
at it
hey come on be the dominating one okay
here's all your turn let her have it
turn you just kicked it it's over there
it's like I cannot figure this out well
get some of you on it go get it get it
get to work to work day three with a
ball that was awesome I'm sorry that the
girls aren't here he's looking all over
the place for him when he got your toy
he's like tool time tool time
hey wolf yeah my t-shirt you have a
friend
okay we'll see you see how this goes all
right it's working she's really gonna
chase a husky hey guys so I feel like we
haven't we haven't cheated enough today
it kind of uh okay
for some reason another okay internet
killed television on YouTube is under
like the show's category so it has like
seasons and for some reason or another
like I don't know the seasons got
screwed up so I spent like three and a
half four hours trying to organize that
I'm still not done Ali's been shipping
out hundreds of you know like hoodies
and t-shirts and things like that so
we're just been playing kind of catch-up
so I decided to take these guys out
sniff some butts you know no big deal
just sniffing butts and like how a lot
of you guys already know uh when I gets
kind of stressed out or if I have a lot
of things I have to like think about and
kind of work out I come to the dog park
cuz it's just it's kind of relaxing you
know I get to see all these cool dogs I
get to watch Zoe and Miley be complete
like kings of it they could just take
over everything especially a lot of
people's been watching these vlogs since
they at the beginning it was kind of
interesting because when I was doing all
the the show category I was categorizing
the the internet kill TVs are episodes
that's a show I had to go through every
single one of them so what are we nine
eighty three is this nine eighty three
982 what's the say up there I had to go
through every single one of them and I
was like reliving every single day for
the past three and a half almost four
years you know I mean I'm like I see a
thumbnail but I remember that day see
another thumbnail I remember that day it
was kind of cool it's kind of like
traveling back in time and I always ask
you guys this you know for the newcomers
too so in the comments right now tell me
what day or what was the first video you
found on CTFxC on internet killed
television if it was one of my Charles
Trippy channels or was like on Ally's
channel or even an iPhone was an iPhone
video like what led you here I forgot
him interesting if I were like uploaded
like a silly little iPhone video and you
just kind of like you know what one
video to one video one video then you
found the daily videos gotta be
interesting to see so tell me in the
comments see that dog right there his
name is chewy and he's humping everybody
I do have to laugh every once in a while
there's those dog owners that freak out
when their dogs bark or like run around
the yep and bark at each other with dog
do you know what I mean like dealing oh
my god stop doing that Johnny or Rover
maybe it's just some use to these
biatches over here and I just know how
they are making me dizzy dudes all right
and all honestly how many people were
just like this with their eyes it's
going back and forth good job
oh not done go to China go to China all
right dog faces you ready for this
it's called Zoe Marley skee-ball ready
one two go go go go
you okay one cookie all right they gotta
cook you for following and for me
laughing we got to get you dog shoes
here you go I'm sorry I laughed I'm
sorry I laughed you smelled so good oh
you're so fluffy so fluffy so Dennis
brought this last time they came up to
our place just to let me ride it and
it's been sitting here it's been driving
me nuts good I want to ride it so bad
but it's right now it's dark but what
kind of this like nine fucking night bye
dude if I ride this in a black hoodie
and black pants I'm probably gonna get
hit by a car and not to mention up like
super loaded Agartha so you know what I
got a garage now so that's some fun I am
always watching who is watching you if
they're naughty or nice I checked my
knees twice okay
well this charge is beast and see if it
works again hey babe want to go see The
Devil Inside I am I am breaking my rules
when personal rules of watching Apollo
at what 18 carries I will send 13 I'm
like Tom Hanks is very still
Kevin Bacon super skinny Apollo third no
18 is falsely pretty bad how banks is
like okay Internet my goal this is my
new goal for 2012 is to meet Tom Hanks
also I think this is the first time we
found on camera together cuz we've been
busy and I've been running around like
that
oh my god it's gonna zoom in on that
face hold on
she's so fluffy yeah that good yeah
absolutely
Robert okay I stir when you talk I
talked to Robert he was like I saw those
and I totally thought observing no it's
awesome yeah they're in heaven dudes
most spoiled dogs on the planet so
anyway I'm gonna go see devil inside if
you guys want to come with me I'm gonna
go have a catch I'm gonna go to the
catch instead you know the thing is okay
here's the thing about movies look at
the movie I'm watching right now movies
no no your wrist is to go around the guy
that way like I'm watching this movie
right now
your tripod you just moved my hand
around it's like a swivel pod i when I
watch the movie I don't want to feel
depressed or I don't want to be
completely scared crap when I watch
Ricky Bobby whatever this movie well I
get depressed I laugh because I know
that somewhere out there there's a
person who's actually like that vlogging
no and and you sent me this it's Boris
called night mm-hmm
ha I'm invincible of any freezes that's
a good movie I love that movie what you
read in mind blown and you sent me this
the other day it's zombie evil boy burn
all right you know what let the internet
see that that's that zombie zoidberg
right there guys are we over it I'm
totally over it the whole zombie thing
wait what's your brother say as a theme
zombies my beam zombies are dead this
was done an illustrator on the computer
is that's not a photo that those are
like that's an illustration right
there's paint it's amazing it's really
cool they should we do posters like this
this will be umph I would hang this over
my wall oh yeah that's green Marley well
come out here and play no I'm good all
right
all right fully charged really great
okay that sucked
oh you know we should we gotta get these
things going again know what what's in
here what's not those pink it's a lot of
paint all right that should be another
goal for me to get this the go p-- head
and this going at the same time then we
can race it of course I got enough
wrenches and a hammer and a splitter I
just turned around I just realized how
random this is I just to show that I'm
always prepared for an emergency
though look at this we got some jumping
stilts got some skateboards we got some
paintball guns we got some alien defense
systems by super soaker you know no big
deal oh man this is funny you can come
out here if you want it's the man cave
don't judge me
I'm giving them hair really come on all
right guys time to go to bed I'll just
make me watch a scary movie and not to
happy about it
I'll see you guys tomorrow good night
yes
giddy with child tripping
don't forget
you
