I can't switch fast enough oh it's too
slowly oh my god it's so good it's like
it's like it's hard to do it cuz we
boring you what are you looking to news
moron make you do this so we decided to
go get lunch and repr but there her arms
there and we brought the little biatches
with us son she's like oh yeah
in the pan
see does she fall asleep every single
time she's gonna sign like me in the car
she's like trust me I know every time I
Drive and you're sitting in the
passenger seat this is my impression of
Ali focus you are look at her focus base
focus piss the fucking space guess what
the Huffington Post just posted our
proposal video as one of the top ten
best proposal videos on the internet
yeah high-five Internet have five wife
we should probably it married me yeah
married yeah that's right their
international affair that's crazy
Zoe you got mail apparently she got her
own mail oh that's really cold actually
here's your mail hey mr. Byrd that's no
fish what you got there that's like the
hare Nancy's I get Publix what you got
no way I know what it is yeah it's one
of those awesome dog beds one of those
ones that we always wanted to get them
if they're like crazy expensive I don't
know oh my god those dogs are gonna
freak out look at Marley she's already
coming in here Wow
girls you guys are gonna be luxury
puppies oh look I want that can I sleep
in that Oh bleep oh my god oh my
well it's like mine called it my butt is
here oh my that is amazing
found out it's it's Robert from Razzie
Ravi he sent face because we post photos
of Zoe Marla all the time that's awesome
you know what I'm gonna rise you this
right now that's amazing
those Oh get in your bed get in there
she's like me she fits like great in
there oh yeah whoever designed these is
like they know dogs that is really nice
down here Zoe's perfect pairs that says
Zoe on it
look at this yeah I got them personal
can I eat this can i it's a toy right
just keeps getting the thank you Robert
thank you guys everyone at Razzie that
is amazing
come on and now this is my pillow okay
thank you very much I just had this sort
of recording guys I thought this was the
funniest thing in the world just I know
it just looks really hilarious when I
walk outside to let you know I always
get a lot of like at replies about like
my favorite iPhone apps and I thought
like maybe you know once a week it get
Punk I thought maybe like once a week I
could let you know like some of my
favorite apps and this is why I want to
start it if you didn't know we the kings
now has an iPhone app it's free it's at
the app store I just go to the app store
and search we the Kings and it should
pop right up but it has basically if you
can look at it as the tour dates CDs
Kings carriage Facebook it has all our
Twitter in there has everything so if
you want a free iPhone app this way you
can you have no excuses not to come to a
show when we go on tour everyone
always asking when we're on tour and
stuff like that pop stir it up there's
all the tour dates put a link down there
download it maybe we'll just give me
like a new weekly thing like every week
I'll have a new favorite app I'll tell
you about like last week was that action
movie one other way I was blowing up
everything we the kings free iPhone app
now we can now we can hug and give high
fives on tour make Angry face that's
your angry face the face I think an
angry face and a poop face are pretty
much the same things something isn't
right here why are you up here and why
are you down there so it's like yeah you
can you can have that if you want this
is so weird
get ready for walk tour look so funny
I don't know why bigot catcher
that makes me solid I'm like a oh oh
yeah look I'm just making you nervous if
you're following hey thing I just need a
cool this is the plan I sent you you're
doing plant surgery
Oh put some fake ones in there I swear I
just did it like six times what
no you just dragged all right this
imagine if you took a poop and it just
followed you around until it fell off
just like a goldfish just that would use
like oh yeah what are you doing John no
I'm just trying to lose this turn that
was like 32 times 49 times and I'm just
now realizing I just made the entire
Internet look at a fish pooping gotta
love the Internet
hey hot wife your hair looks pretty nice
actually
there's always waiting for you hey hey
Lindsay bought Phil a pillow that said
hangry the rage that ensues when someone
is hungry from the heart hungry and
hasn't eaten in a while or something
like that like it sounds something like
hangry it's a pillow you never said
anything when my hair is my hair look
nice
your hairs Earthlings never look this
hot are you trying to get it come on oh
the giant keeps licking it
oh look at that see that's sweet
oh that's pretty sweet and off dog dog
dog I'm not just gonna I'm just gonna
keep this in frame here lockdown
um I think it's my face for just like
just my eyes over the camera cuz that's
all
wait hold on I'm gonna I'm gonna zoom
how are you
check out my chocolate tower it's pretty
much as big of a masterpieces with the
Aztecs might have Olive Garden South
whoa dine and dash whoa alright walk
around the corner and I just Marlee keep
swatting all over everything
dot to have and Justin are snickering is
it drawing various John butts there's a
but there's a but the hairy black hairy
legs but with the weird another spiel
what is this right here we were trying
to decide what she's a web crush a web
crotch it helps with the swimming in the
tourney really bad are you partaking Zoe
berries butts you want girl butt
don't forget
