ladies and gentlemen I give you the most
ratty shopping cart in the world
you're watching Charles so this isn't it
just hanging out in the bathroom just
hanging out in the bathroom
you got to take a poop right there
wouldn't it be so it wouldn't how weird
would that be if we come in a corner we
was in the commercial if we were round
the corner and then Zoe's just like
sitting there taking a poop just just
pooping
I got an idea here it'd be kind of like
this oh sorry I didn't mean to disturb
you
carry on go poop
you take a dump you need to learn
actually because you poop everywhere
come on
all of her nails are out and she's
standing on a nail she's like I really
would rather just poop on your carpet
please all right forget it
well that's just some it is like burn
rubber so what's up hot wife you mean a
hot wife I got a hot wife guys I got a
hot wife over there
sup bitches that I forgot we had oh my
god our buttons remedies when we made
these like two years ago
that's I remember that I offering that
Driftless Pony Club CD there we go we
got my hit sticks I'm gonna put those on
now it's fun I haven't even been in this
closet yet Allie come out of the closet
alright just get out of the closet Allie
Zoe you're always in the closet what is
she staring at something shiny other
laminates sup Marly you're ready to have
a blast from the past
got a clothesline
it's gonna be amazing and annoying at
the same time yes
80s for the wind yes support for
different sounds and stuff too you could
hit one of your rights ticket like I
know that would be amazing like if you
can do that yeah I say we would do these
I had this and I'm surprised they're so
good like this salad is such a weird no
way is that so I don't know
mom dad I'm sorry I apologize now I
gotta send this to Danny do you guys
hear that
yeah yo oh yeah oh yeah I'm a man cuz my
music's loud oh and it goes doo-doo-doo
oh oh here to go from and cut people off
yes I am in a kind of a grumpy mood uh
what is going on that's green that's
green Justin and I look literally just
destroyed our closet or trying to find
this it was on it was on Charles's desk
the entire time here yeah I use this
there isn't it the whole thing is a
button yeah and if you do it slightly on
the left and slightly on the right it
does adjust okay I'll try it accordingly
he's using a computer a PC computer is
it an alien that would Matthew with Mac
access accessories components oh it's
installing the driver software tell me
show me your foot Justin pretty much
broke his foot I'm going to show you
what actually ended on his foot oh you
demo see it oh my god it's definitely
check a tripod one of the tripods for
the person oh my gosh i bruise area okay
so let's yeah there is a where there's a
right click on the mouse okay so check
this out I got a box from up here check
it check it check it out something
happen and this thing starts going so my
minor slo-mo mode and I'm like okay what
do I do
this thing's falling it's gonna crash I
have an assessed situation
I don't know what's below I don't want
me to break so I'm holding the box up
here and I go oh no and I like this
just lands softly right here meanwhile
you're now my foot looks go oh well
since I wasn't in kind of a bad mood and
I'm a little bit bored at the house
right now you know what you got to make
your own fun you don't I mean he's gonna
you got can't be like you can't you
can't use the excuse of being bored
there's too many cool things to do right
I'm gonna go to the dollar store and buy
the most ridiculous thing as I possibly
can
sweet deals everything's a dollar what
to get what to get what is this glitter
glue oh that's a lot of silly string I
learned my lesson last time fishing fun
Xiomara I like this Oh had a ball yeah
so far so good let's get this a ball
shooter okay
what about a phone play knife no we got
it we got to draw the line sometime we
have to we have to know there we go
five dollars later I got instant fun
there's OEB we're falling tripods this
is very dangerous for young folks and
oxlike it's not
burglar alarms going off going through
the jungles of a department store agent
we are going to start a fire but we have
to do a fire in the fire pit that sounds
really bad we're gonna go start a fire
let's just go start a fire at our house
so I'm gonna get some firewood and then
maybe I'll be man I met do a man testing
one day but on Wednesday and grill some
stuff again alright just got the grocery
list from Ali see if we can do this
you guys mind there's something really
random when I got my wisdom teeth like
taken out like three or four years ago
my mom got me this stuff because I
couldn't eat anything was like insurance
basically it's for older people I guess
just to get vitamins and stuff
actually I don't know I think the back I
don't know if it's just for older people
that I was addicted
that was my crack I was addicted to
insure for like probably six months it
was it was bad it was bad and it was
really really really random random
information here's such a chicken Wow
bring only your foot in here holy jesus
you know Justin Michael okay nor do I
know that's like there's nothing going
on it's like no yeah there's a little
bit I have high arches this is super
super oh god you're gonna hurt yeah it
kind of looks horrible actually check
out all the toys which one you don't
play with first that one that one which
one that one's pretty good
that one's pretty sweet oh and what's
this what did I get you guys ready ready
that adds a little bit using your mouth
that's the yellow card alright screw
this I traded up that was a little bit
better
holy crap that's not too bad so easily I
will protect you don't worry no guns in
this house so funny how she hates guns
the balloon well it's a balloon I'm not
shooting in one just a mom just the
balloon no it's so pathetic
she runs the guys eat it you really shot
that yes how's the dollar have fun oh
honey turn around I will shoot you back
Oh
I feel like the name is a little bit
ironic as it hasn't shot once is it
gonna be cool
alright are you kidding me
maybe it was the plane maybe if I try
this one already you know what the real
lesson about this okay look at this the
only toy that actually worked is one
that was probably devised in like the
1600s or something well only if you can
do it there we go that kind of the only
toy to actually work there we go oh my
god almost so now you think Justin
here's me go boom it like kind of like
that I made that noise it was nailed me
right down that comes up
this is like you know what you're
causing problems I'm gonna take your toy
yeah she took it
why did she lay on your clothes she does
not want anyone to have fun all right
Justin's new game of fishing for Zoey
yes it's just like real fishing a lot of
waiting Oh
catch and release come on Jessie you can
do it you can do it think just think if
you were born in there like 1900s that's
all you have to do made fire whoo ha
that was a lot quicker this wood must've
been drier this time so these are now
retired we got new we got new darts ever
since that night that Danny and I were
having that thing where I'd beat him and
he got upset ya know I've been really
obsessed like obsessed with darts again
oh look how close that was
uh-oh I totally just like men in tights
that right there look at that it was
like YJ Juli yesterday no big deal oh
yeah yeah your initials are terrible
you know what's really good about
engineering is that we have a microwave
I'm still doing this I think Jesse want
to do it it's bubbling oh you're doing
it you're getting some bunions on your
that is a burnt Weiner this is mine
that's a I'm gonna go and grab some
s'mores for everybody there we go come
on Danny you can do it you can do it
if it meant we were the chip no is a
metaphor the chip like missing I didn't
care about that hard
zowie find it I feel like no one in the
world can actually ever do that Denis
actually made it shorter if you look at
it right here it's actually shorter well
six inches yeah
no no no one no one can do it best sock
ever look at matching socks matching
socks your white gray as much as we fly
that's great
that's dangerous it's a great sock right
there you got to be able to take off
your shoes that's the dirty sock on no
one know it look this could be filthy no
idea
worse
giddy with child tripping
don't forget
you
