leafy did you like how I made sure you
were getting up look at I did alright I
put one every minute on there to make
sure she got up hey you turned them off
help your mom just texted you there you
go so you better wake up now your
watching ciao
the internet jeweled TV you deserve this
sleep for working on all the merch till
2:00 in the morning 3:00 in the morning
look at your hair it's like all over the
place you let it happen so you'll want
to keep my butt cold my face warm that's
that's clever I'm backing out I'm
backing out beep beep hi look try this
now - so continuing the tradition of
shipping out all the hoodies we got to
do this a few hundred today all right
thank God for SUVs I've been working on
the railroad
oh there's not what store do we go to
maybe if we just like wave no that's not
gonna fit I move this over all this junk
mail whose were all your junk mail goes
guys let me move this one maybe these
things are really heavy
no can't move it crap have I've
you left me hanging I'm gonna put all
this junk mail in our mailbox I'm gonna
win yeah she's not gonna she's not gonna
want to do that since I've been doing
the merge non-stop I think I'm gonna get
her a cupcake
oh you missed it they make it like a
thundering noise and everything so I
know Ally's been really really really
stressed lately with you know packing an
emergence up so was I got her oh no I
could ruin the cherry is is that the
most epic cupcake you've ever seen I
think she's gonna like it now it's a
surprise ally with a ginormous cupcake
what's up guys I feel like I haven't
talked too much today it's been kind of
running around oh I forgot to literally
been running around my new year's
resolution this year was to run at least
one mile a day one mile a day and so far
I've kept it I've been doing two or
three or sometimes four miles a day and
I feel like I can do this it's just like
you know being on stage and playing for
like an hour sometimes hour and a half
or something I need to have like
endurance to run around flip around and
jump around like a bunny like you guys
say I do I figured this was the best way
to do it so so far I mean it's only like
the third or fourth day into January but
I haven't missed it so that's my new
year's resolution this year too and I
think I can actually do it did you
be honest be honest how many got how
many of you guys are really gonna make a
new year's resolution and actually stick
by it tell me in the comments this could
be like a legally binding thing all
right everyone in the comments right now
write your what you want to do for your
new New Year's at know that your new
year's resolution and then you have that
that's legally binding kind of that's
internet binding so do it right now guys
put your New Year's resolution right now
in the comments we're all gonna do this
we're all gonna do this
don't fight it don't fight it all right
so I know you've been super stressed out
which hand which hand
don't nevermind the fact that I'm
holding already right there you go
so you can stop in so my god that is a
monster it looks like a stuff you can
have some too
oh it's like vanilla and then chocolate
like it's a monster cupcake like the guy
at Publix he was like very upset that I
bought it cuz he wanted it he was
actually waiting all day for no one to
buy it so you can buy it so now you can
have some sugar high there you go wait
how do I pull like that working this
late there we go
learning I also picked up a couple
posters so poster frames so that way I
could put o up knocking everything down
so I can put the posters and a nice
little frame and there we go that looks
sweet those look nice now so yeah
posters sweet if you actually want to
get these posters these were the ones
that the guy who runs like the mini
faces are Charles Trippy and the many
faces of Allie Allie trippy on tumblr he
made these and then you guys found him
and asked if we could make posters so I
did so if you guys want these I'll put a
link down there in the video description
they're on sale for a limited time I
like I mentioned the other day and I
just want to let you guys know they're
still on sale you can get either teal or
the black or get both of them if you
want both of them because they kind of
look cool together so yeah those are the
posters just wanted to remind you
because a lot of people were asking if
there were still four still on sale and
short answer is yes yes they are Marley
is that you saw faster I got some dough
to make some pizza and it's frozen still
looks like it's look at this like a baby
head look at all just the wrinkles
remember oh my god it's like gak do you
guys remember gak and it smelled like it
smelled like poo but it was so it was
like basically it was like what was it
was just slime right I think was just
like slime kids today don't even with
Jackie
it's like it's got like frosting
underneath and then it's covered in
chocolate that like hardens it looks you
know what it looks like it looks like
Candyland it's like a fake couple serve
it on this thing so all right
can you please drop that those are
mining Charles that if this falls out of
my hand it's gonna disappear in about
0.5 seconds ready
oh you want a cupcake
okay we're not gonna play that game
anymore here is it
I'm sorry I'm sorry yeah there you go
I apologize teasing it is a masterpiece
I can see why that guy didn't want
ourselves to me what are you doing hey
guys ah mistake I started chopping
onions
I forgot my little glasses that's so
weird out does that I got bored again oh
wait it's focusing on the wrong thing
there there you can see it mmm delicious
it was definitely the dog
excuse me so you know I read the emails
remember yesterday read them read all
the emails while Justin's gone you can
help adjust the colors adjust your
colors all right well hang out oh it's a
good night it is a good light
go ahead
finally upgraded you finally did it
that's pretty snazzy too by the way
oh I'm super excited I want to thank you
guys I win the gentleman out and you got
oh wait wait wait
and it's white see oh they don't bully
me by the way what Danny took his hoodie
off because he thought it was kind of
weird it's white and I thought in that
could do without everyone watches
very depressing so he's trying to bring
some balls leap right now then I just
roll all guys without even trying
I'm sorry 2007 this girl at the home
town on that hometown the new years this
is all scribbles if you look at it it's
kinda like pointillism like that texture
yeah but if you pull it back look how
real it it's like let's really that's
crazy
and then best thing Marley likes she got
you you want to give it to her it's like
a like a fashion what is that like a
desire it's just like it's like whatever
on it it's a designer furry squeaker
ball oh I did it what she like it's the
only toy she likes I would like to eat
that right now then I would eat that
we've got some pretty awesome CTFxC Rees
Marley it was it was it was their motive
more fairest one Oh Milly barely was
really famous in the nineties and it was
the end of their career people found out
they were lip-synching and now everyone
looks in every concert yeah now
they think oh you're bad good night guys
see you tomorrow
yes
giddy with child trippy
Photography in early
