where's the Zoey what is it what do we
get
a giant rod you got metal you're
watching Charles Trippy and owies trippy
does where the CTFxC
look at the difference here we get all
the way dainty dainty and then ravaging
it alright let's go inside guys hello
everyone as you can see I am heading off
to the post office to drop a bunch of
merch Ali's working still she's working
very very hard actually she really is
she's like walked herself in the room
and that's all she's doing and I also
have to get a new passport photo for
South America because when do we leave
for South America is it like the 16th or
17th or something like that 15th 19th I
don't even know it's this month so I
have to go and but the funniest thing is
um it's all in Spanish so I had to ally
look at it make sure who's signing the
right stuff it's gonna be crazy
I never I never imagined going South
America it's gonna be really fun so
every CTFxC year that's going to South
America we're gonna high-five we're
gonna high-five and hug it's gonna be
awesome
alright let's do this thank you fish
head okay you guys have to see this you
have to see what I just did I wanted to
do a kind of mug shot photo yeah this is
like the most unflattering photo I say I
wanted to just because I did that I
didn't want to do this I just was
looking I didn't know she was taking the
the photo anyway I give you my new
passport photo don't I look so happy oh
that takes the cake right there
alright so just overnight it everything
the scooter and actually you know that's
one thing I always thought was kind of
fascinating for a $20 I literally can
get a piece of paper to scooter all the
way on the other side of the country in
one night by noon tomorrow it's kind of
crazy anyway what was I talking about I
got sidetracked
is it something shiny um oh yeah the
lady okay so there's a guy working and
his lady comes by if she comes oh this
lady okay oh okay yeah so yeah this is
this is kind of interesting so this lady
comes up to the employee
working at the post office and she's
like hi how are you doing and he goes
I'm high so really good and the late the
look on my lady's face was just like
just like in one of those like awkward
like huh no joke that's what he said it
was the funniest thing I've ever seen
what could be what could be my
replacement she looks like a beluga
whale Miley I love you daddy I learned
so much so package yeah iPod - are you
using a screwdriver
what no the iPod one they had a recall
then they're replacing them and fixing
them and this is not an iPad iPod one oh
my goodness I'm pissed
I had wait are you kidding this is they
really sent you the wrong thing well
they sent me the brand new one I I had
all of them you don't
I'm on hold with Apple that is gonna
look so much better finally getting
blinds up with since this is such a long
thing we had to like order a custom
track for it thanks so long you want
your squirrels out there what for
nothing
unfortunately my phone is still doing
that whole remember like the 12
gigabytes of other data
I just restored it and it went down to
35 megabytes so if something's wrong
with the backup and that's all I'm
trying to do this all again and I'm
trying to restore it come on Apple you
like me down lately I'm iPhone screwing
up you sent me about the wrong iPod
maybe I should just go buy like a PC no
I'm just kidding I can't do that and
start the great PC versus Apple debate
now this is what I was talking about
I just restored this other data there's
nothing else on this except photos other
data 12 points ohms
it's over half the stupid I have no idea
I literally have no idea how to fix this
if any any nerds out there know how to
help me out all I want to do is save my
text messages and my photos that's it
and I can't do it I have no idea how to
get rid of this if I restore a
completely new phone it's fine the
second I put like a restore from backup
it screws up I have no idea there's no
apps how we're going oh you're boring
little wag are you doing
working on the merch trying to get this
all out wait what what it it's like pea
soup lentil soup let me take it out of
the pot
no say yes I like cracking old jokes to
my mom because I know one day I'll be
super old on mic it'll do to me it's
doing it
really she's like a lot of people want
Marley hair on it so I'm just gonna
she's like is this okay this okay guys
is this alright
how's it going if you didn't know that's
a dot isn't moving in what she is she's
bonded basically to have our own little
space to edit so we're like yeah sure
bring it over and Justin's here so he's
helping them but would you be classified
with the assistant to the editor or what
would that be called oh you're doing all
the music yeah oh geez so Justin's doing
the soundtrack so we have a casualty is
that
wait is that tape
so she Lord just cut herself packing
your hoodies guys this is all the
awesome stuff Ally's doing right now now
we got some get some pop coming in
how would Marc summers how it's made
with Marc so not not the candy one nerdy
one with Marc summers those on round
yeah who's the director that does all my
crazy shots I can Craig no it's just
like this oh really
well JJ Kevin this is crazy no not
Abraham's guy there's all that crazy
like my god
guys know I'm talking about right I'm
done bugging them let's go bug dodging
Justin who's that director that does all
those crazy like you know I'm talking
about like I can crank and crank to and
stuff like that it's like all these
crazy things Frank I don't know they
just like those like crazy cuts words
just like like that okay I'm just gonna
hold this guy's cuz I feel like really
really dumb now no one in this house
knows what I'm talking about
alright screw it I'm just gonna IMDB it
mr what was that okay this is weird but
exactly what Miley was doing oh and
we're gonna stretch the difference is
you have no remorse you just do it and
there we go guys so make sure to order a
hoodie if you want Zoe immorally hair oh
oh you girl
all right this is the champagne that the
guys from tweek sent us to celebrate our
new year I'd take off a new year could
we have a shift like I did a champagne
toast since we've moved right so this is
christening the new place thanks we've
been waiting forever for the first
bottle of champagne was was to be drunk
it was drunken was drank which is red we
drank it well if you were if somebody
drinking at a party
the first bottle was drank at a park
drunken at drank drank at a party which
was vest turn car drunk
it's an original see that's weird right
the first bottle of champagne that we
were gonna use was drunk at a party I
feel drunk saying drunk anyway so we're
gonna celebrate our new place so he's
getting real excited back there she
knows what's going on so all the merch
what is it you got that so these are
wedding wedding food ready Mary that was
insane that was perfect timing
you're right we got to do the whole oh
wait you got a switch hands oh oh okay
thank you
well this bubbly it's really good no
thanks tweak okay Farah go to bed I just
want to say there was Guy Ritchie just
hit me
let's put on this really bad movie it
just hit me Guy Ritchie you can go to
bed now great guys
yes
with y'all trippin
it would be an ally don't forget to eat
