apparently uh-huh we have a little
apparently a dog left a little cause hi
it's cute little setup by the way I'm
gonna I'm gonna show them something
really pretty and nice before I break
the news
so Justin comes in I'm doing I'm working
on merch and Justin comes into my living
room and says you need come here right
now and I was like why what's what's
going on like I just give me a second
I'm thinking he's gonna show me
something cute the dogs doing he is not
getting to come here right now so you
know we don't have any presents under
the tree however somebody left us a
little gift right here yeah okay guys
Marley Marley pooped on the rug I don't
it was definitely it was definitely
you're watching Charles Trippy and owies
trippy that's where the CTFxC
the internet killed TV good morning guys
OOP surprise well she thought she was
confused this green grass a green carpet
there's a tree outside she doesn't know
Marley it's okay that's good pooping
everyone so this is our first ornament
right from 2011 and we totally never
hung on we never did anything on the
tree one thing so it's do it ready we're
gonna put it I wanna put down here put
it somewhere that makes absolutely no
sense
no no no no okay next year
Oh would you get cantar you're insane
don't eat it oh we don't eat it Zoe jump
swallowed it
Zoe oh no you can't not get in trouble
can you
I don't think you should be eating that
Marly drop it a girl I'm the wild Molly
rages through the banana trees perhaps
she's going crazy it's gonna be a man
let's go get some rope grill some
burgers and some some vegetables I'm
starting to feel a little bit sick and I
think it's because being on airplanes
constantly like what is that what does
that like weird fact where it's like it
takes less than 30 seconds from air to
go from the front of the plane to the
back of the plane or vice versa
just like the circulate considering we
want to plane that like house let house
like 20 people it probably took like
three seconds kind of not feeling too
good right now I want to I want to try
it my mom got me a grill so I think
basically she wanted out my band points
or something I guess I don't know and so
she got us a grill and I feel like I
want to grill something I want to I want
to be a man I want this to be a man
night you only mean it was girl night
last night I wasn't allowed to go it was
just it was just my sister and my wife
and I just realized I filmed that on the
other camera that's the other thing I
have to do as give the black camera to
Best Buy to get it fixed before South
America hopefully in time for South
America since they fixed a red one
hopefully they'll swap it out but
considering the condition I don't think
it's going to be that easy so we're just
gonna we're just gonna take the camera
to the doctors that's no big deal
wait speaking of grill where do I get
like whatever I can get the gas I know I
know I'm not very manly I do I do other
man's stuff fantastic stuff
which is that on grill I use the foreman
I got some more good news hold on
if I don't draw since it was still kind
of faulty they just gave me a brand new
one I don't really have to wait so we
have two new cameras I am so happy so
you know we should do we should have a
bet or just like a pool like how long do
you think it's gonna take probably the
black one's gonna get the story before
the red one but how long do you think
until the black one gets the story again
the first drop is going to happen two
weeks maybe two weeks maybe five days
best spot in a lot so my mom is freaking
out because I'm wearing toe socks and
she looked down it looks like my toes
broken cuz my pinky toe is out of the
out of that hole that's like I'm one
wonder pa'dar pinky toe
all the rest of our normal weight again
oh god we gotta get all the necessities
here some peppers there just one there's
some red wine to go over there grilling
now
because you know the best part about
grilling is getting drunk
right right right the booze palates like
all this like so much alcohol this
continues is like a long look at this I
went and found the bottle of Jameson I
picked up in like wait what why is this
so light somebody's been drinking it in
the store so I think I can get this half
off what so I could just imagine some
guy in here just like juggle that's so
ridiculous
we gotta get some man pencils right now
I think that would be good it's a man
that's fantastic my full wing you guys
yet and now for the final ingredient
some man guests and it would be very
careful there is no smoking when we get
the man gasps are you effing kidding me
you know what this I know I can't smoke
what about missiles oh I'm not done I'm
not dying you need to get away from here
and one more for good measure Ezra walk
victorious got some now we can continue
my wait a minute there can't be two of
us only one could have my car well now I
feel a little bit better
not really my man day's gonna suck are
you effing kidding me
again Oh Charles is gonna Hulk smash you
see guys this is why don't do quote
unquote man stuff just pisses me off
like it's like it's just so frustrating
burns a little grill stuff literally got
that thing with two minutes to spare
high-five home finally got all the
ingredients for a man dinner we got some
that's a fresca I got some peppers we
got some Jameson we got some ginger ale
we got some bread we got some turkey we
got some veggie burgers washis Josh
shire horses to Chris Justus tyre some
onions jalapenos man time what you're
making chef tripping well I'm allowing
the women in the area now for the man
day and man day Monday man day where we
blow stuff up and we grill stuff like
grills and vegetables also you know the
paring knife probably would have been a
better choice for that right I like this
one better for manly man they actually
look great don't think a badge easy
we're kind of making it up as I go
veggie skewer it's a very busy busy
household this evening oh hello very
busy household ba-da-da has her little
editing station set up and she's working
diligently on the movie the dog just
farted it smells great
so what do we call this place like the
other was trippy towers where we're
gonna call it should we let the internet
decide Internet the challenge if you
dare so accept it sorry I got distracted
by the onion name this place it can't be
true peak hours anymore you're not
this morning everyone's got something
ridiculous on dot we need to step up our
game he had a pretty easy dfx C's for
haters hoodie hmm that's that's
something that all human beings should
have and guess what they're conveniently
there's a link down there now that time
I've in the video description where you
can buy one oh I know a link oh that is
really fast
sweet all right got the veggie skewers
going looks up looks so pretty doesn't
it look pretty I still wearing these
dude seriously they work you're welcome
jump in the water jump in the water say
come on please not fair all right I need
to cook never done this before that's
what life's about trial I have this
bright ooh hot wife's about learning
making mistakes that smells good
do you like scary stories Oh what was
that what are you looking at sorry huh
are you looking at
will you look at that Zoey huh what are
you looking at huh uh huh huh this dog
will forever be crazy go in the water
all right go on
all right no no go to water this is
turning into B look at this mess look at
this mess oh this is so much more
difficult
the man land yeah moved from this
position for like a good hour I'm just
telling them I'm never gonna do lookups
up look is that Oh dodo
maybe her go crazy more so what would be
a great look oh my god there's my man
burger
never mind the pretty birds or anything
that's a burger
all right
and we'll see Zoey later what word
hammies you don't like that word alright
everyone goes spam dot Devon's a hammy
yeah
we have no neighbors mine
really you're not gonna share it all
can I at least have one of these pillows
please tonight maybe have this one maybe
no no all right good night whenever give
me Bo buddies
translation good night my love okay
good night guys see you tomorrow
worse yet
with tripping
you
