are you enjoying your $3,000 is a happy
day mm it is day 3,000 and to celebrate
this momentous insane thing I wanted to
kind of go back to where this all began
I don't have time to drive unfortunately
all over the Tallahassee to where
exactly the first vlog started however
next time I go up there I definitely
will I wanted to go to the original
apartment complex to where we filmed
everything in creepy mustache day the
first like where's the way Marley used
to play and all that stuff I thought it
would be kind of cool to go over there
and just see it I mean because it's been
eight or nine years the only problem is
I don't remember wishes so I kind of
have to drive however if I can get in
because I remember there's a gate for
the gated community
I know what it looks like and I'm not
even kidding I looked at old vlog just
before driving this feel I can remember
where it is so hopefully I can remember
and switch and have Ally drive right now
because it's not an exaggeration I don't
might seem like I'm being weird have no
idea where this place is
I had to call my friend Andrew and
Rachel because they used to come by all
the time and they're like oh I can't
remember either so going to the source
going to where it all began people have
literally watched you
when you do stupid things the new 20
unfortunately that's on the internet
some people want me to do stupid stuff
under 20s and the growing up because
forgotten you only man they move on mine
stuck on the internet no joke what I
just did is I watched creepy mustache
day if it was day 22 or 23 20s and I
remember we looked on Google Maps at the
time when they just started doing a
satellite imaging and we we saw this
random car on google satellite the vlog
itself I'm showing the map of the area
so I just went in to the area of the map
that I just showed in the vlog and I
found where we're going actually now no
because of the blog notice this white
SEC and there's a random effing car in
the middle of nowhere literally okay
here's the car let me zoom them out for
that in the middle of nowhere it's like
right there we're gonna go exploring and
there it is turn left
nothing has changed this is the parking
lot where we did the extreme scootering
video
whoo I had to go cut so working this is
weird this is such a good idea allergies
had I thought you should go into
something first
this is the place to where this all
began where it's like it really changed
your whole life and here's the walkway
it closed off now we're still going to
go my apartment was up there somewhere
that I'm not even trying to remember
yeah probably just be very careful wow
it really is over there own don't drop
your phone this is kind of crazy it got
all overgrown I just want to go to this
field oh I know how to get there very
good idea there we go yep we'll use that
one too we'll be using our noggins this
reminds me of a labyrinth do they go
through the hall in just inch well I
guess there's that bed and that tree
right there was where I found my very
first dung beetle rolling up some poop
at the pile of poo and that's a beetle
well here it is
so I just went the back way is what I
was trying to get to because it was the
apartment complex but it's the field use
always come and play frisbee with the
dogs it's like going back to your
childhood home you know a until you're
older you want to go back to your house
you grew up in just to kind of see
what's going on that was the way we went
to find that weird car in the woods that
looks like it's definitely overgrown the
cage my god what is this government I
know this is probably kind of stupid for
those people who haven't been around for
the longest time but for me and for a
lot of you guys there's actually a lot
of you to actually say that who've been
watching since day one it's kind of
crazy you know what else I want to see
like wasn't this place yeah I think we
go down that way there was that
undeveloped area where we saw that's
Joey he's run around kind of wanted to
see if that's still around I want to see
if the houses are there hopefully 9
years I would hope that they would be
there
you know that was the field right there
without houses this whole area was
completely undeveloped there we go Zoey
Marley do that go into the newb all
right guys let's do this
we've done three thousand of these kooky
weird daily videos consecutively without
missing one day basically I'm going to
be doing one of these things every
single day
on youtube.com slash CTFxC this channel
for at least a year 365 days if there's
a leap year Ritter 6666 days right I
wanted to do this right here because I
wanted to do in front of the gifts will
record because that is as much mine as
it is yours because without you guys
watching that right there would not
exist and we would not be in the record
books so yeah first off its got to say
thank you for that second off thank you
for staying around for 3,000 days I know
a lot of you guys have been around since
day one which is mind-blowing
but I just wanted to use today as a way
to kind of relive some of the crazy
amazing sad happy unbelievable moments
of the past eight years of my life that
are now on the Internet never thought a
challenge to myself or just an
experiment
or bet turned into one of the craziest
communities supporting people like if
anything of these videos the thing that
I'm most proud of is the community of
the CTFxC because it's grown it's
something I honestly have never ever
imagined that I could help grow it's
bigger than me it's bigger than this
channel it's bigger than anything it's
just the coolest thing and I never
thought making simple videos on the
internet of my life and putting them out
there would help create that I've gone
to gatherings over the past eight years
you know VidCon playlist and just random
gathering one of my favorite ones Oh
before I get distracted 2010 or nine
thing was probably 10 or 11 where we the
CTFxC and Ally speed and I created this
random event where we're going to go to
Times Square no no Central Park and
create just a random impromptu snowball
fight
that was one of the moments where I
realized something was here like
something was growing and I didn't I got
goose bumps like I've met people that
have become best friends boyfriend and
girlfriend husband and wife I met a few
of you guys that I'm just interacting in
the comments have actually created a
relationship and gotten married and I've
met a bunch of you guys and that gives
me goose bumps as well oh my hair is
this going to be like flying out right
there I'm one of the hairiest arms I
know a weird but you guys already know
that when I was told that this day would
be here July 18th I started thinking
about some of my all-time favorite vlogs
this ones that you know we're good
sometimes some that were bad so I'm just
basically shaped Who I am as a person
then into now it could be the good
things it could be the bad things I've
gotten to do some of the most amazing
things that I never even thought
imagined possible that I would have the
opportunity to actually be a part of
going to NASA seeing one of the last
space shuttle missions I think a lot of
you guys know I kind of obsessed with
space I was invited to the Super Bowl
what happened
I honestly I have no idea where to go
with this video like I have a list but I
kind of just wanted to wing it and so
bear with me obviously with all these
amazing things that have happened to me
or with me I should say over the course
of my early to mid 20s to now being 32
years old I mean that's a huge span of
life I was able to share it like I said
the good and the bad and unfortunately
there was really really dark times and
bad times in my life obviously the first
one would have to be diagnosed with a
brain tumor not once or twice and having
two brain surgeries and putting it on
the Internet Patrick's my new favorite
nurse Susan pretty much he calls me
honey
because she Patrick's totally Bostonian
yeah totally is you read about that this
is most Bostonian dude I never met the
Mark Wahlberg who I also like a melted
fudgesicles color frappe Bostonian let
me make that somebody made it right
welcome to your brother Andre loves this
honestly one of the toughest times of my
life you know what to be honest I have
no idea how I've kept this record going
so long I've had so many amazing people
helping me I've had Ally speed help me
I've had my friends I've had my family
I've had such an amazing support system
through these these years and I know I
couldn't have done this by myself but I
knew that if I was able to make these
videos and put them out there that it
would help somebody to those helping me
and that was another turning point in
these videos to where I was like oh
these videos aren't just for me they
actually are helping people they're
inspiring people they're making people
feel a little less scared because I was
terrified going through a stuff I still
get kind of terrified thinking about it
because it was scary it was a scary
experience I I've talked to so many
people that have gone through similar
situations and they watched the videos
and they realized that I wasn't scared
or I didn't pierced it I did humor and I
kind of show people that have a sense of
humor and makes things a little easier
and when I met people and they said they
watch the videos and made them
more comfortable before their surgery it
was one of the most humbling experiences
I also went through a marriage and a
divorce on the internet and that was one
of the hardest times swad I think it's
hard to talk about the amazing times of
3,000 days of your lives without
obviously talking about really hard
times and I think that's the beauty
about these videos I mean when you think
about your life for eight years so much
happens and it's so crazy to think about
you will get a lot but like with the
daily videos you can't forget them
because they're always online and they
will always remain online because that's
what it is nothing goes away from the
internet stuck once you put on the
internet it's stuck
but I also found love again and was able
to get married again something that I
didn't think honestly I would ever do
again because I was terrified let alone
put it on the Internet
I've got to go all over the world of the
band I've gone to pretty much any
country that I can think of that I never
thought I'd ever go to Malaysia
Singapore
Oh Fran beautiful scenery man looks like
a wallpaper Germany which Alain Finland
Norway Australia be hating on you
already three months
Reuben what I say about that Brazil
always do the sign night is awesome dude
Julia I know Daniel Fernando and a nice
desk Olli hey going so many countries
and I got to meet so many of you guys in
the process I never thought you know me
trawled taking a camera filming my daily
life whether it was Monday and exciting
or not and putting it on the internet I
would have people all over the world
watching them and when I went to these
countries and I had really deep
conversations with a lot of you guys
about how videos may have helped you and
inspired you which honestly is humbling
to say that these videos helped anyone I
feel like I've done my job and I feel
like with you guys it's been the coolest
time in my life I made a list of things
over here so if you see me glancing over
here it's because I made a list of some
of the things that I wanted to say and I
haven't really looked at it yet because
that's why I'm rambling there has been
so many amazing moments of these videos
that I can think about I can't even I
can't pinpoint I put on Twitter asking
people what are their favorite moments
and as they told me I looked about
myself and I was like oh yeah that's
kind of cool I remember that day because
I forget you know what I mean it's hard
to remember every single day for life
and the little things that you do that
may have affected somebody or made
somebody laugh and that they remember it
and then they can go day 98 when you did
this when you fell on your face
and trust me I fell on my face quite a
lot don't believe me
I told ya
actually I CTFxC or made that I totally
not embarrassed at all let me think here
some of the moments that kind of stand
out for me right now so let me think
really quick so the daily videos of the
eight years Charles what were some of
your favorite ones first one snowball
fight second one prank house I would
have to say going on stage two weeks
after my second brain surgery when I was
told not to advocate when you're
learning how to play an instrument your
dream is to be a musician to go around
the world play for a thousand one
hundred thousands of people get your
music out there and I never ever ever
dreamed that I will have that
opportunity as well as this opportunity
that didn't exist as a kid YouTube that
would be one of the most amazing moments
like I said going to NASA that would be
another huge one going on worked or
touring with that actually just in
general touring with bands that I grew
up the reason why I play music are
because of some of the bands I actually
got to tour with you don't like I've
been friends with the guys from AFI
toured with Taking Back Sunday Simple
Plan yellow card every band on Warped
Tour the best part is I got to share
this experience with a lot of you guys
and I don't really know
another moment I can really remember
that kind of stands out was the day I
think was where was I science Singapore
or Malaysia I was somewhere over there
we were on tour and it may have been I
can't remember have to look back of the
videos because things are online
but I tried this fruit it's called areum
I'm probably butchering the name but
it's the world smelliest fruit like it's
banned in a lot of public places and
smells that bad
I remember going to do a radio show and
we were all being as the whole guys were
being challenged to do it and I remember
I almost threw up I smelled like eggs
rotting that's what it smelled like and
people eat this what I had to do it
because it was a challenge and I was
dared to so naturally I have to do it
most of the things I do on the blogs I'd
do it for the blog throw up is
definitely good I think a little juice
oh so much love going on right now see I
feel like a lot of the pivotal videos
that really stand out to me come from
the tour vlogs because just being around
with these guys that I've known for my
entire life being goofballs on tour and
tour bus always turns into something
hilarious and I feel like that was one
of the coolest things that I was able to
share with you guys in these 3000 days I
don't know if you guys remember the day
hunter and Koli think was in Finland got
trapped in an elevator almost all night
think a movie like the stereotypical
trapped in an elevator they could see
out but they can't get out you know are
you guys stuck yeah I'm going to go up
to my I'm in 405 I'm in 405 I'll be up
with my rocket Edith there we're going
to take the stairs because you're stuck
in the elevator that story is still told
countless times on the tour bus I love
that blog so much because it just makes
me laugh every time I go back and watch
it it makes me laugh I remember another
video was the day I went up to Idaho and
I couldn't drive at the time I could
enjoy a lot of you guys might know I
couldn't drive for
for years roughly give or take four year
three four years because of the brain
surgery and then as a result I had
seizures all the time I was on
chemotherapy all these things I was
documenting on the internet and I
remember going to see my leg one of my
best friends Shay and he was so
determined she was like you haven't
driven yet he's like getting a car so we
went in his truck went in the hill and I
remember it was the first time I've
driven in like four years
Mario Andretti at the wheel I'm just
gonna miss appeal oh my gosh oh my gosh
look at these tracks with your long
drive I like to stole it that was
awesome
another one that really makes me laugh
all the time was the day my wife and I
dressed up as old people for Halloween
and she got so into it that it's crazy
to say it made me love her so much more
because of how into it and how much fun
she was having oh there's so many tricks
okay so thinking back up another video
here another important video I'd say
would be the day I introduce you guys to
squiggles Ali what was the video title I
don't remember the video title but I
remember we were on Warped Tour and that
was the day I introduced you guys to who
would be my future wife I say it's an
important video because it was a scary
video to do not just for myself but for
her and I feel like it was an important
video because I wanted her in my life
and I wanted her to be in your life I
wanted to bring us all together Ventura
California and look who's here
we got Wiggles aka Ali she's here for a
first show this for some of the videos
say hi
I feel like that was a huge turning
point in my life and the way I go about
filming my days honestly without her
support through all the hard times I may
not be doing I may have not even come
close to 3,000 days so I feel like that
was a huge huge thing to have her
introduced in the videos because she
changed my life but I think my all-time
favorite video has got to be the day I
married the love of my life it's easy as
that sounds that has to be my favorite
all-time video easily hands down
I know there's so many things like if I
think about it like I could probably
talk about the suffer of hours because
there's so much content and there's so
many things that have happened that I
could I can talk about again but the
problem is I can't remember titles or
videos or anything like that so I can't
specifically remember I just remember
moments so those are a small small small
my new like fraction of my favorite
videos that we've done over the past
3,000 days in the comments before we
leave I want you guys tell me either the
first day or the first day number that
you can remember that you certain
watching the videos or if you don't know
that like your favorite all-time vlog
tell me the day numbers because then
that way myself and anyone else reading
the comments can go watch that video as
well you guys are gonna probably be
reminding me of a few videos if I don't
remember thank you guys so much for
3,000 days I love you so so much more
than you can ever imagine this is the
greatest gift anyone can give me or give
anyone and I'm forever in your debt and
I hope I hope I hope I hope that somehow
that these videos were able to change
your life or just inspire you make you
happy or just like escape for 10 minutes
if I've done that correctly I feel like
I've contributed something positive
honestly guys I'm being super-genuine
from the bottom of my heart thank you
for everything everything you've done
for me
everything you done for my family my
friends just everything I mean just
honestly thank you for sticking through
all the ups the severe downs and then
the ups again because it's been a long
time 3,000 days is a very long time and
I hope to have another conversation like
this another 3,000 so 6,000 days how
many years would it be 16 years so very
mad yeah that would be funky crap that
would be insane I wonder if that
actually will happen if you are
brand-new and this was your first video
and you kind of dislike reminiscing
thing please go watch from day one I
promise you there's enough videos I
think I think if you were to do the math
it would try to take you
thirty days maybe to watch so just spend
a month go check out the other videos
from the beginning thank you guys so
much I love you so much please subscribe
together brand new click that like
button for 3,000 days and I will see you
tomorrow as always for 3001 bye guys
