right let me die
I'm right they'll see already gold or
silver because I was gonna be platinum
if you're talking about there so it's
kind of a southern boy yeah and the
conversation okay Charlie Sheen you're
watching Charles Trippy and now he's
speaking trippy because we're the CTFxC
it's gonna be a good morning okay you
got it doing what I used to say like you
get ice and then you take a blow dryer
and you melt it down to get water this
is the high tech got hot water cup of
ice take forever those distilled water
that's why I wanted to use the distilled
one because I don't know where that
other water came from we don't have any
cash so we have to get creative the good
Travis's iron the cookies again yeah
your eye in those cookies again I know
there's our videos are so good
hey did you see these oh well this isn't
free oh don't worry out so it comes free
no but do you remember that you sit in
the back and then everyone gets cut
everyone's cool and then you're older
and then you get carsick no when you're
older you get carsick ha ha jokes and
jokes make it slower make it slower
come on Billy don't go again here don't
like this
each week Chico doesn't do this Chris
DeRose nipple in a bag hey Danny watch
your back
don't don't lean back at all Billy
causing problems again bring a choco
snake for fake snakes behold his bottle
it's just this thing always gets caught
for some reason I don't know what it is
being a good guy I guess that's what it
is think the nicest one of you guys so
much didn't go didn't go too far this
time
no no latex glove perfectly Pennsylvania
oh these are ordering for the first time
oh he's just looking boat they have a
boat oh really
Oh Kakashi
shit oh I want to buy both I just had to
go explain I was like yeah he said he's
all assigned for a ship do you sell
boats she's like no no we we ship right
and then I explained to him that in
Japanese that we're yeah big attach the
context in Waukee day I have a big today
viewer do not have ships another one of
these planes signetics might be the same
plane
what do we got there so that looks uh
looks big care to share okay I'm so good
always remember to take a photo so that
way you don't spend hours and hours and
hours found the car time to go home
actually we have to go down to Sarasota
first it could get the dogs because
they're at Lauren and Dennis's house and
then time to go home all right you ready
for the best part about coming home get
ready guys all right all right all
righty then go get her and we teleported
back home you thirsty
teleportation yeah it takes a lot out of
you doesn't it
yesterday that we got some copies of the
posters there they are they're even
better in real life
trust me it's actually on really nice
paper - really nice poster paper so I
just wanted to show you on your this is
actually the print the what is it the
proof this is actually kind of the demo
version because as you can see the
borders not even on the on the real
versions they're completely even but
this is like the test copy he sent a
while ago so yeah if you haven't gotten
your posters out the links in the video
description and if you didn't know yes
those are Zoey and Marley's ears and
that's Ali and that's me that's me
that's how
both just hit the same pitch Zoey Zoey
yeah rip the lasted pieces what did I
just say she literally just ripped me
are you guys going like I do this for
like artistic angle why now you go away
tilts you're right there we go does your
left
there you go is blowing with Tyson sees
every time he looks at you everything oh
my god you don't care all you're so hot
you're so fine so I was like you should
wear those good choice
Zoe don't you wear that that would be
really good on you
the guy we just pulled on
but over here just loop it through all
the way around there we go and now if
you wear them backwards so if you do it
this way okay pull her over oh no do it
backwards it would be amazing it's a new
style do they do do do people do do
people do do all the time do you
remember when I dropped the iPad on my
foot no it's not a laser it there so
they're still growing out take up the
knee
big Chuck chop-chop yeah yeah yeah so
you were squeaking of things yeah
wait I will get a toy let's see what she
comes back but as what as soon as she
comes back with okay bat bat oh not the
squirrel not the scroll Zoe that's a
squirrel I'm sorry I apologize I
apologize I will never do it again
girls gonna have some fun so I'm going
to pass you on to the girls girl vision
jump every time a camera is in front of
a girl
all girls jump you can put the other eye
you don't want the internet together
she literally I'll see you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna go to bed early I'm tired so
it's all the girls now it's all the
girls tell him he's a big lemur for not
celebrating New Year's Eve mm I don't
care if you guys were gone and I wasn't
worried yeah yeah is the first isn't oh
so you've been wrong this whole time
no do you want to go watch Simpsons
we'll go hang out what Simpsons
seriously oh one off one off
with y'all trippin
with Goofy and Ally
