morning you're watching Charles Trippy
and owies trippy
cuz we're the CTFxC the internet killed
TV billboards thank mornin morning on a
way to Hershey we uh pick up a straggler
we have a new traveling buddy already
it's the morning somebody Zorn yet for
Billy didn't tip the guy that like takes
your luggage of the curbside the snake
would come out did you start rat you
rattle Billy gets mad he just starts
making like a rattlesnake Norris and
just like the guys experiment villi like
a little round like a rattle or
something I can fall asleep
look at this with his hands look at that
she didn't need for a while well then he
comes with the food and then Travis runs
off to it's gonna be a good morning how
you feelin snake I feel great don't good
long tuckered out
we
yeah apparently they still make those an
airplane with a propeller where's the
rest of the plane oh that's what it is
we are so imagine like that's the back
of the plane it's like a bus or just
like a field trip like I'll be the
things filter later wait
so he's not even you're not even in the
wit like a window seat
do not move if you move I'll punch you
look this is what I was talking about
look up tiny that's just like you know
like the bass book like a school bus
yeah your head your now again I
wakey-wakey obsolete the last ones on
the blue I get penal s once on this
planet that baby it's like for the last
people new roadie we got two new roadies
now pick something to do that she's
posing right there I can't know it's all
so you had that all right that test come
on
but can you jump from here you do that
way good place a yes oh yeah you could
do that boom tube kicks I imagine it's
never one two three good sweet
don't mess me up get get it everyone's
asleep we were going to go to Hershey
Park but apparently Hershey Pennsylvania
sucks as far as getting cabs I called it
for you don't you hate it when you call
a cab company and they just answer hello
and you're like hi is this a cab company
they go yeah and then you're just like
I'm sorry I didn't know you didn't say
hey yellow cab or hey capital it doesn't
I'm ranting I have good news good news
everyone wait I'm letting you do that
hey good news everyone there we go I
just got off the phone with Phil and the
posters are now on sale because the this
is uploaded January 1st I'm recording in
this is for the past it's 2011 guys I'm
talking to you from the past it's crazy
it's kind of good the posters are
available they're on sale we have a if
you get them now we knocked out 5 bucks
so you can basically get so we have 2
colors available we got the teal one and
then we have a black version and then if
you get both of them at the same time
you actually will save you'll get both
of them for $10 off so I'm gonna put the
link down there you can go to for human
people's comm and it should be like if
you go right there it should be right at
the top and you can click on it it's on
sale we it was 15 bucks we knocked it
down to $9.99 for a limited time it's a
limited run this was actually made by a
CTF X here they look amazing I looked at
the the prints just before going to the
airport
yeah the post is available links down
there in the video description or you
can go to for human people's comm get
both of them get the get the black and
the teal they kind of look cool actually
next to each other at the contrast say
what's pill right there actually
so yeah you asked for posters and we
made them and I think they're pretty
sick so go check them out they're on
sale cheaper than normal for a limited
time I think for a first week or
something like that so yeah go get both
of them if you want after haggling with
the taxi guy we just said screw it
maybe maybe we'll end up at the park and
I don't know but we're just gonna go
apparently there's a place called sheets
sheets so it's written on the corner
yeah there were cookies in the lobby
guess who guess who found them
we're gonna go to sheets right now and
just go sometime how everyone's asleep
this is pretty sweet
all right I smoke
there's so many options look at a leaf
is found all right we made a video on
the Charles Trippy channel probably 2010
2009 we called it fred water oh yeah
they actually have Fred water go to
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy and or
just price search Fred water but go to
youtube my gosh Charles Trippy and look
for Fred water it's an old video one of
the first ones Ali and I made okay we
did our very first Sheets order oh we
have to pay we can't just like go get it
for free
got some shitty coffee did you get some
shitty food okay I see my sheet let me
see your sheet okay would you get a
chili dog this is gonna be the shittiest
food that I've ever had huh damn it but
I got some espresso so it's gonna be
good
sorry I'll fall asleep Scooby a long
night it's well I got some coffee like I
said earlier from sheets and ironically
enough it's pretty good coffee yeah oh
it was like medicine all right hurry up
we got to go to San JAC
so we're actually playing great on the
road it's freezing right now actually
how cold is it was here
Siri what is the temperature right now
oh it's 48 I'm from Florida sir he'll be
on my side see mine
I see if I do it's right there so we got
Billy to actually hook this up it sounds
amazing
always watching always watching
right here they're waiting they're
coming here later for the show but
they're here for sound check so what do
you guys have any like recommendations
about Hershey what do you do here
chocolate good story time with Danny
Duncan it's great you did another day
awarded JD Power and Associates for best
drummer he's not covering up the plaques
or boom could be our server what oh holy
crap is Jeff go room this is it's pretty
cool he just caught me like felony I'm
Jeff don't Jeff Goldblum get him some
some omelets would you Oh two times
this camera looks a lot better than the
other one there we go 3ds it 3ds oh
excuse me that's a whole different
gender no it's pretty packed and to be
back so it's actually saying kettle on
base so they can suspend things without
me
no no they get on basic to you or they
don't be la diferencia is snake over
there
Bieber going like this 400 that hat you
look so world let me see those digits
you move and I'm okay you got it
oh you're frozen their tribe
Yoshi Yoshi Yoshi Yoshi never go
sneaking food
yeah
you guys are get your okay what do we
have to do walk across the stage old
camera break your bug wait on this stage
around that wait screwed on the stage or
on the ground okay
clapping me
holy don't touch the button okay go and
fresh all these levers Mac all right up
there yeah just which is somebody's much
button it looks easy oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah just like playing a point
gonna be a good year
there's a Nero D baby okay we're good
we're good
Ali lost the camera and Yoshi saved the
day cleaning ladies upstairs really
camera so all those Yoshi visions could
have been gone on there - well with that
what's that over there huh
that's my haunts my party had a good
party now yeah CTFxC or gave it to me
cuz they rule all right guys end of 2011
beginning of 2012 we're just hanging out
in the hotel and partying up he's doing
that just to ruin the footage but I'm
gonna leave it in now yeah alright guys
I'll see you tomorrow hope you had a
good day everyone hanging out I know
nothing good night guys
see in 2012
giddy with y'all trippin
don't forget
