I put on your favorite movie just for
you good day
look what's on you're watching Charles
Trippy and Aoi the speed trippy
does where the CTFxC
ZV
okay I'll watch read the movie all by
myself out with the old man with a new
not sure what I guess I'll just keep
this we can just use this you know for
anything random keep oh you want some
silver right yeah it's a great day for
everyone everyone gets new stuff Zoey
you want some silverware silverware jeff
goldblum happy last Friday of 2011 I
can't believe that like we're to be here
go like that's insane
oh wait I'm it is you know what time it
is it's new year's resolution timer time
broccoli rinse your flatware after use
punctuality has been a goal of mine
forever somehow to never come to
accomplish that so I am going to I
cannot be late
like I will attempt to be within five
minutes of the allotted time space so
that is going to be punctual any healthy
be nicer to people give back more of the
communities work out little peace bro
these
oh yeah I'd be an Evo today I was
listening to Pandora and wait
hi there we go so remember Dashboard
Confessional he can't uh artists came on
and it really just I just literally time
traveled well that's weird to say
literally time travel I figured tively
time traveled back to like high school
it was really wit you know like when you
listen to a song or like an artist
there's a musician or band or a rap I
don't whatever or something a movie and
you just like can remember that like the
moment where you used to like listen to
it all the time no I never listen to
Dashboard Confessional
no or anything like that I listen to
Slayer and that's it and hatebreed so I
have to go to the mall and run a few
errands and again so I think there's
something I think it might be like a
nail in my time cuz this is like getting
ridiculous but I got some coffee and I'm
ready to start today this is fancy what
is this what is all that
it's like a mad scientist lab blingin ah
then my stupid little cabins off alright
I got my gun
really is how I get aired what but that
is its holster oh I went to the wrong
one this is Frank up what's with the
fragrance that's my thought this is
let's do this fragrance fragrance
selector what is three doesn't say what
this is really extreme I've never done
this before just in case you can't count
the caves truck yeah yeah forty seconds
to do this
what is it doing
yeah okay what's locked thing
I really honestly don't know what I'm
doing what is this like this what am i
doing
I'm just blowing I'm blowin smelly air
into my car and that was it
that was the dumbest thing I've ever
ever wasted money on well now I gotta go
over there and get my hair so a random
act of kindness
just hit me Oh a guy was getting up his
water and he's like dude just you don't
get the free air you don't have to pay
so keeping over the whole pay it forward
thing I'm just gonna do this for the
next person cuz I feel like karma you
know what I mean pay it forward it's
like 75 cents it's like air but it was
like the small gesture the guy was like
not dude you don't need to be paying for
that stuff he already paid for it so
just do it random guy let me gave you a
lot of air thank you I don't know when
you always like when a person does
something like that it's always you kind
of gets your step back a little bit like
no no I don't impose but they're just
trying to be nice because they want to
do something nice and I think that's
that's it's a cool reminder and kind of
like a life lesson and yeah it was cool
it just probably in such a good mood and
now I'm that pissed about oh look at see
and now the air is back reading the
tires back to normal and now I'm not mad
at it well when I get bored I remember
like little fun facts and I remember
looking at Twitter right and somebody
had replied me I like a little fun
little bad thing all right you take your
age whatever whatever age you are and
then you take the last two odd numbers
from your birth year so mine would be 27
and then 84 27 plus 84 is 111 and that
will work on pretty much every every age
I guess unless you're like over the age
of 111 in which case you're just a
badass
if you find an age or a sequence that
doesn't work I'll let me know in the
comments but yeah just write in the
comments just write your age plus the
last two numbers of your birth year and
see if it equals 111 I had to go over to
the oil department to make sure to do
the walkthrough inspection so they
wouldn't charge us but this is the final
final day the final time here
all right everyone say bye do something
she's like blow it up she were just like
drop a bomb on it goodbye apartment
you were good does Dennis is helping us
with the pool and Zoey now has a brand
new light to look at
Zoey I dare you I dare you a double dog
dare you a double dog dare it doodoo
squirrel friends come out again where'd
they go pools nice and clean again are
they eating our oranges gosh they're
like really going at it with those
things they're going to buy crow hey
stop that stop that stop that do you
guys have one of these in your garage
just to make sure like it's like so
funny like everyone has this the only
means just think to make sure you know
where you can stop your car this thing
that everyone has they just don't know
what maybe I should ride that can you
guys keep up with me if I write that
stop that stop we're so sorry - Joe -
Joe nation TV and Olga and Jess because
we just found out that mr. wanton was
hit by a car and that's just off so I
just wanted to say sorry sit down and um
if you could please go and now reply on
Twitter or go to mr. Watts YouTube
channel and just leave some love for
them because that's a really hard thing
to go through uh yeah so that sucks he
was our little friend and we're gonna
miss him very much we love you on top
and we hope that you are having a blast
and puppy have it all right
sorry that was random and sad but I just
want to do it today sorry cuz they're
good friends about yourself we love you
guys so sorry recently a lot of people
have been saying with Ali's camera that
the left channel the audio channel is
beefed up and so I'm gonna go take it
because we have a warranty in stuff like
that but if you as you
you can look at it it's in perfect
condition I want to show you my camera
we go back to our old old camera this is
the 780 so she's gonna film on that this
is gonna get repaired and that now I'm
gonna go I'm gonna switch cameras just
so you can see what this camera looks
like and it still works okay look at
this and this is my camera right here so
it's you can see right there it's
shattered here so we had to put a piece
of tape over it so I wouldn't cut myself
that doesn't close looks pretty beat-up
and yet it's still working better than
this perfectly good one so I'm gonna get
this one replaced this is gonna come
back get me get this one replaced so
that way we go to South America we're
gonna have working cameras for both for
both of us any uh are you guys hungry is
that what's going off that's what it was
all right all right time to take this
the doctor well actually this is better
look at this they just swapped it out so
Ali has a brand new red camera and why
why am I still talking on this old thing
I just want to point out you remember
when you guys when we did the original
switch from this camera to this one you
guys preferred the audio on this isn't
really funny ah it's good to be home now
when we get back from the show at
Hershey Pennsylvania I want us to switch
out the black one so we'll have good
ones for 2012 up my manliness but though
we got now we have our very own grill
so it's Yuki's birthday and we're all
hanging out oh is this open there's a
lot there we go happy birthday to you
happy birthday Cory are you so excited
that your shoot is something I can't
wait to see new phone that was perfect
timing dude so yeah it's gonna be are
you gonna post it on your channel are
you gonna have it okay jafer what are
you making
yeah you guys are so thoughtful and
creative it's wonderful I'm just gonna
film you aren't you proud of this Draper
I'm so proud I feel proud of myself just
being here as being a part of it because
this is great her have make-a-wish
all the cake it's gonna melt so far so
step snap brother boys vs. girls taboo
this is gonna be a blast I'm gonna
record around so you can just see the
madness that ensues
we're totally bago Yogi Bear he would
always steal these okay in Mario he was
one of the characters the really small
one Oh
toad was my full name oh yes can you go
through these in a car it's um like
sonically no no oh it's a really large
no it's happening area you know when
plates come together they form me asleep
okay with the largest ones like a nice
table is okay when you it what's come
with it it's like my car yes already
yeah it's time to go to bed we have a
four five let's go five or six o'clock
flight I don't even remember what you
sleep this your bed use your own bed now
Beauty Beast everything like that a
little more merch yeah all right good
night
today why didn't I goodnight up what are
you staring at I hope to see you guys at
the pre-show and Hiroshi Pennsylvania I
kind of hope we get to go this is like a
theme park it's like a chocolate theme
park so you know what I think of a thing
of The Simpsons
you know when Homer Lee has that fantasy
land he's just going around he's like
eating like chocolate and there was a
pig talking to and he eats the pig you
know sorry I know I'm les Simpson fan
anyway should be interesting so early
flight I'll see you guys tomorrow
good night
with child tripping
with drug therapy
