you waiting for your squirrel buddies to
come out tonight coming out right now
maybe if you keep waiting we've recently
discovered that the scrolls have been
eating oranges and leaving them on top
of the thing I don't even know a
squirrel could even orange or wood in
orange your squirrel friends are messy
what is it yep oh that's care you ain't
gonna go cry so today I had a little bit
of a break from shooting my brother had
to go and do sound but I was not on call
today for my part in Danny likes to call
it Joe dare to so I did submerge ran
some errands and then tomorrow I'm ever
you guys back on set for day three but
my day two of shooting might be able to
get some cool shots
guys I still have to go over some of my
life it takes some time to let it really
sink in oh no if you any of you guys
have ever done plays or any short films
or anything like that it's really hard
to get to know who your character in
such a short like time span so I'm gonna
try to go over a few more times and
we're gonna get to know the character in
and out I feel like I'm on Screen Actors
Guild like Jonathan what's the same John
much Angela - James Lipton you should
create your own backstory
oh thank god it's actually getting
colder hidey-ho neighbor Reno's never
mind the creepy light I just did it so
you guys can see my face otherwise it
would be complete darkness uh yeah uh so
yeah today kind of had a lazy day last
night we were partying we had we had a
bit of a party a shindig if you will I
slept pretty much the entire day as you
can see it is now darkness in the sky
and I am going to go get some uh some
household utensils because I'm gonna be
I want to be manly today Ally's doing
the merge still catching up on the merge
and I feel like I want to fix something
in the house I'm gonna try to go to Home
Depot again and maybe maybe try to fix
something that's a bright that's a
bright so bright
look it's my blood guys you could see my
blood actually I wonder why it is it is
it red cuz of my blood I've always
wondered that I was used to do this when
I was little I assumed it was that but I
just didn't seem like it it looks really
cool
I know I know intrigued by the simplest
things I'm like Zoe McQueen well loser
but yeah it was actually a little bit
nice to have a little bit of a break and
kind of recover I use the time wisely I
helped ally with March and I learned a
bunch of new songs for the South
American tour and the Europe tour coming
up as well as the hometown show in a
couple days and holy shit guys Rock
oh did you guys see that the card use
like literally just like fell in front
of me think everyone's okay though
whoa that was scary alright we're okay
okay
that is freaking crazy I'm Justin you're
driving along talking you guys in a car
falls out of the freakin sky just like
out of nowhere and then just like oh oh
this is kind of getting a little bit
crazy what is going on these cars are
just like flying out of the sky and in
front of my car but there's no damage
there's absolutely no damage from from
my car that is so weird
that is so freaky I'm freaking out right
now I just have a stroke well anyway now
we can go continue my ma'am my manliness
and to try to get this thing taken care
of in time people had a home people
don't really they don't really see the
vlogging I've always just sparingly very
oddly there's a lady over there and
works here is just like staring like
pushing cartons stopped and just stare
hit me it's kind of funny all right
I have absolutely no idea where these
little hooks latches would be
I'm really honestly lost this would be
like if my my dad went to a computer
store the this would be the equivalent
well that's fancy lighting isn't it I
feel like I'm just walking like I know
what I'm doing
I'm like hopefully I just like stumble
upon it that it nope that's a screw that
it no that's a nail that's a hinge but
what am I am I looking for
holy crap my method work I literally
just it worked I literally found it I'm
awesome mission successful damn they had
free Wi-Fi go figure
charters descent this and the rest of
the band and then when you actually
click on it look who it is he's trying
to kidnap Ted I guess he had to fly out
before the show for like a radio show
and he sent all of us that just now I
just wanted to show it to ya that was
funny it appears that Ted is now the
most well-known puffer fish on the
planet maybe other than one in Finding
Nemo but I don't remember his name so
that he could be Ted it's like Ted's
cousin or something oh man Truman Show
you know it's really funny I remember
watching that movie for the first time
and just thinking to myself like how
crazy that idea that concept was you
know for a movie like you know like
every single day you know like recording
someone's live and people wanting to see
it and I always thought it was like the
most interesting fascinating crazy idea
and yeah now look what I'm doing this is
what I do for a living this is like
Truman Show it's like for a lot of
people on YouTube like real-life Truman
Show for
millions of people that's crazy it's
weird to think about it's awesome though
I love that either and look it's my band
that's cold
just messing with her mari yeah she's
like shut up Marley what is the deal
okay let's be nice oh okay Martha you
kind of deserve it right now okay Allie
Allie what are you doing
because I can't come in there with a
camera
all right oh yeah
so we're just thinking about doing
something and then Zoe get down that
stupid thing keeps coming around won't
leave us alone good thing you were able
to duck it nope you got a skunk on your
face play there there we go this is why
we got two dogs teamwork
so would you play with it what the heck
is this
just a third one you're not missing much
you just sees dead people it's no big
deal
they in here how they do it here hey
guys are you working hard or hardly
working
all right let's see where all the girls
win really go through this way very much
having fun funny guy Ali and Lauren are
still hard at work doing the merge so
everyone asking where their hoodies are
the teachers oh they're working right
now see it's all getting mailed out for
the little stimuli line this way you get
a little bit of Marlene Zoey here
barley already went in there and just
laid on a bunch of it right we're
supposed to do that huh all right always
the links always licks her mouth
Christine's gonna be a lawyer one day
she should be doing her lawyer ings for
me are you fixing hey I got the books
today so probably smell the coffee like
oh that stinks
oh it smells like a fart she does if I
look at she don't even look at it it's
just coffee
ha ha ha okay I'll take it away I'm
sorry
doesn't like the coffee oh also I just
got off the phone with Phil and a lot of
you guys have been asking for a very
long time about doing the possibility of
making posters and there was a guy his
name is glad I believe he's uh does a
tumblr page like the many faces of
Charles Trippy in the many faces of
alley he made this really really awesome
poster and Phil asked if we wanted to
make him and then you know I was like
that could be a really cool idea so here
are the the
cup designs of what the poster will look
like we're gonna either do black or like
a blue teal you see like this I don't
know like what do you guys think like I
don't know which one's better like do
you think we should do do both and you
guys have an option like oh so you know
somebody wants to teal they can appeal
those who want black and have the black
one you want both to get the black and
the teal one we were trying to figure
out on the phone which one we should do
so I said you know what just here just
send over a mock-up photo and which is
what you're looking at and I would let
you guys decide so what do you guys want
do you want a teal version do you want a
black version or do you want a black and
a teal like any option so you can have
both if we want or whatever we're
thinking about maybe doing this January
1st
starting January 1st the posters will be
on sale so I'm really really really
stoked this is something you guys have
been asking us to do for a very long
time and we finally have the means and
we have the connections that we can
actually make it happen so let me know
in the comments what do you guys think
and hopefully come January 1st these
will be on sale and all that fun cool
stuff I think they're so cool cuz it's
like the silhouette of alie myself and
then Zoe Marley Sears and then a little
camera one what was the other one and
two all right guys it's time for bed
ready for bed ready to go bed ready go
bed let's go on where's the loser who oh
my god get down okay
really why are these things like
everywhere that was just a false alarm
yeah I think those ones look good that
was that was another close call is
everyone
oh my god
see what you did
worse yet sexy
with dripping
Nellie
you
