I hope that you guys take all of this
b-roll and turn it into some kind of
spoiler movie it's totally gonna ruin
that shoot so we're here today and we're
shooting what is the last scene of the
movie it's kind of like like the end of
the movie pretty much got a sound dude
here and real good super profession char
morning you know I mean it wouldn't it
wouldn't be like the start you know
everything if you like this by the hair
okay so it wouldn't be like a good start
to what we were doing if there wasn't
some kind of mistake right off the bat I
think that's good luck I think it means
that everything is gonna go great from
here on out that's what I'm thinking but
this morning Justin and I went to the
wrong location whatever you know what
we're here now so that I pulled up to my
friend's house like we made it we're
here it's good feeling good about this
it's feeling super good about this extra
toilet just in case anybody has to go
we've got plenty of toilet space right
here okay look at the camera look at the
camera oh my god
here come the crazies get your butt off
me look at my feet oh geez
oh you're so pretty Thank You Luka bring
the bone to being in it
thank you and here we have a Miley
climbing on Ezeli we've got these
dynamic we actually just we really did
not know if the gun was loaded just now
and it was a very scary moment come
across a small problem I will stand on
the doorway we're doing with code block
English
the tech very technical yeah super
technical term it's so cool pretty
successful so far I've had to wait for
the neighbors take quite a little bit we
had a lot of dogs running around hey
chorus hey blogging Welling locking up
these shots okay I'm gonna go what's
happening here and have my friend Tim
vlog this predator and hand the camera
over
Oh craft services you are my baby make
me a sandwich woman take it up Luka take
it up
yeah right now I'm writing on the front
of a car we're getting a shot of the
dogs running behind us and we don't have
a dolly you know it works really well as
a dolly vehicle both hands on the wheel
Sophie as a dolly kind of ride along
it's a blast are you doing Super
Troopers oh yeah actually born
oh wait no he says the right time is
like 45 44 now yeah yeah how fast are
you going sir I fast ma'am
four miles per hour hey chorus if you
doing in and out of boat right now
you want to fill me do hey Christine
came to visit you can't gonna throw this
camera to you dude do not drop another
this camera do not drop
looked like this okay so here we have
wild Cory Gallagher only a one-of-a-kind
very where it seems like it's a it's a
trippy as you can see this little one is
taking about very careful steps across
okay why don't you just jump
that's slightly scary I've never done
this before
are you there right yes okay so hey that
would actually probably be really
awesome to make sushi with hey is the
roux but cleaning up all your hair
this guy's gonna have a lot to do kick
the basketball oh no a nice shirt as
you're rubbing Zoey's face what are you
drinking there huh Ally's obsessed Oh
who got this all good and exoticjess
everybody got Hallie one of these things
because she's been obsessed with copies
sup blur this is a day of history right
now Andrew just showed me all right so
uh call me or something
okay watch my watch my phone see if it
works
what what is what is this wait now it's
not working what's going on what is it
cousin what what the trick did you do
something he just had a stroke Punk'd
there goes so when you get an alert in
the screens off the light goes I didn't
know this existed he just showed it to
me okay so okay I want to show you guys
how to do this you go to settings then
general then would you say accessibility
yes there we go and then you go to LED
flash for alerts and just turn that on
she's so everyone thank Andrew for that
one look at Zoe she's like freaking it
for Christmas Melissa got us a fire pit
and we have everyone over here right now
we got to get some firewood but out in
Florida is not really available
everywhere
the thing about maybe gonna steal some
Christmas trees and just igniting those
I'm camera this is really fund is the
burn stuff racism which is burning well
you just get all this wood and just burn
everything
oh look oh yeah good idea
we're deep in the jungles of Home Depot
34 finally
I think if we just get a lot of mulch
and just glue it together it'll work
because they have mulch they have
nothing else basically we went and
chopped down a tree we put it in
packaging and then we just paid for it
it's get a weird that we just bought
firewood like when there's all this
trees and stuff like that it's like you
know people going out and buying dirt or
rocks I always find that to be kind of
funny too so we can do s'mores and then
you got fire up back there
fire what is it lighter fluid this way
oh try to get s'mores now chocolate oh
there's no Oh what do you need what kind
of chocolates you need oh it's right
here chocolate chocolate chocolate chop
ah here we go it's good a six pack of
chocolate guys it's too big those won't
fit on traditional graham cracker those
marshmallows are making me really
uncomfortable this is the final of
everything that's a lot of beer near and
far to give you my seed is that you have
made fire oh oh you make it so it's nice
oh he's lighting Andrew on fire there we
go is that better SOS we're burning down
so is this how the cavemen did it they
got the same few times and they just put
it underneath some wood that's all you
need is New York time st. Pete Times a
newspaper a newspaper is one of those
things where they used to write news on
it they don't have those anymore pretty
much they no longer exist oh no no no my
first fire guys that will catch in a
second so you might know let's try to
keep Andrews face not on fire you know
it's crazy
I wanna see explosion or gasoline maybe
gasoline would be good hey Andrew you're
pretty good at blowing that wood right
there was like I will not look at you
she has a little jacket on and Zoey is
absolutely flames on our Jordans 20
minutes until does it gambling's illegal
guys are those flames coming at me this
is the best place for her to be big wait
wait I think I saw something though
you're on fire it does you did very
presentable you did a very good job it's
like impossible to keep this thing in
focus because it's so dark it's either
this you guys can't see anything I
figured you know this is better than
nothing
okay Zoey do not eat that please I'm
smart I'm that little yellow thing right
there is Marly if you can see make a
wish I think Danny is calling Danny or
Danny Duncan keep standing I keep
standing right in front of it only makes
you stronger well your face isn't even
like it's so dark you can't even see
your face right now oh my god
is it 50 I think how internet enjoy this
because this is amazing looking I mean
and I'm probably screwing up the lens
what are you doing Marley oh you're
comfy no coffee she doesn't wanna know
you don't do that we should probably get
married or something
we should get we should get married
let's get married or something Joey goes
there we go
so you can't have it right now
we're bad
triple out triple out
I came to focus on your face I feel like
the green the green is 25 I thought it
was here's the point here's my point
here's mark oh and admit you may be true
what is this that's funny this is double
20 40 20
that's 60 look look at all that service
area yeah like more we try to be logical
right now in words why is this 50 when
it's really hard today and this is 60 no
no 20 a tube so there are what are you
guys Ellie would you isn't the object to
get on the bullseye
there's no I wish to have a clean camera
it's not broken no I can't even focus on
your face
that would have been so much cool if you
made it
help us out so it lands good enough to
zoom on this is it good enough to do
Thanks what you doing stuff yeah
Here I am
our handshake
I would like that one how about we do it
she she was moping here I said you want
a cookie
don't significant my leg
I'm not filming you sure it's wrong here
Wallace ball this ball
alright guys exciting day I will see you
tomorrow and I am in alleys closet good
night
worse yet
to be an ally
