no it is only the beginning
good morning guys you're watching
Charles Trippy and are we speaking
trippy because we're the CTFxC
the internet chill TV so it's it's a
capo it's not a laser it is a capo not a
laser Merry Christmas
Zowie oh yeah do I need to get a DMC
good a DMCA for doing that now this is
Justin's music right now and then
snowing
cuz it's Christmas oh it's accumulating
look at that we just got back home and I
saw this and I want to show Ally she
hasn't actually seen this so but I asked
the girl to send this and actually write
that on there so I actually would know
okay we open this this is the girl right
here
and this is what she drew ready for this
out isn't it amazing this girl right
right here seems like we're now addicted
to darts dude we're not good Dennis made
this for us did I show you what I did
just got one of the test the guard I was
like I'm just gonna throw as hard as I
can against like the guard it goes like
completely through nice what are you
reading over there I'm reading vogue
you're gonna do the vogue right now I
don't know isn't that like voguing isn't
it like a dance yeah right there it is
yeah Gary's playlist is all Madonna
she won't go to sleep it's like 5:00 in
the morning she won't go to bed oh no
just go to bed go to sleep
you actually scared me a little bit yes
huh
making hanky so we have a Grinch who
won't wake up
I'm smearing 11 o'clock we're gonna use
a special Christmas tactic that has been
passed down for generations in my family
in order to wake up lazy and sleeping
family members now the only thing is I'm
just gonna find my super special secret
tool in here
help me help me internet help me find it
you know what I was right it is hiding
up here super special secret surprise
passed down from generation to
generation which is totally alive but
you know what it sounds good to go that
Oh Christmas oh man you guys you know
what this means
cookies we watch out for Santa have a
bite out of them being so Santa's real
yes I had to hang up here because I knew
the doggies I love these oh this thing
is so much more fun because it's in the
shape of a ballbuster he's like I'm
gonna try to find something today that's
my goal there we go thank you
she's like they're just socks what you
mean of course you know she destroys
everything every day she knows just it
this is the difference in color over the
course of a year
look we want me to destroy something I
can totally do that number while you're
eating the actual package got it go
Keelung one is one get studies opening
that would you get there Justin
scattered so I have a pretty cool
brother-in-law
I know get underway well what is that is
it a vinyl how do you put that in the
odd CD player can that fit on my iPod
it's so cool the hand covers awesome
hi hey hi coving a little dog party
going on merry Chris I'm in focus I
think I am we'll see once we look at
this footage hi Merry Christmas doing
this
you got your ADEs headband in hello
where's your shirt I believe what do you
have you got to believe I don't know I
lost mine I have and I believe one we
have all this food I think they just
want all this that's a lot of Turkey
who's gonna get the ball goes there we
go wait so how old is that thing just a
box okay where's the that looks so oh my
god just looking at the housewife I am
losing supremely badly game
oh boy so right now I'm trying to help
to choose outfits for my character for
the movie this is what I have on so fine
if you really see what I have on but
it's a lovely plaid shirt and some
ridiculous high waters a little clip as
you can tell I am sort of a farm girl
whatever that means
so this is part of my we're picking
we're trying to find lots of plaid and
shirts that don't have some leaves and
things of like and I'm excited so I
can't wait to bring you guys on set
tomorrow it's gonna be really really fun
I'm gonna film the whole thing so it's
gonna be really fun I haven't made a
movie with that in a really long time
and she's awesome and so excited so
that's gonna be it's gonna be quite the
adventure to film with all these dogs
and everything that's kind of crazy so
I'll take you along for the ride whoo
back at home I'm about to wind down
Lauren and Dennis and Justin got me the
new Simpsons and I am going to open that
up and I'm going to watch it and I'm
going to enjoy it and fall asleep and
dream about the Simpsons anyway you guys
have a good Christmas oh definitely like
to say that ours was stupendous
it went swimmingly but there first it
was our it was our first Christmas what
the heck was this as the trippi's wait
right right the trapeze to those who
celebrate Christmas did you guys get
everything you wanted did you get all
the santa come and at the speed of light
and all that crazy stuff that santa does
oh and I know this stupid pimple won't
go away it just won't go away
no like a vampire didn't try to eat my
face or anything like that do you guys
have like an all-time favorite gift that
you've ever gotten like do you remember
vividly a gift and just just the coolest
one of the coolest memories you've ever
had for me it was when I was younger and
I got like old school Nintendo there NES
Nintendo Entertainment System
my parents like hit it and they give my
sister and I like clues and to this day
that is like the ultimate all-time like
gift that's always
stuck in my head and I was I think it
was what when did I come out 88 87 or
something like that so I was like three
years old I know I've been playing video
games a long time oh oh
veteran oh you know oh yeah so yeah let
me know in the comments the ultimate
all-time your favorite gift yet you got
on Christmas and if you don't you know
celebrate Christmas your all-time
favorite gift period like the best thing
you ever got story time
do you keep slipping yeah so you know
what this is our first Christmas as a
married couple so you're gonna do that
tomorrow morning well dogs are taking
over like normal so you have a perfectly
good bed down there dude
they Justin and I only have to wake up
in five hours to start shooting for the
video the movie jump out tomorrow so
we're gonna get some sleep
what is that there girl on the Dragon
Tattoo girl there's a creep that's
creepy tomorrow the next couple of days
I have to learn I think three or four
new songs for the hometown show on the
29th which hopefully I'll see you guys
and then the Hershey Pennsylvania where
there's a free show and Allie actually
will be at the one at Hershey
Pennsylvania
so I'm gonna go to bed so I can wake up
early and learn those songs and
yeah hope you guys had a great great
Christmas or just a great Sunday just a
stupendous Sunday see his mom very good
Sunday that's exactly what I said
is it really that's exactly what I said
that was almost exactly what I said we
should get married
that would probably be a good idea to
get married yeah we get married oh okay
good night
yes
with child tripping
you
