the result the beginning stages the
middle stage yeah these are delicious I
know I know
no don't you don't you do it don't you
don't you you're watching Charles Trippy
and are weeds trippy does where the
CTFxC
TV hey this is the critical part yep it
do it before it gets hard off the truck
or into the cookie
there's my tongue look what you did
oh you want a cookie I guess Mac miss
miss trippy over here and I are on we're
doing this again just like last year
Christmas last we were I thought we went
shopping on Christmas Eve this is a good
time to use the internet and that's
right because we got I can't remember it
at all it feels like yesterday that was
Christmas Day yeah I was trying to say
what that is exactly what we had the
blogs
we're gonna go brave the stores we
haven't got any Christmas shopping done
at all Ali's been she's been in our
little hobbit hole I've been just
dealing with all this other background
work is about two o'clock and we're
gonna go to the mall someone shoot me
you know because we would have
remembered how horrible have an idea
this was if we're done the thing is
nobody everyone like forgets constantly
they're like oh no just go you know
Christmas you know it reminds me of
Arnold Schwarzenegger and jingle all the
way
good dog good dog I asked my mom about
that if she's ever fought
mom for a present oh boy
hey that's a really big bike
well they killed Mickey uh okay so we're
trying to find putters we both have no
idea what we're doing
see here oh man you got a Scotty Cameron
oh you look super professional no I've
actually I was doing this why Ali was
the exertion right there I made every
one of them did you really yeah no
you're getting a little too cocky well
and you missed both of those I'm just
kidding
you're good you're better than I am we
got nothing you got nothing
I'll do that what is that
you utter that we're getting for my dad
do you look like you're wearing your
golf attire what am i holding
almost anyone you are just so a married
man any men in general enriches your
complexion and your eyes so well any
husband's out there can relate to what's
happening right now just look at it we
should get this are you serious
we should get this we we should get this
as a gag gift
yeah hey what you doing bit oh my god
now I dare you to try to get back up you
know what you're like you're like you're
awkward turtle right now my house a good
Christmas trying to get out of the chair
you got it at the tail you know what's
bad that I did one time in one of those
chairs I actually set up and I had my
hand on the bottom of the chair and I
rolled over my fingers it's like because
you know how like they're like flattened
about him
we're on the hunt for some pink collars
for Zoey Marley oh this little Vespa no
big deal would you like that would you
like the vest blur around why am i doing
that keep doing that stupid voice I feel
like she would like that but she like
sees though it's really awesome
this is the easiest one to shop for - oh
no no oh my god we're gonna we're gonna
hear we're gonna hear that and this all
day I love how you can tell all the pet
owners that are really good pet owners
they're like we're all testing out all
this hi can I blog you because I'm
blogging right now hello what's your
name
Ryan hi Ryan it's nice to meet you a big
fan I literally just turn the camera on
over here child do you have a shout-out
or anything he likes a Ryan Smith TV on
YouTube thanks for watching like a why
you have where we find wonderful okay
now we have a now we have a soundproof
room how many of you remember having
bracelets like this in the 90s
remember those bracelets coming past it
does not feel like Christmas with 81
degrees oh I would like to point out of
funniness but on certain radio stations
you go
I feel like I should sing the whole hog
but you probably click pause or cancel
the entire page cuz I sound like dog
duty we are going to ship out the last
batch of merchandise before Christmas
and I know many of you are waiting but
we're trying really hard
let's do patient I promise coming the
health of people are waiting yes we are
we are we're going I'm going as fast as
we can we have I know that many of you
guys have had super friggin cool parents
who have gotten you shirts for Christmas
some of you you know couldn't have them
under your tree but you've had creative
parents you've had other ways to let you
know that's what you're getting you know
I wish I could give all of you guys a
Christmas present but instead I'm just
gonna say thank you I'm gonna give you a
virtual hug I really do wish that I
could like have a giant Christmas dinner
with all of you that would be insane and
really fun and for those of you who
don't celebrate Christmas I would love
to have a dinner with you anyway just
for fun I just realized that I just
didn't include a lot of you
for that horniest music Christmas music
are the elves hard at work yeah what is
this what is this oh you can't see that
it's supposed to be wrapped you know
that she already found she was in there
Oh touch and it's your plant away look
if you guys hey it's like when they
fluffy when they fly around that avatar
around the big guys yeah it's like you
guys this is the most giant tree I've
ever seen I roll it faster kick it look
at it's a little David Beckham keep
kicking it
see you literally kicking her that's so
hot
kick it keep kicking it you're ready
right now we're doing the most American
thing we could possibly think of on
Christmas Eve
oh that's one of those things where it's
a sounds like a good idea
sesame chicken what is this this looks
like a pig a pig ear oh so we're
continuing the tradition of Chinese food
the day before Christmas because it's
the only thing that's open and it's
always a bad idea in the morning or ten
minutes later yeah
fortune cookie here always the beautiful
answer who asks a mafia that's our class
John I don't know why I was the last one
oh no no no yeah I'm gonna do it oh it's
got rice all over it what happened your
finger eat the cookie
eat the cookie okay people I'm hoping
all of them's my Christmas you will
enjoy peace and harmony in your home
thank you our fortune cookie is
effective if you open up all of them you
can have like 17 I just wanted you know
what's gonna happen you know why nobody
here because I don't pretend I'm gonna
come back in ten years and go what the
hell is a merry heart does good like a
medicine Thank You proper there all
right let's see where Santa's
search all right Santa's in Charlotte I
feel like this needs to be our new
tradition watch fifth element Christmas
Eve that's like the greatest tradition
ever it's kind of funny the thing about
how like different groups of people in
different families have like different
like traditions that they do on
Christmas Eve like like for example ours
are eating Chinese food and now gonna
watch fifth element let's do some
sharing time what what are some of the
especially if they're funny what are
some of the like tradition holiday
traditions that you share with your
family tell us in the comments and was
especially if they're funny I want to
read them because I feel like ours is
pretty pretty goofy Oh other tradition
Ali's favorite the camera again
she's just shun to you take it
that's what I'm doing what I'm not
playing with me the Kings certainly
liking it
what are we gonna call ourselves all
shark all the time that's the bad name
no dude xxx those are the new ones this
is already starting the logo asshat and
then the shark alright there's our logo
happy holidays
hey Merry Christmas Happy Holidays was
that why did home why oh it's like a
Salt Lake song tequila that's water too
who won last year it's Dennis he gets
all elaborate I feel like Dennis made
like a house out of physical keys
he made a working computer out of his
cookie somehow so which attacked there
Daniel was my first time spreading
anything with a No just give the
Internet three seconds to guess what
this is one any guesses anyone there's
the I and there's the mouth that's the
keyword right there there's behind what
is it
there's the tail where you can see off
and there's the forelegs
was the tail coming right back Jack I
just got green frosting on my sweater
and sister knew exactly what to do she's
putting 7m on it you seen any clear
clean we don't need any what is that
called a bleaching thing the bleach
alright guys well Merry Christmas Happy
Holidays for those who you know don't
even celebrate Christmas just happy what
day is it
it's a Saturday hold on where's my
father
it's Sunday I had to look it up I will
see you guys tomorrow
we're gonna kind of you know it's a cuz
it's technically 12:30 so we have to
start so the vlogs will continue
tomorrow morning I will see you guys
tomorrow
have a great day and we'll see you
tomorrow
all right Judas goodnight where is Santa
Santa Santa wait why he Idaho totally
just skipped us
giddy with child tripping
with charity and Ally don't forget
