but it'd be a movie star today you two
guys ready
you're watching Charles good morning
everyone we are driving down to Sarasota
right now we're going down because I
guess doc dev is starting our film it's
starting to film our movie and these
little munchkins I don't know about Zoe
she might be distracted she might be on
loser detail but this little munchkin
that's falling asleep is gonna be in a
movie that she behaves it doesn't bite
anyone or attack anyone
okay thank you for cleaning that yeah so
movie time now I'm gonna go on this side
wait I think that actually worked
yeah you guys played when you were
little
morning guys oh go Annie put them in
their place hey Luca hi she's actually
doing well what are you doing over there
then she just goes to Jesse and his blob
down so Santa came again Mario Marley Oh
get up there come on get there up there
up yeah
and Zoey G so eg Marley Oh what are you
doing good thinking they're just
t-shirts don't worry oh that had fine
China in there
this reminds me of Lollapalooza however
you were doing that the exact same song
go in your crack house I would have
tried to find if it's on the screen
there's an annotation this is Ali
dancing to deadmau5 I love loser
did you believe those in August that was
August those August guys go dance Zoey
go dance go dance Marley I'll go in the
crack house so you guys remember I think
it was round just a movie October or
something like that we flew out to LA to
shoot a couple videos one of the videos
that we shot was called Space Camp do
you guys remember space cat I finally
now that we're all in our new place I'm
on break from tour and stuff like that
I'm actually having time right now I'm
actually able to try to finish this so
hopefully in the next like couple days
I'll be able to like completely get this
done right now Mikey tracking a little
spaceship right there see he flies into
space cuz he's space cat trust me guys
this is one of my favorite videos but I
feel like it's gonna be one of those
ones where people are like what is wrong
with Charles but when you guys get to
watch the video think old really bad
public-access like TV shows oh whoa
what'd I just do oh crap I just screwed
it all up
um that was my panic face did you guys
see a little bit of like fear in my eyes
oh by the way yeah my phone has to
restore again so awesome awesome awesome
possible no big deal just another six
hours or wasting a lot of people are
asking you know if space cat was ever
gonna see the light of day and yes 100%
will see the light of day and Hunter
this is the one that hundred Bergin from
fi is actually into so I gotta go back
to ki to get the literally keep frame
every single frame right now ready one
two three
apparently Zoe's not a fan of darts
either it's like it's like under
pressure new thing when you play darts
now you have to have Zoey like barking
at your face
worked did your squirrel friend come out
then come back I want to play and
possibly eat your face or I can help I
can help ha I can help
looks like you guys got it under control
the balloon is still blown up the things
usually don't last very long
how you doing over there huh are you
doing over there yeah hey you over there
child yesterday I've been singing every
single Destiny's Child song that I know
which is - this is just judging me right
there
excuse me Marley what are you doing oh
dude I just want some cheese under there
it's really good I'm getting in a
cooking mood as you can see I have all
this stuff I'm just like you know what
today I went on one of those days you
guys know me every once in a while I get
into this mode where I just want like
cook everything
oh it's blurry so for a wedding gift we
got this really awesome knife and look
how sharp it is I've never had a knife
that could do this ready stupid things
in a way ready come on everything else
here we show you how all the other ones
are okay alright this is what I had in
college and that's what we're been using
any karate there we go this is
officially the weirdest um you never
ever seen
that's three individual rings I know we
haven't seen you guys very much today
it's just you guys we're dealing with so
many like things right now we're just
trying to label the holidays and things
like that research show that the light
oh yeah whatever you know you can see me
you know doing with the merch and you
know Christmas shopping
look at this is so sad we haven't even
got the decorate our
Christmas tree yeah we got all the
ornaments like right there just chillin
we haven't even got it's like was 12
Christmas Eve right no the day before or
day
what okay it's just you know there's so
much stuff in the way how that goes and
I know I don't have to make any excuses
with you guys because you guys are
always so supportive you guys understand
you know editing today I've been doing
merge it's just getting things together
a lot of behind the scenes stuff she's
so sad this is what Olga and Jess
exoticjess gave Zoey and immediately she
just ripped her head off so funny I'm
gonna go to bed I'll see you guys later
have a good night I have to say good
night in a while
sorry about that some thing I haven't
said in a while of the vlogs was that I
didn't say good night in the last couple
days there were so many good points to
just end the vlog I just wanted that
like leave it like it cliffhanger Pepa
thing what do you got oh it's always
taking that to bed yeah a pheasant so I
want to say good night now and there's
something I am so distracted right now
I'm ready to get Bill Clinton eyes you
notice that I'm getting so tired but you
know what I'm not gonna complain because
you know what today is day 967 967 Wow
967 it's so cool to like look back the
other day Ali and I were talking about
something we couldn't figure out what
are we talking about there was something
like we couldn't figure out like when we
did something I had at least google
searched it and it popped right out
good night CTF xg4 nuts in my mouth I
will crush him
you go to be in a movie tomorrow or in a
couple days you're gonna be in the movie
what are you doing with your leg is that
your sexy pose
that's weird what are you doing on this
bed so I have my pheasant it's it's my
pheasant so no help
well I was weird yep I'm losing it good
night guys
with children
with Jerry
you
