I'm going to show you something awesome
I got say in the mail very excited about
this and it's exam oh look at that
it's a giant mega Flamingo float I don't
have pool but I'm definitely be going to
the beach and using that and I'm
probably going to be bringing that on
our road trip for some reasons hi shun
but I'm going to do it anyways because
the road trip is right around the corner
we're going to do lots of fun stuff done
pooping oh did you show them our other
thing that we got you three oh we good
Oh a grill i grill for the boat trip
what we're thinking that probably
cooking on the RV it's not going to be
bad but we don't want it yeah it's going
to get hot and it might get a little
smoky so we figure you might as well get
a grill because of the timer and want to
grill you holding it as it breaks down
and everything but I'm very excited to
be grilling alone on this RV trip and
bringing my megaphone Mingo slope I
don't know if you know that yet but I'm
going to be busy we're gonna touch you
blow it up once and then we're ever
gonna get off I'll just put in the roof
and when you see an RV driving down the
road with the pink flamingos on the roof
you know it says today we're going to
try to do a couple things that we've
never done before or at least start the
day we have lived here our entire life
and we've never gone on the old Skyway
Bridge see that's the new one right
there that I think in the 70s what
happened is a barge or giant ship here's
a Barnett barge hit this thing and
demolished it and a bunch of people
unfortunately passed away and there's
these crazy photos actually see if I can
put it on the screen right now of the
incident where like cars were going in
the water a car was on the bars I think
too but apparently now that they
converted it because they have the old
Scott they had the new Skyway it's just
like move my Road but apparently this is
the longest fishing pier in the entire
world Mount
yeah is that where collapse my gigantic
stops building if there was something
after what the reason is to that
interesting so as you saw this morning I
wanted to get a shot of the Skyway
Bridge just because we've never been on
here thank you birds are just chilling
they don't want to do anything
I feel like we need to do more things in
our neighborhood that we don't normally
do it's be employed thank you I forget
straight out here just like on the edge
of it just like a really cold me
yesterday's video is so funny like how
we were just walking and dolphins just
came up right next to us and I think I
read a few comments they're like
dolphins in your backyard no big deal
it's kind of funny Florida is like that
it's really interesting but the funny
part that I think Charles is there is a
pier that was in downtown st. Pete
before and they knocked it down I think
a lot of dolphins used to be around the
pier now they're I mean all the time
every time you go to the noid Park
there's often apparently there's an
eight hundred fifty pound grouper that
lives honey
under these underneath here right yeah
and they said that they've watched a
girl like it's been here for so long
that they've seen it progressed into
this huge fish and people try and catch
him and they're poles just like that
look at that that's that's better data
that sets this baby
I've seen this guy we have to accept
that that's not shirk corrected I wasn't
hurt but I think it just glued up but
and Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
since obviously watching today we're
celebrating well today not at 2995
tomorrow isn't crazier things well 2900
you're watching day tomorrow that means
vlog 3000 today we thought you know
obviously go film the that way we
thought it'd be kind of cool
we're going to go down to Sarasota and
just you know check on some things we're
going to go see Ted everyone remembers
cat at the Sarasota Airport home fly out
of the airport in Sarasota and marvel so
now that we move I thought it'd be kind
of cool to go visit him because a CG
havoc fear officially named him through
the aquarium Ted so his official name is
Ted and a lot of you guys ask me how's
Ted doing looking 6i huggers you got to
check that bond an old friend basically
go check out good old Ted and maybe tell
us wish you can just like
I'd sleep said that I thought about is
like I ain't like it's then I can't keep
jellyfish live by the one of salt water
comes that it's totally different
situation smaller tanks I mean parts of
the guava they're so difficult dying in
their mind let a lot of puffer fish like
I would not know I would not be all I
feel so bad in my guilt after the winter
time or hello there Sarah there's that
trusty wall where I tried to jump both
of my face though the girl bomb had to
come here
the lovely park that I just stumbled
upon that one day and wonder what day
that was actually where I just was
driving on I used to drive her on the
golf cart all the time and I just one
day I stumbled on this park and then I
spent probably 50 or 60 blogs coming
here every day still here it's still
here yeah still here this is actually
one of the videos your first video on
your channel is from this park if you
have no idea what I'm talking about
go look at Ali's channel youtube.com
slash Ally Wes al li e w es right you
can but you screwed up the filming
though you vertical I did I need what is
funny just go watch that video Ali's
first video is she had a camera film was
doing you're still learning okay still
learning
hey this was right where it happened do
the wiggle that's really quite like
right now looking down the trees look
like little nuggets of weed I'm pissed
off okay you can't really see it on this
camera I'll just do it push it into it
I'll just cut to it
you know my favorite part about this
moment is you're not even looking
forward you're just I think by memory
you know where to go in this park you're
just staring at your drone right now I
think I got this big that already
you
it's really kind of cool coming here but
at the same time it's just not the same
without the pups you have things like
that you know as you get older and as
you do other things how things still
hold that kind of meaning to you but
they're just a little bit different like
everything slightly different well if
that makes sense does it make sense yeah
it's like everything stays the same but
you don't say the same way there used to
be a Gators all over here too I always
wonder that like if do things change or
do you change does that make sense is
that kind of like perplexing they just
blow everyone's mind I'm going to change
for you
or with you with you personally I think
things change for you because like
there's things that I liked five years
ago now I'm like I don't really care for
but there still exists it goes there so
that's what I mean like do things always
stay the same but you as a person change
I think sometimes it's a little info
okay
it's I probably just exploded everyone's
minds right there this little turtle
head poking up yeah I remember saving
one of these guys and they're so huge to
it I had to come to this Airport I know
it's weird to say I had to come to an
airport but I just spent so much time
here gotta go see Ted this is an
international airport right now that's
like the only car that's been moving
right now you think you hear okay oh
that you got used to fist pump all the
time there's mr. Ted always Darius flow
there mr. Kent okay she's been doing
laughs for eight years where you go
like safe right
what a life between an eternal so for
everyone after the head is still doing
good Aryan he's still alive and kicking
56 women follow me that lobsters till
here to sub head
funny how like a fish became such a
pivotal part in the vlog before we got
to go I got a date with this town in a
while but well guys get ready tomorrow
is day three thousand three thousand
days of doing these videos this with
three thousand more days that's crazy
make sure that you go to bed tomorrow
night that you dream of this face
maybe that's why night okay well we're
just gonna I would I'm gonna have it yes
I know Zoe I know thank Saved by the
Bell
tomorrow is officially date 3,000 of
these videos without missing a day so
the Guinness world record will be
updated to 3,000 days you know
everything is pretty amazing as I come
through so many experiences and for her
the monitors for them I know but I use
brought through some experiences but you
didn't have to go through them alone
that might have been positive or
negative yeah which is kind of cool
because it's unique it's like very rare
your friends yeah and I think that you
just Eve allowed people that are going
through good times and bad times I can
relate to to not be afraid okay I know
you're facing something very very sweet
very amazing but it's so hard with that
I love you to death and I know you were
trying to be very sweet but I couldn't
like which is that I couldn't stop
laughing I was just smirking I know
she's being thoughtful and you make a
good point and I love you to death I you
literally look like the Joker okay well
I'm going to stop talking now I will see
you guys tomorrow as always don't forget
to check out tomorrow's video day 3000
I'm going to try they go same tell me
your favorite day cuz I want to kind of
go through all the old days and kind of
talk and kind of reminisce and do one of
these like retro videos I try McClure I
know what my marriage is gonna be it's
gonna be day through telling because I'm
going to shave off his eyebrows
mmm okay
I'll see you guys tomorrow good night
