to to to to to to to to to to to to the
30 30
you're watching Charles Trippy and our
weeds trippy does where the CTFxC
the internet Jill TV do you turn off the
propeller in there wait turn it back on
you're gonna you're gonna take off in an
airplane wake up wait I mean let me - Oh
fine don't count with me 1 2 3 now fine
don't count they're the one account Oh
what's this Charles you're holding in
your hand is this deja vu did you just
lose your Simpsons game yeah see you at
the last level and then your phone
screwed up and now you're restoring
again oh it's no big deal
no big deal not at all I mean I love
Apple products but sometimes the irony
is just so crazy like every time I call
Apple or AT&T the phone dies or just
explodes in my hand just the irony is
just like you can cut it with a cake
wait you can cut it like a cake what is
going on I'm so tired
what is the mood meter on greenest river
mail if I'm not back in 10 days they're
without me no I'm sleepy now about that
milk wait was it that mink that shows
how old this is you guys don't know what
it is as an animal and the things
illegal and it's disgusting but they
make coats up I'd rather watch The Late
Late Show this is old school emoticons
look at that cooks me what on earth
faces that or with this it's like an
alien face they all are
dun-dun-dun dust when I do push-ups the
way to keep myself from getting worms is
that like this before she goes and I go
up really quick you're uncooperative you
are uncooperative miss she's a good
motivator you know randomly open
something from the UPS box by the way
we're gonna yeah I know it was addressed
to Ally I know she's mad at me wait hold
on hold on
ready can I open it up
yeah our viewers know that says eight
pounds four ounces of mayonnaise that's
bigger than your face that I don't know
who's fun though wasn't saying is fun
put me out blocks we're gonna collect a
bunch of stuff oh let's look at the
nutritional facts on this one it's gonna
be the same as every other man is
but times it by 256 the taken times it
by 256 there's your little squirrel
friends back the squirrels friends back
it's gross let's hit rate is that
squirrel piss did you make a P he came
back what's up squirrel
he's just playing with you guys what do
you want to name him Zoe
see it's still like modern but it's not
as weird
girl it's so funny because we're gonna
back up I was into that that would've
been bad it's all they all looked
exactly the same it's three these are so
cool all right
actually it's kind of cool geez that'd
be like a treinta right there I was just
telling Lauren I just wanna like just
just push all this down just knock it
down
have you ever gone to like they go I
guess Bethany on but like like the China
section and just go you know what I'm
just gonna just knock it all down that's
probably the most gratifying feeling it
would be so amazing sushi would you like
some sushi just wanna push it so bad
it's a violent thing is it you
by all too old to be doing what I'm
doing but never grow up guys never
although when you grow up you get to do
fun and interesting things like pick out
silverware it's awesome really
look at this this is just what a drunk
person needs it just makes him feel even
drunker
look at it excuse me guys it's my cup is
it melting this is this is why we should
get married like every day no look at
this look at this just fall asleep look
at this is four inches of foam and a
pillow top I'm just gonna sleep all the
time.i the vlogs are gonna be two
minutes long the second I get this thing
I'm never gonna never go wake up that's
a jump dolphin look crazy out today so
you gotta give me your hand
remember stranger danger traffic danger
stranger danger and
you say no yeah that sounds like a like
a superhero but not super hot stranger
what are you doing over here huh huh are
you doing over there
I swear married Oprah sometimes we're
gonna go get the DA we're gonna go get
the dog every year remember every single
year every year we go and get Zoey Marly
matching their pink collars because they
get so dirty they're so totally just
like what the hell are doing what is he
doing what there's Mario this way to San
Jose oh no it is it's all out oh no
there it is there it is there it is I
was kind of fade as freaked out it was
the last one okay okay kind of faded
though why is it so ugly oh no this is
the reason why I never gave Joey this is
because Bootmaker look so scary I
actually really hate my Lisa Boyd Fowler
it hurts I think we should just get her
okay we can get her a teal spiked collar
one oh that is actually kind of cool we
should get her yeah the reason why I got
pink was because everyone was calling
him boy dogs is that the red the dog
snack bar right here
oh no those are too small no they like
those you know like I can't go back
because I'm picking these kind of the
same thing is like would be good of
height those are pretzels looks like a
pretzel
yeah oh my god that's not it smells like
tea like cranberry cookies and we'll
throw those than that it's such kids
what are we at half a pound we got more
we got more oh my goodness a little
snowman look at you and then doggy
minutes for all the nasty treats they're
gonna be eating or for me after I eat
all the dog treats yeah now this I
really I'm okay not feeding to my dogs
and it freaks me out that they're there
we all like feeding babies
I could use some Kenny G right now
earlier twice today Kenny G I was at
guilty as charged I opened up Spotify
and I was listening I guess we're gonna
put some snow here and it's gonna snow
in Florida all right
apparently so this is a this is what we
do here in Florida it's like 95 degrees
it's Florida everyone else is like you
guys can have our snow it's like really
yeah
having fine
do not inhale over there over there well
the little kids going that side well
like it's it's kind of funny well the
palm trees and everything
look now you'd have to take a shower
keep going in my nose global warming
guys super warming all right see if we
can get it on the lens
and there we go well that was a pretty
nice snowstorm I totally need those
right now
you know just the full pull up my alley
you know the funniest thing about that
those are all sold out there's like two
of those left the entire thing is sold
out we need those you know after a big
run we must go if oh don't touch it it's
doing okay Marley that is not a pirogue
okay I know it looks yeah it's because
it looks like look how she's like this
looks pretty cool what's what's what's
going on I wonder what really goes on in
dogs brains you know what I mean like
that just the smells the the boxes like
smells alone I've got to be freakin
crazy this is gonna be so comfortable do
you want to switch because everyone
thinks like I'm not very manly because
I'm always holding the case the cameras
very happily I do all you guys my biceps
are so big from just holding these
cameras up all the time it's just insane
it's a great workout what are we gonna
do with this thing the dog have a giant
plus of memory foam
excuse me listen to talk first come on
oh go on your other mountain memory
films run by they run yeah have fun
there's your bed this is our bed this is
your bed deal it's go go go go doesn't
matter the matter warning do not unravel
yes
you
