you're watching it was just before the
camera turned on to go for a bike ride
who destroyed the broccoli are you doing
how he's addicted to another video game
Oh your dad no he told me that I look
like the guy from jetpack joyride
doesn't it
well maybe that's why I'm obsessed with
it cuz you love me we've been married a
month by the way
that seems so fake
I am gambling a lot a lot of months left
good job
what level are you on I'm a little boy
shut up let's go wife of mine good sweet
first time I've ever worn a 3/4 shirt
it's like somebody's like it's like I
should the shirt shrank or something
like that
let's go come on Rach you could do it
rock excuse me old lady babe babe babe
big all I see a bunch of bitches butts
like no I want to keep running would you
like a heart attack with all that soul
so much a starfish
here's my role but they look like sand
dollars up there there yeah and I have
no idea where you take lost you're
making it up making it up in the five
what and what did you do with your
balloon by the way still in there so
what's the story with this guy get lost
I call it the lonely Apple it's a very
said putting on there nobody eat that
Apple now I'm just gonna add a like a
super like retro like effect on the
photo and post it to Twitter and it's
gonna look all super Indy we're gonna be
like oh my god did you set up that shot
this is way too healthy we need we need
like some candy or something in this
this is way too healthy oh yeah
there we go oh here you put it on
oh yeah wait but it over your ears so
it's like these are your ears your heads
there we go
so can you guys tell that I am
incredibly OCD about the refrigerator
and the organization this is from our
party last night leave all the spirits
still the root beer root beer glassware
I always try to I try to make it look
like a freakin uh like a grocery store
every time it's funny all right there we
go
packing the eggs there we go that's all
the cake we have to throw away a holic
cake for the wedding it's look at that
this is a mother and and I feel so bad
because snakes girlfriend worked so hard
on that case oh well I know but it was
so much of it we ate as much as we
possibly can I can barely eat this is
like hey since it's been a month since
we got married we should eat some of it
and then hope we don't die I feel like
we could do it
lift that up this is just cake just lift
it up oh my god get the scale where's
the scale all right what's the weight
how much cake is it breaking is it
breaking Lima this is why I married a
woman smart it's my people well before
we do this we play game guys in the
comments right now I'm gonna give you a
couple seconds tell me how many pounds
this bag of cake is going to be a like
we should have a bet which does bet B Oh
should be of 30 minute bat massage huh
those bets that you never yeah literally
I have three bets that I've won remember
we're going to Ikea the other day she
never picked up she is not fulfilled
those what do you think yeah Price is
Right rules thirty pounds of cake you
know what's funny that's suitcase that I
had I thought was gonna be over 50 and
it was like 34 35 years you said 35 what
did you say Internet while we're while
we're guessing right in the comments
right now what do you think it's gonna
be
answer what is it 30 30 so if I did 29.5
I'm gonna say - I was gonna go 24 so I
think 30 what who get what happens when
I win boring
fine we're gonna have to hold at first
and then we're gonna do it by itself and
see if it's the same 17 pounds yeah
were you right guy 17 pounds anyone in
the comments anyone get it actually 17
we're cleaning stuff in Hallie saw
package from our good buddies at tweak
Footwear the guys who basically made the
assassins our shoe and they sent all
this awesome delicious stuff this is
good that's so cool and then they sent
the champagne that we actually drank on
our wedding day they actually sent it
and Ali just now figured out what's it
called okay but I think it's both the
this word and French means Widow so it's
like so we drank that as our wedding we
don't click Oh champagne and I'm like I
drink widow champagne yeah I don't know
what you're doing I was trying to figure
it out I couldn't tell mmm what whose
hair that is whose whose beautiful brown
hair is that good luck to my other wife
yeah apparently Siri things I have to
it's right is what for a run and Zoey
Zoey just literally did the most dog
thing she's ever done in her entire life
you know what the dog like it's going
the bathroom it's doing this whole thing
and it she's got the Bengal bear I was a
dingleberry dingleberry or whatever you
don't talk about them okay she literally
goes like this
do it no option tenant if she had never
done it before
like she did it and she looked
remorseful as she was doing it was so
funny I'm sorry guys
I'm sorry they had to do that most dog
thing she's ever started you have to see
that from the barest okay yeah you have
like a pack hey fellas so I don't know
whatever he says Boca Chica jeans this
you just thrown away stored away
oh my go you make him cut out all the
tiny piece is the only one who can read
this that is true
dude you could totally make up every
rule right what go straight to the end I
win that is amazing that is you get
nervous that I'm having in my hand huh
oh you got a return yours
yeah where's the quality control over
there Zowie
what did you do did you do this go clean
it clean up you little mess oh man hello
it's it's fire hazard
you
what's going on ahead
see what you did
worse
with trippy
we're safety
in early
you
