I'm sleepwalking
you're watching Charles Trippy and now
he's asleep
trippy because we're the CTFxC through
the internet guild TV hey good morning
guys I haven't found much I've been
pretty much a walking zombie we just got
to Atlanta we're almost home
almost home no no all right
the new tradition ghost is back he's
happy chipper today
man this is like every time it's the
same spirit there's one from the hotel
we have I'm Ted it's like bet same three
things every time dude your Lobster
he grew I think they're said he's going
to chuck Ted one of our things our
friends around I don't know I think the
the partner was dangerous cuz a
pufferfish is poisonous and he probably
could eat them
oh he's so fast and see you next time
buddy
is they would get super fast I'm gonna
beat Michael Phelps mines his second bag
out you see your third I'm gonna be the
third one I don't know I don't know I
love the winner gets the other person's
bag
oh there's one there's two
you're out and it was about three three
three three three three three three give
me three good booty oh we're all lost if
you were five and this one has to be
mine there's mine whoa how did you do
that oh hey how's it going how's that
moving high up up up she's gonna get it
that's just that's just scratching the
crap out of that but you made it
hi Zoey hi I've noticed that I've gotten
older walking on rocks is like walking
on cold to me exactly that's exactly
what it is it's kind of weird I used to
live on a dirt road
yeah kids are gonna be weird little
Mohawks well you got what do you got
like that will you have can I share that
can we share that you don't like to
share
fine Marly shares well you say yeah
thank you
so you like you saw well you want that
beat music
takes a picture asshole you thank me got
beat up trying I'm gonna get a haircut
ready one two you're gonna use the
patented speed trippy I was gonna say
the patented speed method of cleaning
floors because I used to clean floors by
putting wet naps on the floor and just
wiping with my feet but I'm not speed
anymore I'm a trippy by the way that
means I'm not your daughter and I don't
love you my heart love you you no longer
live here thank God no more neighbors I
know well we have some good neighbors
but we don't have to deal with taking
neighbors off because we are really bad
in terms of being loud with music of
movies and stuff like that
it pretty much as Charles ball he loves
a god this is so weird it is like it is
just empty in here except for that
disaster over there but crap shower and
now for some high speed vacuum action
who looks pretty good and I'm less of a
hobo look at that beautiful parking job
it's a blimp
I've always wanted to ride in the blue
come on Goodyear let's have the CTFxC
ride in a Goodyear blimp
Wow it's so weird I hate Christmas
holiday Kwanzaa whatever
I just hate shopping during this
December period it is like a cluster F
everyone gets so mean and just tries to
like kill you because they want to get
their Tamagotchi for their kid when I
was younger I used to really really
enjoy Christmas shopping and you know
this time of year but then one day I
took an arrow in the knee yep
as a meme taking an arrow in the knee I
think has taken an arrow in the knee and
for those of you have no idea what I'm
talking about or what meme I'm talking
about all I have to say is why you know
look up on Google
I seriously have problems later spooned
turkey just like rotting in the turn
lane just cut off all these people to go
find him
I'm good I'm gonna you know what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna enforce Chuck Norris
law that's what I'm gonna do
it's kind of like martial law except
I'll just roundhouse kick people what is
wrong with people there's so much look
at this park is buzz and people are
fighting over they're literally getting
out their cars and fighting and there's
office they just have to walk a little
bit turkeys plus-one Charles I found the
same exact pair of black pants that way
right now
the exact same pair of Jack same size
everything didn't even have to try it on
didn't have to waste the time I can just
keep going that's best definitely yes
that's an achievement point right there
I think that deserves about 20 gamer
points yeah Thank You Charles I know
you're editing this would you like some
Swedish meatballs
would you like what was his name see
this me both manner would you like to
see this one
or trainer the fest
whoa that's a lot of mirrors there so
we're good we like their veggies they
like carrots oh I think that one's
better
that one's way better do you want this
whoa
Alli her ears are not going down please
give me that broccoli I need some
vitamin D vitamin E okay Oh your
broccoli Marley you really like this toy
already I know your favorite toy go get
it oh there we go everyone's happy
favorite toy is still getting used to it
my trademark and it's gonna be beautiful
you're gonna look great don't they get
don't like it don't have I got you like
this get out of Zoey's but Zoe hi honey
you're the only one that's sane right
now
it's just about to come to the
basketball all right okay be the ball
ready he's too crazy wow that was
impressive Tyson he's gonna go in the
water don't know Tyson don't you know
inside the Tyson mountain hey Tyson okay
I'm sorry I won't do it
what are you doing
yes
giddy with child tripping
with Gary
