excuse me ma'am excuse me ma'am
love you see you tomorrow
you're watching Charles Trippy and ours
trippy does where the CTFxC
the internet killed TV Billy has it and
there's a lot of whispers cause a lot of
lot of disco yes right now Kenny G the
Kenny G give them a picture Charles this
case is gonna be on our flight right now
now he has the Christmas special CD of
the century everyone knows that
everyone's mom blares this and Travis oh
okay G is that any time we would be out
really late partying this summer yeah I
would wake up seven eight in the morning
do Katie teach Christmas special
blasting on Travis Thank You Travis
you get upgraded by Kenny G just like so
Danny and I got upgraded who's first
them with their huh-huh yeah you just
want to talk about it again trying to
find it's like every morning I gotta try
to find him he's the hardest thing to
find in the morning we do need the right
Ted no I didn't even notice that it's
like all these exciting there's a dead
sup buddy boy
I figure gonna be they're gonna be like
Superman or something like all the gamma
radiation so nothing here in about this
time
no he didn't really last time bad thing
about it was when the guy the guy
grabbing the security guard he was like
he was like also we're gonna have to
bring it to a side room so you can look
and like it shows like a picture of a
body and there's just like a box
everyone's bummed yes it is a tradition
oh yeah
good luck
like do you like it offensive play
last well 15 miles an hour
be nice right there for casting you
might recognize this man right here we
got on the same high plane and the
coolest thing he asked what the band
name was and he actually heard of us I
know we never I know that so good luck
at that good luck at the show tonight
Kansas City give the city I wish I was
sitting we by the way we blast you're on
the bus like constantly that's awesome
so for you Travis and scoot and snake
it's my dad's favorite place right dad
yeah she just ran out the door
I feel really bad Brittany no that's my
phone hello Brittany and thank you for
saying hi to me and I feel bad because I
had food in my mouth and I really want
to talk to you but I felt stupid very
nice of you and I'm very happy holidays
and thank you nice spot Billy nice I
didn't know if I should approach him
buddy say hey what's up kidding or mr. G
like even know his last name
kg alright guys well that was Kenny G
you don't know he is is Google it wasn't
weird out it was getting to you so we
were just chilling at the Sky Club and
we were just talking about how awesome
Kenny G was and all of a sudden I turned
around and the guys from American
Pickers where's this like sitting next
to us of lily and I went so these guys
right here
what our who else we're gonna see today
Fela hey today it's been a pretty
interesting day at the airport we've
been here like almost every day of the
past three or four months that was the
most interesting day so far
remember guys when you see snake on
stage sound checking I don't hear enough
of it out there
what did you find
the attack idiocracy
not sure not sure for president wait
what's the other one welcome to Costco I
love you welcome to Home Depot I love
you yeah I know wait wait so you're
telling me we are in Kansas I saw that
four valleys all right
okay so yeah we're in Kansas City oh
it's all broken again it feels like it
digs accent setup not exactly as fast
whoa
that is a beautiful theater oh dude look
and they're standing it's not a sit-down
theater we found our Travis and you came
bearing a gift
hi this is from Chelsea gel or chels
chill and I just want to show you this
isn't this is it all in Adobe
Illustrator it's the most amazing thing
you've ever seen my entire life I was
telling Charles that the girl who gave
me that it was just like we please give
this to Charles and I was like okay how
well literally the whole night it kept
getting lost I had to find out searching
everywhere and I delivered it like he
did it he's gonna be watching this right
now like like you know hopefully
freaking out but she'll still YouTube or
yeah I need you to know how much I was
that was the first thing you did like we
lost I guess he got lost in Kansas last
night and the first thing he does he
like picks it up as pop he's like and
just like out of breath just get it
delivered it I pushed the picture on my
Twitter up of the the car that I drove
the redhead mobile and it almost ran out
of gas I had to jump the median to I get
it and I almost got stuck in me because
you know how they make it like yeah yeah
yeah it's like it's a little hard I like
I passed the only gas station probably
within miles and miles miles all right I
gotta turn around there's no like
another exit I went full speed in the
ditch as fast I could just hoping that
it was you rabbit
it was like boom boom and then I ended
up like in the other highway facing
completely I've turned around and they
just started going and I made my gas it
was great but this is less than their
area this is why you get car rental
insurance there's like the front
car it looks like there's all this grass
that's what's up buddy I guess your name
is Jimi Hendrix if it wasn't obvious I'm
pretty cute that poor squirrel you are
torturing him Zoe Zoe leave them alone
run away run away little guy who's that
you're gonna climb up there you're gonna
get you gonna get him really Lucky's
right there poor thing is not oh my god
you guys are both crazy dog but he's
gone everyone's kind of sleeping right
now so I decided to kind of walk around
never been to Kansas Louis a was I've
never been to Kansas actually I've been
prevent anywhere in this area so should
be kind of interesting right like Sprint
Center not really sure what goes on
there
or what's going on now so we're walking
to soundcheck and Amy's holding up hi
guys I don't know if you guys can hear
it really obviously can't hear it one of
my ears right now
scooter is blasting keniji in all our
years right now
Yoshii try to put a sticker on walk
Danny's hitting the drums
Kirstin Chuck Jones he left your wallet
on the BB amp Chuck Jones
no this is gonna be your move this is
what Danny just discovered just how
bored we are right now this is how
artistic I am I was moving the salsa and
I hear the sounds of the jungle picture
like a panther ready
that was better yeah yeah a little more
if you guys didn't hear that was good
today's today's show we have a lot of
down time so we're actually shooting if
you didn't know Danny actually has his
own YouTube channel now cuz you guys
have been telling him you should make it
so youtube.com slash Danny Duncan so go
go check that out we're shooting a skit
that I'm gonna be in for his channel so
when will that be out you know thanks
week right thanks next Thursday so make
sure you go subscribe over there and
watch cuz I think you guys might answer
a few questions for you guys
it's totally fiction guys it's really
not true it's not a call it's just us
with salsa cans like all doing this yo
she dressed as a panther coming out
those days but I can never remember his
heads good luck our tails
I think it's heads right heads good luck
sweet you got a good luck that in my
pocket
alright I just got this from Lauren
apparently Marley is doing a good job of
helping
like oh my hand let's fix this what I
drink out of it
that's kid rocks a little nervous that
it might be laced with anything you
might want to disinfect that
now what you see here is a pivotal part
of the March handling process your
awesome dog
this is Maddie this is Sarah and she was
just telling me it's her birthday her
birthday right she was listening to the
Happy Birthday song and I told her she
had to be the ear muffs but you're right
yeah kids I heard of see you Bruce
this is Charlie get a hood and
everything and the aftermath of the show
the really fun show
what
is brilliant I literally rounded the
corner only this is kind of a creepy
hallway there your pillows the pillows
just got to the hotel we're gonna take
kind of like a chill night and I decided
to freak everyone out yeah oh man I
decided to freak everyone out and show
them the drunk step or was a drunk step
dub step back from Austin City Limits
and more I was like do you guys see
anything and the little thing went in
the mirror Danny's over there not having
anything to do with it no one's gonna
sleep if you guys don't remember go
watch drunk step dubstep one of our old
logs from like September or August or
something it was good times but yeah we
have a 4:00 a.m. call so I'm gonna
actually hit the bed guys I will see you
tomorrow it was a good show Kansas City
and first time ever here I appreciate
everyone explaining that there is a
Kansas City Missouri and in Kansas City
Kansas
you know this yeah you always thought
was in Missouri yeah see there's a
separated by a river learn something new
today so I will see you guys tomorrow
and good night okay so we're pranking
Travis and Danny right now we're leaving
these at their house you're shining it
down on the bottom so I can see what it
is that's Santa that's a reindeer we
don't breathe that right now if we put a
written
yes
giddy with child tripping
for Cynthia
with your theory
