hey hey Marley hey I'm talking to you
you're watching Charles Trippy and now
he's asleep Trippi does where the CTFxC
internet TV we're shipping you they're
going with some shirts by two hoodies
get it Marley free all right Marley
enjoy your new home
super epic morning all right cool points
anyone who knows the song or what movie
the song is from
finding squirrels good good guard dogs
flaps are up flaps are up flaps are up
oh you're so cute anything to save the
camera
no that was a fart is this gonna be our
new ritual guys kind of go bad and feel
like that like in Rocky I'm like riding
a bike and you guys are stuck doing that
god I'm so lazy guys I'm sorry this is a
ton of fun now nice little ritual maybe
all three of us will get in shape now oh
no there's those hawks there's been two
Hawks apart of those two they've been
watching Marley out back all the time oh
we got pit stop there let's do a pit
stop loose some fuel that was the
assembly line good that is it a chicken
wing that belongs deal no watch this
right here okay if you touch Marley's
whiskers watch what happens okay can I
show them I show them ready we just show
them really quick ready just don't do it
don't do it sir
she's not doing it hey Jack you just
touch him she does like an Elvis thing
not doing it Wow
you being a brat today fine what about
if I do it to you I can only do it on
that side they did I was just leaving
this store and I just got in a serious
argue I got an argument with Siri and uh
yeah I feel like this is where
technology is going people are going to
be having arguments with their phones
you know like it is now when somebody
gets angry with like a computer freezing
or something you're like ah stupid
computer now it's got a voice and it
like talks back to you I I literally was
arguing with Syria I could not believe I
was doing that well cuz you're an idiot
you don't understand mister see if this
works
apologies don't apologize you just
you're just dumb I'm doing my best
well how about you do better than your
best because it kind of sucks you see
what I'm saying I'm getting an argument
with ya I insist I insist that you do
better I guess that's right that's right
I am right find me some ice cream
hey literally getting an argument it's
weird right
I feel like this is the beginning of
Skynet we're starting to have arguments
with our phones and the phones are gonna
get offended then they're gonna build
other robots and then they're gonna kill
us all
2012 is coming we have what a year of
the year left now be honest how many you
guys have gotten in arguments with Siri
when no one's around or even when people
around where's your hand be honest
I'm sorry Siri it's okay so we've been
working hard on the merge my mom and I
just treated ourselves to a really
unhealthy dinner I hope you have plenty
of nuts to crack this holiday season I'm
talking about nuts but it's funnier if
it's like I'm talking about balls
you
hey guys so I'm just taking a late night
bike ride right now it's kind of
relaxing it's it's so gorgeous
it's so gorgeous up here cuz like you
can see I saw two shooting stars so far
obviously it's blackness for you guys
and this probably looks like almost like
like you know I should like you okay
Charles make this a green tint now now
it looks like infrared well it's
terrible right now I wish I had like the
5d or something but yeah I just wanted
to take a little bike ride just kind of
relax a little bit because tomorrow I
leave for Kansas City for a show and I
come right back but it's our last show
until the hometown show on the 29th
which if you guys are in the area I hope
you guys come and then there's a free
show in Hershey Pennsylvania we're
playing I guess I don't know where it is
but it's free so if you go to we've we
the Kings music Congo to the tour you
can get free tickets for that sir she
Pennsylvania for New Year's Eve and
Ali's coming to that one I just bought
two tickets for it kind of wanted to
talk to you guys a little bit but I
don't even know if you can see this so
if this is in the vlog that means I
managed to make it work but if you guys
don't see this at all that means you
guys are just listening to audio and the
sisters like this is like a podcast I
mean we just want to say thank you guys
for being so you know understanding for
the last couple months you know with all
the tours and traveling and things like
that oh you guys really understand that
we truly appreciate you know every one
of you guys watching alien stuff like
that's why we do this all the time
that's why we spend hours try to send
each other clips one on the road and
stuff and don't mind me I'm just
completely out of breath cuz I'm out of
shape it's got some of you actually
pointed out in the comments yesterday
how it's kind of like when Ali was
living in Spain for four months and now
I am on the road so it's kind of like
flip-flop from 2009 this is this is back
in year one of the vlogs you know the
decision to play a bass were we the
kings wasn't just myself
I seriously you know considered Ali's
thoughts and feelings and to be
completely honest she's pushing me more
than I would push myself you know I mean
she wants just just as much as I do and
I hope you guys know that I'm not just
doing this to sleeve a ally in the fire
selves like that oh it's brick it's a
brand new thing and we're just trying to
figure out how to make it work and how
to make it so she can come out on tour
dude I've been like honestly guys I've
been racking up all these SkyMiles
hopefully on this next tour because in
2012 we're gonna be on the road
constantly almost every show because the
the frequent fliers do I'm gonna be
Dimond I don't know if you guys know
what that means but it just means I flew
a lot this year
anywho zl-- I don't want to talk too
much because I don't even know if this
is gonna work but you guys still listen
to it I love you I love you even more
the fact that you just listen to
blackness right now you're just
literally watching a video that looks
like crap and just listening and that
means that yours are amazing so what's
wrong with her socks there huh the first
two socks that I can prank there seems
to be a bit of a bit of a dilemma over
here my high school English teacher her
husband who's my tennis coach that's
crazy
he used to say say what did I use the
unmatched socks is really good luck
you're not supposed to ever match socks
that's what he thought what about having
sandal tans my god my feet are white why
are my feet sighs they're so white hey
Internet you're perverted really help me
she's about the bike oh god your screws
oh oh oh sad face sad what do you sad
face here oh where is it
there is there you go so what did you
end up doing huh
yeah poor little Marley got locked in
the merge room all of a sudden I hear is
like a Yelp like a bark and I'm like
wait so evil oh no the door the bat that
room that closed automatically and
Marley always she's our shadow and I was
like hearing barking here I got you a
treat okay Oh gonna do dance we can't
both no I have to I'm splitting this up
don't stop quivering go get it who's
gonna get it first who's gonna get that
one oh no it's underneath underneath
there whack come on another thing under
there you go
I forgot to show you guys this I don't
know if I actually show this in the vlog
but a lot of people weren't asking what
this thing is heading up in newer
closets and I just want to show you this
like this literally is from like a
tourist trap thing from the 70s
all right ready for this now correct me
if I'm wrong if I showed you guys this
but it's the bedroom mood meter greens
for males Red's for females and this is
what it is and we just keep it up
because it's friggin hilarious it's yeah
it's so funny I want to put this out in
the living room it's from the 70s and I
love the best part about this is branded
Florida like as if this is like the
Florida version like maybe like I don't
know somebody from like Missouri is
different the what Ali's gonna go hang
out with the guys from boys Avenue with
Ollie and Jess because I have to go up
at 5:00 in the morning Harry oh no no no
Fabia Fabian
how do you say it the Spanish yeah
Fabiana me I'll go see v.i.c Fabian but
like I'm American let's say it's fresh
gave me an fob yawn sorry young yes the
guitarist for boys Avenue they're having
a party cuz he has a clothing line that
he's launching so Ali just and all I are
gonna go to that I'm gonna go to bed
early because I have to wake up with 5
do okay get this we're playing work
tomorrow show in Kansas City we're
opening up for the fray I don't anything
I even told Ali that we're opening up is
we the kings the fray I have all their
albums this is gonna be like me having a
geek moment I'm pretty excited for the
show
I will see you guys tomorrow but now
we're gonna transfer to Ali I'm gonna
transfer the vlogging powers Ali ready
one two transferring guys she's just
excited about Cripple Creek that's it so
what comes after two alright ready one
two face nice pen it's like this look
wait I'm sorry do that again
towards the camera please that's those
face watch
random Charles
teach me the way boys boys boys boys
boys
my shoe is second in the floor what is
what what is it it's a funny sign about
what happened daddies are very funny
sorry I feel like what we need right now
is the NDP there
yes
with children
