you're watching Charles Trippy and owies
trippy that's where the CTFxC internet
killed TV wait did she bring a toy out
here bringing toys out here can you
would happen you would hat
do-do-do-do-do you know yeah you having
a dance battle yeah yeah last night Oh
yesterday was Jesse and Gina's uh I
think was like sixth anniversary and
Bali wanted to have a dance battle so
Ali did her wu-tang thing and incentive
to Jesse and Jesse did it back so now
they had this ongoing dance battle on
our iMessage on our iPhone it is so
gorgeous out today so beautiful it's
like not too hot not too cold and
tomorrow we have oh hi Zoey
what's going on do you have your hair to
eat in a turtleneck no big deal tomorrow
we're playing Jacksonville I don't know
where though I know we're playing
Jacksonville heck yeah Zoey what do you
got smell good hmm it's pretty smelly
file for the thumbnail was that you
turning on huh trying to yawn picture
but picture hey monkey when I was little
my dog Alex is well the reason why I
actually got Zoey where's Ellie look she
used to jump up and get oranges and
grapefruits and eat them but as you can
see Zoey is preoccupied with a rat
perhaps Marley want to eat it once right
here let's break it open very primitive
there we go okay well do you remember
that video of Zoey vs. the lemon peel
it's gonna be the same thing no gross
no sick holy crap that sucked get her
face she's a good don't know what I'm
doing yep and Ellie has worms Oh was
that a fart are you this part I'm camera
finally that's disgusting oh my gosh I
finally think we got you farted on
camera everyone heard it
how's she not noticed that's a balloon
right there oh good reflexes oh let the
cluster F of holiday shopping begin not
hitting her I was sitting there editing
today the video that you're watching
right now the last clip I was editing
that before I got in the car
and all of a sudden is always like
poking me and then running into the
laundry room she was hungry out of food
so doggy is pissed so I had to go get
some dog food right now it's starting
isn't it guys who's basically getting
everything right now I was doing the
merch I want to make dinner for so she
can relax jerk off right behind me isn't
he go slower and tomorrow I think she
might come to the show tomorrow in
Jacksonville are we just gonna have to
decide kind of last-minute expose show
hometown' show again the twenty-ninth
guys so if you're in the area it's gonna
be in Bradenton or Palmetto so if you're
in that area links in the description
down there you can get your tickets now
before they sell out but December 29th I
want to see everyone at the hometown
show because you know it's a hometown
show it's awesome Wow December 29th the
year is literally almost over I remember
saying remember we were in New York City
with Jesse and Jeana for we went to the
New Year's MTV
years thing and that was it feels like
yesterday doesn't it like 2011 just wow
it just flew by even though like feels
like the fastest year just wow so much
it happened like just so much has
happened in this past year we're gonna
trust me we're gonna have this
reflective moment at the end of the
month
trust me we will crap I won't pass it
I'm talking to you guys names so I'm
just gonna have to tell Zoe that you
made me distracted and she's gonna
understand because she's the smart dog
call wife which wife Allie tripping or
always being I have two wives ready for
doggy fashion show so Marley's getting a
little cold don't worry I got you
something too this is for Zoe because
she doesn't need it
no it's a pheasant well get your peasant
get it okay now Marley you get to be a
little fashionista I got two of them so
we're gonna let the Internet is gonna
decide which one we use this is the
first one okay gals go across your smile
for her it says Jack Russell Terriers
it's just money
Marley those worms not gonna work it'll
work what's gonna hurt arm pit stop
she's like look at me I mean I take your
stuff Lily look at this stow it okay
well that's the first one we'll get in
the bigger size and then this is the
other one that's awesome okay come here
quit stealing okay we need to we need to
switch that out it's a little bit tight
come on and stop stealing stuff oh yeah
okay well the design do we wouldn't have
yeah I feel like this works okay that's
pretty sweet
where's the camera come on
sweater option oh my god is this not
gonna fit either I told you it wouldn't
that was cool
you look so good you look so pretty yeah
you gotta do this you gotta make it so
she can look even mark crazy there punk
rock all right Internet you decide the
green skull and crossbones or a bigger
version I thought that a bigger version
of this would be pretty she has that
down she has a skull and crossbones hey
do you mean get in that face ah since
Laura and Ally are still doing the myrrh
stuff I thought I'd make like a pizza
like a pesto pizza and I just wanted to
show you this I finally have a rolling
pin somebody got it for a wedding and
it's actually is really funny it's a vic
firth rolling pin so if anyone's ears is
perked up big forth actually makes
drumsticks I just thought it was kind of
funny they made a rolling pin just
wanted to show you the super-secret
person who - the super-secret Nestle
Toll House cookie recipe
being made in this kitchen right there
while Charles is failing pesto
try some
I think worth
that's the basil it's available right
now do you know why it has to be fresh
always argues with me about that to
think that oh my god eat that please
yeah there's like a weird aftertaste
good little liquid oh dang so we're done
with the dough and our the batter I
should say and my mom how the hell the
tides have changed how the tables have
turned in here or what do you think in
this house I can't figure out anything
in this house Charles having a rough
night oh dang so we're done with the
dough and or the batter I should say and
my mom how the how the tides have
changed how the tables have turned in
here Lord what do you think in this
house I can't figure out anything in
this house Charles is having a rough
night
as for me I'm doing a perfect job
Charles trying are you thinking a little
people oppressed Mary we have two ovens
we do so I'm very excited and I'm just
saying it's funny because when I was
little I used to stand and just stand
right at the counter and wait and wait
for my mom did have been there's mixing
and she would give me the beaters and
now I'm giving her mine yeah good Oh
life and it it's amazing get out of
there
all right now secret to any good you
know baking session is at some point
your hands have to be in the mix that's
how I do it that's what I believe in
if you disagree that's okay clean hands
all right
that's dad's magic right no that's why I
don't you just want this in your mouth
your mouth feel for where that's your
that's your story right
this curious art that's your study faith
we got the tow house but not your hands
no back down your hands not clean you
gonna stick that back in there no she's
done okay this is for a night Maddie
I'll do the cake thing your face just
pan down Oh Marley yeah okay
no more cookie fights okay I'm not gonna
touch them yeah all right
no I'm not no no no I'm still doing
nothing
No so if I was to take to that cookie
would take
you thought here's this top of my head I
would explain how that's a drumstick
dripping on your neck
I want it there everything returned
about Mary in this house your head when
I turn see the thing is when I turn I
get a whiff of it so it smells good in
your hair look Lauren Marley you want
one Oh what here here you go here you go
you can have that you could have that
okay that's crumbling into like a
bajillion pages right wait Cheers
worse cookie ever is someone getting
impatient over here this is my cookie
smell good faith so you want to smell
with her okay it's not a cookie
all right little punk rocker time to go
to bed oh okay time to go to bed early
morning cleaning up after your cookies
worse yet
with trippy
to be an ally don't forget we are
