passport time we're just cleaning my
teeth I was like you're watching Charles
Trippy and now he's speaking trippy
because we're the CTFxC the internet
killed TV all right now his last thing
to do get a passport should make a goofy
face you have a side ponytail it's gonna
look like your driver's license yeah I'm
just doing a behind-the-scenes all right
let's see them there they are
they kind of there's like what doesn't
belong I think they're identical
Internet are they identical can't tell
something slightly different if you can
see no I think I think there are lenses
on both sides I like a 3d lens
I think it just takes two of the exact
same photo and you can tell that in this
one I'm looking at that lens and in this
one I'm looking at the lens to the left
you see that because my eyes are
slightly not weird I'm centered there's
Ali's old passport photo totally
different you have these big star
tattoos over your eyeballs it's kind of
weird why would you have gotten those
tattoos at such a young age so this is
gonna be a job
the other day no like it's not actually
last night I had a scratch and I just
went like this
I won't look into the mirror apparently
my ring special ain't I your plate just
went like this and just scratch the crap
out of it just did it again so we're
getting out of your passport you have to
go back to thank God you were here
anyway so we had to come down here and
get her passport give me your best
law-and-order audience don't talk that
should be the secret phrase Oh doing the
secret phrase in the middle of the video
right junk John
wait is this right the heck is that
personal fire-maker
looks like a devil for kind of yeah I
guarantee if you got that that would be
in Zoe's mouth in 30 seconds immediately
within 30 seconds uh-huh so dangerous so
dangerous flipmode squad is dangerous
unless rhymes what oh yeah
we're debating getting mascara I know I
might actually wear it out of the store
what a guy think I've never owned a
store like this I think it's cute so you
guys like it it's very flowy
I know some of you were thinking that's
crazy to buy that in the wintertime but
guess what in Florida 80 degrees outside
right now totally fine I can wear
sandals in the middle of January
probably like the crazy lady who doesn't
just gain it on my body
yeah and I'll take it thank you
there you go
couldn't waste a minute okay
I just got a text message from scooter
and Travis the tickets basically if you
guys are in the area the hometown show
is December 29th so we need the Kings v
an annual hometown show I'll put a link
down there so if you're in the Bradenton
Sarasota Palmetto tampa orlando i don't
know just make a little drive tickets
are on sale right now it's gonna be cool
cuz it's give me our hometown we're
playing at our hometown actually gonna
go home right now and practice some of
the songs that we're gonna be do it wait
a minute with Ally
yes I'm just kidding she's with dr. Pat
Hannah ah got you guys I'm really
excited cuz this is gonna be the
hometown show and then we I guess we're
playing Jacksonville on Thursday or
Friday and then on Monday or Tuesday
Kansas City then the hometown show that
we're playing Hershey Pennsylvania for
the New Year show which by the way if
you guys are in that area Ali's gonna
come to that show and then South America
we are like beyond excited for South
America because for some reason in South
America like it's just a place like I
never really thought that I would ever
visit I'd always wanted to I thought
it'd be really cool and then March it's
gonna be Europe and then a bunch of
other toured oh my gosh it's gonna be a
lot of touring guys and we're gonna try
our hardest to make sure Ali can come
I'm excited cause Ali and I were looking
over the comments for the past month and
you guys are just it's I'm so happy that
you guys are accepting all the guys as
part of you know the CTFxC family and
they're really enjoying it and I know I
know it's been kind of hard getting
Ali's footage and things like that it's
just like when she was living in Spain
remember she lived in Spain for three or
four months we saw a very rare like it
was hard to get her footage because of
you know poor internet and we're kind of
in the same situation so hopefully we'll
get that all figured out I'm a little
bit worried about when we go out of the
country because I won't be able to you
know like tether to my phone or anything
I don't know if you guys have any
awesome ideas on how to get internet
fast internet overseas now is the time
we got a syrup airing you guys are crazy
today
I got uploaded video we'll hang out out
here but Marley listen to me no eating
poop alright
open the door Wow that's my seat don't
be a dog don't do stuff you're not
making a phone call
look at that dingbat
I haven't been in this room and like
forever it seems
yeah I'm basically trying to make I'm
basically trying to try to find a good
song to listen to what else to do
bouncing Souls I'm gonna update the
CTFxC iPhone app and we're also working
on one same guy guy from geek utilities
Robert Bob you guys met him and several
times over in Ohio he's making one for
the way the Kings like a we the kings
the iPhone app basically I'll let you
guys know when our tour dates are new
videos the Kings carriage all that stuff
so I'm just working I was talking about
doing a new splash page and I came up
with this when I found this I should say
some got I don't know who made this but
I love it this is so switch so it's
works there it's so simple but I read
this would be an amazing poster wouldn't
it I'm just gonna find out who did it so
if anyone knows who did this would you
guys like this as a poster I think it's
so simple and it's just I don't know I
really like it I like my light those
ears look out for that update hopefully
soon before Apple kind of whatever shuts
down for the holidays hit the big Bell
it again cool fine Ali and Lauren
working on merch you're helping it's
getting cold out and I don't have a
hoodie my other internet killed
television I lost it so I'm just going
to steal one from the inventory but
don't tell
nobody better tell the heli where is my
size where's my size ah much better
ah you guys better order your own before
I steal them all she walks over and acts
like she's very interested that and then
I hold it out and she backs off they
took peppermint it stinks
sweet hopefully you're not gonna eat
that cuz you're gonna have you're gonna
have a worm but okay she probably
shouldn't be having that
here comes worm face why are you limping
what's wrong with you what is wrong with
this dog she's limping now snazzy jacket
on our t-shirt
oh my god the dreaded cornhole game
irrelevant frustrating I was so
everything's working out that bathroom
what so I can take an upper Decker now
good boy hey gee Elvis hey everybody
Oh where's Ellie I don't know always
hanging out with a dog we were just
talking about I think I like cuz they're
both very skittish and they don't like
parties I think Zoey
I mean Marly and Elvis would become best
friends
Zoey be having fun playing beer pong
with everyone
winning numbers like their deep wine
would not be ironic a 13 month old loser
cited about our patron blow that pets
opinion oh my gosh
I got a technique here he has a silver
dollar when I got a I got a gold dollar
over here I got a second you we a dollar
wrong we need 10 13 1 and 17 leave any
research any of those numbers windows
this amount below wait what's the number
I don't know I'll eat this right I think
he does not very good a lot of tickets
yeah you could just close the door yeah
sir it's cool sir are you Shane
drop drop it Shane drop it good boy
it's actually really true
you too
it's the other army waiter
yes
with y'all trippin
with Gianelli don't forget
