good morning guys
Caitlyn is here she is come help me
finish getting all the decorations done
before valentina and Danny show up for
the bed Saturday and my mom made these
cute little things they're like diapers
and then they got candies in them but
she made it out of napkins turned out
really really cute we have a lot of
decorating to do so we'll see you in
like a hot second
so I'm on a mission right now to go fire
fire the most random thing I've ever
been to go by for Danny and Valentina's
baby shower oh yeah they'll find a
plastic ice cube tray I don't think that
I've ever had to buy one of those and
well I don't even think I've ever had to
buy one of those would have even smelled
it ha ha the day is mine comes in here
dude with that sick
15:32 using that ice cube rally's little
game that she's trying to play Brian out
pull this out what kind of drive this
thing today is mine those in your body
no pun intended buddy's your buddy
where do you call these people I would
have it the guest of honor what do you
called et3 what do you call your people
it happening or bathing yeah I agree
your guest of honor there we go
hi hello next time as you can hear I got
taken perfect I'm my baby away from her
yeah no no he knows the reporting on
Tina
snake showed up I still think it will
forever be a thing oh yeah
how he's so clever you're so clever
are y'all ever honestly I kind of done
all this without them dude is true you
should frighten of their babies to do
all the time now
oh we're here for a baby you're having a
baby I forgot to tell you five Queen Tom
Lincoln time time The Clash of the
Titans I'll do a one out there come on
Marv he was watching this rally as
though it's right now how does a guitars
that are like Bob back and the prices
like kind of like
it took finally a dollar to do this
though he's like articles coming over
sing Marley can love 20 I think you're
at okay great in the buck but
Joey all right we're gonna play this
game right now Caleb did I got in the
comment I want you guys to say how many
people candy are in I'll rotate it yes
that's the diameter look I'll show you
guys so in the common point veneer hey
go over really what happened you can't
win it you know yeah don't don't yell if
you're wind chill the end what am i
doing you have to just grab on and if
you don't yell if you have it I got five
Ward C in Perl okay inspiration control
this onion here I take some strawberry
leave the sandwiches well I mom didn't
win babies up I hope something happens
well it is a wait what is that
seriously I'll wrestle you did really
mean I mean well-endowed so what is
raging
alright babe what are you doing oh I
gotta admit it's relatively crazy they
kind of are yeah they're a little crazy
puts a dance party yeah board like a
baby slide these are there all cheering
on their comrades baby fight baby boy
gang an edition of the little party
planner over here and where is our in
their 16th the valley side job other
than YouTube is that you first party
plan for mr. 16 do Samara
your 12th birthday your 13th or 14th
birthday
you just want to have a little
get-together and you want to have coffee
do that soon you made the cupcakes
okay mouth full he killed it
and that's a wrap
good job bad boy where is let me talk
before last time that is all something
on my domain yeah do you like sorry come
on let's do something sit roll over
looks like rick roll over get a little
tired getting a little tired their baby
shower is complete and I've got to say
you killed it there thank you you killed
it and helping everybody and it was
awesome and so much fun we did killing
funny strange games the baby the water
breaking baby didn't work it did what
yeah nothing pretty funny though we
didn't give enough time for the ice
cubes I got it this morning I if you
didn't know doesn't freeze that quick
and floor yeah takes quite a while but
Amy had a really funny idea and I don't
know who filmed it hey I did see you
girls there's one boy I had to draw a
little winner
yeah no I found it it's very fine
hardest to draw a hair on a little itchy
face baby when I dunno if it can't say
as I do
I completely forgot to show you guys you
so I thought they were so funny Ali's
mom maybes little diapers what is that
like a burger say no
with the napkin and then she just didn't
watch oh really yeah you both are like
very creative all three of you every was
so creative I wouldn't even think about
doing that to me those and as like a
little goodie bag that's so clever today
was a really awesome success Valentina
Danny had a great time that's all that
matters you know yep that's all that
matters he's having a few friends over
celebrating you know the birth of Carter
it's just so cool or the pre birth I
should say that makes more sense
at any rate it was fun glad everyone
came over as long as they were happy and
they had a great time really honestly
all that really matters
after all that extra food from the baby
shower I just felt like so sluggish so
Allie and I are just going to go take an
awesome walk along the beach really come
on how those dolphins are scared the
crap out of Zoe gets scared by dolphin
that's what we like Florida we have
alligators all over the place and
dolphins no big deal we have that
dolphin scare the crack house one of
those days I've just been so amazing
it's so long it was really nice to be
able to like do something like that
special 4-valent Ali killed it as you
probably saw in the video everybody
hopes I mean like yeah everyone did help
but you killed it you came up with all
the little ideas and stuff I know they
truly appreciated that to make Danny
Valentina happy and it's fun kind of
throwing those things it's chaotic but
it's definitely fun throwing a baby
shower and my sister and my mom were
huge yeah it's so funny because then we
started thinking like everyone in the
band pretty much are popping out babies
back same tire or yeah all the women all
the same time roughly around the
sinkhole he was first I think Don Tina
Danny
then Jenny then Kaitlyn don't get on the
bus guys if you're a female do not ever
come on our tour bus because apparently
there's something in the air it's kind
of funny like do like every single time
we like you know around the guys get
around the guys they're like so you want
a beer I think all the guys think that
I'm pregnant just because all the girls
are pregnant and if I don't have a drink
with them or I'm just like no I'm good
they automatically think that I'm
pregnant and I think it's really clean
you news best like you're going to be
pregnant and I'm sure like a lot of guys
and girls out there that earn
relationships with your grandparents do
that to you or like your parent too when
you having kids are you guys going to
have kids to learn is that going to
happen like it is interesting to be
around the women in the band and like
all of them being pregnant in a similar
state of light and like understanding
I'm not like necessarily on the same
wavelength and it's not bad thing it's
just so interesting because your whole
life changes here are parts of me that
are like an abbess pregnant well to talk
about love is you know and we still talk
about it but I mean it is something
weird like you know I always wonder like
when we're going to get pregnant what
we're going to have kids and you know
when's going to be the right time which
I feel like you're never chairs never
arrived but it's just so funny because
every time the guys bring it up like a
part of me gets like scared and nervous
and I'm like we would and I am I am
missing am i pregnant and then there's
another part of me that's excited for
the future but also nervous and curious
I feel everything's awesome to be able
to celebrate these type of moments with
the band because I mean everyone's lives
are changing we're all getting older and
families are starting and it's just like
the whole dynamic of this band is
completely changing but it's amazing
even I think about like what Travis
things about yeah it's like totally
different you know but it was amazing
being able to celebrate them and I hope
you guys enjoy today's video we're
loving it will include you guys are
missing ISM being able to show these
parts of our lives that we might find
boring
might be so incredible to and it might
be something that we look back on and
we're like oh wow that was such a great
day like the boring days like you when
you look back could actually be the most
memorable day yeah like memorable days
in your life type of thing like you have
those boring day but maybe there is like
one little thing that will always like
remind you of something cool we're done
blubbering the elaboration whatever you
got got too long however mostly you guys
tomorrow don't forget to subscribe and
have a wonderful night bye guys
