bugs you listening to what are you doing
what a jerk well good morning you're
watching Charles Trippy and owies trippy
because we're the CTFxC
TV good morning guys so we're just
getting ready for hoodies hopefully by
the end of this video I'll let you know
if they're not up or not but Allie and
Lauren are still working over there
working hard the dogs are still bugging
them like normal and I guess I'm gonna
go do some errands wow you guys are
really busy
what's this any more of these okay you
don't want to say anything you just want
to do this we gotta do a reorder oh my
god it's so barren what's up with those
ears is a storm a-coming so we're here
for tape and table food toys I just
found this out I was talking to Yoshi
and I think this guy or this guy one of
these guys on the nerf gun is actually
friends like he grew up with them knows
one there's no tape tape that a good
table don't want to get distracted she
wants exactly this kind this looks this
pretty accurate Oh what do you think we
get this kind do this would be so funny
you guys you sure it's like arriving in
this kind of tape if it's just gonna be
so fancy no doing whatever gonna basket
I'm literally gonna buy all this tape I
never thought in my life I would buy in
pair one more stock of tape but the time
has come she's gone over the deep end
and the machines going crazy again
enough maybe since this yellow heli will
no I got it close your eyes
yeah yeah okay hot in here no so I'm
wearing because we're working our apps
but no you it's sort of the dog does not
look happy at a hahaha poor Marley
should we hang her up and you're up
could she stand in there well that was
worth a dollar ducking bigger talking we
didn't get it Billy
over here Zoey hello Peter Zoey Zoey
Marco can she see at it yeah
Oh father is trying to help
can you see Marco Marco hi
somebody's hyper now oh you're right
do you want to stop being so mean though
is this Jesus a pig just a pig so I
think the grave good news
I'll go find Allie Zoe you were very far
down there hello want to get up go ahead
Zack come on that's okay I'm gonna hold
okay you have to tell me you know hey
this is the towering inferno no big deal
Zoe really want to talk where what's the
mantle but yet over the TV I mean not
the shelf not the mantel this thing yeah
okay okay I'm good very close to the fan
thank you
let's go finish the Dacor oh I can see
everything from up here her house is so
nice I'll get on the verge Oh Charles
Kim watch it don't run cuz I really your
dad is that we just plus your toy yeah
yeah well everyone dad what's the good
word we put the hoodies up and the
hoodies go off yet
now please woo alright guys this is what
we've all been waiting for all year it's
what I've been waiting for all year cuz
I know a lot of you guys been asking
this is how you turn the light on how do
you turn the light on in here I can
never figure this is it a long one there
we go still learning still learning
about this place
so the hoodies are now on sale on
internet kill TV calm the link is down
there do you wanna do a fashion show I
think we should do a fashion show I'm
wearing one of them right now come on
let's do a fashion show which are really
they're really good bowlers as you guys
saw about it like a week ago they're
really good bowlers Danville pretty good
you put up with a lot don't use oh yeah
all right so we got a Ally's dress has
been sitting here since her dress-up
days I've bought here before we begin
this I'm gonna get stuck in here because
there's no leverage inside you gonna get
out how are you gonna hang this by
yourself I have no I can do it I'm just
gonna drape the boss Oh big cut the
straps out Zoe help that Marlee that's
my foot and I'll take it and move as
many up like steps no more dress-up
so dark
so Ali and I are about to decorate our
very first Christmas tree what are you
reading
barley drop is
northen be good hey so Zoe
staring contest go you lost
I'd spit the other thing out hey move it
I just switch lenses let's go let's move
it or lose it now I can actually see
everything see the thing about the 50 is
that you can looks really awesome but
you can't get everything especially Matt
big head into shine I don't know if what
they had some shot now
because this Ali's favorite time of year
you guys remember every time we do this
every year every Christmas Ally freaks
out and just last year she decorated her
parents house now that we have this
place she can do it here
you keep it in the belts I said I think
she has to go bathroom
all right now you get a find out of all
these boxes one that will fit you so you
can model it bottling time modeling
modeling small got a model it alright so
this year we did the CTFxC in black good
I'm glad we can't see it
this is alley trippy modeling the CT FX
haters in black nice alright now we got
to find the blue one no this is only
modeling the CTFxC his headers in lapis
aka blue yeah so he's just watching nice
and now now you have to find the
internet killed television once could be
that giant box in there trying to find a
third third design I'm just like
documenting all this right now I feel
like in Cloverfield room it just
recording everything nothing as mediums
oh man the mother lode found it and
finally this is a like trippy modelling
the brand new design of internet killed
television at once was only available to
Charles because he is super special
special that was like the joke of the
nineties like that was then that was the
end of the joke all right guys now
they're all available on internet kill
tv.com at the store
hoody and play with her we have a
limited supply for the first order right
now it's all in the house it's not
pre-order you order it and we'll be
shipping it out in the next couple days
so go to internet kill TV comm or you
can click the link down there and go to
the store at the top right side and we
got like I said we got the blue haters
we got the black haters and then we got
the internet killed TV once you've been
waiting all year they're here the
hoodies go check them out
alright now for the task of decorating
our first tree you have no Google Plus
how many people does it take to put a
freaking stars you're supposed to work
like bottom to the top or you go top to
bottom you go we're making a fake
justice join the club there you go this
is Valley the perfectionist
good job good job high fives high fives
all around
low five I want to bring back the low
five everyone does the high five like
what if you're like hey hey Hallie or
hey Olie low five is that as cool as the
high five no low five there we go and
you get middle five oh I feel like I
should have been like slow motion right
though you flip it around he's staring
at the Christmas tree you love it no
where's that way
yeah I'm just chillin with my catnip I'm
gonna stare at these lights I need some
cadmium look she's looking for it she's
pissed though you cat naps over here
come here follow me all right we sold
this from kitchen all right KITT here's
kitchens catnapped there you go I told
you okay that's good all right guys I'm
gonna watch my tree now
I'm gonna need one more cat never wanna
listen to this
yep that's barley is literally listening
to you like as if you are like
performing a Phish concert right now you
realize that she was like hey can we
play stairway the heaven really playing
hot cross buns
okay anyone I earned this because I
learned how to read music and I let me
get us all right guys we're gonna go to
bed make sure though check out and get
your hoodies hoodies are on sale right
now links down there internet kill TV
calm top right click store first-come
first-serve guys so get them before they
sold out we'll see you guys tomorrow
good hey it's like just that newzik kind
of sucks I'm go to bed
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
you
