hey good morning guys you missed our
flight you don't judge us sir judges sir
you're watching Charles
alright so Danny and I have to to be
trying to get home as quick as possible
Billy's here Delta thank you victorious
was bie a space G yeah we can't figure
out her name but we have our seeing-eye
Billy which is how we're gonna get Billy
on the flight and then we got we got
booked as long as we land in time so
maybe we're gonna get home at 4:00 or
maybe we're gonna get home at noon
it's our fault it's our fault we're just
having too much fun drumming with
everyone this guy's minutes late yeah
let's just see if the other guys wake up
so Billy are you gonna be our translator
I don't understand English yeah what is
English for Billy he gets caught every
single time every time we come to us
Billy of all people it's not it's a
terrible person terrible person Billy
its snake
you see sneaking like they know and
they're just
just don't talk about it oh hey what's
up just meeting in the airport he knows
awesome where's hunter it's hunter here
we're scooter okay see home we're all on
different flights - what didn't
interesting yeah
I don't know if we can do this I think
you can we already told Billy just a
scurry ahead of us but yeah I think we
actually might may have walked out our
kids may be right next to each other and
we might gonna get home the exact same
time regionally planning it's really bad
lesson learned just get on the original
flight just get on it and pass out we
made it
Oh Oh your tradition too huh
no you just join in never gotta go say
hi to Ted no we honestly we made it I
cannot believe we made it even Billy
after going to the wrong gate
Billy went all the way to B and we were
literally four gates away from whatever
yeah landed heavy load of the vlog so a
lot of people don't even know that I
went Indianapolis no it goes piano
playing it's like deja vu this is deja
vu for me right now
rhyming in circles so how many toys do
you keep bringing in here Joey every
five minutes she keeps me in a new toy
oh good for alli and Lauren are really
working hard and getting all the merch
taken care of so we can get these
hoodies out to you guys is a little you
got a little assembly line going don't
speak to her she's working very hard I
know you haven't seen much of us today
and kind of when I got back I was so
tired I just passed out and I woke up at
6 o'clock at night and as you can tell
it is now freaking dark out I figure
it's okay I gotta have a little sleep I
could have a lazy day actually Holly and
Lauren have been really really really
working hard on the the shirts all the
orders from the shirts so we can get
those cleared out before we can do the
new order of the hoodies organizing them
so we might if we get caught up do like
a really a soft launch which is like
I'll just post on Twitter for all my
Twitter followers so if you're not
following me on Twitter make sure to
follow Charles Trippy on Twitter I'll
post if we can do it tomorrow it'll only
be available on Twitter and then on
Monday it'll be available to everybody
but we might do like a little soft
launch I guess so if you're not
following me on Twitter make sure to do
that we're just trying to keep it really
organized so it's not a giant cluster F
it's just out like the thing is it's
just Ali and Lauren basically doing the
merch we will always think about like
doing like a you know a you know a
company have a company or warehouse to
do it but the thing is like we toyed
around with it I remember I talked to
you guys and you guys really would get
you really don't want us to do that
because a lot of people like the fact
that Ali or myself or Lauren actually
handle the merch we actually pack it we
actually send it ourselves a lot of
people freak out when it gets dark
here so they kind of like that so I mean
it's like a trade off I mean we can have
a giant corporation do it but then it's
not as personal and I feel like the
whole vlogs are personal and you know
it's just blah blah blah blabbity
blabbity blah stuff you banana yeah I'm
a little bit delirious we haven't seen
you all day
I'm working what's wrong with you
whining no whining how's your head
ally had a migraine we've seen the back
of your head and it's ridiculous it's
all we've seen all day don't like he
knows don't like nose don't do it
don't let your nose up you did it game
over
see what you did
yes
with trippy
with Dirty Harry
