let's see tomorrow love you too you're
watching Charles Trippy and now he's
asleep trippy because we're the CTFxC
from the internet killed TV what what
huh fly all the time firmed up great Oh
mine says diamond Middle Ages platinum
okay it's tradition where is he
they never find them in the morning the
daytime is swimming the morning you can
never find you got him wait and that
actually looks like him but it's a it's
a rock all right I don't know gonna get
see him it's right there
got what we named them they would know
the Internet do you remember what I was
named the lobster yo I feel like their
lights turning on how do you know it was
I can't do with the magnifying glass
Oh things right yeah hey we talked to
you a couple life I want to see him
again like though yeah I like spiky for
five
no spike up for us good what's up buddy
what what is the plan yeah you do the
right side into it yeah shoot like the
fuselage right right right and then you
just give him not to let your good luck
everybody's got their leg different yeah
I say okay how to a fish and I bump
knuckles with the soda I have this
feeling right now that I'm just gonna be
sneaking up on his label look at all
four snake snake snake remember remember
guys when you see snake what do you guys
got to do I heard you I heard you being
a spaz and I came in here to see what's
going on
I just heard so II like growling to
herself and rolling around in the bed
now now you're here hello show them to
space show them just faced shake shake
Riley thank you you're making me look
fat dog you are so fat it's ridiculous
this fish is huge okay Louie this is my
hand whose fish huge it is one right
there there's a couple back there
this quick look at her left engine make
sure there's nothing residual out there
that would be fruitful in fact in this
video no problems will have a pancake
over thank you very much okay all right
well that's
yeah
Yeah right okay so were you up to here
what happened so Travis and Danny were
sleeping when that happened I haven't
actually told you guys what happened did
you see that outside of windows our
generator and our left engine shut off
yeah so the generator I guess to keep
students in cool shut off mid-flight and
they have the fire engines on the entire
runway to make sure I think it's fire
you know you're gonna straight-up
crash-land an element dude yeah it was
so funny that was the lady was like are
those guys with you I'm like yeah she
goes do you want me here with a pillow
to make sure they're okay
woke me up just just to say hey we might
crash my travel it was that was pretty
scary though all right well that's
that's a first
you've been eyeing these for like three
days every time one day planner
conveniently right next to the trick
play that I always the chick play and a
terminal actually recognizes us now
every time we come up you're gonna do it
she just notice
can you even see that right now oh yeah
hey fine I don't have my contacts in or
glasses see these two they don't know
what it's like to not have 20/20 vision
but those of you who wear contacts or
glasses feel my pain I'm bumping into
stuff in this area where it was for five
seconds let's just go to Danny vision
all right this is what Danny sees right
now so what he's seeing basically right
this is Danny vision hey Travis hey
what's going on I'm so excited to have a
healthy snack today I'm gonna make some
fresh ranch I'm gonna use my super sharp
knife to chop up all the veggies I know
I'm talking about but that's what I'm
gonna do come on video
come on video process process process
waiting for the video to process they
finally fix this because for a while
this bar stopped working
the the big one day they have a row of
them and then they have us pigs which
one did you get us in a stick or what
theoretically they're probably the same
mass right oh that's just a tiny one I
got this one that Andy has wrestled like
like you know what just happened where
it's only woke me up where it's like hey
I heard certainly caught working we
might be going down you know and healthy
I totally want all of them here's
something fun
I've been flying on planes for I never
knew this exists
Danny really talking about these little
things these little flaps that I'd never
know are either elephant oversexed
emotion look at it just a big like extra
cushion
hey guys so if people cut the window you
can see little snow flurries now it's so
tiny I don't think of a shelf on the
phone with Ali say hey I had to put the
phone next to it you can see it I don't
think you can see it at all it's such a
sports nut isn't he
Jim some flyers stuff over there scoot
all right if you split really hard
look at Billy's being such a dick
sitting on people's luggage like that
geez you're just sitting on it
something about this room it just makes
everything crazy man
it's coming for them okay so that bright
light right there is a helicopter I just
saw two ambulances drive by something
going on
well it's recording hello it is really
scary when you see like a bunch of cops
zooming by and then like a giant
helicopter with this little spotlight
maybe there's a house being chased
what kind of an ice sculpture do you
think we're gonna see listen oh my god
they have a chocolate fountain that
would be amazing
alright so it looks like we're playing
another arena this is a for like a
private party there's gonna be fun this
is this is fancy-pants right here nice
stage and everything looks like they're
building it now
I can flock that's a puppy I like
walking around the corner
I'm literally hearing noise walk around
the corner and this strap is just okay
so while I'm home I guess I might as
well start trying to decorate let's see
if I can get a good shot here hope
that's not a good shot let's find a good
shot there we go
everybody good and decorated you look so
good look at you you're so pretty you're
like being trapped by yourself you have
so painful actually got to tell you guys
at the kiss miss bash the Buffalo show I
don't the toys the end of check yes look
at that right there that's where it
broke it kind of does look like this
it's weird to say that
smaller than weekly yeah all right the
Midway no check yes you it Julius my
Easter egg broke right down there first
time ever snake has seen that and that's
why I ran off the stage and had to go
deep tune my other bass kind of freak it
out scary it was scary of all the shows
okay goat no go you're in charge of
decorating go go go decorate go are you
kidding me you're not gonna get out of
the chair you look so bright
you're like a Christmas angel puppy
Christmas usual puppy there ya go
that looks good okay this is that we're
the kings practices a new song in the
bathroom with some sharp pieces of paper
towels guys were getting ready for South
America is how we're doing it
and we keep getting getting in all these
awesome sports arenas we literally just
ran into some basketball players and
that's a good one keep going we got a
plate tonight so they walked by and
scooters just like this just staring oh
my god she's got the power
we should break on the stage guys
yeah we're late
these
more
christmas is coming guys actually it
really is like today's today's we're
actually having a record come out Justin
Bieber has one we do it yeah yep led by
Yoshi Kohli did you say for shizzle I
like to change it might everyone ever
fly choline to say for sure I have no
idea I like to change it with cavalry at
the time so cool all right feel jacket
it literally going up as we're going
down what a man do you think we're all
right oh no oh okay back up we go let's
do this Billy that yeah back in back in
they go this is the fun we have on tour
yeah we're gonna get like two hours of
sleep
oh there is
words
giddy with child tripping
with Griffin
