today is the day that I pick up my
husband from the airport I'm so excited
praying with some coffee cuz I'm
exhausted yeah it's gonna be a good day
guys
you're watching Charles Trippy and owies
trippy cuz where the CTFxC
hello Buffalo let's go causing a ruckus
over there snake yeah yo the Travis over
there traveling with like three three
laptops
let's go trav so I got a little bored
this morning and I was ok the a viewer
just gave me such a good idea I I
haven't seen Charles since after
Thanksgiving and he's only seen me in
this dress one time and we had like a
little bit of it get together with a
bunch of people on the night of the
wedding so like you know we didn't do
the whole like oh my dress and he sees
it and blah blah so I think that what I
pick him up from the airport in this
because somebody just suggested that I
do that on Twitter and I think that
would be hilarious so not sure how
that's kind of go over with the other
people have no idea what's going on but
we'll see I love this thing it is so
pretty I love it I literally would just
live in this all the time if I could it
is so comfortable
oyoshi we have three days off
go on home you're all right Marley
Marley hi she likes my dress too is
comfortable it's comfortable you look
good okay perfect oh I'm now gonna since
I'm about to get on this plane right now
and it's gonna be kinda boring I found
some really funny uh footage from last
night that ever got to put in the vlog
so I'm just gonna cut to that now so
I'll see you guys when we land in
Sarasota he's a child
the pilots checking make sure it was
rugged good luck
we won
and gave me the password for the private
network we're looking at going so
private network I'm more happy about the
guys that hitting the internet because
now for five days
Buffalo Glen's no shit here things gone
dude the Fat City it literally is like
so is so wet everything in Buffalo is
just so bad it's just wet everything
everything everything to the place yeah
yeah yes wrong place no it's okay
yeah Jim's if you use the proper gyms
good adventure what's your name Ryan
Ryan Ryan is making sure that we have
food Thank You Ryan for keeping us safe
that was a T thank you buddy
oh this food we got some food now Fat
City I'm ready to demolish goodnight hi
guys how's the company all my good I
guess good morning with ya I'm really
good
he says I can't do it we'll do it what
is it good morning sorry ah fuck it up
back it up back it up back it up
oh my god how does he know I was trying
to prank him at the airport but he saw
Mike tweet I thought he was gonna be on
a plane you like the whole time I have
some trivia for you guys so for those of
you who know this band which I hope all
of you do the clash I'm sure you do in
some way or another the album combat
rock let's see when and this album come
out this album was released in 1982 that
was before I was born but I do know the
music um but I just somehow forgot about
this one track called straight to hell I
was listening to a bunch of old records
and I freaked out and you'll hear why in
just a second why I freaked out I I I'm
just gonna play it for you okay just
listen to the beginning of this song
I fly like paper get high like planes
catch me at the Boeing of use in the
name if you come around here I'm making
my guy get one done in the second if you
wait so yeah that was just a lot my
curious to me because I did not know
that she sampled that song very
interesting anyway oh oh so it's on
their way to the airport and I was
getting all ready to wear my dress
and it started to rain so yeah it wasn't
a good idea to try and do that
unfortunately not to make it a prank in
this time this time the ghost piano John
keep it up where is Teddy Teddy Teddy
Teddy Teddy Teddy areas swimming in
circles like always the same girl always
in the same direction every single camp
day he's just like really what a life
same directions every kind of you know I
always been playing dress up as you saw
now ready go see the dogs hopefully
might give them a big heart attack we we
got off the plane that was so funny we
got off the plane and everyone's wearing
like three jackets because we're just
used to the cold weather for like a
month so we're gonna rest today and then
tomorrow is getting ready to put the
hoodies on the store
get it going
tear it up tear it up so happy to be
home so we don't know what she wants
she's terrible to the fishies all the
spices salt and sugar baking powder and
corn starch and this is your hot sauce
okay you better have fun doing the
homemaker have again there we go okay
guys now you know our kitchen white wine
red wine spirits laser things I left it
on the counter but she kept poking yes I
put it somewhere why go on your crack
house there you go so now how earlier
today I talked about m.i.a and how she
sampled the clash okay get ready for
this because I'm gonna blow your frickin
mind
I mean they're doing merch and I have
this
this is a really obscure band Kraftwerk
I mean it's not like really obscure that
sound it's so hipster but like it wasn't
very popular just wasn't very popular it
was good nothing like the classroom was
to a hipster
oh wow Coldplay's talk from the album
X&Y you're the same as we're in a jungle
of clothing we're chopping look chopping
for merch that way I can't hear you
you're like whispering who could hear
you whispering oh my god it's a bag
let's freak out battle hey Dogface
yes stoked that I'm home yeah like you
stole my seat it's okay it's your
birthday tomorrow so you're allowed how
I just wouldn't run to the store she had
to get a couple things for the merch cuz
tomorrow we have a big giant order of
thinking like 95 get this guy's there's
literally 3,000 pounds 3,000 pounds 95
boxes of hoodies being delivered
tomorrow morning that's literally a
literally a ton and a half of hoodies
being delivered we're gonna get it all
organized and hopefully by Saturday if
not Monday but definitely by Monday
they'll be you know available for
purchase and stuff like that so I'll let
you guys know about Internet kill tv.com
a lot of you guys have been asking so I
figured I'd just like knock it out now
just let you guys know but um no it's a
I was just adding the video and I found
some footage from the last couple last
night actually and I was just like
watching the clips from you know like
like yesterday's show at Buffalo
specifically when there was 15,000
people all chanting the lyrics
specifically say like me just all the
new single just like chanting and
belting it it was unbelievable I just
wanted to talk about it really quickly I
have much time to talk about I was so
exhausted last night I passed out think
about this guys let's do some math here
right so 15,000 people are were in that
stadium screaming right when I was
playing it I was like this is the most
amazing thing and then I got really
freaking like who's like this like this
something just came over me right
I thought about it so how many like how
many people watch these videos daily I
don't know maybe like 100 hundred
thousand one hundred twenty thousand I
don't know give or takes if YouTube
works and stuff like that or just think
about the subscriber base and the see
vexy channel not including Ali's channel
or the Charles Rupert channel or
anything like that
I think this channel has I think at
least 500,000 right 500,000 right / 15
that's what I don't even know how many
times just think about that like a
stadium full of 500,000 people it blew
my mind when I was out there because the
power of the Internet you want to mean
I'm able to reach you guys daily just by
uploading a video or tweeting something
or something on our Facebook or anything
like that instantly to that amount of
people 15,000 people don't get me wrong
guys that's a lot of people to be in
front of and the center and they're all
staring at like five or six dudes on
stage it's incredibly amazing this is
the most amazing feeling that was such a
cool feeling I was just thinking about
it I was just like wow if I had every
CTFxC err they couldn't even fit into
the stadium you ready you only mean all
the CTX ears and then all the way the
Kings fans and now we're becoming this
giant family it's just growing so much I
don't know I'm just getting kind of like
it's kind of like it's kind of like this
like I don't know the deep meaning thing
but no it's just really honestly that is
freaking unbelievable
a lot of people are asking because in
the vlog yesterday you could see me like
with my iPhone filming I actually filmed
yeah like I think 2 or 3 minutes on
stage with my iPhone I just walked out
there with my iPhone I mean I uploaded
to our iPhone channel the YouTube icon
says trippy Channel I'll put a link down
there in the video description or you
can just click down there and the video
will pop up over there go check that out
because that's actually on my iPhone so
it's like the most intimate way to be
like hey guys BAM this was kind of far
back I literally had the phone and what
it was doing with my phone at that point
so I'll go check that out because it's
even crazier because it's like literally
phone in the middle in it well talking
too much I just wanted to bring that to
like everyone's mind like just to think
about like the internet it's just
unbelievable
I love it and I love being able to share
everything with you guys and I think
that's incredible incredible and the
thing about like this - I was actually
can't stalk an alley I was getting
called kind of like mooshi about it but
like in the past three years like I want
to say what we've accomplished it's not
just a lame I
self this is you guys you guys put you
guys basically drive us you push us you
inspire us to keep making these videos
by the comments by meeting you guys
there that's another whole other thing
like meeting you guys on the road has
been incredible you guys been so
supportive so nice I could talk
literally for an entire vlog ally and I
adore you guys you guys are the greatest
things that has ever happened to our
life except these two little munchkins
right here they're pretty awesome too
I just wanted to let you guys know about
the hoodies want to let you guys know
about the little iPhone video that I was
filming what I was doing on stage and I
won 110 percent know that Travis hunter
Danny Kohli Yoshi scooter Billy Duncan
all the guys appreciate your guys's love
and support I'm gonna go kind of just
like watch a movie kind of relax a
little bit and I'll take it easy because
tomorrow is gonna be a busy day and I'll
just thank you guys
good night enjoy the little bonus iPhone
video see you tomorrow PS look I'll fat
this little dude get that's my finger
he's huge
without tripping
in early
