Oh No
you're watching Charles Trippy and now
he's asleep
trippy that's where the CTFxC the
internet killed TV I was walking in and
I was like thinking to myself Chloe this
place looks really familiar
hey blame you Swami yeah these are so
tiny like why do they try to fit us in
here just doesn't work what my eyes
could open up any bigger we're gonna
start a new thing guys every time you
see snake like going and soundchecking
them I like it I'm checking guitars or
just on stage like you can see them
right there
see snake I want everyone I want all you
guys just go snake and I want an entire
crowd to this go every time he comes out
every time you see snake on stage guys
like before a soundcheck just you'll
make Billy's day every single time if
you just maybe doesn't lease Myles a
little pull you Jim oh he's in snake
mode if he's not smiling he's in the
snake mode I'm just gonna walk around
this is the the Sabres we're the Buffalo
Sabres play was really funny I was here
when I was a little and to play here is
kind of weird it's not tripping me out
she's gonna walk around feeling goodness
thanks little guy
is this what I'm gonna see every morning
what do you have to say Internet what is
that huh
yep back up a giant oval go figure what
doesn't belong in an Ice Arena it's a
blurry ghost town right blurry this
thing is seriously on its last leg to
the hockey ghost town good but this to a
street on check let's see it I can't
skate well let's have our guitarist get
finger skating I don't understand how do
you even do that
that's gonna be painful yeah
of all the fingers so what happened
there goalie he speaks the truth he
speaks the truth well I'm just standing
here and taking in the sights and I see
these two full of facts who's got me
rather excited I'm pretty excited now so
the rumors are the rumors are what we do
will be a dreaming debbie is going to
come out and I guess there's a highlight
the balloons are gonna they're gonna
have to really time now that's a fall
right there it says five seconds yeah
apparently all pose the way and her solo
set for solo keyboard solo something
flames
we're gonna get we got a keytar ready
for you and everything
this isn't a metal band right this
happened during I heaven can wait the
other night I got a lot of control
okay guys so my name is officially Ali
trippy I mean it was already last week
when I did it through social security
but I just got a new drivers license um
once I get home I will show you guys my
new picture and my new license and it's
so funny okay I'll show you the two
different photographs because the one
that was on my learner's permit it looks
like I have a mullet because I was a
little douchebag and I had my collar
popped in the picture this was like okay
guys this was like eight years ago
there's really no excuse but it looks
ridiculous and today I have a side
ponytail in my driver's license picture
it looks like I have hair on only one
side of my head so I guess I'm just
forever cursed to have a ridiculous
looking head of hair in every driver's
license photo that I ever get yeah it's
ridiculous it's so weird but I'm so
excited that I have a new license I also
have to say I am pleasantly surprised I
literally got serviced in two minutes at
the DMV
it was so insanely fast the lady was so
nice to me
she was so excited for me that I was
changing my name it was just it was
really really cute she also updated my
voter registration for me so that's one
less thing I have to do because geez
dude is a pain in the butt to change all
your information I'm telling you it's
like it's kind of a long process nothing
is difficult but it's like it just takes
a lot of time that's freaking cool
I don't want him in the photo all this
weight that's cool as a skate dryer the
last couple days you just try to ask
time if you froze in the first time I've
never seen him you got nervous around
somebody was carrying the bag to the
place it's adorable
he's like a little kid I feel like a mom
taking pictures of my kid get in there
boy it's okay
okay apparel come up and say like hey my
taking my kid to go and do that for we
take a picture look at these look at
these jerseys Wow
this is this is nice so you think they
have any lightning stuff here I'm
looking for hit dark sharks it'd be
random Oh where's Duncan Duncan would be
freaking out right now
this is what happens we don't have any
clean clothes we support the local teams
and you buy jerseys that are gonna be
entirely too big but it doesn't matter I
feel like the thing with a hockey jersey
though is they're always gonna be like
for xl's or something like that yeah I
guess they think buy the pads too it's
right exactly yeah they should make like
slim-fit jerseys but Travis I just it
was like the things all fall we just
want to go on the back and just when
it's tough on persuasion
oh that's cool I picked up the Kangas
one yesterday when we went uh hockey I
never actually played hockey with an
actual parking meter just bounced to
Rebecca no I'm glad you do that yeah
what do I do well I mean it's Carter so
it's got a Danny and I are trying to
find something to eat
kind of see around Buffalo but not
really anything going on there's
anything to eat Vegas feel really
terrible by saying there's an amazing
place around the corner we just didn't
find it yeah time to pick out some trees
guys oh it just it smells so amazing
sure we just looked at that one wasn't
quite to our standards it smells so
insanely good in here oh man I'm excited
it's like winter wonderland we got to be
funny for people who live up north and
like well no and it's like I bet people
who live on markets like you guys just
have like our nature but just dead in a
tent whoa that's the one mom that's
awesome
there's a little bit better yeah it's
cozy little better
yeah wow wow wow if you blame that is
pretty good Bobby
do not slow she did it in there like
creases should I do this in slow motion
yeah I want to see this
you
did you tell her surprise you think cats
out of the bag let's see the studio that
the makeshift studio and there it was it
was amazing it was a good good you know
proper acoustics and everything yeah
we're good
to be fun so yes it smoked each other
like yeah why really get you going it
gets you enjoyed demonstrate just hunter
and Koli game feel like what do you guys
do this bait trap one of the biggest
shows of our career am i beginning
career whoa look at that Wow hi guys
alright I like it is nobody here man
that real
they just bought our Christmas tree from
my parents house look over it into the
sink I got stuff on my hands
so I'm that's a pretty solid though the
petunia I don't know what you're under
the Kumari are you talking to me no
that's New York no that's that's Italian
York what are you
stop shoving your food in your face and
I feel like every vlog is just gonna be
my mom eating something amazing show
guys crap dude that was that was
un-frickin'-believable and thanks to
Yoshi and Duncan vision hey I hope you
all liked it without Yoshi and Duncan
vision that wouldn't have happened we
want you to get up you want to thank you
over answer alright listen to the
teacher I think I'm gonna go text
message okay
make a form-fitting Duncan Stern hold it
tight a lot of pressure moving day ready
for a moving day
all right so we're packing everything up
right now time to go home for a couple
days then restart your shenanigans again
gonna have fun in Connecticut oh yeah my
life oh yeah right melody borders snow
though Cole and I we have wives we're
the only ones this thing means you have
it's like Power Rangers there's a we the
King leave the buzzer laughs make it I
had to bend in a minute
another thing you managed to go to Nicki
Minaj why why why why why why what if I
just hey hey hey shut it down Marley
welcome does like a stripper pole and
everything this is pretty cool literally
the little bus
psst
with trippy
with their penis
you
