hello everyone so we are going to a
beach of sorts leave these months how we
got them all in here is still a mystery
Zoe's playing the game of do not look at
Finley and Finley's playing the game of
trying to drive a car as you can see I'm
not with char and his sister and the
tops having an amazing time asleep I'm
getting stuffed on because tomorrow is
Valentina and Danny's day me shower at
our house and I'm very excited so I'm
doing all the pretty much I'm grabbing
all the food because I've not grabbed
the food yet and I'm getting everything
prepped and ready I have so many really
cool ideas my sister my mom are actually
helping me out with this I gotta grab
all that and I'm going to hang out with
these a little bit so I'm gonna bring it
back to my mom's house that's why he
didn't go to the beach but he's going to
be hanging out with my mom tomorrow
while we have the baby shop so this is
Finley's first time at an actual dog
beach with other dogs so it's going to
be a fun experiment and I brought the
dog GoPro harness because he's probably
the most interesting with it you guys
will reach love this place it's hot the
sand is so hot they're like ha ha ha
they go then
this is actually the most ice cream Zoey
in the water coming out there you go
sz√©kely the cleanest I've seen it a
while
Gill mark come on show family how to do
that didn't go shower Dodge Intrepid the
size of homes and the possibilities this
is really a thing
laughs yeah all the goods from the store
so the tomorrow's would be amazing I'm
still working on everything that I'm
making like all the little props and
stuff and things that we're going to
hang out to decorate yeah
while charter is where it's 10:00 in the
nice because gets a few the dogs out of
the house which allows me to have more
room oh and by the way guys the hats are
out if you guys have not got them make
sure that you go to CH FX to merge calm
and get your hats this is one of my
favorite do for the vlogs because we do
way too much for the vlogs but we love
it we love it regardless but if you guys
haven't checked my yet they're going
really really fast so make sure you do
go to CTFxC merch calm and I want to see
photos of you guys and then once you
have them okay
d what are we going to do we're going to
clean it then we're going to go for a
walk yes
Oh
Oh
so I want to jump in earlier so there
are Steve the singer is right there like
baby once they just wondering I suggest
it's a lab face boy looks depressed you
look depressed
go for tomorrow get it good job Marv he
wouldn't go get it
so Marley had to go get it who is that I
was like a grin like yeah I did it right
so there's one isn't it yes I wasn't
crazy dang this is all from that bar
it's way out there so basically the
whole baby shower theme is going to be
based around like little dinosaurs and
I'm really teaching like The Land Before
Time kind of making it as lame before
time as I can does that make sense you
guys I'm not seeing The Land Before Time
it's amazing
we're gonna have like a dinosaur kind of
baby scene to it I'm so excited to make
it something so simple and so silly but
I just I can always make these it's
basically deviled eggs but then they the
outside of it is dyed to look like a
dinosaur II how freaking cool is that so
I'm going to try and make those today
and then I have to freeze a bunch of
babies and ice because I'm doing this
it's super corny and super funny and
weird and I don't lie I'm you know if I
bring an ice cube trays on the tide and
whisk take an ice cube when your ice
melts and baby is free shout my water
broke first water brick and get
surprised I'm doing that oh there we go
oh there we go
1 2 3 4 1 2 up that's a really nice day
out there bird goes I go
they're funny it already had it first
kid to cook but if you have no idea you
have no idea when others might have it
take a two liter bottle of coca-cola and
squeeze it really hard
we're done
waiting on Finley you've definitely got
the p-brane you guys are ready to go huh
it's a nice day how there is so you're
nothing like my favorite part everyone's
exhausted been getting good job buddy
first time at a beach that's good you
know yeah yeah I was campaigning all
those the cops are getting babied out
yeah I was I was trying to figure out
where you're going
yeah and we're going to walk this way
and what oh this is actually pretty cute
this is something that's always sucks
for me but every time I like hard-boiled
egg I will always do is just under and
that way we'll you bought into it it's
just like that skeptic says it's testing
you but here's the trick if you spin an
egg this is an uncooked one if you spin
an egg you see how wobbly it is if you
get a cooked one killer's faster yeah
but see Wow
that's how you tell who says just
because we do stupid things in this
channel that you can't learn something
and now you know let me just get
close-ups of this it's like a little
little beautiful baby girl yes you do
yourself yeah very cute oh no I didn't
care about your brother's pretty girls
but I also didn't swimming into the
ocean and I'm telling how you only
didn't so classy I heard something about
a bulldog so he pooped somewhere earth
club well what let's go fight when the
dog no no a cooperative I can't say that
I do too much cold water it's like it's
like if I were to pay pay you if I want
to take a two-liter bottle of coke
really bad
that's really disgusting at that that's
what I told I mean like I have a vivid
idea of what it looks like and I
actually I'm mortified right now it
shoots out he's like okay and then even
though the edge and you could just be
slowly going down with all the people
were only been in the water and it was a
massive he pooped in the water like oh
blended there's a clinic to go put it in
the water and then we got home and he
just creeps off and he's like oh my God
look look look look I'm not good morning
he was just apart a little fatty
he couldn't like I'm never going back to
the beach again and then he was like he
was like water back it is like I need to
not break this you may have to pay for
it you know they say you break it you
buy it
kind of like my heart you broke my heart
when you bought mine well no that was
really bad oh my god some premium being
the other day so our did they said I was
sorry some party
and and when your friends are having fun
they conjure something like this
exactly really good hope they're good so
I don't know it was actually an order I
found this on Pinterest and it's
basically like you make hard-boiled eggs
and then you kind of like smash up the
shell a little bit and then they say you
put and apparently it turns out it kind
of looks like like cracking dinosaur egg
looks like a green dinosaur egg is it
going to turn out I have no idea so this
is all you do hey would it be easier to
take one individually so we can have an
idea I think I know what I'm going to do
I think it'll be I was like you're out
you sir is very let's just let that one
sit for a second I think doing it I code
you have to open it up this is not how
it's going to be ok super Sam but I feel
like see the darker the better really
face of a champion is whacked and head
by his tail you didn't care
those are actually coming out really
cool babe I call suddenly like peeling
off as well they want a plumber strange
idea you know reminds me of the TV show
dinosaurs dies Ali is just finishing up
everything for tomorrow we got a lot to
do today I haven't I didn't really feel
very well all day today so it was really
nice to just go to the beach and you
know watch family playing out in the
ocean for the first time I thought I was
kind of relaxing day so I hope you
enjoyed it though
oh yeah I got I said the hats are
available priced at about couple videos
anyway so also if you didn't see
yesterday's video go check that out we
did the beer we kind of made it up
didn't we the beer goggle challenge hope
you enjoyed that video and I hope you
enjoyed today's video please don't
forget to click the little like button
and leave us a comment and say hi we
will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night bye
you
you
