hey guys good morning I just just got up
I mean the bus is still moving
I have no idea where at so we're gonna
see them together
all right hold on and
where are we where are we up Franklin
fuck little boy
it's cold where the heck are we you're
watching Charles Trippy and now he's
asleep trippy because we're the CTFxC
where the heck's of Franklin mmm
breakfast
hmm good morning
what can I help you I got you on camera
doing that finally that's what Marley
does whenever she wants something for me
and I'm not paying attention and would
you kid could you guess what she wants
well don't you want well yeah no I don't
think so you have puppy treats open up
Google Maps this has been a new gate
I've been playing like where I wake up
okay
okay okay now let's do a zoom out what
state are we in
the anticipation okay I see where at him
it was really funny this right here
didn't load all the way home versus
Indianapolis it didn't load all the way
it said India I was like what hole did
we get the India okay so going
Indianapolis we closed find the Marlee
in the room you are not supposed to be
up there hey you are just so vocal
lately what is up with that so I woke up
and there's this giant bag from I guess
I'm begging and Yoshi and that Kohli
what do you got here buddy oh man this
fat city over here so the essentials you
need to survive dairy and protein the
exact that's all you need right and then
you got sugar over here yeah this is
insane I've never seen so much baby
thank you Yoshi and Megan you know I'm
getting even more elaborate now but he
this is my masterpiece this might be my
masterpiece
oh sweet look at that indoor pool all
right well since I've been kind of
cooped up I think I'm gonna go for a run
for a little bit
only problem is I didn't bring my
running shoes so I'm gonna be hurtin in
like 20 minutes
oh well whatever oh I am on my way to
get my name legally changed I'm trying I
honestly like I read through a billion
websites just detailing how to do this
process and it is insane it's so
complicated like all the laws in the
state of Florida were just changed about
what you need in order to process a a
renewal of a driver's license but it's
like insanity you can look it up it's
crazy like you need insane documentation
it's just really complicated I don't
know it's a pain in the butt but I'm
gonna go and try and get everything
updated now wish me luck because the DMV
is a freakin nightmare so we'll see how
it goes
Christmas trees it's kind of funny I was
talking about buying a Christmas tree
and then just grow wild here I mean they
have to go a while somewhere but they
smell like a Christmas tree oh good so
I'm on this old old treadmill I think I
can hear it listen this every single
time
it's every time I touch it look at see
didn't make my hair stand on end but I
think this thing was actually made like
the 70s dude ah he's gonna go what is
going on
no I totally broken I started over
can you guys hear this I think it's
because it's like I never learned what
just sucks it's like what I do now so
every time when I go up faster
holy cow my name is legally Alison
Trippi I cannot I'm so excited I went to
the DMV first and they were like oh you
have to go to Social Security first so I
went to Social Security they changed it
for me and now I'm going back to the DMV
to change my license oh my goodness I'm
like a giddy little schoolgirl I cannot
believe this it's so cool I went from
like a pretty cool last name to like an
awesome last name every time we get to a
like a day off and stuff like that we
always try to get like a hotel so we can
all take a shower and I have to say this
has got to be the biggest nicest one
that we've ever had thing's huge there's
like a jacuzzi tub and everything I have
some bad news guys though some terrible
terrible news my laptop it's dying it's
the I'm hoping it just gets through the
next few days so I can get a new one but
it is completely dying it takes
iving eight hours to render a regular
video that takes usually three or four
and it crashes every time I try to like
do anything in Final Cut Pro so I'm
gonna go check out someone's right now
but the only problem is I don't have my
install disc for like Final Cut so I
can't transfer it over so fingers
crossed everyone I want everyone to
fingers crossed right now I'm doing that
my computer doesn't die until I get home
to seven maybe just steel scoots you
probably won't even know so yeah that's
that's what I woke up to Oh sucks but I
guess I mean I out of like probably
people in the world I totally destroy
not destroy I part like put to the
extent you what I mean like just make it
work cuz daily exporting and stuff like
ah clears crust that's my angry face
just spit all over you that's how angry
cookie time cookie time
you guys sharing sharing your bed
meeting your cookies you're so cute two
good girls like your crew jacket
he doesn't warm their villa great one
what were the kings up was that
simple let us ride I guess what you do
it anything that Indianapolis is just
ride your dirt bike around Walmart and
stuff we found a goodwill so we're gonna
go see if we can find some old retro
shirts because thing I've noticed is uh
laundry is very scarce on the road so
it's just easier to buy an old t-shirt
from Goodwill rather than clean the one
you have plus there's always some really
cool stuff so on a mission right now
it's every man for themself so you can
come back with the coolest thing all
ready for this the coolest thing you
know you guys are going down
the trick is justifying the menswear
first it all looks the same I love how
it's always sorted by colors okay
I think this would be good my dad shirt
pretty good dad shirt I think I think
that's a pretty good one
I don't know man I think I'm winning on
this right now I feel like I'm taking a
lead this looks familiar
oh yeah you put it under oath shirt cops
first kids that might be that's a pretty
good one translate this I've know it
looks like the same character over and
over again though truth maybe says truth
sure maybe oh that those are pretty
goals I love the story see when you're
shopping at Goodwill
the goal is to find a t-shirt that's
potentially older than you if you can do
that you pretty much win I just found
one from 1988 was just shy just shy
I think he's a fine they actually try to
do that this this is why we do this
efficiently this is this is why we do
this that's that's that's probably older
than you - all right snake winner I feel
like if you wore this no one would mess
with you none the creepy came with this
obviously he's awesome because he cut
his uh his sleeves off there's Trav's
new guitar as the guitar tech would that
make you cringe every single day
absolutely hey what are these
contraptions have you ever seen this
before
what are these Oh what is that thing Wow
what Billie any idea what this is I
can't I can't seem to figure it out what
do you do with these is it does it cook
something I mean what are what is this
thing what are these weird things what
is that Oh
why what is this thing wash the floss
yeah your teeth figure out that they
would have that many round wanted
goodwill in the comments guys who won
this Kohli win with this Olympic shirt
my peers won or was Billy's butterfly
shirt at the winner
it did say Alabama Britney Spears I
think you're sure it's the only one that
fit out of all of ours so I think you
win by people you guys decide I also
found a dare shirt from the eighties so
and it fit okay guys check this out oh
that's my new name I'm so excited
ok guys check this out that's my name
I'm so excited I beat ya Johnson was one
of the factors on the East Coast she
really is right off my feet well the
thing is that I didn't finish my crust
and you ate everything so I think you
might win like by standards of like
clean plate I never really
I I can't I have a weird thing about the
parts that I didn't spend much time
eating through the five seater on the
West is one of you look Santa visited
who did this Hank so I guess these are
these are Danny's den Nana's throat dan
Nana's husband s den manner the change
I'm Dan mannered and Anna let's just
take a look at their that actually looks
genuinely comfortable
I get to like incline down there
there we go
thank you IKEA I hear exactly I figured
since we're so close I should like you
know pile up him some coffee right there
that was really pathetic dollar off
don't mind if I do
Duncan and I have been having a
competition on who can drink the most
coffee I'm winning
whoo Wow yes I feel like you you one
life right now dollars Wow okay so I
might kick ball I'm watching my seems
like it's really cold outside I'm
freezing so glad I didn't bring a jacket
that would have been about to be one
let's go watch your waving Subin she's
being crazy Diaz here
did you win just making it up now you're
just making up numbers you don't even
know any how you won
so mr. snake over here to show me that
shirt and I have to get it I have to get
it dude we're like brothers we're gonna
be like brothers I have to I feel like
playing with that shirt on stage would
be so funny and to have you like being
on the side of the stage with that shirt
we have to get everyone because we all
believe in Santa Claus sorry this is a
Griffin chapstick investment of the
entire Taurus chapstick I keep looking
at like chapstick for like two bucks in
the island you know when you're I don't
want to get that right now like no it's
gonna be nicer tomorrow and then I'm
walking through this weather and I'm
just like fucking her lips so Danny just
picked it up I got my own Santa my Santa
shirts Charles just tried it on in the
middle of the store like a chicken
pounds so I'm gonna put it back inside
out they closed the things dude there we
go
all right don't would you just get I'm
gonna sound a little liberal that's some
green tea and honey
because I feel like being healthy oh you
mean this I'm gonna sleep with my jean
jacket on double denim
so just kind of winding down watching
I guess it's waterboy before Danny our
driver gets here and we head over to I
think we're pick were looks like Chicago
friend Chicago want to say thank you
guys for being such amazing scientific
seers and supporters and just watching
the videos all the time even though
there's been weird like changes with
YouTube I just feel like there should be
some sort of like achievement like an
achievement unlock or something like
that for you guys just being so awesome
wait a minute maybe there is one me
you're like I did that you like that
like that you guys just got 500 gamer
points yeah you're welcome
just for being awesome Duncan anything
you want to say I'm pretty disappointed
oh yeah the Ducks fan we did good
you know today's a good day in general
there we go everyone say poor dog kids
giving up gives us Scott's a Philly fan
so the big rivalry anyway hope you guys
enjoy that gamer point you're welcome
yeah you're like it was pretty spiffy
right I know I'm pretty cheesy but I'll
see you guys tomorrow good night
worse yet
giddy with child trippy
to be
you
