good morning so we are in Atlanta and
this is what it looks like
you're watching Charles Trippy and owies
trippy does where the CTFxC the internet
chill TV yeah I like this venue this is
really cool like all the venues have
been really cool actually
there's old Emmy stuff I don't know if
I've ever showed this to you guys these
are all the like ropes took control like
all the lights and stuff still hanging
over there looks like a giant like I
don't know what's the thing I'm looking
for harp like a giant harp or something
if they're gonna shoot a video thanks to
lovely Megan back there
Danny and I will no longer smell we
needed to get the shampoo and some
theater and wait yeah oh that's so cool
so tiny proposing over here so Ali and I
are having a new competition with text
messages I'm sorry - I can't with text
messages that make emoticons and we're
trying to see who can do the best like
landscapes and photos and I absolutely
show you guys are - hold on so this is
mine and this is Ali's tell me which
one's better okay that one's Ali's and
that one's mine okay which one's cooler
see mine has a little monkey and a snake
and a camel
which one wins you guys look at the
settle this debate yeah it's a beautiful
day outside I am so excited to finally
go and just have a nice day maybe at the
park with the dogs because it's been a
while since they've had the opportunity
to relax and play at the dog park so I
might take them there today we're at
least gonna go for a bike ride or
something later
I'm so excited to see Charles he comes
back on Monday so I just have to make it
through the weekend
and then I get to be with my husband
he's been gone basically since we got
married he left like two days after no
so I cannot wait to see him I'm so
excited for that and then we get to go
and pick out a Christmas tree oh my gosh
I'm so excited it is the first Christmas
tree that Charles and I will ever picked
out together prior for our home and it's
so exciting I cannot believe it it's so
surreal and I cannot believe it's
already December 1st well it's December
2nd now but I can't believe it's
December 1st but it's just madness this
year has just flown by
the Incubus drive cool such a good song
so what do you think of this venue there
Coley does this one real yeah that's a
real one
totally real
your voice was a little different today
excuse me miss I thought I told you
earlier that you are not allowed up
there
oh my god you are insane and also a huge
brat get down please get get down get
low Marley
all right then every dog in this house
has gone insane insane yeah what why are
you stretching - okay
lazy butts aah
this is what you do kill some time up
so who uh freshman quarterback skills
again and I'm just running it uneven get
the plot
all right Koli go intercept it
you guys it's a mystical runaway cart
and no one is stopping to fix it so you
know what I'm gonna move it because I'm
a nice person
actually I just want anybody to hit it
with their car so I'm gonna move it
let's go get crazy cart all is right in
the world don't hit me hey so I just got
off the stage as you guys can see and a
lot of people reply me telling me
there's a whole new YouTube
I guess cosmic panda went live and hikes
it's all what if that's all I can say
eggs it's so hard to find videos you
oughta mean like to find the videos and
then if you go to the channel okay let
me see what you guys think okay go to
the channel you can switch the new one
this is the old one then if you switch
this is what the new one looks like I'm
just I don't I don't think I'm a fan
what do you guys think do you guys like
the new YouTube I know we always have
this debate in this discussion every
single time YouTube makes the change
everyone complains and stuff like that
but I don't know just the the video page
like when you go to watch a video I
think looks really good the channel page
and the home page I think they should
have worked on before because it's so
hard to find everything I don't know
what do you guys think I mean like
honestly what do you guys think it's not
like it's gonna really matter I think
this is what we're gonna end up happen
to make get used to and stuff but now
the change
I was gonna say something else but I
don't remember a thing another change
everybody's marriage where's my mom whoa
where'd you go mom my god I literally
had a moment of panic I really had no
idea where she was why should they buy
our shirts this the best you heard it
from my mom and she knows everything so
you should know right Charles that
effect part out yeah weird I've been
working really really hard getting
through some of the new orders so it
would be awesome if you guys would like
to buy a shirt they make a really good
Christmas present for yourself or first
friends yeah be patient plug plug plug
buy stuff and stuff just made another
one oh that's what Jesus said to mine I
like mine is a little rocket and
everything
well then that's very nice very friendly
you
hey snake let's see those a snazzy
jackets there Jack you can see these
snazzy we the kings crew jackets right
there those are pretty those pretty
snazzy these two say snake right on
there and a giant like Cobra on the left
shoulder yeah exactly
hey snake let's see those uh snazzy
jackets there jack see these snazzy we
the kings crew jackets right there those
are pretty those pretty snazzy these
would say snake right on there and a
giant like Cobra on the left shoulder
yeah exactly
so we're about to leave Atlanta for the
cold
we're about to leave Atlanta and I think
we have a day off maybe Nashville or in
Indianapolis maybe tomorrow and then I
think we're playing Chicago that'll be
really cool cuz I think the last time I
was in Chicago that was well uh Palooza
and now to come back they actually get
to play is gonna be really fun tour this
tour is over the seventh we're doing a
radio show or - I'm sorry I'm cold radio
show or two up in Buffalo cool because
that's weird my entire family extended
families from but definitely being on
the road is really really rough it'll be
nice to go home I think I'll go home to
seventh and I'll get to see Ali and the
puppies and apparently Ali says Zoey
Marley been getting really super
depressed because I haven't been around
and you know I miss them all the time
and it's gonna be a lot better this this
tour is like the trial tour you want I
mean to see how it works how how do you
know how things go you know thought I'd
be better for her I have to come this
time because I didn't know what was
gonna happen you know how it was gonna
work out I didn't want her to be
stressed out or anything like that so
basically I'm the guinea pig and then I
report back to her and then a next tour
she gets to come and stuff maybe we'll
get our own tour bus and then like Zoey
and Marley could be in the back and
stuff but it's definitely definitely
rough being away from them because every
day you know around them all the time
and I miss them very very much
but luckily I'll be home soon and for
the next tours Ali will come out there
you know see you guys as well and you
know I'm good to be with her every day
and stuff but I mean really honestly
thank God for like FaceTime and the
Internet
I'm doing these daily videos because she
gets to see what I do every day I get to
see what she does every day you know we
get to college other we get the FaceTime
get the Skype or whatever it's cool it
makes it a lot better I have no idea
what like Mugler my dad was on tour like
it hadn't been rough for my mom and my
dad all they had was telephones you know
I mean and no skype no FaceTime you know
things that ended cellphones not
existent it was payphones right over
landlines and even if there were cell
phones it was all like crazy roaming
charges and I don't know so I'm very
thankful I live in the time I do and
doing it now you know what I mean it's
been it's been fun it's been a blast and
there's gonna be a lot more tourists and
stuff like that and you know we're just
gonna work it out so I like him come in
hang out maybe I can provide to sneak
the dogs and maybe a bunk as well and
another note on all these days been
beating everyone out here you guys are
amazing making t-shirts making signs
like holding up the signs I see I always
I try to point to every one of them when
I see him out in the audience it's so
cool it's so cool this is like a double
blessing you only mean I get to like
hang out with these guys beat you guys
finally I get to meet you more than
VidCon and playlist which is amazing
it's so cool I love like so happy
speaking of YouTube they did that a
whole change I have to show you guys
something called pinning after this
video if you have no idea what I'm
talking about I'll show you guys what I
you don't have a computer in front of me
but make sure if you already know what
pinning is to pin all our channels so
that way you know how to watch our
videos but I'll explain that later but
anyway bus calls and probably like 10
minutes I'm gonna go use the restroom
and because that bird in that freakin
thing with Travis and the pigeons to
scare the crap out of me
so before I go to bed I was talking
about the whole pinning thing and
basically this is what it is this is the
brand new front page of YouTube right
and you have these little channels right
here and this is what I'm talking about
pinning so if you go logged in and then
go in here where it says see all it'll
load all your channels that you're
subscribed to right and then what you do
is is find um
Ally's like all our channels Ally
channel the trippy channels CTFxC and
Charles Trippy and like find all those
channels and just click the little pin
button you just go right here click it
and then it shows up over on the left
side and then when you log in every
single time you'll be able to see us
it's just like a really quick way that
way you can speed make sure like if the
subscription box isn't working so make
sure to pin us and I'll put all the
links ain't all down there and all that
fun stuff but unless Hank and I really
go to bed now
is late I'm tired and I'm actually not
feeling too good right now I did indeed
some rest I took so long
vitamin C took some melatonin hopefully
I'll pass out and actually get a good
night's sleep and then wake up in
Indianapolis all resting resting ready
to go
Erica is I'll see you tomorrow say good
night Hank
I'm slowly losing my mind in this tiny
little bunk
no they losing my mind
probably
she looks what she's like a
contortionist like how is she doing it
drop that drop it
so say goodnight to everybody
I decided to call Ally one last time it
woke her up where's Marley
the other side of Zoey kind of the
covers oh of course she is
all right get some sleep I love you
good night
where's he at
with trippy
with drippy Harry don't forget to
you
