hey guys good morning see we're out here
I have no idea where just woke up
Nashville
cool you're watching Charles Trippy and
owies trippy does where the CTFxC the
internet chill TV uh-oh looks like Ellie
has a migraine poor baby
now that's a big cock I had to do it
goodbye giant old cock it's over at
Nashville and I feel like there's got to
be like a million and one different
things we could do for it
no wonder well hey Danny what's the most
touristy thing you could do in Nashville
that's pretty good about call it country
music all we needed either go to to
teach orchid lounge I'll probably either
be cool first off I need to find some
coffee it's free with your toilet what
is yeah rock and roll country music oh
anyone want to do that oh no one jump at
it no I think it's real this no shoes I
miss you already
bye bye oh I miss you already l will be
back whatever do you belong there
do you are you I really wish that you
would sit on the couch like a normal
person dog whatever you're on the ground
like a normal dog normal
alright guys so I guess about a month
ago
I wasn't a month ago Ali and I did that
video with guys from Orabrush they sent
us a bunch of them well since they knew
I was on tour with these guys look what
they sent so guys
help yourself and I was have a little
competition so they sent us a bunch of
or brushes and the tongue foam I'll grab
a tongue foam and Bret grab an Orabrush
our hygiene challenge yes is gonna be
the hygiene challenge the guy who
invented his name's dr. Bob he's 75
years old yeah what colored I want to
have black 75 years old was selling this
out of his garage nobody wanted to do
anything about it
teamed up with a college student i
actaully teamed up with a college
student they put it on YouTube and no
joke these things are now available in
Walmart and CVS now just because YouTube
is the first product ever go from
nothing to national distribution just
from YouTube so chalk it up to YouTube I
want to be the tongue just the giant
tongue big old tongue everyone gotta put
the tongue foam on there huh you moisten
with the tongue phone one day two bumps
okay your tongue gently brushed several
times with your oral brush reach and
scraper towards the back your tongue and
remove the residue generated from
brushing this is where the fun part so
was I right or wrong no you have to put
it on the brush if preferred directly on
to tongue okay okay we're all on there
who wants to go first
I'll try goalie go first okay we're
literally five you see yeah yeah oh okay
now you have to do like this uh-huh
yeah don't pop the hood
how long good until you feel like you're
clean here's a fun fact did you know 90%
of bad breath is caused by by the tongue
the germs on your Tom's do you know that
Wow you can feel it you feel better it
feels fresh so fresh so clean so fresh
so clean
I do feel thank ya tastes like it tastes
like pine tree uh-huh so if you guys go
to Walmart at CVS you can go pick them
up now they're national and oh there's
thousands of Walmart's across the
country actually giving away free the
tongue foam stuff worth at this stuff so
if you buy the Orabrush there's like a
display and they'll actually give it to
you and if you're one of the Walmart's
that doesn't have it if you go to
Orabrush complex Charles Trippy take a
photo of the unopened box they'll
actually send it to you so it's pretty
cool they might even send you a penguin
my premise
those are entry awesome you feel good
yeah we have enough right now talk to
girls now you can go good new clean
breve up there again for clothes now
yeah no I don't worry about it they make
for great stocking stuffers guys don't
tell Danny I'm gonna put it in the
stocking stuffer wait do I put stuff in
your stocking stuffer stocking stuffers
there I was talking with some stuffers
we did this last time with Ali and I
think Ali actually had more gunk on her
tongue yeah so I'll try to find that
I'll put that in the video description
but thank you or brush for making sure
that we are completely clean on tours
medic what is hygienic hygienic Wow Wow
clean tongue thank you her brush so if
you guys don't have an Orabrush
go to our brush calm and check it out
they also have a youtube and tell them
thank you for making sure we the kinks
actually has non funky breath when we
talk to you after the shows that's right
I'll feel like I'm cleaning up
I have a strong tone so who do you think
had more gunk on their tongue guys
definitely definitely not me actually
one so yeah I go saying make sure go
Walmart go pick up an Orabrush now
that's these stores and then go get your
free thing now we're walking downtown
Nashville it's almost nighttime and you
can almost see my breath and had you
seen it now after the Orabrush it'd be
clean there's downtown Nashville we got
a walk off we decided to walk since
we've been stuck in the bus for like
three days
wow what a productive day it's been not
it's seriously 6:30 almost and I'm just
now ready to go and take care of what I
needed to take care of today I woke up
this morning with a migraine I took
Justin and went to the airport 5 a.m.
and look text message uh-huh I took
Justin and went to the airport really
early this morning and I was so excited
I was gonna get have to be productive
I'm gonna stop talking now I just feel
like I'm ally excuses lately so I'm
gonna go and get them stuff done I'm
taking you with me so let's go out of
fish food run on some errands
oh my gosh there are Christmas lights
everywhere and Christmas music is
playing everywhere and it is oh he can
be so excited I don't want to feed a kid
Eve may totally fat when I see kidding
baby oh no kiddies maybe they all got it
topped it for Christmas oh oh go get a
doctor for Christmas oh my god I want to
be you you look so comfortable where
you're like a little shush on will you
look mean just like kitchen I don't
think there's a cat in the world that's
a meaner than mine I know they're
Bobby's out really big cats know if I
had like a big cat like a cat who was
really down with being held I would
literally just drape it around my neck
during the winter and just wear it out
cats are like so warm
they'll be so much fun then you can
spend all the time in the world to do
Kitty and stay warm oh my god yeah
that's what she needs actually hello
don't run oh they're mad at me to run
away I love you oh whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa this purse this guy's bad
don't hate me oh oh oh are they fighting
yeah
Oh get him where they go where'd they go
hi violence isn't the answer my little
friend
you guys are so rough take they're
tackling each other it's like what Zoe
does to my lay like go crazy you guys
stop every time I turn the camera on
what's up with that
it's a pretty little city first time in
Nashville Nashville can't see home
country music right totally want to
actually star that right now see if it I
can jump in it just like ride the train
somewhere Transformers just have
speakers in them pretty awesome that's
pretty cool
just music just on the side of the road
like that yeah I was t fair by the way I
didn't do a proper introduction he's
just was a guy in the background a lot
of weight Travis look both ways santuary
yeah right
the tog would wait the Rhine go what's
the Frogger theme song let me actually
go I think we can go we good
they're just freaking out there everyone
alright Charles remember just to put
Frogger music in the background on this
entire trip I don't either I don't need
their to do Tetris they really like
country music here I didn't take a
shower for all you Titan fans this tour
is like long I'm going a riverboat this
tour is like I get to show you guys all
about football stadiums and stuff even
though yeah you know me my my football
skills just so want to do it because you
know if I play football with these guys
I'm just gonna show them up and then
agreed and in there man card
it's an embarrassing situation so this
is actually where the flood and
Tennessee Nashville went all the way up
there and everything this is the river
definitely repaired everything
watch the girls yes it's like they're
not really gonna ever fall stupid Birds
like whoa whoa Jesus they're so funny
what are you dying on is so funny dude
this thing is such a spaz
show me your crazy eyes he was evil I'm
not
no wait it's following us
thinking to fix it there we go Wow Wow
this is where Kid Rock to play this one
you put off your iPhone you're such a
hipster at Starbucks on your iPhone you
fit in you blend in you've successfully
mastered the art of being super seen
wherever there was a Starbucks there'd
be a group of like 25 highschool kids
you might still do this now I did it
when I was in high school we all used to
go and sit there and pretend like we
were working but we were just drinking
coffee Charles always makes fun of me
for eating mayonnaise so you know what
that's what I want for Christmas that
giant tub of mayonnaise that's what I
want
KitchenAid yeah that's all I want it's
the only thing I want just a lot of man
they have to like seriously the biggest
condiments I've ever seen like that is a
giant this is giant make some giant
fundaments giant ranch bottles okay who
eats that much syrup
I mean I guess this is for like
restaurants and stuff like that but
still cracks me up
just put ranch on anything it's better
it's we are doing all of our errands
super late now it's like eight o'clock
and now we're finally getting out and do
it what we need to do put the jar down
stop smelling the candles oh gosh let me
see that face again hold on
seriously this thing is gonna drive me
freaking crazy okay so a viewer actually
gave me this
so Zoey Marley ever thought away coming
back
I'm little and thus yes tomorrow
I wanna rip this
hi guys
baby
giddy with child tripping
where's he
with Gary
you
