gloves check jacket check greenie check
hoodie and check I like five things on
you ready for this it's like
30-something degrees ok go back in going
back here it's for you you're from
Connecticut I should be able to brain
food oh that bad it's cold it's gonna be
wait either Hey look at that nice waffle
beanie I have one just like it I feel it
I feel like you might for all I couldn't
breathe through my nose my entire
everything is this everything goal it
just gets through my jackets oh wow oh
you can't see it hold on giant arch wait
focus there it is there it is good
morning it was like the longest intro
we've ever had you're watching Charles
and Ali's speaking trippy cuz we're the
CTFxC
Evie st. Louis oh my waffle BTW back on
never been this close to that thing
alright well first time I say Louis the
other time we were just driving right
through such a weird monuments just I'm
Johnny large isn't it like the Gateway
to the West or something isn't that what
that means seiko you know that yeah yeah
mmm sweet time to go take a nice warm
shower not a cold hun couple days been
freezing I know I'm talking a lot about
showers but I appreciate this one oh so
go to sleep go to sleep it picks all of
you can't give up it was pretty good yo
G what's with this I'm sick guys this is
why we can't have nice things I am
currently signed in to scoots Twitter I
just love being around at we Dan
couldn't ask for a better good rat
saving my life that's often Isis that
was a very nice thing for deciding to
say scared we learned today guys we
learned never leave your Twitter
accounts open always sign out on a
public love public and personal computer
and friend but not skim you run this
morning can't be what
so crazy this is four o'clock cold dark
it is it's four o'clock right now I feel
like it what nine o'clock at night oh
maybe like eight o'clock and over
exaggerating okay so much better go grab
a while for that delicious okay i just
made waffles and there's auntie place
golden stack fancy place these are my
new plates I my new waffle maker I
literally everything on this counter we
got from the wedding my new friend yeah
my new mom hello hey hello oh yeah hey
that's sweet where'd you get that you
did what y'all good oh nice of her okay
i'm eating waffles now oh dang that is a
truck stopped right in the middle of
like an intersection what the fantastic
way to start the blog hello everyone it
is gross outside do you see this well I
hate days like this this is so cool like
do you see this is just rain drops that
have stuck to my lanai this is what why
it said this is the closest Florida gets
to smell it's very pretty it's so subtle
about it was like a Florida you know
sunshine yeah I feel like you'd be a
rainbow effect happening oh man that
looks awesome those are just like
hundreds of water droplets stuck to the
screen i tole you looking sheriffin I
hate it oh that would be cool let me get
a stool all right I really don't want
you to fall in the pool though I mean
that would be great footage I'm gonna be
a mocha great news i kinda want to fall
before wobbly you're afraid all the
sudden how could be home so afraid just
do that like just go like halfway gonna
smack ohh you're good you got it break
my ass I've never broken at all i really
want to start now don't start now all
right i'm gonna hold the chair that
makes you really okay make sure you get
this okay hold on i'm looking got it
wait not yet tell me what's in focus
okay go oh oh oh that was really haven't
you thought that was really cool no it's
so cool okay no please please don back
out the dog is cuz how he doing Zoe Zoe
get on way
so he is the dog is perpetually in the
way
no my words it over it yeah it was worth
it we're both late we didn't ask so cuz
we just film it in slow mode oh I try to
get right under it right over the water
just went right down like a shower now
powercli buoy huh looks like it might
snow oh man it's been such a nice lazy
day relaxing day supposedly like I'm
showing you guys it's supposed to rain
well cata rain snow it's raining rain
water sub yoshi yoshi vision Duncan
vision ah cool of his own the ground Zoe
yeah yep fuck it they're here he's here
look at the girls oh yeah she's crazy
nah she's looking looking right at the
camera that's funny like I James Aloha I
change the lighting in the kitchen
that's really bright Oh miss you guys
too look at Zoe he knows that that's the
laser push it we need to get like an
on/off button for it sorry get it
all right
alright well Marge I was looking at the
wedding video on the Charles Trippy
channel and I went to the whole like
stats information and then there's this
weird thing I guess it's new its metals
from YouTube look at this I'll show you
one alright so if you go and you could
hover over it see it says trending
silver so we got a silver medal which is
for the wedding video which I don't know
that means but hey that's silver medal
and then apparently for the wedding vlog
itself we are bronze interesting easy
does it easy does it my legs have fallen
asleep and I can't get him to wake up I
hate when that happens I feel like such
a media I can't even walk both of them
had both of the same time is that a rep
you it's happened to you okay you're
looking at eight years old and he like a
walker with a kind of spas foot the
water are we getting rowdy now I don't
we gonna take it down a notch or not Bob
the guy who actually made the CTFxC
iphone app and I guess is nice gave us
these little tiny like corn hole games I
guess we can play from the plots perfect
timing switch is ver rainy day
how hard was
cloud wow that's all that's like near
this is impossible I think you win the
game even if you get one just just the
one with Yeah right Oh a champion
pheasant how's that how champions do it
no I'm also one of those people
the actual exercise I would safe to bet
no hunter the little ringer over here
just one cornhole shark all right we're
here with Phil markings and story the
year we're gonna go what's this place
called flamingo syncopal okay sweetie
flamingos we were bored all day they
came to save us oh we carpool st.
louis-style right please mail me like
serious bowlers oh you have no idea
what's about to happen are you bowling
master
cool I like this is like 45 little lanes
nice and small we got build data mark
basically curing our boredom we were so
bored on the bus all day and they saw
they were here this grad
go for the span Joker oh nice
that's fine I got big balls dude
oh so close
borja panic offense never better when I
win later trust me it's just
do
let's go dude wait free peanuts we're
free peanuts what free peanuts I've
never had five guys and I've brought a
little afraid I feel like it's gonna be
a really good 5,000 prize a thousand is
it again you're ready 20 million
calories sounds like a copter I'm at a
little diner over there yeah yeah that's
nothing to do it nobody cried you get so
i'll show you i got regular price way
problem this is amazing there's like
really cool drawings all over
when you see it bag that greasy you know
that there's only one thing that can be
in their fries and just oh my god the
lens just fog out it's so hot remember
this is fries this giant bag is only
fries
try to go through the woods
oh oh word okay first person camera here
you
that's gonna hit something least come on
give me whoa turn out
seven
what I ball I try to make it quite quiet
here's how your old perfect strike first
it's about the fall then it's about the
muscle
oh that would have been amazing we've
been amazing lose anything I'm scared
good is it possible
who the legs
oh wow it actually happened now you got
to follow that up Danny strike
well what do we have here there Danny
Warren game
checking database
hey guys are bad everyone's asleep right
now angus is good night I'll see you
guys tomorrow up
tomorrow
see what you did
it's coming up hardly wait
where's ePSXe
giddy with y'all trippin
with chubby hairy don't forget to eat
more
you
