I feel like a zombie it was the worst
sleep of my life you're watching Charles
Trippy and now he's asleep
trippy that's where the CTFxC the
internet chill TV there yeah you can go
sterilize yourself now walking
everywhere
whereas Oh floor is very abundant and
like gold it's their currency so how'd
you sleep I realized once once I woke up
I looked up we were like sitting right
next to the door so that's why we were
probably all hotel it's true we didn't
miss our flight
we didn't so this is lesson learned
Midler's best and started camping out in
the airport it was just here less than
24 hours ago yeah not even 21
exactly my footage shoes exactly
breakfast yeah they would came right out
of there
see in a couple days
and I give you art
all right so that's where I'm at that's
where Ali's at she's moving
look
so up that you looked a little bit
getting closer are you all drugged up
right now my eyes are closed I was just
telling her how I slept on an
interesting morning and slept on the
airport floor that's not exactly
and actually reminded me on the airport
fire that's oh that's actually we should
probably just that everyone's been
asking why we aren't going on a
honeymoon basically since uh I'm
traveling a lot and Hallie travels a lot
and we're always moving around and we
didn't really have enough time just like
the dogs are always traveling I mean
poop you know we thought we'd have one
of those staycation honeymoon things
just kind of relax and that's me wish we
could go to Disney that would be
something I know you like Disney yeah so
that's why we're not going on a
honeymoon because it just it just be too
much and uh I think it'd be a little bit
nicer just to stay at the house maybe
just relax there maybe baby guys maybe I
might turn the camera on half the day
instead of the full day I don't know is
that allowed can can I do that like a
week like it like a little like a little
wedding week break maybe a couple days
maybe not a week
baby maybe like a day okay I can't do it
it's such a habit to film I think like
if I was a stop altogether I'd go insane
thank you bye was to stop doing vlogs
I'd be talking to myself all the time
without a camera and just like that
insane yes device ever stop vlogging how
would be the crazy person on the street
talking to themselves holy with the
truck and then we'll get the truck
what's up girls they're gonna tear down
the door I mean come on
she said they're going like this for a
good like three seconds okay guys
oh I bet she's not feeling too good
um that's actually why she didn't go to
the Ohio show but it's still pretty
early it's about like nine or ten
o'clock since I slept on the airport I'm
gonna call bed for a little bit so I'll
see you guys a little bit watch I'm
gonna go like this and I'll be back
great let's do this I'll be back okay
I'll see you guys a little bit watch
every day of their lives
the news article our news piece on the
wedding video
I mean it's chatter really cool our
YouTube page it's like you can hear
somebody in Laurel what are you doing
hey I can hear you through the
soundproofing what is going on huh
what's your problem what is your problem
you ready for this next step make it an
official you're switching from Ali's
speed alley trippy on Twitter we're
getting Twitter official we saw haven't
legally done it though how do you switch
it no the thing I could go is setting
this will never sign it for the other
could be oh I got it I got it
so if you're already following Ally on
our ally speed account you should
already right now if you're following
her look you should be now following
Ally Trippi so it's magic super magic he
was made Ally's day oh my goodness oh my
goodness yeah we were waiting for our
buddies who actually work at Twitter to
do this for us but she was getting
impatient since it's the holidays
Thanksgivings tomorrow so she would have
to wait until Monday so that's like four
more days you were getting you're
getting impatient everyone has to ever
ply Ally trippy now no more Ally speed
it's big change you can't you can't do
that anymore you have to require a
different name I do yeah okay
getting sad No
how about you hey it's what a piece of
pizza and I'm gonna go look for some
pizza right now
speaking of Twitter a lot of you guys
had a really fun like interesting idea
that we should try to at reply Ellen to
get the wedding video on our show so if
you guys have a Twitter I'll write this
on the screen go to your Twitter and
write
hey after The Ellen Show you should
totally play this wedding video on your
show
I'll put I'll put it down there so you
can copy and paste it in the video
description so just I just almost knock
the computer down and just see if she'll
see it maybe maybe we'll get on The
Ellen Show we already had Charlie puth
on there so that'd be really kind of
cool to actually follow Charlie and if
you actually don't know who charlie puth
this one who originally wrote our theme
song back in the day so see if we can do
that you guys okay actually I want to
show you guys something hold on you know
that is what price are you saying you
got an early screen all right I need to
change let me change this to a better 7
email yeah you're gonna do back spaces
good founders save changes as soon as
you click Save Changes I'm gonna do
tripping I'm gonna take this out ready I
gotta do it first right yeah just
checking it's available I'm hitting save
quick that's for change character uh uh
uh that's for quick oh my god you don't
remember your password
you got this no it doesn't yeah it does
no it doesn't it might be have to update
wait wait that's available yeah that's
the drama I know my first thing boom
okay see it this isn't in there
sensitive information on here anything
off beautiful yeah Twitter is officially
gonna you have to oh my god you're at my
background I gotta change your
background not have to do a lot of work
gonna come down here and hang out with
you know you've helped that help sort of
it's good to be able to just go for a
little Drive and be near your parents
for them you can just make your mom okay
now you're gonna like my wife I'm I'm
not expected to cook this barefoot in
the kitchen that's what I'm doing I dyed
my the hello to the interwebs we've been
watching your mad dance skills on the
video around this over and over and over
and over you have fun at your wedding
where's your ring let's see dad she's a
wife now critical part of the entire
process
you want me to slip these simmer
together so that all the flavors kind of
swim out into the butter it's gonna give
you a really
Staffing wait are we back home what huh
whoa get it though get it get it get it
get it good girl
so you're trying to save the cake the
newlyweds over here are also trying to
help the other newlyweds on how to save
cake for a year but you gotta see your
shirt okay show the show okay do you
wanna yeah I looked at I was like
sitting there staring out of like
Jessa's SP ironic a bit just a little
bit wait what happened to our app did
you put the app in the freezer all right
so you're gonna eat this in here Oh what
about oh and here's the wedding cake so
we have this wedding cake and then we
got this one that Elena and snake made
oh just Elena
sorry snake snake yeah snake was
emotionally supportive of Elena let me
see your mouth wait doesn't sound so
blue it was blue earlier some people are
really susceptible the blue face really
yeah she was blue a second ago did you
wipe it off did you wipe those teeth off
look you got a moustache refrain from
whatever you're doing
yes
with trippy
for safety
it would be an early
