good morning guys first off just going
to jump right into it we just got
notifications from the RV company that
they will be giving us the RV for two
weeks so the RV trip is now 100% ago
great way to wake up we are doing
something a little bit different today I
don't think we've ever actually done it
together we are playing a game it's
called googly eyes but we are making it
into the adult version which is we're
going to call be beer goggle challenge
beer goggles and you're wondering why
it's blowing is beer goggle challenge
Brooklyn or so come along a virgin and
we have that let me just show you what
you look like I'm still over crawl up
there we got to see now are you trying
to get y becomes beer goggle challengers
a deck of cards here with various things
on them with time section so for
instance this one is objects and on the
other side says an eyeball traffic light
or alarm clock you pick which one that
you want to attempt to draw and then
next was 15 30 or 45 which is like the
time train that takes you and then both
while you how much time is drawn
I brought agains it right and I win she
has to roll the dice and however long
the defense she has to drink so anywhere
from two to five Mississippi's which is
sex essentially is four to ten seconds
right Mississippi cheers game trial the
team Allie
I needs me care to join me here we go
no I think me sad annoying guy room for
myself oh you can all right ready
you got five four oh okay so I mean I go
first or you studied it first I'll go
first okay
whoever gets to seven first guessing it
right are special only I didn't ogle
mean notepad know before Kieffer
notebook poor keeper food your nose
looks so big you look like a snapchat
filter through these right now actually
really funny come down out pick
blindfolded oh my god
want this one good luck
he's gonna sell imagine source another
okay story i mean ii king the solicitude
second i yeah
so i needs our rule so you guys can see
first person what's happening
15 seconds on the clock right I go
through the different go simple Harry
Potter
yep good I don't know what that was
that's all this I was going to make I
was going to try to draw a hat but he
does member okay so wait how does this
or simply guessed it right
did you guys are you all know that means
yeah you're doing it off so wait since I
guess I just I don't know we don't know
the rules we recognize as we go I didn't
get yours you've technically failed yes
so then I drink so then yeah you don't
think I know ya know my voice is already
really loud and then I just like two
totally different obstacles there's a
little bit good okay you look like a bug
you look like a bug okay okay I got it
all right so did I get point so I got a
point
yeah you got like 30 second one to
routine t-shirt
she's your cannon get that guy a shirt
dollar prize money happy big is what is
that good man that's super area and that
the case in the way what is this well
yeah I couldn't find this shirt a
mushroom alright I kinda messed up but
no it was Superman
alright so I have to roll camera
specific one big to be to be to be
believe is important to be fair you go
for Mississippi okay so I fell out I
walk along till chill chill I can't see
just for grabbing hands can't see oh my
gosh okay look look
Oh lovely it really didn't see idiot so
that's what the fastest 30 seconds
good go so now I'll turn the drugs so
these are the foot that's a toenail that
was me trying to draw the flap Antonio
that's a tongue ever go all right try
roll your dice because there's no way in
hell I was going to get that I know your
date 380 seconds three Mississippi
okay I feel he got where the beer
bottles in me do it hey pretty I think
that was a very autumn over the wall
this is fun we took a kick game and we
made it very weird I want to see it get
it otherwise I thought okay guys Vic you
can show me yes that's showing me okay
got it
yes a fish a submarine for sure a whale
yeah good job good job for me really
ugly but it's a whale so I get a point
very good point
you're all right so BA crown castle yeah
Castle yep it's not a sand castle no to
the castle Paul did it good kind of this
old goggle keep coming
ah or here hey puffs of smoke
kebab cotton candy barbecue is porn yeah
really good nice eat corn on the cob
plate you got Idol okay cop corn
Gosselin comedy cop cop the way you
gather regularly I think we need the
upper game right now
cheers to the freakin weekend because
out of it
yeah yeah can't pieces laughing anyways
Lionel's going
yeah a lot back give me a box the back
broken eggs baby
okay let's spider no there's a fire
feeding of fat picnic baby on the bag ah
what spot well that's my thing Cooper
Leslie there's a baby okay see what I
was going to do with the gay a lunchbox
and then you know there's always a photo
on it
this was supposed to be it's in your
shop red no this is like I just read
first two types of bread this is the
sandwich but and this was supposed to be
the clock for a lunchtime yeah I'm
getting in that part like you literally
think you're doing right in and all of a
sudden you just like what's going on
three Mississippi four Mississippi this
beer bottles not really hitting me I
don't know if it sees is actually there
they are like I feel really awkward
circle sat-sun triangle circle area but
hot I don't know what this is the cat it
was a diamond ring a diamond has a
diamond that's a diamond ring it's
whatever I hope that no examine ring
would be very care I'm a beautiful home
I couldn't see and then you can go like
this Mississippi very interesting you
know what it's like you're drinking in
your lips first quarter it is a
wonderful you want to look like playa it
looks like a hologram thanks for example
like my hand looks like it doesn't exist
right here like I see it right there but
it looks like I can just go like that
through it like next layer
you're an experienced with beer bottles
no I didn't have okay you're beautiful
that was and that wasn't a beer done 45
seconds on the clock go head an angel
hot football Grim Reaper hunter no ninja
turtle Oh didn't guess that that looks
like a ninja journal yeah that's
actually pretty good time for a break
she actually - are those yours you know
my parenting about you is your is your
wrist I love them so American Pie
Simon Says kid kept it sweater right web
follow home for every pig Charlotte's
well like the famous where's with the
pig the think we look good
do you realize how good your cake
without realizing it's cuz I win French
is five point star sweet if you win this
next one
Claire takes off really yeah I'm gonna
let that happen just technically I won
but I never use a sore loser
it's all more like losing this black one
that are okay if I guess it well you get
two points I get two points and then
we'll be tied and then I love ice cream
ice princess
how does high breakers nice bigger okay
okay
45 seconds on the clock let's go you're
so dramatic
I feel like let's
I know I said I just do if you don't get
this one right or if I don't get this
one I win if a guy's creeper yes it then
I go oh why go oh wait
a hail fun a mountain Sun heart I'll
shoot it through she is I have no idea
see Bart does that not be part know that
I didn't oh my god that is actually
really bad
I'm not gonna lie I was a difficult one
that was a very pretty to look at me it
was real difficult I'm choosing it first
off I just got to say thank you so much
for watching this far into the video
probably apologize here oh wait a second
since you got wrong yes drink hi Jenny
soon back true that I love them I find
the drink like that I was like ah I
don't really notice Cola goat on fish
advocate a free fish the
choo-choo-choo-choo
Hamelin of the aliens base right swim
doing this I didn't know what it was I
thought was good my eyeball never really
loved that look with the aliens
please wear this girl we're the beer
goggle just grow apart
yes that's right I won down up shake it
shake it shake it twist it to the left
since it to the rat put it in your mouth
drink all night down up sure should it
in the left shake me to the right that
is the beer goggles challenge really
over you guys enjoy today's vlog is
definitely or unique fun for us to do a
lot of times you want to see more
challenges like this make sure that you
do let us know in the comment section
down below it's the like button and
subscribe and it is this other thing
that this subscribe subscribe the hats
are out now so go check those out to
Derek Siver's comm links in the
description have a good night have a fun
time make it memorable our burgers I
feel like I just made up a homeless part
you
