morning guys getting ready to gone plane
wait I got to say good morning to Ted it
was Ted Ted
but here's our lobster friend up there
Ted
you're watching Charles Trippy and now
he's speaking trippy because we're the
CTFxC
the Internet Jill TV ah good morning
guys at the airport
heading to or know who's visiting
Orlando Ohio we're gonna be playing a
show I told you yesterday we're playing
a show with a simple plan which is
pretty crazy cuz I grew up listening to
them and Marianas Trench
I think the cab and a couple other
people so we're doing that we're flying
out there coming right at home for
Thanksgiving and then we're gonna have a
giant feast of awesome delicious food
right now I'm exhausted
love's about an hour when I was leaving
Corey was still editing the montage
video which by the way if you have not
seen please go check it out I want to
see if we can give it tot like top
favorited so if you've already seen it
please go to it and it's like favorite
and then we'll see if we get to the
front page I think we can maybe you guys
didn't make it like a trending topic on
Twitter worldwide for like three hours
first class you got a printer first
class and there was nobody next week
only problem is I can't movies so I can
you know I light on so sometimes it's
better to always go back in the way back
I've noticed isn't like you're on a
plane right it's going away that I can't
where the bathrooms are
nobody really wants ever
kind of
was gonna go but really really gonna
hire
you just like flip these things up and
yours fall asleep sometimes it's better
than actually being up at the front just
a travel advice since I kind of I travel
a little bit companies a lot
I'm going to pass out there
and I'll see you
morning fellas no morning boys Coley and
Hunter over there no I haven't slept yet
I still tea on my leg that's how I
started my day get the hemorrhoid on
your leg yep hey what is going on oh no
Cornhuskers yeah remember when we it's
like the free scroll like eight or nine
days ago do you guys remember that the
what day was it doesn't matter but it's
according Danny a Cornhusker right Grim
Reaper looks like the Grim Reaper stick
right great Reaper if I got this sitting
next to one of those people the flight
design ooh excuse me sir you'd probably
buckle up without a net your turn off
your cell phone because we get ready to
dog Travis is a little cranky this
morning the Grim Reaper would have a
Cornhusker you don't even know that
thing's called a sip dude Google at no
come on dear sick
do you need assistance there sir no I
sorry just an email chain with Danny
right now you'll get it it's a hit the
game is who can kind of like ridicule
each other with the longest list of CC
oh yeah right the exercise would was
that those be spokes
I guess those would be feet no
speedometer I'm sure maybe caps out of
30 which is like good luck I know right
Oh rims right it's it rims on a car and
then yeah it's raining I'm a rapper I
use wooden rims the recalls okay it's
wet to temporary home sweet home do the
flames make it go faster you think yeah
all right maybe keeps you warmer okay
yeah snick Wow look the birds are still
here oh we got a new addition
this feels like oh my god it's actually
feels like the movie saw this is a
bathroom
I think our wait okay look at this okay
man we've been playing all I get that's
like Lincoln
that's totally like Lincoln you didn't
play a lot of cool theaters lately LA
this one-take old-school
so Cory is still my house with Ali
Christina and Eric and they're all
trying to basically figure out the
perfect thumbnail and title for the
montage video from the wedding as you
can see we have like a million and one
different like thumbnail ideas and we've
been goofing around trying to figure out
which one looks better this was one idea
that was another idea and this is one we
chose it's not so funny cuz like with
YouTube videos like you have to have a
really awesome thumbnail you know what I
mean it has to represent the video and I
feel like we did good job don't you
think it's just like a giant process so
Ali and I are going back and forth back
and forth thank God we have their
iPhones now that we can actually do this
really super fast oh actually oh I see
some there's simple plans tour bus
that's and that as flames make it go
faster oh yeah like serious cabin fever
I've been in this bus the time is it now
like no it's just about to be soundcheck
like 3:15 right now I got only six hours
it has been completely miserable raining
and just keeping us stuck in here it's
like Oh crazy
I keep other what I keep doing is like I
can't do it now cos they're all sleeping
I keep opening their doors all both over
but I just keep running back and forth
back and forth to get some exercise I'm
going to get like serious cabin fever as
you can tell I had coffee too don't get
it I bought that coffee now really okay
I'm gonna go check out the theater faint
I'm reading all these comments that you
guys are posting on our wedding video
like you you guys just don't understand
like we it means the world to us
obviously that we got married finally
we've been engaged for so long and you
know we've been waiting for this for our
whole lives but like you guys are making
this day a hundred times more
spectacular like you make it so much
more special like seeing and feeling the
love I mean we we really really really
just feel like you guys are a huge
family like you guys are just part of
our family and I'm just I'm like I'm
getting so choked up reading the
comments I've never seen so many like
guys crying like like man tears people
keep commenting that they're dudes and
they're crying and it's really really
funny
really I actually got to watch it all
the way through I kind of took a break
and right back to it yeah maybe I was
just emotionally player Oh Littlefoot
Klimt it's it's as much for you guys as
it is for us it really is this was so we
were so adamant about getting a really
really really good team of people
together to shoot this because we knew
that it would mean as much to you as it
meant to us and we really we just want
to share our lives with you we really do
and you guys made all this possible
without you we wouldn't have done any of
this so thank you guys so much for
watching and for sticking with us we
love you we just love you thank you
ready thanks get look at these Bob those
are simple plans right those are like
gorgeous and it's all I just imagine
like traveling with that though you
would literally have to have like bubble
wrap everywhere to make sure not like no
dirt ran like little like a little kid
wow wow wow it's on wow wow wow we just
wrote it man oh wow this is the first
time have actually played the bass with
the ring in the ring really awkward I'm
not used to it I guess I'll have to get
used to that right all right yeah I got
it
kind of spins it around cool coolly how
do you do it man how do you do it
I feel good
I took some dayquil and for some reason
every time I take good bake of dayquil
or nightclub especially they call it
like makes me feel like when are you on
like makes me really lightheaded I think
we have to play a little bit so I'm
probably going to pass out for just a
little bit back here and then maybe I
don't know hopefully I don't like pass
out on stage then we have like a 5 a.m.
flight holy Hunter and myself I'm like a
5 a.m.
like flight tomorrow didn't even know
they had flights like I guess
Thanksgiving something
while she looks
ecstatic you like it maybe she thinks
it's you oh no oh yeah Showtime
you ready the show is time
it's true it really is actually it
actually is time really a 45 minutes you
guys ready for some Yoshi vision it's
all you buddy
Yoshi a measured
all right Yoshi vision off Oh tell you
um I want to give a shout out to Julia
all the way in England because you're
amazing how about you I would say hi to
her but you see her give a shout out to
my friends Travis and Hunter and Charles
and and Kohli and all my friends oh wait
we go to your nails CTFxC sprays let me
go man hi there Zoe Marley now CTFxC
that's pretty cool while you do that
Danny you can't really tell that's what
it is where you came to be looking oh
nice cool my brother and Yuki are trying
to learn a kpop dance and they did a
really good job but now we're having
them do it on their stomachs on the
ground go
there's so weird
Yuki knows it
it's always like what the hell is
happening
Zoe
fuck
no don't mommy size
for all you see Teaneck seniors who have
the iPhone app this is the guy
responsible this is Bob right here geek
utils what is that it's an acute ails
retails again now he's actually okay
he's making one for we the case he also
did a bunch of other ones but he's the
iPhone a CTFxC one okay
he helped us with the April Fool's one
member the little like I'm a snake you
know I was gonna do one like that for
your wedding but I couldn't get it done
in time I was going to do the wedding
work that would have scared me I had my
phone in my pocket
Natalie would have got so mad because it
wasn't on silent to look away no one
called so I just want to wake Jennifer
right hi movie in ensue okay it's a
family affair
no I there's a significant secret back
there and one of the way
yeah anyway so hi
this is crucial where's this Phil line
do I go to where it's the fill out or do
I go above the fill line you always go
above the fill line a bomb No
that's a fill overall there it is yeah
you got it you got it
say two words you kids new ATVs you keep
Kohli from eating the chips and
we're trying to do yeah and then my
Billy came on I was gonna do billion and
use a killer move like Paulo to but just
gonna get Billy seriously that that hurt
well time to go home
bridges got here now we have to go back
but yeah we'll be there by Friday we're
gonna be in Joosten I think right don't
see snake oh it's gonna be a delirious
tonight
whoa oh man Sarkar sweet amazing now
we'd go home right we were in cantaloupe
drove right by the Hall of Fame well we
decided not to go to the what is this
thing over here we decided not to go to
the hotel and we're just gonna kind of
hang out in the airport and said oh it's
a sanitizer what what you guys ready for
some Airport camping
dude that's a sanitizer right there
we can't live there we could live there
all they got in the nice chairs live in
the carpeted area probably a carpeted
area yeah it'd be warmer this is
probably the smartest thing we did
though looking for airport real estate
wait
it's very vague they got mansions right
there next couple of hours I'll get some
literature you're getting read about uh
Canton
we do some bowling this is a team effort
right here
the ghosts so good night guys so
delirious right now I feel like I should
he'd take my shoes off it's just like
make yourself at home
did you guys tell we're tired all right
guys it's been a long night I'll see you
guys tomorrow what we're here all right
can I guys don't forget to check out the
wedding montage video if you have it
it's gonna be at the end of this and the
video description below so we'll check
it out
with tripping
don't forget
