good morning this is trippy you're
watching Charles Trippy and owies trippy
where the CTFxC internet TV sup sup brah
sup sup sup sup I got all the flowers
stopped flower case move okay now I got
everyone oh it just seems this little
mess with Christine who caught your
bouquet oh I didn't know he I didn't
know Lindsay Carter Farrell I missed it
you were so like you really I was like a
ninja
after the cake-cutting she just ran up
there anyway so yeah day after the
wedding it's kind of all ago there's
flowers everywhere it's kind of crazy
because we've had that over how they're
all geez if looks like freaking cabbage
patch over here yeah we for two years
we've been planning for the wedding and
I feel like it just went off perfectly
it was gorgeous everyone was having fun
everyone was dancing it was just it was
a giant party which is what a wedding I
feel like should be it shouldn't be like
you know like a very like stuffy kind of
thing you know I mean any wedding I've
ever gone to have all my friends they've
always had parties you only I feel like
that's what we did our wedding planner
Cortney she was awesome
even though I'm sometimes very sarcastic
she knew and she still did a very good
job
so we up there's Cory hi Cory I was like
who's sitting on my porch right now just
hanging out day after the wedding so now
we're just kind of like recovering
because tomorrow I have to fly out play
a show in Ohio
come back for Thanksgiving and then I'm
back here so it'll be nice but we kind
of take him to the easy today which I
feel is definitely ok considering
yesterday's vlog was 30 minutes and then
the wedding montage video if you haven't
seen that links in the video description
I always like you like my hat my Bieber
hat
oh wow that's way too fun that was like
Marley thing I go Mary doesn't mean you
can just I put cameras my face fun huh
it's magic fiery of course Marley goes
were the giant bass cabinet is because
she loves subwoofer
she loves space no it was just testing
the acoustics of the house other side of
the house you can't even hear this base
it's pretty thick so my mom is cooking
right now cooking wait no let me erase
that and just start over my mom is
eating right now I'm kind of cooking
something that's why I'm confused anyhow
so we don't have any clean bowls cuz I
ain't cleaning everything all day what
are you using the brain the brain is
using the brain dr. zombies and doctors
all day everybody's tired okay so I'm
changing my facebook status to married
right now Charles quit blowing your nose
I'm changing I have to change my name
now which is what brings us together
today I just discovered last night that
my fiancee now husband of three years
that money for my now husband three
years I don't know
dance Wyatt dance I'll be a witness
pom pom baby soon one more traumatic
that it is if I do this
all right Oprah
Charles is now married to Oprah ah what
is that noise like a bird to Charles
Trippy waiting confirmation now you have
two dares to click it I have to compare
but I'm not married to Ally's speed
Who am I married to confirming them an
alternative loses out it doesn't
automatically I think who's this Alice B
character huh and is it official if it's
Facebook official no I have to legally
change my baby and people you may know
Travis you sure that's not that rock
candy
are you just holding her rock candy
she's it
that's just
it's pouring rain but it's like
beautiful Marla's been wandering around
the periphery of the house without
setting one paw into the rain here's the
remainder of our cake and it's like an
80 pound tear of cake it is solid like
this ring it's really really really
heavy you could injure someone if you
drop that on there but it would probably
break their toe so I'm gonna just go
ahead and break this open and have some
because it is delicious this lounge in
there why I think Zoey killed TV just
watch her for like hours you enjoying
your honeymoon Ali yeah we the sciences
we we travel so much that we were just
gonna have what is it call it staycation
I think's the proper things so we're
just having dinner hi hi Gina
we're just having dinner with everybody
I know everyone had to leave in the
morning I have no idea no idea how they
made it no idea I don't know you made it
back to the house making Jessi do the
cookie dance
things like that oh I got cookies to go
down you know everyone's always in LA
and stuff like that now they're on my
coast you know cause it's like there's
very few youtubers of the east coast my
blog my iPods I want to go into Charles
Darwin vlog his iPods me is private
right I have 500 iPods this is for like
a party house
so we got Corey and everybody's in there
working on the montage video this is
going right in the wedding right there
no I have a question for you what's that
this one's blue yeah this one's green
yes which one's right I would say this
one's right neither
because we haven't color corrected the
monitor yet or your dick I got more
people in here but everyone's over here
now
hey that's foul abuse I won't have it
I won't have it look I'm just counting
everybody there's more people in here
okay
oh there's somebody there editing
hanging out
hi I'm just trying to count how many
people are in this house at once I think
we're like 27 people right now 27 sees
about right yeah 27 people I think 28
and she she might be bringing like 25
people so oh it's a party she's jam
people in here so welcome to my
honeymoon I'm gonna break it down hey
sure
oh you're making food at all 30 garlic
broccoli do this cook you just click
your bouquet yeah you cooked your
bouquet that was a great idea Jesse if
you counted how much money they owe
which was yours the white one fake
mine's the only white one no there's
another one right there
we all saw some white one well set the
white iPhone
no one's speaking up you have an iPhone
there we go see not girlie Jesse's the
manliest one here yeah
the bailius ones you know why cuz I had
that one right so we're gonna see the
video everyone gather round
Ryan oh nice
what is this
that is Oh it's style right there dance
style class exactly
that was really good really amazing all
the five cameramen and the fine fine
editor right here that's all I get to
see crying huh are you crying over there
all right so last night we had our
yesterday's vlog we had a little bit of
a hiccup
because I don't know maybe just because
Corey and his team were editing six
hours of footage with us six hours of
footage so yeah and trying to turn it
around in 24 hours so today the wedding
montage is live links down there you'll
see at the end I just want to show you
kind of what he's doing he's basically
when you guys watch this you have to
appreciate all the work he's doing it's
color correcting every pretty much every
frame yeah and making sure everything
looks good you want every single shot to
be color corrected I mean if you turned
the color correction off it still looks
pretty good you later' it was amazing
yeah if you know anything about being a
perfectionist you do because you watch
these vlogs and Ali is one this is
another perfectionist right here I just
want it to look it's best exact because
I find what you do once you put it up
it's on it's stuck it's stuck forever
forever yeah when you look back at it
you don't want to see that one flaw it's
like if only I had spent ten minutes
yeah exactly
um this is just that exactly oh yeah
yeah exactly
you guys can why he's gonna actually
he's we have to change his flight he's
actually sacrificing his entire team
just went back to Canada he's stuck in
America right now
and you have to go check out Cory I'll
put all his information down there you
have you have to go check out Cory and
subscribe tell him thank you not only
did he fly down here and pretty much do
this for free spends time he's now
trapped in America so it's our wedding
gift to you yes it's our wedding gift
receiving it let's go check out Cory
after you go check out the montage go
check it out we also make daily vlogs as
a company so there's about ten of us who
full-time make youtube videos and we put
up a video every day of us making other
people's videos like yours yeah and you
see behind the scenes of production and
stuff like that you got stuff for the
vlogbrothers and wheezy waiter and
special secret surprise coming out yeah
yeah there's a we have a big client that
they happen to own YouTube yeah and
we're making any guesses a number of
videos for them very soon so you have to
go check it out I'll put all the
information down there and he's gonna go
back to work yeah you know and then I
have to get on a flight in three hours
so yeah go check out the montage video
all right guys well I am trying to pack
a couple things right now got a play
show tomorrow in Ohio with simple paint
us a civil pan a simple plan and
Marianas Trench and I think the cab is
gonna be really awesome if you guys
don't know that Marianas Trench they're
really really really amazing vocals so
we're gonna fly out there fly back home
for Thanksgiving there wasn't come but
she decided she wanted us to kind of
hang out and just kind of get the house
together and stuff so I'm gonna get some
sleep because I have to wake up and make
three hours and go yes the wedding
montage is live links in the video
description below and you can check at
the end so go check it out so
youtube.com/scishow strippy goodnight
guys
go show some love and go show Corey and
his entire team to love to all their
stuffs on there because they really
honestly deserve it
that was it was so genuinely nice of
them to come out there so please CTFxC
go check them out and enjoy the work
alright guys good night uh here it is
guys the wedding montage video right
here you can click right here go check
it out youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
or links in description but you can
click the link on the video and go check
it out it's it's so cool it was so it's
just awesome it looks like a movie and I
hope you guys like it and it's all
friends and yeah showed some serious
love because you know a lot of lot of
work went into this video and I truly
appreciate all of it so hope you guys
enjoy it thank you guys for
understanding and I'll see you guys
tomorrow go check it out good night
with trippy and alley
we're
