Airport time I didn't home for a couple
days
do you know get married and all that
stuff you know just just getting married
no big deal right
I have a 30 minutes to go through
security and to the gate made it oh it's
a women hi girls
get up way better than my air mattress
time to wait this is gonna be way better
in Sarasota and guess who was on my
plane
Ali's aunt yeah it was like so random
because I barely ever fly AirTrain and
then all of a sudden she walks right in
front of me and just stares and I'm like
complaint how does this happening like
where am I gonna do my tradition hold on
I'm sorry hey guys we got a bump it
ready there we go see you next time
oh yeah just landed and there is a giant
smudge on the lens but I will clean that
later because my hands are full
what do we got to do today okay so the
wedding is and Thursday Friday Saturday
Sunday three days we have a bunch of
people coming to the house we have to
get that taken care of and then maybe
I'll get to sleep maybe I'll factor that
in but it no sleep till the wedding
I don't mean to alarm you but I think it
goes to playing the piano
sup Ted
dog why can't you just do anything
normal
oh my gosh Marley Marley get out from
under that we're actually on our way to
pick up Charles right now I'm very very
excited and it turns out that my aunt is
on the exact same flight in from Atlanta
that Charlotte is so I'll be picking up
both of them so maybe I'll leave one of
them there hi I'm are they hi Allie
there's nothing going Joey hi hi my
goofball you want some coca-cola or
something that was that was proc placing
right there
hey you wanna see Ali's her gangsta
these are her gangsta pants like those
gangster pants ATL she's I haven't
paying attention she's focusing she's
focusing it takes four of us good did
she crash did you crash what good one
come on so you can't do that again it
crashed I know there was something okay
well I crashed how is that your bed now
oh is this yours
are you trying to Ally's trying to
figure out wedding music right now is
this for the entry and she's trying to
figure out these do what this is the
other one I don't know what they're
saying pants are distracted what is it
one no just go for the back one two
three now this would go back secret
phrase should be Ali's pantsing gangsta
pants are gangster how they slip please
don't kick me we're just kind of hanging
out right now enjoying it good day Zoe
and the wind flaps will go up any minute
Oh real man yeah I think you're gonna
get your butt kicked here oh my god
that's why you do like this really
that's the common law guys when you
dance they don't go up here unless
you're waving them like you just don't
care then you could do it I guess
oh man this oh there we go
these are cool these are exactly what I
was talking about that's the level I
think those would be kind of cool
no there we go get does but that's
interesting
fine
yes wait what measurements so many
options so many options what do you guys
think - you guys you know those like
things are slowed are usually plastic
like white plastic then they slide back
and forth I didn't want to do that I
thought like something like wood would
look kind cool what do you think right
here I like those too
what about these same thing I actually
figured something out that was actually
good sweet let's get a kegerator fill it
with a root beer what is this
is anyone else having this as their new
YouTube okay how do I log in
I'm sorry did I wake you up
I just like helping of an idiot I am I
just dragged my whole family to Publix
to get food to make dinner tonight and
you can't really have a pizza without
cheese and I did not get any cheese so
here I am I'm frazzled it's been about a
week since Modern Warfare came out and
look at this pathetic right it's still
in the saran wrap
God okay I bought it because I wanted to
basically I wanted to totally beat
everybody on the bus
totally hone them well my first person
shooter skills there's like the only
video game I can actually ever play is
like mono more fair and right half life
but alas all we have is a PlayStation 3
so still not open so you know what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna take a little break
for a couple hours so with your
permission guys I'm gonna take a moment
and hone some noobs it'll feel like a
cut or a second for you guys don't worry
about it
well yeah you could probably figure out
the last time I turned my xbox on its
gonna work down board oh and I just
realized I don't have to turn it down at
all
turn it up louder
hi that's too loud they said they can
outfit bacon outfit I mean thinking
nothing it sound like said bacon not not
the food
well it's weird related but are you have
your sunglasses on
oh no I'm wearing everything in the
house just grab things put it on the
pass you're wearing your precious
gangster pants
with trippy
you
