good morning everyone
it looks like yep
we're in Detroit Hales going that's one
of the Demi's uh crew bus I guess she's
got two semis kind of a big deal pretty
awesome actually it's gonna be the
biggest show I probably really haven't
ever been a part of wasn't the last show
we played in Detroit am I still talking
just roll the intro
I know I'm the guy who rolls the intro
nobody else does Wow wait how do I get
out of here I walk around see what's
ahead Detroit is so beat up yeah let's
call Alli I haven't been able to do
anything like with Skype or FaceTime
because the internet on the bus has been
really bad by the way you guys have to
give major major thanks to Alli because
these vlogs would not be at all on time
ever with the bus Internet what I have
to do is I have to export overnight wake
up in the bill and I spend like 10 hours
uploading it to Ali so it'll be on time
so make sure to say thank you and she's
totally rocking it right now I'll try
calling her without a fog machine or is
that just Detroit air that's Foo
Fighters stuff
let's put it off right there are we
opening up for Foo Fighters I know
that's really cool too Demi stuff wow
this is a gorgeous theater dude this is
a gorgeous theater
hold it look it up there so many
signatures you recognize
anyone's anyone's yet
Wow Rugrats they really picked a good
venue and we're gonna be playing here
hey say hi
I'm just showing Ally the theater she's
so what are you been doing then taking
her birds I know I come home tomorrow
yes and that I love you I want to go get
ready but any Tigers fans out there I
just made friends with the security guy
working in the back door and I was like
yeah I'm just gonna walk around and the
first thing you look me in the eyes it
goes be super careful out there what
maybe my adventure of Detroit will just
be walking around to the front of the
marquee that's the front of Fox Theater
it's really cool bunny Detroit really
does have some really awesome like
structure like for example you can see
over here you see this church cathedral
right in front of the stadium but what's
really kind of weird it's like how all
the buildings or a lot of the buildings
are kind of you know a band
well doesn't really seem to be anything
around right now
oh good morning Internet what's that a
giant edible bouquet you should probably
be jealous
no that lovely little bouquet of fruit
was from Lindsay and Phil she's so sweet
she sent it to me so I would not be
stressed before the wedding and it was
wonderful because this morning I was
actually super stressed out because I
did not get all the fruit I needed to
make juice and then she sent all that
beautiful fruit so that was amazing
Thank You Lindsay oh I love you now
we're gonna turn to more food items this
is the cutest beer I think I've ever
seen in my entire life I'm sorry like
can you just take a look at how tiny
like look at this tiny little beer in my
tiny compared to your tiny head I don't
know like I feel like okay let me get a
regular-sized beer so I can compare and
let's let's take a look here so this is
a regular-sized beer next to this view
look at like how small the bottle is
it's so cute
check out my healthy meal I'm promising
myself to eat relatively healthy at
least I'm gonna try and fill another
giant burrito like we were just talking
about hits us again I told him that he
should eat eight of those like when you
eat this like the healthy food you end
up eating what like five of them every
single time
eating healthy foods I mean I feel so
healthy let's go you plan cheeseburger
cuz I eat healthy so it's okay councils
about all the buses are starting to come
I guess Debian has like more buses here
already we took by the way we only have
four chairs just we didn't love each
other so much yeah we had poor busses I
feel like if every one of the band
members five buses I've ever been a band
member had its own bus there but on bus
we'd all just like jump into one bus and
then just be empty buses everywhere how
many times would like to say to us
my brother from the airport the first
time you're okay I'm looking for Ted of
the Blowfish I'm not sure where he is
right now everybody swimming that way I
think he usually swims that way so we'll
keep an eye out
man oh there it is wait he's up there
look at him what a champ here he comes
today
here he goes I hope I goes name right
he's name is Ted right and I get Travis
named a lobster I don't
remember what John does poke a little
water in there a bad friend I totally
forget
dude you look sharp face you look sharp
hey happy Union you know but I really
hope my mom doesn't start crying
I bet she will are you crying oh you're
not crying for once absolutely
the answers are just warming up right
now and Travis and I are completely
dumbfounded by the beauty in this place
founded by damn chairs for whatever
their blade musical chairs
and finally the band is complete yeah
everything Skrillex came here from
Alaska everyone's so concerned they're
like where's hunter did you guys leave
oh I've been walking the entire way he
finally got up I haven't seen this drum
set - I was just telling Yoshi how
gorgeous holy crap Galleria
Yoshi has a pretty face right there it's
upside down though okay your pigeons put
on the cymbal alright soundcheck time so
Danny are you gonna walk down and then
start playing drums we didn't show my
catwalk so gotta walk over there and
rest of the band has to climb up from
the crowd onto the stage but I'm gonna
walk out down these stairs out of slow
motion tape that I got oh wind it's
gonna cool yeah there's a fan Travis
decided to lock one of the pigeons in
there just to make the light show a
little bit better I mean I told him was
a bad idea
doesn't want to listen 6:30
yes so man it does
all right so this is okay you have to
make sure to follow all all the way the
Kings because we're going to the rest of
the tour
we're gonna randomly say when we come to
the front and we just did and all these
lovely people came out here we're gonna
call Ally
Casey your face already
we're going around the side yeah we're
gonna go say hi to everybody they're
getting routed there quiet
we got James James James is helping us
right now James is often on his ball
there so we're trying to go say hi but
they keep saying it will get you go this
way and then they keep saying we should
go this way
it's like spinal tap just trying to get
this stage alright guys this is Billy
vision dream on Billy
show yourself this is Billy's first time
blogging he's gonna film the awesomeness
I call it this girl right here so
remember her so security won't let us go
out there so we defying the rules we're
doing it anyway
thank you I don't thank you
because I'm gonna have like a hundred
clips of you and Miley doing something
really weird it's gonna be like my
entire blog collection is like just dot
F and Marly acting completely weird
hello
grad life mansion to Florida mansion and
applauses golf crap you're so weird
okay my god this is your dream house
Yoshi the tire
what was this this is your mailbox let
me know wait a few bushes around why
don't you have an entry to your garage
that's a garage but how does it open
there's no it's re open the door e oh
it's already Oh Clarence the wintertime
side of the fireplace I don't have it
one day oh Sh day one of the tour I
think was a success that was fun I'm so
glad that we had to you know finally get
a Pinot chance and hang out and meet
with everybody and it sucked the reason
why we're doing everything through the
fence was because security wasn't
actually letting us so that's actually
kind of why we were doing everything
but um have you showing us this giant
suitcase no I'm going home tomorrow
going home actually in about four or
five hours what time is it yeah four
hours of head back home so I got a pack
a couple things giant thing but alright
guys I'm gonna go to bed I'll see you
guys tomorrow what is it Thursday like
four days to the wedding to be amazing
I'm looking forward to looking forward
to being home with Ally
and the puppies
but
alright I'll say up get distracted I got
a bet against we'll see you tomorrow
yes
with children
it would be an early
you
