all right it's gonna be good day I guess
except for the harbor's i but just on
the seat no cover on it one time we
don't have a cover on the back of the
seat and then Marley one time oh it's
like the only time so heading to the
tour bus
I got a play with them in Lovato God you
know if your life were any more
difficult but I think you should just
quit
touring is kind of hard but it is fun
hard it's raw hiring it's tiring
exhausting but it's so fun yeah
you'll find out when you start coming
you'll find out oh my god you gotta go
on tour with me the kids would be like
number one fan girl you guys ready for
more touring I think it's Monday baby
how you can have Travis announced on the
blog the special surprise we'll see I'm
not I don't know I'll talk to them go
ahead we're heading there now
Joey whoa whoa nice ears dawg alright so
it begins
you're my little road manager
all right girls morning morn
investigating but they could be bomb
sniffing dogs make sure there's nothing
on the on the bus
make sure those cheez-its but here goes
my eating healthy I don't think it's
gonna be pretty hard to do this on the
road isn't it I wanna have to bring like
lots of lettuce wraps and things yeah
not gonna do that
hey you dogs gonna be good I'll be back
by the time this video is uploaded I'll
pretty much be home so it'll be like
it's like quick and then then the
wedding then I gotta prepare cuz then we
got the rehearsal dinner then we have
the rehearsal right yeah yes you son
okay you guys Kelly got it she's been
doing these videos for how many years
now tell her to stop being so
self-conscious I'm gonna ask that Matt
I'm gonna ask him love you be back by
the wedding be good where's the other
one oh you go ahead love you guys and
this is we're gonna be sleeping
I gotta call my boss which one's gonna
be mine I guess this one this could be
mine mid funk so this could be my home
away from home for the next couple days
this snake yo sup snake living the dream
do you check this out yeah I'm scared
it's an ejection seat
what is that buddy see I think I'm
sitting in the bloody scene and then if
you hit it you just fly out see the
attention to details over there coming
in there now what's the number one rule
on the bus no on the bus you go to space
we can go underwater but they still have
they don't have the technology to allow
you to poop on a bus you know what the
best thing is and that will they do they
have this thing called the grinder and
and it essentially grinds up the tube
and it's just such a disgusting thing to
think about like like whenever you grind
out the poop it's not leaving it's still
there somewhere in the bus like God
forbid something happened to where it
breaks it we're obviously bingley hands
right there no actually you should show
them this this is this is nothing me
crowd plummet we have we have the bad
bunks Wow
let's double hi we got the crew bums
more like comments but next time we get
a bus when we have like one less
remember they're gonna have
wait have you announced what's happening
there in April March announced that
Monday Monday
it says Monday wait today's Monday first
month I thought Sunday this of it what's
the thing taste what is today
there's Monday there's money yeah we
can't tell anyone
however wanted actually let me go
through the Portugal Spain France Italy
Germany Austria Switzerland
colonies in Paris yes I will see you in
March
yes I'll put all the tour dates down
there the little link down there but
yeah we just got it confirmed right
phase Monday skewed alright oh man do
you know that
so yeah that's very good because we're
asking and yeah we're coming it was with
simple plan right oh yeah that's the big
thing
yeah we're a direct supporting someone I
do
there you go but all the tour dates down
there so everyone over in Europe make
sure they come
actually they just told me that these
are bunks these big ones I just gonna
show you this this is what's so awesome
I got my own plug I got I guess this is
her other auxiliary things is this Mary
that's my spy air conditioning vent well
tonight my other one this is my light so
I can just turn that on so I don't need
this anymore
I guess this is a TV how does this work
oh it's a full of DVD player that's
pretty cool this is kind of cool
Wow and then when Ali comes out on to
work I guess we're both at the fitting
here
all right let's test our internet here
no actually it's faster than most hotels
but it could be worse
but I think we can do it I think I can't
do a bed test in here I think I'd kill
myself
so the firehouse guy is installing the
Internet alleys now at the house make
sure installs it and he keeps
pocket-dialing me these pocket-dialed me
11 times 11 times I can't show you guys
the number but we keep it going right
now so we're at 11
so every time he calls we're just gonna
see the counter go up oh no low water
water work we'll make it
we got two days right oh we had a little
bit of a water issue I was just talking
to him apparently this is never happened
before
thanks for an interesting trip right
like holy said we're sinking hi why
should I go inside it's pretty dangerous
all right bus update we're waiting I
guess they have to try to I don't know
something with the engine
we from Nashville or something I don't
know if I have to sit on a new bus from
you we're only like an hour into the
trip it's gonna be a long tour but we're
just above Tampa right now so just above
home gotta get out the way truck stops
we'll see it what if we can buy the
flying kids I'm guaranteeing there's
gonna be animal like alligator claws in
Australia the head kangaroo balls okay
oh yeah you beat my story that's cool
yeah I don't really have toys sections
here do that - for tensor hats we can
get another dad hat nice
I'll grab a little sidekick that's a
good one oh dude Travis that was close I
am one realist that this was probably
night
this is ignore these might be in the
hell against that you get the puppet
golf things we're just a few Gators it's
like did we recycle all right totally
called it
you know what's this one oh it's like
okay an adult oh there that's a real big
Gator right there we have one these I
like hey Aunt Susan last night you don't
even have to like cut them yourself
anymore
really quick I want to reassure you guys
yes so I'm leaving now but don't worry
I'm gonna be back in time plenty of time
for the wedding it's not gonna be like a
hangover type of thing actually I come
back on like Wednesday Thursday and then
I'm home for the rehearsal and all that
stuff and then we don't leave again
until 22nd which I think Ally if she
wants to who's going to come out too so
don't worry I'll be there with plenty of
time not gonna miss my own wedding but
Ally wanted me to go for at least this
one show in Detroit which is funny
because that's where we just play - so
just wanted to let you guys know just be
reassured still are waiting for a part
oh by the way this is Duncan you're
gonna see him a lot okay I figured I'd
like do a formal introduction just
because you're gonna see him in the
background I know you guys are just
gonna have install we're in Tampa where
people are just going international yeah
there we go all right we're just gonna
ask her how much she's gonna cost drive
to Detroit and back
2750 Price is Right rules buzzers going
down buzzes going down okay are you
gonna do the one when will you dunk it
3,500 all right Danny what's yours you
can't take a dollar
oh ma click ass patient
oh he's pretty absurd we're asking we
got Danny Duncan
we got Duncan and our drivers name is
Danny
Travis trippy in Charles Clark so it's
it's true we switched just because
easier T&C see Charles Clark see see
it's like a literation right right trans
trippy Charles Clark yeah we we should
have every percent treat you your dad
and sister for my challenge you we're
just gonna make our own miniature golf
course and dicks Danny what would you
say par 7 par 3 run over there all the
way over there
par 3 see if you can do it
you're good oh you want to go yeah yeah
oh you're fine you're fine
Wow that's looking good
oh my god and is it a par 3 I think
you're gonna get it
there we go for the eagle otherwise we
have to do this again we start off with
a bra sports bras round UF raped by
Duncan and then to the hole we can't
play anymore not on tile not on tile
what is this carpet right there what
this chip shot it to the next one please
do they sell spray paint here we just
need spray painting fingers getting the
rough over there
keeping the brain active there Travis
yes sir
there's funny things about the word
search they always polite like this
words not in it but truth so that you
learn to always just want to show you
this everyone on the phone I was there I
was there come on you guys family dinner
all right
family dinner put the phones away
welcome to be the king before a homeless
guy like Whittle that himself oh no it
could be Oh harder oh she's gonna pan
out just to see how the struggle trying
to save the world you guys doesn't work
now that's for X right dudes it's like a
skirt no hard you're a medium I was so
much across New Jersey what are you guys
thinking of this I feel like going up up
north this is actually really nice right
there's a full shot so we have good news
I don't know if you guys can actually
hear but the bus is actually running you
just saw just editing
if
let's play sweet
of what so it's not that fancy HD over
there
there's snake sub snake
and make sure the bus is moving up get
promoted
bus is moving don't jinx it again yeah I
know right the second I did that I
forgot about something so we're just
working on a couple songs right now I
think I'm gonna over yeah
Star Trek
live long apart prosper
man
I guess I'll see you guys tomorrow oh
look at my little hobbit hole okay I'll
see you guys tomorrow
yeah it's gonna be an exciting week
getting married in six days five days
Sunday
yes
yes
with trippy
to be an early
