and time for a haircut this is a crucial
haircut
this is the last hair could I get before
the wedding so whatever happens here is
what I'm getting married in I don't
think she wants you maybe have I asked
before the mohawk or something like that
why'd your Liberty spikes would that be
okay do you think or a mohawk don't mess
up Phaedra I told you that chunk just
take take your clippers and there's no
chunk it in the bathroom suppose where
I've not seen jolly rancher the first
time since I wasn't well that's an
amazing memory that you have there no
things a lot of Jolly Ranchers like
they're really awesome until you get the
part to look like hey like it's sticky
it's like it won't stick nice
oh yeah you you just receive way more
information about Jolly Ranchers than
you anticipated right you guys all know
though it's not like we're crazy like
you know we're talking about like one
cabbie French when you eat Cap'n Crunch
in the roof your mouth it's like sliced
open all right you got to let it sit for
a minute and get soft just screws and
bolts
it's I have to get this on film Ali and
I just bet a 30-minute back massage 30
minutes
you should have it a back massage no way
Jose creep out of your gear out of here
I said a 30-minute back massage anyway
the bet is that this road that we are
driving on she thinks it's Kennedy
Yankee hawk by IKEA in Tampa I think
it's gonna be 60 / Adamo drive 60 down
by us it's West Brandon Boulevard
and then it's Adamo here and then it's
Kennedy here and saying Kennedy bye-bye
I can't I basically want to film this
just so we have record of it when I win
just what I wear I'm wrong that I'm
wrong you realizing you're wrong down by
the airport whatever no no words really
yeah no I'm gonna win I know it was our
Swedish friends I see no Kennedy Kennedy
string leader Bulldogs have to go up to
the light okay okay I'll go through life
both to the light I think that says
Adamo drive can't I've ever in the turn
lane oh wait no I'm not so do you want
to join a reseed where's your concession
speech come on
where is it my fellow Americans I have
made mistake here today with the choice
of roads I'm doing a combination of like
Clinton and Bush I don't know this may
as well just switch - on Conrad's I
don't know what I'm doing any person I
can think of with a cool voice
we go random that is it's a running hot
dog man second toilet yeah
the third toilet oh I want that what do
you think Internet something like this
maybe for the TV and stuff boobs boobs
IKEA boobs or this one do you like this
one more why she's in charge
I want that we have how many people how
many people are staying for the wedding
we got Olga Jess Jesse and Jeana
Christine and Eric all staying in the
house so we have to like get the bed and
a bunch of air mattresses it's gotta
work can you see where everyone's been
grabbing on he's Lee black all the way
through it that's way too girly back me
up Internet way too girly look I just
did this exact same thing that movie go
cut my hand off and burn it alright this
is the reason why we're here
oh I think we should just get this
please tell me those aren't real it's a
giant cow skin rug yeah that'd be really
ironic but kinda messed up this is so
this is the setup we're thinking maybe
with this with the entryway with the the
lights this is really gonna funky stupid
we couldn't line this up like the entire
wall as well it would just be like some
sort of psychedelic thing
I think it would be kind of tacky to get
to I don't know that like the etiquette
it's whatever we wanted right Alice says
no to that I think that's cool
reminds me of Bill Cosby do your best
Cosby all I can think of right now is in
josie and the pussycats when it's oh my
god boy cool story bro one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
taking longer than I want yeah it's
little kids be back I'm filming I have
to film this don't hit anybody
especially little kids wow it is
reminiscent of the Charles red hair this
is way this is way hotter I'm sorry
the proposal is so cute thank you all
right let's take bets on whether or not
this rug falls out or not I think you
got it
all right so maybe this is not fingers
crossed with Austin Powers
well it looks like we're still good now
that we're pretty much kind of moved in
we've still got a bunch of stuff to do
and since we've been traveling so much I
I really want to make like home cookin
you know because we wouldn't like junk
food so crappy and on Monday we leave
for the whole Demi Lovato tour we start
that so bottom line is I'm not gonna be
able to have like a home-cooked meal for
a while and then oh I can't technically
tell you guys this Monday I have a
really awesome announcement of some more
tour dates and you guys are gonna be
really really happy with it so she's
trying to figure out what to make and
look at this is so random this is maybe
what you carrots and coconut water
leaves haven't been able to cook in so
long I forgot I would cook like this
Publix is completely it's a like
backward and the other one so I'm going
over there for the deli and it's over
here and stuff I know I sound like an
idiot
I know they've been cleaning up the
aftermath show the aftermath for
everything it's the rug it's a giant
huge rug I think actually I think it
looks better what do you guys think
yours are pretty much gonna be
decorating our house with us what do you
guys think you like it I think it's
definitely not as echoey
you know what I mean yeah they're little
dog toys everywhere ready for this this
is the aftermath of how many people do
we have like 10 people beer a beer pong
flip cup just all-around awesome
housewarming party and in the sink
responsible we support you drink water
us I know which is actually kind of
dangerous did you know that drinking
lots of water yeah but look at this this
is how responsible we are we don't just
like throw beer bottles everywhere so in
the sink so it doesn't break although
last night though I thought this random
beer I was with my dad found his random
beer I was like we should just try this
that was talked about all night I was
like
like this rare beer that I just stumbled
upon I want to grab it and because this
thing is kind of it's kind of a heavy
door somebody or something knocked it
and hit my elbow shattered everywhere
all right here's a photo of the
aftermath here's here's this what
happened
I never I never I christen the house at
christened our house that was good what
you guys doing hanging out watching
Simpsons that's right that's right those
my dogs what are you doing are you just
waiting for yeah he waiting for Ali to
get home
remembering yesterday's vlog I was
showing you guys all my iPods and stuff
I I panned over this one this is the old
Nano the first generation Nano and
somebody sent me a link on Twitter
apparently Apple just now acknowledged
the battery issue with this they're
sending me a new one a new old iPod Nano
I just anybody who has the old one just
like google it iPod Nano replacement
warranty or whatever I don't know it's
random right it's like what 2006 so it's
like five six years later random it's
typical Apple though you know I
acknowledge something like five years
later that nobody even has the products
except really super nerds is that really
nerdy if I got nerdy I don't think I am
we got some fresh chicken some onions
fresh jalapenos some lettuce shabbat
Chikara to bottle bread just this bread
a little bit of Caesar dressing
you press it deliciousness I feel like
this is a good first meal feel like this
is a good first meal considering
everything else is still packed food
really like some of that please
wait
beauty with child trippy
with tertiary
you
