what is today's date for this Friday
November 11 11 11 11 once-in-a-lifetime
okay
that's our house we're getting the alarm
system all taken care I think I just set
it off our neighbors even I hate us oh
well your child doo doo doo doo doo doo
those are grapefruits you know what day
it is today right we're right this is
epic ridiculous okay so it's 11 11 11
it's once in a lifetime opportunity once
in a lifetime
11 11 11 what does America do they wait
in line at McDonald's for buy one get
one for a penny we had to come down to
learn and Dennis's because the wedding
dress is being delivered it's okay I
just want to see it guys in a box okay
oh you mom's got an iPhone I forgot it
for a birthday where is it bring inside
why
oh why is this a glass really careful
with it oh yeah let's see it
no my voice is correct you cannot see it
can I at least open your mom's iPhone no
I'm gonna open this hey wait where'd my
logo Marley we lose you
she got side Molly let me see it that's
it oh my wedding dress wait where you go
go away
Marley go check it out I can see it is
she seriously in there I know catchin
good times kitchen actually looks in it
ah this is being filmed about doing it
she has nice pot oh hi I literally have
looked out here at least just looking at
the water it's like a pool big pool do
you see the ghost in the video the
iPhone video yet alright if you guys
didn't know I posted yesterday when we
first got to our new place an iPhone
video and at the very end if you haven't
seen it here I'll show you really quick
but the whole the full video is on
youtube.com slash trippy on the iPhone
Channel but I was like over here come on
come on come on guys and nobody's no
dogs right there and I was like Marley I
have a cookie she came out right here
and just yeah I know you saw a vignette
right about here just like weird or
light kind of thing just like and then
Marley came yeah you don't look it right
yeah I'll put that little
and I'll put the full video on the tripi
channel we'll see you guys in the vlog
in Swanton to show you a little thing
come on Marley good barley cookies oh so
do you guys think do we have a Casper a
Casper the Friendly Ghost do we have a
Casper living with us it's not a
paranormal activity 1 we have a Friendly
Ghost Casper no I don't know is what the
internet says what do you guys think
is it freaky it's a Friendly Ghost we
should name him we should name the
friend that goes Marley did you see it
is that why you look to the right
instead of the left they absolutely love
it and the other thing I noticed
somebody said in the comments I start
laughing now that we have all hardwood
floors the entire house is lava so maybe
that's why they're sitting on the carpet
board where do we put the Bell this is
important too far
all right that's good so she didn't poop
everywhere I don't know what's funny or
the dog are you making those voices
again don't know who'd be happier for
the you or the dog are you ready for
this this is another reason why I like
living in a house now ready
hey you like your deck she having fun
because he's been here not even a day
she's already found a bunch of sticks
and we have a bunch of moles that's cool
though most people would hate moles I
think it's awesome we should name our
moles the mole no but she's going to put
the little one go I got my nerdy setup
iPhone one iPhone 3G iPhone 3GS iPhone 4
iPhone 4s and I was and then you can
watch me at it all the time
you better be proud the Lauren is
opening up her birthday gift doesn't our
side so much fun God are you think it
why it's much cooler black is much
cooler black is more cooler just like me
I know where I get it from so pretty
please drop it in shattering you gotta
get a case I don't want to take the
paper it's plastic
okay I don't want to take the ball hey
guys how's it going
hello but you're pretty it's like could
I please have a minivan why do we have
to have this Beemer
look I'll have a minivan you know how
long did it take to make that phone call
get it Pippa get it get it oh yeah
ferocious you can assert a temp of Peter
Pedic we're trying to get something for
the dogs because we feel really bad that
is pretty cool because it's a good dog
proof you can text it to me on your
iPhone hey put that away out come on now
we have a bigger like more space we can
pay al you want one of these a penis
plant wow that actually does look pretty
imperfect inappropriate so we're at one
of those like warehouse stores we're
going just go by like a thirty thirty
pound thing of mayonnaise we could just
have all its did you like manis so much
we can get a 30 pound thing of
mayonnaise for you you want some tea
does anyone need 15 things of deodorant
anyone oh that's oh my gosh yes it's a I
don't know like you guys already know
this my hands I hate having dirty hands
like a 20 pack of deodorant someone
would just like like as they're ringing
up they just feel like yeah I agree I
agree I would do that if I sell weird
like if somebody's buying they do the
big thing of toilet paper I wonder if
they had Taco Bell or something the day
before Ali
I want this screw lazy boy I want this
it's the tiny chair little old man
rocket hello help Marley's just watching
you oh did you discover that yeah it's
awesome
sounds just like Mario is always
thinking physics isn't this isn't the
right key but it sounds funny you guys
having a flashback to a lien ten years
old again but do your clap same thing
like mother like daughter
do you can draw good that is gonna be
your new signature oh good oh that's
pretty excellent there get the water get
it poppin yeah oh you have the waters a
bit come on test it out there you go
see what I mean you got two of them now
you're not sitting on lava constantly
there's really good at my butt no other
helps it helps to make your special she
likes it
well you did this the kitchen yesterday
it's your fault
you just like sit there somebody comes
in just like welcome yep it's eleven
eleven at eleven eleven eleven it's a
lot of Levin's I do I love how America
you are right now I love the fact that
you guys are playing video games right
no thanks
the greatest game of Mario Kart ever
the best part no one no one's around the
complain right Rachel if you have to
make it like a point how weird are these
controllers alleys gamer face is that
what you're gonna do yeah then I got
thirty second shot just let me do it
again slow motion hey I've actually
never seen one percent before well I
guess it's dead now rejected cartoons
just google it just google google it all
I see is a giant flag yeah Wow
I knew you just punch that thing out we
don't want that anymore yeah we don't
want any more actually you're like four
and one now College is like sunk the
game winner
Andrew good job good job oh that's just
photo bombed them all right so we have a
man down and Ally knows the way to fix
it you basically boil it and it works
when it expands it works there's not
born
one makes your pizza oh oh I'll see you
guys tomorrow good night
were sexy
with y'all trippin
with charity
