so it's not like you look about time a
lot of you guys have requested that we
do this that we're going to open up a
new peel box so I'm going to put the
peel box in the description of today's
video and that will be a new peel box
but we are now official
alright farm 961 and it works I'm sorry
it took so long to do is just after
moving it just took some time to get
used to everything and everything set up
but yeah it's set up now we got out the
old box
we got a peeled bucks we got a peel box
we got a peel box we're going to prove
oh well we were kind of like debating on
opening up a peel box a really long time
just because I think moving into a new
house getting situated then the wedding
then just kind of a lot was going on not
a leg has begun to slow down you've
opened up a teen box which is very
exciting we're excited to communicate
with you guys and really interact with
you guys more so we'll definitely put
all that info down below thank you
guys's suggestion for what how many
years yeah but it's finally done so I
don't remember where I got this idea but
I thought it'd be kind of fun to get a
blank canvas and some non-toxic paint I
read like you can get it on your dog's
seat and they can walk around the canvas
I thought that'd be kind of fun to do so
I did all the research and I actually
talked to her event yesterday what we'll
kind of paint I can do and they said
anything that like kids use like finger
paint would be totally fine so I just
got to see something find this stuff and
Ally I lost Ally okay she is constantly
losing it okay what's up on a few of
them and then they
you can raffle them up actually be kind
of fun our dog Billy Marley custom
paintings and we'll do some like I said
like a contest or something
Ali suggested what we can do is line
them all up and have the dogs walk on
them and then we can do some sort of I
don't give away a contest now that we
have our peel box we can actually do
stuff like this we need to get some
paint fire in the kids section right all
right non-toxic paint scuse me ma'am do
you have paint for dog I don't see it
yeah things from the drop glue silo
gasps those are super cool actually made
you feel like you're a real artist when
you weren't really doing anything these
are what I was talking about many many
many vlogs now teaching kids at a young
age to snip rkers at sailrite it's so
funny I know that's a bad thing is that
I think it's like they come back like an
issue of kids getting high or something
on markers I'm making them scented but
it doesn't still doesn't get rid of the
fact that they're actually missing
marker this is watercolor it says
watercolor was good at anything
non-toxic designed for killed children
I do want neon we want classic bright
classic right I say whatever I like
classic you always a good work safe oh
my god okay
it was not expecting that be someone
that got on camera
maybe her I need to help my hands in
trouble there yeah my leader
expert to ban
so smart using your surrounding
environment to hold it down but too glad
I have dead plants now curious to see
how they're going to react to this
because of the fact I remember how they
were with snow and how it was like
really weird for them and like the
efforts who were super iffy and then
whenever those little like sticky plans
seen aren't talking about that ethics a
little they're like they look like lima
beans innocent how those stick to their
feet and they're like forget this I hate
this and they're kind of they look
awkward basically so I'm wondering if
this paint which don't worry guys we
made sure that it's super safe for dogs
State for children non-toxic all the
above let's take bets right now do you
guys think that they're going to like it
not care at all or do you think that
this is going to be one of those things
that we're doesn't have to put the ream
and throw them on top of the paper or on
top of that I don't think there's a real
life I don't think I don't realize I
think they're going to think it's going
to be like wet grass we're going to make
sure that they don't bring that wet
grass inside this is one of those random
cute ideas on acute ideas now we're
going to try and actually this is
Charles's suggestion he saw it somewhere
unlike what was a Pinterest hurtful
probably what I dreamed it but I it was
so cute and they did really go guys it
was totally a manly site mm-hmm totally
a manly site and he thought it would be
super cute if we did something with the
dogs invited ourselves and there's gonna
be something awesome at the end never
going to talk to you guys about but um
we're going to go ahead and try this
just because why the heck not how are we
going to get them to allow us to put the
paint on their feet and walk across we
have a little trick of our sleeve rather
a little treat in our pockets we're
going to kind of trick them into this
the holy word
come on boy so he's like okay I'm down
I'm ready
your turn home dog come here come here
come but she's got one on one yeah we
got a little bit of paint and idea I got
you small I ready nope moving a lot
harder than a lot for this job
some of it on axis is actually pretty
hilarious abacus let's go Marley you're
the guinea pig right now girl - look you
good girl you want to touch the are
teeth really funny come on now guys I
can just work its really well with
puppies up I have a better idea what if
we just poured the paint on this and
decided what I'm thinking - yeah I don't
think what you're doing is working very
well and think about children face
painting it or finger painting I don't
know if we had this much trouble going
to give her that tree she deserves it
good up there you go who wants to do it
so now people have a piece of Marley's
right on your painting listen to it
exactly work select color should we do
now
again I want to reiterate this is all
non-toxic kid paint so it's all safe
good this is the way to do it we got a
bunch of pop castles over here though
we have some good ones on that one bill
so we got one painting done look how
beautiful that looks and that's actually
really pretty I'm gonna get some the
dirt off but that's really beautiful
look at their feet
nope just came out from just a wild idea
actually looking kind of cool can you do
1d it looks awesome now we got all the
dogs and they look so cool and a great
part is it does wash straight off I just
watch this evil for almost almost he
thinks is getting her back look at
Marty's wife so little Mars got a little
blue hiney come on guys who didn't wash
off the internet master like okay am i
need da one later did that back blue
little Smurf foot - comes right off
actually really funny phrase it with
that yes one buddy you were the one that
got like kind of a little painted up
just do a little 360 of what you've done
all the way around stay right there and
then all the way up to the but that was
fun though look at that coming right off
Marlene is like the Mainers I see
similar situation marlis the pups up top
though I'm gonna keep saying that joke
so then bark cuz I reach in on that one
with another one
Jackson pup lock there's another artist
Salvador doggy come on you got to give
me some of these
okay who's another opinion mo Monet I
can't think of one for that one na mo mo
paw it's been driving me crazy this
section of the house and these little
stupid lizard coops so I've been wanting
to pressure wash this entire house for a
girl all the time but I just haven't had
enough time to actually sit down and do
it because it's definitely a chore but
since we went painting all day today I
feel like I kind of have the ability to
kind of just get things now that I need
is done because the way I always think
about it in daily videos is going to do
something really fun and I can
for yourself and for you guys the
viewers because I want to make sure you
guys are happy and enjoy your escape of
10 to 13 minutes a day but at the same
time I want to be able to get the things
they need to the boring things done as
well so it's always one of these things
we got to balance and I feel like today
is the perfect balance and I always have
fun when I'm doing anything with a
pressure washer years of vlogs can pry
back male whoops
that ain't right how they turn this
thing off oh there it all right let's do
a little before and after obviously
before so far after this makes me feel
so accomplished and then check this out
where I want to show you guys like I'm
saying from here like you have a choice
this is before there we go
let's put on the camera though and that
is incredibly exhausting but incredibly
rewarding I just actually talked to
dftba so we are on schedule
after this video right now when you
watch this video you can pause it if you
go to CTFxC Merce comm all those hats
from VidCon and the new poster are now
on sale so just click down there the
link in the description or just
pediatric tumors comm can I say you got
a hurry you got a hurry because I think
we only made a little bit close to a
hundred of the hats and a lot of them
sold at big time so whatever's there is
there we might be able to make some more
but it's just finding a distributor
again so go get a hat collect all four
go get the new poster but CTFxC merch
calm I feel like one of those ads or
it's like CTFxC Merce calm CTFxC merch
calm CTFxC more calm
well is it sticky like Demers calm I
feel like I've been green in your head
by the way my hair looks awesome I know
it's wafting we just want to say I hope
you enjoyed today's video
yeah she doesn't like it when Ali and I
are like affectionate she even though
I'm not even affection I'm literally
depending on her jealous
my Oh make sure you guys go check out
all the new hats off camera Seymore calm
we're going to come up with something
tomorrow that we can do to give away the
paintings where you give away three of
the paintings I think to you guys as if
I as a thank you I like tomorrow's
always have a great night and we'll see
you bye bye
right okay bud
you
