so you guys know how much I love nopperz
I've talked about them in the vlogs
before and sorry I just woke up and so I
look terrible and sound terrible I'm
gonna show you my uncle's suitcase
because this is the funniest thing I
think I've ever seen
show them how little clothing you have
and how many nopperz yeah boy and there
goes me eating healthy before the way
here we are we're getting a truck to my
dad I brought my dad to drive it because
I cannot remove a truck right dad gonna
do it for me isn't it our truck that's
our truck alright you look good hey
don't crash okay that's good oh you guys
are gonna hate me the 8 o'clock in the
morning and you have to get a bath
oh she hurt it she's running away come
on bath time come on you have to get a
bath I know it's super early super early
come on you can't be all stinky when
going into the new place okay here we go
on my ongoing saga of me hating my car
look at that nice little nail ally and
Dennis discovered no no that's not too
bad yeah I'm saying if Alice said it
took a week to leak out yeah Oh
okay you win
there's Dennis Dennis Tommy I refuse to
drive it because it wasn't the big
yellow truck since it's the big white
truck I don't want to drive it
yellow and I refuse to drive it because
it's not yellow so weird so we were on
our way up to move and I forgot the keys
my bad to get them for getting the keys
oh I'm sorry
so that's where I broke down right there
240 1.5 mile marker drummer that alley
what are you sleeping yet you sleeping
back there yeah lazy
that's that was just that day you do it
try it
hey well raise the roof raise the roof
pull your pants up
Oh you're perfect you put tazed on day
on alright well how long this is gonna
take the move one place to do the other
I don't think long at all I think the
horse is trying to get this stuff down
the stairs some real-life Tetris action
right there and then we got right here
set up the long piece which would be
what do you guys think what do you think
the mattress right put the long piece
right there slide it in then everything
disappears and just you know disappears
are you at the long piece in now look at
this this fine Tetris worked by Tommy
this is just this is impressive right
there between Dennis and Tommy the
brothers you guys probably get like
level 999 on Tetris isn't it weird it
feels like yesterday when we were both
trying to put this thing up you're being
stupid oh you did it too too good to
begin with no no no so we are currently
rolling this beast using blankets just
like in the different times that's right
I mean the aliens built the Pyramid
right
scuttle scuttle
yeah I think we're done that's my GoPro
at my skateboard all right that's it all
done it's kind of weird
always worried every time we move just
to see everything completely empty
bye-bye house you were good to us short
amount of time
it was nice a lot of memories here
you're not allowed to follow up well
apparently you can't follow them you got
to stop you sir have a cool bag the big
truck
I can barely see there you go
so we got a giant crew of people okay
that it Spitfire t-shirt so there's a
new place guys
Marley happy okay everything's hardwood
floor here so you gotta watch this ready
ready
let's go the show as you can tell their
nails keep my mind free this sliding all
over the place they're having problems
this is gonna be my office this is the
officer here do you like that guys this
is the guest room
we got the guest room this is basically
gonna be the music room slash merch room
right here
big giant closet and I'll show you guys
all of this later I gotta start
unloading okay we'll come back wait am i
what is the back girls you can go
swimming you can go swimming whatever
you want now we don't have to go all the
way to Sarasota it'll swim hi Zoe
hey so I'm just investigating just you
know gonna pee on everything okay
well this is where a door should be
where's al you gotta find Ali making the
bed so he loves it out there she's happy
what's all the cussing in here huh I
think we're getting everything in almost
I love how much bigger this is every
best part we can watch movies and not
annoy anyone who's that that's so cool
here's the bed and you can just look
right there and see the water in the
pool you like it here yeah just in case
you were curious why not a good idea to
put a baby in there
no no babies out there no babies it's
restore home Joey welcome
you gonna slide everyone's coming up to
say hi all right well the girls and boys
are I'll come back later
all right just investigate hey that's
not yours
all right Coby don't destroy that please
Oh bleep it ring for charity
yes slap it Kobi two frisbees wait that
was in our attic yeah what is it
so I can get those six-pack ABS I've
always wanted ABS guys and look at
Dennis and Lauren brought up for us
oh hey go go back in the house and now
there were three wait do you dog on go
we got in the mouth all right what are
we getting we gotta get some celebrate
celebratory things I don't know I'm
digging the fact that you're wearing a
Spitfire t-shirt right now all right so
we got to get a bunch of stuff for ya
we're gonna celebrate the new living
quarters
okay so we're having a mild argument
already Ali likes it like this the couch
like this but I feel like the viewing
the viewing of the television is a
little bit hard or like when you're
playing Modern Warfare you know things
like that very very important things
what do you mean why is it hard you're
supposed to be on my side
but it's all
Oh peanut gallery over there thank
everyone oh you guys are gonna decide
this do we do it this way Ally's way or
are we gonna do it my way okay I'm gonna
show you my way and then this is the way
I want it right here
so is it Ally's way or my way what do
you guys think no no you know no
internet society Internet Society on
this one oh I feel so good to be like
not I was okay I this is gonna sound
really really really funny but the first
thing I did I immediately set up
everything as you guys saw and I just
put a movie on and I just blared it and
it was so amazing I was like waiting I
was just like sitting there waiting and
just expecting somebody there like pound
on the wall or the ceiling or whatever
the roof of the floor nothing nothing
Marlon's though we were really pissed
off and then immediately Dennis brought
in the dog beds and they've been fine
this is gonna be the new the new CTFxC
headquarters and yeah we should do like
I know I said it last time to do like a
like a cribs type of thing
maybe we'll eventually we'll do that but
I feel like it's more fun like when
we're just like walking around like
vlogging like I am and then you guys see
it that way
you already mean so I don't know should
we do a cribs what do you think empty
empty key cribs yo Internet I'll let you
guys decide should we do a cribs or
should you is just like a mystery it's
like one day there's a new room or
something like that I think I think the
mystery is more fun so I'll let you guys
decide let me know in the comments and
we'll do it that way but I love it I
want to watch you don't wanna do I want
to watch Star Wars and I'm just gonna
blare it 242 right now in the 7 or 8
years that I've been living on my own
I've never been able to go past like 16
when watching a movie so I'm like so
stoked
hey are you doing weird Cobian Tyson go
there left we went back home show wait
is this the light oh man I just learned
the lights in our old place and then
wait which is the light
okay move you guys can see she's
deciding if she likes it square or on
yeah really yeah because everything is
square
no but seriously how do you turn that
frickin light on okay this is gonna be
annoying over here why there's so many
light switches oh I just did that she
tricked me look it's dimmer see it's off
dim it up Demming up dim it up our
neighbors gonna think of we're doing SOS
alright I'll stop doing that
alright guys it's been kind of a long
day oh you don't have to see Marley's
new trick because her bed is over here
and this is kind of in the way between
the bedroom and stuff like that she's
been jumping literally hurtling I don't
know she'll do it I'll think she's good
she's literally been like right here
hurdles and hurls new Marley trick so if
you guys never thought that Marley could
do another trick she can bro bro you
curling I'm gonna go to bed guys we'll
see you guys tomorrow
new place new CTFxC headquarters good
night
where's he at
with tripping
with Josephine Harry
you
