the joys of owning dogs you get random
toys in your bed all the time she left
it in there Brett did you bring a toy in
the bed she just grabbed my cat fired
tail oh boy I think she likes me
yeah it sounds like she loves you
kitchen is Charles your favorite person
yeah Marley gets so mad as soon as she
hears kitchen making that noise she
comes to the rescue
my job is my overall goal is to get this
cat that might be called good luck you
know you know gizmo yeah but how long
did it take gizmo this cat's like sorry
it was the exact same way and I just
broke her and now she gives most of
Comus cat doesn't sound good she's like
so calm now
yeah she looks real calm it's hectic
right now it's crazy it's always crazy
but especially up until November 20th
it's going to be crazy town 24/7 I am
like at my wit's end you've ever if
you've never seen a crazy bi TCH before
you're looking at one right now I all I
wanna do is play my advantage
Oh
for the longest time since I've since
I've known my mom she's never been able
to use I know that didn't purpose that
she's never been able to use like
anything that has to do with technology
and she just started texting me just
starting to use the text messages and
this is what I wrote see if you guys
this is so I wrote super impressed that
you are using text messages now smiley
face and this is what she responded back
just a blank text message she'll get
there but I you know what bottom line
mom I'm very impressed I never thought
I'd see the day she sent us two photo
messages hi and I was like responding
back like it was nothing and then I
looked up at Alli she's like why and I'm
like I just realized this is coming for
my mom it was pretty weird so moon
I think the dogs here to start going
crazy now you have more than the dogs
ever did so today pretty much Ali and I
have been stuck in meetings and
finalizing okay we finally get the move
into our rental win tomorrow tomorrow
we're getting move so tomorrow's moving
day that's pretty much why as you can
see the Sun is already setting the mood
what's happening in ten days ever now
what was supposed to be happening like
November 20th or something I that's not
a no it's not that important it'll come
to us that it's important a yeah that's
why I thought yeah so we're just taking
the dogs to the dog park for a little
bit it's the wrong side with the plane
taking off that's pretty cool looking
all right guys you're ready to do your
little dougie training course by doggie
training course I mean Ali and I doing
the entire course by ourself and the
dogs just watching I'm starting to
figure out that with dog training it's
more about training the owner than it is
about training the dogs oh hi you looked
just like Zoe a skinny version
look it's like there's Zoey and there's
Marley
oh there's Ali picking up poop like
smaller version of Zoey Marley Oh huh
you playing try to find Zoey's poop huh
I was filming that beautiful sky with
that airplane it was very awesome it'll
be kind of funny if it like we're
looking for and I ended up stepping in
it she needs to have like fluorescent
poop I love the fact that we're making
the internet watch us look for poop
gotta love the internet oh you guys made
a friend
whoa you're really pretty Wow boy jump
jump good hey jump go go there we go are
you really seriously doing that it's
your daughter
wait did you ever tell them what's going
on with your voice say say sentence fun
fact that has every letter in the
alphabet do you guys know that you guys
want your something funny it's just an
observation that I've actually noticed
in the past few years I get carded or I
get asked the to see my driver's license
or my ID more often when I buy games
like this like modern warfare all
warfare I keep saying weird
well basically want to buy mature games
you know that are like you know supposed
to be what 17 or 18 or up my point is I
get carded more often when buying video
games than I do when I buy alcohol or
anything like that isn't that kind of
weird I just I just noticed that I was
like every single time I buy a video
game I'm carded and not every single
time I buy out anyone else over the age
of 21 ever experienced that thought it
was kind of weird it's gonna rain them
right put your bark in good to park in
your my spot so recently I get to not
look the night vision is it on okay
Dennis recently uncovered this
old-school camera this isn't even that
old-school this is this like what is one
is this this is just mini DV no I mean
like high eight you guys remember high
just imagine if I was vlogging with this
thing like every day but with these
cameras came a cool little feature
called night shot or night vision and I
thought it'd be kind of fun to mess
around with it how do you open it okay
okay
is it on why don't I do this
I can't work it why are there so many
buttons look it's like doo-doo-doo okay
they say it was always go to the cat
what's goes again can we do this I gotta
say it out here they're working yeah
guys there's been some strange
happenings Oh
what is that Oh actually kind of looks
really cool what this looks like hey
does this look like the Paris Hilton
tape anyone anyone I was thinking that
hey guys my name is Paris Hilton and I
like to you know take my mouth I was
appropriate it's really funny like what
was the point what was the point to
having this that point to having the
night shot yeah this is like all adult
films that's always fine you do looks
like oh my god your eyes you kind of
look like Gollum with your eyes gave
Gollum eyes is that right Gollum that's
so weird
so I guess the setting was okay so like
that clock goes by sleeping
out of nowhere I will eat you like this
I have a new calling in life suck in
Jeff Dunham
see what you did
wait
worse yet sexy
with trippy
Biennale don't forget
