is you vlogging at 10 years old
this is like you still playing the same
song look at this look at you you're
like looking at the camera you do the
exact same things
you make all the same faces
yeah I'm messing with the keyboard I was
learning how to change the sounds on the
keyboard and I really liked that one
obviously can tell based on my playing
it 100,000 records so what is this
contraption that you're messing with
well this here is a VHS and I manually
rewinding it it's so much sure why I
gave myself southern accents it you know
seems propria right now I'm tinkering
with this here tape this is pretty much
why this medium kind of failed wait what
did this tape thing what does this do
yeah I know right oh hi sorry you got
what are you doing yes I Cal so that's
Charles acting like he's five years old
good
please tell me that just happened that
was absolutely recording I was talking
to the camera that I heard the noise and
I got the end of you falling
literally mommy well
tell me what this tastes like
Gatorade oh I thought if this is like
suntan lotion doesn't it oh that tastes
like suntan lotion
I'm not eating cottage cheese oh it
tastes like today is the day we are
choir our marriage license wedding
license what marriage license right
we're going downtown we have to go
declare use it anywhere so we're just
doing it while we're here we're just
getting in Sarasota so we can bring it
anywhere in Florida to get married or
subject so we have to basically sign
something saying we read all the
information and I guess put our names
way you don't do you actually change
your name here all right
cool where are we supposed to go I think
like you have to go through here and
then underneath the bridge
if you meet a troll answer the troll pay
the troll toll if you want to get into
the boys hole all right we're feel like
we're at a theme park I think this is
the place got it okay they made us do
the whole the the whole I I swear thing
but the thing is what was it get you
should I swear yeah they're really
saying like okay guys swear that you're
not related to but here's the weirdest
thing to the extent of the law so I
guess there's an extent where you can be
related what are you doing what you say
what is it what the dragonfly always in
my purse okay
dragon flies live like a day don't they
yeah upside down I'll just put them in
the bushes or something so you can look
at all the flowers
Oh way to drop them always flying wait
dragonflies they live what a day two
days gotta give him CPR and I just move
them so no one steps on them oh there
goes the dirt is sought the softer than
the cement it's okay so we're not
related
right last time I checked out first so
weird
yes you could be kind of related and
still get married anyway we got a
marriage license all right so we were
walking out after getting the marriage
license and storm saw us just stop this
view what we won't have any shoutouts my
say you guys are amazing
and whenever he says that you guys can
meet him it is amazing cuz it can happen
like that to things like it as the
coolest name in the world so nice
meeting you storm heading back to Tampa
I got it okay so I got a call this is
what happened my car you have to pee
did you guys know there's a law okay I
don't know if this is like true or not
but I've looked it up on the internet
somebody mentioned if you pull on the
side of the road you can legally pee in
the state of Florida you can pee on your
back right wheel if you have your right
hand on the back of the car all right
yeah so you can pee on that wheel back
there how many girls will I don't know
but I want to get the curse and she says
that right because I think they're gonna
cop okay what's happening with the car
alternator died right then they said
there was an airbag recall they fixed
that of those that was their gift to me
uh-huh and then apparently the
alternator killed my battery and yeah so
that's where we stand so high five car
yeah I'm I'm gonna demon doesn't even
deserve a name and then we have to go
pack up the rest of the stuff now ASAP I
told you to do exercise you're right in
the car
now for girls we have fire hoses you
don't
all right fingers crossed the start
and starting now I gotta go get a stupid
battery place oh yeah okay since I'm
really OCD I keep records of all my like
purchases on my phone and I've looked
the battery everyone went got one was it
it was June it was June dang
what was that point oh yeah hate cars
it's getting there it's getting there
why the camera going out of focus focus
camera well I think we're gonna be able
to move faster from this place to a new
place than we did from Kyle a seat here
or any other like how many have
something removed one to four times
we've moved like four or five times
during the vlogs I don't forget about
your juicer so you can make some juice
and Juicy Juice freaking yeah I
obviously am transporting the precious
cargo off your brights grumpy child is
now blinded ha totally beating Ali come
on why did he do it I can't do it mommy
there we go
what are you destroying oh that was nice
what is this where's this little
Hedgehog all right
you don't usually destroy things well no
I just actually say that I actually just
said that denied
what's going on Marley Marley you would
do good not to growl at her right now
you guys are trouble it's always like I
got a toy I'm not guilty
check it out good old Florida have no
idea what star that is to the top left
right there anyone and when the center
is obviously the moon what store is that
is that is that Earth right there a
center is the mercury hey guys is that
is that like the moon right there in
front of my face it is this juicy got a
ski - oh good night
yes
with trippy
and Ali
