Denis displayed stuff of my dog Marley
have every toy you could ever want
it's Lauren's birthday and as you can
see we are you're right just right there
on the door
wait let go let go Ali you gotta let go
of it
there that was good that was good so
he's got a Evans just looks morbid Zoe
this is what happens also when you have
to perfectionist right now because
they're both the exact same people exact
same perfectionist so we're gonna be
here for another hour uh internet does
that look good good good job we're
trying entertain the cat but the cats
being a cat and ignoring everyone what
is this morbid thing we're strolling on
the cat give it kitchen no kitchen don't
run happy birthday kitchen I'm
disgusting so scooter the we the kings
tour manager just sent me a song on
Twitter and I want to play for you guys
because I think I think this could be
Ally well Ally in a cup like what 15
days this could be her theme song as
well as mine ready ready for this
they wrote this about me so what do you
guys think should that be the official
theme song that should be our wedding oh
my god when after they announce this man
and wife that song should start playing
just loud with subs everywhere oh just
guys thanks cooter for bringing that
little gem into our life
oh boy we're at the florist appointment
right now and I've just changed a lot
I mean I've added to it I haven't like a
looming answer but I have eliminated
certain flowers
these guys they're pretty but I took
them out of the arrangement and uh
really bad but the lady's been so so so
helpful so I were super appreciative
it's like was it two weeks before how
close were you the wedding um really
close to close to meet you right I'm
like don't kill me I made a promise to
her when I decided to work with her that
I would not turn into bread so and I am
I called her yesterday and I was like
almost in tears I was like I don't know
oh yes time we just she made an
emergency phone call and now we're back
into it so I know this probably seems
crazy guys I'm sure you have no idea
what I'm doing enough but for anybody
who's ever been married or helps anybody
with a wedding you know how crazy you
can get just before you start thinking
everything through in your mind you want
to visualize the whole space with
everything that you've planned to have
and it's like it's just crazy so serious
this is serious
I don't know how you do it thank you yes
that make it happen
you're not just saying that right no you
know you're really not that difficult I
know you think they are being a bride
anyway I got a phone call from the auto
repair service the people
Ripoff galore yeah so if you guys
guessed broken alternator you were
correct and yeah so they're fixing that
today
that's all I gotta say apparently it's
not an expensive part but the the
geniuses who designed the car I guess
made it really really really really
difficult to switch out or just you know
repair it's gonna take five and a half
hours to repair on the phone I was just
like just give me the alternator I can
do it now they heard me and she just
looked at me like yeah okay sure you
could Oh parking fail I have to show you
one of the coolest things I think I've
ever seen in my entire life where's your
phone Courtney I was like you can swipe
a credit card dude in that eye right
there okay I'll get this little
attachment what is that in your card
number in the ladies and gentlemen
welcome to the 21st century
that is ridiculous I should just I think
I should just get one of those and just
make people pay me for like random
things like all about your dinner
your tie right here since we're like you
know moving and stuff like that I have
to do that entire process of switching
but first off internet and everything
but I okay so I've been what is it 4:30
I've been doing this for a three and a
half hours just switching and canceling
blah blah blah I've now found a useful
thing for Siri like it was a novelty but
now I was like typing things and I'm
doing all this stuff and then I'm like
Siri set a reminder to do to something
with the internet at 3 p.m. and blah
blah blah blah and it's doing I'm all I
feel super done I feel like a business
guy I feel so productive and I just
completely killed it by vlogging I
forgot what I had to do it is my mom's
birthday and she is
she's young she's a spring chicken you
guys my parents obviously didn't plan
their birthdays but their birthdays are
a week apart and then they plan to get
married exactly a week later so that my
dad would never forget their
anniversaries so my dad's birthday's
Halloween my mom's November 7th and
their wedding anniversary is the 14th
this is gonna be right after so it's
gonna be a bunch of birthdays and
anniversaries right now fresh yeah hey
guys guys have you seen my baseball
anyone do you see my baseball is the
most funky ears in the world dirt number
one she's like all over the place she
came out with my look at and this is
derp derp number two and she walks
perfectly straight yeah but she's still
a crazy crazy no this never yeah keeping
it straight and you just watch her and
veer off screen up there's no hope she's
going right I thought she's gonna keep
it keep it right on her keep it behind
Marley she doesn't move at all
she moves a little but barely an hour
and then derp derp vision again she's up
she's off oh she's back what's over
there do get it and she's off I think
you lost it Mar what is going on over
here
Oh modern warfare is coming out look at
everyone in line oh it's actually kind
of crazy to think about it's been it's
been a year member in Tallahassee I
waited for black ops this time I want to
make Ally do it she has no excuses no
school wanna go look at all the nerds
it's a lot of you ready to do this
tonight you're gonna do this tonight at
midnight you're gonna have to you have
to you got out of it last year you're
doing it this year there the line of
starting 6:00 p.m.
should we should we go sit in line with
them now I would you know like mana
we're very warfare all right let me see
that hoodie I keep teasing everybody
because I keep telling they're coming
soon see even my dad has one they're
coming I just placed the order today
like I promised happy birthday everyone
but make sure to stay have to break it
to Lauren now to get a margarita all
right so before you show me what's in
your hand why are you dancing you'll see
show me
that's the size of your face you know
what there's a few things that are
bigger than my head and this is one of
them do you know the big head what I get
the big head thing from bagel baby have
you always had to be he has a big head
my dad is Mario mahjong so is this
really you lot are you gonna do that
next time the eating contest
what 2020 tacos in 40 minutes never
happened
do you guys remember when Ali was doing
all those future I think you could do it
you don't think so peer pressure peer
pressure make her do it
I like how we just like switch places
like a few days later with the cake with
the cake quick was the king she's like
I'm really not supposed to be here guys
really not supposed to give me some cat
food or cat poop I'll be good
ah crap ah way don't know this isn't it
this is this is Steinmart
we gotta go over there we didn't go
exactly at 12 beyond right now
we missed bed and bath now we're in the
beyond I don't know if they're gonna
have it but I'm dragging Ali out oh is
it people there I see cars oh oh yeah
there's people right there
there's people right there it's still
waiting on you know what I did realize
though I can't
I don't until we move I can't do
anything with my xbox because it's all
backed up there is modern warfare like
they like call military people they're
like hey there's a guy out just up in
camo stuff that guy looks like the swamp
the thing it's pretty cool we have to
wait in line when we have a pre-order I
know I'm not doing this
Mike David still home
yeah minute it'll be here here's a girl
wearing pink camo up there it'll be here
this is a grandparent's vlog is it bad
that we're like dipping out we literally
just walked in here an hour away yeah I
know I'm a wimp
no our Xbox is packed that's right you
said yeah if I could play it I'd wave
but she's just walking around with this
Oh sick all crap did she find it what is
this
that would be my toothbrush think I
really tried to hide that this is how
you do it is this what it is now I know
you're guilty I knew if I asked you you
would do it what is this huh they just
showed you do I need to show you on this
one okay great now that we've got that
established
can I can I have it I came in here and
uh I was like wait did I do that
Torche in everything plastic in that
house she sprained my hair spray stuff
all over her she smelled like hairspray
hard to tell you your little your little
egg hole teeth are in every man yeah
really
all right guys get the bed to go to bed
worse
with trippy
with Dahle don't forget
