oh boy
extreme Pogo
all right we got to go pack you'd be
good there you go
get some bacon fake bacon I just
remember yesterday when Danny showed the
how much house can I afford like a
basically a fun game is it going Google
and just start typing words and just see
like having it guess what you're saying
so Ali check this out how much does
right how much does an abortion cost how
much does Kim Kardashian weigh and how
much does a gallon of water away is
there these are the top things before
searching from how much does what could
be a sentencer prom how long is this was
actually kind of normal
how long is the Great Wall of China how
long is Disney on Ice
what happens if you eat mold so next
time you're on Google Play that game
it's kind of fun I still think the the
other one how much how much house can
have more day two of packing
weird al' ago we lose her oh hold on
guys I have a really important phone
call I can't pack right now hands like
so it's so funny it's like deja vu we
have to do that for the third time
through those mirrors that's always fun
that's always turns into a pleasant time
alright the progress see here let's go
over here empty let's go over here chuck
dog and empty weird struggling
okay that would good okay am i hitting
the button yeah yeah it's like you guys
are right here moving with me except
you're the type of people just watching
me struggle who I'm telling you dudes
the wheel has got to be the
single-handedly the best invention oh
yeah it's got to be like the best
invention in the world you're like well
simple inventions like that you know
about the time obviously aren't simple
like the light bulbs things we just take
for granted and how like amazing they
are like Oh mr. light bulb
you are amazing but seriously don't you
agree we Oh what is what is the greatest
invention of all time tell me the
comments though we know today's video by
they matter the wheel hey hey hey we're
waiting for the car stop two three cars
hold on hold on hold on
nice hoodies are you covering your face
I put a Madison on my face and I have
like like messed up actually this is
good a Segway the we're doing the hoodie
order is it tomorrow we're putting in it
it's basically we're gonna put it on
order for the hoodies tomorrow so in the
next few weeks probably early December
late November we're gonna have the
hoodies so yes ever gonna put it what is
going on here have you ever got a hoodie
and there's a new t-shirt designed to so
we heard you guys hoodies are coming I
promise I just completely brought and
they're both matching great in house
with my today
I'm on a mission to find as many
inappropriate things as I can in the
next five minutes this is number one
number two that's a third honestly
that's got to be number four number five
that's kind of number six shake your
sexy little bum bum bunny
shake your sexy bum bum' gets a quick oh
my dancing man
people out here excuse me see if there's
anything in there for this she butts
there what's that what is it what what
are you doing up there
well he's pretty good foot on the floor
the eggs she goes to the trash no just
gonna go to the trash trash is easier
where's the cat poop
okay so sister you know how you just
tweeted that you would like to watch a
good movie this fine evening yeah so I
have a suggestion for you mother flippin
Star Wars would you like to tell our
audience why I'm suggesting that to you
you're kidding
how did you let this happen this is as
much your fault as anybody else Charles
you see that does not count you know I
don't have a sister making dinner for
everyone I'm actually blown away you're
making dinner right now
as you guys probably already noticed we
pretty much moved in here we're actually
waiting until the house is ready that we
can that we're renting up in Tampa so we
had to move everything out of our place
because we're getting kicked out of our
other place so that's why we've been
pretty much taking over Lauren and
Dennis's house right now
look at the fish way to bring the fish
down for a little bit this is how I roll
I don't just put my fork down in my Josh
a lot we put it down and I ruin it no
I'm good yeah I can't he just right yeah
I just literally went Oh wall get away
from the wall quit instagramming what is
this mom our excuse me thank you all you
see is their tail every time I look at
how against looks so disgusting inside I
know it's it's so weird like it's all
like the little like seeds are like all
through there it's probably why I like
pomegranate schnapps right sadducees I
know it'll stain everything so be really
really careful yeah let me see your face
it's probably wise pomegranate juice is
so expensive because it's so delicate so
if you guys ever wonder what a
pomegranate looks like inside oh fish
things just went off that's what it
looks like all you do is you grab the
little curl thing by it well we got the
juice and that's it that's it that's why
pomegranates are so annoying but they're
so good at the same time you're better
off just like taking a squirt gun and
just like spraying your friend in the
face with pomegranate juice do it up
you're trying to get it better this is
the way I've always done it you put in
like them water so that way just you can
separate it a lot easier once you get
the stupid membrane out there it is
there it is right so you want you want
to try a pit public in it don't eat it
just smell it
anything in here pomegranates too
healthy
crazy le is completely baffled it's like
the farm animal is that what you want
you're trippin they get stuck to your
face oh this isn't flavored okay I'll go
to all three we're good we're good
Marley is up cheese does their cheese on
there
where's the sexy
with y'all trippin
we're
with Caribbean
you
