what is wrong with you car
so I'm trying to drive the Tampa and you
see how everything's going really slow
and I tried to turn my car on it was
like like the battery was dying and then
I was accelerating it wouldn't get out
of like a second gear first gear
wouldn't get over 40 50 miles an hour
tried to pull over to see if this will
help I don't know if this works anyway
so we're going back to Tampa right now
because okay see if we can do this see
any time yep come on let's go let's go
come on what's wrong with this car
seriously the one thing about X cars in
general they seem to be like designed to
fail at a certain things like Oh your
warranty's like you know 100,000 miles
or 60,000 miles or like four years it'll
break at 61,000 miles or like six years
frustrated that seems to be working now
so that's a good thing anyway so yeah
we're going back i have met back to
tampa so long but guess what guys it's
moving time the reason why we're moving
is because we uh we signed a short-term
lease term short term lease sorry i
can't speak and but the good news is
we're gonna be running a house up there
in tampa which is nicer because the
reason why we're moving out of apartment
is just basically you guys know us every
every place we ever move in the past 34
years it's always been like we've this
off our neighbors our neighbors have
been really nice to this place but you
know like one of those things where you
want to like play music i can't play my
bass have to plug into a computer I
can't watch movies loud I can't edit
loud or anything like that so we were
just like what's this run a place up
here so the fun process of moving again
and holy crap I forgot to tell you guys
we the kings Demi Lovato this month it's
pretty awesome and then taking back
sunday in January I'm gonna post a link
down there in the video description
check out the tour dates if we're coming
in your area please come in just high
five I just want to high five some ctx
years so I'm gonna put the dates down
there in the video description so if we
come to your area come support the CTFxC
and we the kings convert we're team now
the CTFxC and the wtk were or equal to
equal one oh come on car come on
car come on come on like this is doing
anything any guess is a safe we actually
make it Madison I feel like this is just
hurting my car and yes wedding in 15
days wow I feel like in the first two
minutes is the most information I've
been awesome information that I've been
able to give you guys have the first
grid off the bat at the beginning of the
video marriage moving demi lovato taking
back sunday South America this is gonna
be a pretty awesome year guys getting
stoked for 2012 or just the end of 2011
all right I'm gonna go talk to my car
I'm gonna make sure I got a motivator we
ever need my car holy crap maybe that's
why she's acting up we never gave her
her name what should we name it okay it
kind of seems a little bit bratty you
know well it's gotta have a bratty ish
name I think she's just revolting
because she does have a name truecaller
sound like a broken mp3 what the crap
car soon as they just replaced her
battery all right everything just went
off great awesome great great car great
this is great you're good car a good car
awesome
card just shut off awesome thank God
Lauren and Ali are in the other car and
allie has a smartphone because that I
can just go like you know I can share my
location she's like where are you
exactly and I was like I I don't know it
was like oh duh so Thank You Apple you
just saved my life not really but I mean
you save me some hours of inconvenience
oh boy so let's see I think this may be
Charles
park right there there yes
oh there's child I'm like thank God I
have triple a and then I pull up the
card and it looks like this and i can't
i can't read the number for true is it
really gonna be one of those days where
i'm just gonna like laugh myself like
delirious oh one of those days whatever
roll with the punches laughs laughs
laughs oh there it's coming it's coming
see see if you say positive things
happen out there there
sir coming to rescue LOL coach r
something like a good neighbor statefarm
is that no way okay this thing can I
keep a consistent beat it is a click
track yeah all right at least we can
back around cuz she forgot the house key
cuz she's a turkey
it's getting so much worse cars gonna
blow up it doesn't work that's wrong
like a good neighbor statefarm is that
I'm here hey State Farm how's it going
hey hey let's go gonna get a hot tub our
hero we're over here over here guy
look at this just on the side of the
interstate beer empty beer cans all over
the side my bad yes really look at this
openly how many people drive on the
interstate drunk we got the car and
everyone was half joking about you know
how far we actually make it you guys
guess 20 miles you're you're you're
right so I just got my silver medallion
card cuz we've been flying so much for
Delta literally by the time I got this i
am now gold in the past month and a half
we've flown 50,000 miles so now this is
useless I'm gold I'm cold guys you ready
to do this all right we got some help
Hannah and dot over there now the long
arduous process of moving everything
everything we look we never even got we
never even have a chance to like do this
office now already know we move a lot
don't worry does this feel like deja vu
slowly get everything is bunghole you
say bungholes is 1992
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo feel like in every
video we're doing tetris okay that's the
long the long one you got of course are
you the type of people to put the long
run at the ends on both ends you gotta
get risky with those do you save them do
you save them and just put them on the
side are you that type of Tetris player
try my dad just disappeared chart hit
the roof wait ahead Oh Charles you know
we're getting married in like ten days
of you break something no sympathy oh
hey I guess I gonna do so honest which
is kind of pathetic to say I listing
Pogo master over there no hands so
you're a pogo shark basically oh you're
huh I can't pogo stick at all ten bucks
says I'm gonna mess up I feel like
everyone you look so casual are you
doing a heck going on just do my taxes
up here how's it going my name is Hannah
nice to meet you know you're pooping
you're fine there we go he is fine so
you going down no should be okay she's
apparently is professional good hi Zoe
what's going on i'm so confused you need
a Hannah hey Jerry on the back no thank
you that's what you always wanted to
start with it I can't fly probably told
them then when the vet left foot presses
back the coordination of dot Larry had a
unicycle reading as you go or hey Holly
okay it looks like jackasses well it
looks like kids please don't try this at
home well I got all the wasted beer
iphone video be on a pogo stick ladies
and gentlemen beer on pogo stick mirka
too much catnip dog Jesus been passed
out she was chewing this for like an
hour and then all of a sudden she's done
dude I just need some Doritos right now
anyone got a new phone Ian's so you're
okay
see what you did
wait
where's epsxe
giddy with y'all trippin
worse
let's see
with chubby hairy don't forget to eat
more
you
