good morning the force doesn't really
bad if it didn't open
we are now leaving Illinois to go back
home and it's frickin cool
it's been really like rainy it's like
this rain rainy cold everything which is
kind of I'm gonna used to from Florida
but it's just so much colder ready look
at Joan up that's him
I actually got a fun little gift to give
to you guys sounds I'll talk about it
maybe when I get to the airport because
I'm gonna go back inside some freezing
but get something free boy
they're gonna cool what am i waking up
to that is my alarm clock
get on it Apple they'll be she'll be
over there she'll be Wow Wow she's
holding the ball she's learning how to
do it do you see her oh my god that's
amazing
why are we you're a genius Zoey not so
much so he hasn't figured it out yet
let's go Marley that's like freaking
evolution that's like amazing I think
when I started having a tally every time
you get like caught by the every single
time we go through TSA we all get to go
through like normal and with Danny's
stuck there for like another 30 minutes
hey can I do a survey thing can I do the
thing we're like hey gang in the
comments do I look like I am a black tar
heroin mule that's how we're gonna start
the vehicle apparently I get stopped for
everything since we're flying so much
and we're always complaining that we
can't ever sleep on the plane a company
called deep sea this company right here
sent us a bunch of they're basically
natural sleep aids they have melatonin
in it they send us a whole bunch of them
so I'm gonna try this on the plane and
see how much of a good night's sleep I
get and then I'll let you guys know
actually the good news if you go to deep
sea grit on air on the screen if you go
there you can get a free sample they're
giving a bunch of free samples as a to
you guys on CTFxC and then if you guys
like it you can use a coupon coupon
sorry you say coupon it there's no wine
cute
I know it's coupon code if you use the
coupon code Trippi on the checkout you
get 40% off so this is something they're
just giving you guys I thought that we
would be really you know interested in
this so if I actually take melatonin so
this is actually right up my alley
because you know when you take something
like a natural sleep aid versus like
ambien or anything like that you always
wake up really groggy groggy you know
like with a prescription
or even like the search with an N and
that sounds like quail you know what I
mean
if you just take that kind of stuff you
wake up really groggy you don't what I'm
talking about right you get that groggy
feeling in the morning you just but if
you take stuff like a but you know
melatonin just wake up and you're super
pumped and you know you don't have that
feeling so if you go too deep z.com go
check it out guys you can go get a free
sample
and they'll ship it right to you take
all you have to do is pay shipping just
hanging out back there oh I guess we
should know where we're going right
there we go there we go so go check it
out guys and thank you so much to the
guys that deep Z for sending this to us
because I can't sleep on planes I cannot
sleep I know it's time to go to sleep
the brown pill or the brown pill I think
we all know it's all-natural guys that's
why trying to go to bed let's do it yeah
natural heroin all right we're gonna see
how this works
those are one of those presearch things
this first edition how much house can I
afford really really all right I guess
is what happens when my dad puts golf on
television the girls just pass out I'm
Zoey lay the fuck knows
you
that is that was by far the best plane
ride I've ever had I never ever sleep on
a plane and that just knocked me out
you knocked me I do fall asleep is that
appropriate the world snake must be the
answer the only answer it's wrong how
did you how did you sleep I slept great
I woke up tonight carrying fantasy in my
ears awesome you're gonna be a dancer
now you're gonna use they'll do it side
dancing do you dance you teach them big
dance what's a naked dance well Danny
can whoa whoa whoa all right Lauren
speed over here so we were walking in
and the guy was just like hey hey sir
could you just bring this to the plane
for me this is everything everything I
used to not take identified bags from
strangers
doesn't have to do it right you're being
Punk'd yeah you're an ass where is he
what's the weather like in Bradenton
Florida I'm sorry I'm having trouble
with the network called it hey do you
wanna ride better my dad this one moving
this one right here happen like a
hundred times
do do do do do dodo do dodo dodo dodo
dodo dodo
did it do do dodo dodo dodo dodo dodo
dodo dodo good having fun yeah good yeah
okay whoa
it's the only dog that everybody's
Marley hide Toby Toby you've been
cleaning
Amerika Amerika
nachtmahr lay down my very very first
base wow it is in bad shape that sounds
great it's like very first one was I
like sixth grade that's awesome and this
is my American jazz bass very nice and
there's another one somewhere here's
four oh my god here is my old guitar
case or bass case well Star Wars this is
the other one graphite neck yeah no this
is the all one it's unibody see oh it's
all one piece one piece is one my
favorite vases Joey
trying to eat a cat mo what do you want
what do you want this is like the
coolest cat in the world mo is it
looking as matching Marley collars but
he's like you can beat him up like a dog
because he grew up with Tyson and Kobe
yeah you're hardcore dude you're
hardcore Oh what are you doing what are
you trying to eat are you trying to eat
the Internet shake no come on really
don't be this there'll be a cat be a dog
I I know right he can do it you've seen
it shake shake shake mo oh hi I'm Colby
have you seen my face my new like me
Kobe space which go he's faced Kobe's
face where's Kobe's face
yeah nobody leave me alone everybody
leave me alone
it's zombie Winnie the Pooh
there we go oh you don't care anymore
you got scared you heard that kitchen
what is that so weird already guys tell
me oh hi kitchen you done playing with a
printer all right good night
I'm gonna go to bed are you addicted I
was been playing video games on our
phone all day no I only have one mission
there are no new missions available I
have one mission left I'm at level 15 in
this game and I feel ridiculous
this is exactly why this is exactly why
I didn't want Ally I'd have an iPhone
she's too addicted she plays one game
she beats it like like within a day and
the dogs going to bed a couple days all
right everyone's got bad anyway so it's
good to be home guys and I'm just gonna
get the get some sleep right now
oh and there's a bunch more tour dates
coming up so maybe tomorrow I'll get
everything confirmed I'll let you guys
know and yeah hopefully I'll see you
guys out there it's been that last last
show was amazing it was so much fun but
I'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
to check out the the stuff in the video
description and good night guys see
tomorrow the secret phrase is there is
no secret phrase which in turn is a
secret phrase so we do have a secret
phrase which is there is no secret
phrase
yes
with child tripping
within early
