we're here again ready already going to
Illinois annoy all right intro time
alright snake you're not carrying
anything like that are ya we just got
word that the guys are stuck in traffic
so we're gonna go on this plane and then
they're gonna get on that planet there's
a big giant hair on that lens right
there I'll screw it there we go much
cleaner
so Billy are you doing no shave november
i think i am i can't really I can't
really grow much of a beard but I gonna
shine there what about you Yoshi I've
been shaved all year hunter is getting
in at 44 and then drive and Danny are
three so we're still good we're still
good right now actually I was in line
for food and there was this dude okay do
you guys remember like I think there
were preschool toys or somebody will
called Weeble wobbles it was basically
like I don't know like a teardrop thing
and basically push him and they wouldn't
fall over there's a dude in front of me
who looked just like identical to a
weeble wobble and the entire town was
thinking myself likes big in my head
like an excuse to push him and see if in
fact you fall over identical you guys
remember those Weeble wobbles okay girls
so we're gonna work on stay I have my
two cookies here stay stay I'm gonna put
on the ground stay stay leave it girls
stay stay okay kid Marley you ate la
Miley you a both of them is always like
what the heck happened all right so you
get to that was so freaking mean good
girl you leave it there you're good you
are bad bad Marley you are such a little
a hole you okay we did this three times
before I filmed you doing it and you
didn't aunt on the camera when I was
rolling you went for Zoe's that was true
she just went for her so that I would
get confused and not know what to do
when she thanked you for both of that
I'm sorry cute right he is adorable let
me see your mouth show me teeth yeah
Dusty's birthday for calling you right
now just doing my shit up yeah I'm Sam
oh my god is she hurt happy birthday to
you answer your freakin phone but I
would oh my gosh this is what my base is
gonna be doing in a second if you don't
catch it Billy we're gonna catch it we
got to catch it
I i see no base I don't know what kelapa
it's like Christmas Eve my ears finally
came I don't have to use your she's
headphones every single time writing
it's exciting once I open in Jesus okay
no she can handcuff handcrafted it only
took three molds no big deal Atlantic to
there we go your stick to really your
bubbles and yours yep color did I get
there you go black we have 22 yeah i did
good luck hi sweet just like sea bed of
lies yeah it's like transparent a black
transparent put him in for the man how
do you prevent your hair huh he goes
behind your ear the cable is in that it
kind of bends which dad yep yeah like
tilting forward until the back tell them
for them sigmar right here red is for
right left
oh that's weird oh that is weird okay
after a while it kind of breaks into you
don't want to fall asleep in those no
dude that would like destroy your
eardrums sweet it's awesome in the
earrings I can't hear a thing what else
we got in here oh yeah that's pretty
sweet now I don't have to keep using
snakes pics and losing them constantly
that's pretty cool pretty healthy before
the wedding and there's freaking candy
everywhere candy everywhere sku you stop
it no no no I will not do it I won't let
it want to ride in the front seat of the
car you have to say shotgun but here's
how you say it you know shut a sharda my
dad sunny I'm doing on your face it's so
funny you're in a time machine do the
noise
look at you there are so many dennis's
how many Dennis's do you see you want to
look as it was scared if I mean all
right I see myself over here like
where's waldo I you can see part of me
in the background good dad briefly ah we
just lost it there's the arch
waiting through my based oh jeez was
this today this was the last time
through our bags again yo she got it on
camera once again you guys want to see
it here it is
did you guys see my basis chillin
chillin right there has everyone that ok
a general ok unanimous vote right here
is that allowed what that guy was doing
throwing the bags like that no what do
you guys think too far Yoshi you seem to
like get it every single you see every
time like yo she would go like this and
then hide it go back and forth oh that's
so Western we're in illinois right yes I
was Illinois so this Illinois guys
what's a field
lots and lots of fields
I've relation is 1300 1300 people though
second there we go if you build it he
will come okay let's put yes you look
great you look great I'm actually does
look bad on you did that's good old
Irishman you look fine play a game
called named Matt composer are you ready
who is this okay there's one more that
you can try to guess you ready right
here who is that I'm not even gonna tell
you the answers you have to find out for
yourself Qasim I didn't know you were a
model what's out of place here she's a
no-show they got down the quick stop hey
we had to always 1,700 people in this
town no this is like the intersection it
was like yeah I'll meet you down it
though the dance and Sun teachers are on
strike while we are the university
somebody who's paying that guy this is a
pretty nice arena right here this is
really nice huge
it's just a tiny bit this is gonna be
fun to play
without this man Danny would be able to
play these drums say I'm good at what I
do yeah I did not expect this and this
is a man that make sure Kohli Travis
hunter and myself don't look like fools
on stage more than we already do thing
is so yeah it's real yeah not gonna like
is really really exciting
then you have ever played ever in my
music career is amazing that's very late
Sunday woman perfect music for the city
Oh what yeah yeah that's good hey
happened this is what all all of us old
people need come to florida we get the
word sweet and this is just as good b/c
I think I left the house this morning in
a mad dash to get to the airport and i
realized i'm wearing my wife's pets
little pockets guys he's a little
everything not made for the male
physique it's pretty impressive though
that you guys actually fit right in
there you know most guys can't say they
can do that a masculine of me know
that's it comfortably and repair my
wife's pantalones right out another one
of those days having to upload the vlog
while i was doing sound check i think
what would be an encounter a lot of
hey 22 hey hey okay that Scott's phone
got a phone call there Scott since we've
been doing all these I are you cold
there oh sit we're going to do it all
there's campus college campuses I'm
gonna start playing a new game we're
always that you just walk around right
we just walk around we try to guess the
mascot by the crazy stuff we see like
for example obviously there's some sort
of cat I don't know what would you think
Panther cougar oh good call I'm gonna
say like a panther maybe I've had their
whole dog good a great bull dog that
could be a dog friend new game welcome
to the University of Illinois will we
scare the crap out of you throughout the
mascot is a creeper well there's no more
leaves on the trees anymore
Oh
you
Oh
you're Zeke oh yes because she's Latoya
look she's rocking iphone one still
working on yo you know the best one in
the world and a sharpie that was a look
at oh he's bras everywhere there was
like 15 bras I don't know where the
other ones are Billy were the rest of
the bras you didn't touch unfortunately
I did I was running by and I grabbed
when I just threw it like this and
landed right on Travis's literally
landed right on his shoulder and it's
the second you notice at the second and
landed on his shoulder when I threw it
like 15 more just like flying up on him
yeah never so cause it's crazy good show
carbondale that was awesome welcome to
good burger home of the good burger can
I take order when is that it there
something i say i think yeah I think
it's it let me hang on the line where
there's nothing you go thank you that's
it yeah that's all I know I can't
remember where we going six snakes
brother we had a girl come on stage and
just tell everybody at the concert to go
to this random bar or club and we're
gonna coach just hang out I guess no
we're gonna go market here we're there I
show you the proud not gonna let us say
it's gonna be two past missing a beat he
just like did you get your nails done
and Coley's like yeah I just got a
manicure and they been hundred out was
slop without missing a beat was just
like
regarde carbondale place in battle
illinois right Carbondale place in
battle Illinois driving through the
state of Illinois and admiring all all
the trophies of rusted farm equipment
and old broken-down cars while these
fellows back here are completely passed
out there's nothing I know if we broke
down make me dead they like obviously
stranded or like you know like maybe
have to I guess I guess you wouldn't
it's the dead we'd be dead you know it's
like little those creepy things because
there's all these cornfields I just feel
like a corn fields kind of creepy cuz
ampa like asking
how many scary movies and or start
organs
i canna for children of the corn 134 she
shed it looks like a freaking zombie
movie then while walking fish in a
zombie rolling a suitcase oh I'm sure
he's got all his belongings it's
important for a zombie to always look
fashionable what we made it Danny and I
got us here a lot we have three hours
and we're going home great the
impossible we did
see what you did
wait
where's epsxe
which all trippy
to be married don't forget
you
