that's Marley Marley shower that you
don't like lock doors
I don't think it's like about the locked
doors I just think she wants cat food
right now it finally got in you good
right there you good it's okay actually
just hold her really quick I want to
show him this
Marley does if you just touch look it if
you barely even touch her she does the
like Elvis snarl not even I'm not even
touching her it's so funny Oh what up
New Year's you guys want to see
something really really strange I was
trying to upload the vlog from yesterday
right and you know they always do the
thumbnails as it's kind of processing so
as you can see there's the vlog right
but I have no idea what this is I have
no idea what this is that's the intro
and I have no idea what this is and this
is just after the intro I so I have no
idea what's going on do YouTube just
combine videos or something cuz I have
no idea what these people are or what
this is it's very weird so I'm a
complete idiot and I forgot a bunch of
important paperwork up in Tampa so I'm
driving back home right now and then
driving all the way back down here and
having a meeting later this evening but
you know what so I was getting a haircut
I'm gonna go drive but I'm gonna talk to
you guys for a little bit how's it going
because guys every other day
hate riving that's why not that's why I
never drive that's why I'm always in
this seat and Ali's driving let's hate
it it's a board a folk is Canada there
we go so why does my hair look so dumb
you might ask well I'm on my way to get
a haircut right now I'm very excited
it's the last haircut that I'll be
getting before the wedding oh my gosh
I'm sorry that I keep talking about it
but I'm so excited
summer does not want me to tell her
anyway the process is very it is we
secretly love each other mom turn around
yes there you go Oh
pull your hair back in a ponytail
tomorrow's our show in Carbondale
Illinois so if you guys I guess I don't
know if it's open to the public or not
but if it is make sure to come I guess
you can look at all the information on
the way the King site right now I need
to like figure out how I'm gonna start
letting you guys know like once the
shows aren't so sporadic once we have an
actual tour I'll let you know like the
whole South America thing we're gonna
have dates and stuff and I expect to see
all you Brazilians and sounds American
people rocking out and all that fun
stuff maybe you guys to teach me Oh
speaking Portuguese or something because
I can't speak I barely have English down
guys okay go for it
okay that'll play better
yes
Charlie little headbands that have like
really thick bangs that is so you can
makes me see what I hear color with a
fight against your skin
mom get another one yeah go oh my god
hello home hello fishies
I just gave you guys lots of food cuz
your skin you need to go on a diet fish
that fish is totally way too skinny oh
man I was so starving this is all we
have look at the randomness okay so we
have water we have eggs we have one
coconut water but that's it literally we
have one one coconut water that's kind
of funny some some water some guacamole
and some yogurt and some condiments I
think I can make something delicious out
of that
like
okay comment she just thought I would
pick up ahjussi a minute you do oh my
boy back in the road you know when you
drink something that's really really
cold let's say I don't know milkshake or
iced coffee or anything that's really
cold
do you guys cough a lot after ordering
like every jump every time I do that I
feel like I'm like the only one in the
world I feel like I'm so weird is ever
gonna do that I was just looking at me
like are you dying over there
no I don't like it no it doesn't go to
my playlist
it looks really pretty
she wanted to braid it and I don't know
if she oh you need a shower that's you
this house and it smelled like friggin B
oh you're gonna put that in your mouth
hate that you put that in your mouth I'm
gonna eat all of it that is what it is
if it smells like that what does it
smell like that it's your upper lip oh
you're funny I was like that I can smell
it dramatic pepper
it smells like body odor from someone
who is not showered in a week and a half
I'm not gonna tell you how I would know
what that smells like
but I do hey remember last year Ali
tried no swearing November and got today
what was a day - you're gonna try it
again this year yeah I mean well okay
now it officially starts I may have
already screwed up but let's just
starting now no I mean I tweeted about
it yesterday I said something like let's
try and no swear in November let's do
this then I was like oh wait let's try
it now that's that wasn't funny trying
to make me angry so that I swear okay
yeah oh my incentive is that I get to
the shirts that I want oh I didn't agree
to this
what do I get yeah Oh horrible all right
said no swears November again just like
last year in the comments how many days
you think it Ali's gonna last with no
swear November today so glad that my own
mother has so much faith in my to do
with faith it's how well I know you
honestly I don't remember you guys might
have to go back into the last November I
think you may have lasted maybe a few
hours yeah I think you gave up a
mulligan you gave me one Mulligan you
have four Mulligan's I had four
Mulligan's last year anyway all right
make your guesses down we're gonna have
like a alley pool right now
I don't know story November gambling is
illegal look at always there for those
two years ago
look at the shirt we're in the shirt now
look how cute we are look there's Marley
this was right after we got engaged old
Christmas right mm-hmm
let me not I don't know Marley's just
wearing it with Santa Claus what do you
guys think shall I get our hair short
like that again you mean it's not bubble
bubble it lifts up higher so you can see
your face there we go I'm flipping out I
have a gray hair I don't know if you can
see it it's like right there oh right
there mm-hmm oh yeah I can't tell what
is it
well rhymes with pit it starts with SH
come on No
yeah you sure sorts of F H yeah any
words what do beavers what do beavers
make saying on context you say in that
context if I say beavers build and then
I say the word then you don't want to
say you're afraid like if I said on my
farm we have 12 asses
that means donkeys or if I say beavers
build dams that's completely normal
we'll get her we'll get her eventually
is to take urine from a bitch in heat
that's the right context oh look at that
bitch is doing ice work she's not
because she's neutered or spayed
would you leave his food alone please so
what happened
I couldn't get my phone to work and I
said what the fuck is going on so you
literally lasted two hours not even two
hours
yeah you win they won in the comments
guess two hours you won should we ask
the internet if you can have them all
again you guys decide you guys are going
to say you guys are deciding in the
comments if she gets one Mulligan one
redo we'll find out tomorrow if you get
a redo so I have to not swear anyway now
on you have to wait you can't swear
until tomorrow until they make a
decision you it's up to you guys one
that's you who just got out of a meeting
right now and it's a really super late
it's 12 o'clock this is the latest
meeting I've ever had but it was worth
like a friend so it's like it was a
productive meeting anyway how many times
I just say meeting you guys even hear me
I gotta turn to put the window up yeah
so I got a I got to go home and pack
because we leave tomorrow morning
already it's just a quick night I'll see
you guys tomorrow we're playing in
Illinois so I got to get some sleep
All Right see you guys tomorrow good
night
words
giddy with child trippy
with trippy an early
you
