all right sorry word he's gone from
smart where's it from every time I get a
package I love letting him do this cuz
it's kind of this week so crazy like the
smells where's it from Zoey see good
smell good
yeah good morning
yeah gimme some that techno beat oh yeah
great job how's this excellent
beat up the beat Charlie you suck at
life okay play play fine and play Devo
your head doesn't even fit you have a
shit you should have listen guys I
really love them don't worry about it
play the opening part of jingle bells
100 times turn it up alright you play
I'll play I'll do oh my god hey you want
to see how OCD Ally is are they biggest
the smallest out of the bag you
organized them I find a little pieces
for ya organizing over there yeah don't
get mad at me that's him
oh yeah she loved it
you want to join us come on
all right can't make a dog decision not
a cat decision let's go faster what are
you doing oh that's nice
and there's Marly taking the dump to the
back hey kitchen I'm gonna need some
grass again you're such an odd cat
all right well weird got though I feel
like this is Steve Jobs last like final
joke right here
what are you everyone's doing this
trying to get the directions to work
there in public and you just let go hold
on I got any corrections now I don't
mind me I'm just getting directions I'm
not crazy
yeah there we go got directions this is
like looking down on earth and just
laughing his ass off right now I got
I'll look at him Merc fuel some dual
America plate you're gonna bald eagle to
watch you fill up a Merc I have to
address something you guys I'm actually
kind of sad to give you this news but um
I lost Ally she's she's missing and I
thought she I had just dropped her off
she's heard her Melissa going shopping
for makeup and I obviously do not want
to do this that I need to upload the
vlog but no I do have some bad news
wanna hear it I just tell you the bad
news try to tell you the bad news then
the good news bad news is I will not be
able to do no Shave November because of
the wedding so that's the bad news
that's the good news
is it because you know I've done it's
sad because I've got no shaved number
November for three or I think it's like
three or four years now I know obviously
since the wedding is on the 20th that's
gonna be full swing Charles beard
Charles hobo beard you guys remember
look look through all my videos through
the the month of November of last year
the year before that and etc it got
pretty Haggard so I promised that I
wouldn't do it cuz you know that mean I
could just spill water I just dumped it
all over the place but what I wanted to
do is just ask you guys nay I wanted to
beg you guys to do no-shave November or
Movember for me I want you to say aye
then your name pledge to grow a big
bushy beard and Charles's honor okay I
need you to do that just tell me in the
comments if you plan on doing Movember
or No Shave November say I pledge I
blank don't write blank blank is where
you put your name I wonder how many able
to see the I blank
pledges that do no Shave November I just
need you guys to do this for me just you
know so I don't go crazy I feel like I
want to be part of No Shave November and
if you guys do it then if enough of you
guys do it then I feel like I'll you
know I'll be part of it that's the good
News oh the other good news is we're
going to South America yeah we're the
kings is gonna be touring South America
in January so that's two good news is
for one bad news deal this thing did you
get some new eyeliner we just wanted to
Mack and I'm wearing zero makeup so it's
pretty ridiculous right now I mean
actually that's a lie I put on I lied to
even a net just now I lied I found some
mascara while we were there but I kind
of walked in and I was like because
everyone in there is like fully made up
like oranges you guys have ever been to
Mac they're wipes smells so good in it
after we let it just really baby wipes
remember yeah really good after we left
I was like Ali I don't understand what
it is but something smells so good just
thickens the wipes your hair and you're
like oh I do
oh and that hold still internet in
Manila you guys want to see something
random does anyone remember this guy can
anyone remember him anyone at all
so what I keep a photo of Mayor McCheese
on my phone doesn't everyone
don't look at me with those judgmental
eyes I can do it right back grab find me
okay the big thing is with Star Wars
movies and I'll probably go a flat for
this but the the new ones are what the
prequel ones like one two and three need
the ones with the new ones
they were the worst ones
I think in my opinion I don't know I'm
probably got a lot of flack with the
Star Wars nerds like what those
I really you know the thing is to about
like Star Wars and they're probably a
more flat but I feel like we're never
gonna see like a definitive Star Wars
they're loading me like a change until
George Lucas gets bored or dies or
something like that does that yeah I'm
like afraid like every time they
released some new Star Wars there's some
weird change it just changed the movie
you don't I mean am I alone on that like
every time I watch like yeah yeah yeah
wait why is there freaking I don't know
something else that they just added that
person walking
I hope
because it kind of looks weird I'm
forget I'm like hunched over like
talking about still weird oh my god this
might be way better this was gonna be
way better
you guys want to know how you know
you're marrying the right person I want
to know when you when you call them and
you're like hey which which star wars
should I get right and then you leave
because you know they didn't answer
their phone and then you're you're
driving away and then they go hey which
uh which star wars you end up buying and
then you reply oh I didn't get it
because you know you didn't respond to
the text message quickly quick enough
I'm actually left to store and then they
reply you better turn around and go get
it
gotta love a girl love Star Wars right
right guys
right Princess Leia gold bikini what
what I told him oh you made me go back
and get it hey hey wait wait no no no no
no let me open that let me open that you
always do that I always get a movie and
then you always like trying to take a
minute oh oh oh yeah this is turning
into like a Star Wars I swear this is
Matt Stuart advertisement no you give it
to me what did you Dennis did we killed
the camera bones
Oh God give it to me you don't need this
No turn the camera uh-huh I need
documentation if you try to kill me I'll
think of one blade slice you up Zoey
sicker stop looking at reflections I
posted something about Instagram and
Danny said that Zoey loves him and that
if she had an Instagram it would be full
of pictures of him and then somebody out
replied me and said if Zoey had an
Instagram it will be full of pictures of
walls
just imagine of Zoe on Instagram it
would just be wall wall wall wall
what would Marley have just like
squirrels or something cat poop
it was lipid gourmet cat poop I like oh
you were just saying that and Zoe's in
the background eating a wall
oh geez that's mean no look at she gets
so sad her here went back up I'll give
you a treat you can see basically count
how many times you hear a Happy New Year
amigos
she's preparing for 2012 get it I'll get
it
how'd you turn it on so what's up moving
is that it's fun do you not see it the
big giant bolt of red braid underneath
you you looking right at it
nope now you're looking at a headless
rabbit you're crazy dude
see it now
worse yet
giddy with child tripping
would be an ally
