there we go hello everyone and that
really was called hands gonna mean
they're just getting smaller and smaller
make your own galaxy fly and go um
Wilma dice yeah it's really cool but it
is kind of want to do it which one he
wants galaxy or bleared definitely
galaxy what am I thinking
you guys digging my lack of poem over
hair I started realizing that my hair
was being so long I started looking like
a comb-over so I had to get a head back
even when they comb over anybody will
forget well I don't know in the morning
I'd wake up and I'd literally look at
myself like oh it's time very hard times
and now I feel better
this is like day 45 or part 45 a baby
showers but it's hard to do technically
Ally's already planned like for baby
showers in the past like two or three
months seen babies actually don't talk I
move with having babies is annoying if I
go like this no not at all I just love
it when you shove a camera in my face
this makes x is the worst threat you get
ever gives away I'm going to eat your
mouth I have an eat your mouth
I'm the crankin cottage of you live in
Yuma so you ready to go back to that
going to Madison you stay here I'm sorry
you stay here bones are you with me come
on though yes sir I'm sorry no suggest
and this is horrible you know I know
this car don't go go go go
so I'm back at it again baby shower
shopping and I remember yeah all the
time
it is not easy less than ever so I think
it's also things I'm gonna have to do
though we're going to be viy there's
cool it's going to make it fun to make
it work which regardless it would be
work but I think it'll be nice I can't
really make it exactly what valentina
and Danny won
so it's a move pretty fun but I didn't
have to get a few things look at it we
are the perfect blend and it's two
coffee cups and in this one says I don't
us one year near oh my gosh literally
come here come here
it's okay I'm just going to give you a
booster you can give you like a
superhero power you're free
yep you don't want to leave I'm a
complete idiot okay two things I left
the keys in the golf cart think I know I
still that and I left it on and I was
supposed to have Marley with me
whoops daddy wait Marta now hi I'm rich
come with me
so you're free what not take that her
but it goes nuts hey come on let's go
get out of here come on
what is this ungodly craziness ahead of
me beside that giant thing of bird poop
it's beautiful earlier and now we have
this crazy storm that I'm driving
directly into a lighter by colliding
with oh god this literally just came out
of nowhere I drove in obviously from
picking the dog to the vet and I looked
out the window and I just saw a few
everywhere okay
litter I'm going to be kidding there's
black clouds from 0 to 60 just flew by
the window felt like and this happened
while we both become
good help
okay
what about you
or Ali tank in the mouth are you doing
oh my god out there am I just fill it up
yeah I was walking oh no it's not
oh look at this fly man look at the sly
man with his brand new toupee I'm
kidding honey I think it was amazing I
started doing some of the vivid
decorations for the baby shower I don't
know why does that why even talk that
way it's been raining I think I have
like cabin fever I started painting
things mid and it's kind of hard to see
because super bright but I'm writing out
such a name and it painted these little
bad boys and I think it's going to look
super cute for the upcoming baby shower
I not naked therefore a worm sounds like
yeah yes what something as far as that I
think that's by his front unless he's
reversing and then I'm gonna try to pick
him up and put him in scaring him what
how scared he is what is he doing the
worm
come here worm or I'm not going to feed
you to a fish or anything
Oh me get him he's gone into the crack I
think he pooped oh that was so you
nursing it University of worm poop what
happened is they go out again
this is just Gaga stop all the mother
effing time oh my god I want to cry ha
ha ha another than that I'm just annoyed
I can't believe it
two days in our I just generator just
went on our neighbor's house yeah I
don't know and then here my favorite
part about this guy's is that I'll get
an estimated time of s news time for
feedback on and then it changes every 15
minutes
well hopefully it doesn't change right
now you know it's so funny it's like I
got really exciting cause it's time you
know we should make something really
crazy and I'm like return exactly what
is this because right now Meghan exists
all no no I'm we freaking power I think
support our egos not only as cool and as
fun as they can do if they feel is my
Milan happens all the time and this is
absurd I want to try to look up
something oh the Internet's work okay
you look creepy yes it does an hour and
a half mm-hmm all the way that he
powered back
although it was kind of freaky like all
of a sudden everything just look at
everything's booting up the Alexus
booting up the modems powering up Ali's
powering down what else was powering up
I can hear things absolutely can hear
things strings like on air-conditioning
Google home so on
oh thank god that only took 20 minutes
that wasn't bad
that's way better I'm wrong with it why
so scared so I've been addicted to
Futurama games and I got the make Holly
really what he's wrong
anything bad grainy yeah okay I want to
show you I made Ali and myself as the
coefficients in Futurama characters okay
so there's Ali an exaggerated version
and there I am and then I made this guy
his name's blurgh and then I made this
guy who's cool McGee and my favorite is
right here char lobe sorry low Z like
our lobe do you name them yeah
that's what your average for trying to
call for the TV and I wanted to come up
with one is very funny but like I can't
think of anything clear we have a Greek
apple tree they will kill you people to
hammer the periodic table dear sir
Olivia newton-john's acquisitive are
within my pink quiz in my channel I add
alibis OS releases breakable these are
mine
maybe ready to win 1635 or $15 and big
storm they show you that we father's
that you're living a sad question number
one
number one box office smash in there -
right now we're going to go with
guardians of the galaxy I completely
forgot Friday me spider-man here now but
this one is neighborhood terms don't get
a certificated in the body of the
busting and post-mortem the big delirium
or I believe that someone at night these
people need a woman home run where the
ad hoc committee over video for one
point bonus will use with your big
penalty to be important to talk to mr.
Harry judge please like about me we got
to see a fancy goblet
we need help internet we don't know what
that is what is that as I am I don't
know if I'd ever get better
I haven't been there either so our team
a comprising self-awareness practice is
reliable building - medical reports or
notes when I look at it normal mother
knowing am I going on here right now at
the camera fail I mean you're going they
first bring them down in fun you're
wondering in one it's not improving life
today actually you tell me what the
answer is we we were able to get power
we're not sleeping in the dark ages
again tonight so I'm going to go play
some pinball and kind of hang out and
watch some more symptoms because it's
all I do someone put some Simpsons
pinball I will see you guys tomorrow as
always hope you have a wonderful night
and enjoy today's video if you did enjoy
the video please don't forget to click
the like button
check out the I and subscribe I'll see
you guys tomorrow
alright take care have a good night
every way
you
you
