am I forgetting anything phone camera
check wallet bags bags let's go home
super early morning drama no yeah it's
up it's early anyway I'm just you know
what I'm gonna start the vlog off of it
with like a really funny story okay
that's kind of gross if you think
farting is gross just get over it you
know everyone farts whatever anyway so I
was editing the vlog yesterday if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog go watch it
but I was I was editing the vlog and for
some reason or another I don't know how
it happened all of a sudden hear this
okay
it's Siri and then all of a sudden out
of nowhere I farted right and Siri
picked it up it goes I'm sorry I could
not find that location just imagine if
like you can like fart into Siri into
your phone and would be able to decipher
it by the style of farts
I don't care what anyone says farts are
funny huh so we're heading home for a
couple days then we're playing I'm
Thursday Cruella De Vil no big deal just
hanging out in the airport okay Richter
will ago I lost there yeah I'm going to
be here for to pick up Charles I think
he's gone on something like ten planes
in the last five days it's something
absurd like that can't wait for them to
see the dogs because the dogs are gonna
freak out when they see char
if you're forgetting it's Halloween keep
seeing all these costumes there we go
all right Ted where are you
come on and say hi up there yeah see you
Thursday Ted I think that was a new
record for me we were on 10 different
flights
thank you the 10 different flight things
did you talk about the the climates all
the clouds we went from like humidity
then we went to snowing then we went to
dry cold and now back to humidity
it's my body's and I like it I like that
about the change the drastic change in
your body I was at TSA right and they
were asking me questions and they're
like so where did you why were you here
and I'm like over playing a show it's
like when did you get here and I like I
hate my jaw was this like I think it was
yesterday and where did you play and I'm
like and they were asking all these
questions and I look so guilty you know
like there's two different types of
security there's the old-school metal
detectors you're on track amount and
then there's ones we have to do the
diamond and then they wrap around you
and they can see your body parts and all
that fun stuff every time every time I'm
always in line for the old-school metal
detector and there's no mine and then
there's a line for the other ones they
always let grandma and grandpa go
through the metal detectors or somebody
else but every time they see me they're
like no you have to go wait in line
every time do do do I look like a punk
dude does this do I do I look
threatening is the threatening face if I
saw you somewhere I would be like the
red eyes
as I put my glasses on so we're home
until Thursday no we're no annoying all
right buddy Marley hi Zoey
so it's alive oh my gosh it's zombie
Chihuahua should we start vlogging with
this yeah old school can assume it's
filmed oh it'd be like hey guys how's it
going just vlogging right now with this
giant you know it's funny I think my mom
had one that's like this it's so bulky
it's better than like the full body
camera though is this any indication of
how much cat food you've been eating it
you know what I'm trying right now I'm
like this is the first time I've ever
had Grey Poupon ever yeah and I just
remember like he has a kid you know it's
part of me do you have any Grey Poupon
20 years later the marketing their
marketing ploy got me it's okay I don't
know if your head Grey Poupon there's a
nasty hot dog that is a birthday hot dog
I feel like Gilligan you are like a bird
oh my lord l for sure what the friggin
way I'm gonna make it so my ears go out
like that then do the thing they'll pull
your thing tight yes 100%
hey little lady oh you look gonna do a
quick Indiana Jones good oh that's dress
you see you know I do that good one
ladies drinking oh he's doing something
he's cleaning his face
why don't go it looks like Marley oh oh
he's Frankie the lizard
raccoons are so cool
they're like the other egg bandits
they're nature's though theme that's why
they have a little band thing dude rocky
raccoon it
where you going dog okay come back here
we found a new trail what are you
looking for a squirrel it's fine
anything you lead in the pack
make sure no spiders and snakes Oh
Sandra oh it's a cool little trail
what's that dog pee on that ah spider
where no it's not your good leader kind
of zigzagging a lot though Zoey come on
captain Wiggles here Gator Gator Gator
Gator Gator you got it
I feel this sign is directly made for
you miss slow-speed
you guys looking for alligators or poop
or something disgusting nice little
alligator hunting spot alright so we're
out to eat with the family and Ally
notice this this food dish okay look at
the drop shadow do you think this is a
photoshopped or legit this one that's
not even on the plate look at this it's
all Photoshop
it's Photoshop fake a real fake a real
guys let me know that I'm sorry
no idea no it's that great thing
come see it's right there almost it's
right there almost a little bit more
behind your head behind no it sounds bad
he did that last time and it literally
shot okay who shot all the way over
there got into her Jesus in my freaking
eye socket I didn't went all the way no
joke see a little right there it went
all the way over there did you hit him
in the head okay ready yeah one two
three well peace maybe just babies
see what you did there I see what you
did there
show me and get up girl and you guys
should know who I am I even have a gold
ring just for
yeah
you don't know who this is do you name
the song whip-it boy what is that that's
yes
with trippy
with Gianelli don't forget
