good morning everyone oh oh
we're clear no more vampires trying to
eat people's faces
I feel like this is the only other
airport they've actually rivaled that of
Sarasota look how small it is this is it
so we're on our way to Detroit I think
we're playing Detroit Michigan with Judy
bang again for the campus campus
invasion last night there was some
amazing costumes you guys liked this
video I know it was a long one but if
you missed yesterday's vlog make sure to
watch it in wisdom tree I want you to
actually make the costume that won the
contest took up six months it's pretty
crazy
I'm not a fan of tiny planes are you
feeling back there Yosh how you feeling
back there
what's he say
keep your head low Janicki pan though
this bathroom is something you like to
add Luigi last night I got stuck waiting
a whole day and it was amazing they're
going to know that this year today we're
gonna send the spicy meatball you know
one of them you know in LA and I get to
do with the phone you know I'm gonna
make another fan I love it to do the
whole thing the whole thing unfold again
I get like a default daily time for
what the heck
this is pretty freakin cool
I guess it is Rock City Detroit Rock
City right very psychedelic
alright Detroit here we are
this is a pretty sweet airport the guy
back there I think you I think you
almost hit him actually
literally driven by at least 15 of these
giant power trucks
I guess because is it because of what's
going on up there and I'm tired all the
power outages because they they've had
it was like I guess a record was it a
record for snow in October that what I
was sorry North Eastham a you guys had
snowy days unexpected and I think my
brother may or may not have gone outside
the bathing suit so that's that's pretty
ridiculous out I mean seriously just
lines up on lines upon the lines upon
the lines of power trucks that's like
all of these for up for the next mile
are you whining are you whining I like
that too I am so me when I'm hungry
am I mean when I'm hungry I mean I mean
anyway but I'm really okay so we're
eating we've been taking a little break
from the merge that's pretty much all
we've been doing all day today is
spelling where I've been doing this
exact motion
it's a beautiful choreography
huh it's stuck who checked the bottle of
water come on
how do I get that out feeling gonna get
in trouble
ah
oh no no turning
that's gotta fail what do you think the
story is with that thing
but probably gonna die
oh yeah
bored at some point
it's really weird seen some of the
abandoned buildings like everywhere like
completely gone it's like downtown
Buffalo the same thing yeah it goes down
just another brick wall now we're
playing the majestic fun fact this is
actually I wasn't this Harry Houdini's
last show or performance was at this
place back in the day oh now you know
all right now I'm gonna make sure the
video gets uploaded while we're sound
checking you got to make sure I don't
want to relive the hey this is a really
cool thing see you guys I'm desperately
trying to get this up to you we're in
the middle of soundcheck only things to
go stop me is really really slow
internet which apparently we have a lot
of quick the streets on fire it's kind
of odd de jour just has this like real
like like ghost town feeling so think
everything is just like all these
buildings that are abandoned
I got over there that one over there
well not that one that one down there
anybody on the internet has your
prescription don't worry about it today
was an Aaron's kind of day we got a lot
done though we were just rearranging
everything taking out some garbage and
basically just organizing the Casa it's
pretty nice
my mom is like a clean of organization
so she helped me out today
I learned from the best that's right
that's right
butter fire that's how a real man eats
chicken how do we do it
I wanted to kind of walk around before
the show but everyone said I shouldn't
do it and there's really nowhere to go
so I don't know if you guys know if any
cool things to do in Detroit next time
we come back I'll try to do it like well
you know we're waiting cuz there's a lot
of time we have to kill in the green
room I just want to wander off right now
so help me out help entertain me next
time we're here
she murdered the freakin Taco Bell dog
get it I came home after organizing some
of the stuff in our house and I was
really really excited to see the dogs
and I thought that they were really
excited to see me but I was eating
something and I went to sit down on the
couch and Marley came over and was doing
that thing where she barks at me because
I'm not paying attention to her so as
soon as I leaned over to kiss her she
goes right for my fingers and for what's
inside my mouth like she doesn't even
care that I'm home she just wants the
food right Marley that's what you're all
about the comida are you eating now you
look you are trouble you look like
trouble look at your face
so I gave the girls a tiny bit of eggs
and they are they have been moving there
but they've literally changed places
about five times already pushing their
bowls around Oh Marley finding what
finally wedged it into a wall I think no
they're still pushing them around guys
are out of control
gotta go this way ooh I'm going this way
you guys are gonna end up in China yeah
did you know we were I don't think it
was recording though snake almost
tackled somebody on the stage but then
you were nice then you were like nah
well I went for him and he smiled at me
right
and I was like pointed like come on
let's go he's like all right cool and
I'm like all right I turn around then
they jumped Hey
Joe later the kicks are on the face
she's all mad it was really bad actually
dude it was like almost a fight over it
I'm just sitting there like my mom is
like you don't mess with Snake Eyes
never mess with snake I just looked over
my thumb and apparently I'm bleeding
again there again yeah I know
a little bit not bad it's not bad you
having fun over there all right I'll see
you tomorrow let me to God I don't
understand how you eat that
it smells like butthole you're laughing
cause it's true
tell them what we call egg salad in this
household we call it half so why is that
thank you very much for once I win all
right yeah okay ass hey Brad it's your
birthday happy birthday dude you my
body's an old guy so whose birthday was
not it isn't Halloween it's Halloween
now stand up against the ironing board
that way it looks like it's hanging
who's in your bill that's the opposite
of funny fix it Billy
okay so the era keeps going on and off
and his face is dropped exactly like
what happened on stage with a guy just
like a lute like eluded you Ernie guys
this is going to be the end of this leg
of the mtvU tour we got more we're
playing Carbondale Illinois I think that
might be the last one there's a bunch of
other dates I should should I actually
start putting the tour dates in the
video description is that something that
you guys would like to see or should I
put on the website or something let me
know just tell me what you guys want me
to do it's about one o'clock I want to
at least get four hours of sleep it's
been it's been fun this has been the
last few shows I've been really fun as
you saw today we for just just because
it was a college show we thought would
be really fun to do jimmy world's the
middle and you know i love
Jimmy well it's always fun to like play
bands that you know are you were really
truly inspired by let's look at gloomy
Detroit cool view I hope buildings that
your baby Empire State Building well
it's actually a fish of Ho okay so
secret phrase happy Halloween just spam
happy Halloween and I feel like we've
showcases enough Halloween costumes
maybe we'll do something tomorrow but
that's the secret face I just hit myself
in the face I do that uh I'm so tired
oh I'll see you guys tomorrow and don't
forget to click thumbs up if you smiled
during the video you did you don't lie
you did you're smiling right now you're
smiling right now if you're not
thumbs up for frowning yeah brownie
McGhee
yes
with trippy
you
