wait wait this is your phone this is you
right now I just walked outside I was
like what is all that white stuff all
over that car and I'm like oh yeah
we're in Colorado still so Internet have
you ever heard of the conspiracy
theories about Denver Airport what
actually what was it
Travis it was two years hey this is
gonna be hard for me to say we don't
something like I've there's a length of
thesis right now but there's aliens
underneath us right now it's a
government facility that was that was
built they've closed down its old
airport very weird
independent contractor company and built
a whole bunch of stuff but nothing
changed at the airport so they're
wondering what what they did differently
and nobody was same thing and then they
built this brand new airport before
anyone
like and in order to kind of cover up
there
google it google it it's pretty
interesting stuff yeah what we're trying
to say is that there's aliens in cave
the circle right now they're actually
flying play kitchen
what are you doing this here take a
little pause oh oh she's biting me oh oh
time travel
that's not the doors are closing
all right oh my eyes right now you see
this you know this is really cool though
I like this because it's like you guys
are on tour with us so you guys give the
seed and go through all the D Devers so
yeah we're heading over to South
Carolina we have a Halloween acoustic
show we're gonna try to dress up and
just gonna find some costumes and stuffs
nope I'm gonna go to bed look at this we
might all have our own bed seats we're
just hoping these don't fill up oh this
is way better
we got beds now you say the brakes work
ladies and gentlemen welcome to
progestin International Airport because
local top pick how do you want earlier
when he was known as the little girl and
he was like harden please
ready brush turkey
the one from Sarasota
is a card everyone
we're flying upside-down today you guys
do not want to fly up sit down
fuck
you're on a plate that they did
something like that
you're nuts dude
god you're crazy oh my god oh really
brushes how that perfect pitch
weeping again I just got word that
located an aircraft we really can get a
part for this aircraft we're going over
there listing anything / button
alright here's a fun story here's a fun
story soon when I filmed Yoshi drooling
I was laughing so hard I backed up and I
spilled my drink all over the guy
sitting next to me I look back and then
he spilled on him ok but you didn't get
cut off though right no I just shit in
it she kept feeding me drinks I was like
the best plate ever it was so good it's
closed off I'm Saki vodka
why are you sucking that entire whiskey
he spilled a nice build
we just then allowed in first class
anymore holy shit drive like oh my god
you smell like this so we're frantically
checking our bags right now because we
caught a couple people throwing our
stuff onto the plane
so hopefully everything's ok woah see
that toss scooter
Oh God like yelling through the window
no don't do that 360 flip in the air
that okay
the acoustics getting Brisbane is an A+
kiddo
whoa see that toss scooter did nice hey
Plus kiddo
Joey fuck Joey he has a good side way
she doesn't walk straight she's like I
don't
yeah she just stands there yeah thank
you
my dad is jamming out there let's go
listen what's going on here mom you're
getting rid of it would you like to hear
let's see people just like let's see if
you can just see inside there what it
looks like a little no let's turn it
yeah yeah listen it's a science project
no probably hasn't all been up to does
it no no it's all right you can keep the
corn touching that dude you're sick it's
really pretty here is the main street I
guess better remember it I'm staying
here
oh my god I love this city here's that
I'm the only one still awake everyone
else fell asleep I think it's because I
had the hole open open bro I just use it
as a bed yeah everyone's pretty much
asleep I'm just gonna go walk around I'm
in South Carolina wait
so I mean where am I I think Greenville
group Burnsville they said always like
we're involved in it's Greenville like
Greenville South Carolina
two set of Carolina at Carolina everyone
says that do not picking that up but
yeah we're in Greenville yeah it's like
1000 not like I mean two different
cities as you guys already know and just
being a complete tourist check it out
look at I just randomly stumbled upon
now those people just laying right over
there forget when they see stuff like
this this guy live the beach we're all
the guys as you can see right here I
have a death grip on this thing just in
case I drop it oh my god oh my god these
are like death stares like ancient Mayan
ruin we are on our way to get some whoa
whoa whoa we're on our way to get some
lunch
I'm sorry I thought mine was disgusting
oh crap I meant to throw it away today
along with my dead flowers you this is
just this is perfect Halloween decor
like zombie zombie we that's exactly
right
Halloween City it's a city of Halloween
like the day Oh yep that's it that's
what I'm doing that's what I'm doing
hey hot stuff what you doing oh you're
eating I'm sorry I don't mean to be rude
yeah I think I want to be
Hillary Clinton so are you gonna wear a
trippy shag wig I think you should go
for it
look of the name are you excited we just
got some amazing Halloween costumes I'm
not gonna show you what they are yet oh
you just fell you're gonna be those
girls that are funny enough I know right
we're going for the like we're nerds and
we cannot be like the cute hot ones on
Halloween so that's all right holy crap
look at that that is I had to come back
this is just insane I mean this is what
I you know the root system of a tree
looks like it's unbelievable
thank you see me like two people got
that right and now we'll be able to
continue the day after a couple shots of
espresso this is Christian I'm just
gonna pan over to his shirt really quick
okay he saw that I've tweeted I was just
walking up and he actually came out and
tried to find me and he did dad you want
to say hi to your sister yeah my sister
Chloe Rodriguez she wanted me to say you
know what he found me for you there we
go and this is Morgan hi my cousin Kelly
and Angela there we go I'm singing
somebody CTFxC ears and your nose is
awesome about Cole brother I've been
walking around hour and a half with my
coffee it's still still freezing what
are you doing cleaning out windows
making fingerprints
oh I see Dumb and Dumber and scooby-doo
that's what they're yelling wait do your
best impression of max max hello there
so today's shows an acoustic show and I
I guess I didn't see the email saying
that we have a costume I don't have to
have costumes but everyone else is
you're going as Kid Rock and then Travis
is a penguin well Cole is not gonna
probably dressed up video anyway so I'm
trying to but that's him yeah yeah I can
carry a quarter and a hammer I would be
a quarter pounder okay all right it gets
better
we're all black and put a postage stamp
on it put on your chest
what are you black male dress in all
black tie a shot glass around your neck
what are you
shot in the dark put a pillow on your
belly
what are you sure really don't know
pregnant and this is the one I think I'm
gonna go as I know it's I think it's
like all of these and it's like pregnant
wear normal clothes and make a sign that
says new to sunstrike think that's do
you think that could work right I think
that's a daily like gym yeah I know but
I mean I'm drink I don't know what to do
for everyone wondering why the vlog was
late yesterday this is what I'm dealing
with
what are you watching doing some
groundwork right there
that is really creepy they just came
through the door like that
that's Kid Rock there's a real cigar
place to down this street there we go
dude came through high five on that one
yes oh he's worried I was gonna go gonna
tell you okay I can go over the quarter
and a hammer and I could be a quarter
pounder it's like terrible right this
would be way better but thank you I
think I have my most painting shows on
channel 3
you know what you're gonna do is you're
gonna accent the treaty's right when the
birds come in so started out trying to
do Kid Rock then it turn into a country
star and then I turn into hunter yeah
just penguins are going to have iPods
like take that away
it's so good shoot you on the spot
should we put him down all right wait to
see hunter just just guess what are you
gonna be 115 years okay I have no idea
maybe I'll just do Lube hi
if something really really really wanted
to show you wait for it we have these
beautiful ladies that are gonna
accompany us out
you look amazing dude that's awesome I
never have a Switzer where half of the
winch is they're gonna come in the bingo
with us so we going through the bottom
hey that's really good y yo y yo and do
you Mario it's smells fishy to me Mario
me Mario Luigi I made an attempt I tried
to do the bedsheet oh good
look someone has a garbage bag otters in
their white trash
that is bumblebee right in front of you
some firefighters and can tell the real
they're just like bored is there an
emergency I was actually thinking about
like on Halloween you never know if it's
a real security guy or a real police
officer
I Travis all right I just noticed you
have a crack in your screen yeah and
with those buses it makes it look like
you're like Waldo meets Harry Potter
pretty crazy it's a Luigi with a purse
if I didn't love you I wouldn't ask you
to do this ripped it off oh my god tell
me I hadn't do this yeah oh my god oh
there's makeup lemon oh how much oh this
is a perfect bathroom is oh wait look at
the shower there's a mattress it's
walking right now Yoshi it's the ocean
yes
Josh there's scooter I'm a penguin I'm
Michaela I'm Kourtney and together we
are we the kick
coley always smells baking you can smell
it's true there's baking to get he's
tracking it down now these burgers fried
chicken is a fried chicken oh well done
nose of a bloodhound layaway chicken a
chicken
doesn't die doesn't die
good yeah get my new Motorhead CD coming
out next week manage from the gray only
related to that okay I'm very serious
injured is happening is the size of a
good coley-cole
yeah nice to meet you Charles how's it
going oh yeah they're actually trying to
do a tourniquet with a mask a rubber
mask okay
worse yet
with trippy
to be an early
you
