oh good morning guys have a good day I
guess
how cold is it in denver colorado right
now we just we just discovered it's
snowing guys r IC well kool Kris
but you're in denver colorado will be 27
dairy awesome this is always the
cholesteric trying to get all these bags
checked in a timely efficient manner oh
well actually if you guys r appropriate
last night we all went out and okay i
just want to show you this photo and
prepare to laugh just prepare to laugh
because you're about the witness part of
the greatest photo you'll ever see ready
you see Ali's face we took a photo and
we kind of assault ally in the
background kind of like making a silly
face she didn't know what was going on
so we staged that photo and I feel like
that don't you agree is probably the
single best photo ever taken it was just
once it again was it again look at that
I just wanna like make a giant like
poster a billboard of it I just thought
it was funny so I wanted to show you
guys before ever got so my dad just came
down the hallway with a guitar and his
little like welding glasses on and
Marley freaked out of course now she's
not doing it okay I'm going oh uh what
do you think we should do about this
business deal today if you probably move
forward is plan and you know will and
it's gotta just a little bit here my
elbows kind of hurt there we go smiley
you look very professional and douchey
are these are those weird things I was
trying to film last time is that weird
it's kind of cool though we're just what
the land in it I don't know if you guys
to see out the window right now hairless
about this with him
yeah that's snow this is pan over to
Billy right now snake what are you
wearing over here not much
guest is on how long it's going to take
forever to get the hypothermia
there's a better shot
oh hello airplane
wow I've been here I don't even know how
long bring out a cool Denver Airport is
you just never listed starting any rules
and regulations never listen ever what
are we gonna what are we gonna do with
that kid wait we really did get on it
can you see it Charles picked up smoking
we're so stoked about the our shuttle
man 29 hours this is nice
sexy game that's sexy
or shall we fell the bodies the new form
of Tetris back reverse touches gas
station gas station gas station yeah
station gas station gasps all right now
when the guy gets on yeah yeah asian gas
station gas station gas station Oh
crappy days crappy looks so excited to
do something fun outside and now this is
what I just like literally fell over hey
Zoey you're in the rain what are you
doing come back here
we make a chocolate doors wouldn't you
believe that could never happen again
never seen snow before his life really
yeah was he rolling in it yeah it was
like one of the slipperiest
hit the sign
Oh
oh my god you owe me blows to see you to
Coley oh really different hormone how
many negative attitude he's going to him
Rakim
roxas
we don't have any service now
I don't think that anything that's crazy
Samantha billy goat rocks bike though
duh duh-de-duh definite that duh dinner
at all yeah my aunt like inner core in
school hey I literally can't feel my
feet this is 17 degrees and we just came
from like 90 degrees yesterday we got
freakin dog I just thought this was
funny somebody dumped a cooler of ice on
ice hunter doesn't believe I don't know
how to doesn't believe in dinosaurs is
he thinks they were all large dogs
campus now this is an Apatosaurus I
think we're having a running trend that
we just don't read yeah that's it just
like a big German Shepherd I think so
why just imagine that he would just it's
good just imagine that and so it when he
sings you chop corn weight like that you
owe like a Husker sure somebody here in
one of the question yeah it's somebody
phone but laid corn husk unicorn we're
in Wyoming I'm sure he's ever gonna I
then look at this one this one looks
like a dodo bird and that's how big a
raptor would look at us that's how big a
raptor would be Maddie I see why Jeff
Goldblum was scared
all right let me just follow the tail
still going still going and now we're
done education real dinosaurs kid wow
that's how did it survive Oh Travis in
the kidzone again for those of you who
didn't understand my thing yesterday
about the pterodactyl wing span there
you go as an example
go by yourself out here feel this is
where Lincoln got shot
hey give me a break i'm from florida i'm
not used to this whoo that's cold a
bunch of zoe tomorrow well Zoe would
probably love the snob don't think
Marley would
sick
I just noticed this this is our dressing
room right now I just walked directly
across and this is what I see you
haven't been breathing right for the
past four hours
Wow
maybe
gianna well we should probably go over
there and play on that stage now I went
to when they pull some tricks up dinner
with my dear best like old money
impressions leisure 19 activation we
were going to film our dinner out
tonight and my camera ended up dying our
just at home watching Game seven of the
World Series do you want to win the
World Series mom okay yeah you don't
care matingcall oh my god oh my god bro
entrance she's like yeah what's up last
night
did she tell you better is it bad that
we just now figured out this is where
Wyoming is this is why they have it here
Travis that's where Wyoming is what
that's where it is right there what is
this United States yeah full United
States this is my new favorite place
there's Halloween stuff right here my
name is key I'm gonna be kid rock's
there we go leave this one more kid rock
no that's gotta hurt on it hand
Andersonville just think about how many
people put that on my interest in the
phone Kid Rock funny to put some
balloons and badly fun which what is
this paranormal one or two to transmit
what's freaking dumb I'm with him I
don't like these so we're to watch like
Disney back here again again right yeah
what is that a flower for you Yoshi
baby girl it is time ago get some sleep
for at least two hours for all just
checking in oh I have a bonus video I
have opponents of you for you guys I
made my very first short film and when I
mean short film I mean it's it's
literally a short film like it's a short
film and I'm very proud of it is it a
little bit of a bonus video so I can do
this I can go click it done that the
trippy channel youtube I cough that's
trippy and I check out my short film and
see if you like got bored it was snowing
it's actually no more office couple
little piles of snow anyway please go
check out my short film I'll put a link
in the video description as well so I'll
see you guys tomorrow oh good night for
an hour we're gonna let's try to sleep
so oh sweet wait what's the date this is
luxurious alright see you guys in an
hour
can't wait to see what you did
hardly wait
where's baby at sexy
giddy with trust raphy
where's ed
do it with chalk opinion Harry
you
