hey guys good morning you want to hear
something really really really really
stupid last night I've got to do my
laundry so I have its many clean clothes
this many dirty clothes and I'm leaving
now so thank god you're coming through
the show
today we're playing Jacksonville and
Ally in Melissa are gonna drive up so
it's very good so it's really awesome
because they get to see the show but she
gets to bring me clean clothes I'm sorry
am i disturbing you
am i disturbing you sure just cover your
face and Founder love you see you in a
couple hours
all right hey Travis have you met Ted
have you met Ted the puffer fish there
he is
that's Ted he's a good luck charm oh
he's going he's gonna see us off yo he's
got spikes he what do we
I feel like at one time at one time he
could just like like we got it just
stabbed everything okay
and then it would just be him I think
there's a lobster - yeah yeah there's a
lot they hide though him and I I already
named the lobster Freddy I hated the
lobster dude let's name him Simon I like
it
bump it
so Melissa just finished visiting office
isn't getting referrals and all that
good big girl stuff I love last-minute
things so we're gonna get a receipt
Charlie put it but Charles Charles oh
that's weird I know that was very that
doesn't know Charles Charlie but that's
what his family called that's what his
name is
dad it was real name is Charles but and
we're gonna get to see Jason Derulo nope
Jason Derulo be nice to my girl they
can't really see the color okay can you
guys see the color of this car it is not
attractive
it's like Toby who saw that car it was
like yes Shane I'm fine Oh get it sorry
if that's your car
sorry no that's like a field day for huh
he's not towing anything like yeah like
I look at all there no excuse me jack
but yeah am i right try me
you're winning slightly Billy slightly
and so I'm sitting in this weird seat
right
recently
this has got to be the strangest think
I've ever seen is if you can get four
straight just think I've ever seen oh
there we go nice and blurry I agree
let's do it why not
I wonder for the magic play my Center I
am I'm actually pretty much a youtuber
I'm learning how to upload my video I
know you cover videos name GarageBand
hold on
close you'll get there I wish the people
and and video world okay
rosetta stone I can do it in Spanish I
wish people could see how many questions
about a surface this is nice it's really
nice so we can just swan dive just take
turns
I think it's safe to bet it's gonna
sound really well there's a few subs on
the stage and everything focus focus on
my hand go focus here it's like training
there we go
cool careful there's a badger there
can't argue this free ice cream so we're
just walk around UNF UNF right you UNF
youyou University of North Florida to
Jacksonville eventually never been in
this campus pretty cool it's kind of
funny because we had to go to Atlanta
and then back down just like we had to
do with Pensacola
let's do it the school pays our budgets
don't worry be happy don't we
my chart
so I'm gonna get done
yes they're done
are you nervous for them I'm nervous for
them yeah I know what anybody's here to
get hi
oh my god what do we do now we should
just go try to find a classroom and just
like sit in I'm totally down I'm not
good Matt with Zeus sounds like some
like crazy one yeah like a math one like
so like some insane one like calculus
like you think I'm a I do that on the
board
get it hunter it's a donkey off your
dogs
normal get off your burro I feel like
the vlogs during the this campus
invasion Torres there's been us
showcasing different colleges in the
vlogs like hey so we're here now look at
the scenery here all the blood drives
thanks I was sailing hunter we should
all like dude this is all like get blood
right now just before the show what do
you think should we do it dude that is
that's much highlighted right there so I
know a lot of you guys have no idea what
the significance of this orange cat this
one right here
90s some of you were born I guess that's
my I know makes me feel so old to think
about that's the couch though that is
the couch
just imagine of the Rugrats were real
now yeah they were like what four three
90s no they'd be out of college dude
yeah they'd be like full time maybe
lawyers pregnant yeah so Angeles all
totally pregnant though cool this is
gonna be by far the biggest show but
I've done so far well I love this can't
walk oh my God look at that camera this
we ship the guitars all the time I
totally missed it
you were babysitting right make make the
babysitting it's okay we're having some
problems you got it oh yeah they're
always being shipped so I never give
anything to see you
babies first thing okay guys so we're in
the we the kings dressing room you want
to see how it just dream it isn't here
check it out
Tyra says he's naked totally not this
hairdo is rocking oh my god he's just
hanging out and he just should be
censored no 22 wild although I almost
did just catch the background of
scooters computer really should not be
shown to anyone ever
but yeah wonder that who did that does
he do it Yoshi yeah of course
at the same time we reaped same time
move this is the super secret walk lowly
turn it off Holly oh that is lamb chop
you're probably coolest person ever okay
they're going
dancer go oh I'll get there eventually
there you go that's good I'm like Billie
careful there's blood all over the Bay
Bridge when I get on the end Oh check
yes when we all jump hello that's my
favorite partner except now you have
blood on your favorite shirt copyright
infringement because I'm watching show
that you did not have permission
ladies the ambulance this is Troy Oh
Troy oh come on now now Travis is over
there okay hello is it your first time
to be the king oh yeah and what did you
think I thought it was awesome no they
stopped right I'm kidding they're gay
all right bed test go for it
good so we're gonna find motel hey snake
well I get by the shower to yard all
these these delinquents I know the
phones right yeah you're clean snake
yeah I know for the first time in a long
time
all right we're gonna end the vlog guys
we got an early flight we gotta go to
Wyoming where apparently there's one at
one-and-a-half snow I know what a happy
so yeah we're the secret phrase what do
you want to do Jason Derulo see how many
characters you could do Jason Derulo
Jason Derulo that's the secret phrase
you're welcome Jason you're welcome man
all right good night guys see you
tomorrow
see what you did
yes
