get it done it's in it's in the bedroom
it's in the bedroom behind your head
I'm so confused guys look genuinely
confused
there she was up on the sink little AMX
like this isn't our house anymore
hey I can help you do the dishes are you
anything I want
yeah get it get it
heads up up don't do that
just don't hurt nibbler what's up are
you your truck you guys travel just as
much as I do
I feel so much better I actually got to
take a shower and have some clean
clothes and everything yeah that is my
mother
hey mom say hi to the Internet
we're on well I'm turtle Patrol is it
alive
I don't know didn't make it
Porter we tried we tried that we up what
what are you drunk
can't stand come on no man can't just
piss me off sometimes they're like oh I
really want to go outside then you open
the door they're like nope don't want to
and then she's gonna go right back I
really would like to go back outside
please open the door
nope don't really want to see is why
dogs rule Oh am i boring you
yeah dennis is going around there just
staring at you that is so crazy it just
keeps an eye on you see you later
Coby had to leave all right dad the chef
of the house only four desserts so my
dad has a special treat that he makes
and he's made this for as long as I
could remember
peanut little bit of peanut butter the
marshmallow what do you do the broiler
first i preheat it to 250 then put it on
broil and just the Browns of
marshmallows tomorrow I'm leaving for I
think we got like four or five days
we're playing just the rule oh that's
great a fun show I think tomorrow that's
in Jacksonville all right okay so like I
was saying we're playing Jacksonville
Wyoming Detroit South Carolina so if you
guys are there I want to see a bunch of
CTFxC Rose I think would be a lot of fun
since this is gonna be the first real
stretch of a like kind of tour cuz
usually it's been like like one or two
days and fly home this is like four or
five I feel the need to buy a book I'm
gonna buy I feel I feel so don't judge
me internet don't judge me but I I don't
even remember the last time I actually
bought and read an actual book I've read
you know I read things online all the
time but like a physical book a lot of
people were asking me if I was gonna get
that Steve Jobs book or something if
this came out and okay does this mean
how nerdy I am I'm debating on whether
to get the physical copy or do I read do
I read a book about Steve Jobs in our
iPad so little bookworms
let's go get a book and then let's go
out hang out with everyone before I show
tomorrow
all right let's hope I don't get jumped
I hate going to Walmart late at night
all for learning all for education
boo-ki parking lots are actually kind of
scary all right they when there's like
nobody around
mouki all right books books there it is
oh my god it's like Harry Potter it's
kind of crazy how like a fascinating
this is to me I don't know just
everything about ages I know all you all
you anti yet Apple nerds and stuff like
that but still I mean I feel the same
way about Bill Gates you only mean like
just fascinating are there any pictures
there's gotta be there's gotta be photos
there you go
I love the old school I'll maybe I'll
get that hardcopy
600 pages how many days you think it's
gonna take me such a nerdy but awesome
quote wait maybe I'll just get this and
said yeah I read lowrider well now I
feel like a bookworm actually good
question random question now if you're a
bookworm cuz you have a book and you're
reading it physical book does that
transcend to like electronic book what
did you be like a micro worm or
motherboard worm something you know what
let's create an entirely different term
what would you call somebody who reads
books like on a Kindle or
ereader or like iPad or iPhone what we
should call we can't call really like
bookworms cuz it's good it's got to be
different you got to be different so
think of something and tell me in the
comments what should we call electronic
bookworms
she's been in here for the past day and
a half
try try to figure it out I hear it's a
pretty good website it's like it's like
my space my space it's like these people
that's really weird like they record
whatever they're doing and they upload
it right and then people watch it in the
comments really weird crazy but yeah
there's this one guy he's like and he
plays it the records are the camera yeah
and he puts it on the website and it's
free it's a free website what you don't
thinking I'm gonna sing it and when I
sing birds die
I will now start singing
no I don't want to kill innocent Birds
you know whatever every time I hear this
song I want to sing paparazzi paparazzi
papa-paparazzi yeah isn't it you guys
here to try singing paparazzi to that
whoa yeah and for the longest time when
I heard that song I thought it was Gaga
thang even sir Lady gaga she's never
gonna do this to you like in the
comments just tells the happy start
singing she's not gonna she's not gonna
do it until you guys start motivating
you have to make her do it
I won't do it she's stubborn you have to
make her do it in the comments they say
better start singing
the business
harnessing a play out there I know it
takes a lot first week piano pianos
really kind of crazy all right
in the comments tell her she should do
more covers maybe she should do to her
ally chana or something you should do
more covers listen look look right there
look right down there you see what
they're saying in the comments right
there see what she's saying that dude
sings like a dude no no ignore the
trolls ain't no ignore cool face look at
that girls to comment right there
look at that guys comment that's a good
comment now you always important yeah
let's go hang out like stop shame take
the camera talk to them I love them make
love to the camera backwards talked it
up like he was gonna take this camera
and act like a pro but now he's acting
like he has no idea what's going on
angle are you directing yes we're gonna
get em confused
baby at
giddy with tripping
