good afternoon everyone it's like this
is gonna be like one of the last
beautiful days that we're gonna have in
Florida before the the cold weather so
I'm just sitting or laying out with the
dogs and can you see where I was laying
you could see my butt print and my legs
I just thought was funny it's our
version of a snow angel it's a grass
angel
hey you wanna leave me alone please
you're blocking my Sun you're like a
little Marley Eclipse my goal right now
is to get rid of that farmers dude
remember okay do you remember when we
went to NASA remember once all the Space
Shuttle when was that like last like the
beginning of the year or something like
that right and I got that nasty sunburn
and I got that horrendous farmer's tan
the entire year I've been trying to get
rid of it a stupid son so maybe I'll get
rid of it today just before winter yeah
not during summer like one a little bit
normal we got a Papa Trippi here where
we're gonna try to find we're trying to
find rehearsal dinner spaces and this is
a place that he likes so we're gonna go
check it out we get the try food like
the other place no never done this you
never had a kid getting married before
no you sure about that is there some kid
that I don't know about this is pretty
cool
I think we found the holy grail of wine
it's like it should be a library but
it's just one that's so cool though it
looks great we should get one of these
in our house
well I was I was just trying to talk to
my dad he asked when we were gonna hit
our 1000 okay I was trying to use the
serious stuff and I did I stumbled I was
trying to say once out once out I can't
do it
1000 okay say fast what's I think this
is what I get from boredom it's a trivia
ism do it 1000 thousands I think if you
have the air Senecas you do it this
it's our 1000 today thousands I told you
I told you once at 1000 1000 went out
1000 1000 it's hard to say day after
I can't see what 1000 see I I knew I
wasn't alone on this everyone everyone
put down put down your keyboards and
your mice and try to say 1000 really
fast just really fast ok see then see
what happens then I serve dykes learn my
other words so what if I say bath fast
this is actually kind of exciting I
think it was last out it was the last
week yeah yeah ok remember last week we
went over to Jesse's house Oh weapon and
she was flipping all those quips long
story short the awesome people over at
State Farm
saw the video and asked us because
they're okay basically they're doing
this awesome promotion on their face
book it's called amazement Park so if
you go to their Facebook which is this
Facebook that comps are State Farm
nation and then you click over here on
the left hand side you see what it says
amazement park it actually allows
ordinary people to upload themselves
doing some pretty crazy stuff so like
this person is doing a whip that's on
fire
this guy's doing backflips on pogo
sticks so we thought this would be a
perfect opportunity to team up with them
and do a contest for you guys see the
whole idea is that see
farm takes care of the insurance so you
have time to do some crazy amazing
things which is very appropriate with
what we just did with the whipping thing
so they sent us okay
this you guys it's not me just sure all
right thank you all right they said this
shirt which is pretty cool let me show
you all right there we go get a hot tub
time I'll pop it in my mouth so what I
want to CTFxC to do I want you guys go
to facebook.com State Farm nation I'll
put the link down there and I want you
guys to think of something crazy
extraordinary unique like are you
double-jointed can you do a backflip on
a pogo stick can you do three backflips
on a like trampoline or something and I
want you to go to their Facebook and I
want you to upload your video we're
gonna look for the most amazing or
unique ones or just ones that make us do
like you know like the big bug I face
Ali and I thought we would just give
away some internet killed television
t-shirts so if you want a free ikt CTFxC
t-shirt go to their Facebook I think you
have to like it in order to upload a
video film yourself doing something
crazy or unique are amazing and submit
it to their Facebook page and then maybe
you'll win a t-shirt I want to say thank
you to the State Farm for finding that
video of Jesse and asking us to do this
I thought it was really cool and I knew
you guys would want free stuff so make
sure to go check them out and submit a
video guys
Hey look at this one more day time we I
promise you guys we've been doing a lot
of we've been very productive but we're
gonna meet up with Travis and Danny and
I think snake and a few other people now
is like a tough time in our life I got
the wedding coming up we've got a lot of
big decisions how many days it's like
it's less than 30 days less than 30 days
we're just okay so we had a bunch of
meetings yesterday and a bunch of
meetings today about the wedding yes
guys I am going to be filming a you have
a camera to add vlog we'll go up and
then and then we have Corey Vidal Cyr
and his team are going to be doing a
special wedding video and that's gonna
be uploaded
well American project wedding apple
pouch
oh but yeah we're gonna have a vlog
that's gonna go up on the regular
Channel regular day so we don't miss a
day and then we're gonna have a special
wedding video and anyway so I digress we
were just organizing all that I just
thought this was kind of funny the guys
in the band
we all have find my friends because when
we're at a location we're really bad
about like describing where we're at so
we all just installed it and we're
trying to meet up with everyone but
apparently I just want to show you this
let me switch the camera but apparently
Travis decided to go for a night swim in
the middle of the Gulf you lost this
time I think we are I think we won
that's up
oh no we're right there 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 mulch and
stuff no no no what are you talking
about okay 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
that's actually but that's a more direct
shot right there look at this qualified
Internet back me up I think you're
cheating now no okay who's closer right
here or right there
yeah no but Travis you lost this one
you're way over that's what it cooks
park okay okay well I'm sorry I'm sorry
shade he's got neighbors
imagine a part of the time
that we won a great time enough abuse
that were closer than you are what other
catch am i right let you be a VIP
parking status right that we want oh it
wasn't quick enough with the camera
listen I heard it I know it's true it's
like it's like in my heart I know it's
real just like unicorns and Santa
dancing dancing dancing dancing also we
made a new rule if you're trying to get
shotgun in this car you have to go shut
a Johnny and for everyone in the
audience was having to interact the vlog
how many times does Ally played this
Skrillex song in the past four days how
many times does one need to play this
song to wear it out a fill in the jeans
on success
do it she saw my picture on my Twitter
and follow me she's max it'll follow her
but you don't follow her wallet victory
are you blogging wait is this the first
time you're doing this
pull over like this please hold like
this right this way oh it was this
climbing all over me
that was like nothing cameras on there
we go
we're coming friends sure I actually
have one just like that
all right deadmau5 please get my good
side up don't lick that and matching
shirts
I don't know maybe somebody's tired
we gotta go we gotta go magical right
now all-in-all I feel like we had a
rather successful evenings
until a cop pulls you over I just tell
him I'm just having eyes in sexy bitch -
the sexy bitch
she's a sexy bitch a girl damn she's a
sexy a sexy damn she's a sexy damn girl
damn that sounds okay it was a crazy
Chihuahua attack because what it was you
took the right girl like petting him
here then you're like I'm gonna go
around here and like well I'm trying to
save him I was trying to save him from
town though it was like an evil
Chihuahua attack is what it was Hey so
we're gonna go to bed we were gonna call
back home like 3:30 now it's like okay
honestly it's like we've been seriously
like living out of a suitcase for the
past least for me I've been livin been
home and what feels like a week and a
half or something I haven't slept in my
own bed oh by all means you guys can
just take over you no big deal whatever
so we're gonna pass out you guys noticed
how I started off wearing this shirt
today then I had to switch because this
was dirty and now I'm wearing it again
mind-boggling whew the truth is I really
had no clean clothes and I didn't plan
on staying here anyway just I wanted to
remind you guys to make sure to go to
the Facebook for the State Farm nation
right here I put the link in the video
description below go there submit you
guys doing something awesome I don't
know can you
twiddle your thumbs are you
double-jointed and then what we're gonna
do like I said earlier we're gonna give
away some free t-shirts so make sure to
check out the link and I look forward to
seeing some crazy things that you guys
can do can you be Jesse with our
quipping say good night which is this a
good phrase bitches don't wash their
hands
yes
without trippin
in early
you
