let's see those kicks that you're
wearing there dad he's wearing some
assassins oh yeah they were prototypes
weren't they
sweet kicks
your shoes your face is on one of those
which faces up catnip her catnip one in
the closet Oh No so you get your drugs
get your drugs though see this is what
happens when you're an addict we need to
ask Siri for any addiction treatment
centers in the area
oh she almost got it she was cut it's
right there you almost got it you got it
I know yeah hi Maile I'm getting warmed
up
it's like a human cookie good good she's
getting really mad it's good right he's
still eating it come on she's really
she's watching it oh yeah
oh good thing you know I got this very
20 box what do you got there buddy
you just hey just holding it just
hanging on to it she's falling asleep
holding that
you guys ready to get oh it's the dock
party actually hold on
while he's having a blast don't throw it
tells me get your basketball is your
basketball yeah I'll kick it ready ready
he's walking himself little sucker plan
oh that's the yellow card she's like I'm
just gonna just go wait right here I
just wait right here
stay taste that one make your face
flatter than it is how's your face I'm
sorry bud kicked it just take a little
moment here
here's Marley's ball and this is Tyson's
ball you would swallow this dude you
would swallow that like a pill everybody
okay that's enough what's the noise find
right there he's just like looking at
you like come at me bro we're all its
biggest stick so we've got the tiny end
of it like the hole look at this oh boy
there we go windmill careful Sheena
bushes Marley come here Marley if you
tear one of those up you're gonna get
fined it's illegal smear it is such a
nice day we decided to come out and have
a little picnic from the water can't
beat Florida man you got to come here at
least once to watch a sunset on the
water so pretty
now it's way more appetizing because
it's been thrown by a human immediately
immediately I'm gonna get dragon he's
like don't touch my love handles Oh
yeah bitch take mine go go go go go go
Miley go Riley get it mind what's down
there
double things they are the same exact
dog what's in there well read this you
read this smart smart so stick here
right here dig right there right there
what is going on what are you doing spaz
who found that sorry just found it those
things always freaking out I'll go put
on your head it's inside Zoey that's a
good fine there horseshoe crabs
what's up just died no it's been it's
got a funny to think about how some
animals like completely went extinct but
like somebody had almost like evolved
they're still around they're not weird
yeah it was like hey you're gonna put my
horseshoe crab back right I found that
for a reason you guys okay back there
having fun three amigos all right so far
will you please drive me home
home sir trying to go to your mansion on
the water on your mansion in the
countryside mum thing in the countryside
please I feel like really mm-hmm
computer we just drop a listen Tyson off
and I was too lazy to get in the front
seat so Ali's my chauffeur for today or
for now she is having a tough time today
you'll learn another school ruining you
listen to me I can't do it you're mine
23rd of October and Melissa you know
nice that's Tyson I miss mommy
smiling upside down it looks like you
smiling 10 years ago today the iPod
Steve Jobs revealed the iPod and I'm on
Mac Mac Mac rumors calm and look at look
at this ok October 23rd 2001 this forum
this thread this is you know cuz like
all the Apple and there's always like
talk like oh the one more thing or this
was really cool and these posts are from
ten years ago Ali okay look at this
and the people are bashing the iPod for
example is this reading somebody's to
your mom somebody wrote sounds very
revolutionary to me with a sad face
here's an idea Apple rather than enter
the world of gimmicks and toys we're
really aiming to be a glorified consumer
gimmick firm okay I still can't believe
all this hype for something so
ridiculous who cares about an mp3 player
I want something new I want them to
think differently isn't that crazy
that's pretty funny okay and then and
then the iPod sold like billions now
change the world all that height for an
mp3 player breakthrough device the
reality distortion field is starting to
warp Steve's mind if he thinks for one
second this thing is gonna take off
these are posts that people wrote ten
years ago I wonder if they're kicking
themselves now for not buying stalking
it's like insane like also somebody
posted the stock market price apparently
when Apple announced the iPod it
actually dropped a dollar and here is
the best comment of them all
gee you've got music everywhere you go
oh boy when I walk down when I walk I
don't need
when I go on a train I don't need music
when I jog I don't need music ten years
ago somebody said that unbelievable how
within ten years something hated like
that I don't know I don't know that's
crazy just wanted to show you guys so
I'm back at home right now for a couple
hours and all right actually before okay
am I seriously weird for liking bird
toast I'm like I think I'm like the only
person in the world that actually likes
to taste a burnt toast like disgusting
right I don't know all you burnt toast
lovers let me know in the comments okay
really all right so I had to go back up
because okay long story short remember
when I got my in ear molds the first
time alright so I shipped them out and
recently they were declared lost right
and then yes No three days ago I had a
call when we were at Jersey and there oh
hey we found him but after the fact that
we already went back a second time right
well anyway I got an email from the
company saying the right ear the right
ear mold had bubbles in it
so I couldn't use it I was gonna go back
a third time and these original ones are
here so maybe tomorrow I have to go and
get a third mold done I don't know if I
want to do it I said some
high-resolution photos to the company
just like just to see if this is what my
ear looks like and see if there's any
bubbles in this that I can't see I don't
know what's going on but long story
short I had to come back home because I
have a nine o'clock appointment for my
ears
I just told Ali that she could stay with
her parents because I'm gonna go to the
early appointment that I'm gonna race
back down that we have cake testing
tomorrow
I think it's kik testing and then like
hors d'oeuvres hor d'oeuvre testing so I
just told her that she can like sleep in
and stuff like that so I'm actually
gonna go to bed guys Ali's gonna send
her clips and I'm gonna edit it in so
I'm gonna I'm gonna say goodnight I will
see you guys tomorrow
but we'll see Ali's Clips after so good
night guys all you burnt toast lovers
back me up try to guess what this is
that you're looking at
what if I push this button what does it
do beep beep he's like leave me alone
everybody misunderstands Bulldogs and
pit bulls they're so nice there are the
best dogs in the world he looks
terrifying which is good that's what you
want
but he's so definitely protects me but
he's the sweetest dog he's so sweet like
a pig a pillow big old pillow ok sister
the honorary opening fortune cookies my
camera was not recording the first time
I said ok sister crazy idea you just
 out your hair damn girl I promise
all we been drinking is this scouts
honor Bible hold on I got open line all
right
you know now do you I know the cookie
dresser do you read the fortune
I do the fortune see I ate the cookie
first okay we're gonna have to wait for
yours then man's biggest mistake is to
believe that he's working for someone
else in bed one minute of time worth
more than one ounce of gold in bed now
one of the best ones I ever read was
behind every man there's another
able-bodied man in bed he deserves
paradise who makes his companions laugh
in bed the speed of the leader
determines the rate of the pack in bed
yes
without trippin
in early
you
