today is going to be an important day
I'm going to save humanity from zombies
so I'm going to pick up oli and Andrew
and we're gonna head over to Orlando
they have this like zombie thing where's
two hours you're being chased by zombies
Dennis just hooked me up this is gonna
be my zombie killing attire I guess
you're gonna meet up with us later I'm
just gonna go right now early to go film
the course don't worry girls
I'm gonna go save humanity okay I really
appreciate it
time to kill some zombies there's
people's like the zombie things
happening right now hey Thor hey guy
thanks for for hooking this up right now
yeah dude just kill some zombies no big
deal
all right everyone you have to thank
Thor on this one right here the Mighty
Thor
yeah only reason why you guys are gonna
be able to see what's going on and look
at this he's got this like a little
light with the diffuser softbox on it so
I was like kind of afraid because it was
maybe super dark but we came through
this is gonna be amazing and I'm gonna
be the asshole getting fried you know
with the lights all the zombies can see
me now this place is called zombie
Adventure it's kind of in Kissimmee
Florida kind of like by Disney and
they're hooking us up and allowing us
basically what happens as there's a
zombie outbreak on a military base and
we kill zombies don't know why but you
know why not all right dude you ready
yes we got we got it all Ian Andrew here
Ali didn't want to come because she was
afraid of getting shot by paintballs
cuz these are okay there's several types
of zombies as you guys know there's the
slow zombies then there's some really
like the Jackie joyner-kersee ones that
can run really fast and then there's
ones that are run really fast and they
can actually shoot you apparently these
can actually shoot you all right I'm
ready
sweet what is all this
boo-ki
interesting
all right this is actually genuinely
creepy
excuse me ma'am
ah that's gross Oh technical
difficulties
aka I slept through my alarm today like
a hundred times just now uploading the
cinema video and it is like 6 o'clock at
night my be guys that way dude look at
that face meanie go back to bed grandma
are you ready man already okay do this
oh yeah looking at the light umm
we gotta keep moving guys we gotta keep
moving
I hope he wasn't bit
the lab should be safe guys Wow
he'll be safe alive should be safe
I bet the lab is zombified Marco
watch yourself that flushes oh don't get
up here okay love you man but if you're
a zombie you're dead feel to bring
people back you said there's an armory
right don't save him what were they do
you want to fall down there anyone
that's not dead still please
yes Owens been bit not yet I don't know
back at the B's this is like our
hometown hanging out we are always here
today has been the most insanely
stressful day for me I stayed back to
try and make sure that the videos got
uploaded successfully because we had
some technical differences ladies and
gentlemen we are experimenting some
technical differences you know that's
from please tell me you know those
problems it is very difficult difference
technical difference we were facetiming
but it made me really realize that you
can do some amazing things with
technology it's incredible I literally
taught my mom how to upload it on to
YouTube through a wireless connection on
a phone and an iPad my mom Charles had a
blast at the zombie it seemed like a lot
of fun no I kind of want to shoot you go
first you should be able to get through
oh I need you guys to come just stay
calm being here I'm gonna try to knock
them out of your guys come on
okay how long will senior what if he
doesn't come back
why are we running toward bullets
now we're gonna survive honestly cuz
actually genuinely scary it's kind of
frightening is it okay alright to the
end I'm going to be defeated by this
army and darkness is we're good good
good can't die we gotta stay together
man yeah that's all we need are these
grenades this is what you used to throw
at the zombies alright which one looks
like it's not gonna fail me this one
thing this one come on
- Sigma Epsilon some of the events team
is a hardy arrive once were killed while
we're trying then they go way out
I managed to get away behind this
storage container it's a little bit
creepy yeah basically what happened dr.
Klein carried up
zombies Adam so now we gotta figure out
what the deal I know I can feel me what
I want cocked and loaded
lesson one make a perimeter and less
than two don't die what exactly is going
on somebody's yelling for help
that's not true I shot Charles like guys
that we go and I'm like how do you know
how would it make you feel to get shot I
totally just lied that was one of the
first videos of Charles and I did
together I shot him no shirt on giant
target on his chest paintballs you
should go watch that what is that Go Go
Go
they're monkeys in Florida would you
check behind this or under it the boat
we knew their burrow bags off these all
getting scared in in the nurse oh hey
good thing Ally's not here freaked out
but you could die zombies all over
players where have you been Thor was so
close to the Cure do you leave it
somewhere did he back it up to the I
o'clock I don't know whoa
wake up Stephie we look like we look
like stoners we do we have a guide we
have a table and it's like all completed
for a really good
you look exhausted sure you guys can't
even hear just talking like when
everything cleared the road right here I
think we're clear I hear some I do
what's in there no the boy down there
it's dead don't worry zombies have
learned how to lead you so take them out
you guys are comment hey there's left
the left
Oh
we survived I made it so it looks like
we made it out alive
zombies still on the island where the
heck we are save no survivors we save no
one but nobody died that was fun guys
was that yeah that's a good nothing the
giant pumpkin deliciousness rock out
girl
so after killing a bunch of zombies what
do you do you eat a turkey club sandwich
gotta get your anti-zombie pills is this
what was once a witch this one's you
little zombie oh okay this is so you
guys don't turn does it look at her eyes
already guys it's really super late I
just I okay I was watching fast and
furious do you remember that movie like
seriously do you remember the first one
not like fast five seven teen that's so
you doing you know spray so yes you're
welcome you are welcome internet and
world I just saved you from the zombie
apocalypse and that should be that
should be actually the secret phrase
don't make a known internet Charles
Trippy zombie hunter I did I just saved
the world no but like seriously in all
seriousness that was the coolest thing
I've ever like done as far as like
paintball and stuff like that you could
have killed some Dom bees actually she
would've been freaking out remember like
her like the haunted houses and stuff a
take of those haunted houses that we
used to go to with like the over the
hollow scream and Halloween Horror
Nights okay then multiply it by 50
because you are in the woods I hope you
guys didn't get like super like like you
know Blair Witch with everything I
wanted to be like seriously like really
candid big thank you to zombie adventure
and Orlando and hopefully we can go back
because I think Ally needs to go see it
I think everyone else to bring a bunch
of people I'm gonna go to bed now
because you know killing zombies that's
that's a lot of work it takes a lot out
of you
say good night that was like the most
awkward smile in the world there we go
hi Zoe and I'd be Bradenton actually be
fair though you'd be Fayetteville
Fayetteville Fayetteville Fabio this is
about what you just sang it to Zoe
yeah well fabu sorry Brendon Zoe guess
what guess whose birthday was yesterday
Jeff Goldblum Jeff Goldblum hmm see what
what hey that's my bed setting up this
is my pillow I'm gonna go to sleep right
here boy boom good night guys
I'll see you tomorrow I really really
hope you guys enjoy the video it was a
lot of fun to shoot and if you guys
liked it if you want us to go back tell
us in the comments I will I will figure
out how we can go back and do that again
because that was a lot of fun yeah I
guess
beauty with trippy
with trip in early
