good morning guys for a second opinion
check because yesterday as you require
some a video over the counter stuff is
not working so maybe I got a bug in it
I'm joking but if there's a freakin
buggin money hitter I'm like wait every
type of age
well this doctor is a little bit cooler
he said I have a mild scar on it so it's
like an infection so I actually got
prescription this time no more stupid
over-the-counter but hopefully metal
screw cancer hopefully that will
actually fit fix the problem so I was
treating the phone I gotta find a
chemist aka promises oh that's fine by
this time I got medication for only $20
I'm just gonna go and say Australia your
health system destroys ours
the entire antibiotics part would have
cost a couple hundred dollars with
insurance it's only 20 bucks cash out
the door JB I fly which is kind of like
my best buy here in Australia so
naturally I have to go and then I have
to meet up with everyone that fish
called the Duke for Super Bowl Sunday
which is weird who this Monday back home
it is
seven o'clock yesterday well screw that
forgot all expensive everything here's
Australia I just needed a micro USB card
and that they were he was like $149
Australia so it should be at least $100
420 gates we didn't get that on Amazon
for maybe a third of that price long ago
what the wrong way him no I didn't like
that first this way
dang 117 to be exact another point for
Australia having better currency it is
Super Bowl Sunday and I am so excited
because I love football I feel like such
a terrible fan because I just realized
that it was the Patriots and the Eagles
that are in the playoffs that are in the
Super Bowl
Shelley and Mike obviously they're
rooting for the Eagles so that's how I'm
gonna root for I'm terrible I'm just not
a football person I never have been a
football person but I'm gonna go to the
gym I'm trying to get in a gym session
today cuz I missed out on Friday and I
am going to
every single time you see her for two
days Paul you don't have a we the King
tattoo right oh you got one
this is perfect your Patriot putter I'm
just guessing you're the Patriots right
just guessing just a wild guess
it's Super Bowl Sunday Super Bowl Sunday
you guess who I'm rooting for
even though I don't watch sports even
though you didn't know who was in the
Super Bowl I knew who okay here's the
thing I knew the Eagles were in it but I
didn't know the pain to return it so
that makes me really stupid you guys
aren't the Patriots always in it three
out of four years yeah well here's the
thing
I don't watch football I don't watch
football it's just I don't want you I
don't watch it we watch the commercial
to bring dead ones yet
how was the Puppy Bowl wait who are you
guys rooting for anybody it doesn't
matter just yay if he sings filthy I
swear on my matatini bye that is the
worst song ever I'm ashamed of you
Justin Timberlake on filthy like it's
horrendous we didn't lose the Super Bowl
oh and agathis here you're freaking out
though the TV turned off we had no idea
what because we are very much into this
game yes now look at Meg's so into the
game right now
he goes what they were so weird aside
because one we weren't rooting for them
I actually was seriously rooting for
them at the beginning it's usually a
cheese - yeah usually it is a team that
is winning towards the end and then I
decided I just excited oh yeah go sports
I don't really watch football obviously
but that was one of the closest that was
a close fun game to actually watch right
now we're missing hunter he's completely
gone Chris where is that the bar
creaking he's done hunter is Hunter's
dying responsible can all agree that our
money needs to be on rippable dogs
really look at this I'm trying as hard
as I can to ripped and be able to go
through the washing much burn so you're
saying that the new ones actually oh so
they do break perforated everybody watch
what you do
but nice coming out of this plane is it
a while there now in Australia did that
go let me see your hat
you're looking a little kid right now
today and it's only four o'clock sponge
mechanic C double dismal here don't fit
is well everybody obviously knows knows
you're gonna name got my Budweiser head
right here
Charles we're having a massive ear
infection hanging still hard right now
drinking like a means drinking so much
water Lance a bottle yeah the last one
to have you guys do well and you know
please follow at Kohli keys on Instagram
that's right sir hi it's a hot place
video so I if you're not bowling you're
too late I'm gonna say countries you're
already too late maybe we're up that
Graham you know we're this way we figure
that up but actually it's pretty cool
down here right I got was busy
I know seriously
Wow none of us made that literally not
one of us made it
Oh show-off pretty good spot right
around the corner I'm I'm aware of it
around the coins if yes again yeah gonna
wait around the corner all right so you
find the good spots here in Chinatown or
the really sketchy amazing spots I don't
really know what do you think that this
actually looks to critically sketchy
look at the giant eggs
haha we just walked in the women's
bathroom well what is grilled watermelon
watermelon just throwing it out there I
picked up Charleston camera I thought it
was mine but I'm still rolling it
apparently a side here at this beautiful
establishment is grilled watermelon
watermelons just fine as it is my gosh
where is this what are we that's mine
that's why right this is a lobster prom
today it's just a day it's actually been
kind of nice to enjoy a day off really
honestly for the first time in a long
time to just kind of literally I just
been kind of hanging out with everybody
just enjoying the Super Bowl which by
the way did the team that you guys want
to win the Super Bowl win I know Ali was
Eagles I had to stay Patriots because if
I didn't say Patriots everyone would
kill me so I lost Ali won but yeah let
me know in the comments if you wanted I
a lot of people hi oh God
isn't it kind of funny like everyone
knows what a vlog is now like years ago
nobody knew what a vlog is I look like
kind of crazy like a crazy person and
now everyone knows I feel like that's
that's really interesting actually
we walk in this is what's going on
you're right you have so much to live
for but come on down actually enjoy the
sunset photo shoot what's up Frank
okay well we're packing right now and
we're getting ready to where are we
going dunk Adelaide going to Adelaide
Austin Texas huh Virginia they were
gonna call right they were go to
California everyone in Mexico and the
Caribbeans and then we're going look
we're trying go okay on that mark I will
see you guys tomorrow
Oh No yes have a good night bye guys
