good morning everyone or afternoon or
evening whenever you're watching this
video I'm trying to get all these things
taken care of got to make some keys my
ladybug key just before all this happens
to probably saw that and the intro for
today cue something me good job and some
getting used to my heart over yesterday
we had to return the ring but today
actually X bad for us because we've been
having so many issues first it kind of
broke and then is a Leo right so there's
a diamond inside the Leo that topped off
and then one of the I don't know what
the call of the side diamonds one of
those popped off as well right close to
the head so basically a diamond got
topped off which sucks with when I hit
it snapped right here in this old
diamond popped out and then that diamond
popped out but it actually completely
disconnected from the head so there's a
big gap between the head and like the
actual end point of the ring and the
actual big diamond was spinning so
that's and they fixed it makes it looks
even better than normal
wait let me see that diamond inside the
band I was wanting to show them because
if I were that'd be kind of confusing so
if you look carefully there's a diamond
with inside right there your actual band
it's a bigger a dial so that popped off
and then that little guy popped off and
this completely disconnected so it was
like there's an opening right there but
luckily they fixed everything so
yesterday we had to return it and today
we get it back yay
so Ellie has a ring back which is
perfect timing because I'm Shane II
wanted to it was our first ever thing to
say like two weeks because we're gonna
have to send it back and go out fun
stuff but think they kind of know us
unfortunately for the situations that
we've been having feels like we have
really bad luck with a lot of things but
they got it taken care of and that's a
relief off of our plate
well I wanted to come out here and fly
the drone because I got these cool
little polar lenses I don't know what
they're really cool I think there's a
big polar Pro or something and I was
hoping to this is kind of cloudy but I
could fly you have to do some bull stuff
and it might actually work because the
rain as time is dying a little bit but I
don't want to send it up in the air and
potentially here at all not fly away
ruin would like ruined by water that's
part of the work and we are so close as
prepared why not just kind of walk
around here see some stuff I think most
of you know this but I don't know if all
of you know this I used to work in jobs
that way back in the day I worked for a
couple places but one that I said I'd
spoken about before was overhead surf
shop honestly it was kind of one of the
funnest jobs I've ever had in my entire
life and I have such good lifelong
friends in there but I've been back here
in a while I think we take the back we
came here probably a couple months back
but then before that was a really felt
like a really really long time
that's not creepy hello alligator this
honest cool little place that has a
bunch of little baby alligators always
reminds me first explains at all you're
the one person from the ball yeah we're
the creepy news it's friendly those just
randomly come into a window the reward
ball and we did that pet alligator in
the pool home stuff that was so creepy
that he could just do that probably just
chill on there like
yep this is actually pretty interesting
there we go there you guys go
I had a box drill so tiny is I actually
had two turtles growing up I still do it
so my mom's out there probably 20 years
old now Ali which US president had an
alligator for a pet and the White House
I think it's FDR John Quincy Adams did
not know that
oh hello Ted see these are the kind of
places I kind of like you know saving
speedlight for Florida oh you're his
name is that is not tatted he be puffy
so that's too puffy I love that name
these are the ones that were in Hawaii
that I wanted to go see in that woods
for that trail
it was eyeball your 1zp dude here's
another risk in how this one over the
wall rather at first we're kind of if
you look going in there but then we
found out like every alligator in there
are rescued all of my recipes even like
some of the like saying that the dragon
do dragons were yeah all of our rescue
so she's like just be careful we don't
want to scare them since we're all
rescue so I don't know if I ever
mentioned it because we have that Gator
in the back of my other house and I
always wanted to get rid of them because
we will wake up on Billy and Marley and
kind of get closer here's the thing this
is what we're kind of scared about
Florida which is kind of nice to see
places like that in the state of Florida
alligators are considered useful is that
what they said so I call the animal
control one times like yeah we can come
get the alligator but then we have to
kill it
they're not able to get every one of
them and rescue and move them somewhere
else so I never moved because I felt
guilty about like and he's never really
done yeah so I feel guilty like having
him come and get what do they say they
say destroyed which is the worst way to
describe it but yeah we can we'll give
you alligator and destroy it like that's
not what I wanted I just want you guys
to move them somewhere else so we never
did that but a cool finding places like
this that actually takes these Gators
and rescue them make sure it's not wet
old or mutilated
Chatham we can play mini basketball or
we can play real basketball team allergy
drugs
there we go well are you guys all suck
killed me doing that oh never notice I
miss pac-man was so promiscuous like it
looks like she had some food and then
him hugging her oh hey very cynically on
number not ugly googling really ugly
they're so creepy
here's like just walking over here over
there he looks like something tore it
looks like what those bouncing like
nachos you're thinking of mature
sometimes not being then that day was
born we just got this oh the life of an
adult in an arcade every but you did get
this many tickets we probably break 15
I'll go goodbye 116 others in the war
vigil Ursula cylinder
when we really want okay so we lost with
16 tickets but we're leaving guy was
like oh you can have a free hot dog and
some nachos at the plate right here here
close now we really didn't win double
loss we we lost a lot okay I'm gonna get
to Superman again a waffle cone pretzel
welcome
I feel like a Superman I've never seen a
pretzel cone of you know I don't know
what's funnier watching you eat that or
the fact that you are eating that was
awesome it's vanilla ice cream
Dargis various colors I don't know why I
call Superman though
Superman doesn't that look like this red
and blue Ford is green in there don't
see a blue frame
oh maybe red and blue make green you're
talking it off but red blue and yellow
why is it green we're bit of yellow I'm
not the person who makes guys scream I
was myself
wrestle
I knew that I thought I could trust you
I knew you're gonna do it one funny nope
I don't trust him I know how I am by the
way don't trust him
this is good no but seriously what's
right no I love vanilla ice cream right
here with my chocolate smell it's gotta
go different day nope not a - drips
thanks
there's no the other time this is like
disturbing watching you X no awkward
looking at camera
this is opera this is effective with
that Superman ice cream gonna do this
that was awkward so we decided to stay
back a little because rape there is
actually a wedding up going on right now
probably wanted to come out and get
inside the drone but we didn't want to
stop that I think the wedding's over but
we didn't want to disrupt that oh yeah
you got these new crazy lenses what are
they they're like polar lenses like
filters I think it's a kind of take down
the brightness and stuff like the Sun
it's kind of like sunglasses for your
drone jump actually literally pretty
much place my a polarized lens like my
sunglasses literally what it is
we went to fly the drone obviously today
and possibly the windiest day we could
have done that yeah that's kind of
getting a little creepy right there oh
look at it
Charles and Ollie talk about the weather
unofficial weather people just really
miss the rain if their life is really
our secure thing to do to hear what is
Jamie freaking Cool J I've been a critic
awesome room anyway I liked it so much I
think it's I think that we really just
kind of like spent time together and we
didn't really worry about what we were
doing we're just going to start driving
and just end it up somewhere have you
guys ever done that where you just start
driving and like you know what I don't
know where I'm going or what I'm doing
but I'm going to figure it out along the
way
currently Balu in to North Carolina so
kind of like what we're going to do for
RV trips we didn't want something thing
I like to say weird today great I liked
it it was great great my basic routine
at night is edit the video and put on
The Simpsons and I looked up and I just
actually for those of you who watch the
video completely to the end there's
always a secret little thing at the end
of the video I don't know how many
people actually know about this but if
you let the video play all the way to
the end you usually see it and I
couldn't remember what episode was from
and I just looked up and I was like oh
my god I found it season 7 episode 6 get
ready for it ready yep
the only difference is it's actually
Marlee so form a line when you watch the
video all the way through you know
exactly where that came from season 7
episode stick that's just for some
Simpsons nerds out there now I'm
actually curious how many of you guys
actually know what I'm talking about the
end of the video in the comments I want
you guys to say me if you actually knew
what I was talking about before just
what I just said like if you saw all the
way into the end of the video and you're
always like what does that mean I hope
you enjoyed today's video please don't
forget to subscribe and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a wonderful
night and I got
you
