oh it's so early I don't think you slept
it hi guys
not gonna happen yeah get out of here
Yoshi
I want the whole seat I don't know what
it is about like airports saying
everyone watches can get on the plane
and an off the plane if you can't you
can't tell those in line or anything
tired
Scott are you doing buddy I'm yeah
everyone's left yet yeah yeah I think
we're going on today on my way to pick
up Charles from the airport just got
back he's going to be dead tired I'm not
I mean he's gonna be exhausted I think
they went to sleep around 1:00
and I think they had to get up and get
ready for their flight I think they had
a 5:00 a.m. call time to be down in the
lobby he's probably going to be
exhausted by 15 a lot more of me today
while he recuperates as Ted
doing his circle thing well you should
name you something everyone named the
lobster
okay so it seems like Ted as a friend
and they just go back and forth back and
forth
you just gonna tack literally if you
ever come to this Airport we'll just go
in circles in circles on circles in
circles all right let's go find Ally
I'll see you guys Wednesday partly whole
eggs for you Jesse would you say half
orange half awesome Bentley with a
handicap sticker it's just got it's like
my car car and then it's and then it's
like the car benefit then it's a Bentley
it's also parked in front and it's also
good
we should go steal it I'm just gonna go
make an offer on it I'm gonna offer the
guy the 23 dollars in my wallet see
generous maybe through his cookie across
the table I Belleza it's in the bag
oh no after what he did by locking his
keys in his car and I'm not moving
around
show me a deal Oh sunrise it's gorgeous
mmm so I ordered a sandwich with no
spicy mayo and no tomatoes I guess that
means bread and look at this that's
literally all of this my driver said
don't you dare laugh don't you dare
laugh I know what she's doing right now
she's taking the salad kind of charge
myself or lettuce I just totally messed
this a preview of marriage you know
who's helping you get a move on okay
wow that was brave hi oh you're so cute
oh my god what is she doing here
you wanna race I think my my crotch
rocket could be yours it's like it comes
up to my knee I love this thing this
thing is so amazing hey we should start
a motorcycle gang I'm gonna be the
ringleader though I have to be the
ringleader over this one
let's catch her I think we can do it
we're not gonna do it no this doesn't
turn around that quick so loud
oh yeah
don't worry Old Yeller
I feel like tacular wait lay all the way
on the ground
what is that protection Riley does not
like it at all
no well you get with those little wind
flaps going on right now that looks
ridiculous on you whoo okay sissy show
me what you just got that's the store
yes show me what that is that folds into
this tiny little doll hat you like find
the most random and amazing stuff but I
have one parent I got it right here I
got a rush I'm going to get my hair done
your mess oh my god we are watching I'm
going to see my friend Alexia right now
she's gonna do my hair for the wedding I
haven't seen her in like years and I'm
so excited to see her okay guys the
consultation you're not getting out of
it yeah I get out of it I mean like I
just we're talking wedding hair yeah
good morning or afternoon or evening
geez I just woke up I passed out you
ever have you ever done that like you
said I don't you're trying to set our
alarm and you you fall asleep in like
mid like process of setting the alarm
do you like wake up and you're holding
the phone right there and it's like oh I
didn't even make it well so I'm kind of
like confused I still think it's Friday
I'm not sure but it's so gorgeous out I
decided to upload the vlog up here let's
just finish it up look exporting so just
kind of hanging out here with the new
biatches it's not I'm working out here
never mind maybe I have to put aside
isn't it it feels great I'm sure I look
really attractive Mangal hello everyone
actually no I think this sounds good
this is Lex
hi this girl has been my friend since
the dawn of time or since we moved here
in 1999 oh you dance together and I have
to tell you you're always perfectly in
thinking dance mom
still going
I think this is a good look for you
right here oh sweet wait ready what is
your problem
it is whining when you ignore Marley
that's what happens when Marley stares
at you and you don't acknowledge like
look her right in the eyes she does that
she will bark until you look down so
bossy finishing touches come here come
to michael irvin half studio if you want
your hair done because she does a great
job look how good this looks dude I mean
it's kind of weird for me to say like
look how good I look but I mean she did
a great job on my hair like does this
look beautiful thumbs up so she will be
doing my hair for the wedding he did a
beautiful job
Thank You schlagg love you hey Steve
Jobs turn on show me turtleneck what is
the best thing in the world if you were
wearing New Balance I would not be able
to tell a difference feel good
what's the point feels good doesn't it
feel good sorry guy wants you you can do
it mining oh oh the competition what my
problem solve problems off you can do it
mark come on and faith so he's big
tongue Oh doors big tongue he's cheating
though he's cheating your tongue is too
long oh who got it okay you get it first
pick three guys somebody called 9-1-1
there's Steve Jobs up in the front seat
how many times how many times will I
call alley Steve Jobs tonight in the
comments how many times am I gonna call
alleys Steve Jobs now give you guys like
five seconds ready five tell me the kind
of sport three two one all right we'll
find out the end actually you guys got
to figure this out how many times think
are like five times five times see jobs
right let's we you and I need to
secretly do it look at the camera
good job Joe
I I hope I don't die here this is this
is legal like so gross I literally love
the fact that this is not level
Oh
yes
giddy with child trippy
Harry
