guitar number one turn number two let's
go love you yeah can I get uh make it to
Big Macs and bye see you tomorrow I love
you off to a good morning traveling with
the two basses I got so confused cuz I
checked three bags and I ended up
putting my itinerary in the check bag so
no way I would have gotten through
security but don't worry we're gonna go
see Ted it'll be okay
everything will be all okay you better
not be sleeping again
where does this hilarious
sup Ted
sup buddy it was the first time you
stopped to look at us
alright
as he make it way in the cabin with
amperage until your roller boards in the
overhead bin which is a wheel or can go
first you are the worst influence on you
are look at your face guilty and guilty
she's like in the fridge Zoe you are not
even allowed in the kitchen are you
enjoying the pretty weather do your
rolls of course you freaking stop being
cute every time up there you oh you're
cute look at you show off for the camera
I love the camera so it's Christine's
birthday today and I was going to go to
Tallahassee because I really wanted to
see her but there's just a lot of stuff
that came up this weekend so I wasn't
able to go for her 21st and that is a
text message she got it and she oh my
god Zoe - oh my god so we're here at
Dana on our layover and Danny was he had
an interesting flight with a cougar and
she had leopard print all over the place
yeah I tried to say cougar print but
then somebody popped for me it was a
cougar brand what is black leopard print
that's a cougar right it's a big cat and
I just found out Jesse and Gina are
coming from Jersey because we're playing
out there so they're gonna actually come
to the show - which is gonna be cool we
were trying to think of something how we
can like prank Travis and I don't know
if we gonna have enough time but it'd be
pretty fun like Danny suggested maybe
doing like like changing his voice out
in the PA system but in his monitor he'd
be normal making him sound like Fred
Dumb and Dumber
wanna hear the most annoying sound in
the world we have both blankets that's
what this is what it's like in a manner
right now so jerseys just gonna be worse
sorry I haven't filmed a whole ton today
it's been a really nice day I was mostly
just relaxing outside with the girls but
I think we might go and grab some dinner
now the boys are off in New Jersey being
rock stars like are you video popping me
with food in your mouth you're
disgusting okay I'm actually like
freezing it's really cold out right now
are you still are you really eating so
nice cold guy buddy I bet it is 68
degrees right now
well I'm cold okay every time I come in
here to get dog food I'm like little
kitties oh look at him looking at me
thank you
you look like Halloween that's what you
look like oh that was really good
oh hello you're pretty high what is that
what is that oh my god get it get it I'm
just like it seriously breaks my heart
like either
I just want em I want to play workout
for real not with a cage it makes me so
sad which one oh pretty
oh wow beautiful you're so pretty
they're all like leave me alone and I've
been putting on a show all day I'm tired
I think we're here how it worked he
keeps talking to himself
what's up scoot I think I'm talking to
Charles be like I was hey you know what
time we play good Charles to start
talking about I'm talking to see this
Siri knows all are you eating
wait you know I concern about the
bending boy it's pretty cool Billy I
like how you're like working in this
really man environment right now you got
these saws and your brand-new baby right
there no big deal oh geez and there's
more over here I mean this is this is a
theater what's what's back here
oh it's back of the stage okay what's
going on
we're Armani so I just did a speed test
and I just have to show you guys this
this is the fastest internet I've pretty
much ever seen in my entire life
42 coming down and then 27 upload this
is Danny's makeshift bed
I think so and there's the stage right
there
I think there's yeah fine Scott guys all
right so we're just getting ready for
sound check snake over here you gonna
fix the basses get them all souped up
for the wireless system and everything
it's gonna see its first show you know I
think the girls deserve some cookies why
are you carrying that let me carry that
way my way
manly with your boots and your tech vest
for 1985 all right we got to go like
everything is Christmas it's not even
Halloween yet and everything is
Christmas Day Cora this is freaking me
out
is this not freaking you out I mean it's
making me really excited
it's freaking me out in a good way I
guess it also smells like 150 cinnamon
rooms I feel like if I were actually
creative I would be making cute stuff
out of all this wedding look here first
home
yeah I'm not creative there's a little
like ring pillows an engagement ring God
Mike for me
go and do your pockets bend over and
empty your pockets sir I feel safe
though with this but they could just do
this stuffed up actually we were all
getting kind of stuffed up in the green
room and we're just walking around this
is Jane keen keen University it's
actually it's really cool I this is why
I like coming up there like north and
stuff like that because you can actually
see the sounds it sounds so bad you can
see the seasons guys I'm just gonna let
snake vlog for me from now on it's in
Florida it's like Green or dead
there doesn't change it's drastic like
it's one to the other it's pretty campus
though it's kind of like Tallahassee
wait we're still in college right how
are we supposed to find the right color
and all of that literally hundreds of
options of ribbon we're trying to match
the bridesmaids gowns with ribbon right
now having kind of a tough time we think
we found something but I'm just not good
at this stuff okay I think we found a
winner but I think it's a beautiful
party you can't really see because it's
reflecting there you go is the difficult
search over will we find the appropriate
ribbon stay tuned for the next episode
of bridezillas
wait that's already a show dang it it's
like Christmas no needles no Charlotte
the bottle oh you can tell her all from
Florida oh you can tell her all from
Florida
Felix so happy smells so prickly that's
why I love so this is what I'm talking
about right here perfect example its
hibernating it's like a bear we can
watch some football it's a cool little
stadium though oh language so I want to
go look for some coffee and I'm kind of
lost
how come every time just before a show I
end up getting lost look car in all
seriousness is actually really beautiful
right now lake times like this makes me
want I live in the north but they don't
when it actually starts snowing I
remember why I don't want to other than
these guys
okay what are you eating
okay the treats for the dogs
I was like she opens the back damn I
love these things I mean when right now
I got em every time so much she hasn't
even he's in her dinner yet look at mama
got cookies no you better eat them
before mommy eat some all right this is
a stick-up
sit down this is a stick-up Joey put
your hands up no don't touch me
how many you read without Red Bulls
Mountain Dews happy ads I've had four
and a half right now getting regulated
and espresso and no no Red Bull
everything so fast I'm really well is
this thrash metal player yes it's put
it's literally not known you were there
so I didn't mention this earlier I
didn't get them on the phone in this
episode but my friends operating rnl
it's also their birthday today and
they're also turning 21 so big happy
birthday to them as well three major
birthdays today of my friends so I want
you to repeat what you just said to me
about what you wanted to make a video
response for I won't come over here come
to a light no I wanted to Grandma come
to the light but in my head and so I
started going oh well I mean you could
still do that now if you want to and
she's like meow I'm like yeah we're
talking about the same movie right no
what did what did you think it was
daughter's not the same movie movie ever
don't know if you guys remember you were
making fun of me look at this look at
this Danny your this is do you - look at
that white okay
white I shouldn't find that right well
white people no no no everyone was
saying it white ones girly it's not call
little bitch
nope no calls
no clearly I'm not a little bitch
it's faint voice now I can leave a
little bit so we're just kind of winding
down right now jump in camera what time
is it actually I'm not asking you ask me
Siri could you please ask Sarah could
you please ask they're kidding somebody
ask Siri for the 4:45 Lobby call so
we're just gonna try to pull this except
you you have a train just a reference
there's a hand I have big hands I think
so now one hand
two hands a little bit longer three
hands
I start here yep okay so it's two finger
legs we're doing finger legs it's about
six or seven index fingers all right
well we're just getting into the hotel
and there's already a bill we got two
hours of sleep
Travis is yelling at Siri over there in
the past week and a half
everyone's probably just like as this
like love affair with Siri all right
I'll see you guys tomorrow good night
yeah yeah that air turn on is
yes
with
with their visionary
you
