that was the problems there no bit of
problems
you're like that German cookie chairman
what is it it's a lock in
it's called or alkie
I don't even want to know where she got
good morning good afternoon good morning
afternoon Oh laughter Oh remember a
couple weeks ago when I went to get my
ear molds for my in-ear monitors for we
the kings well I just got notification
that oops the USPS lost my package so
we're gonna get it done again and we're
gonna send it with more reliable source
of mailing I guess could it really sucks
cuz a lot of the people that have come
to the shows have been like why why do
you keep fidgeting with your ear it's
because I'm using just like in earr like
headphones just regular headphones and
when I move around because I'm just I'm
rockin oh so hard no it's right if I
move my head slightly they pop out and
that's the click track I don't have to
click track as a bassist that's that's
bad that's that's very very bad so I
have to try to get this done again so
we're gonna go see the doctor
and hey now with her again she was
really nice maybe she'll let us film
again well let's try this again oops
just so we bitly round two of this ear
thing I'm sure joy really excited about
this yeah I'll check in to make sure and
here's don't have goopy oh you look
happy
that's the weirdest part when she took a
little bigger than what I know is just a
protection zone so doesn't go all the
way into his head what yeah thing is it
making me wishing oh there's a noise
again back in my head wishing that was
the other reason why we decided to come
back with you because you knew exactly
what the situation was yeah you don't
explain in a tango it seems like you
should not be allowing someone to stick
something goofy inside you know right I
had to do this at a friend's house the
other day like do a favorite oh yeah
because he wanted some swim clothes in a
house
same way and so as Houseman he has two
little girls huh that are ones start
transfer of stuff in your mouth okay
Charles has a big head touch the way you
got this up you got the stuff look at
that those might use this is in my head
look at this all my arms hurt so bad
from doing all those push-ups
my arms hurt what did you do you know
you're in trouble
what's that what is that Marley what did
you do
Marley why is your head so round I can't
stay mad at you
yeah that's right you better act super
cute so we had this newfangled obsession
with this toy and Zoey is panicking
right now
because earlier she's burying her face
in the blankets and like just pacing
around the house like a nervous like
mother I don't know what's going on yeah
I think this you might be protecting it
I don't know what she thinks
Kimmy Zoey are you going talk dirty to
me
the carpet needs that huming that's true
take 15 maybe one of these days I'll
actually give my suit fitted I actually
remembered my shoes this time you come
here often
you're fixing it that's a sweet baby I
was adorable look like James Bond
yesterday never better
do you wash it oh yeah that's the one
looks good oh my god no I put that away
I want to Jersey Shore put that away
please okay baby cute but you look you
know to hopefully look very tight boys
you look to it like a toy good what is
that yes put it in the skin box come on
you don't know what that is oh thank you
so I'm waiting in line right now outside
the Apple Store for an iPhone 4 but I'm
holding an iPhone 4
waiting for one Charles inside doing I
don't know what
being Charles an apple store and I'm
waiting out here I feel like we're like
we got a message look what Charles just
sent me you should film you waiting for
an iPhone like a nerd into my job do
this every single person who has walked
by had said something about how
ridiculous it is that we're still
waiting in line even though it dropped
like a week ago
everybody's still saying how ridiculous
it is it's been it's you know what it's
a good marketing ploy
people waiting in line
three water
in the front of the line all the sheeple
she wouldn't let him open it or me open
20 minutes later I bought TV oh you want
to see a funny video this Google Apple
iPhone by Apple it's one of my first
videos Wow so what happened was Ali was
using my old i4 and she's been saving
she's been saving like a responsible
adult and now she finally got her first
I devised a an idea did you seriously
just day oh but since this is the white
ones were totally sold out because
they're way cooler she had to get the
black one some probably beautiful woman
is texting me right now everyone in the
comments was calling me girly for have
the white one you know what you know
what she has a white one travis has a
white one snake snake has one too
they're not girls yesterday marked our
900th video a 900 day filming the CTFxC
and I was so curious on what day will
the hundred out of the 1000 that's that
day but 1000 stay why I can take 1000
now
one thousand a thousand one thousand why
can't I say one one not one thousand
like it it's a 1000 then it 1000 1000 be
hard cuz I'm going to actually ask if
somebody suggested in the comments ask
Siri so we're gonna do this what day
will it be 100 days from yesterday this
works
Wednesday January you guys make fun of
me all you want I can't say thousand one
thousand trying to say it try to say it
back try it you try to say one thousand
so you can't do it off actually I have
an idea
we'll see what it would be 900 days from
today what day will it be 900 days from
today
works
things like freakin taken over the Wiz
this is Skynet 8:05 2014
so we'll be we'll be doing 1800 days
april 5th 2014 while I'm doing
everything with a really bad list now
everything is really bad with a lift the
guys I'm I'm embarrassed I'm gonna tell
me how to do it
Siri what do you look like naked she
figured out how to do it without
pressing the button Oh tell me how to do
it well how you doing settings and then
you go to general and you go to Siri and
down at the bottom it says raise to
speak ah that's because that I'm a man
and I don't read directions right so I
guess if you guys didn't know that's
awesome okay I'm gonna do that so I'm
bringing Allie Zoe Marlee and on the
regimen of running four to five miles a
day how you guys feeling Oh anyway so
we're trying to do five miles a day
running and so far I've been doing it
since Sunday or Saturday so doing good
whoo hey do you shower so I was thinking
about like why they chose Siri to be a
girl and Allie just started speaking
okay was that French used in French okay
do it again
je t'aime silly
LT mental of a serious that will boy
only you would figure that out there's
only you can speak like 17 languages
what about Spanish it's only French
German and French what do you say I'm
good so serious now a boy if you're
French and hot and French so ah all you
bitch is thinking that Syria is only for
dudes with a hot woman voice guess what
I've got a hot french guy on my phone no
now you just have to speak French the
entire do German we just discovered
there's another Siri voice
it's liberties
yet still about there's three Siri
voices stop it stop it hit was this all
like Family Guy it's like wait hold on I
got something for you
looky there we go okay I'll stop messing
with Zoey
I'll stop messing with Zoey Internet I'm
sorry all right guys this is the secret
phrase Haley Haley Haley tonight
good night good I'll see you guys
tomorrow good night
you
giddy with child tripping
we don't forget
