hello I'm gonna try to open it you
should totally tweet though alright do
you guys see this as your comments
section cuz like if you reply to
somebody it'll do this it's kind of like
almost like Twitter but I'm noticing I
can't do video responses anymore and I
posted on I posted on Twitter and
everyone thinks I'm crazy so I wanted to
film it to make sure that I'm not the
only one so tell me if this is what your
comment section looks like and how do I
add video responses I kind of like it
it's really nice looking but it just
it's my the only one that has this so is
this true love is this what she love
looks like my dad got a crosstie for my
mom a vanilla one and she wants Oreos in
it however she hates the cream inside
the Oreos so my dad takes the cream eats
it and puts just the cookies in there
makes it firm that's true
nuts problem with Oreos you can never
you can never look attractive eating an
Oreo so are you trying to understand rap
meet my boyfriend Lil Wayne so I can
understand him this is from the dr. Dre
song let me ride and the lyric is I used
to have to get my stroll on and it means
some time ago before I was able to
afford a nice vehicle to drive around in
and short of asking for rides from
friends taking the bus or traveling in a
taxicab to various places I had to
resort to the only viable form of
transportation available ie using my own
two feet to casually walk from place to
place
and come-ons nice for only three bucks
at Spencer's I when I'm just buying her
present for the bridal shower I was in
Spencer's for an hour and a half this
from the 50 Cent's off just a little bit
my diamonds my feted and my mink on this
means I like my attire to consist of
crystals that were mined from beneath
the earth's surface a head covering that
conforms perfectly to the size of my
crown without requiring an unsightly
plastic adjustment strap and the fur of
a small forest dwelling weasel leg
creature that provides both comfort and
warmth and now you know that just
happened okay I've been really nervous
about scratching the iPhone with it so I
was like you know what what would be
cute and themed and also protected so
I'm like Halloween so these are my
brother socks when he was six years old
my iPhone we filled up because I get the
time 2.25 day back orders yeah we are
calling all the stores around I was
gonna try and get a new one but you're
such a dork
what attack dork I'm awesome person
shattered this phone it was like either
drop
just talk louder the server that we have
is a really really nice girl whose name
I care about man Amanda could you and
teamwork be had surfaced before I should
watch the videos is the blog where the
power went out Olive Garden and that's
right and the house was on fire yes it
was like psycho weird that you're
holding a camera or like a tripod
it's okay how do I go buddy don't molest
your more not tripod to me ping thank
you sister brother bye bye
I'm more like a quad pod because I'm
awesome like four people I can hurt
somebody
this is probably your longest clip that
you've ever Padres keep going on take
off a Guardians talk about Howard so
what are you drinking water okay like
raspberry peach okay sweetie water and
water and Simon's
iPhone talking with empty my glasses cuz
we're not drinking good go I thought
that we sampled the Riesling Rieslings
pretty sweet pretty sensual okay this is
the most excited about
oh yes pumpkin
you guys don't even understand this you
guys I wait all year for this time of
year it's true she's cake no you're
right no I can't
I'm a new ready wait whose is that was a
Becca and we were in the shoe store and
she started filming like oh yeah the
camera Internet is this the longest clip
unedited that we've ever done we're at 2
minutes and 43 seconds right now this
one might be the record thank you I'm
sorry going why not quite ok I don't
know how long it'll record me for a
minute I'm just gonna place this on my
glass here and just let you you have to
talk you can't just being so awkward
thank you where we're going for a record
longest clip we've ever recorded that's
right we just said that how weird it was
in the power went out and it was like
disaster day she actually knocked the
power out that's true yeah she's like oh
but you know what you didn't though and
it was a great memory to never forget I
feel like we should just keep going yeah
we're at 3 minutes and 30 seconds after
we're done I think we're done are we
done
yeah we're done oh that happens all the
time I'm totally used to that okay
that's really not a big deal yeah we're
good
is it really you know what honor 900 say
why don't uh turn Wow Wow
I just watched it like four minutes into
the clip I just screwed up
that's your face I slap your face oh
it's that she thinks it's a gun
so as oh so it's okay it's okay sunny
thing so he she's as you could tell
she's not like guns get distracted with
the flashlight simple-minded anyway Ali
found a nest of brown widow spiders
where are they Zoey it's okay what are
all those things all hanging from this
Wow
holy crap look at how many xxxx there
are different that's a brown widow
ah Jesus you're going in the water there
are two of them
wicked no the cat wanted dogs go here
all the time
parks see the belly how it's really
orange and how the legs have like bars
on those are brown widows that's a lot
of friggin eggs yeah and they're really
oh that's uh I'm gonna hold us and I
want you killing anybody
normally guys I'm not about killing
animals but these things are freakin
deadly as black widows because we're not
usually about killing insects or bugs
but yeah and the cat and a dog I'll go
here all the time she would oh she would
totally do it
oh wait that one so whoa uh a ghost
story okay sorry oh where you go all she
wants is that in your hand
please gonna have it of course I hate
spiders and it has to be the freakiest
freaky deaky spider-man not the good one
after Tobey Maguire one you can't really
see the hourglass aiesec wanted
Oh pea-brain turn yeah whoop-whoop
lashley doing it the cats just like
staring in Zoe like come at me bro come
at me bro go at her calling you out Zoe
so have you been tweeting for my account
huh
for everyone who's been following me and
Ali on Twitter I even seen probably
random tweets from Zoe and Marlee with
that little doohickey so far we were
like at replying me like Charles are you
okay that's how we know those people
don't watch the vlog uh-huh have you
been tweeting - it'd be really funny if
I think and actually read the dog's mind
or no oh my god it'd be even more crazy
if I come home and Zoe or Marlee are
sitting exactly where Ali is pause on
the up hold on I got I got an idea
I'm just I'm just trying to tweet let me
alone mom are you tweeting no but in all
seriousness Marlee you got up there way
too easy to hear thing clanging do you
think clanging but right now in your
water bowl oh my gosh so you remembered
this morning when I was telling you guys
the comments were all funky and I
couldn't do it video responses check
this out what's it look at this it's
totally different
I wasn't lying look at this now you can
see the video response thing I cannot
believe today marks 900 days of
consecutive vlogging 900 and look at
this little princess say this is all
mine all this is mine
just don't touch it that's actually
crazy I think about actually I got a
question because we're a hundred away
from a thousand does anyone want to do
the math and try to figure out what day
we're gonna hit a thousand if you guys
figure it out tell me in the comments -
spanned the comments with that day that
will be
1,000 days that wow it's just that's
crazy like 900 days we've been filming
every single day of our life what are
you doing getting getting angry at your
iPhone I just wanted to express my
gratitude my r attitude gratitude
actually a good question how many of you
are like watching the vlog I'm like did
Charles do something to his hair did he
color his hair and then a couple you
guys noticed I accidentally shaved my
beard off my beard trimmer was supposed
to be on three and it was on one and it
went off but I don't know everyone's
been saying I should go back to my my
beardless self what do you think
beardless charles or bearded charles and
since we forgot yesterday the secret
word the secret word for today is
pumpernickel yes just pumpernickel in
the comments so people are like wow
these people really like pumpernickel
ants this is day 900 I thought I'd
upload a bonus video so you can click
right here check it out I upload it on
YouTube calm sass trippy it's uh it's
it's pretty trippy yeah you all do this
face again I promise you all do this
face so if you do type it in the
comments over there and check it out
bonus video 8900 thank you guys for
being so awesome go enjoy that video
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
yes
we
you
