and welcome to another episode of melv
long we don't really have a title I just
do this a lot fragile fragile e checking
it out Zoe looking for dog toys big yep
that would be great
this is from Eric a from Huffington
Beach California what's this dog treats
Oh what is this hold on oh it's a bunch
of paper cranes and then yep this is
them this is their dog dogs oh I like
how I completely just bypass this whoops
keep sniffing Marley we just ran two and
half miles come on we're trying to get
you in shape hey hey careful careful
Marley careful you want to explain to
him how you destroy that that's right
she thought it was sorry she's thought
was food here might wanna wear it
gotcha she's like you're doing it all
wrong you're doing it completely wrong
and you're not open it up in a box it's
got to be something in there she's
freaking out
is there something in there she figured
it out she knew wow she just knew you're
on a doggie diet you can't have any guys
don't send dog treats they're under
there hunt doggy diets that's creepy
that's creepy that's really good though
I like that there's like a Tim
burton-esque all right so this is from
Scott and Pam from Ohio
and I sent some photos of their dog like
Kobe you can count maybe she can count
did you guys see what happened to Sesame
Street yesterday on YouTube yeah this
one might somebody directed at you let's
trade kimberly-clark
that's how I knew because that's a
company not any company oh I get the pit
put him on over your pants IDs oh my god
Wow
the big diaper this is the front oh yes
I feel like quail man you are quail man
you need a belt adorable these two girls
Katie and Natalia from Slovakia and they
wrote a letter first of all I would like
to excuse our English skills we are not
professionals in this they wrote we are
excited mainly for your forthcoming
wedding parenthesis our alarm clocks are
already set what is it guys that nopperz
oh wow even better little troll face
over here from Gabi look it'll match all
your leopards are you eating that is it
dang dang okay Internet okay do you did
you ever eat viennetta do you guys
remember viennetta it's an ice cream
cake this tastes like viennetta but just
like a candy bar of Vienna so it's kind
of like space food oh my god no it's
like amazing food well here this will
match all your leopard stuff now CTFxC
for the win
did you what this person is insanely
like holy crap effect and right it's
amazing handwriting who is it
that's me the girls will do this some
more artwork you guys are so good I love
it
no mark she's doing I like I love like
looking at the depictions that you guys
think of us ask you I mean like what the
big faces I always have the ginormous
freaking head so thank you for that and
Marley's always doing something bad like
she's doing now actually you're being
booked oh they're both being good I'm
glad I ran him for like two miles before
this Lela or Lilla kay from Austin Texas
thank ya this is I like your face
this is from cami we're like oh it's
didn't have a proper address so I can't
see the full dress but anyway it made it
and she sent a photo of her basically on
every computer in the Apple store in
every iPod and iPad
she put the internet killed television
youtube.com slash internet kill TV this
channel where you're watching ok there's
a roundabout way of saying she spammed
the Apple Store so Thank You kami that's
yep proof there's the culprit there oh
look at the flip cam Thank You Sydney
well this is like yep she's looking at
member Shan Shan I probably pronouncing
it wrong that's why I wanted to show it
to you because letters could be zombies
too guys
you didn't know that it's a real problem
you'll see you'll find out soon enough
oh and definitely my new best friend
because they blacked out their address
oh it's awesome I wish you could see
it's like 3d the only one I can see is
like Ariel that which is now Jessie
pretty much what's out with all the
girls which one are you now mmm yeah
don't you guys have a goalie bail your
bail yeah which ones dot dev probably
jasmine and then Jessie's
area and then Aubrey and I Ella the
blondes this is from world clotheslined
calm this is that cool cubby they send
us some stuff before this for my friend
Mallory
yeah she's sent some stuff but before
basically what they do is kind of like
toms where you bite you they send a shoe
to a person in need they do it with
clothes so this is a really cool shirt
so awesome nibs on this one dibs
thanks Mallory yeah you guys want to go
check it out it's world clothes like
world clothesline calm like you know
clothesline I do into the Rico oh wow
that is really I look awesome in that
one I wish I was that cool-looking
Jennifer a from Michigan oh my god
like I was like totally different things
it's like I'm like nerdy out like
nerding out right here and then
I hear like yeah I'm like Johnny Cage
I'm Johnny Cage I mean I might even
notice that what's wrong guys
you're getting frustrated over there
look at her she perked up she's like
hopeful hopeful no and let's pan over
Marley's but okay this is from Tasha I'm
really the one with the cool rapping I
like the wrapping already wow wow that's
awesome
is it okay so let's see she drew this
and like put it inside a pendant like
she sealed it in there it's not how did
she make it I don't know but she has a
look at I like I say this every mail
vlog but you guys there's like so many
talented people out there artists of
passionate color creations that's really
really cool I guess she was on like Duke
vending this event for handmade jewelry
and she's like she said she's sorry she
doesn't have anything man appropriate
for you no that's okay I'll just steal
that Sam C and I have to say thank you
it's a stylus for like the iPad and
stuff which is actually really helpful
cuz I had to do these like signature
things for like like a project I was
doing and I had to do it with my finger
so this just in the nick of time dude
ladybug ear buds and these pretty too
Jessica from California for Julie it's
for Julie oh here we go here we go no
more depressive Marley no more
depressive Zoey here comes trouble
set get the toy she's so tired okay I'll
get it there we go that's good thank you
I'll chew this there you go Marley there
you go oh wow oh now we got that in the
background Wow a giant sea turtle
that is am a heavy it's all like shells
so many shells all made of shells that's
so big giant turtle excuse me excuse me
this is from Haley D from Florida is
this is a brilliant oh my god
chef trippy what do you think I can
spill stuff on myself hey chef chef
trippy chef shubee this is it oh that's
so funny that's awesome TV how's the TV
broken everything's upside-down like
what this is from Dean dear Charles and
Ally I present this camera back to you
as a way to keep us safe while you are
on the road it will allow for us to
remain safely in position and stop
sliding around the dashboard so you just
like set it right here that's a pretty
good panning this is a really good idea
that is amazing I want to make this my
new profile photo it inspires her a
buttload when she watches our videos
thank you Oh like that that's really
good
check it out the turtle yeah my lord Wow
they're happy now
oh that's gonna be good for Zoey puppy
tweets puppy on a lasso get actual
tweets from your dog puppy tweets if
you're not following Ali and myself it's
at Charles Trippy and at alley speed
I'll put all this stuff in the video
description right here on the screen
we're gonna set it up so Marley and Zoey
can tweet Marley you're not supposed
equal can we get some sparkling water
for the toilet bowl she's trying to eat
hey don't eat that it smells like
something weird
Marley Marley these guys are worse than
children
I think they're gonna eat your face I
really was the best toy in the world
it's the best toy in the world Judy I
think you single-handedly found Zoe's
favorite toy
okay there's always almost six years old
I've never seen her act like this like
watching a child learn to walk really Oh
will you go back there you know I'm
filming you a new stop from Brittany V
from Utah and it looks like some hand
knitted yeah it's like potholders which
is good because we always burn our hands
with paper towels and what I mean we
I just mean me guys are so insanely
talented all right this is all from
Katie from California how cool is this
is that Joey bug socks that has our
names all painted on it this is from
Gabriel from Singapore he made this
journal and it took him two months and
he put all these little images well I go
back okay that was really that was
drawing yeah pitches and sketches and
just awesome stuff in here pants ooh
this is great it's really cool and then
as his ally went to the dark side he
sent some iPhone cases so she can't drop
her phone
what is it Zoe is it is it the middle
cord couple cord all they have is a
twitter name at CH RI v t-1 nal YNN I
don't even know are you ready for this
oh my gosh
I don't know what to do okay
yeah my what is this thing oh babe
that's her name is Christina win oh yeah
kind of dings two hacks are like what is
this a giant awesome toy that was the
mail vlog for today it looks like
everyone's happening yeah again thank
you guys so much for sending stuff you
guys don't have to send things like this
and it's really cool to see all the
artwork that you are able to do because
you if you've ever seen my stuff I've
said this once the life stones about a
million times I can just barely do stick
figures so thank you guys so much
really appreciate it and all those
awesome letters that you guys sent so
yeah same to the mail vlog we'll do
another one down the road toward the end
of this so you can click and it'll take
you back to the vlog because this would
probably uploaded first if you watch
this before the vlog so I'll see you
guys over the vlog and we'll see you at
the next vlog vlog vlog vlog vlog vlog
vlog bye
