dr. tenten tenten tenten Dino mannered
so today the four GS came out and as you
can tell I get the white one because
okay but we said myself in the face of I
show you guys something because I always
switched like when I had the 3G I had
the black one then G has to went with
the white 4G one with the black tour GS
had to go with the white and whites cool
right
White's manly are you ready for my my
unboxing it all it is is it's my
unboxing like that beautiful unboxing
yes it's so pretty
turn on quicker so it looks like the
boot screams a little bit different okay
the boot scream oh that's like a
computer still activating oh my god I
guess one thing they did drop is they
got rid of the whole plugging into your
computer thing this is like this is like
men learning how do they do housewife
stuff okay okay we go half oh yeah this
is hilarious I just had to break out the
camera for this man moment nope
you're missing a step you had to go you
had to go quarter-pounder on that one
but she didn't no not on that side the
other side this right here this one
right here yeah oh look at you go on
your you know what that warrants a
high-five good job you did it have fun
babe he's not even not looking Hey
that's Danny's seat he's gonna get
pissed at you oh okay
Marley you get a lot of sass in that
face it's funny I still cannot get this
stupid thing to activate
it's still trying to activate this is
ridiculous
I thought honestly the launch of this
iPhone was gonna be completely like
smooth but of course of course there's
those little speed moments okay yeah
actually you know what okay tell them
why you were making fun of me for
getting the white one
she thinks it's girly it's a little
girly it's not girly the white one is
not girly okay seriously is the white
one girly yeah
the peanut gallery back there it's not
girly oh you should get a black one and
I should get a white one so we could be
bride and groom magnificus white is cool
right it's it's what time it is it is
stitches removal time I don't want to do
this okay do this is that an option you
might feel a little tug because I see
that he put one running suture so it
done it'll be one cut and one okay now
you'll be fine I'm not scaring you yeah
rips my skin out that's
Oh God all right I'm sure this is a very
attractive and go by well I better
oh that's much better son dream I'm
gonna wake up yeah you're done hey I
know why I didn't mean to make you know
you don't need to be nervous
I thought I'm gonna have my eye skin I'm
gonna do peel off in one fell swoop
perfect not too bad like who's lip first
who's guest Steven Tyler maybe or like
engine Scarlett Johansson yeah Angelina
Jolie somebody with like a giant like
the girth of the moon upper lip could
clean this spin I mean that's like
impossible would you have to do this way
I think it's because most people do
either frosty upside upside down all
right we haven't checked the peel Bach
know what wait what is that
what is it look at that hair that is
awesome hair
that's like Donald Trump yeah we just
witness for Donald oh oh my god those
are thumbnails these are thumbnails of
all of our video so who made this who
made it mark okay I got a do a look at
this video macro this is awesome that is
crazy
I get nine hundred of them probably
CTFxC Wow mark this is this is killer
it's kind of funny because I'm like
teleporting back to the day when I see a
thumbnail like I remember that day that
was in New York or I remember that day I
think it's time for a mail vlog go this
is awesome it finally started working
and now it's just backing up from the
cloud the ultimate cloud so I was
getting some things taken care of at the
bank before the weekend and the guy was
like they're gone I can't open doors the
guy was like hey have you ever thought
about getting a safety deposit box for
like your passports and social security
stuff you don't like the stuff that's in
the safe and I'm like no but then I get
to thinking like I want to open up a
safe deposit box at like a high security
like Bank or something like that but I
don't want to put something valuable in
it I want to put something so random
like a single Jolly Rancher or like one
paperclip just to see you every time I
go and I'm like yeah I would like to see
my safe deposit box and then I just open
it up you know that's supposed to look
but I know somebody's gonna like plants
and it's just a single paperclip and Meg
they'd be like dude it's not like George
Washington's paperclip but I want to do
something that's a little bit more
random and like funnier so I was
thinking like well who would have some
really good ideas so in the comments
tell me if you could open up a safety
deposit box there security box at a
high-security bank or something like
that what random thing like monopoly
peace like what random thing would you
put in there it can't be something
valuable it has to be something so
random and ridiculous tell me let's uh
let's have a contest to see who has the
most ridiculous thing I said a paper
clip
no you know what I wish I should put the
top
monopoly peace that would be pretty
random Ali is going to the dark side
we're gonna actually get up giving her
my old iPhone 4 since the other ones are
sold out and it's we're having the
hardest time figuring out how to do it
so luckily there's a Verizon store and
then there's an AT&T store so he's gonna
walk in my state hopefully not die by
hey cross the streets like this we're
good we're gonna die no we're good
Google search for bananas searching
where can i buy drugs
I love you Syd
she switched to the dark side now I get
to look forward to drop calls left and
right
all right guys
dennis is wrote you a secret message see
if you guys can decrypt it anybody in
the comments
you need to crip this ya decrypt it
decode the in so as you can tell they're
related decrypt is not a word okay
so Dennis made a code for you guys and
see if you can decode it should we give
them a hint it's boolean algebra the law
what is the definition of decrypt
come on Siri convert code into ordinary
language Siri said Thank You Siri so
I've been playing her a little bit more
watch this what do you look like naked
dirty too what's the meaning of life can
I talk yeah that's good question do you
think Melissa Trippi is amazing
it was a boy but it was another question
up are you serious Charles I'm serious
this is so cool I can spend hours
where were you made hi sorry was
designed by Apple in California oh I
love her what does your name mean what
does my name mean I don't think I can
explain it in your language what
language does she do you want to get
lucky I have very few wants no penis
I'll pretend I didn't hear that my boob
Charles I don't understand well the big
cat fit in the tiny box that is going to
be one gun comfortable cast she fits
right in there okay I see it no there's
that no my phone I was like she won't
let me do it she wants the entire
experience
okay you're on a first phone and is it
official so is this your new bed
Yeah right good night what are you doing
over here
huh you fall asleep too I'm officially
obsessed really how much wood could a
woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could
chuck wood how much wood could a
woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could
chuck wood oh my gosh well on that note
I think it's time to go to bed as you
can tell I'm going to be playing with
Siri quite a lot but I'm sorry you
notice she's kind of just kind of
smartass thing you think Ellie she
doesn't know everything she today's
secret phrase should just be like series
of smartass that's that's that's the
secret phrase today's series of smartass
anyway
alright guys I'm gonna go to bed I will
see you guys tomorrow are you happy
you've been addicted to that hey what
was that is that you're like you're like
hungry angry face or is that your happy
face if you guys can think of anything
awesome that we can ask Siri tell me in
the comments I'll scroll through any
questions
apparently I mean you guys have seen
today some of the questions I just
thought of and it responded so if you
have anything that I should ask it write
in the comments and guys pay attention
for the really really good ones and
thumb them up so we can make sure to see
him so uh yeah I look forward to seeing
those questions I'll see you guys
tomorrow good night good night Siri
goodnight
worse
giddy with trippy
with Josephine early
