ported me do you have any Grey Poupon
isn't that funny when you randomly think
of up I know lucy's my I see squirrels
when you randomly think of a commercial
that you grew up with like that pulls at
the 90s 80s it was like it had of in the
80s there's so many like remember like
hey he likes it Mikey can't park there
not a ranger Ranger parking you're like
it's mine tonight we're gonna go to
hallow scream we're gonna go again our
underwear scared what that doesn't make
any sense dot ave Melissa Melissa coming
and Danny are they're all coming up and
then we're gonna go run around hallow
scream and hopefully uh I'll just get a
crap out of Ali I'm totally gonna scare
up I'm like Marley enough squirrel how
are you guys you have it a good day so
far I know it just started but I having
a good day hey it was like well there's
this girl what this is cool there she go
I wonder what she would do if she
actually caught a squirrel I don't think
she could come on Zoe she hates that
thing I think she'd get used to so I
feel like what am I three years she's
been wearing that you guys have been
around as long as that stupid things
been around a little turkey gobble
gobble gobble mr. turkey better run
November's coming get over here turkey
oh that's exactly the same she gets so
close she doesn't know what to do she's
just tumbles you all right yeah you
thought it was gonna run and they're off
dog squirrel chase and dog squirrel
chasing dogs go chasing squirrels barley
get out I think you know she's around
he's gonna get it never gets old never
gets old Marley there's a squirrel
trying to get in their car looks like ol
pissed off she is no no it too close to
the road guys what is it Zoe oh you
don't care so yeah it looks like the the
second base just finally here which is
awesome so excited yeah the reason why a
lot of you guys might be wondering why
we have to have two bases is because a
lot of the songs that we play are in
different tuning like drastic tuning so
when I'm playing one base like what I'm
playing a sunburst Billy's in the back
tuning all our guitars and then I switch
to this base so that way the you know
the shows go really like you know it's
smooth it's fast the transitions they're
not a lot of time between songs so yeah
that's just a little little little
secret you guys wanted we're curious why
I had to base asanas awesome you know I
feel like if you're like in Pulp Fiction
like I should have it remember when we
always with the the shoes that's right
the shoes all right guys ready ready
this is base number two are you guys
ready but first let's take a commercial
break I'm just kidding oh oh my gosh
that looks so sweet holy crap that looks
awesome amazing looking s Ali you guys
see this holy crap this is awesome I
don't want to say guitar is sexy but
this is one sexy guitar geez that's cool
looking at a check it out check check
check it out check it out check
did you bring your hand isn't that one
awesome it's really good so pretty no
it's really good thing Oh see it's just
a sec to do see there it is right there
the 60th anniversary oh there you guys
are look at the the wood grain oh you
can see it ah this is such an obsolete
internet now it's time for some serious
naming what do we name this one and what
do we name this one you know what else
is actually really really awesome not
only are these amazing amazing basis but
you guys got to choose these you chose
the ones you chose both these and I just
I think it's really cool you only mean
like you guys you guys you made the
decision now you get the name them you
got you you guys picked them you have to
name him you have to take care of them
I guess is how you get going for always
four nights whole inter cup goes to put
it away and just tips it upside down you
serious so we're still trying to park
apparently it's avi theme today right
right Danny a zombie right now now we
can see I'm unimpressed by the way I
thought there would be zombies like a
parking people everywhere zombies here
handing out orders oh wait some finger
food okay I'm gonna turn it off made it
was it guys everybody keep it up
sobbing oh my god
too many
oh sure ol is walking around in a back
bend like the exercise oh really
hello hello oh you got zombie blood
that's some zombie bombs yes we all got
zombie borrow so we're trying to like
figure out how to not be in the way
tastes like medicine does the opposite
hallow scream alright guys let's go get
scared I think I'm sweating and I'm
tired we got me copy the first time it's
ever happened they got me so dark
Nevermore oh look we made it on the
other side of the sign yeah yep pseudo
entrance Oh ready to go ruining
everything like people hurting
Oh
Oh
something like they reset while I was
there they get to see everything from
behind although one guy got Danny and me
is back to back I'm gonna give that one
like at eight or nine that was a really
good one out of 10 I'm 10 really you ten
you want to go 10 all right now is that
any of these things oh that's true that
was your very first one it's awesome
nice god that's amazing don't kill it
kill it sweating profusely have a
headache between you two is like
it's like zombieland perfect I hope this
is where all the zombies are how many
some creepy horrible music
I got
oh there's a zombie there's another
zombie toffee what's the scariest thing
you could possibly say puppy derp that's
what the other guys had 100 house turn
welcome to the line line almost here
finally that only took like three hours
it's okay I'm ready
I'm so good was a headphone me and that
was really good
that's where she is that where Melissa
head-butted him that is awesome turtle
scary turtle fun he's scared of a zombie
turtle like a slow-moving Julie turtle
it depends if I had a broken leg and I
was stuck on the ground maybe or if you
were to fun and they're just like
siga giant connect set you guys ready to
go to a nightclub we're gonna rave
Redford's walking to my casino or so
you've all seen already how are you to
be pretty awesome yeah CD are you
thirsty are you thirsty oh here's
something sure you don't want any maybe
should work on his hands
I'm pretty cool
club was a good club look at that look
at what's your name did Spencer yeah I
turned around trying to find everybody
hi I had I look back I was like what not
and my first blog was with you is like
the most view 5 or something o.o you
long that's right get a hug
please name name that movie you be my
new best friend oh no I would say that
was a success you're fun are you tired
retirees are the best like I'm little
Esther notice we did three of it on it
look at this oh it's cold oh yeah like
Danny all right I got my own sticks
Packer day I walk around with it every
day I had to do it had to do it so so
we're playing a game that I've actually
never played ever in my entire life is
called power outlet I don't suggest it
nice face sweetie this is gonna be a
look at this I'm trying to get the vlog
edited so it'd be up by the time I'm
good I'm good you look so good right now
because you're wearing a hood good I'll
pull the puns I'm so full drinking Roy
is that a riot oh yeah where's
combination and everything but the
chickens chicken fetus think about it
that's where the chicken egg is chicken
fetus unfertilized what translate we're
not drunk party where you guys secrets
don't make friends so Danny just found
his old livejournal and I would have to
say he's we'll put these all in 140
characters or less because this is gold
this is from 2005-2006 I I like myself
from 2005 i'm reading shooting myself
laughs in the future this is kind of
like riding a big zipper face i'm just
going to take my new all my tweets are
gonna be this excerpt from 2006 yeah
okay lift your right foot up and then do
like a circle och wise motion with your
finality right hand do the number 6 it
changes direction it's amazing I don't
understand why I can't
with your with the right foot lift your
your foot up go clockwise right and then
with right hand do the number six your
foot will change directions here's
here's another gem from ethyl a journal
it take the sentence I didn't say he
beat his wife right okay now put an
emphasis on each word and you will have
seven different sentences like I didn't
say he'd be his wife and you could say I
didn't say he beat his wife gun Mayo is
apparently you have mail for all 2005
right now this is great I didn't stay he
beat his wife oh I see we're saying say
he beat his wife is crazy unless you
have seven different sentences and this
is how i can get to like sarcasm doesn't
work on the internet in something that
i'm trying to break into mine i found my
username but i can't figure out she's
logged into 2004 apparently how'd you
get on dialogues house was I'm going
friends over leave comment to enter that
you wouldn't leave
10 of hearts yes hey sorcerer yeah i
guess the duck face duck face you're
welcome
on youtube
wait
hey where's easy at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
where's with trusted be an ally
you
