if you pull one bear hair comes with
lumber cardinalities I think mother I'm
not sure I think so pick one three more
three more will come get it out
there's that many is it like a like
white Ivan silver you love me
if I come into a silver car hopefully if
I actually turn into a superbug for
white cow I was gonna say what about if
I just look like Doc what's your handle
effort stuff nothing but I can't tell
it's great it's like you know it's kind
of funny as people pay a lot of money to
get like gray right here now you just
wait a couple years look um
wow there's really that many you think I
couldn't get an x-ray just feel like you
just pulling hair no you had one right
here so she's not lying on this one like
a monkey right now if I hair that long
fill it up with that little man bun we
got thanks show your man bun oh just a
heads up people were asking I think
Friday these are actually going to be on
the site apparently the freight from
VidCon to dftba got stopped somewhere I
guess they thought they were smuggling
something what no it's what they said
there's no they didn't think there was I
just read your badge oh I like what what
the Hat will be on the site to give XP
Merce calm that's the game plan Friday
if it changes I will let you guys know
but we wanted to make sure it was least
this week oh I don't know one coming out
a little faster yes that's the way here
all this stress and continue I'm gonna
head in here phone calls are now is it
ceasing for a little bit losing like
freaking mind it's all I've been doing
today's emails and some phone calls
freaking broken camera and give that
taken care before we go for the trip I
want to make sure we don't have a crappy
camera that's broken especially for a
beautiful trip that we will be taking so
for the four hundred times going to get
a camera taking this time because that
is not
for one the storm is coming funding is
real adult ik thing we haven't had that
turn on the sprinkler system and
probably two months sulking victory
right there unfortunately we have to
take Ali's ring back because one of the
diamonds is kind of goofed up so I'm
wearing the other ones that no this was
snapped in half
so she hated on something I get to snap
in half right now we're just trying to
be proactive and get it taken care of
but unfortunately we have to take the
ring back just for a little bit couple
days and it's a warrantees everyone
knows I'm the king of warranties
whispering sometimes more keys don't
work and sometimes they do all right let
me see what's good stuff can't really
see right now got her to see yeah you
can't actually think so what it is a
bond bind did it back together but they
said that it's not safe and like now the
big stones turning so I have to take it
back I don't know if it got snagged or
what but it was back when I went to
playlist live it basically snapped right
here diamond fell out another diamond
fell out here now the whole ring is
unstable something's so beautiful that
you got for me and it just makes me
really sad
well the good thing is that they're
singing and also the good thing is if
the diamond the big diamond ever fell
out they would replace it with the
equivalent or better that's what's not
talking about not going to lose it
because that's not going to happen so we
have to take back the ring again well
likely actually get to replace the ring
with exact ring which is actually kind
of nice well not going to need these
things anymore
sunglasses away
now I look like I'm a music video and
that I am moving crazy there's a button
up at the clouds are going through it
I'll hear while those runs in I got a do
time lapse nervous in the clouds rooms
like them and so long and I'm sorry we
should try to find some games are some
challenges we have this one that we
found the other day that I can't want to
play on the next holidays it looks
freaking awesome here you come in right
you're such a creep get out of there you
wanna go to the park you shake it shake
again hole-in-one wow you are such a
good guitarist how did I know I would
find you over here playing with this
place the spinning ball what that is
like that one the wall up the Lambie you
are I get it go in the ball there's such
a good ball more than a little concern
so there's really cool toys now for kids
all right let's go
it's funny half these games on here we
already did challenges like toilet
trouble with gymnastic fantastic
gymnastics we did obviously egg on wet
head so watch your mouth one get a
little eye I always forget the eye or in
the description I'm going to make a
playlist of all the challenge videos
that we've ever done I'll put them in
the eye or in the description I think
toilet trouble was my favorite one
putter than the classic - oh balloon
head that was a good one - or the boom
boom balloon
it's a funny game that's it for our face
what is that like a car crash moist one
you can get this for diesel since he
doesn't know how to swim
how do your impression of diesel
swimming we swim
and all of a sudden he just kind of goes
backward literally if you ever watch
these will swim
he literally swimming like a normal dog
and all of a sudden but like kind of
just starts thinking and he just kind of
goes like this and health backwards into
global backflip so I kind of liked you
guys a little bit I am slightly
embarrassed climbing - moonstone wait
because I have to us
I'm not parking bail out I'm not that
loud operation baby shower number two
and full effect
Oh it'll puff up it hugs my face and
what are you doing stop people is
driving me straining the Xavier all
right first on this stuff it turns your
bathtub in the G oh you dolly oh now
it's on the ground
oh there we go now it's on the ground
again I think that's really cool
property goes are you sure they don't
want to check this at this cool game
over there but literally is missing
every part except one for six dollars
those pretty palms are like this is a
cool game I opened up literally only one
part within there a sweep of person
buying that thing oh my
well by then at 12 months but I mean by
then by Halloween now won't be told
months but he will be bigger
well Air Jordans that's actually kind of
cool are these actually baby Jordans Wow
baby Jordan sucks
knuckles Jordans got everything down
sorry man
what does not belong you have no idea
what doesn't belong what on these
shelves does not belong it's very
obvious
oh no I fit this coffee giant soda cup
you see it yeah pretty easy to see now
we're in the mumbo jumping section
everything doesn't belong mumbo-jumbo
yeah
not only knickknacks nothing literally
balls your cookies me but that's the
most obvious can't tell mom I can tell
in a librarian in egg carton MC was
there an a Kevin Justin eggs in there I
mean I feel like that would almost be
more fitting I feel like this is just
like a junk drawer amazing for me but
literally it's just like that open
chocolate but it's fresh a that
literally is open chocolate with a heck
weird that looks like Cookie Monster's
skin or fur I really go where's the
exotic dancer one a little tassels
I don't know
teal'c incredibly awkward all right we
got everything we need okay Marley will
probably take that one yeah yeah chica
frugal which is actually very good
quality half I'm glad you're not
wasteful with money that would drive me
nuts
I usually like to take money come on up
a little bit and then instead on fire it
says on fire right and then put that I
usually go cold forget it if you're
gonna wait that you get it completely
good you should paint something like
that you would totally do that
the watercolor looks like like that - no
no freezing gonna come right up on my
left eye is your left eye they say too
bad right this last time as well
effective okay so I can put it right
there we should totally do a spot day
for you you look like a cute little baby
of the road
first pot a wood that would be so cute
yeah it's like X got a nice you know
pressure points on your head and your
ears nailing every person point on my
head really yeah nope we're going to
play this game go listen to me
okay you guys work against me only goes
are on the back one goes on the front
and this guy so good it is listens and
chills
he's Bowl like a good dog scratches his
face what's going on them I feel like
you say this all the time we're vamping
our health our eating habits because
it's always like you start eating
healthy and then something happens like
you travel then you come home and then
you completely screw that up so we are
trying to revamp that we're going to
make healthy chicken burgers with like
fresh onions avocado fun stuff and then
just go for a run afterwards the second
is going to the RV trip is going to be
really hard to eat well but I know the
good thing is that we're going to end up
doing a lot of exercise
not right now why I'm trying to gain a
look you're maintaining lean beef it up
I'm just being dropped right now because
the way I was we're gonna be fighting so
much baby like I need to like bulk up a
little bit you know Ali a power power
what is it Harry
give me a power range no power power
lifter Oh power lifter like our lives
much better look at the awesome
finishing touches well you're a fine
chef hayan how many times does Ali sing
in a video or day answers I have no idea
anyway guys I was doing a little nightly
walk hope you guys enjoyed today's video
if you're brand new welcome please don't
forget to subscribe if you've been here
for a while thank you for being awesome
please go check out that little I
playlist I've did of all the challenges
kind of like bonus videos for today at
any rate I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a wonderful night bye bye
guys
you
