oh yeah what a way to start the day
shush on in the grass that sounds like a
verb well I'm just doing a little shush
in in the grass
you know what school I don't know what
I'm talking about cue intro Quidditch in
oh my god that was the most perfect shot
ever my cat is puking up a hairball oh
yeah totally just got calves on that on
camera
how's that for a way to start your day
we have some pretty interesting
information Danny just got a text
message from scooter and apparently a
certain detective in Boston has his
iPhone probably we don't know we're
actually trying to figure out now I
guess the girls trying to activate the
phone at Verizon oh girl tried to
activate the phone at Verizon and then I
guess it came up with a loss or what
remote wipe thing Cronan acquired this
stolen iPhone from music interesting huh
yeah see how that works out nothing
against burger just an asshole okay I've
got a mess killer bassist in here
it's not unfocused there yeah that's way
too loud okay I hope that you guys just
caught what happened in the background
well if you did fantastic leave a
comment if you didn't I'm sorry you
didn't see it whatever if you didn't
catch it the base was so loud the
vibrations that actually turned my mom's
computer screen on it vibrated the mouse
and turned it on so go back and watch
that if you didn't have it the first
time
Marlee do you want to flip the bill your
faith she she likes it she's laying next
to the loser
she likes the vibrations you guys are
not allowed to have any more cat food
let's go let's go outside I only have
one pair of pants right now and I have a
broken zipper
oh my lieutenant dangles gonna hang out
all day
this single leaf wafting across the
grass
it's pure beauty in the simplest things
that just might take out American Beauty
right there Oh lizard hi lizard your
tiny dinosaur everybody
I gotta hurt you I promise now how did
you have some thick grass dude you might
dynast our hunting skills I found him
it's okay
step dude just want to show you off
please don't poop on me dude you we're
gonna get stepped on by Zooey and Marley
I'm gonna put you somewhere safe once
you catch your breath
just imagine if we had lizards or
dinosaurs still like something like this
but a billion times bigger and I could
eat your face okay let's put you some
safe see I told you all I just want to
leave can I live with you guys come on
there's a party kit aha
Judy fell asleep we almost had a pet
lizard dude no please no no it's Abby
Marley Marley you're gonna get stung
stop it you guys he's actually a funny
story woman Zoey's a puppy at the park
I'm gonna show you guys it would see if
I can Mak her this okay you see that
little dot there on Zoey's nose yep
that's when she got stung by a bee when
she was a puppy she wants to do it again
look at her alone the elbows the elbows
should be upward to back your arm is why
is it all dirty make sense tackle now
we're going where no safety pin was gone
before into Charles crotch because he
ripped a zipper I can't you might want
to help stuff is that gonna like pop and
like hit me my gotta love the Internet
and then I think it's fixed
sweet we're good
that was part of the weirdest minute
that I've ever put on the Internet
look at how many lizards are on this
wall who do did you see Tina last night
yeah man she was so drunk it was
hilarious oh man dude don't run away I'm
trying to talk to you man this douchey
bro ha
gotta go freakin carrot curly Ali's
Harris
what's why's it so curly Deniz s curly
hair
nothing come here come here
Miami Dolphins I think you should just
wear these for the wedding
these are very sweet I know those for
getting mother of the bride shoes right
now it's like the last thing you need to
get right you do the exact same thing
she does you guys seem a lot of the
similarities here like my wolf your
Jacob my wolf Jacob but I'm just switch
on the light
that's my Jacob did you ever notice that
love is the Newton's yes you notice that
yes internet have you noticed that more
people are going war war war and they
used to be going instance these hours
observation char
come here show them what you just were
picking up and really super interested
in are we 85 grandma they smell sweet
Charles is like oh let's get a city
ready for them like it's not even a
broom it just think sounds good and it
you look like your MA they're like
Christmas trees yeah it does have a
really nice smell makes me think of that
I think the fall and Grandma so I have a
business proposition for you
let's play find a kitty in the closet
she's in there somewhere I couldn't find
her so I went looking down there I think
I see I might see something Edie
oh hi what are you doing haha she's like
what the hell is my secret spot get out
of here guys embarrassed so Ellie's
still down to Bradenton and she's
hanging out with Melissa for a little
bit so you know what I'm gonna try to
get a good night's sleep that's what I'm
gonna try it's it's 11 o'clock at night
my goal was to be sleeping by no later
than 12:30 and I hope I can do it
because I want to try what I want to try
to do is I want to start going to bed
early
where I was saying I was doing so well
to for the longest time going to bed
early waking up early going to the gym
and you know starting my day that way
so I'm gonna really try to do that I've
been done I've been trying to do I'm
like on this health kick right now for
some reason I'm drinking a lot of like
coconut water and just water in general
eating a lot of raw vegetables and
fruits and things like that so I'm
really I want to I want it I really want
to do I feel like it'll make me feel
better
like you know what I mean like it'll
just give you that extra power so if you
guys want to do it with me at the same
time but I'm gonna try to go to bed so
you're gonna see Ali and then maybe I'll
wake up and say goodnight to you guys
but yeah okay let's go see what Ali's up
to I'll see you guys in a little bit I
got this big lug I don't know if you
guys can see this let me see if I can
turn another light on can you see him
he's got his head out
sunroof hi that is terrifying when Tyson
just like my mouth tired be look up here
look at his look his mouth open your
mouth open your mail the purple juice I
should it's purple juice everybody
we're here with Ty see he's hanging out
he's the most popular dog here there's a
dog inside not as popular as Tyson I
know he's got his red bandana what did
you say
he's a blood is that inappropriate maybe
probably right
yeah Tyson get your leash get your H
buddy he's like I'm walking myself mom
check it out nice to get your leash nice
to get it
get you leash oh good boy he's mocking
himself yeah wear him out I was like it
seems like a scene in a movie
hello everyone all of a sudden you can
see my face it's bright out well
it's bright in you know what I mean
sorry that 90% of that footage was
completely dark I didn't realize that it
was that dark on camera but it was
pretty adorable Tyson was running around
with his leash walking himself and
everybody was like oh he's such a cute
little dog it was awesome that we had a
really really good time a little girls
night together again I really wish that
I had had my camera rolling for when
Tyson did the most stereotypical dog
thing he peed directly on a fire hydrant
and I kid you not I've never seen a dog
do that before he walked right up to it
peed right on it I was like you know
what applause I don't have another hand
because I'm vlogging applause all right
I think that's the end of the day guys
thank you so much for watching and we
will see you in a while goodnight
where's he at
with trippy
to be an early
you
