Hey look at the camera look at the
camera hey you look at the camera
Marley look at the camera one of those
days
it's like the groundhog whatever Marley
does determines my day
this is crucial up it's gonna be one of
those days now that I remembered my
shoes I can finally go get my suit
completely done hopefully alterations
too skinny I was swimming
it was due to fan of ahead and too
skinny of a body I was literally
swimming in it this looks good enough
it's better you know okay like I don't
get what's good disaster averted
my guy walked out and I was like sit how
did you guys did you film me looking
like I was like shampooing that thing I
literally look like I was wearing a
muumuu I I didn't know what happened she
made the girl who when I bought it in
passing was just like yeah you know the
caller is a little bit snug so I'll give
you this bigger one she's like she's not
getting in and uh yeah small the story
crisis averted kinda you know the good
news is we don't have to lie to you
about why Charles slapping the BS before
we couldn't tell you what was going on
and now now I can tell you this is
really Charles he's heaven he's like
lost and in the bass boston bass oh
that's funny
instead of lost on space lost in bass I
am a little weird that's okay
this is the so yesterday yeah so
yesterday we had everyone voting from
the base but actually get and this is
the one that won the base I'll be
playing on stage for we took him so that
you guys made that decision for me I
could have done it
that's Charles's face face sad face had
the base I was walking out and there was
a huge ding on the body so I have to
order it and go get it tomorrow in
Sarasota that face I want to be playing
it right now there girl there though was
eating pizza and now I really really
really really really want to look great
all right well you guys chose the base
are the two bases I have got two bases
so you guys chose them and now they're
gonna go pick them up tomorrow today's
video and today's video or the day
before we're both 14 minutes and 40
seconds exactly
isn't it awesome that is crazy somebody
just posted that on our Facebook you
want a pumpkin what you're looking at
are you looking at oh the pumpkin I was
like okay yes those are flowers they
sell that recall you sure you guys don't
get some spinach dip it's like a grapple
a grateful a clue what the grease it's a
great point
he said it like this yeah you ever heard
can actually squash are these squash
these are all squash right well isn't a
pumpkin of squash
what the heck is wrong with this pumpkin
think ugly duckling but give me go over
there then oh mama
okay you got a treat you dingus okay
please go get ya
I swear that dog is such a nincompoop
you're a nincompoop oh my god you're
watching Kim Kardashian last night
remember when you us saw me briefly
yesterday in the vlog I was completely
out of it I ended up watching two hours
of that ping no two hours that's longer
than most movies all right guys come on
it's ba th time come on I know she's
like dude you made me follow my butt I
look overly just like scoots right in
there Zoe on the other hand is a little
bit harder to persuade come on there's
lots of treats in there nope that is the
closet that is not the shower that is
not the shower you were close you were
close though being close oh come on
shower time let's pick your collar off
it's so funny I've actually had to
change from calling it a bath to a
shower and she still figured it out get
in there get in there I had to use the
the t-shirts oh by the way hoodies
we are ordering the hoodies in the next
couple days so hopefully they will be on
sale in the next couple weeks just
peanut you don't even need a peanut G
mmm awesome people at Fish Head these
guys have been making our CTFxC gear for
like three years if you guys ever need
anything go to Fish Head tell them I
sent you
they're gonna start making the hoodies
so yes hoodies are coming I talked I
told you I told you this is what I
promised I broke it
oh that looks so good can you tell which
is my size oh you want the beef jerky on
your side out or do you want the beef
jerky
I'm allowed to have that my eyes
really yeah want me to do that how many
15 you look so pissed so for years and
years and years I always wondered if I
can actually carve one of these things
I'm gonna try it now last year we did a
giant puff game with donor watermelon
let's do a miniature pumpkin kind of
face should we go should we do the let's
train now it's just a core at first you
get all this stuff out remember and you
get to cut the top off go for it oh it's
not a hollow no but I just wanted to let
you try anyway back I knew that back up
I don't want got your finger off you
knew this was in the hollow I knew I
mean it's got like a it's got seeds in
the middle but it's not at all like a
normal that's like super
how's it coming baby I love doing uh
yeah it's like when you get older
oh all right yeah want to do everything
that you weren't allowed to do when you
were little my mom allowed to do this I
was allowed to make a little baby see
awesome you're so cute
it's hollow it's Hollow
I see we should my hold on let me sing
these are pepitas is that Spanish first
pumpkinseed
dude I want to make these I want to bake
this mom okay I want to I'm gonna bake
these scoop up the brains remember like
last pose at this summer where we wanted
to like do this but we couldn't do it at
the water mouth do we did with you guys
remember that see look at that like fart
no it smells like fart
it smells like it smells like pumpkin
fall delicious part that's what it
smells like a squash bird me actually
kind of hard that actually is that true
somebody said that those aren't actually
pumpkins these are the squash it's a
squash the squash I think a pumpkin is a
squash is it alright now we're getting
there though there's a tomatoes of fruit
okay which is amazing to know well you
know a little buff ball right there yeah
you can you see me mm-hmm you can see
right through it
want to try the pumpkin I smell it what
do you like it say it smells like fart
what do you think what do you think is
he scary ha ha just kidding
can't you them please is he scary not
scary
yeah Pumpkinhead stay stay
that's good balance up who dropped them
a pumpkin on your head ok will you hold
it hold on your head right there don't
move
good job good job
you both balanced the pumpkin on your
head amateurs oh it won't even fit hey
guys got it good oh that's awesome
that is so cool all right close your
eyes
yeah I know it's tiny more ah are you
scared
it's pretty evil right wow that's really
burning all right oh it's smoking fire
hazard so you wanna see little cuz you
think I don't like it she doesn't like
my pumpkin
yeah like my pumpkin yeah I'm sad Zoe
hey you critical bitch it's not that
fairy or actually maybe I just created
the most scary pumpkin on the on a
planet or Marlies defending me see it's
not that scary
this is why we can't have nice things
guys I don't think they even care about
the pumpkin so this year we might be
buying a house cuz no other apartment
complexes will rent to us look at it
it's still going
mmm super scary Pumpkin man that's the
size of my thumb
okay secret phrase for tonight size
doesn't matter that's that's the secret
phrase I dare you to like to span the
comments size doesn't matter boo boo
ever like come into this video be like
wait what is this video about
it's late time to go to bed I'll see you
guys tomorrow
I'll we pick up all the bases the bed
Buster's I'll see you guys tomorrow good
night
worse yet sexy
with tripping
where
with trip in early
you
