good morning it's way too early
I'll see you guys in a couple hours
oh that makeup holy cow case this
morning this is Airy she's gonna do my
makeup she's gonna do my makeup today
I'm very excited I've never had a rush
done oh my gosh something something
that's a little crazy thing crazy guy
felt me it or not I'm scared it's a tiny
little brush I know it's a little baby
one and then just look down with just
your eyes and then just try not to
plague her there is a surgeon I'm like
going eyelashes is it feel weird well
crazy I'm look she's getting the Machine
loaded and ready
so she can cry with this makeup on oh
yeah look at the accoutrement around
like a buffet of a buffet of makeup my
makeup my final product by Airy thank
you so much
I can't believe I look like this this is
me this is the actor this is what you
normally should see I'm walking up to
our varietal shower celebration now and
I'm so very excited I cannot wait okay
we're playing a game there are two words
we can't say and I'm gonna annotate them
below as you can see that if I say that
game or you basically you have a
clothespin
clipped onto you and you cannot say one
of these two words and if you say either
one anyone here is you the person who
here so you get to take your clothespin
and at the end of the day the person
with the most clothes pins which Jeff
Hardy has three get some fries so I'm uh
I'm right losing Haley whose camera is
this Hanna's being an amazing hostess
sorry I'm a DD Breaux Alex automatically
most thing being was sitting here I'm
really grateful to be with all the women
in Athens life from people who've known
her since before she was born
and she's in Laurens stomach people knew
her when she was a little girl people
knew who knew her as a college girl and
people who knew her as a woman
and I'm just happy to spend all this
time with you guys and I'm so proud of
what you've become Alice and I know
you'd be so lying and every step of the
way just be grated so much soon
I was when you were looking at your
yesterday
this was the weirdest thing I've ever
had on an airplane
the pilot said that they were I guess
they test every once in a while that the
navigation can actually land the plane
in case of an emergency it's great
that's freaking awesome right that's
like cyber 9 that's like terminator
stuff right there yeah we're even awake
on that part I was gonna like but they
came out to me gray traps sorry Charles
for seven Thanks oh yeah hey mr. Clark
do you know she
Yoshi hey and I said mr. Clark could you
please
let the computer do it the computer did
a fine job trying to track that an
airplane could Lake maneuver and land
safely is pretty phenomenal your
underwear still wet going on 48 hours
right now it was a pretty interesting
cowboy night last night
good job good job hilarious we're doing
a game right now where we basically go
around the room and see who has what in
their purses so it's kind of like who
lives out of their bag which I just
changed purses so I thought I was gonna
be good but I'm actually lifting tons of
points so I don't know who's in the lead
so far I think you might have won with
all the business cards this would be a
nightmare for guys I'm telling you this
is out of control
Hannah Hannah please explain what this
is right here power of mints okay I just
wanted to see you yesterday and I wanted
these ones and these ones the contents
of Hannah's purse it entirely consists
of nail polish and breath mints I don't
even know what's going on ladies and
ladies just telling you you should be a
girl and you should get married I was I
almost freaked out that I thought I said
the word I was just say
now that I'm going to play where I ask a
question I don't ask a question somebody
asks me a question I have to put a
marshmallow in my mouth if I get the
question wrong and I have to leave it
there yeah that milk should be fairly
cool the essence of this way essence
over this way I'm sorry if I don't know
it's really funny whenever I eat
anything that's been one day Charles
favorite oh sorry no she already
answered the question but the moral I
know what is that
well I'm home it is about two o'clock in
the afternoon I've been up for 48 hours
I'm going to take a two hour nap and
then hopefully go by my brand new basis
if I don't sleep through it it's raining
out so it's like the perfect you know
the perfect light when you're exhausted
and just like here rain and just it's
like God if it was like waves it may be
a seagull in the background be better
like an ambient noise all right I'll see
you guys a little bit you guys okay
putting marginal on your the Charles
when he took his first 25
animal smells
there's smell melting Oh what are you
wearing dude is a reflection there put
your thing with your little British
Parliament the giant duck is gonna get
your face alright whack whack whack what
were you taking me huh oh hi are you
comfortable
anybody got hot soft that's really soft
nope we got you a dog bed so you can't
be sleeping on this excuse me can I have
this comforter I'm sorry guys I didn't
see you guys at all today it was it was
the Ali show here's the the bridal
showers you have fun is it nice
so did you have fun yeah it was ours
bridal shower and I I literally came
home and just slept the entire day I
actually no joke on the air mattress I
fell asleep like Superman like this on
an incline so I could barely I just now
regained the ability to do this with my
hands I was like walking around all
hunched over anyway remember how I said
once I've narrowed down which base I
want to get I'm gonna let you guys vote
and pretty much decide the basis that
I'm going to be playing on stage every
night there's a link down there in the
video description just click that and
it'll open up to another page and it'll
have like I say vote here and I'll show
you some of the bases that I've narrowed
it down I think I've narrowed it down to
3 2 or 3 bases
this is I will let you guys it's like
interactive interactive decision-making
go check it out if you guys have a
couple minutes and you you know really
care what base I play the really I just
can't make a decision so I just thought
you guys would want to do it so yeah if
you guys want to vote on the base that's
down there in the video description now
I'm gonna go to bed are you are you
serious ie just waiting goofball secret
phrase should be simple it should be
Ali's a pretty pretty princess because
that's what she was today she was a
pretty pretty princess
alright can i guys see you tomorrow
worthy
with children
worse
with trippy an early
you
