hello it's my trying to get back her did
spend like a about a month since I've
gotten a haircut
and look at it my hair grows like weeds
my hair grows faster than Ali's here
that's - it's so funny yeah girls be
jealous my hair grows faster so what'd
you guys think you like it a little bit
longer but I only wanted to be that she
you know the glue stuff I always use
yeah I think I think I have to retire it
I think you finally win on this battle
Oh before I forget we have been
realizing it's getting colder and colder
because right now it's like Katie
something and really quiet we've been
seeing you guys's comments for the last
few months and emails we're going to
bring back the hoodies but we're gonna
only do it for a limited time just
because we have the wedding with touring
with Rita Kings and doing all the other
stuff we just want to make sure we can
get it to you guys in time so what we're
gonna need to do is there's a link in
our video description go to that link
and it's going to take you to our
website and it's gonna have like a
little polling system what we need to do
is if you're planning on getting ready
we have three designs this year okay
they're all zip ups once you go there
it's gonna come up there's gonna be
other like a little poll like a little
polling system if you're planning on
getting a hoodie select the the style
and the size in the color that you want
and submit that um if you're gonna get
multiple I think you can get it's like
multiple but please only do the ones
that you're really actually planning on
doing it so that way we can buy an
accurate amount and people aren't
waiting and things like that
we thought this would be the quickest
way we can do it we could order it like
in the next week and then we get open up
sales in the next couple weeks
good news foodies are coming back I'll
remind you at the end of the video but
if you want to take your time now hit
pause the video click the link go tell
us what size you're gonna get and we can
get this taken care of
hoodies will return you guys have been
like so didn't
we couldn't just ignore it and it's
they're very comfortable so they're
comfy hoodies but yeah links in the
video description so let me know look
how big that moth is that's crazy oh no
you okay are you eating well you're
eating something that's funny I don't
want to touch him because I think it's
kind of like a the butterfly fly anymore
get on this and I'll move you if you are
you injured there you go get on there
buddy oh no are you injured poor guy
come on come on come on save you I'll
try - you're really pretty mom I want to
put you up in a tree so no ants can eat
you okay alright now you're safe you
guys I'm gonna hang out over here with
dad hey you got a flower on your head
Oh still got a flower on your head look
at the Adama turn now when we got in the
car it was a tow a tow it was eight oh
eight eight oh and now it's a high today
and yesterday it was day eight eight
eight maybe AIT's our lucky number it's
weird every time I look at it as only
aids I've looked at it twice don't look
again three times the past two days and
it said it's been AIDS and zeros the
entire time
I don't know I was I thought I was like
Ali's cutoff that actually doesn't look
bad on you okay first stay well we came
to get my pants officially hemmed and
Ali won't let me get married in sandals
I forgot I forgot she's mad at me I
forgot
I don't you know what I wish sandals
it's a nice day you wear sandals right
oh hello stinky dog oh hi it's so
unbelievably gorgeous out right now we
had to come back out watch the sunset
even though the Sun sets on the other
side of the buildings it's just
unbelievably nice out oKed winner Eileen
let's play the deserted island game you
know like the one where it's like if you
could live on an island for the rest of
your life and you can only have three
things what would they actually you know
what let's play that game because
actually I don't even know what it would
because everything I would want would be
like electronic like if we're talking
about like possession of the earth and
it can only have one season the entire
time what would be I would have to say
mine would be winter I know it's cold
but I really like the cold it's always
sparking at the UPS guy yeah you get the
UPS guy look what okay
healed hey I got stuff for you so Ali is
down okay you guys can you turn on the
light
thank you she went to go have a little
girls night with Melissa I guess they're
getting their bridesmaids dresses and
everything on this weekend sometime so I
know it's just you guys we're gonna
watch a movie watch a really bad movie
make some delicious dinner yeah okay I
gotta give them a delicious dinner we're
gonna watch the movie Paul have you seen
that movie
want to see what I got I got these
little thingies like this it's like
these little like toothbrush things if
you're gonna be really good for tour so
my breath don't spank but I got you guys
what is this what is this smells like
poop but you'll like it it's like please
say it's poop please say it's poop
please say it's poop on it barley you
can barely stay it's a quick quick okay
I'll sit on here be good wait wait this
is smaller you can have the smaller one
so one point get it here oh hey here you
go good job doing really nothing but
being dogs well this is me the bitch is
I thought I make some uh I got some
awesome I guess flatbread maybe I'll
make some sort of chicken pesto sandwich
of sorts I don't know Oh
so yeah yeah that's my what I'm going to
be wearing for the wedding
I should probably move that away from
everything that I'm cooking dude you are
getting so fat look at how fat you are
I'm gonna call you Pugsley from now on
okay
that's my hand and there's our zombie
fish still kicking well not exactly
kicking cuz of a fish kick that would be
pretty crazy still swimming what was I
talking about
oh yes I'm an idiot that's right I I
went to go try and get my pants hemmed
without the shoes that I was wearing
cuz that's smart so what'd you guys
think honestly honestly what do you guys
do not right now but like what do you
guys think it letting my hair go a
little longer Ali thinks it might like
my head look a little bit smaller I said
that I was like yeah where she will I
had a little bit luck don't worry I'm
not gonna do the red streak in the hair
all you have to do is
Wohlford Charles Trippy red stripe in
his hair and then you guys will all go
and if you guys did that come back in
here and in the comments do the do this
face if you did that if you googled and
saw that and you were like what the heck
was I don't know what I was thinking
guys I don't
I was I was young I was I got I had to
give something for my future kids to be
able to like I can't believe you did
that dad cuz other than that I don't
think I have well no I have a lot
actually but what do you think does it
make my head look a little bit a tiny
bit smaller I got to hide this brain
guys I gotta hide it somehow I need to
make food and I'm rambling do you want
to smell fresh basil you're not gonna
like it
I just wanna see what you're gonna do
you like the smell so you nope don't
like it get it out my face please sir
could you please move that in my face
okay fine it's like she's a vampire this
is garlic
delicious finished product time to go to
bed come on now you can take Ali's side
now she's hanging out with Melissa you
can have that side
I caught you alright guys I'll see you
tomorrow don't forget to check the video
description and let me know what hoodie
you want to get and don't hate the
Google though yeah the red hair
don't ya don't jeez I wish I could erase
that good night
and high-five you broke a computer again
did you break another monitor
with trippy
would be an early
