don't make your tail don't wag your tail
don't do it don't let your is better
stop wagging your tail itself wagging
your tail what are you doing
look at that beautiful weather I'm on my
way to get my hair do you say if you say
hair did I'm gonna take that camera with
her dude give my heart no I'm joining a
trial hairstyling for what I might wear
my hair to the wedding as that just I am
what is it I don't know I don't know
she's gonna go get a temporary do for
her wedding I'm having a wedding trial
run for my hair's been half later
she's getting a haircut a haircut style
get a hairstyle I'm getting hair style
oh my gosh look at this look all that
hair coming off of her what it's like
becoming fallen winner dude you're split
look at this look at the contrast of
white ugh
just make your toupee let's make a
toupee hey I'm giving you some hair hold
on Donald Trump there we go
that's Nessie that's a snazzy toupee I
don't think anyone will know gross okay
hair trial time this is Kourtney she's
gonna do my hair and that's dress back
there hi okay let's let's do something
with us okay I'm done what do you guys
think like that all right
just gonna camera to dress it's done I
can't even reach the ground I'm trying
to like turn to my feet aren't touching
the ground Cory just go again okay I
love it like I used a lighter spray
today because that's not the day I got a
crazy but I'd probably use a little bit
more product in the day of and then we
can just stick your clutches
alright you know what I wanted to try to
do today something that I haven't done
since I think by Tallahassee clean my
car it's pretty much to the point where
I can just drive the car off a cliff
you're gonna be like ok that now it's
clean
like utterly disgusting so it's actually
really nice out today so we're gonna I
want to see how long it takes me to do
this ok never know which one is it wrong
one
oh there we go I'm new here
oh my god you guys remember this
remember this there's the old days
that's what I feel like this is like
wrist cutters where it's just like an
endless thing and just go like disappear
and rid of the seat what the heck is
that way hard so now walking around down
gorgeous gorgeous stay outside
I'm gonna go see when I go see you
doctor every think that's what I'm gonna
do see if I can find her
I'm lost hello
nobody I almost called you Joey I don't
know why Paris yeah hi Sam
I've known this dog for literally like
ten years it's I've known ever very very
very long time it was so cute just as
cute as and Danny brought team halt to
get in my face everything okay I'm I
think I could add my face it's those old
people glasses now I got her things
dilated
they got treasure chest in my car
sweetie stylin you know it's really
funny since we filmed daily you probably
could go back in time you can go back in
the way back time machine and see when
the exact day was that I did this laughs
it sucks
clean clean faster oh my that water is
black oh that is gross it was in the car
oh the baby it has got the clean water
now almost done is it sad that I'm like
really really excited to have a clean
car again happier if that makes any
sense
nothing this is the fun part right here
okay I don't know if you can see global
right here she sees a little Marleen
nose little Molyneux's dot there do you
see a little Marleen nose dots it's kind
of hard to see from that angle do some
investigations and some extra wedding
day planning can't tell you the secret
where do we park our to so I don't know
where we are and the finished product
look at that I'm so happy
well that was worth the life last few
hours of my life
that we have party here talking about
wedding stuff all day it makes it crazy
that I can't tell you all the secrets
are you bling it over here
okay this is like the biggest sack of
money I'm legitimately dennis is one
pretty much the mini lotto that's crazy
it's all one so e-beam alone wait can
those even fit in your pocket your hair
actually looks pretty honey see Bella
where it's so pretty
well you want to go bowling I really
gotta go strip club
it goes script club yes
script club gotta go to script club all
ones hold on my god
as Dennis been dancing does that what he
was doing it what are you were you doing
what are you doing with this money okay
it's not worth doing that is it bitches
get so not PC but yeah so Dennis Dennis
one a bit like a mini jackpot at his
Golf Club and yeah it was like
accumulating all right and then it just
you got that you got the best one you
possibly get no linoleum print so like I
took a sheet of rubber how old it carved
it out when I was 14 I carved it out you
carve it out and you roll ink on it and
you actually put it through like a
printing press like roll it through and
it were you were you 14 when you'd that
one too why don't you draw anymore that
goes well that was my whole self
portrait in the night cut there wow that
is crazy mom oh my god what no no
something clueless I'm sure that I can
okay I'll get in all right go for it you
ki he's like no there you go he fits
don't zip it it's so scary yeah no
you're not Zowie like wait
get him dying
Melissa eyes are trying to hit my dog I
don't want to get hit we're gonna go
putt-putt golfing is totally going down
you lose every time for a football but
the golf ball or baseball confusing
always preparing Danny
this putt play all right round two of
our challenge so we are playing
putt-putt
and you guys have before we started you
guys have to basically choose a team so
you're gonna be on my team
Travis Danny yeah faith or Melissa so
pick your team now don't no switching no
switching I already got it in
I got it in two
what did you do
that's like really hard to hear
who knew putt-putt could be so exciting
I should just do this like with a bunch
of like cut zooms know what makes the
pipeline adventure even more exciting
are they specifically placed wasp nest
delicious does it pay off does it pay
off
Mulligan action shot
that was pretty lucky great things will
happen obviously we saw that happened
today I did it Peter Parker have you
fell on that use might want to just end
it and it's a saxophone tree oh that
asshole and one right there good job
take out the lead that was good right
there you guys like hanging out down
there is where I'm at and yeah looks
like I'm by myself down there guys I
lost it where'd it go
pally just got to hole in ones back to
back you got to Turkey I got three one
you got 47 seventeen eighteen nineteen
Twenty twenty three twenty four twenty
five twenty six or seven twenty forty
two would you get travel 40 41 43 let's
check them at 43 for trap 42 we got mine
maybe subtract okay beers consolation
prizes for how many bogeys I had well I
did beat Ali everyone's been asking
where's your phone well the good news is
we found it it was brought back this is
was the stages laughter this is my
iPhone for that I found he's somehow got
the new iPhone 4s yeah you guys haven't
seen yet no I'll show you all the
features they got rid of the camera they
thought it took up too much space they
got the of course they're gonna display
now this is a bank it cuz thieves out
there check out that odometer eight oh
eight oh eight both guys before we go to
bed I just wanted to kind of touch on
something as a lot of you guys already
know and we just found out Steve Jobs
passed away today you know it's kind of
it's very very tragic it's very very sad
but at the same time he's done so much
his memory is going to live on for a
very very long time he's revolutionized
pretty much every industry filmmakers
musicians oh so much to his products his
company the employees that made all
these things seriously the first
computer I ever owned was one of those
old-school Macintosh computers you know
ever since then I've always you know I
just fell in love with computers and I
have him to thank for getting me into
computers because if his computer was
like really stupid and annoying I
probably wouldn't be as nerdy as I am
today whether or not you're you you like
Apple products and I it has nothing to
do with that I'm just talking about
basically my personal opinions like
obviously I've never met Steve Jobs
never met him I would have loved to have
gotten to shake his hand and say thank
you his the creation his idea Hema Steve
Wozniak in a garage and the 70s making
computers building all these getting all
these great employees to create these
awesome products giving me the
opportunities that I have had in my life
because without you know learning iMovie
back in the day or using my iPhone to
take video or using my Mac computer to
edit with Final Cut Pro or anything like
that it's not so much like you know he
made it happen it's his company allowed
these products to come out to make
expressing your creativity or that thing
inside your brain you know like when you
have a really good eye
you can't get it out of those products
but were made and designed for those
type of people what's amazing what he
has created and left behind you know
this isn't like I said this isn't a
whole PC Mac Apple debate because
whether or not you like Apple or if you
are like an Android user or PC user
you can't deny Apple as a company and
Steve Jobs as a company create like okay
for example do you guys remember the
iPod you remember the iPod name mp3s
do you remember that that changed music
industry whether or not you love pcs or
you know you hate Apple and stuff like
that you can't deny that these videos
these vlogs are for me and Ali to look
back down down the road and you know
when I watch this when I'm like 40 and
and you know remembering this time it's
was such a great time to be living right
now you don't mean growing up in this
this time period of technology is
changing so fast and it's it's gonna be
great thought back and you know see how
this this these two guys this guy this
company and where it's gonna go
I was reading all the statements from
all the people you know is like his
competitors you know as friends and one
of the coolest ones was President Obama
and how he was saying how it's a
basically testament to his
accomplishments that a majority of
people that learned about Steve Jobs
death read about it or watched it from a
device he helped create and I'm just
gonna leave you guys on this a famous
mr. dr. Seuss you guys remember dr.
Seuss mr. dr. Seuss don't be sad that
it's over be glad that it happened
good good little notes leave on I'll see
you guys tomorrow good night and I guess
in the comments just you know share what
you guys are thinking right now so yeah
all right I'll see you guys tomorrow
good night
yes
giddy with child trippy
with charity
