yeah yeah they're announcing the new
iPhone in like 20 minutes
like out but it's amazing oh you you
decided to bring a toy under the bed
okay you guys need to start wait you got
you're all like gargoyles you just
protect her when she wakes up oh that's
scary all right I'm gonna go
wanna go lessons the last three years
remember we've been watching the live
stream of a live blog stream of the new
iPhone who seems like yesterday seems
like yesterday we were being nerds and
doing this as well they don't have a
live stream this time so I have to do
like a blog post thingy and I just keep
reloading and stuff so okay let's hope
it's super awesome they have a new app
called find my friends okay first off
does that back little campus area does
that not look like a motherboard deal so
it's like all those other apps where you
can find your friends and stuff like
that
I honestly think it'd be so much better
instead of doing find my friends they
added the feature that the phone would
explode when blue ink would go all over
the person who steals your phone and
then gets thrown in jail for stealing
phones and that Apple should be the next
next step what you guys think that would
be awesome
or they get self exploding one or just
like self-destructed like three two one
just exploded how cute are you how cute
are you be more cute be more cute now go
she's just positioned herself perfectly
in the sunlight to be you check Jake
your paw shake bitch you guys want to
see something pretty crazy since we've
been living out of a suitcase for the
past six or seven weeks okay that's not
no that's not enough there it is that's
all the laundry we have here backup out
so they could just see just take it in
just take it in guys all that you're
gonna go lay on it it's always been
using it as a bed it smells like crap oh
my gosh there's some in here just like
all over the place sucks we needed like
you know living out of a suitcase you
just like washing there like three
things that you brought whoa whoa whoa
fellow nerds it looks like the new
iPhone
now I'm sorry I was at iPhone 5 iPhone
4s I really find it funny because I'm
actually not that disappointed think
about it
they really revamped the inside it's
twice as fast processor graphics are
seven times faster it's got a bunch of
cool features iOS 5 is pretty awesome
the camera is 1080p now I think it's
funny cuz people are mainly complaining
because of the case I get it but you
know what I think it is is because Apple
really kind of they kind of like stepped
on their own toes by releasing a new
iPhone with a new case every single year
you just like expect that to be a new
case I got a lot of that replacing
Charles are you so pissed oh my gosh
just a whore s not really 1080p video
camera and it loads in one second that
was my biggest gripe with the iPhone
camera was that it took like 10 seconds
it's like oh the moment passed cuz you
know by the time it'll actually loaded
Bigfoot already you know had a cup of
coffee in a sandwich and took a dump on
your front hood and then still not open
and you missed a moment no not mad the
only thing I'm worried about is dropping
my iPhone again and breaking the back
I'm pretty happy what do you guys think
so let's have a little discussion in the
comments oh you guys pissed that they
haven't changed the case and it's not
iPhone 5 it's iPhone 4s they should have
just called it the iPhone 5 to be
completely honest they should have just
dropped the S it's just i phone 4s 1
extra syllable 2 annoying complaining
about one syllable that's funny
hey we go to the park close all right
close your mouth
all right close your mouth
Riley whose mouth
if you stare at it long enough it just
gets funnier and funnier oh good girl
okay these girls come here Marley wait
how did she get her oh you took it off I
was like how did she get her leash off
you remember that video that I uploaded
a long time ago of Zoey just running
around the field chasing me when I had
the stupid hair it was right here
actually and this is the slide coming up
oh she sees another squirrel okay go
down the slide right here we're gonna go
no that's the big slide don't go down
that one good go bar that's gonna sign
is that recording I hope you guys heard
that thing just shock the crap out of me
can't go up the slide come on
save it a slide very good have this
final one we gotta make sure we got to
make sure everyone's not mad at us
Marley come here you okay
just give her a squirrel she'll be fine
yeah she's fine oh my god I used to do
that all the time don't try to jump off
sir it's hard
can I go whee come here princess that
was creative and dangerous yeah
we are currently we are looking for the
elusive I stopped it okay I stopped okay
that was an edit they didn't they didn't
hear ya didn't
now I have to leave it okay so currently
we are looking for a turtle you know the
turtle that we always see here we're
gonna try to find them I know where he
hides Jackson the turtle okay you hear
Marley
they're all like they're all telling
each other don't they're telling all the
other squirrels that Marley's in town
right now yeah oh man Eagle da Mighty
Ducks Flying V I have my windshields
dirty I don't know if you guys ever seen
this but it's like you can try all these
and mix them and match them and then
they give you is like you know try my
cell great fan of strawberries fried
cherry dr. pepper strawberry splash of
whatever love odd this guy's just like
just right goes brick wall hey what are
you doing you know think the dogs always
jump on me and they try to get in my
arms and stuff every time I come home
I've noticed that if I just run straight
into the kitchen and run right in here
she won't either cause she will either
come right there and stop or she'll run
here because she can't keep a grip so
it's like my way this is my safe zone
come here Marley come on see she goes
over there isn't it funny come over here
didn't see she slides like no no no no
no no no it's so funny I forgot it was
lava I'm sorry
why of lava boots on oh my god my
sandals Han look at that listen to this
disgusting noise oh so right before we
end the video we just wanted to take a
second to think thank you to you guys
you got engaged exactly two years ago oh
oh oh thank you for ruining that
romantic oh yeah thank you that's like
that's like a 10.10 like looking at
really
I'm sorry I had some beans today anyway
so I did kill that romance and we were
living in Spain two years ago today hmm
and then I was walking around Spain with
that ring in my pocket thinking I was
you're not crazy / I thought I was going
to jumped like the entire time I was
then do you were the only one who knew
it was there
can't I still keep my dad yeah my dad my
dad was the only person I knew really
yeah dude I was walking around Spain the
entire time trying to figure it out
seriously for those of you who have been
around since that that's that's just
crazy so if you didn't see our proposal
video I'll put it in the video
description below okay but once you
watch that watch the day before and just
watch all the missed opportunities that
had and like look at my face you can
tell I was frustrated because I wanted
to do it then and it didn't happen
because like I don't know somebody came
by or something like you guys you
literally can see oh it's it's kind of
crazy to think about like a really
really really long time look at this
it's been a really long time this is
what we call the anti fart Marly
protector yeah length blanket that's
gonna stop her actually it's not gonna
do anything it doesn't smell like crap
tuck it all in there she needs like a
year so I'm like oh my god love you love
you too I'll grab a PB a soda stepping
down after we get married in what's this
it's a bit like forth less than 50 days
yeah that is insane time flies when
you're having fun
dude you know guys oh it's a secret
would you be the secret phrase that I
engage abrasion oh I don't
good luck spelling that woman the agent
celebration just combine those two words
any way you want I will see you guys
tomorrow
oh you're getting your hair done for the
wedding right yeah Oh trial run tomorrow
sorry some dude just like fell oh yeah
I'm watching I'm watching Tosh I'm kind
of like halfway I'm like this is like
this is very important but seriously
that dude just fell off his bike
worse
with trippy
with charity
