yeah
you know you better stop learning
Oh
we got a zombie supporter over here sup
dog dog using the mirror are closer than
they appear
oh wait they might give you dog bones
all right guys ready they actually gave
you one up what are you doing okay
gentle gentle
good girls pull up pull up pull ha ha
stop it cracks me up
ah I see you mr. Cobb sneaky sneaky
he's trying to be all Trixie like
I got it all real men can make things
happen quick hide
nothing she sees me know
who get the butterfly so give the
butterfly oh man check it out leaves are
finally changing winter is coming
what you fallouts come first right
follow then winter yeah but this is
pretty much all Florida does just
slightly change get
good girl okay now ignore the ball stand
there and just look around but whatever
you do do not get the ball okay now walk
walk away from the ball walk out of
frame still don't get the ball good
you're good your hair out some reason
patient does log finally home sweet home
yeah I guess you know what the mission
is for right now get something in this
refrigerator other than old coffee
orange juice water butter pickles yogurt
and a single thing of guacamole yeah
it's time to go grocery shopping what
this is a bit scary right there
speaking of recall did you guys hear
about the whole cantaloupe thing where
apparently a couple days ago I don't
know what type of cantaloupe were
wearing what part the country put in
America they were recalling cantaloupe
right because apparently it was killing
people when I when I heard that on the
news I thought it was the strangest
thing because when you think maybe like
chicken you know bacteria like if I was
to think of any type of food cantaloupe
would fire people last type of food that
I would think would kill someone it just
I don't like scary but you just never
know it yes right unless you're growing
your own food the actually have caliber
yourself done done
looks like a vampire massacre over here
you know what I think it's kind of funny
just a random thought some guy just
drove by I know we find it so funny when
people put those transformer logo guy on
their car there is what I find funny is
because you can't you're not supposed to
put it on your car it's usually the
people that have like super awesome cars
that they always put it's like my car so
awesome you know it's a transformer know
if you get a transformer sticker you
have to put it on the most random things
like put it on a shopping cart or a
grill that would be hilarious or a
bicycle you don't put it on the car it
takes the fun out no random thought see
if you can top me actually what would if
you had a transformer sticker icon guy
whatever what would be the most randomly
hilarious thing object that you would
put it on I say I say shopping cart and
I say shopping cart and grill see tell
me in the comments if you can beat that
geez
today I'm just like strong like Hulk
just like the thing is I hate going back
and forth back and forth so I just try
to take I'm stubborn I'm stubborn and
I'd like to get everything at the same
time or I'm just so freaking manly there
we go much better so I went to Target to
do a little late night shopping there
two guys who are stocking shelves who
are arguing about Tom Brady one of them
hates time ready for the loves Tom Brady
they're arguing about how big some it is
it's really really funny it's probably
funniest thing I've ever in my entire
life I really want to record them but I
don't want to be a weirdo she's like
yelling that is right
no getting drunk Tom Brady
hey fluffy number one
Braves won three championships they
should have been
ah what are you doing oh ah oh my god oh
my god
I did ran into the door uh-huh that's
disgusting
that's all I wasn't freaking out guys I
wasn't not actually caring about what
happened this is like the worst it was a
bad idea that tastes horrible those are
just blood gel caps we're doing
I said CJ I'm like cinema we did Lost
Boys I turned that Neal cinematic I
immediately been into this and it was
the grossest thing I've ever literally
that's why one of the gross clam juice
blood gaps near with blood cats yeah
guess what tomorrow is take a guess
No try again
actually I don't know is it all you
nerds know what is that oh yeah
iPhone 5 they're announcing the iPhone 5
or iPhone I'm gonna be so bummed if it's
the I for iPhone 4s in your eyeball yeah
so I don't know what do you guys think
if you watch this after they already
announced it you're cheating but if you
haven't if you haven't seen it deserves
a new iPhone do you think there's gonna
be like a totally redesigned iPhone or
is it just gonna be like when they did
the 3G and then one that was a 3GS
remember that the whole S thing
supercharged millionaires boots
today's been a very masculine video Zoey
how you feeling no that's so cool I'm
just so tired all day guys did you know
yesterday's vlog was 11:11 did you know
that but you didn't know that well guys
it is time to go to bed I know it was
today's okay today was a short vlog but
it's just because I'm playing catch-up
right now I'm kind of tired and I slept
I'm gonna be honest I slept most of the
day I feel like it's okay right so
secret phrase for today could be a short
vlog a short was
that everyone could to span the heck out
of the comments is she tall short vlogs
short secret phrase right I think
that'll work but don't think I'm gonna
leave you guys hanging I'm not gonna
leave you with nothing I have a little
gift for you it's it so let's just call
it a bonus video so I applauded a little
I guess it was a 28 second bonus video
on youtube.com slash trippy at the end
of this you can click on it go watch it
is my apology to you guys for a short
vlog and I think I think it might make
up for the short vlog so make sure you
go check that out after you go watch it
be sure to come back if you did if you
didn't do that this face if you didn't
do this face let me know cuz I'm pretty
sure you guys gonna watch it you're all
gonna be doing this face right here also
Ali's editing her CT effects cinema on
her channel so there's another video
come on so there's three videos today
thank you guys for understanding I know
you guys do I know you guys are
understanding and you got your pocket
I'll be like Charles it's okay just take
it you know take some time off and
that's why you guys are so awesome and
you guys you know you're so good your
support you're so understanding
guys know you guys you guys are really
understanding collective pat yourself on
the back for being so understanding
no it's seriously that's really nice of
you guys I'm assuming you guys are all
being understanding in the comments
right now I can't read what's going on
right now except except with that guy
wrote that's kind of it's kind of weird
something weird comment down there I'll
see you guys tomorrow
good night a turkey say good night to
the Internet well here's the bonus video
right there between the arrows so click
right there it open up in another window
and prepare to do the WTF face trust me
alright enjoy guys I'll see you tomorrow
tonight
worse yet sexy
giddy with trippy
