good morning waiting on the other yeah
seems like fun every floor except this
boy yeah I'm just I'm just gonna cut to
the hoc laughs the way with me
there we go see wasn't that much faster
this is the normal one for every other
airport this is here in Kentucky oh I
actually like the fact that they do this
people always confused I'm in the right
side oh wait wait
oh yeah you're way back there Danny hi
Marlee would you like to say good
morning to people on the internet a
little bit 70s so we decided to rock
some hop in the car today
welcome Boston I've been trying to do
any accents at Boston those people are
kind of hardcore
are you still wearing you're wearing the
raise thing still yeah we're in Boston
I'm and Travis story today
yeah Travis might not make it out of
make it out alive on this one lost in
Boston the best Boston message in or
raise B to read so honest please tell me
y'all think that often during the show
it's like that and like the Phillies fan
surprise the scariest ones in baseball
and football last time we were here we
saw some dude peeing on Fenway Park and
he was actually wearing a red shirt I
don't know how to ever go that level no
that's that's suicidal no we were like
hey man what's up we're raising a moment
of solidarity right there so this is
what we have to travel with every single
trip pretty much
the SCOOTER like man we have to travel
hook scooter keeps this all organized
that's a lot of guitars guy should you
speak English thing
no English today ok put it up welcome to
our brand new episode of there's too
much for that small space and we that's
some pretty impressive packing right
there guys that is that's fine Tetris
work
oh wait that's ok we can put in the back
you like it yeah
Sami see that's pretty we're trying to
find mother-of-the-bride each other of
the groom dresses today I like that one
it's pretty
Wow did you remember like when you were
watching movie and then you have to do
the tracking a lot of people don't
remember tracking it was fun that's a
pretty snazzy entry dude this looks like
that haunted house in Austin Texas okay
was this Omni Parker okay find out if
it's haunted seriously let me know as we
already be gone bird on her head right
just pan over here this guy's talking to
himself oh he's probably discussing why
the birds chilling on the guys or the
girl's head they're all just showing Oh
I was just saying how this seemed like a
sound stage and then we just kind of
look closer and noticed that they were
filming and using it as a sound stage
apparently this is one of the stages for
the movie RPD or something with Ryan
Arnold's Kevin Bacon stuff he was coming
what does it even say your fear hat yeah
what is it
yeah your fear hat your fear that yeah
you don't know if you're headed most
expensive thing in H&M right now what do
you think should I rock The Cosby gonna
work
that's Toth this is totally a prop from
the movie that's unless they really have
VCR repair still
really I'm starting to realize that
Boston is still stuck in the back in the
history you got VCR repairs we got
people still dressing in old colonial
garb
well there's your Starbucks coffee date
Danny coffee date even say Thursday
these students did the same Thursday
yeah I told you this place is haunted
see another one doesn't dry what's going
on here
Maxie her tongue is just sticking out
Buffy she's like nope I hate you know
part time out hello boys
trying to decipher all hi girl we're
trying to decide if we're going out to
this fancy schmancy what is it sir
settle what there's a hot list very hot
list there's not a hot list we're not on
that list
my dad is your dad mr. daddy is all the
words make up time oh girl oh my god you
look like fifth grader now wow wow
you're a fifth grader now that's great
to college fist Travis how you can get
away from the awkwardness of the Google+
hangout this computer recognize that
I gotta show you what Danny and I got
we're just walking around actually you
got one too right
what's that those backpacks yeah my
partner's saying it's okay so we were
walking by and we're like you should go
see if they'll give us one and it
charges your iPhone and your iPad and
all this stuff has to be like she's got
warm up guys I'll see you there
look at that dress but it's so cool so
many guitar
what some orange dry what is that
it must be good oh look at Marley it's a
purse beat it doesn't go anywhere it's
too lazy what we do with Travis display
oh this is Alina
she said backstage we have forsworn at
the bus
that's another one down another down
yeah pound it doing it rude
dangerous me I don't like drinking red
line do you see this loose you smell
this wine teeth hello sexy beautiful
mermaid princess girl it's amazing look
at my mouth
don't lie if I go on a death trap or an
awesome staircase oh well that was fun
oh it's all fake money drip off nice
cartwheel you can do better there we go
there you go get throw you're on the
vlog I feel so bad oh yes the sewers on
fire I don't know if you guys can see
the triangle but that's where Benjamin
Franklin's bade oh man I wish I could
show you guys on stage
back after the show my iPhone all right
so we'll pan over here so we did the
fight we're tracking the phone right and
we found out it's at this place right
here which is quite a distance from
where we're at
look at him exactly right there tonight
we're gonna go hunt an iPhone
my majors get really a gray hair it's
right there
can you see it do you see that you can
so you can totally totally see it and
stop her
it's taking oh my gosh that's what you
look like that is with the lease or
Ariel
makeup tutorials by the three she's like
don't look at my face also we lost Jesse
I feel like this blog is entirely themed
around restrooms because we've pretty
much been filming only in bathrooms l of
drunk girls mags like when you drink the
OS is what I'm friends we were just
friends all in jest and this beautiful
no more cake no more cake let me see you
go baby
yeah
we're getting in a Hummer limo okay
yeah we're rid of Dwight oh this is just
what happens you just get in limos and
you drown soda this is we got a cab just
to see if this actually happens we have
the address right now we're gonna go see
if we can find this thing positive I
know I think we could do it I mean we
could literally see where it is
it's just really hard to get to it what
you're winning on doors you're gonna
take down we're at and we need to be at
this building right here feel like we
can do this what's the approach we're
dude you want to do like that Jehovah's
Witness not going to be the die-hard
Bruce Willis yeah we're wait are we
going the right way this looks like it
one of those things maybe that room
right there dude so I felt like a crazy
person I was throwing myself then all of
a sudden I need these do lovely lovely
people
just tickle internet I'm gonna give you
five seconds to just guess what building
that was oh hi how's it going
what building that was all Boston okay
just take a guess right now in the
comments in five seconds
okay you want to tell him Berklee
College of Music dorm rooms so smartest
musicians in the country yeah of all
buildings there was musicians we walked
in we kindly explain the situation that
we were playing it was this place we're
stolen whatever happened it's there in
their building so they helped us walk
around for a table unfortunately
seriously Danny and I were like it was
like CSI crap right there dude like we
were like what do friends look we found
the phone okay his chances are no
questions asked we probably get it back
but we were like 10 feet away from the
phone and it was on the other side of a
door yeah what probably happened was
they went to college fest you know came
home maybe dropped it off and then I was
god I hate this thing you know like
maybe one out partying there's nothing
really we can do because it's you know
party time Saturday night I don't know
dude cuz I was an adventure right there
it's so close guess every suggestions
should we just go kick down doors next
time come back no mercy I mean there
were really really nice really helpful
those people the world so you could like
we're like Oregon's minor backyard no
guns no guns just just these guns I
wanted to get the most like epic
conclusive stuff oh my god yeah I guess
that's a fail mild fail the adventure
though the adventure will continue maybe
it'll show up tomorrow when they're
hungover that was that was an
interesting trip I've never actually
traced actually funny story Danny's
phone was actually stolen once before
and they were able to trace it but it
was a house so they were actually able
to recover it cuz you know you go to a
house you're like dude I see it it's
right there no that was interesting
technology is crazy cellphones are what
Skynet it's coming for you
not really we're on the good side guys
we're gonna be the ones with the robots
it's okay
yes
giddy with trippy
where's with trippy an alley
you
