hello that marks six weeks at airports I
think is the new record isn't it
seriously shoot the world's slowest
escalator Oh Ted where is he where are
you what you're not dead he must be
sleeping somewhere well we'll see him on
the way home way to fish even sleep oh
it's our buddy
pound it actually not we need to come up
with a name for him
no I know he's a real person so he has a
name but we should name him something at
other men's room at once
tell me in the comments what should we
name that little statue dude what do you
think efficient head like I would which
gate is mine maybe the only active one
so I thought it'd be funny to mess with
Danny
feels super suit your awesome legroom
right now edge will departure thank you
yes we usually never get to see that
we have like a three-hour layover it's
about it that's all that's all I have
right now it's all I'm just exhausted
time now it was actually all right
actually I do want to say something I
want to put this out there
dear people who have the atomic alarm or
atomic ringtone on your iPhone you know
that was okay so we were on the plane
that I heard it I was gonna tweet it and
then like 10 minutes later off the plane
his uh his iPhone starts going off his
alarm goes off again he's that guy he's
that guy two thumbs it use the atomic
alarm on if iPhone scare so it looks
some reason I don't know I guess they
like us but Billy and I got upgraded to
first class yes and everyone else didn't
so high so they're really really mad oh
we got a touch to play and got this
plane oh my god there you go good luck
good luck man weird noise have fun back
there a fun back there guys it's only
fair because on the LA trip
they all got first class and I
understand waiting the bags oh wait wait
call you up here too
oh yeah there we go okay just watch what
they do with the bags that if they don't
fit on the plane she's gonna happen now
we missed it we were just discussing -
okay so now you see how we both have an
armrest usually we're like you know like
when you're on an airplane you always
like you're trying to establish when you
get on the plane you put your armrest
down and you're trying to establish
dominance you're like this is gonna be
my armrest yeah we get - this is awesome
it's like Travis was gloating last time
it was like a truck Travis one Charles
zero now we're all tied up buddy and
where are we go already we go back well
you guys know she went to school with me
and talked yes and now we lived together
in Tampa so it's gonna be a girl
shopping date we're just going all out
with this whole girls theme thing since
the boys are off being rock stars all
that jazz else night out
I am so nervous for Charles right now
he's playing a show and I know that he's
scared but he's gonna do totally fine
but he just keeps like texting me I'm
like I'm nervous but I'm like nervous
for you and I just wish I were there
look at him and smile from on stage I
probably make him more nervous like he'd
probably be like God or like I'm with my
boys leave me alone oh babe right now
might be that's weird that's not
something you see every day so Kentucky
first time ever in Kentucky's actually
really meet what do we have like whiskey
and horse races though others actually
I'm gonna bring it it's actually really
really nice here the weather you know
what it could be too had better had
better everybody know we need 105
humidity or something out of college
gets upgraded to first class so now
we're one-one
yeah we're one-one I senex this
linebacker then jammed me up against the
window
I was they've gotten another one he came
over my face so this is gonna be an
ongoing competition all right so now we
have an hour hour and a half drive so
I'm just gonna do a lot of time lapse
let's make things a lot easier for
everybody
hey do you guys want to go to the KFC
Yum center look that it's actually what
it's called
so now we have to leave we have to go
get you some shoes shoes shoes shoes
shoes oh my god these shoes the three no
dollars but gotta get him I have a
kosher she has never seen more Hello
Kitty in one place that the Segal at
assembly most of them
 I got some hats from Jim cuz I
needed some black Jim oh my god I'm like
I don't know anything about style but I
like black jeans and I've never owned a
pair so I got this is your heaven I'm
like I started freaking out when I felt
like two boots that were in the window
and then I was like oh my oh
the ever traumatic dilemma of which
color do I get now that I found shoes
that I like brown or black
the woman's of being a girl that's
that's cool this is Hanover College it's
so old looking
- Parker Hall
not at all everyone's very friendly that
is a sweet Jim wanna play some b-ball
the seventies on is so good smells old I
do believe that is vanilla ice and that
is Snoop Dogg that's coach ham all is
hammer
I don't we can't figure out who that guy
Oh
there we go
what did you get you got six he's at 50%
he's 1 for 3 whatever once before I
wonder what's go through his head and
Tom one for 10 with our worst score of
the day let's we can get an interview
sir how do you feel about your
performance by Rachel nice little stage
I like it
we just thought that this school has
what was a thousand no no it's a it was
2013 you had the word get in yes I lost
know this school has like a thousand
people that's like I plus in my high
school in their high school Danny did
you actually autograph the whiteboard uh
yo she did it Danny did you actually
autograph the whiteboard uh yo she did
it first official sound check and it's
like 55 degrees it is freezing ringer
bottle of water and it's it goes from 50
to like about 20 negative 40 yes
water doesn't freeze it playing
but you just got way too
y'all newbie alright there we go let's
take a look over here what do you got
over here hunter Oh show me little dance
do a little dance go down the aisle go
down the catwalk you're on the catwalk
baby give me give me a little turn oh
girl you're sassy come down here and let
me see you walking them are you gonna
die if you walk in them oh yeah I'm
getting these bad boys so I can act and
look like I'm in the military even
though I'm not not used to this got to
teach me
couple of storms going on it's really
working
so we got done with soundcheck and
everyone's just kind of all over the
place it's kind of funny because there's
like a bunch of similarities with
filming skits and playing music because
you get all ready you get everything set
up and then you this is a lot of waiting
it's like a hurt like a lot of hurry up
and wait he's been hanging out playing
basketball ping-pong just kind of
chillin it's kind of nice so just a
little relaxing after this we play for
an hour and 15 minutes and then we gotta
go all the way back to our drive back to
Kentucky's Airport and fly to Boston and
yeah do it all again in Boston I like it
though it's fun I wish alia was here she
would have she would be having a blast
all right I have absolutely no idea
where I'm supposed to be now I'm I'm
lost
okay dude girls are so weird girls are
just I don't know how you even honestly
guys don't know how you deal with us
girls who are with girls don't know how
you do it we're crazy now
well apparently yo she's already kicked
it in and thrown it completely across
and made it
let's do this yeah this is my where we
gonna go this way so you can see what's
going on in here
this is a beautiful world this is behind
the scenes all right now that requires a
little bit of dancing but I'm going to
ask you guys something that probably a
lot of people will never ask you in the
entire life the next three minutes and
40 seconds
do delica julienne yeah that's your
circular breathing
look at this I'm just gonna pan over
into the light
let me see shirt representing all the
way from me being a hapless how far is
that it was worth it yeah all right cool
very nice meeting you guys
sleepytime what do we get like five
hours that what it is a little less than
five of being okay I guess oh man
another creepy creepy hallway so we got
those creepy uh we are here for like
three or four hours is how I turn
anything on a couple hours then we have
to fly to Boston and so I have to do all
the editing right now start some life
done yeah man today was awesome the show
was just amazing and no I didn't screw
up anything or anything like that
actually the only thing I was having a
problem with with the in-ear monitors I
don't have those the the ones that we
were I got made the mold I was just
using headphones into our wireless
monitor and when I would jump around and
do crazy stuff they kept pulling out so
scooter would have to like run by just
keep like plugging it back in it was
just like kind of a mess but we
prevailed the coolest thing was there
was a ton of CTFxC ders out there so I
got to meet a bunch of you guys and it
was a blast
Boston I've never been to Boston and I
think next week we're playing West
Pensacola University or something like
that it's cool hopefully you know Ally's
gonna be able to come up to more of
these but these like fly shows where you
have to fly sleep in hotel for like four
hours it's just you know kind of rough
and I don't want to put her through that
I want her to be able to enjoy it and
relax it's actually a CTFxC we got some
really awesome footage and unfortunately
I'm not gonna get it oh my gosh
are those mints oh those are buttons I
was like oh my gosh we got mints in the
pit so I think he's gonna send me the
footage so when I get back home I'll be
able to edit maybe like a standalone
video would you guys like a standalone
video because I don't think I'll have
time to wait for him to upload it and
then download it and then export it and
all that stuff before the flight but
yeah I'm gonna get some sleep
I gotta edit
and then wake up so I'm gonna keep this
short I hope you guys had fun that was
the first show and you know it's kind of
cheesy let's see if I can get it I
actually saved the pic from the first
show I've managed to do it the entire
time with this one pic so I'm gonna keep
it just gonna keep it no no Jesus
sentimental little trouser hoarder but
secret phrase tonight guys is just back
home and you can if you could figure out
how to do these as emoticons that'd be
pretty sweet but I'll see you guys
tomorrow see you in Boston and a good
with that see you guys tomorrow
good night and
it's the other car me waiter
yes
which all tripping
yet within
don't forget
you
