I'm very angry that you threw me in the
pool but at the same time I'm very happy
cooldown time and then let's do a little
pan over here
yep and this one staying far away from
me well go on your raft see you later
mark so much how much you like that
thing I'm just gonna hang out here for a
little bit Zoe don't don't let go oh
you're gonna put whoa hell yeah Zoe that
was actually pretty impressive I thought
she was gonna oh okay dude now just jump
no man I work so hard to get up here it
was really good Zoe need help give me
your face
get me up don't jump yet if you jump
it's gonna keep fall from underneath you
okay now go see she's not mad at me
you're not mad you know Allie has her
irrational fear of saran wrap and things
like that and wax paper was a white guy
was wax paper ever since I was a little
I've had an irrational fear of pool
drains like the top right here I never
want because the only way to get it off
I wish I wish it would invent something
where was a good lip already here wasn't
like a hole like you doesn't things
can't be on the other side when I put my
finger in it you want to mean I always
do this and try I never want to do it
cuz those are the creepiest thing is my
world
it's just looking there I don't know if
you can see anything anything girls in
there what is she doing oh it's the soap
it's so Marley rolls in poop and you
just roll in soap
very strange see why can't you roll in
soap and not poop dude yo dude I am so
dirty I'll just clean myself right here
with the soap wait do they know it's
National Coffee Day two
Oh Marley is where oh wait how did you
get out of this get your butt over here
oh wow there must be a hole over there
go for it boy
go on go on go on
don't kick just go swim get it
yeah what are you doing quit yelling at
everybody right my you ready go for it
my go I'll get it good no it's just such
a big lug
he's so cute I love these dogs hours and
hours and hours of entertainment and poo
eating than banter
really
oh yeah
are you too
guys are both completely spastic what in
the hell are you guys doing
you're freakin crazy dog you're crazy to
look at you I know you're nuts
ladies and gentlemen the inside of
Marley's nose oh great
there we go gentlemen the inside oh yeah
I got that on camera oh by the way guess
what what chicken butt
no it's National Coffee Day gotta get
some coffee
oh Lord Marly she doesn't want you
humping her head you better stop that
today it's already a very strange day I
hate shopping by myself because I can
never remember what size I am okay
because I always do this what is it
wasn't say say this is a smaller medium
can't even tell hello I looked a little
bit less scary than I did earlier today
so I am on my way to dinner with Melissa
trippy I don't know why I just said most
it's like I it's like I was just out
replying her on Twitter like I just said
at Melissa trippy going to dinner with
that Melissa trippy we're having a girls
night this evening
it's so in need of a girls night I don't
know if guys ever get like that do you
ever get like I just need a guys night
guys need girls night no do you guys
need guys night I think girl fights we
all go around we just talk about her
shoes and our purses just talk about
your feelings
yeah well we just saw em boys talk about
boys episode of Buffy and clothes
Buffy going out to dinner which is going
to be in lovey it's really funny though
I don't I mean I know guys have like
guys night but it's like girls get in
this mood where they like want to only
be around girls and I don't know if guys
have that maybe they only want to be
around girls too when you go to the
strip club
I've never been I've never been to a
strip club either audience
have you been to miss Tripoli the only
one that ever went to was a really weird
one which we filmed in Spain oh yeah I
don't know if there's any key policy
DivX here did not know that before we
walked in there but that ended up being
a very awkward situation was when I
asked for the restroom as she pointed me
into a bedroom and I got scared away
yeah I wouldn't touch anything in there
after dinner maybe we'll go grab a
couple of brews with the boys before
they leave for their big big show yeah I
know damn it Simon Danny Oh Danny Danny
is important to wait what do you try to
say oh I forgot I thought and you left
too I thought I thought they were gonna
incorporate like Athena's down the
kingdom some bongos conga drum they're
playing like that the face these just
are playing as Danny start playing your
face
everyone should I reply Danny and tell
me should start playing his face for
acoustic shows okay Zoey this is gonna
be scary you don't want to be in here
we're gonna trim kitchens nails a little
bit oh man those are long
good girl now okay okay oh no play with
this give me so happy when she's
finished there we go get rewarded okay
now she's happy they just gave the death
who's gave the Internet the death stare
don't betray me strong I picked the best
location you think that you're so
Italian you just Park where there's
pizza on the ground
that's how Italian you are and she picks
the parking spot that's full of pizza
hey are you still hungry cuz there's
some yeah you can totally go for that
just don't touch it you're gonna get
rabies animal ers right there so I can
go get mad sure we'll be good we'll be
safe since hours have a girls night out
I'm just gonna treat myself to a fancy
dinner at China taste I love the name of
Chinese food places it's always either
like number one walk or number one China
or China number one it's always like
some sort of variation there's like
playing a billionaire there's actually
one this isn't a swear word it was
called fuck you noodles or something
like that I think was like the funniest
whatever okay with lay contest guys in
the comments tell me the funniest it one
you've seen or just online the funniest
name of a Chinese food restaurant and
tell us in comments see if we can get
better than fuyq' noodles alright with
some case of China right now hey ma you
want to hang out why I'm practicing
that's right slap in the biz so tomorrow
we're playing Indiana it's actually
gonna be my first show like I was saying
so but a little bit nervous but I think
it's gonna be so much fun I'm like I'm
like really pumped but the way it's
gonna yeah yeah
we're so American that's awesome when
our Patriot missile oh it's awesome
these two fish
that takes it out
wait
merci psst
with child tripping
to be an ally don't forget tomorrow
