again something
that is adorable you're cute up
apparently there was a strap the entire
time hey guys good morning how's it
going
it is SuperDuper it's actually better
than at that early but we have to go I
got a good to get a a mold of my ear
holes and we're gonna have practice it's
gonna be the last practice until the
show on Friday or Thursday oh we were
gonna do I don't know we might build a
rocket ship I go to the moon I don't
really know how he doesn't want me to
film her because she's got our morning
face on she's got a makeup no we'll do
it
no back your back of your head Nicholas
how's your how's your chest feeling I
know I'm late shut up pants probably
want a chocolate chip cookie oh that was
fast
I literally just kicked your butt gonna
get my ear holes cast I got the I got
the notes and everything I'm gonna try
to film this one too cuz I think I'm
supposed to be like this for like the
entire time so hearing loss no wives no
itching no fatigue chills chest pain it
always makes everybody feel this stuff
out like I always feel like I have
everyone you start getting the symptoms
right you know I feel like after firm
you don't have heartburn I found the
real no no I don't have that cleaners
you don't have a bunch of gunk in here's
your good I have pristine ears oh is
that it okay okay
it's just a piece doesn't go to your
eardrum oh yeah that's good that's funny
is that really that's people coffee
Kuenn you and some people are a lot more
sensitive than others
and so I don't own that's really crazy
the more you know let me see you're a
little well that's cute it's like a new
earring you should thread that through
Europe anything to do with my ear is
like you know like when some of you
clean like q-tips or something I know
you're not supposed to use those but
like I always feel like if I'm doing an
ear door like you're gonna come through
the door just like jab
my hair that's seriously basically just
oh that's weird
yeah what it ends up doing is it you're
either gonna have to go through lots of
surgery and you could end up with
hearing loss but sometimes it's a fixed
we can you not hear out of that here no
uh-uh uh yeah I can uh I'm getting a
full full full impression that's good
they won't be missing anything you're a
weirdo kind of a little bit
uh-huh don't move your mouth sure
I don't usually make in this big but
we're making sure we get everything
looking good that's the new fashion so
let's get my mouth oh yeah I open it a
little bit more me there you'll like you
just just so you don't move because it
says if you move it's an impression
enjoying this huh that was just so weird
uh-huh I'm just gonna start throwing
stuff in his open now he has to keep his
mouths open so that if he talks or
anything these little things don't move
he's getting you told him what you're
doing right mm-hmm okay he's getting
impressions made for his little ear in
ear monitors so he's uh he can't move
his no all right oh there you are
so that what Revere looks like on the
inside hmm where's so strange your ear
is weird
there it is
that's Charles is a year now you're
gonna have ear identity theft because
people are gonna copy your ears that was
the weirdest sensation first lady you
know that when you get water in here it
was just like a year ago cool and then
what is stuck you can't hear anything I
and then when she pulls it out it was
like I thought she had my eardrum and
she was pulling my eardrum out it didn't
hurt it was just like wait a minute was
so strange ready to be fun to see the
after oh my god I just want to go ship
some stuff out and they had these little
things hanging I was like what is this
and the lady she just held it up and she
goes it's a punching bag but she said it
in a very like Russian accent J to punch
a punching bag in Russian it's a
punching bag yeah that's exactly what
she said then she just goes and she just
gave it to me so I have a mini little
tonsil looking thing got you something
oh no actually I want to get this on
camera the the new camera was under
warranty they said I didn't break it it
was a manufacturer of defect so you
can't say I broke both of them and cuz
it's under warranty it's cheaper they
gave me a gift card and I just made $32
really buy it breaking they gave me
money because it's cheaper now so oh
your surgery I'll meet you halfway what
are you doing on there
what are you doing under there lazy dogs
is lounging around probably really wants
to go swimming bring it all the way back
you weirdo ready that way uh you're too
smart Bali
Oh gotcha Zoey how we lost Marley oh
there's our look at kitchen she's uh
sighing that squirrel right now
are you having fun being practice guys
last time Danny and I played music
together he was 14 and I was six Wow
my mom is a really huge where the Kings
fan and so she's kind of freaking out
that she's getting a private showing
right now this is probably the best day
we used to do that like it shows and yo
she would put behind the set throw out a
stick like you had to stop her like
legal issues like liability we get it
from the side we get so it's really
bright behind you just kind of watching
you out go
it's the silhouette yeah you're still
what looks good but you can't tell what
you're doing so shoot an arrow you look
so sad Marley she's like so depressed
like knows on the camera you're stuck
you don't have anything you have a giant
red mob of awesome huh rushing him yeah
you're gonna get tangled
well as you can see that was that's the
final practice that I'm gonna have until
the first official show in Indiana so
remember if you guys are coming
I think it's Hanover Indiana I hope you
guys are coming I feel like I got it
though I feel like I got it it's
actually Hunter's birthday today so
we're gonna try to meet up with
everybody later tonight we're gonna film
the CT epic cinema and a couple other
things I have to take care of maybe like
do some laundry
you haven't said happy birthday hunter
make sure to go do that but I got a big
dog food because it it was actually kind
of funny because right after we were
done playing Zoey Marley just beelined
they ran right for me kind of like
tackle me I'm like oh that's sweet
missed me
no they they tackled me then ran to
their bowls not like knocked it with her
nose and then look back at me so gotta
get them food all right remember how I
said that you know this whole process I
was gonna try to keep you guys
completely involved in like the whole
decision-making like you guys are
helping me select the base that I'm
gonna be playing on stage well you
remember how I got the ear molds earlier
in the video so there are several colors
and I just I you know what I just can't
make a decision and I need your help no
I know it's super cheesy right here here
are the colors right here on the screen
right here so tell me in the comments
which one I should get which one do you
think is more acceptable or more
appropriate for my for my ear holes so
just tell me the comments these are your
options and I will I will look and I
will see what you guys think I just said
I was gonna keep you guys completely
involved in the whole process and I
thought it'd be kind of fun because well
one I can't make my own decision and -
it's like interactiveness I don't know
so what do you think
cool should I get to break green one
that was pretty insane just imagine it
looks like I have Slimer in my ear
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
they'll probably be a gift on tumblr now
I think we can go left here we're trying
to find out where everyone is for
hunters birthday ah it does say road
closed is this Britney Spears my
goodness gracious
you look way gangster I mean I can't but
they're cops that what kind of a thing
it's not like a star system like I'll
actually yeah we got five stars that
means we have a helicopter on our tail
it's so so dark it can't really build
anything
never leave your phone at a bar with
Charles Trippy roads
okay get it the pokey there goes all
right dad
Danny okay there we go
there we go most I'm Darryl okay we're
done we're done
no no present not me okay here you all
on film so we got one we got two and
then the third thing is the food kitchen
apparently you have to taste these food
of all time you can't have it Marley you
can't have it she's left hey if you do
it really fast you won't ever know
cousin it over here what are you doing
you've been hiding at your hair all day
I didn't give it to you
eating way too much Kathmandu can't even
sit properly holy crap it feels like
deja vu right now my God look at this do
you guys remember this okay look at this
okay hey hello CTFxC I love you actually
ET was that how did he sound it was like
he wasn't I really knows better than
what I did take an old dude stretch his
neck out Jambu eyes take off like the
top of his head he's like kind of a
cro-magnon man et is probably the
best-looking alien of all alien movies
super friendly ever ops with little bun
with rather large okay this post orbital
bar slightly what I didn't do oh I'm
such a nerd like your arm length oh my
god Elle is gonna get nerdy no it's
really like a thing it's like how you
measure like what species you are it's
so cute
that's like the if I okay if I ever saw
a tee like of all aliens I'd be like
dude high five man no you run probably
alright guys I guess we'll see you
tomorrow I keep it on the EP theme I
guess so he's just opening the door like
excuse me I want to go out this way it's
gonna wake up everyone so the secret
phase will be et phone home and so if
you watch the entire video well no
because you broke et phone home in the
comments Oh Marley come on no more cat
food dude number cat food come on let's
go let's go to bed I'll see you guys
tomorrow good night
let's go keep going keep walking scoot
your butt
were sexy
which are tripping
Photography
you
