do those things make an appearance again
yeah I don't pit toilet paper you see
the drama good morning cyberspace yeah
we are going down alleys getting surgery
she's going she has a dermatologist
minor surgery don't worry she's fine
but yes she's just kidding like you know
like little skin spot or something
removed you're gonna be all dopey in a
few hours oh boy we're gonna have
practice at Leon right we should change
the names of art there the greens they
have no idea what that is just Google
Martin Luther Queens just google it and
you'll be surprised
hey Zoe what are you doing back there
hi Marley Zoe she's like yeah she better
stay on the floor walking too fast you
nervous
oh pretty I sucked the smell of flowers
and alligator and right now he's gone so
I feel like walking around this hospital
a lost puppy trying to find her and it
lays like are you lost
oh man I don't know
damn
that looks like like a teleport lamp
doesn't it oh that's pretty snazzy is it
was it by Edouard papel this is
seriously he's like a Marvin the Martian
thing no I don't think so I think I'm
allowed to be in here when she's getting
the little skin surgery thingy but like
no way I don't think I can do it I think
it passed out oh when I was little I
used to always go through all the
drawers now that I'm more yeah I'm now
that I'm older I might get in trouble
for it was that like that hands down the
creepiest thing in every doctor's office
especially Americans those are all this
is a neurological center Selleck those
are mostly like Botox and fillers
really
is it hurt okay imagine what it's like
to not feel pain uh-huh but feel someone
pulling on your skin I can hear him
cutting my skin and I think I could feel
him I could feel okay this is the
weirdest part if any of you have ever
sewn anything like oh my god you can
feel it like pulling Oh feel any pain
but when he would pull it was like
really long and I could feel it pulling
through my skin you couldn't feel any
pain that no but it's even worse to feel
bad he's my home just like like like
like that what like your stomach is like
oh my god like that numbing we didn't go
out that far I'm always like not really
blown away but it's always really funny
when I see like keypads that are
actually physically keypads because you
know like with everything being touch
you're like the iPads and cell phones in
general there's always like virtual
keyboards wait alright No
give me gas but you know every time I
see like newer touch-tone phones
remember those or rotary phones those
are are you still like my grandma used
to have a rotary phone and I used to
always just call random people because I
just liked doing a little like knobby
thing that would they call is called the
knobby thing keyboard puppy
good girl
you're backing up 600 5 you're really
gonna keep me hanging here really oh man
how he's trying to put her makeup on
right now and I went over a little bump
all right let me see I don't think you
could see from that wide shot let me see
score that's what you get for being late
payback's settled paybacks just blame it
on the pothole guys ever want to get
back at your lady friends I'm sorry I'm
so sorry
drummer drummer come on recording here
we go I swear Dano get you through you
guys eventually will he make it
Oh
all those reclose what was what was that
is that beer in a champagne glass state
apparently won a limo so we're all going
guys I have to do a formal introduction
this is Billy this is this is snake okay
you're gonna see him a lot on tour and
stuff like that he's basically my Savior
he's gonna make sure I don't screw up so
everyone say hi to snake as you'll see
them around a lot I feel like I give you
kudos to like everybody because I was
telling these guys you guys have you see
them all on so well so many people right
now to do intro so just like the pie hey
are we gonna watch some baseball guys
hey we're gonna watch a lot of baseball
no pass no jerk in Japan they call it
stickball this is a shame by the way
you'll see a lot of him as well lookout
cute ally is she's pretending like she
knows what she's watching
you put some relish looks so gross
creepy mascot we just passed Lou Gehrig
on the all-time hit list right now we
just witnessed his history right there
yeah
I'll call them one of the best can
traditions that I've ever seen
hey batter batter batter batter batter
swing swing
whoa
that's a catchy
all around
high fives all around you're like a
freaking squirrel
you being a penis right now no they're
very good penis
I'm trippin everyone back up so okay
you know
I think other cameras pulsate the focus
who's got a lighter
finally now
so do you have fun with the cheesy love
ballad yeah the classic I wasn't able to
I wasn't able to upload the whole thing
but I uploaded on my iPhone on the trip
you channel YouTube account slash trippy
so if you want to see Ali and Travis's
amazing duet you can click in the video
description or you can probably click
right here on the screen there's
probably an annotation you can go watch
and tell them maybe they should do it
like they should do the entire the
entire song that we actually pretty fun
so if you want to check it out anyway so
we're just gonna crash here tonight
obviously these guys are already ready
for bed and then tomorrow morning
actually I'm gonna be getting an ear
mold but an ear mole an ear mold because
I want to get these uh they're called
in-ear monitors and so when I play I can
hear the click track and all that stuff
so we're gonna go get my a mold of my
ear which is kind of weird right I don't
know how that's gonna happen but I'll
definitely film it you guys are gonna
come so early in the morning and then oh
I forgot to tell you guys I think on the
30th this this like Thursday or Friday I
think might be Friday we're gonna be
playing and Hannover Hanover Indiana I
think it might be like an outdoor
college festival music or something so
if you're in Indiana guys make sure to
come so any CTFxC r--'s in the area
please please please come it actually
when I first official show the other one
wasn't really a full show was like two
songs where you CTFxC gear so I know and
just find us cuz it'd be really cool so
so I need your support guys my goal is
to convince every one of the guys to go
to the Pretzel Factory with me because I
love pretzels they're so good and to see
what they're made I'll be great I'm
rambling a lot you guys have been
yelling at me for no secret phrase so
the secret phrase should be never let go
CTFxC never let go
alright I'll see you guys tomorrow I
hope we had fun it was a fun day
you guys have fun don't forget to click
thumbs up and all that fun stuff and
tell a friend tell the friend to join
the CTFxC we should recruit right
can I guess
yes
with child tripping
with charity
don't forget so anymore
