good morning cyberspace let me get a
jump start literally on the block door
shut and don't know why that door is
shut let's let's open it so that doesn't
happen again
hi guys how's it going how's your day
going so far so far it's been pretty
relaxing over here on the ikd front the
CTFxC front i just been practicing up I
just found out I gotta go
I got to go somewhere this weekend I got
two shows this weekend which I'm really
really pumped for so today we're gonna
practice we're gonna get the band
together and we're gonna practice I
think at Travis house or Ali's parents
house or something and then it's
actually my mom's birthday it is my
mom's birthday today
so I want everyone all you CTFxC is
watching this to make sure to wish my
mom a pleasant birthday a hapa but that
or something like that
I don't know why I'm so hyper I've had
one cup of coffee and I was getting me
another one she said no I had the other
Cup
shh don't tell do not Twitter her and
say that I had cop do not Twitter her
and tell her that she gave me two cups
of coffee coffee with like I love coffee
anyway so make sure to wish my mama
happy birthday in the comments I know
she'd love to read them and stuff like
that you guys are so nice you got the
CTF xcs so nice but yes we have two
shows this weekend not really sure where
they're at they just like hey we have
shows this weekend let's we got to get
on a plane and go and I was like ah this
is awesome this is so cool and I think
Ally might come to one of them she might
fly out for one of them their fly dates
it's not only got Taurus like fly
hearing them fly their cuz they're not
on tour right now so it's kind of like a
lot of fly dates that's what we've been
doing that's what it's called that you
guys learn something you learn something
new about like band lingo I guess fly
dates I don't know cuz these are gonna
serve is kind of like a behind the
scenes of everything - as well as
documenting my life and stuff like that
it's gonna be interesting it's me flying
fun fun so be fun guys fought off flan
that's pretty good what about flubber do
you remember the movie Robin Williams
it's so weird I just looked over in the
Marley's of staring at me like um what
the fuck yeah I'm just waiting on Ali
right now she's sending out all the
wedding invites she's dropped them
in the post office and we're gonna shoot
today CT FX in a'mma so we gotta go
check out Ali's channel watch that and
then we're heading down someone's
birthday have practice hang out with
everybody oh do you guys remember okay
remember my poo pants from Lollapalooza
okay so they cleaned it look at this
no more poop stains see that that that
dry cleaner was amazing look no more
poop stains I thought that was
fascinating like how do they do that
you guys remember I used like three
complete bottles of product on that and
they were just like oh just give us some
minutes we'll get it the minutes and no
yet no more poop stains my poop pants no
longer a poo pants do you guys feel
tired that you just watch this okay ah
ah look at that storm we're driving into
it we're driving in and out of it we're
driving in it
we're drying driving in it we're driving
in we're driving in it
driving in it you're driving in and he
driving out foiled again by cartoons so
you look so uncomfortable how did you
even fit down there did you kick her
down there do you guys want for Pros and
lemonade
I wanna call this video this is really
should have put a warning on this video
huh parking fair parking fail well
unfortunately my mom is not feeling too
good right now
so we decided that all families are all
together anyway we would just go out and
celebrate and have a drink on her honor
and honor I guess you could say so we're
gonna be my sister my my dad here at the
restaurant we always we visit frequently
that fall back rest
pound it oh hey Lauren how's it going
all right let's play it let's move
basketball all right we gotta get the
pick in the basket ready Oh
Melissa just gave me this these are like
old school candies I used to eat like
these like I would eat the entire box
like constantly favorite I know thank
you
afraid though to try it because these
are so awesome as a kid I feel like
myself have you been John Martin
everybody happy birthday this is the
scary walk up to protect your balls oh
my god this is a reversible
oh it sounds like there's like five of
me
duper Beauty if you're smart oh listen
to me
it's kappa 'help sound like that yeah
this is different because testing
testing testing internet kill download
version she's your daughter
my daughter doesn't know what a snare
drum is wait you need more cowbell no no
think George of the jungle George George
George of the jungle George George
close now you gotta watch out for the
tree she's better than Meg white see I'm
I'm tired I'm just good going to here
now go into your man cave where why are
you guys freaking like okay is my nose
bleeding guys like Zoey's just like
scratch the crap out of my face she's
gonna bite your face say bitch I wanna
fucking bite your fellow oh she's gonna
bite your face oh you want to see
something really crazy
I literally okay I literally dropped an
iPad on my toe look at this I know I
know I'm bleeding all over the place an
iPad and iPad did that and oh my god I
was like I was like oh we're just gonna
look something up really quick and I
dropped it on my toe and look at this
that's blood
what all right sit down you just smacked
your toe I'm cussing Oh
my put your bet relax Wow I know
Darren everyone punch that actually he's
kind of painful
I like tofu Oh No kick it again
Charmander please stop do so your big
toe could get infected and fall off them
look good sandal tan I worked so hard
for the entry ID you how did you get
blood all over this toe mmm why would
your toes separate more what is wrong
with you so I will see you guys tomorrow
wait you can't see my face right good
night guys
I will see you tomorrow don't forget to
collect thumbs up or I will find you not
really
epic just yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow
good night sleep tight don't let the
bedbugs bite
that would suck did I guess see you
tomorrow
where's the ESX
with Joe Trippi
with Dean
don't forget anymore
