hey good morning Internet it's 4 p.m.
it's way too sir you work in that you
wish you know it it's 4 a.m. and it's
way too early to start a video so I'll
see you guys like couple hours time
everyone is exhausted so I'm just gonna
cut to a few hours and ahead of time
hopefully on a plane
good morning sleepy is way too early
right now we're ready to go our bus left
the dreaded airport cluster where
everyone from zone 1 & 4 are waiting he
have no idea what suddenly cult because
they all just go there it's always so
funny like it's like that and getting
off a plane the second the plane stops
everyone clicks their seatbelts and
tries to get up and leave but they can
it's funny there's Justin Bieber legit
Danny's all embarrassed she sign Bebe's
giant purple hoodie wasn't inconspicuous
enough that was Justin Bieber the Biebs
the Biebs that's what I'd like to like
bodyguard guys around them but you can't
get a happy meal with
time travel to the future disobeying the
rules I'm not gonna hold that I'm not
gonna hold that I don't need to do that
I think is probably riddled with germs
anyway just like walking around like I'm
drunk
so I'm in the exit row see right now
okay so there's no trade tables right
here so I have I can't very well do this
because I would be really stupid and
everyone knows my story alone you know
why I've a fee on the lights right there
if you don't know the story
okay so this is
the trade table
when I got close it is
pretty ridiculous actually there doesn't
even fold out early
that's funny though makes for a good
story
rocks are in training it was pretty fun
well get you have to come next time
Justin Bieber was on a plane I told she
like screams he was a you guys couldn't
really see it in the camp of the footage
because he was in McDonald's actually
and then he was like surrounded be Vic
Donald it was actually really funny he
was vlogging in McDonald's and then like
it was really actually they had this
camera because he was like filming all
around McDonald's talking to it and
everything yeah he was vlogging it was
pretty interesting I guess he was going
back to Atlanta a rehearsal or something
like that so I tried guys I tried but
his cronies were blocking out I couldn't
they can go to what are you doing what
are you doing okay I hope you didn't eat
poop today the celebrations always going
crazy so he quit it down so again it go
crazy go crazy Oh where's your pillar I
get your pillow God she found it get it
so I kid hop it come on
naptime now I'm gonna go get some snacks
cuz you want to see what's in our fridge
I'll tell you what's in our friend you
ready for this oh my god that coffee
still in there I know that's what what's
in our fridge pickles yogurt some butter
and some orange juice it's really sad go
ahead I'm good not eating yogurt pickle
pickle yogurt pickle yogurt and let's
check our freezer I doubt there's
anything in there yeah nothing oh snap
company flag on Charles decided took a
little nappy nap at the house cuz he's
exhausting yep well guys we haven't been
here in a while I remember the last time
we're actually at the dog park we had
enough time to just like hang out and
pee on grass did you just do that Marley
Punk I walked over I'm like Charmander
about to go to my friend's house to see
them and he's passed out
so I think I fell asleep put them in 30
seconds you did because I was talking to
you and I looked over here and you were
passed out it's weird
I see all right turn around see if you
can hit it I got this sexy towel here
yeah sexy toe hair something just
randomly popped into my head while we
were having dinner at our friend's house
and you know it's a little disappointing
because this was a memory that I have
repressed for several years now and it
just randomly resurfaced in my life I'm
gonna have nightmares again
do you remember salad fingers yeah but I
can't take you seriously with that thing
on your head
salad fingers oh my god and I just I
don't know out of nowhere it just came
rushing back to me we were going through
a bunch of old popular YouTube clips and
like I don't know like you know like the
badger badger 8 like we were just
talking about all the stupid crap we
used to watch and just all of a sudden
out of nowhere salad fingers
can you tell me where you keep yes what
are you doing you see no friggin way
you're kidding those people they light
that ass up yeah turn around what that
cool and then I can cut out dude that is
ridiculous oh it's for the music video
she will be to diss me oh my god I am so
it I've never been more jealous in my
life I want to light up jacket looks
cooler in here though oh my god you look
like Tron I know you're having way too
much fun
kind of cool it's kinda it's awesome
oh my goodness yes Marley your daddy
passed out with his cool Tron jacket
London you guys are a bunch of lazy
butts all right everyone that's our vlog
we'll see you tomorrow
worse yet
giddy with child tripping
where is he
with trippy an alley
