good morning everyone start cutting yeah
see if we can get over there
whatta cups what a good way to start the
day on the 405
I just put all the toys away they were
all over the ground so I picked them all
off so this little guys could start
vacuuming and I see that Zoey has
brought out her olive and I was about to
yell at her and tell her to go put it
away then I see it sitting neatly atop
the windowsill where she normally sits
so Zoey just brought her toy over there
and put it on the windowsill Thank You
Lane somebody got fired they are they're
all leaning to the left oh yeah that's
the winning omelet oh it's such a
beautiful day outside and we are going
down to Sarasota to spend some time with
some of my friends cuz I've been working
a lot I've had to sort of take over the
vlog responsibilities for Charles um
while he's out in LA in rock star
training as I like to call it so I'm
just trying to get everything together I
just ripped out a bunch of merch today
was so stressful oh my gosh this morning
was ridiculous I almost did not make it
to the post office I got there in five
minutes
within five minutes of closing that's
great check it out
yeah I want to just grab the board go
out there you know we can grab a couple
sets I love the fact that there's a
bunch of giant like ropes in the back
right there this is
the Rope well I I think it is Internet
help us out we don't know the answer
so great you're always right
that is a really sweet longboard oh jeez
it's nice
alright let's do a little hotel
walkthrough lots of outlets yeah oh yeah
compared to the last one that's uh
that's pretty snazzy bathroom town I've
actually never been to Huntington it's
actually the first time ever right here
we're sharing that yeah oh all right
well can I have the right side at least
and you can have the left okay you're
gonna be the little spoon all right I'll
be the big spoon that lamp has a face so
he's freaking out she can't find Dennis
it's like every time she comes in the
house dad if my dad's not sitting right
there she flips out where is he no I
care about food only I am so nervous /
excited for Charles he's playing tonight
just like a private event thing and it's
the first time he's ever playing live
with me the king so I mix I'm so nervous
for him I don't think he's nervous I
mean I know he can do it he's extremely
talented but I just I just remember how
nervous I used to get when I was a
dancer before a show is a good
excitement it was like nervous
excitement and I just oh my gosh I'm
like sweating just thinking about I have
a 80s picture as my background so
whenever I feel sad about my life I can
do
other people hideous in the 80s why
don't we go and grab a photo no it's a
permed like it's not - what not a mullet
nice that's a cardinal so the beach it's
actually kind of interesting it's kind
of like it's kind of like Venice but a
little less scary here's a good clean
Venice where we're actually worth a
watch I decided that in California I
just don't know where nice rig just
chilling right there it was kind of
boyish wasn't it yeah yeah I want to say
it was something like that - it was like
a wide name there you go
get some oil oh there's a few surfers
out there you know just just a couple
not too many people just hanging out on
the beach
it's really nice here
he's probably just don't look at you
just like squawk no this is where I'm
standing this is where that evil seagull
just poops
make a bit of mad it's up did you
somebody put out a little stick on
mustache on him
Danny I think you'd rock this I think
you could do it I'm thinking of style
change and there's enough for everybody
I think it's really good try it on Cole
here you go like how you just like just
push it all the way oh you have the gun
a baker - we all have life now Tagalongs
they had like 30,000 of these is that is
trendy if it's misspelled Vegas Beach
all right so if you guys did not know
already Coley is actually related to
John Stamos and if you don't believe me
okay look at the photo here's John
Stamos okay so we're gonna actually
we're gonna do is we're gonna we're
gonna redo this photo with him and then
we're gonna see if you guys want to all
retweet the photo when we get it done
and we're gonna try to get John Stamos
you feel like acknowledge the fact that
it's his son I think it'd be really
funny he's like wait like have a son
don't you guys agree that's like that's
dead-on he said we were wondering what
was going on hi papi
hey boy
apparently there's a dog show a fashion
show a dog fashion show we have to I
mean you can't oh yeah
that's a big dog there's an Australian
Kelpie just like Zoey oh hey buddy he's
going it's like a red carpet for dogs I
guess we're on the beach it's actually
really nice though this is beyond the
beaches breeze actually you know what I
don't know I I feel like I filmed this
yeah I'm broken again oh he can't really
tell it's there we go literally feels
like we're in Tron we're the gangster
regards cuz they put them right here for
some reason should be pretty cool we
have the lifeguard of their riling up
everyone cuz there's a lifeguard at
night oh he's got done and I would I
would be mad a success that was a lot of
fun high fives all around
yes we're the kings oshi you'll see a
lot of Yoshi he's a trickster we
literally just played on the beach was
actually the greatest place you can find
play like yeah this the we know like a
yacht it we should do this like
guerrilla style like from now on up
Travis what are you 12
we were not son said we came and got
some drink
I love America
that's not real look this is my hand
next to this so huge small child's worth
of alcohol do you want that a small
child's worth of liquor I don't think we
need that I know this is really really
dark but this is where Charles and I had
our very first date we sat on that swing
right there really talked and it was
super romantic and we fell in love and
all that crazy I didn't hear that oh my
god that was nuts it was a really really
big fish just jumped all right see what
Santa got here yeah that's not too bad
most of it's in my sock what do you do
you totally just play a practical joke
here just let it visit that's wider than
the actual thing why would they have a
door that you can just come up and do
not enter a zombie's oh that would be
good we got pretty scary like slide down
hi what's your name Jessica okay cool
we're gonna be hanging out with Jessica
tonight it's much better this way
let's pan around and then I'm gonna do a
wide shot on this way guys think it's
gonna be funny okay so we get the wide
shot and then we got this like I was
sitting right here
your little nugget point wait
oh my point deeply I've discovered that
by smacking my camera I can make it turn
on shy away it's very late and I am
going to finish editing together the
viewers of the CTF extent of my wrist
cutters episode I'm gonna sleep I am
extremely happy for Charles he was
texting me and he said that he thinks he
did a good job at the show today so I'm
really really excited for them I think
it's gonna be a really really good match
the girls are excited so we actually
sees a reflection right now so she's
gonna be off in her own world for
probably another good five minutes so
yeah that's it and it was a pretty slow
day on my end I was mostly just catching
up on work that I got behind on the past
few days since we've been traveling and
stuff but I think tomorrow we're gonna
do some exciting shopping maybe some
mother-of-the-bride shopping all right
well I'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching
see what he did
wait
merci psst
with y'all trippin
it would be an ally
you
