good morning guys I was just trying to
get one of those photo was in a photo
with in a photo bed thing also I don't
know if you could see the screen is
broken guess who did that not me and for
the first time ever I'm a little late I
was uploading the video and I got a run
all the way to Ali sister's house for
her brother's baby shower so I'm just
kind of rushing around right now got the
video up so check one got pants on check
two got the camera check three wallet
that's the next one can't lose that and
sunglasses then we're good
also right off the bat I just want to
show you guys something new looks like
YouTube just implemented reason why I
bring it up is because a lot of people
I've been saying you know like we have
issues with giving the videos in the
subscription box which for video I'm
actually subscribed to a bunch of
youtubers and I don't give their
notifications to but I think YouTube fix
that so I'm going to show you guys I
want you guys to do right now
so on the video you're watching right
now is going to say all this stuff so
make sure you're subscribed that's
important so make sure to check under
subscribe and then there's this little
bell you guys I want you guys to click
this little bill and it's going to say
send me all notifications for this
channel so it saves and then we should
have it a little darkened right there
and hopefully hopefully just combat the
issue that we're having that little bell
down there you see that little bell
click it and click the check mark for
send me all notifications and you should
be able to get the videos no matter what
even if the subscription box is broken
which happens a lot I don't know I
thought I'd pass that on looks like it's
a new feature I just noticed that this
morning if I was there for a while but
how observant I am all right now anyways
you
I love you're using
yeah
Alley and everybody wanted one well I
had to come back with boss spots one
little lick it looks like coconut water
carbon I'm not good but Lexi's killing
it making it all fancy which is not fair
because I got that because it's both in
the box
was it a lot more fun yeah I mean 500
milliliters oh yeah and it is rocky and
my body is our pleasure and it's
environmentally conscious you know that
happy Cameron I love that you live on
the water do you like it I also like
take my pants I I didn't say this on
camera last time but you can really
raise such a sort in a row today would
make this girl walk at it like I wanna
be 1/3 scratching your neck I mean more
just one more one more
were you the one singing Queen
make me feel welcome yet southern to
make it southern about it I really want
to think it's not working for me
that's broken it if we're just gonna
figure it you gotta take for it yeah I
got you gotta get down get down the
balloon there you go yeah there it is
okay
his lungs are gonna explode oh honey I'm
so proud if you get one that will go in
your ear in your nose yeah right
accessible don't move so bad okay in one
there yeah there we go
yeah sweet
you look cool dad yeah go horizontal
boogie up back back is amazing right now
I'm listening to like you know every
once a while and the the car I was
talking to guys about the band I used to
listen to that randomly come on my Apple
music or Spotify or whatever the thing
is and this is the band that I used to
listen to all the time it's called
pulley I don't know if you guys have
ever heard of them but if you like
thrown out penny wise or lag wagon like
those type of bands you
I love them and this album right here I
remember vividly loving and learning
almost every baseline on this is the
album I was just texting Danny about it
because Danny and I loved we pretty much
love the same bands like back in the old
days the whole drive through records
just set speedy punk rock beat you know
same drum beats like the same thing over
and over again but we pretty much grew
up on this stuff that I freaking miss it
so much
wish more bands this is kind of using
again so if you're starting a band
there's probably no money in it but fake
bands like this sorry I just was a
random thing because this came up just
blew me back like 15 years right there
well guys oh man that thing is really
goofed up so I'm looking at let me show
you see if I can show you if I'm on this
screen how goofed up it is it switches
camera there you go now you can see what
I'm talking about
you fall Ali drop this one this is
totally not me so chocolate or
alright I've switched back to the other
camera look it was like magic
so today's was a very long day very a
lot of a lot of family I'm sure a lot of
you guys know how that is it's just
always chaotic look it's so hard it's so
hard I feel like it's the hardest part
hardest things to vlog I feel like are
at like playlist live or VidCon or any
other like vlogger fair buffer fest I
feel vloggers blog the least it's kind
of ironic at those things and I feel
like a family things are very - hardest
places to kind of film because you just
want to hang out with family but luckily
today we were able to document Matt and
Carly's firstborn coming future
firstborn as you'd say and show you guys
some of the craziness that is our family
yeah we got a lot of what you thought
Ali was weird and then you see her
extended family and her cousins and her
dad and her mom and all that stuff now
it makes a lot of sense doesn't it just
kind of comes around in circles I'm
actually so exhausted right now I'm
actually do my favorite the Ellie
already passed out she pressed up so
early
she's been up all morning taking care of
stuff with Caitlin for this event or for
this party I should say there was like
four year 50 people many of which I
don't even know who they were but it was
cool the basal sale
my event and I'm happy we will bring you
guys I hope you enjoy today's video I'm
gonna go watch some Simpsons please in
the comments say congratulations to Matt
and Carly on their little baby girl that
would be awesome
also before ever yet is actually really
important if you're still watching this
you're awesome if you stop watching this
you're not awesome and you'll never know
I said that but anyway you see that
little bell down there underneath the
video remember to click that thing it's
saved for send all notifications and
hopefully we can combat this whole
YouTube subscription glitch that's been
plaguing the youtubes for a long time
okay I'm going to go now I hope you
enjoyed today's video I'm going to shut
up and I will see a tomorrow's always
have a great night I guess
