good morning hi guys
super early it's like 5:00 in the
morning what are you guys doing so hyper
you're not even that hyper yet
good morning it is 6:00 in the morning
at least I think she's a zombie alley
right now what is that you okay back
there heading to the airport right now
we're gonna plenty of time for something
like that
you got zombie alley over there and yeah
so we head to LA and then come back
right around Saturday so it's kind of a
quick to their back so he keeps tickling
yourself it's kind of funny like she
keeps like itching your side and then
hear that noise that's her kicking your
leg cuz it's tickling yourself bye guys
be good look what what does farley see
I love you
I love you it's definitely very very
much a bummer that Ellie can't come
right now just I'm so so last minute we
just found out or I just found out like
that I had to go like two days ago
we weren't able to get her a ticket but
luckily they'll be lots lots more for
her to go go check out
just drip charles off at the airport and
for those of you who have ever been to
TFA International Airport aka TPA so I
decided to not pay attention to the
signage and up on 275 going the wrong
direction this morning which means that
I basically hopped on a seven mile
bridge going the wrong effing direction
by morning
I found I found one of them danny is
husband c18 yeah okay all right yeah
okay so Travis has one point right now
but I got off the plane first so I guess
we're kind of like almost even a needy
baby planes in the middle the planets to
my justice oh yes exactly
I think Danny is currently trying to
missing he's missing in the hunter is
missing as well back in Bradenton to be
misses play but I think Danny is
actually trying to be sneaky and get an
upgrade right now before everybody he's
gonna try to go to the kiosk and say
like oh yeah that's my party - you know
I'm worried that reservation should
totally upgrade lures maybe because I'll
just give it to them or something like
that let me sit in the bathroom on the
plane we're best friends yeah just give
it to me I promise pinky swear daddy
oh wow that was really good dining good
lord this is stressful uploading a video
and waiting for to process and I don't
want to screw anything up we are super
delayed apparently they are oh by the
way from Danny sleeping but I guess
there's something wrong with the plane
so they're switching it out and I guess
we're delaying another an hour and a
half yes we just waited out I don't know
if you guys have I think but every time
I hear like they're like fixing
something or they're doing maintenance
on a plane before you get on it I want
to freak out I was
like I don't know I don't like hearing
it I'd rather than just fix it and not
tell us I'm just saying like oh the
pilot has diarrhea or something like
that by the way I know how good I look
in our sleep I'm looking bill clinton
after he is an author but like three
people got that out oh by the way you
gotta see how cute aliens i want to go
pack everything and look at this Ali
walks around like that gets next it's
lots of snacks just waiting just waiting
around so thank you honey
you take a look over here
I just realized that when I was going
through the drive-thru
I had lipstick on my teeth and that's
why the girl is looking at me so funny
so I was like I like thanks
make-a-wish Amy well guys we are totally
totally delayed it's actually funny uh
hunter got on another flight and
actually made it and he's actually
getting a lot of flight even though he
missed his flight
and they gave us a $6 you can see a six
dollar meal Belcher so it's a I guess
I'm sorry so we're gonna play a game
we're gonna play a game to see if we can
buy anything at the airport for six
dollars it's gonna be a fun game very
challenging game see if you can do it
alright let's go in here first so we can
buy here for six dollars and we can get
some silly bands can we get this nope
can get this sweet spoon no how about
this sweet giraffe ah close but no that
would just be ridiculous I can just go
buy some jewelry here's a voucher go
fight jewelry instead of food I gotta go
get Starbucks can't even get Starbucks
for six hours
I know what's the stipulations here you
hear the hacking cough a lot of getting
on an airplane I get some frozen yogurt
ha victory I feel very proud right now
very proud oh there's one of those big
plans
like doing like spamming okay you guys
ready the time travel there we go just
found sheets called shakes and they are
there literally like Under Armour
material sheets or like not wetsuit
they're not as thick as that but they're
literally just so I feel like that would
not be comfortable just wants to let
everyone know that he landed safely in
Los Angeles do your impression of Roxy
started rolling around and touching all
the time we made it alive
nearly where's hunter they've been here
for like hours yeah we were just talking
that was part of the worst turbulence
I've ever encountered
that was absolutely terrifying
I would like fall asleep for a second
and then it's just like next thing you
know the thing just like fell like
thousands of feet the biggest planes
that flies the sky you shouldn't feel
like that wasn't like an international
plane that was a little big 747 yeah now
gonna make a statement Delta flight
attendants you have the best balance and
it's very true budget if you get scared
look at their eyes and if they if they
turn white or they look concerned and
you should probably be concerned but if
they're just like like Travis is dead
just kind of going with the flow your my
lady was puking in the background and
now we found them yes I will be super
proud if you guys can guess what movie
this is
specifically like hunter just pointed
out okay you get the scene
let's move what what movie this is the
scene of that movie you will be my best
friend
hochi Ali would have been pissed yeah so
we just got here after like what a
six-hour delay I am falling asleep the
guys having a little bit of downtime I'm
gonna walk over to Guitar Center cuz I
need to get some pics for tomorrow this
road sucks for cabs the guy was like can
I get a cab and then Starbucks I'm
looking I can't get a click a cab here
and he's just laughed at me we're gonna
walk back horse by horse but horse but
horse sorry we just did a review for
that I'm gonna just let you take a look
at what that is and show the audience
what it is they're called pun they're
boots for dogs let's take a look at this
up close let me give you the specs here
are you seeing this
I most definitely have no idea where I
am I just I just I was like oh there's a
guitar Center I didn't look how far it
was
it's about 2.4 miles I'm getting my
exercise from being stuck on a plane all
day this is my fault I forgot pics how
could you go play a show without pix
correction I have one I have one yeah we
got a die remember that thing I always
tell you guys every time I move or go to
a new place I always try to like give
myself lost just to see if I can get
myself back home or back where I need to
be in this case not a good
yeah I probably should google map this
one tire scary s lion profile view of
the scariest lion back view of the
scariest lion that was a scary ass lion
god I wish you guys could've saw that
this is like the greatest fruit of all
time right here I just passed a crazy
lady with a bunch of cats then I saw a
dude smoking a pipe while wearing and
neckerchiefs you don't know what a
neckerchief is just google it and then I
saw a guy talking to himself all within
the span of like three or four houses oh
thank god that can actually give you
something really fun like you guys can
actually choose the bass that I play so
I don't know if you guys see any color
schemes that you like you can tell me in
the comments we'll narrow it down maybe
down the road do those strike your fancy
oh man I think I'm in love look at the
back look at the fretboard isn't that
gorgeous
you guys like this one what about this
one he's got the same sound neck on both
sides and it looks like my old one which
one you like better the black one or
this one we got this roast maple glossy
fretboard right we got the maple
fretboard fender Music Man we have a
preference
I didn't notice this BB King Johnny Cash
kiss
apparently kiss has three hands Toto
like Oh toes first ACDC oh my god the
cost of small Angus Angus Young this
hand is this is do comparative look at
that
does it get baby hands well I deem this
mission a success now I just gotta get
back without dying I'm sorry guys I'm
just being dramatic la is not that bad I
just think it's funnier how much is the
key in the window because it's a song
and they're literally dogs in the window
there's my cheesy joke for today another
scary ass lion boobs oh wow
I mean like this short quick clip praise
I'll say that fast yeah short quick clip
short quick foot short quick clip phrase
short quick clip short quick clip phrase
short quick clips right I can't do it
that's a tongue twister
no one has so this is the hotel and we
got to do do the infamous speed test
we're not gonna do the bed test because
Ali isn't here I feel like that would be
kind of that would ruin the tradition so
we're just gonna do a speed test holy
crap no it just dropped whoa wow this is
actually really fast Internet
oh yeah you're tiny I can hold you in my
hand that's pretty funny
Oh oh my god seriously but it's not tip
if she's seen this movie and then I
realize that it has not come out yet so
that's probably why she hasn't seen it
we're going to see a movie I just bought
candy it was four dollars oh my god you
made a beeline for that here's like
we're seeing guys
I'm gonna blog over you blog overlap so
yeah I bought candy and it was for Evan
dollars I was like are you joking me
right now are you joking my face this is
unbelievable that movie was friggin
amazing totally recommend that it's
extremely gruesome though so if you're
not good with violence probably don't
see it I think you're into you Charles
would hate that movie looking forward to
Charles coming home on Saturday I think
tomorrow we're gonna probably be doing
some more work down here for wedding
stuff so I'll take you on another trip
if we end up doing another register guys
today so this is Hollywood winding down
you can see a hope of people having a
lot of say apple juice you can see
people tripping and stuff like that so
it's actually kind of amusing
no one's getting hurt no one's getting
hurt actually I was just telling them
how like we were talking about people
watching when people like trip they
always try to look around and yeah
Travis he did it and then I did as I was
explaining it she saw it coming
and didn't tell me there's girls and
high notes that are walking out of the
bar they're not so they trip a lot rant
and watch sorry alright if I could drive
this big freaking car okay it's like the
biggest car I've ever driven in my life
I gotta put the guys down
much better anyway so yeah tomorrow is
the first first show that I'm gonna be
playing with these guys I'm pretty
excited it's gonna be a lot of fun I
would be lying if I said I wasn't
actually nervous you know what to be
completely on I don't think I'm nervous
I'm just really really anxious
I think it's so much fun and so yeah if
you guys can't just wish me
wish me luck in the comments that
that'll be really good motivation and I
also wanted to say thank you guys cuz I
was reading you know Google comments
Facebook on Twitter in comments here on
their videos and there's so much
positivity or coming from you guys and I
was nervous telling you guys because you
know it's a big change but Ali and I
feel like this is the right decision and
you know I'm so so happy that you know
you guys are gonna be a part of this not
stop in like I said the vlogs will can
they will continue I just think the
journey is gonna be so much more fun and
interesting to see where it takes us
because you guys are like family to us
and we get to bring you along before
YouTube this would not this would not
happen it's fascinating and so I just
want to say thank you guys from the
bottom of my heart and just just for
being so supportive yes rock you guys I
really have a good bet I go on our of
sleep what edit you would edit you right
now and then go to bed see you tomorrow
wish me luck in the comments hey guys
see what he did
where's the ESX
which all tripping
with drippy
don't forget so anymore
