wakey wakey wake up wake up what are you
guys confused you you lose date time and
then the the intro came and now look
it's dark
no big okay so what we're doing is I'm
totally momentum the vlog right now I'm
starting from the end actually it's not
starting from the end this is actually
happens in I'm confused so I wanted to
put this at the beginning the vlog
instead of the very end so I'm throwing
it at the beginning and then we'll just
go we have some really exciting news and
we wanted to tell you guys at the
beginning of the video as a lot of you
guys know we've been friends with the
band with the Kings for a very long time
I've known them forever before they were
really kings before they were even a
band I've known every one of them for a
very long time we grew up together
recently they approached me and asked me
if I would like to play bass for them if
I would like to fill in and take the
position of slapping the bass and
slapping the bass so ally and I we
talked about it for a very long time I
happily accept it as you guys know I
wanted to answer a lot of the questions
that you guys might be having the vlogs
will continue 100% 100% the CTFxC is not
going anywhere in fact this is going to
be so much more exciting more
interesting right it's kind of like it's
a new chapter these vlogs are a
documentation of our daily life we go
through changes in our lives and this
just sucks
like that's the next step yeah the next
chapter in our life freakin pretty
awesome that the vlogs are never going
down they're never giving up but they're
never gonna leave so they should put
their hands up yeah that was pretty good
that was pretty good the best part is
they are 100% supportive of what I do
here on YouTube and that means I will
not be stopping with the vlogs the vlogs
100% continue and it's just gonna be
like on the road and Ali will be at home
she'll be coming on the road
the dogs will be at home and I don't
know way that we should bring the dogs
onto her that would be kind of funny we
grew up together like I said and I went
off and did internet stuff and I met you
guys and they made a band right and now
we're coming together so we're just like
four minutes the crossover is so amazing
the best part of all is that like we'll
be able to actually meet you guys
firsthand on all the tour dates and I
hope you guys understand and I hope you
guys were excited as you know both of us
because it's it's an amazing adventure
and I'm so honored to you know do this
at this time of my life and not only get
to share it with some of my best friends
play music with some of my best friends
but I actually get to share with you
guys as well and take you guys along
with the journey so we just kind of
wanted to you know address some concerns
make sure you guys knew that come back
every single day here every single day
the the will be here the vlogs will
continue as usual I know it's a big
change and I know I know the internet
doesn't like change a lot but I really
truly hope you guys are really accepting
of this and understand why we're doing
this trust me we talked about it for a
very long time and we think this is the
right decision so I hope you guys like
it do you not a fan of we the kings make
sure to go check out all their albums
you got to be a fan now you got to come
to the shows and you got to high-five me
and you guys and you're gonna wear like
CTFxC shirts internet killed television
shirts and the audience got to represent
the internet guys so yeah yeah anything
like I'm just a huge fan girl I can't
believe that my husband is gonna be
playing bass what's weird again well my
future husband Mark you know my future
wife what the vlogs are getting
interesting huh months I should say yeah
60 days I believe yeah 60 days until our
wedding as well so it's like the end of
2011 I was like oh it'll wind down after
our summer travel as well but it's wide
enough so I guess we'll just like rewind
back to the rest of the day back Zoey
rewind us and us back go to sleep
we're gonna play a game guys in the
comments I want you to caption the
Marley same
what if I just took a huge chunk out of
your beer how do you get happier what if
I just seriously just took your eyebrow
I'll hold you do don't do that no
eyebrows don't grow back
yeah idea don't they know the eyebrows
and eyelashes like turn over take your
shirt off baby
oh excuse for the internet I'm trying
I'm trying oh god save the bug oh wait
the dogs is left what on earth are these
are they supposed that was that those
are supposed to be the new Power Rangers
seriously guys no those that will take a
butthole is this butter a Power Ranger
right there
what is wrong ah oh the cops coming
after you they're coming after you just
trying to be an ass whatever that has
got to be one of the most scariest
things in the world when you're driving
yeah the most scariest the most scariest
the scaredy mostest when you're driving
right and you didn't do anything wrong
like you're doing your blinker you have
your seatbelt on you're driving the
speed limit but a cop gets behind you
and just kind of just chills behind you
and then all of a sudden the lights go
on and they goes around you it's always
this thing he's always question yourself
but like what did I do wrong he's
turning to go back on the interstate now
that is pretty awesome right there two
dogs
oh those are dogs don't reverse that's
funny
there's a close-up yeah they are ears
with bones that's not really cool buddy
use your opposable thumb and write some
invitations we are on our way right now
to finish up the registry
my father excited for the wedding uh
charles is busy in rockstar training
right now he told me to just go ahead
and finish he's like you know what I
like you know what I like just just go
ahead and get what I like I was like
okay which means bring him rose printed
floral yeah beautiful Michele's
oh yeah no how about like what is that
what is that one store it's like Lilly
Pulitzer really great like oh yeah the
paisley print the super girly grandma
bags I'm gonna gonna get a couple of
those okay let's do this
let's go shopping but not actually get
anything now or spend money I'm dealt
with that yes yes so yeah guys like we
were saying at the beginning of the
video
ya know I'm gonna be filling in on base
for now with we the Kings so it's it's
extremely extremely exciting because you
know I've been friends with these guys
forever and so I'm actually heading over
to Travis and Danny's house right now to
practice a couple of the songs because I
guess we leave tomorrow morning and I'll
play my first show with them on Friday
out of so if you guys are I think it's
in LA so if you're going to LA show make
sure to say hi because it's really
because it'll be awesome to have like
CTFxC and then we the King fans merging
together and it's a it's extremely
exciting it's gonna be fun I think I
think the vlogs are gonna be awesome
it's really funny thinking about when I
started doing these daily videos right
well 2009 it was it was we started doing
these at the most perfect time ever I
mean Ali and I first met like a few
months before and you know she's like
one of the greatest things that's ever
happened to me and you know then I bet
you guys that have been almost all 500
million billion trillion of you guys all
over the world you guys have been one of
the greatest things that ever happened
to me it's cool to be able to
man every single day for like three
almost four years and see this
transition from you know a to B to C to
D to e f g h i j k l'm gonna be QRS TUV
W X Y & Z it's really amazing and I hope
you guys are as happy as Ali and I are
about this whole situation so yeah I'm
gonna go ahead over there now practice a
few of the songs and get ready for the
weekend so hopefully I'll see you guys
there Friday well I'll record I practice
hey guys okay so we're here this Travis
this is Travis's house currently because
he's having everything remodeled Oh what
is your bathroom working now the only
thing that they covered up with plastic
and this is the piano they know that I'm
a musician they covered up the piano the
Trump set was covered up the all the
guitars the amp everything was all
covered up and then literally they left
like TV so okay yeah we're just
practicing a couple things because we
leave tomorrow
obviously the cats out of the bag that's
actually a really disturbing metaphor
isn't anything like cats out of the bag
yeah what are you thinking that it was
like okay it's how the bag just
shredding up yeah thank you your house
would look like this
right
there is no
so uh surprise finally got the camera to
turn on I literally just sat in there
for ten minutes trying to turn the
freaking camera on and it didn't work
we missed quite a bit of what we were
registering for but it was hilarious
with that little gun thing it was so
much fun but we could not get it to turn
on so we kind of had to hurry because
the mall was closing and the camera
wasn't working so we apologize we
couldn't show everything it was
basically just me running around
grabbing random things in the store and
shooting them with my little laser gun
so that was pretty fun but we'll do it
again we have a couple more places to go
be listening to we became yeah right
here it's just pretty crazy how stuff
works out like Charles was friends with
them and I was friends with them for a
really long time like years ago and then
we met and now he's gonna be playing
with them so random it's not crazy how
life works out it's just nuts drew is a
good friend of ours who wish all the
best for him and we love them as a band
but we're very excited to be a part of
it now so it's gonna be an exciting next
couple of whatever is mine I don't know
what's going on we'll see you guys ready
you guys ready for this adventure it's
gonna it's gonna be interesting retired
yet nope she's like you just put it like
right in front of me that better you
know could you maybe not move it so much
weirdo crazy face whoa whoa tu tu tutitu
tu tu tu tu through the oxygen tired
what's wrong with you bored
weird to be in Sarasota though I just
actually found out that a girl who's
working here and knows the sister of one
of my bridesmaids that was a very
long-winded explanation of like six
degrees of separation you go back to
your hometown and everybody knows each
other that's true this lens is not as
wide as the other ones I'm like PE
little monsters where the duck is gonna
get you quack quack we're see if I can
do any help no you screwed up my animals
okay I used to be really good at this
okay see here so you're making this
really difficult kind of a duck but
don't forget to click like because
that's what ducks say you guys gonna be
good for mommy while I'm gone no pooping
or destroying anything okay I guess you
can pee on Miley's head if you want
that's weird
all right guys well I better get to
sleep I have to catch a plane in a
couple hours it's gonna be a busy day a
busy weekend I guess so it's gonna be
interesting so I say good night out see
you guys tomorrow
wait
via text
with y'all trippin
Cinthia
would be an ally don't forget
you
