Zoe did you miss me there's one she
keeps bringing over new toys right by my
feet
did you miss me Zoe your daughter lives
again dude and Marlee brought over one
bone they're like my shadows right now
hey Zoe
say here comes the intro yeah I know if
you would have said that it would have
been pretty amazing
it's really hard being the boss of
everybody you can tell me all your
problems while we're here you might as
well just start talking
Oh open the door hey open the door
hey yeah hey I'm a doctor
well trust me I'm a doctor oh let's
check your heartbeat ready check your
check our heart we take care of Oh why'd
she have to lick everything my shoe
either shoot either shoot either shoot
one oh come on Marty I gotta check your
heartbeat ready
let's check heartbeat poom poom-poom
poom poom-poom poom poom poom-poom Cup
you have a solid heart I think the thing
left a mark did I have a mark on my face
Oh
you're not making fun of me
I bet you just call this video welcome
patli goes pro pro pro pro pro pro pro
pro pro kleh all through that town all
right you guys ready to go shopping we
thought we'd take him shopping for once
but up yep I would like to have that
place thank you can't believe he almost
did that so embarrassing guys
Marlon make him open the door good job
she doesn't even hesitate she's like
yeah that'll open oh oh she hesitated
what do you think would that be good for
Marley would you tax people they're like
walk take the bed out just easier
bringing them shopping and let him pick
it out why is she whining well you like
that one better oh she wants that one
I'm just gonna let her go and see where
she goes yeah Marley where we gonna go
what are dyin cookie Oh for the tree he
was little I got left him here and they
clicked there quick I think she's just
mostly freaked out because there are so
many smells she's not used to cry
smelling the ferrets she's just going
crazy here
holy look at the catnip it's your
favorite thing ever oh we can seriously
go get your food you don't have to be
eating dog treats she's literally eating
dog treats right now what living in your
defense can I show them what you're
eating and you're her defense it looks
like a pretty awesome cookie there you
can have the rest
it's okay give me the dog cookies give
this to Marley you're cut off
oh well you try act all scared about it
so the long process of wedding invites
excited you what you've installed or and
basically you've hired your mom
installed yeah you've installed your mom
to do this this is when you know you've
been on like a computer way too long
with everything would you start saying
lol instead of actually laughing out
loud or like WTF instead of saying what
the sorry that was believed but you know
you know what I said so you have to do
that all by hand I think she's right
everyone a text message if you like the
best invite ever it's like oh hey
there's a wedding going on sure RSVP oh
we should have a flashmob bet wedding
that would be so good don't put that in
my head
Lauren you're a genius are you sure you
don't want my awesome handwriting for
this the one time writing like a four
year old actually helps have fun with
that so you've installed another person
all right I'm bored girls want to do
something fun we want to do I don't know
look how nice I ain't where's my car
where's Mike ah here's the guys oh there
it's hiding the gun nice I am I got
everyone dinner cuz they're busy doing
the invitations yeah guys oh wait did I
just hit the wrong button Oh everybody
got vlogging new what is wrong with me
ya know so I apologize today's been kind
of lazy day but obvious reasons super
tired actually I just found out that I
have to go to LA on Thursday through
Saturday so I thought I was going to
have some time off but I can't really
talk about it now I know it's like poof
what do you even bring it up it's it's
it's super it's super super super
amazing and Ali and I are so ecstatic
and hopefully I think in a day we'll be
able to tell you guys officially but I
get excited for that so I so I won't be
having to leave again but I think I was
gonna stay back this time because it's
just a quick trip that way the dogs
didn't freaked out but I'll talk about
it more tomorrow now that I put a little
teaser out there I know
just Charles you suck in the comments
but you know I figured I'd give you
something to look forward to because
it's always better right let's get this
food to them before they decide to rip
my face off sulking like she's not
getting attention and kitchen is going
want some lettuce this is the funniest
thing in the world get it try to let us
oh she's gonna go take it somewhere eat
this no that's the grass I don't like it
okay it looks like we discovered
something new with you guys no they
always spit it out what do they do what
Marlies doing right now
yes finish so it's okay it's okay
everyone go subscribe to dot F for
actually getting that on camera I was I
didn't have the camera rolling for Zoey
it's okay let's give you a treat come
here here you go ready you forgive me oh
yeah pretty sure you forgive me it was
an accident
oh she got it mine drive oh boy
someone's worked up
oh she's dropping them now yeah there it
is
did you catch a bit up you like smooth
I would love us more thank you and that
game is now over
so somebody from Israel I believe her
name was
Chen I apologize if I'm getting your
name wrong but apparently you know that
clip was always smiling that I uploaded
on the trippy Channel I guess it was a
couple weeks ago made into Israeli TV
honey
Zoe I wish I could read that somebody
translate the captions please oh wait
I'm an idiot that's probably what I'm
saying I just think that's idiot status
or tired status awesome when I get to
see clips from like you know like I
I never get that I never know when or if
people use our Clips like this and it's
just really cool to see that you know
you you guys the CTFxC is like
everywhere literally everywhere so cool
I get so happy when I see this so thank
you and if you find any other clips and
stuff like that on TV that in another
country that I didn't know please this I
reply Ally myself on Twitter what were
they saying were they like trans people
wheeler hat alright Internet it is time
to go to sleep I will see you tomorrow
and that's pretty much it
the secret phrase is boo so just type
boo in the comments and confuse people I
really have to go to bed guys I'm
standing to catch up on sleep so I'll
see you guys tomorrow good night awesome
looks like our sub box is still broken
so yes if you missed all these videos
while YouTube was being drunk somewhere
here's Friday Saturday and Sundays video
as well as Monday's video so you can
click right here open up in another
window and you can watch all the vlogs I
really really hope the subscription box
is fixed soon but I'm really really
proud that you guys always know to come
back to our page manually because you
know there's gonna be a video but if the
convenience of the sub box is still
broken you can click right here make
sure to check out all the videos you
missed and let's fingers cross again ah
it's gotta be one of these days alright
guys I will see you tomorrow
can I enjoy all the videos bye
