ah I have to react sport this is weird
okay the only times the export has ever
failed on this computer this is a new
computer the only time have been the two
days here so
the other seriously it's never failed
and the only time it's ever failed is
here so I know a lot of weird
coincidences cwienke Dinks if you will
that guy walking by oh boy don't know if
it was a guy the guy walking by just as
Jessie said the light just went out and
as I said do you see anything guys and
just as Allie said I feel like
something's right here that was not
planned
that was weird did you see it was like
two days ago at 11:20 but you guys think
it was it's gonna it was either the
perfect dog off my glasses it was either
the most perfectly accidentally time
thing of all time in video history like
Bigfoot or it was it was something else
so I don't know or it could be a
reflection from the camera I don't know
who's just I just loved how it was I
love it was really funny I'll be honest
guys Jesse and I were gonna play a prank
on you guys we were gonna we were gonna
fake something and I promise you we did
not do that that was all 100% just
accidental I can't believe it
which way so I actually hold on I'll
just tell you in a second hold on I got
to make sure we're in a super secret
quiet part of the airport
come on we got a scuttle legs or a burg
and you can go in the sky priority lane
and we didn't have to wait at all for
security so as I'm putting my stuff
which is really good cuz I'm trying to
export this as I'm walking so as I'm
putting my stuff away and just thinking
to myself how nice it it's my first
class out loud and front of all the
teams thing I would say Wow
fine first class is the bomb and then no
no in the world and then she her face
turned white so that's pretty that's our
story for the day so far what's yours
alright so we're at 22 percent we leave
in an hour
oh that's 30 oh my goodness five weeks
in a row at airports I'm about ready to
just I am really ready to go home and
just hang out at the dog park and dog
beach all day how though you might even
be so happy
fancy seeing you here Oh oh my god
you think now is this because they give
Donald Trump hair
we may get in trouble for that yeah by
copy written
you're hired on fire
all right guys we are working at 53%
archetype I'll get 2 hours and 13
members as 2 hours
the best seat in the entire
nobody behind so you actually don't have
to worry about the bad karma
is awesome
well it doesn't look like we're gonna be
uploaded before you get home they do a
dental in the women's restroom and this
lady trying to play the fart game the
treatment restroom it doesn't work as
well the entire room you go to play
parts on a plane and a claim if you do
it the rules of farts on the plane rule
number one you don't talk about farts on
the plane
and number two you don't talk about
farts on the plane and number three you
fart on the plane you don't fart
anywhere else let's go let's go let's go
excuse me ma'am excuse me move your
booty
this is why I love Tampa Airport look at
this
500 megabytes it's only gonna take seven
minutes with free Wi-Fi are you ready oh
gosh hi hey you wanna drive I'm kind of
tired you want to drive how about you
you you want to drive home sweet home
Oh Marley this is my spot this is my
spot guys right here it's mine right
here
home sweet home Oh Marley this is my
spot this is my spot guys right here
it's mine right here very happy you're
like I was trying to oust people I was
fiddling with the switch I still don't
ever know hey fish dude you're getting
fat did you mean enough do you eat the
other fish oh you know what I just
remembered
please please please please please oh
yes that's always the best you come home
and there's a can of coffee just waiting
for you Zoey you want to show what you
did while we're gone so you know her
bear yeah you bear what's it want to
show the Internet what you did here
wherever it is there it is okay so the
bear no longer has a face
Dennis actually sewed it back together
because she destroyed it so bad so
there you go you get to weigh your bear
capable if you destroyed that you had
that thing for like almost two weeks
what are you doing
oh I come around the corner and she's
like staring at me like can I go up
there can I please go up there oh come
here
give her the the death stare I think
she's bored with your death stare oh no
you're pushing her over with that stare
what is your problem you guys what are
they doing that was pretty cute oh I am
so sleepy it's good to be back in my my
was this the Italian flag corner I don't
even remember the last time I said
goodnight you guys from this chair was
it the day I like fell backward was it
like my birthday was the last time I
said goodnight from this fear so long
ago so I hope you guys had fun at ACL
that was my first time in Texas I know a
lot of people from dexters like Austin's
not really part of Texas I like Dawson I
thought it was really cool I guess I
should ask you guys what was the
favorite favorite thing that you guys
saw in the vlog for the past couple
weeks actually if you haven't seen the
vlogs I'll have a nice little menu like
I did yesterday
with the all the weekends videos that
didn't make it to the subscription box
it'll open up in another window so you
can check out all those so if you
haven't seen those because they're
stupid glitch wood chips by the way I
should fingers crossed that it's gonna
be fixed what was your favorite thing
from this weekend I know a lot of you
guys if I'm gonna say the creepy ghost
that wasn't what was 1120 in the video
ah was it I think was a Saturday's video
so creepy and keep looking at IKEA put
it on this this monitor and I didn't sue
parades D
and I'm like it's still so creepy it's
probably a person but it's still such
perfect timing Jesse saying something I
said something Ali said something not
even trying to do it all at the same
time BAM was weird this pookie and I
also want to give a huge huge thank you
to Google+ for bringing us out there and
letting us be a part if you guys don't
have a Google+ account they gave me a
couple more invites so if you like you
would like to have one of those the
video description below just sign up and
then you can follow Ali and I shall put
it in the video description so yeah if
you don't have a Google+ and you've been
always wanting one Google is actually
really happy they told me guys they were
really really stoked with the CTFxC was
so interested in Google+ and wanted it
so bad so hey Google likes you guys
that's good to know
someone's you know with the robot army
and Skynet takes over you guys you'll be
on the good side you guys will be on the
side of the robots is that good well you
won't be destroyed by robots so I guess
that's good as you can tell I am
rambling
that means I'm tired I'm gonna go to bed
guys I know short vlog is short a lot of
videos today you can check out the
little menu at the end of this you can
go to Ali's channel you debug how sister
Ali watched CT FX cinema which is about
a really funny movie that pertains to
the internet so make sure you go check
out that too so I'm gonna stop talking
I'm just gonna go to bed guys I'll see
you tomorrow and yeah everyone write in
the comments
fingers crossed the sub box works
tomorrow fingers crossed bye yeah looks
like yeah the sub box is still goofing
up for a lot of people so I thought I'd
put you know the weekends videos that
were kind of not making it to the sub
box right here on the screen so you can
check out Thursday Friday Saturday and
Sunday Sunday you can check them all out
just click right here should open up in
another window if you haven't checked
out these videos please please go watch
them there were a lot of cool stuff that
actually happened like the haunted the
haunted hotel and a lot of cool
backstage stuff so if you missed these I
apologize hopefully the subscription box
will be fixed soon I was told it would
be fixed by midnight on Monday so
hopefully it'll be fixed I don't know
check it out guys I will see you
tomorrow enjoy the videos oh and don't
forget to go check out Ali's CTFxC
cinema
on her Channel we did an old-school
movie is going to be really funny to
watch especially if you guys live on the
Internet like we do so okay yeah I'll
stop talking good night guys
check out all the videos for this past
weekend and as all keep our fingers
crossed everyone crossed their fingers
in the comments I don't know how you can
do that but just say fingers crossed in
comments that it fixed by
