let's go let's go to coats coats coats
go let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go let's go let's go if
you don't hurry up I'm gonna leave you
with the ghost
let's ghost ghost ghost ghost go so we
got more information more information on
this apparently this little girl died at
this hotel falling down the stairs and
it's on our floor so that's a bit creepy
okay wait I'm hearing laughter it's so
good freak me out man no these these are
the stairs right there so glad to be
leaving pretty soon there by myself
sweet you guys hear that it's like a
girl laughing
come on what you guys heard it right you
heard I'm not going crazy maybe it's
here oh look it's just a dancing baby
we've been walking by this for three
days we finally just stopped and now I
want to go swimming so bad it's like a
natural spring doesn't it I just want to
drink that water
oh what's this guy come on dude come on
dude oh yeah that was awesome last day
at ACL right if you want some soup with
that mushroom want some soup with that
mushroom eating Internet how many
mushrooms do you see internet so how
many mushrooms do you see
is there somebody really counting in the
audience right now or one of you guys
really counting
it's the only way to get power no I'm
not actually complaining huh
I start like an asshole though I'm
complaining about like awesome music I'm
not really complaining about that Wow
somebody screaming bloody murder and I'm
a family I'm walking around making sure
nobody's facebooking and the Google+
dance how was really read the new her
just screaming in that
yeah for the picture who are we gonna go
see
we gotta hurry
check it out there's like hammocks under
the stage for the artists in jail it's
pretty cool
you are you destroyed it honey did you
see that look did you see that look she
gave me that's like the death stare stop
computers give the Internet a death
stare
something mean
they mean be Mahina be mean debits file
ah
don't smile ah
you can't do it they mean drink hahaha
so actually really refreshing oh I can't
move it touching my skin no it's my safe
haven Jessie you oh you don't dare get
this wet you get that hair wet here
comes the rain again
don't mess with Lonnie's golf cart
Internet do you know what font this is
can you guess are you a fond nerd can
you figure it out
I know I just not gonna tell you if to
figure it out
oh they're all blurry okay so right now
Empire the Sun is setting out and just
do dance do a dance
oh yeah pole dancing you just meant to
really really really cool viewers
outside the Google area Sean and what
was the other guy's name Levi Sean Oliva
very cool very nice
hey what's up I was not brown this is
the man behind Google Blog there's a man
behind all the action
doesn't know he has been sit Google all
right if enters at the theater master
this is the inventor of the internet
guys
we're just waiting these set up right
now and they don't let you guys know
them only costumes and crazy dancers and
all that so we're not going to be on the
stage for this too busy we're going to
try and get somebody
visit the back of one of those
Jumbotrons exercises
it makes me miss being a dancer
they just have to lift that up for them
that's so funny and that's the end of
ACL time to go home do you want to plug
in your car oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy
so a lot of you guys have been like at
replying us and now Google+ and because
you guys got all those invites asking
where the vlog has been I promise you
guys we've been uploading the vlog every
single day we haven't missed a day the
subscription box is really really broken
as you can see it says we haven't
uploaded a video in two days but
obviously if you go to the channel let's
see it was just it's mosey on over to
the channel you could see there's new
videos right there
so yeah totally totally busted and so a
lot of you guys have been just coming to
the channel you guys know just come to
the channel it'll be up there we won't
we won't miss a day I really really hope
we don't knock on wood so at the end of
this vlog it's gonna be a little bit
different it's basically it'll have
yesterday's vlog and you know tomorrow's
mystery vlog and then it also has
Thursday and Friday so you can click on
them if you didn't get to watch those
please please please go watch them they
were so they were really fun days we
found out this place was like haunted so
we actually like went searching around
the place and then we a lot of stuff
you'll see it you could watch it there's
it's on it's on the Internet do you know
that it's online I filmed it I wanted to
give you guys heads up so when you see
the end of the vlog you're like what's
going on it's different the subscription
box is broken hopefully it'll be fixed
soon it was really funny I got an email
from YouTube saying that it should be
fixed in the next couple days
that was like three days ago so I'm
hoping by Monday we're just having a
little bit of downtown downtime right
now and then we're just gonna go back
out for one last night in Austin what
are you doing you're soaking your feet
why you soaking your feet so they're
tired
they are really tired you don't know
that video yeah but I don't understand
why it's hard I'll have an episode
finally misses what why is soaking him
when that just make oh my gosh I was
just transported back to a time when I
was younger and probably cooler you
remember the show Courage the Cowardly
Dog yes of course remember the episode
where he gets like really swollen paws
and the doctors know this Indian doctor
and is like just keep soaking it you
just said that like you keep doing that
okay so remember yesterday when we went
looking in that really mirrored like
place it was supposed to be like spooky
something really weird happened right so
somebody noticed something in one of the
mirrors and I just didn't show these
guys so I have to show you guys alright
so I think you go into yesterday's video
at around 11:00 17 like right around
here
at 11:20 little play is that play
what right now hey there it's coming now
what it was what it lit up yo whatever
that was and there was nobody on that
floor with us I was over this side I
think that's out of out the door right
there yeah
jesse was over here because he was like
he was like saying oh that light just
went out so he was on the other side you
know what yeah it was a person didn't
lit up like that it moved so sad isn't
that weird
oh go into yesterday's vlog guys go to
yesterday's vlog at around 11:00 17 to
11 22 something like that okay and tell
me come back here and tell me what you
think this vlog just got interesting
there you go you would have been in the
mirror already look there's Jesse he's
not even near it
oh man we gotta show Harrison this oh
okay I promise you guys I didn't do
anything to this I did not do a thing I
promise HD go check it out go watch it
about eleven eleven nineteen eleven
twenty or something like that up
yesterday's vlog go check it out okay
and if you pay attention to what I'm
actually saying to Jeana in this clip
you can hear me saying that this mirror
I can see something in that mirror
that's not reflecting anywhere else in
the room and I did I said can you see
anything guys just as I said that
right here and I was like ah all right
here's the super zoomed in version maybe
what No okay so this is this is on their
vlog at the exact same time
remember we've said the light went out
apparently it was the exact same time I
was like hey to go see anything see why
this is it I remember a jet you know
good well Gina gets to ally and that's
around the zach time you say I mean we
saw it in your video just went out dude
I literally the bed I literally said you
guys see anything light goes out what I
don't know if a light whenever I saw
some something I saw - yeah and that was
that listen for Jessie we're gonna
you're getting a kick out of this I know
get some more reasonable explanation is
yeah it's alright let's go on the street
with lots of people and not in an
abandoned place get it cuz cuz it's a
cow cuz it's a it's a cow get it oh
there's like nobody on the road in fact
they've actually opened the roads well
she's on the road she almost got hit
because it's funny I don't know why if
I'm the only one but it's so satisfying
when you do this
and then a game starts takes me back
good game good game good game I scored
two points one was cheating but the
other one bullshit
what is it look at you you little monkey
girl he's like hanging over swinging him
dancing for you guys already guys time
to go to bed we leave early in the
morning we get to go see Zoe and Marly
I'm really excited and it'll be nice to
be home for a while so we're gonna go to
bed guys make sure to go check out the
vlogs from the past couple of days
hopefully the subscription box hopefully
this video showed up in the subscription
box fingers crossed go check out those
videos and go check out you especially
yesterday's and see what you guys think
and let us know over here so alright
I'll see you guys tomorrow
good night and I hope you guys had fun
at ACL I I like showing you guys behind
the scenes stuff that normally I would
never get to do and you know a lot of
people don't get to do and I like to
share it with you guys I like to show
you guys and hope you guys had a lot of
fun over the past world like
Lollapalooza free fast ACL hope you guys
got your music festival yeah it's cool I
guess well we'll do it next year with
Bonnaroo and all the other fun stuff so
I guess we'll see you guys tomorrow
good night alright to make it a little
bit easier since the YouTube
subscription box has been basically
failing the last couple days like I was
mentioning here's the last couple videos
if you guys didn't get in your
subscription box
there's Thursday's video right there
there's Friday there's yesterday's which
was Saturday so lots of videos I hope
you guys go check all those out a lot of
fun stuff happen in every one of these
videos and it's a real bummer that the
subscription box has been giving some
problems but hopefully be fixed in the
next couple hours or day or soon
hopefully so yeah make sure you go check
it out we
miss a day they're all online so click
here go check out Thursday Friday and
Saturdays blog I'll see you guys
tomorrow we're heading home good night
guys
