hey guys good morning so we're fine okay
so we were finding more and more
information about this hotel and how
creepy and haunted it is and every time
you google it this seems to come up a
lot there's this photo right here oh
dude oh okay you gotta gonna watch their
vlog from yesterday okay so I don't even
want to tell you what happened you're
just gonna go have to watch it to them
in the elevator unless they're pranking
me which obviously I didn't get a read
about it I read people
that so when you look at it like weird
stuff would happen like they'll feel
like their heels were being lifted off
the ground
no I don't feel anything wait a minute
wait what's what's happening what's
happening me doing some hangouts over
here hanging out with Google hanging out
bah they care Google cares Google
curtains wanna be available
Google speed test we gonna ruin this
camera we just got it like two days ago
I think it's gonna rain just like
Lollapalooza
so I'm filming on a cannon and I met the
real-life Nana this is Ken he made this
camera right here yes I did with a
Taylor Baxter this is dr. Charles Trippy
Ali
Nick Taylor how's it going like it's a
giant mouse idle cursor thing your video
is noting
pretty crazy things so much goes into
you know like like setting with stage
things like that like every single time
this is a smaller one of the smaller
stages and there's still so much to like
it's a good giant like what is it
Connect remember Connect it's like a
giant like a golf cart on the road you
would think that they would like obey
the same rules and laws I have a car
what look at tiny train track senator
Jack behind the scenes of a tour I love
showing you guys stuff like this doorbot
I would love to live on one of those
just go touring around everywhere I
think we should do that
we're gonna try to do a Google booth
every single time like last time at love
was a what do you think guys that's
pretty good I just wanted to show you
this is what everyone's watching right
now okay and now we're gonna run to the
other thing yellow we were watching it
on the other side waiting over here to
see on this side
the Internet
okay you bet we teamed up I don't have a
flash that's really nice so we use it
one two three I got a good photo Najee
work it's all about right that's how you
how excited
reigns here
I think she might make it I don't know
yeah no I guess that's one way to get to
the front of the crowd I think oh look
at it nice and shining armor good guys
hey guys hold me up I want to go to the
front okay just hold me right here okay
oh wait who's this guy oh that's
actually one good way to get out of the
crowd really fast though
so Internet if you guys are ever in a
crowd at a concert just get somebody if
you're a girl
specifically just get something to put
you up and then making like like pushing
your front and then they'll take you out
this way look at your blushing
I respond sir
everyone's doing the zombie
so check it out this is like from the
day some people's artwork just drawing
on the tablecloth the paper tablecloth
that's pretty impressive right there
look the moon on the string is back it
is it goes
looks like a zombie movie zombie noises
very somber no horses no zombie no no I
said wait
alright so Jesse's doing too much
research and he's finding all the secret
rooms in there so we're gonna go explore
just don't tell him kind of Rochelle I
feel like this is like ghostbusters
where are you taking us oh they do
we're just gonna go park crash a party
what are you taking it like here this
isn't it
you get a little bit scared how are you
a little tiny bit scared and are not
referring you out it's Jesse's Jess he's
scaring you is that why I used one in 15
more minutes why are we doing this why
are we doing you guys were supposed to
call it ghostbusters Kevin the 80s
taught you anything
oh really
people we witnessed it what Internet's
room yeah uh-huh
we should talk to somebody she said yo
homie oh that's gorgeous that is a cool
room
so you're supposed to look into so you
look in do you guys see it
yeah I did it was were fucking these are
really gorgeous mirrors though see the
reflections yes get a little spooked out
where did the guy go he just like here
you go Photoshop a bunch of stuff this
is where actually the president stays
when he comes it's pretty cool yeah
let's go into the president's suite
that'd be sweet sweet right sweet
you got goose bumps the owner saw
something like dunk it sit down when I
came around a corner in that back meter
you'd think they would want to be on
YouTube do they want to be on myspace
video instead wait how did we get here
isn't it supposed to be locked
so you guys this should be a life lesson
when you want to do something alright
you don't think you're allowed all you
have to do is just ask just ask very
nicely usually people are pretty if you
ask people very nicely to do something
they're usually pretty accepting and
they let you if they open the doors and
they just let us kind of wander around
because we're definitely not supposed to
be it's pretty cool though what's that
we got the door we had to get out of the
room and the hotel go start to freak out
a little bit
go with lots and lots of people
have a disclaimer like do not we had to
come back here this this bartender so
nice but when it looks like Sonya Blade
the wall of combat Hallie's already made
friends with her
about a girl fire
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do I'm the
alternate tone for the copper
oh my god it's a mirror Pizza Hut
alright guys we should probably go to
bed I'll give a formal goodnight and a
couple seconds where do we get there oh
my god taking too long I see you Nakata
alright excuse me that that's a
stoplight that's a stoplight mam-mams
we're just obeying the law too
Internet make up a story for this
flip-flop why is it here it wires it
next to mine as I do this dance there we
go by myself
so weird don't mental right
don't mental it's all my head on my head
right so I was looking at the statue as
we were walking by and I thought it was
kind of messed up like this dude it's
kind of lost his leg get shot
what it's kind of creepy already guys
I'm gonna go to bed
if you didn't get your free Google Plus
invite video description below I will
see you guys tomorrow
good night I am in your face good night
worse yet sexy
with trippy
with dirty alley
