just get done packing just had two shots
of espresso Charles are you hyper oh hey
hi hello I didn't see you there
oh hey guys so I just got a good phone
call a really awesome phone call so
whenever I dropped off my camera cuz we
broke it at the Lollapalooza I just got
a phone call we get a new one so this is
what I'm telling you guys always get the
warranty might seem like kind of like oh
I don't leave the warranty I'm not gonna
break it you'll break it
especially for vlogging I broke these
cameras around like I don't you guys try
to do better account than I do but
anyway getting another one we're gonna
send this one off so this one though we
have two working cameras they won't be
all weird and stuff like that so I'm
pretty excited so we're gonna go with
that Wow I'm talking fast I know this
isn't the what the buck show oh my gosh
Buckley and I should have a competition
only if I have coffee though cheese do
you guys think possibly Gears of War 3
is coming out anytime soon I don't know
I don't really think so
now oh come on come on they better have
it they better have it if it's not in
stock I'm screwed
but there it is ah new camera oh and
there's nothing on the lens do you guys
feel brand new huh
I guess you okay now we're gonna hurry
because I always got a doctor's
appointment and that took longer than
usual
oh I gotta love that time-lapse yeah
though you got a real rough get it cuz
they're dogs
and they go rough and what does it look
like silly puns the past like three days
it's just in like dundun dundun
I think she's tired do you have a
boo-boo on your ear get laser to get the
laser laser beam we should see if we can
literally record the laser on your face
we're going to Sarasota how is getting
your ear lasered off again and then
tomorrow morning we leave for Texas for
a couple days Texas
beggin Texas you know I should have
bought a big belt buckle that's the only
way to get into Texas you know I get
passport to another country if they get
what you land in Texas and if you're not
wearing a big belt buckle they don't let
you in you have to go home get a big
belt buckle come back it's true sorry if
you didn't know that about Texas is true
get the belt buckle
maybe we can attach a purse to your
pants sir
sir you are out of wine sir I'm a little
hyper that espresso are you sleepy
you see what she's doing guys everyone's
yeah I caught you every once in a while
she'll start licking the metal tags or
dog tags I don't know what it is I think
she likes the way it is but yeah she'll
just go and she'll just do that for like
five minutes doesn't she
there you go there you go all you tumblr
fans give heaven come on dudes let's go
hang out for a little bit I know we're
gonna leave tomorrow I'm gonna miss you
guys what is she doing why do they love
this grass so much they seriously love
it both all of them eat it it is such a
nice day out it's just so awesome to be
outside on a day like this it's
beautifully clear sunny a little bit of
breeze she's nuts but Marley came over
here and laid down next to me and
started doing this kiddie camo kiddie
camo she really doesn't care good
kitchen back at the doctor to get my ear
lasered off again
the most boring elevator on the planet
only two floors and no music
god I hate the big doctor chair always
makes me so nervous I'm hating all the
syringes blurry so I just got my ear
blasted off again it really hurts
sitting really red that is an ant what
is that
isn't that one of those cow ants it like
makes noise I think that's one of those
ants that if you hit it if you smash it
it like uses these like channels in its
body to expel air and it sounds like
it's screaming probably don't want to
get bitten by one of those bad boys yeah
happen there are we do I see you're so
awesome my mom remembered her flip-flops
today I didn't fail they're doing
exfoliating my mom and she cannot stand
it you gonna cry you gonna cry cry a
little bit
cry a little bit
wanna raise biatch don't climb on the
biatch ever except then that was kind of
funny oh it feels so good to be reunited
with my nice camera cuz I've been stuck
using the other camera which you know
I'm not gonna insult it not gonna say
it's not nice but it is old and I
definitely used up walking with this one
so I'm very happy to be back be you mad
good had some sugar today guys can you
tell this is really pretty actually it's
dude compared to what Charles is like
when he drinks caffeine yeah probably
should stop drinking get your mom goes
to college oh wait I should totally do
this in slow motion the little globe day
you know it's really funny I used to
believe that when I was get like little
I could like get really fast I could run
and just go around the entire thing over
the special game you have that what does
it do
it's a gameboy color oh I need me
actually looks like that's we're really
getting kind of cheap i faint intent
though
all right the crucial moment trying to
find the perfect bulb you don't have to
get a ball she comes prepared oh I
should get this off my fingers don't fit
this is very important this is the
crucial moment guys if you don't pick
the first the perfect ball we don't get
the perfect ball your game is gonna suck
yeah all right like my fingers I could
fit into this thing three my god nothing
no no no what's going on this is the
president no okay lately I think we got
a winner
No
yeah oh my god you hear what it bounced
back up that's what I'm saying
you see that that's that's all we're
gonna play the guessing game so who will
win Ally myself Travis or faith okay
who's gonna win this tell us the
comments now a big old big old Alice I
think she might be a ringer because
she's got her own shoes and her own ball
so if you're smart you might want to go
with her to you
nice try wait you're beating me right
one pin trap dishes nice
Oh too bad you couldn't do that though
double strikes come here no no seriously
she's drinking a Cosmo at a bowling
alley see that's what you got to do at
something like this yeah I know I know
oh what's that right there
not too bad
all right so this is a little update I
I'm maybe in the lead now I have our
strike so they've just got a turkey mere
girl turkey she's got a turkey of Turkey
let's bail depending on what you get and
I think she just won gosh yeah she just
how do you feel I feel like the female I
didn't fall down the gunner really yeah
close as he chose faith you want no
we're just talking look at this first
score right there
she got zero and she still came back and
kicked her ass yeah good game again
so we asked them kindly to turn the
lights off and you all know like the
neon crazy stuff and they actually did
it it's like 8th grade all over again
look at that Turkey sir please I would
have to remove you from the lane why are
we drink it's red the Australian on
terrible currency Travis no hi ready for
bed no God well alright guys well we
have to go to bed we have to wake up in
like three hours and then we're going to
Texas for Austin City Limits so I will
see by the way secret phrase today is
Ali sucks at bowling Shh don't tell the
hotel Ali
that's the secret phrase Ali sucks at
bowling all right guys I have to end
this quick we have to have enough time
to export before we get on the plane so
I'll see all right I'll see you tomorrow
good night guys
worse yet sexy
giddy with trippy
