do you guys hear that out there it's
like that it's all the maintenance
people a lot more people remember I was
telling you every time every like
Tuesday every Tuesday night clockwork
they come and this is Marley every
city's hiding in the shower or she's
hiding like this most pathetic thing
you've got thumbs up for the most
pathetic thing in the world
Marley it's okay I don't want to deal
with the please
what are you doing twerp
so you've demanded it and we will comply
we are gonna do the doggie kam ocean
edition I'm actually really kind of
interested to see if it'll even work
what boot camp hero edition super flight
in space water time that's the new
segment so we leaving in Thursday and I
feel like Zoey and Marla are kind of
getting mad at us because like Alan was
like come here Zoey she's looked at her
and walked away then walked over to me I
was like okay Zoey's either getting
really really bad or she wants something
for me so we decided to let him go run
around do their doggy things like I have
their dog towels with a duck well he's
got a duck towel I know it's pretty
weird without you did you drop yams all
right let me see what I can do to get
back at them I'll put a little bar from
people's beds yeah Zoey definitely threw
up in my dad's bed which sucks how you
make a bridge like making it on my head
laughs leg on land is pretty random no
no I'm gonna look looking right there
pan over there so they can see so it's
not totally random so building a bridge
on land is pretty fascinating but what
happens would you like you know looks
like a Death Star construction building
a bridge in water like how do you get it
deep enough like to the bottom of the
ocean or that ocean a river or whatever
all right so I always put this GoPro on
Marlies like what is that giant red
thing over there
it's a giant pod this is gonna be
preparing Charles for a diaper for
babies all right Zoey little cyborg dog
get ready for the ride of your life
Internet wait
Zoey can go with a little camera whoa
dog interaction
race race race race race
I think Marley has it doesn't she yeah
more like I look at the little camera
bobbing up and down on Zoey I wouldn't
put it higher up on her head so it'll be
out of the water while she's swimming so
like so hilarious like a Betsy on her
back call this the sugar roll over there
we go oh my lord
and now is always full of powdered sugar
she looks like a cinnamon sugar pretzel
get her get her and there I follow my
god they're gonna go little girl
sharing is not caring so he does not
share with Marley she does not like it
at all they've been fighting each other
over this stick for the past ten minutes
recording okay you know what I do miss
about being up in places like we're like
Chicago for Lollapalooza on Maryland no
fire ants there are fire ants London is
beach or fire anthem on the beach
see okay it's a giant ashtray that's I
think Marley is a little confused
because this looks just like Zoey but
it's totally not sick wait what I'm
Farrah Palpatine Marley come to the dark
side of the force
the docks she's not even moving confuse
OE inside the park she really wants to
get off Marley's seen birds and she's
flipping out
that the tuning song it's a great song
nope but he's staring ahead Oh Burke
done you guys so he's very special
what's even though the tuning pegs
there's the Buccaneers stadium all the
monsters both time remember when we saw
the monster trucks over there oh wait we
got a phone call that's basically the
Bucs kick some butt I should just leave
it and see how many people are like what
does that kind of poop was so I wanted
to go to a Guitar Center cuz I wanted to
I was thinking about getting maybe a new
bass I've been really wanting one for
the longest time so we're gonna go check
it out
are you in bass heaven yeah I like this
color what color no I don't like the
color on this one the music Mondays and
just like freaking like I've wanted one
of these ever since I was like playing
babies this is like his um wanting my
caliber this is my cabin here
oh wow that is yours hop in the bed you
like it it doesn't feel so much better
see the thing is I've been playing it
I've been playing my Fender American
people my Fender American jazz bass for
like seven or eight years and I just
feel like like I should go for a change
you don't I mean what do you guys think
I don't like this color I should they
don't have it though that one's kind of
cool but it's not that what I want what
it should get the gold one what are you
guys saying oh you know what I'm Paul
McCartney
don't remember the words but I know how
to play it on the bass no I want
bottom
you mess me up we should totally start a
band north start a band
no no hey my dad plays these five
everything if everything is funny like
he likes this like thumb and then goes
like that makes this weird noise alright
yeah room just keep going keep going
keep going keep going keep you're good
you're good just keep going just keep
going keep going keep keep going you're
good don't worry about it oh oh you
almost start it right back up listening
to me so should we show them the family
portrait
this is anyone all right
so we went we got we spent a lot of
money and got the best photographer in
the world the what is that the best
photographer in the world is it really
anyway so yeah we got the best
photographer in the world and Ali and I
took a portrait and I'm gonna show it to
you guys now as we play out to the the
theme song so I will see you guys
tomorrow
good night I'm going to finish some
editing and then pass the f aroo out
what are you doing right there oh my god
you're turning your face is that what
you do you just like put stuff on it and
makes it all town you want to see
muscular yeah ready all this Aussie
muscular carry for this the gun show the
gun show
I've been watching depending on old
movies
oh here's that portrait I'll see you
guys tomorrow
good night
baby
giddy with trippy
with trippy
