and I say open house pretty cool okay
open yeah impressed yeah you're
impressed you know you're impressed
look at the the men's room thing is
heads like he's like I have to go to
bathroom where oh where are you playing
is that it no is that it
no is that it oh there's a grasshopper
on the plane well the good news is
there's no baby on the plane yet again
the plane
oh that's where he is too late to quit
see him over there he's on that plane I
think we tricked them finally the baby
so we have 15 minutes there's 15 minutes
to get completely on the other side
again oh hi miss Brent you can't there's
no carrier carry me party on planes
Oh which by the way I tested no no I
just might do and I did it in the plane
you know lady next to me went like this
she looked to my theory I think he's
been completely blown but it was when it
was quieter and playing so I don't know
speaking of which I remember that video
of a bunch of the comments some of the
names were farts on a plane and heart to
do us apart too deep heart for 20 like
better parts on a plane or fart to
depart I'm seriously having a bad case
of deja vu right now sweetles use it
defconn day job was that our plane right
there that the one we're taking poor we
both should I I dropped the camera with
the lens open it was like broken it's
like it's one thing she did I just
jammed I just jammed it and that's
working now hopefully our other one
that's gets here quick
yay home I gotta bump it Oh yep you
gotta bump it bump it see you next time
Oh what's up Ted
oh gosh hi guys
Marley come in my my oh no are you going
okay
crazies I just I'm really bad at
formatting things and Google Docs just
does not like me right now so I'm trying
to figure out how to make all the
numbers line up so I know the total
number of people oh if you make it to
your wedding you'll do good what is that
look Marley looks just what is that get
it Mike what is it she felt good though
get my get my say what Oh
she's stuck her nose right what's going
on I don't get it sorry come on
nope don't like it
Oh your electrifying my life you eating
electricity that's such a weird toy it
was like so big in the 80s all right
that's like the girl that had it she's
like they're fun for about ten minutes
yeah then you're bored with it's like
okay
that's why you get dogs and then they're
more fun again
never leave the peanut butter jar
unattended so internet you've always
wondered why Zoe Marley oh really
spastic
well we feed them electricity Oh see
what she did that because it's
electricity mother you bite it you guys
are caught being cute aha
caught on camera they're not just punks
all the time so remember all that hard
work cleaning the apartment so when we
come home we could just relax
tada cleaning apartment and we relax a
does smell delicious
up and she's got her toys already cuz of
all that electricity so I know today has
been a little bit stressful but I was
talking to my friends on the internet so
I'm Twitter and I told them that what
makes me laugh whenever I don't feel
good about myself or about anything
going on in my life is this is a tease
hair googling eighties hair and somebody
sent me this picture on Twitter and said
this is what they look at what is it why
that real it's real how could it not be
real you can't fake something like that
we recreate this
I hope internet if you recreate this you
will be my hero like that happened at
one point in in some part I imagine this
the United States of America okay but
somewhere in the world that happened
dude I don't even care about that look
at a kid no these are it's all about the
dad and then the ladies the ladies like
this and then the kids like oh my gosh I
can't look
look at these like this do you see the
mullet do you see the size of the mother
I didn't see the mullet I didn't
understand point out the mullet I didn't
see the moment in the photo really that
photo is just one giant mullet actually
hey guys what are you remix the remix
rally's doing the cinema club that's
gonna be after this video on her channel
right now so you can go check that out
after this but I've literally looked
like this for the past two and a half
hours just like I'm so exhausted
you're such a baby you're the one who
wanted me to carry you big blistered
that's actually you guys were asking why
Ali was walking around barefooted every
fast no I'm not going to show you guys
basically looks remember those pink
those pink rain boots
I guess she forgot socks like a turkey
and she got big blisters so she'd rather
know we're not showing the internet your
blister no this is what I'm gonna show
you though it's super adorable ready get
ready
I did kind of three collective all in
the comments ready one two that is a
collective ah right there you got your
bear and she's done too much electricity
you thinking to keep her up all day but
no so I don't know maybe this yeah you
can
what's the secret phrase for today big
baby head dude okay I will see you
tomorrow make sure to check out the
cinema club on Ali's channel and good
night it's good to be home for at least
two days and then we're off again
worse
giddy with child tripping
