I shall call him Goldmember every truck
that was chance
that's pretty okay good morning everyone
I should say good afternoon I had the
greatest greatest sleep of all time so I
totally just made a fool of myself and
thought that was Alicia I apologize
how's it going guys so we are in their
lovely home state and they're gonna show
us around or just hang out like probably
where the shining happened yeah we're
going to the Gold Club after so we're
gonna place called chaps here in
Baltimore apparently it's exquisite vbq
wash iron way Worchester Shire I think
you're saying it wrong again
Issachar right oh yeah we gotta go to
the adult yeah that's perfect
another place that he's been
you're gonna eat all that wait you guys
are matching G to the guy to notice what
work we're not matching
we're contrasting exactly quack quack
quack quack
he's getting pissed at the doo doo doo
here I know she going in
we got wet bleep I think you won this I
thought yeah definitely won yet
Rachel's totally soaking wet right now
yeah definitely won all right now go do
it fast mode go right through the end go
go
how's that water ice the wood wouldn't
right Jesse would oh it's really good
actually
the megashark sub there's a thing we're
gonna get that fixed don't worry guys
and a pirate ship an appropriate gummy
worm and let's go let's go check out the
onesies then appropriate ones
oh my gosh seriously my weak link
jellybeans you know like the worst thing
in the world it's like when you just
like to stick your hand into a thing of
jellybeans and did you see them and
there's that one black licorice one or
the one that was popcorn flavor that
would ruin the entire batch that's a
big-ass anchor okay
oh that's cool-looking oh there's the
moon somebody's having some fun behind
me I'll wear my sunglasses at night so I
can learn never to booter what that's
how hard it is what are you eating
oh you face food Apollo Apollo 13 just
gotta wait no that's gross
all right you can do it
no looker what this is a weird
background it looks fake so we're
totally green screening this guy's okay
you can do it no you missed it right
here
Oh last chance oh no no it's like right
here
pretty serious no cheated very delicious
today has been a little bit of a hectic
kind of day we got to hang out with
Damian and Alicia and they came and
picked us up so that was nice cuz you're
kind of in the middle of dfv so again
you know the funniest thing about Damian
like his videos
he's so crazy but in real life he's so
calm ever since I've known if he's the
Comus like most quiet person we didn't
really say much about this earlier just
because you know it's a it is a touchy
subject today was the ten year
anniversary of September 11th and you
know we didn't want to talk about it all
day or a lot because it is a very
difficult thing for many people it was a
very serious time in the history of
America for many people don't crazy it's
been yeah and years spent ten years like
I remember being in tenth grade ninth or
10th grade and watching that in history
class and just being completely mind
blown yeah I mean we're glad that we've
been able to move past it sort of as a
country but I mean some of those
memories I mean that it's just it's
incredibly painful for so many people
and it was really it was a difficult
time so you know it's kind of hard to
talk about it's kind of hard to remember
for a lot of people but we just wanted
to say you know our heart goes out to
all of those people who lost loved ones
and friends and you know it was it was a
disaster it was terrible and you just
got to remember to make every day count
you never know what's gonna happen and
you just you know be safe tell your
friends and family you love them
everyday and you know just I I feel like
I'm being so cheesy but you just you
really do have to appreciate it what you
have the little time that you have with
the people who you love because you just
never know and it's so unfortunate when
lives are taken
you know unnecessarily and unexpectedly
and so you know our heart really does go
out truly to you we hope that today
wasn't too tough that's all
already internet we are going to go to
bed we have what time's our flight 12:10
Oh
twelve so we get to kill Eve she has no
idea we're gonna just get there maybe
but we get to see Zoe and Marly they've
been freaking out actually I should show
you okay let me get my phone really good
your this place I got to show you this
clip of Zoe and Marly just being
complete goofballs so this is Marly
being a weirdo in the grass typical
Marly and this is Zoe with a plastic
empty water bottle doing pretty crazy so
I can't wait to see those little guys a
little twerps I get some sleep guys
maybe watch a movie then just pass out
and then yeah we could see Zoe Marly and
then we're home for like two or three
days and then we leave again then we're
home for a while I think then we're home
for a little bit so that should be good
nice relaxing time down time traveling
is a lot of fun you know get to see meet
new people and stuff like that but it
just takes a lot out of you you don't I
mean so it'll be nice to just be able to
relax and basically catch up on all the
work I have to do I still gonna edit
space cat I still gotta go get around to
doing that so since we were talking
about love and telling the person that
you love that you love them while you
have the chance I thought it'd be kind
of a a good good way to share the love
on the CTFxC so instead of like a secret
phrase or secret password or something
let's just do something fun kind of like
like sharing the love like I say so in
the comments just write something about
the person below you your comment just
like the person below me is beautiful
the person below II is artistic you know
fun stuff like that but keep it positive
let's keep it positive alright guys well
I'm gonna go to bed I'll see you
tomorrow
good night
worse yet
giddy with trippy
