hey I'm Anthony I'm at free fest jamming
with CTFxC it's pretty good way okay cue
intro
so yeah that's a pretty fun way to start
free fest yeah we are at free fact what
bands are you excited to see you want to
go do you want to go see Dublin okay you
guys remember last time at least all
deadmau5 remember that do you guys see
the yellowjacket following Ally's head
it's cuz you're wearing yellow that
driver sure knows his routes
ha ha you see what he did there cuz it's
a tree and a car you're so funny
I'm gonna leave so at first glance you
see a rooster transformer but then on
closer inspection I'm gonna ruin your
photo really quick ok somebody
apparently farted on this
Stowe don't move my freezer just wasted
burn a flag be your flag what do you do
on that straw be
you
so we finally got the beard but that is
I have no shoes on so so we were just
talking like out of everyone here in
Burton we can take everyone's net income
here at virgin free fest and he would
have more money than everyone combined
that he's the nicest guy ever he was so
nice he's the beer taking book who's
taken like 200 photos just because that
is so cool
no they're uh though there's some sweet
shoes there get some sweet kids oh those
are all those are the new back of the
future so we got a little tip that
Branson is gonna be guest Bart he's
gonna like randomly show up at this bar
and just start serving everybody alcohol
and nobody knows we know we all know but
nobody else knows the reactions
hopefully people freak out hopefully
some people it should be interesting
hopefully people don't just go oh look
at his hair he's got an awesome hair he
started that thing search of what did
this guy do
so this is Michelle look what she made
up right there she was walking by them
like that she looks really familiar
chanting for all the DJ's play oh I
would imagine because there's a crazy
monster again there
painted thank you I know it's really
kind of funny cuz all the other states
like like the rock bands and here all
the DJ's so everyone's got glow sticks
and they're painted their face it's
kinda funny but the Empire the sun's
playing like in half an hour so we
should try to get there we just got like
uh you just got these gold passes so
we're gonna actually get on the stage
this time which I'm pretty stoked for
we're
is that drunk right there you're like a
friggin hippie
we don't need you
I could totally do that I just I just
don't want it right now all right so we
just ran into Langston right and you
just made these babies last night look
at it it's so crazy man thank you so
much
looking good good job man so it adds the
music
that's really cool
I want to get the base track upon that
person
so we're here with Spencer from Sparrow
oh yeah we actually just discussed
yesterday that he enjoyed the light at
the conference from his homeland of New
Britain Jemaine are fans of Britain
Britt the Brit actually are they is big
over there as they are over here the
funny thing about flight of the
conchords was that that they pitched to
a New Zealand Network and they would
tell ya know yeah yeah
and then they fix the HBO on HBO I
actually remember reading that yeah and
now you know but you got it going to
tell you what you lookin okay make some
mother you want some food I guess that's
the style of eating they just dumped the
food on the table and that's it and then
did just eat it weird
line ride for the women's restaurant God
wait this is not where you're supposed
to be so close
Oh internet translate this is it
actually correct
wait her campus right okay
let us know and so it's getting a little
bit dark now right now we're heading
over to Empire of the Sun and we walked
into the backstage area and Halle is so
oblivious every time we walk
I was like wait out isn't that the
deadmau5 - Mickey Mouse - the guy who
does the ears it doesn't electronica
music in the dubstep - no they lost some
stuff that she was always crazy from
just crazy about she officially got to
fist bump with it Mouse your life is
complete feel like a dirty little hippie
it's good lighting over here at least
this is awesome this episode a geek fest
a town
you gotta raise the Kurds for deadmau5
if the mystery is the house to be a
person we will never know unless I pan
over which I will do now but there's
something there
hi everyone
so since Ally is misplaced her shoes way
type and on your feet
yeah look at those I'm having to Bob so
tired
nobody deal
I don't need my back or anything like so
it is official Ali went the entire
Virgin Mobile freeze fest
so it knows this okay those are the feet
let me see the bottom of the feet Ali is
down okay everyone the secret phrase the
secret phrase for today is Ali is a
little hippie Ali's a little dirty
hippie that's the secret phrase for
today Ali's a little dirty hippie
already guys I know
there we go the dirty little hippie oh
let me see your feet clean free press
was pretty fun you have fun who was your
favorite band favorite dead mouse
I thought Empire of the Sun actually did
they if you have you're not familiar
with this band I've never seen live and
they did extension there are
orchestration of their show and like
their performance it was so good it was
so good tutti like perfect they cross
those teas they dotted those eyes they
they crossed those J's may dotted those
lowercase J's or they so we are here for
one more day I believe and then we fly
back home for a few days and then back
to Texas so I'm exhausted guys I
apparently I fell asleep on on the the
school bus
si
and then Ali kind of took a photo and
apparently posted on my Twitter um so
thank you darling for that yeah I guess
that's paybacks so I guess I'll see you
guys tomorrow don't forget to call Ali
and dirty little hippie at the comments
and like and do all this fun stuff from
the video I'll see you guys tomorrow
hope you guys enjoyed it and good night
get some sleep
yes
giddy with child tripping
don't forget
you
