be good don't destroy anything you shake
on it shake on it shake on it oh you
okay you shook on it it's binding bump
bump bump bump bump yeah like that it
comes just open doors pretty amazing
right I have no idea what that see where
Ted is up there's Ted I see him
what's up Ted
he says puffing around okay
demonic giraffe this is what I love this
Airport it's never really that busy and
like everyone here works here is like so
super nice like quiet it is I'm so hyper
I know I slept like 30 minutes yeah yeah
it's sad that grim dance alleys not have
been moving on this one 8 the shoes
match your bag you did that on purpose
hey look at my shoes match my pants I do
that on purpose
look it's John Malkovich sort of
everywhere
yeah look at the iPad
yeah extended tray table we okay we have
less than 20 minutes to make our
connecting we're in North Carolina right
now or Charlotte right North Carolina
and it's like the biggest airport okay
one thing I don't like about this
Airport is that they have bathroom
attendants the ones that you have to tip
just to hand you a paper towel it's like
the most important it's like it's it's
cool
but I feel something awkward dude I can
totally get this I don't need to what do
they stood in the bathroom stall with
the only appeal think if they just sit
behind you this way they'd never like a
unit no the worst is like when you're
the only one in the whole time and
entire bathroom and they're just like
waiting for you
so you either a you go bathroom really
quick or you fake it what guys you know
what about you guys fake peeing all the
time dudes come on seriously you know
you think sometimes no you don't
actually pee you just feel like up I'm
done wait where do we go though you
flush it you flush the urinal first guys
are smart and smart it's the worst like
no they get through the entire row of
your nose too and you go to the very end
and then instead of somebody go on the
opposite end they go right next to you
that's when you fake it too
to laugh
rip
yeah I think your following me
everywhere hey honey I have a new
favorite game to plan an airplane now I
want to know what it is all right you
try this guy's my new favorite game is
trying to fart on an airplane loud
enough if somebody else can hear I
guarantee it cannot be done it can that
be done you couldn't do it I am putting
that out there
what wall is in flight well the engines
are going I guarantee a guarantee
internet you will not be able to do it
at least for he's stylin look at that
guy yeah try that game I guarantee no
one will know my theory and my theory is
correct see if you can prove me wrong
try it this is what happens guys when I
have 30 minutes of sleep that's a phone
so so so how do I get on the internet
which which is the Internet button
stripping you out the Internet is
officially 13f inches three nine three
water got a pen over here here's so
easily interchanged that's good it's
good to stay like that I used to do this
I seriously what my dad would like ask
me for help
I would just seriously do this and make
as long as I possibly can and just do
that but I'll try to get cut isn't that
weird
needless to say my dad didn't ask me for
help very much with tools whoa this
elevator has a lot of gold
pretty nice golf though sand traps are
beaches there for water before further
ado alley bed test this time because
it's perfectly placed you have to do it
from here we're gonna up the ante people
are saying that you're getting too
comfortable with your bed test and then
you have to push yourself a little bit
more maybe do it like a barrel roll
maybe a somersault do a barrel everyone
okay if everyone double cab Z that
she'll do a bear barrel roll wait you
can get on the roof then you'll fall
through the roof no I don't know if our
insurance covers that I'm gonna double
tap Z no no no Co can't even she's cut
off
she is cut off Pepsi that was not a
barrel roll that is a somersault lady
that is I think you are confused how is
it pretty comfortable yeah yeah the
villain oh oh way to go Ally they're
already calling
they already found out what we were
doing and we have to leave come on I
said we're kicked out you got us kicked
out we have to leave yeah you got us
kicked out they said we have to leave
Maryland and Washington DC we're not
allowed in no we're not allowed in no he
said no he called he just called speed
test I think oh it's it's dropping it's
all you know that's gonna take a while
okay yeah okay
it'll work you will still have vlogs
like a vintage Ali looks do we have to
cut you off again there will always be
something that makes me still an idiot
so can you open it use a man's strength
now I disabled careful Christine I'm
sorry watch out bambam yourself this
could get really really awesome no no
but I'm you weak I'm just I'm just
demonstrating my manly powers I hope
that goes all over your face
and I get the first sip that's the best
put out your thumb don't look
leaving it on I'm like Zoey just rub it
on things by the way what the heck is my
lies do this
what is this is a girl thing no it's
just it's because when I was doing my
makeup I put you it or not and I forgot
I was a girl thing so I didn't want just
in case I need your address so this
informative vlog ladies you found out
that guys fake peeing because they have
stage fright and men I'm still trying to
get us off men
you learned that ladies are very strange
with deodorant or legitimately getting
on a school bus this is this is pretty
awesome I haven't no I I think in
seventh grade baby
so how old was I don't you want to do
that you guys do the math you can figure
that out it's so we all do and it's not
air-conditioned this is this is hardcore
this is what we this is what I wrote
this is what I wrote right here all
right
back or front which one do you want this
is weird
isn't it in the back he's always getting
trouble I used to get pink slips I was a
bad kid never do what I did and there's
oak yep so there's only room for two
people in the back just like the old
school you can do it my boobs are dying
they're dead
I'm bored I'm like what what trust me
guys like give two years this will be
fun again I promise you sat behind me on
a school bus I would actually pay
attention
and you really what what what what okay
so apparently this is where the
dude this don't feel like you can fire
shot
this is like the cash box it's all blue
and everything seriously giving a cabin
like DC is like hard is well oh my god a
segue I do it on a Segway you see that's
a cop all right so we're trying to do is
we're trying to get to this campus we
the kings i we just found out they're
here
travis has called me and we're gonna go
over there right now we got one two
today okay yeah you got one for security
yes sir let's cool it up like a high
school dude this is like seriously
throwback for me right now like early
college high school gym school bus
wait now he's gotta go play
but now we get to do what we've always
wanted to do if we did this we would
have pink slips
thanks tension bus driver want to yell
then she will sit down in the back of
the bus you know what's really funny to
just notice this the lights are on
wherever that light so under here that's
pilots on the body
I think we're gonna allow it I think
we'll allow it I wonder if it could go
through a drive-thru at a faster maybe
with a Magic School Bus maybe like forty
two orders 21 21 alright guys well is
what is with me with switches how about
how do I alleys trying to find some
water this place is kind of weird like
it has no like traditional vending
machines so we're gonna like do member I
was telling you a guys and then you melt
it and then you have water see anyway so
yeah it was pretty random right I need
to get some sleep because tomorrow is
gonna be a long freaking day
I've almost with home yeah I'm closing
in on 48 hours being up so I'm kind of
losing my mind and yours I was thinking
about it I haven't given you guys like a
secret phrase or a secret word that you
guys could type in the comments and you
know what I thought about it and you
guys liked it the way I said Barrio so I
feel like today is going to be barrio so
in the comments however you are the most
creative way think the most creative way
in the comments to write barrio her
neighbor's gonna get really mad he's
actually just there by oh and don't
forget to check out the CT FX cinema
video that we uploaded on Ali's channel
youtube.com slash Ali I'll put an
annotation after I'm done talking cuz
remember guys it's like a really fun
like you know good way to get exposure
we've actually found some really really
really funny other CTF X tears that have
been doing video responses so yeah make
sure to check out the cinema club I'm
gonna go to bed guys I'm losing it oh
I'm not gonna say good night tonight
tonight a random stranger on DC Tim and
I were sticking our heads out there out
the window of the bus and I asked him to
say good night to you so lady on the
side of the street in Washington DC or I
want to am gonna leave it up to you hey
you want to say good night to the
Internet say good night CTFxC
she's take the night so we see you
tomorrow bye thank you
worse yet
with trippy
