hey Ally you work with the internet I
can't remember where I put up huh
wait hey what they're in the microwave
what are you guys doing there that's
very strange of you to be in our
microwave why why are you there Internet
you're so weird
my me don't ignore me
Marley Marley Joe don't ignore me lay
where you were and be adorable like you
just were there we go I am adorable
okay I'm gonna look past the fact that
you were in our microwave and move on
anyway good morning Ali's getting some
merch taken care of I got the vlogs all
uploaded in the cinema club all uploaded
we get I was just gonna take credit for
cleaning the the living room but I have
to give credit to our little nibbler
robot but I did do the dishes we leave
tomorrow early for Washington DC for a
few days and we wanted that like because
always it's the worst feeling in the
world when you come home from a long
trip and you just want to like go into
your house and just lay on the couch and
or lay on the floor just relax but it's
like the worst feeling in the world when
you come home and everything's a mess
just like you left it it's not like some
trolls just came in and had a party in
your house but as you left it like that
so we're gonna have a new rule where we
just clean up the house before we leave
so we can relax when we come home so I'm
on I'm on bathroom bathroom detail and
living room detail you want to help sure
you do of course you want to help of
course you want to do extra chores I
don't know we got to really take this
thing has been here since Melissa has
been here the reason why we haven't died
beef lated that is because when I'm
editing and I get super tired I just
like lay down at the dogs lay down Aly
lays down in between my packing Marissa
it's a perfect little bed we need to
have like a miniature air mattress
that'd be pretty fun
sup dude ah yes cleaning time Zoe yeah
sounds fun that's my mustache oh oh you
guys want to play an interactive game
asou an interactive game on them okay
let's do what could we do that's
interactive that we can do on here
tic-tac-toe it might be too many the
algorithm might be too but it'd be like
150 okay with was this do a guessing
game was just doing what number am I
thinking in my head right now
yeah I'm gonna write it on here okay
let's see you one two three Oh graces
four
Zoe's wants to play too you heard it
didn't you
all right Internet click on the number
that you think I'm thinking about right
now right now what number am I thinking
about it'll take you to another video
and then it'll if you get it wrong you
it will take you right back here so okay
we got one two three four or five if you
want to play that's fine fine we don't
want you to play we should totally play
everyone should play okay you guys
click otherwise we're gonna move on one
two three four five they're not done
okay so now that I've procrastinated
enough I guess I should start cleaning
right ever since I was little I would
always like fun I would always like my
imagination would go wild and I would
never get any work done and I used to
like spend like my mom would be like huh
get your chores done we can go you know
out the e or if you get your chores done
you can go play with a friend I'd
needless to say I spend a lot of time
doing my chores and then my brain would
run them you know run away with myself
so all right well I'm gonna I'm gonna
finish this and then hopefully we can
get to the beach before it rains but
apparently it it's forecasted turning to
those of you actually played I did you
like that I kind of was think of some
more interactive games we can play here
like if you have an interactive ideas
let me know in the comments and maybe
we'll play them on the vlogs because I
actually kind of like doing it it makes
it a little bit different you only mean
I want to see you useless talent can you
take a foot blade of grass and you just
like hold it and you just blow on it
now you see I do a lot better
Charles is useless talents I think I'm
freaking out Marley a little bit Marley
it's okay come here
it's just grass my mind you gonna miss
me tomorrow
yeah no as long as you have stuff to
roll in get all dirty those bugs are
doing it it's a bit - spider went after
Charles foot Charles got super pissed
and almost stomped on him then he
thought that would be mean so he let him
run now that's a bit spider can go
terrorize someone again
it's probably in your bed right now I'm
just kidding he's he's on your shoulder
right now hey buddy you got you got
something falling yeah you might want to
take care of that hey that's for rolling
in the mud please don't do it I didn't
roll in the mud all right I gotta go to
the store I'll be right back Ally's in
charge so since tomorrow is free oh I
got to turn the car so tomorrow's free
will go into Washington Saturday's free
fest by the way if you guys are going to
free Fest try to find us we will try to
tweet as much as possible so make sure
you're following us Ali and myself on
Twitter so what I was going to say was
since I ruined my pants and all my
shirts last time and apparently it's
raining really really apparently it's
raining cats and dogs which by the way
internet what the heck does that mean
raining cats and dogs I remember I
remember distinctly I was I think she
got me out of preschool daycare right I
don't know what's wrong went back to
something bug bit me oh maybe I got a
spider but I remember my mom getting me
in the car she goes oh I'm sorry Charlie
I was late it's been raining cats and
dogs out there I was like what until I
was older I was like what why is this
guy raining cats and dogs I just totally
went off on a tangent right there didn't
I so what I was going to say was I'm
just gonna get a bunch of cheap t-shirts
so that way I don't ruin anything
where my keys okay good all right let's
do this
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee don't
fight it resistant resist all right
don't judge me you guys know I never
sleep enjoy I wonder why
you got your big giant bear so since
we're traveling a lot everyone's always
asking you know like how do we pack like
what are the things that we always pack
always bring as you can see Ali pretty
much brings her yeah everything pretty
much your entire wardrobe all these
shoes will somehow come with us all
these shirts will somehow come with us
and Zoey brings her toys and I'm gonna
show you how a real man packs so first
to bring a camera I mean that's obvious
and then you know you bring us t-shirt
you bring a clump like a crumpled
t-shirt it doesn't matter if it's
cleaner doesn't matter if it's clean or
dirty
I'm usually gonna wear the same shirt
that you're always wearing that you know
that you're traveling with you bring a
computer because you have to make videos
usually wear the same pants over and
over and over again you bring a pair of
boxers and one sock because honestly two
socks overkill you don't I mean you
bring you bring an egg why an egg
Charles well I'll tell you poteen you
always need protein you bring some 3d
glasses because you never know when you
go through you know 3d movie they're all
over the place and a helicopter began
because you know you never know so this
is this is what a real man packs I
thought I'd answer that for you all
right we gotta get a doggy travel bag
we're gonna go down stop I'm gonna get
doggy travel bag which is also a garbage
bag because somebody decided to chew it
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna really name
names who decided to choose to chew
their doggie bag yeah I don't know who
Marley Marley this is a sad sight zero
doggies in the bed there with my parents
so we're ending the vlog today sorry
that I haven't been very present I was
really really busy with merge everything
oh my god
no more coffee for Charles
oh I love you ready sighs my life is
torture no so as I was saying I think
Charles has had a little too much coffee
oh my god
oh my god Zoe run away while you still
can
say good night to the Internet good
night guys we'll see you tomorrow night
everyone
worse
Trippi
