Charles I think it's gonna explode in a
moment yes I've already done this before
look it's a perfect bicycle kick
hi get it Marley as you can probably
imagine it's been raining oh all
actually last night there was a
lightning member went up before I went
to bed it was lightning all over the
place in the middle of the night with
how Hurley was it like before a.m. it
went barmy like seriously an ally and I
both jumped and went BAM and we just
completely jumped out of bed it was so
scary look at these lazy lazy girls
she's like no you got he's filming he's
calling us lazy gotta wake up look at
you you have your squirrel and
everything this is something random I
want to ask you guys have you ever
experienced what I like to call the
iTunes
Time Warp basically what it is is when
you are too lazy like myself when
selecting a song you don't know what you
want to listen to you just hit shuffle
and then all of a sudden it hits a song
right it just hits a song and just like
time warps you like backing time to a
previous time in your life the only
times that I just did time two more
times that just actually just happened
to me right now which is automatically
planted song called ambulance first
ambulance by the Blood Brothers and it
just like time worked me but like 6
years ago when I used to be a
projectionists at a movie theater and I
used to crank it just before every movie
I would like crank it up in the
projection booth like run to every
little like projector and thread all the
movies it's like a cheap way to go back
in time I thought it was like crazy I
was like it can't be the only one that
this happens to now we just have a name
for it I guess I don't know there's a
random thing I just want to ask you guys
and see if you experience it like
seriously you guys like I was saying the
key the teleportation is I'm kidding
guys I'm not gonna do that again
for the second time in a row okay now
seriously I promise you yesterday a
secret and today I'm going to tell it to
you the secret to teleportation is
actually really simple it's very simple
and pretty much everyone has it in their
household so the secret to teleportation
is okay we're not going to cut that I
actually I actually have to tell you my
secret now awesome
the secret to teleportation is their
microwave I told you you didn't see that
coming did you you didn't you don't
believe me do you you don't believe Ali
they don't believe me that the secret to
teleportation is the microwave see
everyone knows it that's how Ali came
back from New York City
there was the microwave seriously you
don't believe me all right watch this
all right what year out what year good
night
oh why is it starting oh my god it's
starting we got to stop it Oh see I
don't know how to use my time machine
that could have been dangerous see
everyone thinks time cook is actually
cooking no it's not not in this time
machine okay we're going to 1969 all
right guys good luck yeah I think it's a
CTFxC there okay so yeah go chase make
sure the dogs for you make sure
Malachi's on here um guess the secret to
time traveling is still just a little
bit buggy but we'll fix it we'll fix it
maybe the next time we do this it'll
actually work okay
please don't try that at home kids
please please be safe well since the
rain stopped I figured be a good time to
kind of finish some errands I have to
mail a bunch of stuff because we leave
really Friday
I guess wait is this my turn I'm going
oh boy this is an end
where the heck am i how do I always get
myself lost you're only good with
directions when alleys in the car
the second that I'm in the car by myself
wait let's go this way I I immediately
get myself lost you also is GPS never I
saw yeah screw me up again I think we're
on track you just got to get to that
stupid little red pin I totally want to
do like an Ace Ventura pet detective
right now with this box all right let's
call Ali maybe is it working
oh nice face
why is OE going crazy
she's got
he's always got those got an itching
problem I'm bored and I'm hungry and I
want to do something what are we going
to do I didn't know that the other
cameras in there Marley you know the
thing that she does where she like rubs
or her face on the ground like that yeah
she started doing that and she was
rolling around and scratching and
turning on and she farted and like stop
Marley gets in there the cameras passes
out because she's so white I can't get
the focus anymore the future of phone
calls
what's up doll Meadow Park I think she
heard that one all right email me a
grocery list and I'll get some food I
love you let me do bye all right I'll
get you some food - Marley who she
totally get that for the front of our
door all right well I said I'd get some
treats and I like oh my god
that is awesome that is awesome
totally uh oh my god these are so funny
alright so remember how I was talking
about earlier how the Lightning was
really really bad and the Thunder was
really bad last night I I'm definitely
taking your guys's advice I went and I
found one of those thunder thunder
blankets or whatever that heck they're
called put for Zoey like I said last
night was so funny because the second
that like thunder and that lightning hit
Zoey jumped from the floor and somehow
managed to get between Ali and I on the
bed and just like BAM just burrowed
right underneath and was trying to hide
itself I don't know maybe this is census
for dogs dog anxiety so I guess we'll
see if this works
no I see it like I can't eat it okay
let's put it on and see if it works on
you so we come put on your little
anti-anxiety Thank You meryt she's like
no I don't want to I'm anxious for this
on come here I'm gonna put it like this
oh you're not anxious and then there are
us how you doing Joe I feel very cold
you feel good like I feel calm because I
know there's tons of food right so we
look at all this fat spilling out do you
want a healthy carrot or do you want a
not healthy well actually it is healthy
holy crap I think Barley's brain just
like exploded on that one I want you to
jump super high well well looks like
Ali's been cooking what are you cooking
oh you're making the flat bed pesto
chicken things yeah maybe a little
longer I think you have two fans down
here check that out
you should open up your own business
alleys PETA reah hmm actually is that a
PETA what is that yeah what what are you
eating what would you get already guys
well it's time to go to bed well as
always got hurt yes she's heard nightly
destruction of toys that's what she does
every night yeah so I'm very happy to
you know be able to share my my secret
of time travel and you know
teleportation you know what I mean like
I'm really happy just guys promise you
don't tell anybody if you tell somebody
and it gets into the wrong hands it
could destroy the human race it could
destroy earth the United States America
Europe Australia the world everything
destroyed the internet destroyed if you
tell what what do you mean you're gonna
you're gonna sell it you okay you know
what I'm totally am I being you guys
we're going back we're going back ten
and a half minutes I'm sorry I have to
do this it's a part of your own safety
I'll see you guys tomorrow and you won't
remember a thing
good night
see what you did
