good morning everyone today is scavenger
hunt time Ali ready oh we're del ago you
ready for scavenger hunt you ready for
this are you ready yeah I don't think
marty is gonna go I think she's gonna
sleep
alright well now I gotta call Brittani
Louise Taylor cuz she's the one that
made our little scab she's doing
challenging us to the scavenger hunt so
she's gonna eat print it over to our
printer and then we're gonna get it and
then we're going to go find things
hopefully I hope we can do this but that
smell am I used to having flowers around
the house alright let's give her a call
why hello there I'm actually ready for
your challenge oh it's very simple it's
just simply Charles rocks your face off
at HP ePrint yes yes all right you're
going down by the way oh it was pretty
cool about this is that you can go on
their website which is HP com / go /
eprintcenter and you can actually
customize the email you can always
switch it so you can have whatever you
could have like charles rock your face
off at HP ePrint com you can always
change it and the really cool thing is
that because I just said my email
address you can make it private so only
certain emails uh like email addresses
can actually send to the printer Charles
rocks your face off up here comes are
you guys excited I'm excited too so she
just a printed the scavenger hi a letter
opener a chihuahua a parachute an ice
cream truck and this one might be kind
of hard Elvis too bad you're not a
chihuahua yeah but the bell alright well
look how pretty you look I i I'm so
sweet okay dogs doing exactly line train
just like I change that oh yeah try to
make him sit Zoe look at me
what about nine you say were you trying
hi Sam like LA traffic over there so
we're taking a little road trip to try
to complete this ah there's a stupid
black mark on the lens I can't figure
out how to get rid of it I cleaned it
like a million times the name of the
game oh cuz there's something my eye and
I can do yeah please look into my eyes
as you're trying to drive uh uh pretty
much a deaf person can hear that ring
right we have to go find every single
thing on this list all five of these
things take a photo and then we have to
eat printed back to brittany's printer
and then back to our printer as proof we
looked it up cuz I don't remember ever
seeing an ice cream truck and never in
any anywhere around and we looked it up
and apparently it was outlawed we have
to be a little bit creative on this one
yeah all right you can do the little
thing right oh but can you do it look
that there is no way to remove I don't
want to thanks of Elvis really you're
embarrassed now out of 859 videos you're
gonna be embarrassed cuz you're singing
Elvis I can't do that justice it's Elvis
you just stole from somebody else just
steal his stuff I'm not doing it oh shit
what's rattling nobody ever saw I don't
know i'm trying to think 10 that's all I
know and then Michael Jackson is AP
people are defined by their little
grunts see I mean that is it open aah
aah like what was this place called
before Elvis ate here Elvis that's not
Elvis ready
I am it's just email it there is the
marker working backward care yeah well
works with all of the place is oh man oh
you got a better marker teamwork no you
still put massa no it's littering go get
it I know there's an ice cream truck I
was just talking to my friend she said
there's one down in turtle beach but
that's like 40 minutes oh no greasy
spoon where can we find a parachute it's
raining so I mean we could try
parasailing maybe seriously like let's
break it down though what classifies as
a parachute just something that slows
you down can I just take it like a big
garbage bag and jump off a building
technically that's right right we could
find one of those little army toys it
you oh we could what does that's
probably her to find than a real
parachute oh we can go see Oprah
apparently Oprah has a house down here
somewhere yeah what's right here she
looks right there that's Oprah's house
right there you guys right there Oprah
lives right there right there and james
e lives right there jzjz isn't following
me they know you guys know it's ringing
oh yeah i was just curious are you guys
doing parasailing right now even though
it's raining I've never seen this beach
parking lot of the beach just to see
what it looks like right now oh the red
flags out oh jesus did he's run into the
curb Lana Lana Lana what danger zone
hello that is the world's most dangerous
bench cuz you're in that it's not my
favorite joke until I completely run it
into the ground like that's what she
said remember that was Charles Trippy
circa 2009 siesta key our pride and joy
well i think was just voted number one
beach in America
locks are flowing in the wind oh poor
mr. Siegel you're missing a foot he's a
pirate see go see them watch them all
scurry run run run run run bottom line I
don't think we're gonna be finding a
pair of sale here and I just see a
shirtless burn dude on a bike scavenger
hunts in Florida are hard when it's
raining technically we found it yeah
that's perfect that's a parachute I
cannot email it so we're kind of
crossing it off feel like we're still
not cheating definitely have to give it
to HP on this the whole a printing
process is pretty cool because you can
do it from any mobile device basically
anything that could do email you can
just email to yourself actually really
helpful clothes for like where we're
traveling we can't remember things we
print it back to our printer at home
there's not a picture in this Sunday
it's like the modern-day fax machine I'm
all must be screening calls for me she
doesn't want to answer mom you don't
love me anymore all right was call my
dad I we're trying to find a ice cream
truck ice this is like impossible exist
what the heck kind of bug are you at
this custard place whenever they hand
you the ice cream they always go like
this show you know we do it again
custard you guys get nervous you guys
get nervous take that ice cream and set
it on that truck I hope hey we're doing
a scavenger hunt where can we find an
ice cream truck yes proven to be
difficult is that is that a good
transformer ally or a bad one oh my god
it's Optimus Prime uh what about classic
car museum i would say about an ice
cream truck i am so pissed off we're
still an ice cream truck this ice cream
place better have an ice cream truck
that a chihuahua is serving the ice
cream to us using a lot yes it
you're not a chihuahua these are natural
wawas we just call this a chihuahua
Chihuahua we found one it's a scary
sweet I cannot believe it we were just
walking out of the thing I can't believe
it at bam I would send this to
brittany's printer the woman who let us
take a photo of her dog she had never
seen and I thought before hence why it's
kind of blurry but I swear that's not
Bigfoot bada-bing old gummy bears to
wear that wasn't unless him to the mecca
the hub an office supplies place oh
hello boom baby so are just let it run
any meaning
what are you let the master sword I am
looks pretty good to me email it
something just smells like I should be
doing something so the bit it smells
like I it smells like I need to be doing
school work or something which I don't
ha sorry everybody who's still in school
good job education is awesome at cha cha
well as you can tell her slightly losing
it as we got it you got it I totally got
this you're losing it right there oh no
we got it now that I know Brittany Z
printed dress I'm just gonna like send
her messages all the time that one
picture of Burt Reynolds no I should
those are dog treats yeah spoiled take
the other ones first yeah wait wait
actually can we come back here okay you
have to take a bite first as I did it's
a family thing you have to do that you
have to you have to barely fits
nevermind okay hold on oh my God look at
the carpet Oh guess who's got a clean
yeah no not fam it's it's almost nine
o'clock now at night and we're just
doing it we're putting ice cream on a
truck ice cream trucks are not allowed
in Sarasota yeah and so we're gonna make
an ice cream truck okay there's the
truck okay let me get the camera going
we're not hurting it okay okay let's
take the photo okay one two
we have an ice cream truck and send the
final one off how heavy is at five
pounds he's crazy hey Jason Jason Jason
we see that dump you curl in fill it up
not my toes the honest what's a nigga
he's like that's having watch your head
I could just seemed like doing that and
like throwing it through your TV you
want to do the honors done now let's go
home and see our photos all right let's
check out the photos they should be
waiting for us in their little HP
photosmart printer and sure enough they
are here you want to see the photos
Joyce iam Wow the call is actually
really good there's stool and there's
the ice cream truck I think we did it
you think guys we're gonna high-five
don't break your monitors this time one
two three high five I think it was broke
the lens something today was a pretty
successful scavenger hunt day don't you
think we bent the rules just enough no
we didn't it's a matter of semantics
nobody cares so here's was a really big
truck and I put ice cream on a truck
what if we found a truck that was made
of ice cream the best part is that you
guys yes the ctfa you you you 3d can win
see 3d you guys can totally win one of
the printers HP has been so awesome that
they have decided to let a contest
pathan on our Facebook page for one of
the sea GFX ears to win an HP photosmart
printer which is fantastic so all you
have to do it's super nice all you have
to do is go to our facebook page which
is facebook.com / internet kill TV gotta
click like and then you get to leave a
comment just one gotta keep it fair
either fair plus 1 comment saying what
you would be print right right record
every ok a little bit too much sugar
today facebook page like it comment on
it and here's an example on the screen
of what you can do you have to put this
little hashtag in it so we can track
what you're saying am i weird for like
enjoying sparkling water anyway so yeah
good our Facebook page hey I feel like
apron each other sometime or something
oh my god that could be the new thing
giving people their eat the HP ePrint
addresses instead of like yeah but I
want to get like creepy Burt Reynolds
pictures all day long help me send in
some Burt Reynolds photos to some people
tonight come here nope don't every time
since I was pretty much caged in the car
all day I just get it I gotta go to the
gym for a little bit late every time I
come down here though they have some
like whoever would like is down here is
watches like the most terrible TV shows
it's all those like really crappy like a
great does never know no you which point
right now what look like a baby chick a
bit you do come here stop no come in
your hands fuzzy it's really cute no no
no no no no that's right regulate you
this bribe you oh come on Zoe that's
lame also I can't tell you how many time
she does exactly that and smacks her
head on this wall already goes well I'm
exhausted today has been a long long day
he already bed it so cute a sleepy oh oh
hi when did she get up there oh wow did
you see that lightning I was always
freaking out because of the light and
that's what's going on my first
scavenger hunt I'd say success it was
pretty fun i would like to do it when it
was raining maybe we'll do another one
so yeah guys don't forget to go to our
facebook page and do all that fun stuff
and we'll see you tomorrow get some rest
good night or get from yeah there we go
good night what is the story switch oh
that's a switch there we go
on youtube
where's the exe
with child trippy and alli
trippy and alli don't forget going
