that's what we're leaving
today excited to see my puppies and my
boy I'm sad to be leaving 21 today
goodbye what is on I can't look at that
what is that her so that little dark
spot that's in my lens not sure what it
is but it's not coming off anyway
there's my head and my so Charlie just
informed me that today is free Firehouse
Subs day
I'm kind of gonna freak out a little bit
every day by the way
whoo looks like Ally's on our way home
dang she's going fast
she got a while to go though good
morning guy so I put the chest mount up
hi Zoe
I put the chest mount as you can see on
my person I wanted to see what it looked
at shut up robot you're so noisy hi
Marlee so you guys are seeing what my my
chesticles
see at all times very interesting angle
so yeah I've promised yesterday that I
would do this on the dogs outside so
let's go try it out is it recording
let's see where Allie is now holy crap
she's almost here
dad they went down about 10,000 feet so
she should be here in the next 5 30
minutes thank God I'm freaking losing my
mind thinking which was strap this
camera on to the dogs to see what they
see all right all right guys Zoe's
vision
so in a cyborg
what it looks like huh but I'm yelling
at you this is what you see
you know it's like it's like you guys
are all riding hot so is that great
what did you do when did you do that
when I'm noticing a problem though it
keeps wanting to slide to the right it
won't stay straight on her back so I
gotta figure out how to make that work
better but I feel like I feel like this
was a good test though what do you think
what are some other places where it
would be super freaking awesome to have
doggy vision what do you what do you
guys think like I was trying to think
I'm pretty cool so if you guys have any
ideas just tell me in the comments and
we'll we'll try it we'll try it out I
gotta figure out how to do a Marley
version because I feel like we can catch
you're doing some really bad stuff you
guys ready to go for a ride
the friggin hurricane going on right now
it's so windy
hey wait does this remind you of Honey I
Shrunk the Kids dog do you remember that
movie Rick Moranis hey I got an idea we
didn't want to fall all the time put it
on the side so he's falling anyway okay
we'll try this again later so yesterday
to see if you guys were paying attention
to the videos when I went to Best Buy I
got out of the passenger side of the car
and I got into the passenger side of the
car and to my surprise a lot of people
called me out on it so I might do that
again that was kind of fun it was like a
little Easter Egg but I was surprised
that a lot of people didn't even notice
I mean you could be honest here tell me
in the comments did you notice it or no
it's okay maybe I'll do it again I just
hit myself in the nose kudos to those
who figure that out
well not very long kind of long somebody
30 days trip two days we don't know I
have no idea I think I haven't been home
at all
really this is the first time I've been
home for like longer than two days this
is adorable
that's what we love to say at airports
so I forgot to finish my thought because
I was distracted by that adorable woman
in her adorable baby for the first time
so we're gonna be done with traveling
for just a couple days but then we're
gonna be going back out to DC and then
we're going to Austin and I'm probably
gonna be going to New York at some point
again soon
probably LA it's fun I can't even think
of what I'm trying to say because I'm
running out like no sleep right now oh
that's right three freaking Sunday I
know what I'm eating for dinner today
yeah there's not the best news you've
heard all day
or and or your whole life ally just
called she just got home and I wanna
what I'm gonna do is I want to put the
little GoPro on the side of Zoey's face
and I want to see I want to see like
what she sees when ally comes home how
crazy that is so you ready okay let's
try this
do you know which one you want now
okay so I'll let you guys decide okay
these are words the options this is one
two oh my god there's so many which one
do you guys like I don't know I'm
partial this one but if these are the
colors of the wedding you should go for
this you decide Internet you decide oh I
feel so good to be on this camera right
now oh they look I know right that I can
yeah I just wanted you home for the
camera Oh face are you pooping is that a
crying face it's a flare turtle all
right most crucial step to any good sub
process and I always go overboard
hell yeah so you want to hear something
really really funny
remember when I went and jumped over the
fence or I tried to jump over the fence
somebody my bio shouldn't say somebody
about a million one people made like
gifts on tumblr and I posted one on my
tumblr account of me like totally eating
it right
apparently that gif and that video of me
busting has now gone viral in the
country of Norway yeah isn't that weird
no way nose would be a if you haven't
seen the gift I'll put a link down there
you can go check it out but yeah kudos
Norway thank you now yeah now I want to
go to Norway
because of sun on the internet for it
was so funny I keep looking back and I'm
like I can clear it and you know it I'm
gonna stretch I'm gonna go running for
like a week and then I'm gonna beat I
think I can do it I think I could do I
almost did it
I was so close it looked like I just
gave up I don't know huh she looked
right into the camera when she jumped on
the table
what do you got can you not see
am I in your way
so Zoey how do you feel that everyone
was riding on your back you had the
whole internet on your back
I was just editing some of the clips
right now and it was probably the
funniest it's like the funniest angle
well you missed Zoey this is like a Zoey
dog vlog today dogs well literally it's
literally today was a dog full hug they
they literally you just witnessed the
first vlogging dogs that's right we're
gonna make them do it more often maybe
we'll just like leave a camera on all
day
and you get to edit all that you look at
this sift through all that footage well
I guess it's that time of day to go to
bed tomorrow is actually gonna be really
really fun we're actually gonna be doing
a scavenger hunt we're gonna go do a
full-fledged scavenger hunt tomorrow so
get excited for that that's gonna be
pretty I've never actually done have you
ever done a scavenger hunt before you
have really I've never done that anyway
oh it's gonna be back on this camera
I'll see you guys tomorrow
get some sleep or go enjoy the day if
you're watching this tur today bye guys
yes
with y'all trippin
we're CD
Larry
