battery parked right here this is Justin
looking nasty in the wind
those guns look pretty serious
I wonder if FPSRussia as they were shot
one of those
that's your memory right there the
Liberty bike check it out I have never
seen a seagull that is brown and they're
like way bigger than normal seagulls
fine I'm what a dick he's making
everybody hate it's like yo yo who's my
turn so this is the front of the old
torch crazy oh my god
it's taking a gander at the Lady Liberty
Thank You bird for flying through that
in making it a super simple shot so he
just came on to an island so everybody
used to come over with all their bags
and they don't have to wait for an
inspection and these are all the things
that got lost when they people are
waiting to check them instead of
carrying them because they were too
heavy they would get lost
really crazy news guys
Ali just teleported she literally just
teleport at home for to show you
something pretty crazy all right the
truth is just before Ali went to New
York City we filmed this because we
really didn't want to wait anymore we
were so excited to show you guys but
we've been sitting on this for three
weeks we weren't allowed to tell you so
we didn't want to wait until a like at
home which is in a few days and stuff we
wanted to show you guys right now so
prepare for teleportation as' okay we've
had this for about two weeks now this
has been literally killing us for the
past two weeks Ali and I were given a
new video game by ubisoft called
Rocksmith and we've been training we've
actually been training right now so we
can when we debut at week because now
we're allowed to talk about it we just
want to show you our skills basically
what it lets you do is plug in a real
guitar directly into the console so you
can actually play a video game with the
real guitar I'm pretty impressed we've
been playing it for two weeks you guys
it's been seriously killing us we've
been wanting to show you that's why
there's been a guitar over in the corner
a lot of you guys notice that there was
a guitar by the TV for the best couple
you guys are super sleuth we just want
to show you guys our skills we're just
gonna show this off because I'm
officially obsessed right here what's
all that costume I could go with this Oh
kind of broke that it we can't rock out
guys unless we're in a full posture up
microphone see anything else do you guys
like how we have our props just in our
closet it's just random it's like all
you want to wear a regular t-shirt oh no
you want to wear a boa that's cool it
works is that good it's backwards if I
sell my hair like this
it's like my dad all right okay there
for a little bit
that's a very rough shoot man I own a
fanny pack a lot of fanny pack is that
rockin oh we got gloves
we got gloves the only one glove there
there we go oh I don't remember the last
time I wore a tank oh yeah this is gonna
be the last time he wears a tank top I'm
gonna make sure of that
no I'm sorry that's not nice I will not
just close that information did you
think I was a girlfriend this is not
okay ready to rock come on Zoey your
daddy's lost his mind what some rocks
win yours is so much more subdued than
mine
look at this we bust out all the stops
we've got some professional lighting
going so you can see the rockin from all
sides this is actually a really fun game
I was I've always wanted a video game
where I could actually plug the real
guitar into and actually play a video
game look this is actually blast from
the past right here when I had long hair
I just want to show you how bad I was
before I show you how much I rock
Oh
improvement all right now this is me
ready to rock to a very familiar song
okay just be careful how am i rock your
face off too much a dedicated taller the
league is out back hey sorry I love you
are you ready I didn't take this wig off
yeah clean her up
you guys so much better
oh yeah like 74,000 all right let's cut
to your your old-school versions a
couple weeks ago
oh look at this we got a we got a man
down we got a man down okay so I play
guitar but I've noticed by using this
but my bad habits
kind of go away you only mean and alleys
just learning how to play guitar what do
you think did that help you yeah I never
really knew how to move around on the
frets and it's kind of teaching me
better finger position exactly I always
have to look down so it's better on here
I can actually see what I'm doing the
visual it's really cool that this game
is really cool guys it's called rock
Smith here's the cool thing they said
that if we win on their Facebook page
they're having a contest at it if you go
there and if you vote for the CTFxC
Charles and Alex go for us they're gonna
be giving away a bunch of bundles will
to us that we'll be able to give to you
guys
so make sure you go to their Facebook
pages right here and both for us for
having the most improvement the most
energy the most all-around CTFxC ness
now now we can we can go back to our
daily routine of not wearing skinny
pants
having seriously the key to
teleportation is actually kind of simple
I'm surprised a lot of you guys haven't
figured out and once I tell you you'll
probably be pretty pissed off but do use
use these powers responsibly so the key
to teleportation is awesome
could you I couldn't even imagine
literally over a hundred years ago where
they had hearings for people who they
were suspicious about besides rather not
the one to listening I'll show you how
big this money is that's my hand and
that's the money Wow
it's like huge stir don't excuse me sir
sir sir sir
oh you know what we should do today I
saw on YouTube somebody took the gopro
chest mount i was able to like alter it
and you can put it on a dog whereshegoes
see if that's possible
that'd be pretty cool like doggy cam
okay if it's right here okay look right
there okay now walk forward walk forward
so it'd be like this that could be
pretty cool actually I love these guys I
mean I mean they're okay they're kind of
cool yeah you guys are sort of cool you
know that's one thing about this CTFxC i
love is that you guys are such animal
lovers you got high five you guys we're
gonna do it we're gonna do it we got to
do it one two three don't pick your
monitor three high five
you broke the monitor didn't you yes I
know like 20 minutes into this video I
realize that my hair looks like this I
look into a camera lens I don't look in
mirrors oh hi
there's people watching me unless they
got nuts anyway let's go see what he's
doing
check this out they have their own bike
path it is so long on the way to the
Freedom Tower is out is called the
Freedom Tower
it's the monument to it when chat was
used to be I have never been to ground
zero before well I'm gonna walk carry my
mouth is probably blue and you probably
can't take me seriously it's actually
going to be the 10-year anniversary of
September 11th coming up which is
insanity say a prayer for all the people
who lost their families there because
it's a huge tragedy and it was a very
sad day but this is a little dog park
right here this dog is awesome she
brings it back every single time that is
a smart dog so this is ground zero they
have a lot of a building here's the
second building Katie hi Katie are you
from New York yeah very cool do you live
in this area
hey Ashley okay so today that is what
should you have a Twitter or something
that's your Twitter vegan bacon head
okay go is your happy birthday today you
found you found a rogue frisbee so you
ready ready that's right you don't
listen to me get it now you can you can
get that that's right we're on a mission
now just try to find this this chest
strap so they can make doggy camp the
official CTFxC dougie cam I'm not really
even sure where I can get this I'm just
gonna drive around I was kind of getting
cabin fever because I've been editing
all day for the last two or three days
you know what's funny I was reading the
comments just before I left and I
remember when we switched to the 300 HS
from this camera everyone was saying
that this one was better and they didn't
want to switching now that you guys have
gotten used to the 300 HS every time I
film on this one you guys are go back to
it's just people get used to things you
know when you switch it up people like
what's going on although I don't think
you guys are that dramatic I just
thought it was I just thought it was
kooky
I thought it was kooky and I wanted to
share it
I'm so good right now
I don't oh there it is sweet victory and
now we shall try to see what this looks
like when we get the dogs Empire
this is the set of the Today Show that's
where they have like their cooking
segments and then there's a little couch
in the back and all these little tiny
set area uncertainty so they're getting
I know it's got to be insanely hot in
there every time I come here I start
singing the FIFA 30
okay your phone number what your so we
have another time somewhere first-timer
this evening my first time square this
is the best time to go at night I don't
know it's like watching a sci-fi movie
except it's but everyone right the
second yeah all right who wants to wear
this first once I think Bryce oh well I
don't know you're pretty spazzy I don't
know if this doesn't work right now
because it's kind of dark if it doesn't
I promise we'll try it tomorrow maybe
we'll go to the dot oh my gosh the dogs
swimming that'd be hilarious well this
obviously isn't meant for little tiny
Marley dogs all right ready
let's turn it on what is that my videos
on the big screen
wait
well I guess we can time travel and hack
time square
hello buddies I guess that's what
Lonnie's I ate his club memories of
seven eight nine the first each of
gathering that I ever went to whom I met
when I met Charles brother
yeah I Raphael like was my intro into
the world of YouTube
er come with years later that family we
love you guys so so much and that's
we're like a better life or as remaining
alright guys I just wanna play us out so
yeah don't forget to vote for us then we
can't win if we win then it'll be super
pretty
so you should vote for us on Facebook
distant God leagues in the video
description of blocks oh yeah okay good
worse
without trippin
to be an ally
