so we'd be quiet we're trying not to
wake up full out it's currently 5 a.m. I
have no idea why Emily right now I mean
I know why but I have no idea why I'm
never been to New York City and we're so
excited
so we must our first flight but we have
this to look at a beautiful sunrise
which I'm very excited about we didn't
miss it because we're late we missed it
cuz we're flying standby and we didn't
get on
trying to be all good this morning and
get a water and fruit which I did and
now I'm so mad I want pastry okay guys
silence is it like awesome Steve Steve
it's funny I kind of forgot how to
actually use this camera I was like wait
why isn't it working
sad mustache and it'll triangle beard to
replace what I just cut off yeah you
guys have one now it's funny does my big
head even fit in this camera that as why
is the other one anyway so I have a lot
of stuff to do today I have a lot of
editing for the new skits and alleys
having fun she's in New York she's
getting her dress she's actually
bringing it home she's bringing the veil
and whatever a bonnet did she say a
bonnet is that something feel like less
of a hobo do I look as old as I was
earlier yesterday look 27 actually I
look 56 now I look what 13 so I just
realize that everybody is watching us go
like I'm gonna have to give all these to
Charles so he can show you guys all of
them this is probably the most fun thing
to be when you're born so I never
thought I'd be this for all putting on
makeup in an airport bathroom but here
we are occupying the entire Keanu state
putting on makeup we're almost like I'm
on the cleared list they're not and I'm
panicking
I am so nervous my stomach is like on
fire and freezing all I'm freezing I'm
shaking my
Hertz and I'm just antsy I might keep it
I know you don't you are not leaving
seat your ass down
I just looked at that clip and I'm so
used to the camera being able to record
everything that you see Zoe slobbering
all over the place oh my gosh everybody
sounds different too doesn't it direct I
fish my turn Zoe was rocking out too
much so I was thinking about this
morning so okay when you turn 18 you are
considered legally an adult in the
United States right so when you turn 21
you can you can drink when you turn 16
you can drive when you turn 25 you can
rent a car and your insurance is cheaper
but after 25 what's next what do you
what do you have to look forward to like
retirement your pension like I was
trying to think there's gotta be
something in there midlife crisis or is
that way that's 15 what if you live to
be like 100 like 20 what it'd be 60 by
looking too far into this should I just
stop talking I don't know because you
know there's always growing up there's
always those like pinnacle steps you
know 16 18 21 25 I was trying to think
after 25 what is what's next what's next
I just notice there's a giant crack on
that lives I have no idea where I'm at
oh wait I've never actually been to the
University of Tampa I think wait what
what's going on I don't recognize
anything here that's funny
I've lived in Tampa like six years I've
never stumbled upon that campus you
learn something new every single day
when your GPS fails you and it tells you
to take a right but it really means to
take a left
Oh GPS why do you fail me GPS you really
suck GPS you really feel me why don't
you go F a duck yep Charles that will be
on the internet forever
but you know what herve that were on the
stinking plane something about sitting
with smells that i mentioned somewhere
at least black plane I was so happy so I
was watching myself in the vlog I was
watching the vlog from Spain a long time
ago
what was so different like the way that
I talk to the camera was really
different other than that it was just a
it's not bad but it's I don't know when
you guys think you think I'm better than
what I better than I better now I don't
know I think I'm just wash back to me
know your body yeah weird no no I don't
school to watch I hadn't watched the
Spain vlogs in two years so that was
like a total throwback Wow that's the
wrong way
there we go everybody
relax man
the internet made me promise to bring
you back here since it rained ready go
ahead and only bring it back half way I
don't want to see you do it the full way
because that would be convenient heist
and look-alike and does she bring them
back halfway halfway riding the waves in
who will get it I was gonna try to steal
it at least you guys are letting the
share and this is his water it looks
like pee yellow doesn't it
oh you got a friend Marley you're peeing
out your chest weird I'm hoping Marley I
think you met your match oh I think
Riley has a friend just like a ran up
and punch smiley in the face
I wonder what Al is doing right now
that is what we're listening to this is
one of my mom's favorite song
comes in at about four minutes little
after four minutes
which I do not like flying into
LaGuardia it is
water landing
watch it she's gonna lay right down they
got it rough get it because they're
their dogs and they and they bark okay I
apologize come on over there that time
come on get over there
Zoey Zoey do not go back in that oh shit
talk about the legroom dance there's a
whole bedroom this is like studio
apartment in Manhattan so I'm just
watching the little monitor on the cat
screen oh they're apparently a Reno
Nevada it is illegal to place a chair
anywhere in the middle of any street
also in New Jersey you apparently have
to have a special license if your
business requires you to crack eggs in
any fashions
oh I know we're like we're in the back
of the windows down tonight we're going
to eat food out for dinner and I am
ecstatic I can't even tell you how
excited I am about this
I guess it's just like bowls of giant
bowls of ramen whatever it's yeah
whatever it is okay you guys are gonna
seriously kill me okay now they're
getting out of hand seriously guys I'm
trying I think collectively they're
trying to get the treats that I got them
oh yeah that's right what are you trying
to do deliver travels me here try to
knock my feet out
oh no we got the last car they're good
stop your head is in the way of your
girlfriend I'm trying to film her subway
we're gonna hang up now
so much pressure it's like a place we
get noodles oh yeah okay that's a lot I
don't think that's how you use
chopsticks
okay this is entirely made out of zip
ties that is freaking oh the flaming
cactus
dude that is freaking amazing those are
zip ties I'm getting it but I'm not
really sure what's happening this is
apparently a giant sculpture that moves
but only if everybody pushes in one
collective direction oh here we go
Wow this is basically the best New York
has to offer this is all the New York at
all okay I'm gonna move away from this
now probably really fast so I don't die
I like you guys I don't want to die can
we spin it now what's fun while it
lasted
New York City guys anything can happen
like dudes on cubes I don't know you
guys want to get some peanuts a tooth
that's a nice car
get out of the way I'm trying to look at
the butter $5
we're gonna be a little so we decided to
come down to Times Square someone listen
good to see it because she's the first
time ever she seemed transparent she's
so excited I know right giant
cockroaches is probably I do not see a
cockroach but don't tell me that because
I'll probably start crying
drawn
this is incredible if that pertains
we're look how beautiful it is that nice
there's like nothing else in the world
that stands for mother of Ali's
consciousness of max can score on some
others of my own gun
Melissa might be having a New York
overload right now
correction three story Walgreens
holy-moly hard to find anything the
adventure begins
we're gonna get lost yes so you blame me
this is in the train I was told listen I
dude there's a helicopter and he just
signed it she just signed signed is spot
on us yeah I swear
Empire State Building at that beautiful
little red white and blue thing in a
very fun adventure as my final dress
fitting it turned out beautifully I am
so so excited oh god everybody's gonna
come in don't want anyone to see you
pooping that girls don't know poor naked
or naked this just got really weird I
just can't wait I am the luckiest girl
in the world
yeah that's about it for today so we
will see you tomorrow we're gonna be
wandering around New York City to get
Melissa to do some more sightseeing and
it's gonna be fun I'm going to bed
exhausted love you guys thanks for
watching good night
yes
it's all tripping
would be an ally
