another cube groovy music now getting a
little late start today it is so hot
right now hold on let me do my hole how
hot is it 96 degrees right now so we
didn't really wanna go outside you went
walk the dogs briefly and then we were
through that walking slide and a baby
would stay indoors like their pilot and
half the entire freaking day
oh yeah by the way touched all this and
I just thought I had to do it it's
chicken in the cone you know chicken and
waffle waffle go get it run to the
camping stuff oh yeah you know can we
get like one of those Camelback we get
stuff for the dog basically just a bunch
of pain there was a scuba talk with your
RV people were narrowing down everything
a little by little and got some cool
ideas I want to run by the ideas from
you guys little later in the video
Lisette that's a pretty awesome place
everything from a haunted kind of
dangerous
yeah are to jail to a giant monster
bottle protective bottle
yeah yeah I want to be poor travel arrow
and over crystal hotel and it's
basically been a tourist trap I've gone
through everything federal bitch it's
basically a really crappy little
horrible incredible adventure but things
like that I want to own it you don't
really want to have kind of a drug house
are you eating with the top pick what we
really don't want to have like straight
up by 10 range we want to be over town
the quickly did North Carolina years
remember that we woke up okay to
Thursday right hold on I'm out we woke
up on a Thursday and Ally was like what
do you want to do
we're like let me get in the car and
drive north and we just kept driving
until we got the Ashland right and then
we on the way I just looked on Airbnb
and I was like okay well we have to
point in today and it was the most
beautiful like trip I think we've ever
taken right away like that dog got plain
snow for the first time
Marley's look get me out of here this
part where they do two things ever
eating my waffle gum that's maple
mustard you don't want to just do two
things and use the kitten RV and drive
good
I know like could learn a car we're got
a restricted but what we wanted to do
the hour can be driving yeah yeah we
couldn't leave the dog the RV we can
literally drive until it has to go over
to a rep stop fall asleep for a little
bit so we are treating this like a
honeymoon especially you guys are
planning our honeymoon for the cool
thing about this place is it's literally
it in the wood or the forest for shrubs
shrubbery if you will
time to go get our camp on but I need to
get a good RV hat it's my good RV hat
you get a good one no no it's every
something like this it's even a dad on
the cover it's a grandad looking to it
be good there you go
that's the compact that doesn't fit in
my way nothing fits me good luck
immediately needing extra wash are you
saving me
oh here we go in the Andes
oh my god I really want to wear that
that clever girl wanted it look kind of
cool way to talk about colossal drug do
you think they're gonna have the
collapsible stuff for dogs pick the
bowls that's a good chair almost a
family I memorized all I know is that
when hang a visitor
yeah you don't want to do that I feel
like had to keep us all out of it nor
our luck we're going to be needing a
medic bag and we can get one of those
things at st. Bernard's F and put that
on
probably Zoey or detail although Marley
would be the only one I would actually
come to list oh here we go
have you ever had a space suit is it
good you pot it yeah do we do that in
the vlog I remember it's freeze-dried
Chris then doesn't expire so we already
do this with strawberry how do you do
like a little omelet
that's another dad thing later literally
a fanny pack literally all my fans I
think I was like a bad Christmas ever
gonna be seen what's comfortable see you
would look more like a dressing Park for
that though Oh clothes on the couch
there's like something to happen yes
like the seventh car yeah we're not
going to go in that direction
well we are well I guess it doesn't
happen all that Harrison's okay well we
won't know they're turning we're good
follow his path curiosity killed the cat
babe okay what's our Mack game with such
movie wish I was suddenly with Jake
Gyllenhaal where he's like you chase
raise like a meals just ain't calling
yeah yes more what happened to being a
boy is not look like I didn't spoil it
no it's very apparent what happened that
movie the thing we keep psyching
ourselves out is that we're not
technically camping so it's not like we
need all these like crazy you know like
I don't tents and stuff like that
we need this where we go into the brush
that's what we need we actually had that
hatchet way through the pre-rounding we
have that hatchet we can just use that
pops come into handy sometimes the other
place with seventy to eighty dollars
there are twenty four dollars here okay
well we got our backpack oh my cake it's
so bad
no they came out for a reason
people
go you can't touch
that's I got stuck I want to get one of
those you know it's crazy
pick up that dragon look like alright we
can get our kid a little dragon and I
just think Joey Marlene diesel
destroying that poor thing
heaven blink the whole time it up so we
went out looking for things for our road
trip and it was kind of funny we found
ourselves looking at all the camping
equipment but we're not really camping
we're kind of camping we're not really
camping so we're trying to find like
little things that we might need within
the camper like for instance basic
necessities top soil a weber all the
things that you need in a normal room i
guess when we thought about this road
trip we thought we're going to need a
lot of camping supplies which maybe one
night we'll sleep in a tent I'm not
exactly sure we went in there thinking
like we needed all these different
things but in actuality we don't really
need anything did get two things that
were pretty cool for water back ladders
water pack pack water backpack and it
was so funny the guy that was some old
where Apple Jacks when he was selling a
camel bladder a steel bladder an otter
bladder but it was pretty funny because
you like you know if your hands back I
got used by the bladder and I'm trying
to book like that each other like right
you can't item planner it just is so
gross to say flatter flatter says a
gross word it is a scary look
glad or say that talk about a bladder
somebody just threw the word bladder out
loud especially for your anus this is a
fun one that's a weird word what's
another weird word
weenus for Salinas you ever wonder that
like how to how do they come up with
names like chair who those who looks at
one says that the chair the chair
exactly like that's a sign for some
actually really interesting sure what's
the internet whether we'll be able to
find us something so internet world
figure that out for us to let us know in
comment section below
we're too lazy to Google barley cookie
dodge ball dodge ball dodge ball
dodgeball she doesn't care
Zoey dodgeball so you trampling on the
flag
get off that that's actually really cool
put stars all over the yard see this
first time I've ever seen that so he
stepped on a blue star
this isn't Mario I've been so proud of
Zoey Late Late she's able to do this
like a champ now don't even really have
to tell her to stop she definitely has
the attention span there's a second
herbals though feel like I need to hear
like a little food spinner and put on
her nose so she's like doing that but
she's doing really well so we stopped
okay never mind
Zoey good girl thank you for waiting
I don't know if you guys remember my dad
and I was at his house a handful of
these were they called why Zephyrs I
just fly don't do it won't fly it's not
yes so yes so it's like attached to it
we're going to fly was so cool because
you know Ali I have a certain
relationship with mosquitos by mosquitos
sighs you will not infect my memory we
never do this we never do this to a
player or anything like that you know I
hate spiders okay
players coming at me and then I do
laughter oh Jesus I have a reason to put
have to justify myself villainies but
everyone else is part of the golf get
rid of skills all right guys I gotta go
finish protecting my life okay I'm done
saving your life
I just saved your life out there hey
Savannah
I just saved all his life oh nice hat
okay
they were played for Ali on her birthday
what's cool is this is an actual brewery
to fin or get drunk cool thing about
these people because they all have like
games on top of them this one is curtido
I've never heard of that one this is
cool you guys may not know stuffy but
clues my favorite game ever ever my mom
when I turn like 26 bought me a legible
name this is AMA monopoly clue and it's
got me a Scrabble missing to have
trouble trouble trouble so the key in
table shuffleboard is to make sure
there's lots of sand at the end so it
slides right off just don't tell Ally my
tactic
it was right here like no joke spinning
right here and then Ali bumped the table
and knocked down so Ali pretty much is a
ringer when it comes to that game what
happens if I move this one do it I dare
ya
witch what are going to go for
competitive to try to use
more pressure pressure here
a one-handed dude that's a rule what are
you gonna do you read the competitive
nature I don't give a crap about that I
just like whatever you look like you're
in a Bon Jovi music video right now
they're still going
so we stopped playing music for the dogs
and put Simpsons on I do you mean to put
the closed captioning so they can read
it because the dogs are good oh yeah
okay you can read it well that's news to
me
you can read now nah do what English do
you think
cheer the bat that was a bat
ya hear that noise
that sounds like I'm Batman that was a
trick question
uh-uh anyway guys it was just no that
was actually a back I'm actually not
kidding
that's all it was not Batman it was not
Bruce Wayne not you see what it was not
juicy Wayne it wasn't Bruce Wayne but it
was a bat
so we are going on mile three what we're
trying to do is instead of doing
everything all at once we're trying to
break things up you know do like a half
mile here mile here since it's so damn
hot I hope you enjoyed today's video it
was a nice chill day Ali and I just got
to spend some time together which is
which is something very important for us
as a relationship you know outside the
vlogs we don't actually do you've been
faced did you think now it's important
for us to do every once in a while when
you do daily videos you know you kind of
get caught up in the daily videos so you
kind of have to separate yourself a
little bit welcome to our day a real
life I hope you enjoyed today's video
please subscribe if you are not already
or make sure you are subscribed actually
make sure you subscribe to that little
Bell notification on our channel because
if you don't get the subscription things
this actually alerts a little bit better
so that is better than subscribing in
addition to subscribing so I will see
you guys tomorrow a little tighter right
now have a great night
bye guys at butt
you
you
