oh yeah I'm making Charles a birthday
omelet since he doesn't like cake wake
up birthday boy get your birthday omelet
come here what day is today it's
Charlie's birthday
you're gonna catch up the thoughts of
eggs that's yeah and now for my
traditional birthday routine
I want to be 80 and doing that do you a
jalapeno breakfast omelette hey look
it's the officious seeing eye bitch from
everything is illuminated hello yep okay
make sure to guide me wherever I need to
go pick up your bear now you're just
showing off Marley wants a shirt now too
now it's official come on could you
please get up
could you cool off or hey police come on
sit up sit up sit up she's being a diva
she's being a diva yeah come on watch it
you coming what what is this what it's
like gonna be like times 20 with having
a kid okay take the shirt off setup okay
now get up get up sit up now we gotta
put the shirt back on
there right there stay hey I think we're
ready to go
yeah I'm a little pissed off at you you
really really gonna do that to me
she think I didn't do it I didn't do it
at all I was being good rolling in the
water
I think Marla is just she just knows how
to be a jerk yeah nobody told me Labor
Day meant ridiculous techno music so all
day today Charles has been super
stressed out and hasn't been able to do
anything fun at all for his birthday /
supposed to go to dinner but we ended up
shooting some other videos so we didn't
even get to do that so I'm going to go
to the store and get him some lovely
cupcakes and I'm gonna get the doggie
some little hats so they can look at
dorable like maybe clam juice no it's
not a good idea it was the most
disgusting thing I think I've ever seen
in my entire life I've never seen him
actually throw up well that's not true
he threw up during the milk challenge
you know what I read somewhere that guys
like flowers just as much as girls do so
I'm gonna get him some flowers
this one should I get them they all look
really pretty like that one looks like
we got all the parties the five now I
got the hats for the dogs
there's awesome little party properties
like the things that you blow out in it
just load a noise he's gonna hate those
but I got him anyway
oh yeah the red velvet that's the bomb
that's what I like
then I should throw some minutes on it I
just made friends with the guys at the
liquor store they were asking me I don't
know how the conversation came up but I
started talking about the fact that I
did YouTube videos and I told them about
drunk gaming and they got really excited
so I think they're gonna go watch and
they're like you're gonna get two more
subscribers tonight it's really funny
wait they decided to stop by and the
dogs are literally going to everywhere
they don't know that they're coming in
either just Charles and Christine made
birthday hats to everybody how did you
learn how to make that on YouTube did
you really YouTube that yeah that's so
funny boy aproximately interests seven
or eight showed me how so cute show me
all the hats Oh
Erica's poop head poop head Melissa hot
sister birthday Gramps oops i pooed Zoe
oh but that's okay they don't they just
need that that's so cute look at it oh
and this is my want to say my husband
Ali wifey of the Geezer amazing
let's go it's very sad panda dude peep
these mad hats these are great you have
to hold this okay beautiful so I got
this because Charles did that shot of
clam juice so I'm gonna tell the first
four thing you get to do another shot of
clam juice but what I'm really going to
do is just tell them that I'm gonna do
this I might die what is it so if I do I
love you guys
yeah hole shot can be nasty it's like a
hickory smoke flavoring I don't know
you're cold liquid smoke that sounds
dangerous I don't know there's this
birthday surprise okay the way it's a
good setup just surprise them yes so I'm
Charles rehearsal oh no I'm gonna come
from here though except Charles is
probably gonna do none of those thing is
there's nothing scary oh yeah
down all the stairs yeah I have flour
I just got flour all over the camera
because I was low on making your calzone
for Charles got flour everywhere there
you go
do you feel a little bit better on a
party now yeah there okay there we go
you wear that hat you enjoy it yeah yeah
unicorn you better link that up
my mom's on skype you Skype over here
hello you look beautiful
your head is so huge I can barely put
this on well apparently I am stop it
stop it that's my joke stop yeah shoot I
forgot oh yeah well hello Internet hey
I'm doing exactly the fan Oh doing that
my phone I'll bet her back well anyway
guys yeah so today it was my birthday I
turned 27 years I am an old man I am
over the hill yeah fine
I just fell out of my chair I think I
was anyway I was just saying how it's an
old man and I just bought on my chair
yeah break my hip broke my hip Zoey okay
well you know what true to the vlogs I
won't be editing this out cause they
talking about old man I almost did it
again well I'm gonna be the lock here
tally must have not walked in when she
was editing early okay can't focus the
last eight years of my life and how ever
since over nineteen I was like
documenting things online on the
internet I was opening up and doing it
myself
and you were like Friendster MySpace you
know all those websites I was
livejournal remember live journal it was
like the original tumblr I was just
thinking about like how time just flies
in eight years flow it flies by two
years from now I'll beat this going to
my 10-year high school reunion
which is should I go what do you guys
think I don't know obviously if we vlog
it it could be kind of interesting
because it'd be one of those like hey I
remember you know what I was trying to
say is that yes the past eight years
I've been doing things online you know
documenting my life online and stuff
like that on some some form up until the
the creation of YouTube and more
specifically up until we started doing
these daily vlogs I never really felt
really connected to a community and like
- honestly guys I the the Facebook the
Twitter the Templar responses is a the
emails the comments in these videos like
I'm trying to read every single one of
them because is so overwhelming in an
amazing way just to read and see how you
know these videos help you or like
affect you or how you guys feel like
you're part of the CTFxC the community
and it just it's really overwhelming I'm
getting so emotional is one of those as
Charles's time of the month to get them
home but no seriously guys what I'm
trying to say I'll wrap it up thank you
guys for being part of the CTFxC thank
you for telling all your friends to come
subscribe and watch our videos it's it's
truly amazing in the past three years
specifically have been even more amazing
than I could ever imagine if you would
ask me like three years ago that
you know I would be doing this I would
have thought you were crazy you know
people say that but I mean now I know
what what they mean when they say those
things so oh yeah guys thank you so much
for everything all the birthday wishes
keep keep spreading the love for the
CTFxC tell all your friends to subscribe
and let's let's keep this going for
another eight years right I mean that
I'm down are you guys down I'm down if
you're down alright well I'm gonna go to
bed ally Melissa and Lauren gotta fly
out tomorrow morning
early at like 5:00 in the morning to go
into New York City for a few days I'm
gonna stay here I have a lot of editing
to do I gotta catch up with a lot of
videos so yeah this week is gonna be
pretty interesting actually I might
actually get to see Statue of Liberty so
you guys will get to see it so alright
I'm gonna go to bed I'll see you guys
tomorrow
thank you good good night
one of those
yes
with child tripping
where
it would be an early
