excuse me was that your camera really
listen this okay okay turn your camera
off yeah we're gonna switch to this one
I kind of three traitors off ready
ok turn your camera off and I got 3 1 2
3 listeners gotta turn it back on here
we sit
this is this normal so you're both so
the audio on this one and the lens on
this one
thank goodness for warranties we're
still getting the peanut butter off this
thing
good morning and this is the other thing
that's happening to it yeah we really
beat the crap out of these things
they're like a month old I think when
people like designed these cameras they
should send them to daily vloggers to
test it out and see how long they last
we really beat the Kremlin the back of
of - alright guys blow exception can't
have my coffee my coffee I was just
looking on Twitter and I would all of a
sudden the I i refresh my Twitter client
and there was like a surge of like 2010
at replies and stuff I guess there was a
earthquake in California I was just
every conversation out there - like
saying how every time I leave California
the second I get home I look at Twitter
and there's an earthquake we just got
home yesterday and there was an
earthquake I'm either bad luck or I'm
able to tell the future in which case we
should go buy lottery tickets right now
the future is rain see if I can do it
again yeah it's right it's right you see
that rain you see it let's just blow
your mind with my mind powers do I blow
your mind
then I your brain is exploding
yeah you better cut the kick of that
rain I just forecasted anyway I collect
forecasts of that rain I made it so I
made it happen
this rain is happening because I saw it
in the future and I said rain sir
every time I do this I think Bioshock
yeah I totally called this one wish I
wouldn't have called it what the heck is
that it's an alien with a small child
inside you always get the boy happy
build toys stupid I know the girl girl
have emo toys are terrible
they're like rocking like thing or a
flower made out of like unicorn puts the
Internet in the face mister man by the
way is the creepiest friggin cookie I've
ever seen yeah hands ampere Oh God the
cookie fell you weren't gonna eat that
where you saved it keep it cookie
here you go I don't think I can remember
the last time I ate McDonald's happy
more cookie
remember why I just tweeted about the
earthquake thing and one person was a
lot of you blacks are saying that it's
because of my giant head California got
really like used to my job I know can
you hear me can do anyone hear me
I really I really got to stop predicting
things Katrina
Catalina Katya that's right one
hurricane goes that spit I'm just what
all with me today
I can't see
he's like I am I'm not going out there I
don't know guys out of my heart it's
raining go go check it out for us
wait wait get on luck why do you put the
child two blocks on in the car
every to unlock it I'm knocking it there
we go
all right see if it's raining sir why is
the inside of your camera wet sorry we
can't replace it and that's what you
shouldn't do with your camera brought to
you by Charles Trippy do we have a li
the card out you can count I want to see
how long it takes me go to the back of
the car to the front of the car I'm
gonna I'm gonna run out how Marlee and
you get a count yeah what's up Marly
dangerous stuff ready
one two three
you can do one Mississippi to this any
wine yeah ready
six was that faster the last time was
that faster
I think it was faster all right now we
just gotta wait out for the stupid rain
abusive I want to show you guys this I
can't remember who showed it to me
originally on Twitter so I apologize you
know Google Maps right has the whole
satellite view thing I just want it I
think we might be on it when we're here
at this Beach okay so let's go in zoom
in that's we're at right now zoom in I
had to switch the Ali's phone because I
had no reception surprise surprise okay
so if you look very closely I will just
actually switch to the screenshot but if
you look really closely I'll switch is
the screenshot look at this okay look
really closely okay now it doesn't this
look like Zoe Marly on the right side
and then Ali's in the water and then I'm
right on the shore is that that looks
like us right it's getting creepy
Google's like want to let me out I want
to talk to Google I want to talk to
Google yeah stop watching me Google who
was watching everywhere when our kids
grow up by the time we have children and
they grow up old enough to sing
Christmas carols they'll be singing like
about how Google is coming to challenge
that leads me to question what do you
guys think about the whole Google Maps
thing is it kind of creepy to you or do
you think I think it's it's creepy but
at the same time it's pretty it's pretty
interesting cuz I could literally Google
whatever I want and then see like kind
of do the Street View and kind of like
virtually travel kind of mixed feelings
about it what do you guys think good or
bad yeah a what do you think I think
it's not very
who are to take private photos of people
there that private
I think it's cool because bear cameras
all over the place it's not just Google
it's a conspiracy
this guy's head just it goes all the way
around what is he not a problem at all
stupid this toy I'm gonna stop talking
like that
trogdor the protector your child this is
awesome
see you enjoy I don't think you can do
it jump over it you don't think so
like we're using your hands no I'll use
my hands no what oh my god
I just did I you put your hands down
I didn't I didn't nobody could make
battle now their hands like nobody this
fence is like five feet tall that's not
true it's like four feet tall but
whatever oh my god
there's a bruise battle scar is that a
bruise did it hurt
that's what you get for you who choking
on some poop
she was just choking on pill barley
you're a poo muncher maybe I'm like up
there here comes all the hair oh that
was hilarious
my lady just really tasty grass it's
time to run some errands loose mushy
holy mackerel dare I say this is a
plethora of towels my OCD is just like
is obsessed with this right now because
my obsessive compulsive disorder is
obsessed with this I will have you know
that everything in my closet is
organized by color and sleeve length
okay wow wow wow okay Wow okay you know
what stop telling me what to view toys
okay I think I just entered the aisle
that is my childhood right now this is
the aisle that is my wife now so
Internet I have taken it upon myself to
take your suggestion and make a tumblr
account actually I went to go to I was
like why is my name taken on tumblr and
I logged in and I just guessed the
password and sure enough I made one like
three years ago and I just completely
forgot about it I don't know what I'm
gonna do with it or anything I'm
probably maybe extra contests or
something like that just to switch it up
some people like Facebook some people
like Twitter some people like Tumblr
that way we'll kind of go all over the
place cuz what's funny is I post a
couple photos already and it's like I
discovered the secret cult like the
secret society that I completely didn't
know about if you want that I'll put it
in the video description I think this is
Charles Trippy on tumblr calm but yeah
just this is for you tumblr folks I
haven't felt like I was ignoring you for
the longest time now I'm not anyway this
is the last time we're gonna be filming
on this camera
gonna get it replaced say bye to
yourself you've been a good camera think
about all the crazy things this camera
this lens has seen so far but it's time
to retire you
so that's tear tear really
you were beeping the entire time you
ruin that emotional moment with beep
boop boop if you guys are curious on
when I actually killed this because I
know a couple people were actually
curious the annotations right here if
you click here to open up in another tab
but that's the exact moment when this
camera died so if you want to relive
that moment it was a beautiful moment
and I will remember I will because of it
I will be able to remember forever
because I'll be able to go back and look
at it so this is this is this camera
signing off one last look
oh poor camera is dying it's dead
alright tell me what it one is less than
knowing that we're gonna hear over and
over again that one that one or this one
which ones listen knowing because one of
those are coming to our house one of
those are coming to make a decision
mm which one which one should we get
Zoey and Marly could try to steal from
Zoey
I like the bear Roderick the bear and
Marley and Joey are going to eat mothers
cuz they're plastic guys they're not
gonna like it this is actually going
good I had it we got a hit from Zoey
you think she'll see it
Zoey and Marley both don't freak out
okay I don't think they'll see it let me
distract you
I have to distract you while he takes it
out she's like holy mackerel
holy mackerel oh I'm sure you sure about
it slash pillow god she's like obsessed
go peepee you're so annoying actually
right now well today right now but I
mean at this hour it is Charles's
birthday he's an old old old man he's 27
everybody wish him a happy birthday
that's about it September 2nd Charles's
birthday so we're gonna hopefully do
some dinner with the fam tomorrow and
then I go to New York thanks for
watching good night everyone
yes
without tripping
