so it's gonna funny
and was thought in everyone
no one home
ergo airplane that is kind of sleeping
in a very awkward position you should be
using this around your neck now
I started a blog like when it's dark but
there's
we're trying to sleep
so we're here and can you tell I'm
starting to realize why they call it the
red eye my eyes completely red oh you
know what this isn't the Sarasota
Airport so we can't go fist bump a
little conquistador goes that was it
Jeremy was a puffer fish name what is
his name ever internet helped us out
what do we name our puffer fish Frank I
don't remember it's too early to thing
but we have to go to DC in a couple days
so we'll go through that airport that
way we can go see everybody hi everybody
you have your little donut oh it's that
now the other will try to find my mom
it should be where she
one thing about my mom she has a South
home but she always forgets it
good morning you know me
oh oh yeah I was just telling them that
you have a cellphone but you never bring
it and guess what you forgot it and I
forgot my mom my mom's a spaz and you
have you guys ever wonder where I get it
from it's pretty much from her oh no no
it's your father oh yeah if you look at
how your dad like manner is oh my gosh
so I don't think I ever want to do the
red eyes again because every time I
can't I can never fall asleep on
airplanes cuz I always do what I did in
school when I would fall asleep in class
works like one of those like Shh any mom
earmuffs yeah where do you kind of me
like this and then you do that hole and
you'd scare yourself like awake and
that's the worst thing to do on an
airplane because if there's a certain
jolt you feel like worse that's
happening on the airplane like that
worst thing is I kept doing it to the
guy next to me I kept bumping into him
and waking him up dude what are you on
your head are you little tennis player
you ready ready
down ok ready ready twirl ready
breakdance quickens oh yes there we go
those are you ready just act really
really super cute that's super cute all
right let's go take a nap I've sewed I
go saying like I did that whole head bob
head weaving thing I'm just gonna pass
out for a little bit so I will I will
see you guys in an hour
oh sorry I forgot this is an air
mattress get her up make sure she gets
up we have to do stuff get our face
gunfire's
idea good afternoon again everyone Oh
before I forget before ever get I wanted
to just tell you guys I know a lot of
people been saying that the microphone I
undesired smiley hair mic I won't blow
on you guys that the microphone on this
camera on the left channel is kind of
goofy and I think what happened because
the microphone is right here like if I
cover this if you hear it I'll go when
we're at the Foo Fighter concert at
Lollapalooza and it rained and I brought
out the camera like an idiot
I think rain the water got into that
channel the microphone so I'm gonna have
to take this back in the next couple
days when we get some time it's not
Ally's camera it's only on this one I
think unless it's the opposite so
actually let's do a test can you hear it
is the left channel speaker working on
this right now
or is it muffled or whatever I'm not
touching anything on top so I just
wanted to let you guys know I'm aware of
the problem I just thought it was kind
of funny because I remember being like
oh I probably shouldn't film when it's
raining and but did it that wasn't a
good catch
whoa oh it's good to be home guys Oh get
someone to come play
don't thank your tail good she's so
funny with this oh oh great night here
rocking on the bass snubbing the bill
Marley are you afraid of it she was just
being so cute with a ball and then as
soon as I freaking turned the camera on
she stops alright see right Switzer
kidding Oh Marley get that ball sucker
headband on ready take it around your
room so boring now when you do that you
- you're boring you're boring
wait don't get so close to the camera
your head is so huge it takes up the
whole frame is that what's up putting in
my face
oh my god I like your face laughing poop
man hey Charles makes fun of me okay do
you guys do this whenever I go to the
bathroom whether or not I pee I always
turned that it was well they're not it's
number one or number two let's say at
the PC way I always turn the fan on
those it brings me out to hear that
girls don't poop
play me a song I will not play you a
song no I will are you doing it right
now it sucks though Sean so for those of
you who didn't know Charles used to play
bass although I'm not sure if that's
true because I've never even heard you
play oh we're tired
it's a slap-happy kind of day you're
nuts
they soon hear that whole Popeye the
Sailor song we just got a phone call
from the bridal shop and they are done
with my bustle and my hand so I'm gonna
go back to New York this weekend how how
much have we traveled this month I think
we've been gone every weekend I've been
gone every weekend we don't need
children because I am currently raising
one his name is Charles Trippy I just
asked you a direct question turn on show
everybody that you're smiling so they
don't spit oh you just abused the
Internet
you just hit the camera
he's not even listening this is what I
deal with every single day he doesn't
listen to a word that I say listen every
time you walk into a door this is what
happens to Charles when he doesn't get
any sleep we're going back to New York
in two days holy mackerel it never ends
three days whatever I like how you
counted on your fingers okay so I told
my mom to look up some stuff that we
could do in New York City while we're
there like Ellis Island or something
cool and I cannot stand how slowly my
own type so I decided to just remove her
from the area so I can do it myself well
we're back at home and to be completely
honest I have no idea what time or date
is it Wednesday or Thursday I think it's
still Wednesday Ali's editing the cinema
club right now I swear I've fallen
asleep I think three times today I've
gone to bed I've woken up I've gone bed
and then I fell asleep again in the
middle of the day which I never do I'm
turning on every light we turn on every
single light in the house so I was
vlogging and I know there was a smudge
there and then I edited some of the vlog
and I noticed that Ali put peanut butter
on the lens so no wonder the cameras
Brooke you breaking the camera putting
the peanut butter on the doll huh who
had the dogs licking the camera because
there's bigger butter on it anyway I
don't know why I just walked into the
bathroom I just feel like there was
better light what's a better light in
there I think that was the first time
we've ever done the redeye and I think
it's going to be the last time because
yeah yeah you know you get home we get
to spend time with all your friends out
and you know wherever you're flying from
but when you come home you were
completely knocked out I said earlier I
can't sleep on the plane so it's like
one of these things were so
I'm just pulling an all-nighter and then
you land and then you time-traveled
three hours ahead and I'm just gonna
ramble I'm not gonna ramble anymore
so yeah I don't know what's this Rachel
fish question mark what does that even
mean you're like how Ali uses our mirror
as a Bolton board essentially that's
this is our scheduling device is the
mirror
oh there's multiple dimensions I don't
know I keep coming into the bathroom
maybe should I just go sit on the toilet
it's just what the the John that the
porcelain potty yeah can you tell him
losing it make sure to check out the
cinema Club video from today it's after
this video Holly's been doing a really
good job she's been editing all those
people she's been getting a lot of CTFxC
years I've actually I'm really I'm
really happy more every like Cinema Club
we do there's more video responses so
that means there's more of you guys make
more videos and getting active on
YouTube which is awesome because I mean
that's that's how I started was doing
video responses so I hope you guys are
having fun with that I'm gonna go to bed
this is the exciting week it's my
birthday my birthday is Friday that's
crazy
I'm turning like 45 and then I think Ali
goes in New York for a wedding dress
then we go to Washington DC and then I
think we might go to Austin Texas and I
think somewhere else in between all that
stuff so the next couple weeks is gonna
be pretty crazy so can i is it okay if I
get some sleep can I do that please
pinky swear I promise the next two weeks
are gonna be pretty crazy please pinky
swear everyone let's pinkie-swear right
now ready yep you just did it you pinky
swore that is legally binding in every
country in the world and state and
proverb and proper I'm going to bed guys
okay thanks love you bye
enjoy the cinema club video there is a
brand belief for four minutes you know
what screw it secret phrase okay thanks
love you bye bye
you
yes
giddy with child tripping
to be an ally
