Cerre you got a giant blue ball all
right hopefully he wants it I would like
to eat the apple please that's my shirt
again at once I have one clean pair of
underwear and one clean shirt and you're
wearing
apples are good products he bit it get
it get really want his Apple please so I
guess it was Greg how long was this
again six months ago we did this video
yes we did a video on anis Ian's channel
where he just yells we're doing a part
two of my gosh look at look I have that
look good oh that's me
I said oh you were in a scary snake yeah
and you can have a scary necklace he's
eating his tail
two more snakes my birthday oh there's a
hair hang on hang on oh so surgeries
some big lips you want oh yeah it was
weird it's like somebody piss in my ass
permanently that's why why they made it
I'm sorry right some very pompous
persons like no one lives on it on it
all the time so what is with these
freaking belly style shirts they're like
everywhere yep like the new style it's
like the freakin 90s is back man do you
remember this like 90 is like
super-short sugars and like mom jeans
that's like the new thing oh god I
really hope the girl opens the door
that's a really cool looking sure but
it's you're gonna can't wear that with
us what school in the mirror though it's
really cool like a bit a little slit
here and it actually matches the pants
in school and besides I really cool but
yeah the frond is just was in Oh next
okay let's go in here
let's go to this place we keep we could
go here an apple an apple a day keeps
Bill Gates away
why you are and Bill Gates why is he sad
man do you have a soft spot for Bill
Gates you know he's really sad dude with
his billions of dollars no you actually
look good welcome welcome to my world
okay hey governor hey governor can I
borrow a piece of bread it's possible
but are you supposed to like exactly
yeah I don't know I don't know what
you're supposed to do I had that same
hat that's that's Charles Trippy circa
2008 to do that I gave that body shape
the paper towel is not you to everyone
tell me what role coach just said do
discuss were you discussing Carmageddon
no I heard about that
I heard of that on Twitter whenever one
from California was complaining about it
so we're heading over to Venice we're
gonna go hang out with the the corals
the shaycarl shaytards then I guess we
fly with him we fly out 11:30 we got to
do a red-eye
suck gonna get into Sedona 77 really
good plans oh and barley though I'm
pretty stoked they're gonna be so
excited it's getting like a toy
we should bring up it away we should
start freaking about toy every single
time is it there that's world enough
he's hugging me and best he can loves
his ally
yes the guys it loves I know you have a
crush on Ally don't you wait Paul she's
my rock guard no no I'm more interested
in this Red Vine no is gonna win but
your shoe on his face what do you
service it hey baby card
we're singing dude Oh singing our
farewells I didn't squeeze it in there
women he's six I got it this looks great
on me now I'll carry this I like it you
killed how many zebras all right so
we're actually super only perfect we go
home we get the red I like I was saying
we got a couple we can get the extra leg
room up stuff it in stuff it in here we
go
zebras been watching Kaazing we did it
we did it
let's see if we can get the extra leg
room again
fingers crossed you can do it these all
look like old school wait
these look like a let's go max don't
they it's an old school max
got everything
now I'm a bit marked up on let's have
fun
it's that fun you guys just got x-rayed
gets feel violated a little bit somebody
out there with the polkadot boxers
pretty embarrassing I wish I could
easier clothes since two years
oh good more it is incredibly not busy
this is doesn't kick your suppose if I
think I'm talking again see dude I
usually don't like it I can sleep on a
plane but for real and is for real yo
for real
for realsies this is the airport blog
because we're gonna be stuck on a plane
we're gonna be here for a while you guys
are gonna get accustomed to LAX what's
that boy is that your california voice
next time we come here we should make
Ali talk like that the entire time we're
in California where we not scratch that
idea that's incredibly annoying
all right I just have to show you this
so we're still waiting it's 11:30 with
sounds now 10:00 and I'm I'm retailing
ally with some amazing you guys remember
Charlie Chaplin this is like my favorite
scene right here is a glob no no I'm
going with this right no I'm going this
way
no I'm gonna punch him no I'm gonna go
this way this way this way this way this
way he's gonna move out of the way watch
out punched I love Charlie Chaplin he's
so funny like it's it's you know what it
is you know what I think I like this
enough we said it is the type of humor
put 100 years ago that I like now I mean
the really dumb kind of college humor
type stuff yeah exactly look at er√§
with the proper words all over YouTube
there's like a bunch of stuff all over
the place all right I'm gonna go watch
some old 100-year old footage see you
want to appreciate film stuff successful
success
good job skills you got some persuasive
skills wait what is it short
see if you're part of the CTX cinema we
just shared a moment right there
feel it feel it internet look into her
mouth what do you guys see do you see it
pretty cool it's clever
you're like Mars Attacks you think good
oh no you bit my finger well I got your
nose we're heading home if he's gonna
close sleep I came out wait miss
Teasdale me my light they give us three
misses those little dudes those little
twerps gotta touch it you invented that
you didn't any good luck I have all the
blankets do you think don't mind if I
think they're playing Zin yeah seriously
for real des this is the coldest air
planet ever been here actually kind of
cool I like it
I rapidly like way colder than like
super hot you know that is like it's
cold you fall asleep
I look cold brother everyone very plain
Ali is already getting ready for bed and
so we landing a few hours
here mano
guess
can you hear me now
Rockabye the airplane
love goes bad I'm certain of mine I will
see you tomorrow morning
baby
with Charlie
