what are you doing hey guys
well you can do it here's Johnny she's
Wanda here's Johnny he's like what what
what well that was a pretty smart of him
actually I'm just gonna sit right here
I'm good you saw my hand you just want
my head are we filming videos guys maybe
I'm checking out a shirt I'm sure it's
pretty snazzy oh I thank you it's
definitely a different atmosphere than
Florida cuz everyone's filming different
areas everyone's in a different room of
the house I know seriously somebody's
doing on you're sleeping no dude oh geez
lava suit and there's wanton destroying
stuff Katie writing stuff what's working
except you you're destroying what you
shut your mouth so we just finished a
little bit of filming with Jack and I
would like to just point out that yet
again he's wearing probably one of the
most phenomenal t-shirts that I've ever
done I thank you encounter it in all my
days I've seen fantastic t-shirts this
is what this is well but yesterday you
had on a Paddy's Pub shirt which was
even better Always Sunny in Philadelphia
show we have never been able to find a
frickin exterior and we're gonna find it
one day I want to go with you when you
do finally free free grab are you
Palestine's do it oh my god oh my god we
could totally do that we can totally do
that you guys don't do that I don't know
that all right what hey trying to film
excuse me I'm vlogging you smell I don't
look men don't look we just want to know
we just want to know exactly where it is
no I'm not letting you get your voice in
not going to get it in men win oh right
that's a beautiful sign right there
show me potato salad I'm gonna give a
dress oh no photo
I'm just looking I'm using as a zoom
well I guess I can't build that so I
took 24 frames per second that's what I
did okay I sometimes forget how like
crazy it is here in LA about like
filming anything today I've got like a
permit for everything I'm so used to
just like taking the camera and filming
hello can they not go the extra 10
degrees to do a complete circle
wah-wah-wah-wah oh maybe it's the oven
temperature nevermind I won't walk
myself but you have a hole give a hole
you have two holes there what do you
think Internet do you like it yes I
think this is a winner
wait let me close the curtains you can
see what it looks like
do you see this ridiculous shirt it's
like a ballet shirt and it was so
completely ridiculous look at what's on
the front of it it's like a little like
cat thing come here be my Twinkies all
right I just thought I was going to find
is the mall directory and under toys and
hobbies it has a Lamborghini shop you
know isn't every mall have a Lamborghini
shop it's normal right I am doing the
luxury
sup Ally what you doing I am a hair
stylist
hey mom we did I am playing baseball
it's my father up there no that's me hi
I'm oh my god Ali what are you doing I
am I'm knitting a sweater I am I have no
idea what they're doing
I just don't kill yourself just in case
I'll be quick with that which one is it
this one right here right away from that
box could you sit hand off that bus
front one congratulations
see now you know what I should have
filmed I should have phoned the tool box
downstairs and said this is the man
version and then filmed this and said
this is the woman version but there's no
right there's more toolbox this is what
we have these are all very necessary for
daily basis yeah every one of these has
used it less twice on it is the for the
operation no go so they're gonna give me
a makeover and I'm a little afraid
because I've never let anyone else do my
makeup in my life beautiful I'm just
disappointed that you did not buy a
kitty shirt well that's really cute I'm
totally worried you're rocking you
you're rocking a little bit but look
leave your eyes closed and look in the
like look how pretty those colors are
Charles yeah
so pretty so guys wait mermaid mermaids
have closed your eyes do you see how
there's like I can't tell you the colors
to surprise but you see how those colors
look like mermaid scales ah that no I
don't see them look like mermaid scales
close your eyes
yeah where's the ball I say where's the
ball
oh yeah you go get over there what goes
over there
what super slo-mo time
are we gonna check out this local place
it's like a microbrew I don't know if
you could read it
all right it's blue dog wait is it even
open oh yeah so thank you good sir wait
I gotta get I gotta get a light on you
guys got to see this like dogs like this
like dog lady house or something like
creepy dog lady household I'm gonna get
this oh you got a flashlight it's even
better just yeah even creepier if it was
all cats isn't it oh wait
actually wait we have that toy dude yeah
I play with it every night every night
say are quite social oh it is there's no
YouTube though the shiny I'm gonna blind
you guys we haven't seen you forever
it's a video it's not a photo I got like
a goblet over here wait give a goblet I
know I was shot I just feel like blind
ever play Jack what's going on okay
blinding everyone by knowing light hi I
feel like Little John right here where
I'm talked to this I need to talk to
this gentleman I'm sorry this is the I
Poe channel then in the nation genes
dude it's like really uh it's kind of
like Simpsons meets like the Futurama
needs to be a cave I'm begging it though
internet what movie does this remind you
of what are you editing you're watching
you fall again put it back you gotta
watch you fall again five four three two
one
she's done and I like oh you're like
serenading everyone down there I mean I
am just trying to Robespierre we're
making jack try steel reserved for the
first time all you college students you
know what I'm talking about it's
terrible isn't it and Bobby's just
chillin over there I'll give it a shot
do it a wine glass
we're just gonna have like three minutes
of Jack playing right now where's this
copy written
you
I just had pain went straight about
ourselves short now she's taking me in
court
that's real conversation for your ass
let me just hand and with the streets
can a with the streets
Basia
yes
