goodbye tiny elevator we will see you
next time maybe I don't know all right Q
intro
this is like my favorite elevator of all
times hi hi Mac assignment again as many
is
wait a second
our in Korea this is a Koreatown right
I've actually been little Korea
in LA I would always call years just on
bourbon man oh I was like looking at all
the signs I'm just like wait a minute
we're sorry yeah vers le how that were
you doing oh sorry your face huh hello
audience have you met me I think last
time when we film dr. jean day so we're
getting ready to shoot a video for ruin
the internet and one for our Channel
this is all you're gonna get that's all
they get what what a teaser oh wow
chicks out ready it's so cool music you
guys are musicians right yeah long hey
joe buck 60 100 i'll be here i'll bring
back you click actually don't ever come
here without me buddy here I pull record
player eyes yeah if you want to make you
walk around and like just kind of people
looking for something
go is it cool my throw up here okay
you're making friends you should know
alright so we're filming some skits to
that that's why you haven't seen me very
much we've been we've been organizing
everything it's a very good bark collar
do they have a standard yeah damage
sandwich chicken sounds like lately Lady
Mary got Denver hey isn't is just me
first
I
got a mini adventure by myself I'm on a
quest to get milkshakes for everybody
which is really just me cuz nobody else
wants but maybe of their modern ovens
modern I also kind of scale just to just
to be totally clear foreclosure you
don't want to go out with us yeah I had
to buy this yeah reefer club the girl
was a slave of marijuana yet was she
holy bad no it's funny so diversity this
interesting name yeah I really miss
Trish mcgillin but that's disgusting so
I'm not diversity for I always believe
that we need it and like more of a heart
than anywhere you're not no I am I don't
believe in things like clothing an idea
is desert wolf yeah what evening has
gotten a lot like it's amazing it's our
fertility rate
I don't even know it's so weird because
I was like oh this would be great it's
not you know make it is like power he
had to be harmed oh it open your arms
are always open to new ideas what you
guys you know I just think it's amazing
that you guys love pretty because their
arms are always open to new ideas like
you oh my god yours in there and it's
really good though that real dog oh my
big lens it's crazy that's what I about
America's by the way it's evil is it but
I get crazy sometimes everybody's like
oh my god you had me his own purpose i
whistled for a cab and when it came near
the license plate said fresh and dice
and anything I could say this tab is
where Bob now forget Johann stuff who's
really good you ready yeah it's based
off of loosely based on something that
will smith try but i will say Refn's an
audition and performing you guys okay
and not all say i'm going to do a local
sound effects to poconos smile you're a
smelly camera really
voce what are you doing why are you
doing oh not saying anything again
that's right right that was this run
this is strong on the beer I need your
char to get my struggle this is char of
the beer so what he is doing where's
shaggy my straw working ok title of a
straw from this beer working ok we lost
this draw on the beer so we're getting
this drive the most raw that's a nice
good so take us tickets to tonight's
local news Wow on tonight's news van was
a strong in beer also children in africa
are starving also no bones about the
children ever accept a shack but what's
up with a straw in the beer will bring
you back for more and add your tips 28
it's too late it's too late you can't do
the straw out of beer never you get back
to me it's already do you should shake
my strong wait wait wait i'm just gonna
keep rolling on this you guys are golden
are you putting your bidding for you in
the beer no my other every finger has a
band aid of confused alright so we just
finished the first the first skit that
we have to do in this trip and now we're
heading over to film Lindsey's go meet
up with everyone okay so Bridget there's
probably one of the funniest actresses
I've ever seen in my entire she was a
girl with a ukulele
that's right
so we're heading over there now we got
one more skip to do tomorrow and now
it's just a kind of a open a book party
time run a cab we'll get there soon
said SOS the care number mr. one time
where xasan rookie Oh derriere is
there's half of them hey buddies Oh Joe
I am filming wanton is taken over
rookies toys get it runs growling really
loud i know i miss sewing marley a lot
of choices ray that's way too many
choices going crazy and I'm like what I
also know mark dude i did with already
know me Bell dinging cheesecake oh my
gosh that one oh that cheapskate looks
awesome really good that blue velvet
cake yeah was blue will you get blue and
I get ready brain explosion this is
scariest bathroom I've ever been in my
life that's blue that's red blue velvet
blue oh my god and read what what's the
difference you have to try I feel like
you both are having like this like crazy
experience mr. wanton is like freaking
out right now he's just like I want a
cupcake no I want a piece of cake I just
want everything
yeah I'd ever get out porcupine in the
car somewhere I don't know I you want to
look how I love it I just want to make
sure it's in the car just was my door
locked when you got in here dude I hope
something so might like my phone because
it takes photos of people if they tried
unlocking the door is serious now do an
accord about 36 there's nothing Oh find
my iphone now I do it I do it through
I'm open me yeah but yeah how you gonna
find your iPhone you can tomorrow be
here for your phones i connected to that
i don't know i didn't think this part 3
i'm surprised how calm you are I figured
you'd be more freaked out no actually
I'll be our finest ya le definitely be
more freaked out I just I I feel like
the day that he was wrong with his life
but I guess I guess your phone's not
that important to you know it's it's
because I know it's here that all rights
to me somebody else's place and i'll be
able to find it oh that's cool iphone
not even gonna cry about it I know I
thought you all your other guy at all
you haven't no man tears she's a couple
man tears don't like this like I was
like water date what are guys camping
ran tears I can't break me okay who has
it you're not the unprintable I don't
have it Steve from Encino has it y ou
twitpic his face later who's Steve from
Mussina the internet like literally if
you steal my phone I can take a photo of
your face your GPS location and anything
you do on my phone do you blog your car
no one knows what your car looks like
right what are they gonna do with Johnny
doesn't make vlogs I'm Tony drives this
car gonna steal this house hey the brand
new show
dude dude dude it's little you're like
oh no think you've always just fell in
it's like oh no okay that's enough of
this what I literally fall in but I just
want to say good night I will see you
guys tomorrow I'm sorry today was kind
of all very kid-friendly good disease
thing I just said we're here I would
really want to get a lot of skin stuff
for the Charles Trippy jail because what
I'm here I just get really inspired so
expect a lot of behind-the-scenes stuff
tomorrow should be cooler here for
another couple days every one of the
east coast north east coast no because
we're all safe I know because in here
what I'm saying right now oh I know the
earthquake earthquake no that honor game
is up hitting last night and right now
so I hope you guys are all safe and your
power and you can watch this blog and
see that I'm saying oh so I suppose a
good night guys I will see you tomorrow
the secret phrase is
I better see lots and lots of in the
comments right down there a busy lively
the senior is ray anyway cuz he has
tomorrow good night
see what you did
hardly wait
worthy yet sexy
giddy with child tripping
where's with chakra p
don't forget to a more
you
