you want to see what she's been doing
look at this she's so cute she got my
entire outfit already I know thank you
you did a great job ironing I hate
ironing alright let's go get some food
I'm hungry
what are you watching Callie's a sucker
nerd so I'm not sure if you guys can see
that but at some nubes Anubis right
there which is like you know guardian of
death or helper of death get ya and he's
just on somebody's house overlooking
right here la just oh maybe L is doing I
wouldn't talk nobody keeps recording
like silently without her even knowing
tree but all right oh sorry oh this is
does that mean hey a crutch for this
thing I'll see you later inappropriate
and breaux bridge thumbs up for
appropriateness oh you're going down I'm
sorry this is so inappropriate let it
kick you in the dick hey dick kick ok
whole thing we need to get out of this
hotel since we're so close ally ally
wanted to go back to the getty center
because we didn't get to go very long
Sally's favorite place in the world
world but a lie to Tran no it's fine
this has a maximum occupancy of 30 right
how big it is how it was a I want to
find eight youtubers and pack them in
their secrets bossy oh it's my favorite
hallway but I got yelled at last time
with sliding around what do it
your squeak on quick quickly hot let's
break clock that's 300 years old he's a
thief and hey over here all right make
sure not to squeak anymore oh my god its
ancestor you see the resemblance I went
down here to check out escape the
internet which bastard down here in the
business center and I was baffled about
and I had to show Ali about the stuff
people download on this computer and
they will delete for example is here
there's a there's a payroll department
like peoples like Social Security
numbers passes to Universal okay it's so
crazy so if you ever use public's eye
still just steals with it overthrow old
no seriously guys the best advice I
could give you is don't do anything
personal on a public computer wait wait
go back out of that it's ridiculous
what's on here what is this is divorce
settlement oh my god it is this is this
is like this is sitting in the house
this is well wow this is like division
of property see oh my you can I do
personal stuff on a public computer guys
they don't do it do not do it worst part
is it's sitting right here on the
desktop of the computer that's kind of a
cool shot fired say getting all fancy oh
hey Gibson Benny lips whoa phone call
you guys want to see what I'm wearing
that's what I'm wearing right there can
you see it and then BAM I didn't want to
buy you know dress shoes I'd rather buy
brand new chucks look at this I arrived
to the wedding with a car full of
hotties
oh my god I'm gonna be the snazziest guy
here except Joe Joe be definitely more
sassy than I will he's allowed two he's
getting there I think we're in the right
place and look at all snazzy worse I
don't even know where Alan what Sally I
don't cool little scenario Moni though
it's really brave the ponds like right
over there now the lily pads look great
they had a realization of something over
there what collective oh oh oh well
thank you for that not always so the
anticipation you've never coordinator Oh
Ali's finding the coordinator over there
Joey walking that way give yet to see
the bride which is good she's still hard
and he was both there goes more music so
where does there's challenge
they're the boys there are the girls
cry so I was ever worried about wearing
my sneakers billion dang we can do it
hey I know I was day pulled up I wasn't
aware i can't do the Hat though i was i
could I told my wife I won't get the
beard though I brought the beer that
looks really good it's really pretty
over the water I want a belly flop right
in there where we sit now you are
sitting oh these smell really nice
that's me that's me high-speed kind of
flying up thank you Peter how about you
infirmities so we're going to find out
where we're sitting oh man where do we
go everybody get up on their feet
wonderful everyone's just waving band
and there we go inappropriate locker
room dancing oh god you're taking my
lady see if the lipstick comes off no
min beso dead right there okay now back
up a little bit Wow what why is it mine
laughing that's is if you Pendragon
usually late house that's Seth Rogen
this wedding is great too there we go
there was a man and a woman and they
kissed it was sweet haha I can do it
actually really really really good the
lemon gelato
Italian in me just look we got it on the
lens you guys ready for moustache cam
moustache cam logstash fear that's way
too much awesomeness right there I know
I have to cut it right now I'm sorry
much so much off here to go like this
you got a big enough to the right I
don't like sums where they tell you what
to do I don't like this job real oh this
is like that 1982 organ right now don't
try Spanish yeah do this is so much fun
Joe and Sarah taraka hey some roses do
you want to move will I don't want your
roses what we just got you some roses
it's cuz i love you just take my rosy
actually part of a game released oh man
okay yeah he's got something right now
oh hey guys so I know we didn't film
very much but as you can expect it was a
very very intimate like engagement close
friends of ours Joe as you guys know
this mystery guitar man and Sarah yeah
they got married today and it was a it
was an amazing thing it was a really
cool because they've been close friends
of ours for a while I've known Joe
literally one of the first people i've
ever met on youtube was actually with
joe and we actually shared a hotel at
seven seven seven so i was that was like
forever ago it was an amazing um it was
an amazing thing to see them together
like that and it was a great ceremony
was beautiful I didn't want to film a
lot to be on
because I felt like this was their day
you know what I mean I feel like this is
something that they need to upload and
they need to do whatever they want with
the footage you know this was their
moment I I felt like kind of I didn't
want to be I didn't want to intrude on
that you know what you mean so I I
apologize guys today's a little bit
short on the vlog but I have I can make
it up to you at the end of this video I
go a little bit insane with our movie
review of the crow you guys are watching
our blogs I made Ali put makeup all over
my face I had that as a bonus video as
kind of like a hey guys please don't be
mad at me and that should be the secret
phrase today they're like hey Charles
I'm not mad at you uh I like the crow
too is that that could be the secret
phrase sentence I guess I don't know no
but like seriously it was it was a
beautiful ceremony I'm honored to be a
part of it and it they're very loud more
cycle did you guys hear that anyway you
know I don't want to ramble too much but
you know they're great people very very
great friends and you know I wish them
the best so you guys go say the CTFxC
says good luck and have a wonderful life
together Joe and Sarah because you know
they're great people and it's I'm
honored to be out here so yeah I guess I
should get some sleep because we have to
shoot tomorrow morning and Sunday
morning and I guess we leave a Monday I
don't even know look at my phone but my
phone is dead and i have no idea it's
like if my brain was dead that's what's
happening to my phone we should have
like two secret phrases the other secret
phrase would be like nintendo 64
controller you are confusing us with
your crazy not Nintendo 64 ness yeah
that was that was a long one that was a
very long secret phrase for today so I
say good night I hope you guys have a
great day oh we enjoyed this video and
I'll see you tomorrow so thank you for
understanding enjoy the bonus video for
tonight I made it up for you on way it's
crazy makeup good night guys bye hey
guys don't forget to check out the very
next episode of CTFxC Emma on
youtube.com slash alley as you can
probably tell from this episode
would Charles have not assessed with am
NOT Hades losses for knowing tonight I'm
not losing my mind yeah you kind of are
all right whatever is still fun click
right here to check out the video and
enjoy guys don't try that at home no do
it do it at home scare your parents
don't do it enjoy so you guys thanks for
watching
wait
hey where's easy a text
with y'all tripping
interested in Harry don't forget
you
