you're my big workhorse Chara I need a
big stone me I just don't want to
well are you guys ready at least we're
still getting ready and I turn around
the dogs are standing by the door just
like can we go alright you still got
that stupid little patch on your side
missing don't ya good job I'm starting
to discover that the most difficult
thing to do in the automobile is
Photoshop especially it's Photoshop
somebody out of the photo your fingers
are just like this constantly aw crap
I've got my mouth my mouth like I just
trailed off oh yeah I think it's about
time I get my nails done oh yeah look
how cute that is the lady just made a
Hello Kitty male that's so cute
so Marley was standing at the door
looking out longingly at the water and I
asked her what she wanted and then I let
her outside and this is what happened
shakey yeah this is my private float you
are not allowed huh
she loves my dad as soon as we pulled up
into the driveway she started she jumped
and hit her head on the roof of the car
because she saw my dad it was like odd
you knocked me over man here you go hi
every time I get ready to leave I always
want to spend as much time as I possibly
can playing with the dogs I always feel
really bad they have fun here you know
Holly's parents house but I mean I just
I feel bad always leaving them get it or
not I much rather just lay in this grass
stick my nose try to find some poop got
a hand it to him though remember we were
putting this grass or helping them put
in all the grass looks looks really good
but I just say freely but if I did
that's weird
Marley come back here ooh
this looks fun I was on the phone
I hear thou thud that may or may not
have been right yeah I was have a
competition before we leave we have to
leave in like 20 minutes
let's have a bow and arrow competition
you know yes it's like I'm gonna stay
inside don't really want to get hit with
an arrow
watch out guys whoops
don't hit the camera good oh my god
let's do this in slow motion
you
promotion narrow time you guys like that
it's pretty cool what are you guys doing
uh-oh mark is like I do not want to come
by
no thank you I'm gonna be right here now
Oh ready yes
bullseye ah not even close
Lucy head to there alright see if I can
do it oh wait she gave you by the
archery range Marley come over here you
got a split the arrow oh I heard take
two there we go alright be good girls
I'll see you soon
okay bye go go go go hurry
Oh Oh easy traffic get us there quicker
okay don't you have like a time travel
button isn't that the one in the center
what is that
that's my flashers oh okay that really
funny I've been talking you sounded like
very New Yorker they're flashers there's
some words that I say and I'm like
the viewers pointed out to me and
they're like oh my gosh where's that
from
so all you guys watching Melissa's
channel I didn't know she has her own
channel what is this is this is this
true we're actually on time we're
actually on time
they're blurry yes yes thanks it wrote
exit row exit row get it er do you
accept accept good job like rim like
party legroom bits and I got my toes
done so it'll be a paid like that so now
Charles gets to do some pole dancing
it's harder than it looks
it's harder strippers I have
appreciation though
strippers are really strong I don't know
that from personal experience I just got
a feeling that they are
I think Dean Patel at my Rehan security
attention
liquids gels and aerosols example well
this time we beat the plane big time
why can't we board you alleys editing
one of the videos for the Cinema Club
and I'm just like looking at this
because there's the ladies thing right
over there and she keeps looking over
our shoulder and she's like giving
giving me the weird stare like heck is
she doing on their computer getting some
creepy stares
I wonder why I'm probably all alone on
this but every time I see the American
plugs that are quote unquote upside down
it just bothers me so much I mean that's
technically I guess it works either way
but I just this thing should be at the
bottom oh there's me I'm just like ah I
know it's stupid right that's what
happens when there's a delay a flight
delay I get bored and I get cranky
No
don't hit anyone oh it's someone's
coming
I can't not
what was that what fail there we go
Mallard he got on the plane she beat me
doesn't look like she got too far right
there can I sit by you and a one and two
and a one two three done done and done
and I was feeding up about the mosh pit
mosh pit
wait a second here something
but on the way
there we go now I can see you
much wider
Alys work at me
hear that that means we're here they
actually did a lot more overs at New
York was the terminal in New York or LA
bad big was internet help me out this is
the perfect time when we use the blogs
out to look at the UH and when it's out
hotel I'm gonna have to look it up but I
use the blogs there's reference points
whatever gets something goes la I used
to put on out of it there's only two
options
wait wait fit is this the closet are we
gonna Punk
that's and could you're out there maybe
jay-z is following us this is hands down
the smallest elevator I've ever been
this is not for classic phobic people
that's very sorry but people eight eight
people fitness and the famous words of
Joey Lawrence whoa this is the biggest
hotel room I think I've ever stayed in
get all the lights on this is as big as
our apartment
oh yeah well Wow good job booking this
one this is cheap too oh no and look at
all the spiders ok the spiders man I
know I'm if the bumblebee you're scaring
Ally you're about to witness history
since we're actually able to do this
you're gonna do a running bed test ok I
can go all the way over here geez
alright ready three two want a better
belly flop you better swan dive go
you guys able to get a screenshot of
that you want to do another one you can
you think you can do better okay okay go
for it
good job
all right I'm hungry Oh hungry I always
love when they do this when they convert
the Nintendo 64 controllers into like a
TV remote wait how do they do this
because it even says Nintendo on it be
good ingest please be good please be
good that's slow very very slow as long
as it has at least that for upload
please please please PLEASE okay we can
at least get the vlogs up to you guys in
time that's not bad
really you turned it up to like vol 2
that's not a party and this is about the
time where we get kicked out of our nice
little room that you found
it really kicked out hey Oh Joe Joe Joe
Joe Joe Joe all right I'm gonna go
venture off I was uh I was dying for
some water and somebody will wander
around think up with a thing I'm gonna
get like die I walk around Sunset
Boulevard I think I'll be okay right
all right this is a bit creepy not gonna
lie on that one little freaked out I
know big baby and we made it where is
this place
seven six five four made it success two
convenience store food yummy Moo ha ha
ha beat the system so one bottle of
water here was like 12 or 15 dollars I
just got two giant gallons of water a
pita sandwich a Snickers bar and some
tea for 15 though 16 bucks totally beat
the system on that one I just actually
just reminded me when I used to travel
with my band when we would go on tour
and stuff like that on the rare
occurrence is that we would actually get
a hotel I would basically take ice from
the ice chest and I just like take
because it usually hotels give you kind
of like a hairdryer and I would sit
there for like 20 minutes melting all
the ice with a hairdryer and there you
go
you have free water you beat the system
again traveling on a budget with Charles
Trippy well that's a square bush and I
made it alive
you tired never get used to that time
traveling all right you want to see my
victory here's my victory I'm using the
refrigerator so it seems a double
victory this is the water I got for $4
and this is what they were charging 15
totally some little things in life guys
it's the tiny little things the little
victories that keep you going actually
that should be the secret phrase for the
night it's the little things in life
that could be the secret phrase in the
comments you feel better now I got food
she got a little Snickers bar we're
gonna go to bed early so smart day we're
going to a wedding we're going to a big
wedding tomorrow
I'm really excited it's a nice excuse to
get all dressed up in fancy schmancy and
all that cool stuff anyway so I will see
you guys tomorrow I give you guys my
secret phrase and the only thing left to
do now is say good night so I'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
