sure I just wanted to play this to you
so much tough life Zoe you can't make a
decision on which toy to play with I'm
just gonna stay here and maybe one will
just kind of fall in my mouth that's so
goofy
Charles bring me some yogurt so I can
test it and make sure there's enough
bacteria I work for the National yogurt
Association that would be awesome
all right I'm a mission trying to find
Zoe Marly a stick to play with at the
beach we leave tomorrow we felt kind of
guilty oh this might work that good no
brakes so we're gonna let the dogs have
a little dog day I don't want to go down
there crocosaurus might eat me Oh
which by the way we just watched that
movie it's on the cinema club on Ally's
channel today Oh awesome
it was oh is that a fish
it is cut that fish walk on land so
today has been a very slow day I think
I'm blaming it on the clam juice
yesterday I know I know I was like
honestly those disgusting okay aside
from Zoi licking my mouth
Lesley the most disgusting thing I've
ever done in my entire life I was not
yesterday's video if you have no idea
what I'm talking about
remember that clam juice that I found
well I tried to do a shot of it in the
second that hit my tongue it was just
like not happening I was not kidding
guys that is the grossest thing I've
ever done in my entire life
this hoisters in general just layering
clams just grossed me out because
they're like the filters of the ocean
like like every time I see somebody eat
them I'm just like ah fish poop anyway
still recovering from a really kind of
messed up my stomach I wonder if I'm
like allergic to shellfish or something
I thought it'd be a really funny prank
don't leak hey everyone we're doing like
lemon shots right now and then just
watch somebody's like allergic to
shellfish and it just like keels over
little crab mutton we can find a crab
hey clams I drank your juice it sounds
terrible look at it anybody crab go this
way come on crab
feel tiny it is that's my finger
hi tiny crab who will get it get him are
steal it
oh boy I don't know she looks pretty
excited I don't know if she can carry
that she looks pretty excited holy
mackerel it's a big old stick that's a
tree pick up the trees Oh like I don't
really I don't really know how to do
this she wants mowing get it my okay
this is always second try she wants it
here so hey she got it
that reminds me of the very first video
I ever uploaded on YouTube it was a
my very first video on the Charles
Trippy channel is Zoe Marley sighs
pulling a stick this big I'll put an
annotation you can click right here or
are this hunting for crabs hey crab
hunter let's go
hey Ally you better hope megashark isn't
real
Oh Ruffy you have a pretty sweet beard
playing the musical automated service
game the devil right Poochie you're
despicable
you're very nice Marley say hi no I'm
gonna maintain my 3 feet distance please
I think a storm is coming
I got a package you want to sniff it I'm
so nerdy but I'm so excited
got a new hard drive I know it's how I
get excited by hard drives
holy crap and speaking of nerdiness the
Steve Jobs resigned as CEO of Apple the
only thing that I was thinking of was
that I really hope his health didn't
like take a turn for the worst because I
mean that's that's big new what do you
guys think what do you think is gonna
happen to Apple now I know I know
totally Apple fanboy but this I'm
serious like Apple what like you're not
they do influence a lot pop culture I
mean they also make pretty awesome
computers you know I mean the iPhone the
phone industry I don't know the music
industry with the iPod you're getting
the crocosaurus megashark yeah getting
all done all right don't mind me I'm
just gonna put another hard drive in
here there we go I have two four six
eight and it's a three so I have 11
terabytes of hard drive space in this
baby now ah HD footage kills my computer
what are you looking at wedding stuff
toasteen toasteen what does it was the
toasting flu
a champagne glass yeah that you toast
with on your wedding band EBU dagdu
wedding stuff has got to make a killing
it's like no you need this special knife
it's the only knife in the world that
can cut this cake come on don't kick me
Marley no come here
come right here right here right here
come in right not using me in the
kickstand right here hey he's leaking a
bratty mood today was kind of a slow day
only because they're trying to get
everything taken care of I just found
out our tentative schedule for the next
couple weeks gonna LA now we'll be out
there for I don't know 30th 31st a few
days and then we come back home
immediately after coming back home we go
to New York City for a couple more days
and I think we're gonna actually be up
there for my birthday I'm not really
sure we're trying to figure that out we
fly back out to Washington DC because
we're going to go to the Virgin Mobile
free fest so if any CTFxC is that free
fest hopefully we'll what kind of spot
you and then great after that there's a
tentative thing that we might be in
Texas so gonna be an exciting busy next
couple days so today was kind of our
regroup regroup so we don't go insane
day but even though today's a little bit
of a shorter vlog don't worry I have an
extra video for you today since today's
Thursday we had the CT FX cinema and
today is a good one because I made
everybody in the movie club watch Mega
Shark first crocosaurus the video
responses at the end of the video are
hilarious cuz they're basically Charles
I hate you why did you make us watch it
was funny it was funny so at the end of
this they'll be a reminder so go check
that out if you're not part of the movie
club join its it's easy it's super easy
peasy pudding pie I feel like I'm like
drunk I'm like what's up guys I'm just
like paste
back and forth hey how's it going next
couple weeks is gonna be pretty busy so
I'm excited so I will see you guys
tomorrow
oh we need a secret phrase Ali you come
up with a secret phrase what should it
be toasting flutes are dumb is our
secret phrase name all right yes I gotta
go to bed I got it I got it you live
then I gotta go to bed I'll see you
tomorrow good night already guys like I
said we watched megashark first
crocosaurus and no I have no idea how I
convinced Ali let me watch this movie
for the movie club I think it was
because Steve Urkel's in there okay
there's mr. crocosaurus now I hear if
you don't watch the video who eat your
first right down let's see practice all
right anyway it's on Ali's channel
youtube.com/ Sasha Ali I'll see you guys
tomorrow
enjoy
yeah
giddy with y'all trippin
in early
