so because they're so freaking hot last
night we just took the couch apart what
are you doing and just made a bed the
bedroom was way too freakin hot right
gotta go
don't put the couch together you can hot
idea see ya right there though getcha
getcha getcha getcha alright so we came
over to Kate and Tom's do this just a
little safer than our backyard
I think there's 12 and 1,000 from this
guy I cut it out and did the whole thing
so we'll see
I think I want to be closer to him I'm a
little bit nervous yeah cover with your
hand babe it works like 8 percent of the
time let me dig around take to the
letter that works
yeah they'll split actually this one in
late some of them didn't light I really
thought that would be so much more
exciting the gingerbread house
definitely blew up how cool that is
amazing
so no joke the only place they can get
power is from a convertor in my car so I
have to edit and upload the vlog from my
car because if you look over there and I
think you can see it but right there
they're still working on the generator
with transformer Oh
okay so yesterday you know what exploded
before everything if you had no idea
what I'm talking about today just go
watch this video last night this morning
when they were messing with it they had
this giant pole I think I showed you
guys but they had this giant pole and
every time they would touch something it
would explode again so there that one
time I showed you guys I got up so quick
they looked at the window there was
smoke everywhere I tried to grab the
camera time but I obviously didn't
yea scare the crap out of two more times
so I don't know what they're doing
it said lot yesterday then we're going
to power at 8:00 then ninth and tenth
and 11:30 then 1 a.m. and 5 a.m. then 8
a.m. now it is 2 p.m. and I can't wait
that long for that because I flog up so
I'm just going to add it in here
actually kind of nice it's pretty nicer
than it wasn't how inside the house so
hot I'm not even kidding last night I
got a towel put water and cold water on
it drain their water and put it on my
frickin body which right here my face I
no joke
I took a frozen bag of cherries and put
it on my face too
I'm so hot it's miserable get through it
and hopefully it's back online for Wi-Fi
situation is killing me but if it's not
we're getting a hotel
I'm not doing that again or making
progress the one on the right brand new
one on the left looks still pretty
exploded turning into a hilarious crappy
adventure
let's get new stuff look at
okay you have that first that second yes
no champion our power is now back first
thing we do is elevate well head work
it's like so funny because we thought
it's going to be on yesterday we were
about to go to the other house because
at least I don't want to work yesterday
the vlog got up super late obviously we
could have Wi-Fi or path or power and
all dead stuff
yeah our phone my phone is charging
recharging phone computer died
everything died because well actually I
don't know if this cameras gonna die
we're now recharging everything to start
the day which is kind of nice
I'm gonna be hating up this match what
is some seal off that this is going to
plot all your impurities in my hair a
beard here you're beautiful preface
guitar it's turtle Oh what could be a
rock she gets more enjoyment of this
weird stuff anyone I know my face is
peeling if they're doing that face isn't
that bad does that be a lot worse I
could've put a thicker layer in there
last few days of course you guys have
noticed we've been really really busy
kind of all over the place you know go
go go today Ali and I wanted this to
take some time to ourselves and just you
know kind of hang out now that we have
air conditioning - it's kind of funny
we're outside a lot more weirdoes it
works out but we decided just to go hang
out with dogs if they take some walks
and just kind of hang out together
because it's been a busy couple days oh
and by the way so I tried to get rid of
that cake both the cake I have a plan B
I'm going to try that a little bit later
it's got a bunch of stuff in your paw
like I do not like that like you think
there were some Cheetos he's like I
don't think so Zoe vision
our division Oh No
look what you've done Marley when are
you going to do it well I think I need
water he was mother Marley's being the
responsible one for one big mother of
God
G home can't come up your LLL clean this
whole car again
hey where you going can't come up here I
just want that air conditioning just
need the air just a little bit oh okay
this is great is that like this like
three minutes earlier we like that
though ma hiding in the mist or the
jungle over there
but more back we are going to try to
blow up this cake this morning we had
some troubles with it didn't really work
but now we think we know see how big big
that's that okay
tom is going to help me would take two
because we saw that pathetic
I don't even want to say it can't it was
just pathetic a little bit the Wafi part
we're going to get this cake to explode
by the end of this video I think we're
going to do it buttercream
some of it yeah good yeah always about
the umbrella you can just catch them the
umbrella
what are you so here's the aftermath
typically do much put a little uh no
said I don't really know what you call
that just like ash on their Kuwait
cherry well I think I don't know you
know did don't think you need a classic
for it
now I just wanted to call you obvious I
don't really uncomfortable anyone misses
I was the only ones memory this might
actually work tom is not going anywhere
the professional idiot professional
idiot well he's no seams are ripping me
apart storm is coming putting that
underneath it why would you put your
underneath it so it gets stuck
underneath it I thought the whole point
was to have a cake blow up but I guess
that the cake on top I'm going to do it
on top and the reason why these are
website not yeah fine actually gotcha
gotcha well if that cake just pops right
into the water and I've been waiting all
of us draw like this is so sad anybody
one-piece cake yeah kanya that was
beautiful there's nothing wrong with it
you have a finger so you just you know
my favorite part of the cake is this
part huh this is my favorite part of
cake
nope that part it's going to go you're
eating the cake off of a firework thank
you seriously man sharing is caring what
I've been drink I think I'm really right
behind you I don't know if it's gonna
work come on
well we're going to try you could be
like the newest Mythbusters well it's
not really a million
I would cut all the width all the ends
of the wick to make them exactly even
video-thumb
way to go tom I'm so disappointed about
earlier you have to run like hell like
you like literally honey you cannot stop
you have to run I'm very nervous about
this what I think it we wanted to do I
don't know but it makes me very nervous
like please promise me you'll run try
I'm going to stay back
holy crap
few things go very far
easy cleanup okay you can plug your fake
yeah that blew up for sports oh okay
we're in the tank you might help I'm
good I am but you're right things on
fire
should we get some marshmallows and ice
norske now he's gonna do it again
I'm sure oh you're gonna do it again no
you all right deal no okay and don't do
it going hey you want to try it no yeah
my woman then don't do it please please
okay
I'm just helping you
what I'm satisfied then we did it off
now you going to clean up everything see
mr. dolphin Wow there is yes you're
missing the dolphin you enjoyed that
buttercream cake buddy I literally just
said al dolphin oh I think he likes my
cake
hey bad day bed
norville with me
okay your cat wants to go with me okay
I've got a cat in the bag Oh Baby Ruth
Oh No you're sue the cat like I'll fake
the sky look big
I'll even fake her after sex well guys I
will see you tomorrow
holy God I just looked at my hair I was
out in public like this
I'm so pumped we actually did it we blew
up the cake took two times what we
actually did it so check that off the
bucket list or things that we've done in
the vlog because something weird that
we've done in the blog basically because
I'm starting to feel like it's 3,000
days we pretty much have done everything
in the vlog I mean today prove that we
didn't so that's what's nice about doing
these you push yourself you find
something stupid fun unique to the
videos and you do blowing up a cake
haven't ever done that in 3,000 days and
we did don't forget to subscribe guys to
brand-new and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always I don't know I'm
trying something new is that good bye
guys
you
