an earthquake just in New York and a
hurricane is coming for Florida crap
hi-oh internets yeah so we just the slew
of tweets and we just call Justin and
Wyatt and apparently a little 10 second
was 10 to 12 second hurric hurt
earthquake in New York City that's
pretty easy I've never heard of that
earthquake in New York I think it was
the whole northeast of the United States
was either kind of crazy to us I always
thought they were on the west coast
interesting learn something new and
apparently I guess this Hurricane Irene
is coming for the east coast of Florida
but we're going to California in the
next couple days so hopefully we'll miss
that whole thing and they'll discuss
kind of dip down and go away
natural disasters by the way I'm gonna
go get a haircut cuz I look like a scrub
you're like you driving you got some
sparkly balls it's so huge just in case
you want to pepper spray somebody in
style that's funny to find yourself up
jogging shopping traveling alone really
really bad date and then there's an
asterisk in at the bottom it says not an
actual suggestion dude check out charlie
dave get up i should be whatever babe
you wanna wear that for the wedding I
should wear the wedding not too bad your
bag and a white top hat oh yeah my bag
it would match hello Phaedra how are you
good are you sitting here reading my
trashy magazine while I wait for my help
me to get his hair cut it's so funny
reading these magazines like I was
actually just telling them you know like
there's all this magazines like star and
people I read them cuz they're
entertaining but they always say like
look at this adorable outfit and it's
like the ugliest thing I've ever seen
that's right and it's not gossip cuz I
don't know them it looks good baby
thank you I'm gonna do my hair for the
wedding
oh that's creepy your face is like right
there wait wait okay hold on yeah go up
it won't show all those I was hoping we
could put like your hair or its hair on
it your hair looks good now though you
should wear it like this for the wedding
down yeah what do you guys think should
Ali have her hair down or should she
have her hair up and her wedding dress I
think it should be down do you see the
rain on the other side of the overpass
no we're barely raining barely raining
and raining harder I love it when you
can see your brain coming at you I
remember one distinct memory as a kid
with my mom called me to come home
literally called this was before phones
she just went outside the door it was
like a small neighborhood so she just
yelled and you can hear it
uh-huh you can't really do that anymore
everyone just have cell phones anyway
she called it called me to come home and
I was out of my friend's house and I was
like okay I gotta go guys and it started
raining I'm like oh crap I got a you
know beat the rain so I'm running and
it's not raining in front of me and I'm
outrunning the rain I look behind me
it's like pouring like literally like
monsoon pouring and in front of me is
like the sunshine
rainbows happiness may be a leprechaun a
unicorn one of the coolest things that
really sticks with me as a kid because I
was I was outrunning rain I felt like I
felt like evil t1000 was chasing me or
something it was just it was so random
they're new you're just talking so we're
waiting for our comeback I'm getting my
oil change on the drive maleeni at the
place is like you always have the
greatest spandex on the spandex is so
weird
it's actually nylon Hey
let me tickle the gas pedal feel like
I'm gonna pull out my hair even more
than Phaedra cut like you know you every
one of those days where you just have so
much going on you can't like focus so
it's kind of what's happening to me
right now it's just like I have so much
going on I'm trying to organize behind
the scenes stuff what the woman in the
car in front of us is pulling herself in
like business moving like this how she
driving she's got one of those magic
cars yeah that's how I kind of feel
right now there's so much is going on we
leave for LA in two days see that that's
what happens when it'll pay attention to
it
what Marley what do you wanna do I know
that is illegal
why do you always want to do illegal
activities god you're a jerk
isn't she I'm in a class in like three
weeks because we've been traveling so
much and this is the first time that
I've been able to go back and that was
probably the hardest class I've ever
taken remember how I was talking about
the fact that the semi little noises
scare me when I pulled next to us in my
truck I just jumped at my own windshield
wipers it's sprinkling right now she's
being so weird she's like if I don't
move the rain won't get me don't move it
won't get me every time I get stressed I
just like get in the car put the dogs in
the back and just like put the windows
down and just go for a nice calm drive
put some explosions in the sky and just
kind of drive it's pretty I've done that
ever since I got my license when I was
16 it was just like a very calming very
soothing type of thing because there's
not a lot of traffic in Florida
especially at night everyone goes to bed
all the old people fall asleep but I've
noticed it's kind of like my failsafe my
safety net every time I feel a little
bit overwhelmed just it's I don't know
what it is about driving it's just so
soothing this is why Zoey likes the
late-night drives she gets to stick her
head out the window like this oh I
forgot the film when I got back in my
car I forgot my oil change I was
laughing so I don't know why didn't film
it I was laughing so hard because the
the seat my seat okay I'm gonna show you
how far back my seat whoever was driving
my car I just want to show you this I'm
not exaggerating when I got in the car
it was this far back it was like this
whoever was driving my car was riding
dirty no doubt what is that
get it get it you got to go through the
gauntlet go this way
let's try not to get wet dudes Jeff
dramatic music okay so I think I win the
idiot of the Year award I just want to
buy a gas for my car that is now almost
completely out of gas I don't have my
wallet again what what is my problem
woman I am like I have lost my mind or I
am currently losing my mind
also I feel bad this has pretty much
just been entirely a ally in the collar
day for vlogging I've literally been
running errands all day long had to go
to the gym and now I'm running more
errands which I can't do without my
wallet so now I'm going out the gym I
thought I deserve some more of this it's
like magic some ladies or tell them jeez
how much cologne is is that you that's
stinky
do I have to do this yes so he helped
him out all right help him though so a
couple weeks ago you guys might remember
that I made a bet with Ally
that she wouldn't drink clam juice for
$50 I was reading the comments and those
like a week ago it was Italy ego and
that was like two days ago it was
yesterday so I was reading the comments
in that day and since that day everyone
was saying that if I was so like like
macho then I could bet Ali to do this
for $50 why couldn't I do it for free
free to that I say Internet you're on I
don't back down so we got you imagine
your face is magic
I wanna take a shot of clam juice but
sing myself out it makes this pretend
like this is lemon juice lemon juice
it looks like lemon juice flavor but
clam shit for those who have been
following for the past three years you
might remember that I
hate seafood I'm gonna do this at my
Canadians shot glass I'm gonna secret
you Canada it's for you Canada and Cody
at Best Buy for reminding me that I
should do this disgusting it sealed whoa
what have you gotten your sit here
Internet smell it oh oh that was really
bad I was not expecting that I was
expecting lemon juice because I'm
psyching myself out we're gonna do this
I don't know why but peer pressure
growing up I thought peer pressure in
high school and middle school was bad
but wait until you work for the internet
timeout for Zoey drinking water Zoey
okay we're good now
I don't even want to watch this review
finder oh you're so good you are gonna
hurl everywhere at least and I am gonna
relish this oh I will I will double this
and give you $100 if you do this now
absolutely not what is the ingredients
in this is clam Joanne's essence of clam
clam essentially this exact limit
so it's clam juice and salt why do you
need to even be any saltier if you just
do it your de let the magic come on you
didn't even get don't don't don't even
show that that's vomit I could even do
it that is hands down the worst thing
I've ever done in my life don't even
show welcome to jackass you're like
crying cause you're puking it's always
trying to bring me an alligator did she
try to bring the carcass over yeah she's
like Danny I'm sorry you know you don't
feel well oh okay you're drooling I'm
gonna throw up stop it
this is the worst thing I've ever done
in my life
what's that around my kids in that mouth
I don't know why I'm dumping this why
would anyone you use it when you make
like seafood dishes and stuff what you
use it to add to seafood dishes like to
make them more seafood seafood
like I'm not kidding that is like I
don't recommend anyone don't do that
that is like the worst thing I almost
puked watching you do it I'm dead
serious that is the worst thing I've
ever done in my entire life like
instantly had hit my tongue and I was
like like the second it hit my tongue
was like no I want another burrito
okay Internet if you don't like this
video I'm going to come to every one of
your houses and I'm gonna make you tick
I'm gonna make you chug clam juice you
better be clicking at the favorites and
liking this video right oh I see
Johnny Becky Randolph are we done here
yeah we're done Riggins I got watch it
about now
I'm gonna internet this is what this is
the image that you get to go to bed -
what's up hope I'd rather have you
walking about that was still for you I'm
dead since this is where our guys
with trippy
don't forget so anymore
