don't stop let's go you take forever
you look pretty today
yeah another day of waiting for Ali set
like right on my pie
oh god water oh I saved it
oh I totally saved it oh I just threw my
back out well that's right did I save it
I think I did whew
not another face plant again get out of
the mud
a little dick she's ran through the mud
he's gonna be pissed
she just ran to the post office to drop
off a bunch of merch and I was like you
know it's gonna rain so I should let
them run around get some energy out
she's like don't get low get dirty I'm
like I won't I promise I tried this is
my camera that I tried it was accidental
this is what I swan dive didn't last
time that's disgusting the green I guess
there's a hurricane on its way
Florida right now in the East Coast or
something thank you for being a good
girl thank you I really appreciate it
she's over there rolling and I don't
even know what she's rolling in but
she's gonna pay you're gonna pay dog
didn't care is this scaring you yeah I
think that's what's happening the
thunders scaring her
Oh totally off topic though when I was
out in LA last time we shot a video
where I played a blind and deaf guy
remember I was wearing that weird shirt
and I posted like on Twitter that hang
in there poster has a little cat anyway
I'll put a link in the sub bar but I
shot a video out there with some friends
of mine out in LA where I play a deaf
blind astronaut so if you want to go
check that out I'll put that in the
video description below so go show with
some love oh my god I almost just
stepped in that what is wrong with me
today
just so you know I'm very angry at you
very angry but not surprised so it is
the official first vote up just kidding
the official first day of school for a
lot of people and I see school buses
driving down this road which is weird
because I've never seen that
because we moved in a summer anyway also
I don't be told you guys this but we're
going to be leaving for LA again in like
three days
so we're gonna go visit some more other
YouTube friends snap my rear view mirror
fell off again I feel like an idiot but
every single time I'm next to a
semi-truck and it does that little like
pressure release or whatever the hell it
is and it just that little Shh I jump
every single time I don't think I mean I
guess I have a pretty jumpy person but I
don't think that I'm not easily scared I
guess I am feel like such an idiot my
favorite store the prop store
bling-bling
you want to hear a random story about
the little mermaid that her body is
based loosely on Alyssa Milano when she
was younger
isn't that weird so Alyssa Milano was a
fish busted
I've ought to be bad so I think I have
officially seen everything we were just
at the store and I do you tried to
return an open box of condoms hey what
kind of I guess I don't know I think
that is the strangest thing I've ever
seen it what is okay I'm gonna ask you
guys cuz you're the Internet and you
guys have seen obviously a lot stranger
things what is the strangest thing
you've ever seen somebody either buy at
a store or return to a store I think
returning might be funnier because it's
that awkward moment where you have to
you know originally by the thing but
then you have to decide you take it home
and it's not what you want you have to
return it and explain why the guy who
just pulled up next to us had fixed
holes in this car with packing tape
check out what we got something we got
some makeup got some white face makeup
you get some black liner and then we got
Ali
we got Ali a sexy nurse costume you can
you can model that later
Ali's sexy nurse costume it's really
funny how them costumes I already told
you guys that last year I just think
they're so funny busted
okay Ally make me look like that can you
do it you look look look beautiful you
look up look down look up good besides
hey it's your eyeball so you want white
cream makeup in your eyes and look do
what you're doing
seriously I love you you're so beautiful
today
what so you guys might be wondering why
I'm putting on a bunch of makeup well
I've given it a lot of thought and I'm
thinking about joining the Juggalos and
I feel like that's where my calling
needs to be and I'm just testing it out
and what do you think about that awesome
so the lowboy life it's ICP right yes I
can't believe they're still around
that's crazy I remember them in like 8
great if they don't went out there's
like me if anyone's messing with
somebody else's eye and makes their eye
twitch at least why so serious
yeah I had to do it at least once
is this gonna come off yeah he's
creepier cuz he goes black contact can
you guys hear this let me see your wrist
Guinea hey that's a black loud ticking
see when you ask a lady new makeup for
you and you're just like doing really
quick you know just we need to do is
really fast
you know 30 minutes later she's just now
starting the eyes cuz she's a
perfectionist with these eyes it was
eyes termination determination if you
move and mess up on which has to do
every day yeah look at me I'm from Good
Charlotte lifestyle of the rich and
famous the little bit of baby
innovated money is not a problem
why don't we look up wait what color are
your eyes
one two three
you have three colors in your eyeball
Wow look a little perfectionist am I in
your way
am I in your way now I'm gonna make
Charles let me put eyeliner on his
waterline for those of you who know what
that is it's gonna be really funny those
of you you don't just watch what are you
doing I'm gonna fix your eyeliner hold
this no yeah hold it I think I'm pretty
good right now
no pull it you like this this is how we
do movie reviews okay you look up don't
do this again
what are you doing no what do you need
to look at and don't move
what the hell are you doing to me
evil I don't like that and I like that
it feels weird and it kind of irritates
my eyeball
marlis your breed justified now that you
finally caught a rat you little rat
terrier I kind of just want to walk
around all day like this hey Marley how
are you doing
did I just I scared you down this is
gonna be the hardest part I want to try
to get I was trying to take this off
without getting all over my shirt okay
I'm gonna put you guys here okay this is
gonna work I can't vlog and do this I'll
just see you guys with a clean face back
to normal Charles Marley hair Marley
hair your hair I really got to stop
blowing on you guys it's okay
a couple weeks ago somebody I replied to
school website it was like called like
snail mail my email like org ComNet I
don't remember what it was what you do
is you write an email to this address
and somebody like partners all over the
world would hand write a letter to
whoever you want it they would
transcribe your email and you can
include like a little doodle or whatever
and we just got it the person who wrote
for us was all the way the UAE a United
Arab Emirates so this is the letter
somebody transcribed for
and they get a little doodle they gave
me a little Fedora which by the way is
perfect timing because in today's CT FX
innama Club we did shutter island' Al
and I were wearing fedoras I'll remind
you at the end of this video but that's
good timing I just thought it was kind
of a cool concept you know what I mean
like because I don't honestly remember
writing a handheld lehand held a
handwritten letter putting a stamp on it
first licking the stamp that was always
really hard for me to get over with and
then actually mailing it and then
waiting two weeks for somebody to get it
or a few days and then sending it back
coming back to the whole thing you're
like oh and when we're older you know
it's gonna be so weird but there's kids
growing up now that I've never probably
written a letter this could actually be
a fun little experiment if you're
watching this video right now and you've
never hand written a scent like snail
mailed a letter waited for it and then
got a response through snail mail you've
never done that tell us in the comments
that's why I actually want to see you
because I think eventually it's just
gonna be phased out cuz you know email
is just so easy and so quick it's
fascinating technology is crazy crazy
money do you have mega shark and
crocosaurus over there and squirrels are
good girl music and I'm trying to snap
my fingers using my left hand and I'm
coming to the realization I can only
snap fingers on my right hand and out my
left
let's keeps keep the game going in the
comments today tell me a random fact
about yourself that most people don't
know be a CTFxC sharing time it's always
a learning experience it pisses me off
that I can't do that I mean I guess I
can just lay that over here
oh you bring me you brought oh you
brought me Mega Shark hey those are
people's shirts Zoe I think that's okay
they like I want to put hair on it so I
just told the internet a random fact
about me how I can't snap fingers on my
left hand side what what is a random
fact about you something random you can
wiggle yours
yeah that's weird
I'd even aware that your flaring you
know hey do you guys feel closer it's
Tuesday and that means come and watch a
movie with us on the CG effects in uh I
promise we'll get better with it this
anyway click here check out today is CG
effects cinema enjoy I'll see you guys
tomorrow good night
Mark Ruffalo and Ben Kingsley and then
for leading ladies we've got Michelle
Williams
holy Lord where and for Tricia Clarkson
who I love
yes
with trippy
Harry
