hey Ally did we buy anything at
Albertsons did we buy anything at
Albertsons today we even left the house
identity theft
yay
ah crap you're gonna love that when your
credit card number gets stolen yeah that
would have been bad it's like honey did
you go to big schlong calm and order
something or it's like it's like one of
those like did you go to hot fantasies
date.com
that would have been kind of awkward all
right well let's let's correct my
identity has this ever happen to you
guys like you know we get your like
credit card or your bank or something
stolen and then somebody poses at you as
you it's good met modern and like in the
modern world that they you know you're
not liable for new that stuff I mean
it's only happened to me like once
before but socks it's weird right
identity reinstated that wasn't too bad
but sucks well the video just went live
now we can go run some errands and get
some stuff I got to get some props for
one of the movie clubs that we're gonna
be doing we just watched it it's such a
bad movie come on old lady so Ali has a
hurt wrist a hurt knee I hurt me and I
hurt back and a hurt shoulder Ali Ali's
falling apart
she's seriously just falling apart let's
go you have to keep tail today is one of
those pirate days where you just walk
around with one eye open because it's so
freaking hot coulda broke my glasses
wait yeah the end should be over here
we're in Europe
what is this it's like a microbe
all right oh my gosh - hello pandas Ali
these are what we were talking about the
other day this is a little prop for the
cinema club it's popcorn I'm gonna put
something else in there and defy it prop
its prop corn I like that you're so
clever I walk by a lead - stops and
she's like wow little girls dream we're
trying to find a prop for the Mega Shark
and crocosaur video and can you guess
what we're trying to helicopters oh who
is that oh it's a dinosaur
no big deal it's a scary dinosaur we
have way too much fun in the toy section
deal with your tail flip this is the
coolest like oh it's connects Lego and
connects okay I'm afraid this is like
what toys are gonna be like in the
future that's so creepy just looking at
the toy you know I'm not paying
attention then did I was a complete
failure
so trick the kid in the thinking of the
toy but you're really putting in my
leash also I really they've talked a lot
about babies in the past couple of days
we're not having a baby so don't worry I
adopted one oh I forgot the little
amount of the box where did you find
this shark at a toy store it was just so
massive no it's not down that way I have
no idea where to go it's like finding a
shark in out toy store alligator hello
my name is crocosaurus and I'm
girlfriend I won't eat you
hi oh I want to put him in slow motion
what is that oh you're gonna be way too
much 10,000 points no stopping ma'am
ma'am no stopping ma'am
no stop keep moving thank you ma'am I
think they were trying to write Ivy back
I think they're trying to oh maybe not
maybe not maybe it isn't that Terminator
quote look at you look rafidhi artist
over there what
does this not look like an iPad exactly
like that does that look like it so I'm
looking at this awesome
we have
okay
honey he's really tired right
watch this brat because the grass is all
wet because it just rained look come on
I'm on the grass I don't want to pull
you come on come on look at her she's
coma
dude come on mark please dude you have
to go pee
that's brattiness right there I'm sorry
do you not have your shoes is that
what's going on
so this is probably gonna be one of
those embarrassing moments that I always
have but alright hopefully somebody can
relate you know like when you eat a chip
just like a random chip and you're
chewing the chip right just a potato
chip then all of a sudden it breaks in
your mouth like it's supposed to because
you're chewing it so then you're just
like chewing it then there's one little
piece one tiny little piece of just
right up into your roof of your mouth
your chip eating experience it's forever
ruined at least for the next two days
please internet make me feel a little
bit better I'm not a complete idiot
right this happens to other people and
now we play everyone's new favorite game
Zoe and Marlee catch a piece of cheese
at super slow-motion I'm just waiting to
see what they do
and that's it for this episode of Zoe
and Marley catch a piece of cheese in
super slow motion join us next time I
just did something pretty funny I had
one of those handheld baskets and I
ended up getting a big one and getting
more than I bargained for I ended up
with more than I thought
now I'm looking for something very
special
let's see if I can find it don't
remember where it was like clam juice
for Charles
this is a pretty good bet I feel like
it's probably here
duck sauce General Tso's teriyaki tahini
oh oh yeah I went to Publix and I got a
ton of food and standing in line and
like a moron I look in my purse I don't
have my wallet I cannot believe that I
did that I never leave my wallet at home
and I did it today when I had a ton of
groceries and this poor woman behind me
was waiting but the guy was super nice
and he helped me
it's so embarrassing so Ali's at the
store right now and then when she comes
back I'm gonna make us some delicious
delicious dinner but no I just want to
say you guys the the this whole CTFxC
cinema is freaking awesome because it's
like okay Ali was like you want to go to
the grocery store with me I'm like honey
I can't I have to do research I have to
find a bunch of movies that we can all
watch so it's like this like legitimate
excuse that I now have to be like no I
have to sit here and watch movies I've
been doing my research so we were trying
to think of some fun ways we can like
make the the CTFxC cinema like more
interactive obviously we're having the
video responses we're selecting movies
you guys are selecting telling us in the
comments which by the way let us know
any movies in the comments but I was
thinking maybe down the road we can have
like a bunch of our friends like group
sessions like when we're in New York we
can have like Justin and wide and stuff
like that or I was thinking like maybe
doing like a live show just a couple
days or something like that before the
one of the CTX cinemas go live with that
can be fun that way you guys can watch
it if we can go okay on a count of three
one two three press play and we can
watch it together I thought it'd be kind
of cool and just a thought I don't know
I thought it'd be kinda cool one of the
coolest things that I've been noticing
actually is that people are starting to
make more videos on YouTube to make
video responses to be in the videos and
I think that's phenomenal but when I
started making videos on YouTube I
wasn't just like creating skits or
anything like that I was making video
responses to bigger videos on YouTube
and I want to show you guys this website
I found this blog just totally randomly
I can find it if you're following on
Twitter you probably have already seen
this but it's this website right and it
compares August 2007 top 100 to what the
100 now in 2011 alright so YouTube
flashback top 100 2007 and I'm just
gonna scroll right through this this is
the top 100 see if you guys can
recognize any names so many people are
actually still making videos going down
back it up back it up how do I get out
there we go going down going down oh
there I am I was number 32 with 28,000
this is what's crazy right here 148
thousand with Smosh that was number one
going down
there's SMP films there's okay this is a
crazy when there's sxephil right there
there's Bret recognizing it there's
nulls isn't this crazy like look at his
numbers
the guy who I'll put a link to this
article but the guy who did this out arm
this blog post made a really awesome
point is that back then I even remember
seeing these numbers and be like what
Smosh 140,000 I'll never reach that you
only mean and it was funny is like if
you don't recognize any of these people
in the top 100 now it's probably cuz
they just gave up that just shows you
that you know you should never give up
with what you're doing because like for
example YouTube it changes like it that
x like 20 million not really that would
be an insane amount but you don't I mean
like it just completely changed and you
never know where it's gonna go so you
should never give up if you're having
fun doing what you like you know keep
doing it because you never know where
it's gonna go like keep going till you
hit the wall and then just like Hulk
smash through the wall oh there's
another one see there's mystery guitar
man 13,000 subscribers at number 96 so
it's just kind of like I just wanted to
show you guys that hopefully it's like
motivation to like keep making videos
and keep doing if you really like making
videos if you're the type of person who
just likes watching them you know that's
totally cool I'm not saying you guys
have to do this but I'm just for those
people who are kind of discouraged on
YouTube and thinking like it's it's like
a monopoly it's not it changes all the
time and that's coming full circle back
to the CT FX Cinema Club that's it's
kind of cool I like that's what I like
because you guys are getting motivated
again so keep it up if you had no idea
that we were doing a movie club I'll put
all the information down there in the
video description as well we have a cool
little deal that we're going with
Netflix Netflix calm
CTFxC and you get like a free month
trial where you can stream all these
movies from like all the stuff like your
computer and all blah blah blabbity so
what you bring home oh are you kidding
me ah you get you get you get awesome
peanuts nice do I have to do this
I like I'm smelling on top as if it
smells
No
I can have it you can whoa pinch pinch
pinch pinch what's that got it okay so
today's secret phrase cookie thieves for
the win I'll see you guys tomorrow good
night
baby
giddy with trippy
with Gianelli don't forget
