it's never a good way to start today
when you burn the first pancake sigh
is that how you dominate Zoey you just
take her pillows it's been one of these
crappy days look at this look how
disgusting it is outside she's gloomy
gloomy Gus Skye Scott at the sky sad I
love when Zoey just looks out the window
like this oh she's perfect excuse you
excuse you
oh yeah early morning mail time make the
Sun come out make it come out
your wipers are stuck your car is we
need to get Ally a new car down oh darn
you curbside pickup darn you old man so
here's a funny embarrassing story two
days ago I was in the shower and we had
this kind of soap it's like the
spearmint II all-natural or get what's
called dr. dot yeah and it's like this
lather ease soap it's actually pretty
cool I was using the lather thingy and I
was wiping my face I was washing my face
and you know every time like every once
in a while you have to do one of those
like you just like have to take a deep
breath for some reason like if you ever
like have you ever like been to a
situation where you just like feel like
you're out of breath and you just gotta
go like a deep breath no funny story -
after this okay anyway I was in the
shower and that happened and I it was
all lathering around my mouth and I
inhaled a whole bunch of soap past two
days I'd just been coughing so okay
coming back I don't know if I ever told
you guys this but when I was in eighth
grade I believe it was I had like a
bottom retainer I was actually why my
teeth were messed up this is actually
the story about why my teeth at the
bottom are messed up I had braces right
and then when I got my braces taken off
I had a butt like a bottom retainer like
in the back I was eating corn and me
being the intelligent individual I am I
was like yeah this is dead this is
serious
pulled a tack out of the the wall and I
proceeded to use that as a toothpick
right so I put it in my mouth as I was
on the computer I was typing on AIM do
you guys remember aim I feel he's a long
story so I'm a fan so I was typing on it
was sitting my mouth and I had to do
that same thing where I had to take a
deep breath and guess what happened
thumbtack went oh and I swallowed a
thumbtack and I think I've mentioned
this before but the x-rays so I went
into the emergency room and all the
nurses laughed at me all the doctors
laughed at me and I got to see the
x-rays over a five here minute period of
time you can see the thumbtack going all
over my body those okay they were so
cool I'm not kidding they were so cool
somebody stole them
a hospital there were that epic I wish I
would have died sucks but so I was kind
of a long-winded story oh yes so the
bottom retainer because of that my
orthodontist took that out of the back
of my teeth and hence that's what
happened to my teeth so don't really
know how that all started but I don't I
guess I started off at point a and I end
up point Z I don't even know how that
happens oh we seven part yet
really does that many people I always
gonna go crazy in a second you're a fire
it's like pouring down rain and there's
no parking it's not raining at all chug
chug chug chug chug chug chug sipping
Ally's dipping her sample of tea
oh we should get that one that was cool
I really want to put you in there right
now manatee okay there's a guy playing
these giant helicopters over here I
wonder what would happen if I just went
and snapped it on there no you don't get
my cookie this is the second day you're
trying to steal my cookies look in there
a double doozy is waiting to be
destroyed by me again cookie thief
forgive me oh my god is that a monster
whoa yes okay this is hilarious hot girl
on the right is flying a helicopter and
guy on the left is stuck at like a shoe
cleaning stand and he's probably like
then it's how my sister compete with a
giant helicopter not hot girl guys like
torture you have a hot girl flies really
close to you it's like torture you have
a hot girl flying a helicopter and then
you have to sit there and watch yep you
can't fly it and you can't make any
sales you're not a hot girl and you
don't have a it's on iTunes yeah I do
it's just it's just a blur she's here
for poor little dude sit and down he's
active anyone won't meet you shine the
shoes have a midnight coat I'm not even
wearing real shoes
you notice every time I try to make you
like film something to where I could be
potentially creepy I always give the
camera to Ali Macaulay film the hot girl
with a helicopter now you want to go to
Disney Store ridiculous but every time I
feel like I through the creepy guy with
the camera I'm always like a Lee film
and then she put the camera right now oh
yeah I'm going into a little kid store
when I was a kid it was like polyester
and crappy and now it's like glitter
fabulous with like a real freaking Ruby
that's real Ruby I think it might be
worth it just to buy that I always play
the guessing game how much do you think
that is I'd say $34.99 realistically 50
what's that what is it oh oh I was I was
okay wait wait no I was right i won
$39.99 Price is Right rules
you want that now I could wear that
those are so funky I feel like you can
kick somebody and like really damaged
their shin it's like a weapon you should
register those what do you think
Internet I don't know they're kind of
clunky I feel like if anyone can pull it
off though it'd probably be you it's
okay yeah she's like a clown are you
ready for some baseball that looks like
football
you're not catchers thank you no it's
actually for baseball like you can put
it on I'll show you
I don't remember I think it's for
younger kids yeah
real men don't wear wear if you hit it
everybody else gets to attack you with
bats
yeah well it's guy death ball
it's called face ball mad wrong I don't
think two people are gonna fit in there
okay now how are three people are
supposed to fit in there false
advertising hello so Ally forgot she
brought pickles pickles forever she went
to go run and get pickles blower wins
rally you might as well just take this
time I actually wanted to talk to you
guys there's been a lot of talks in the
comments not to address all the trolls
and stuff like that but because I
remember being like this let me explain
I've noticed on YouTube in general that
there's been a lot of concern with
youtubers doing sponsorships or having
ads or endorsements so I kind of wanted
to talk about the whole sellout thing on
YouTube because I've seen this all over
YouTube and not because it's like it
offends me or anything like that but
because I actually remember being young
and not really understanding it and okay
so coming around YouTube is our job this
is what we do for a living and I love it
I cherish it this I'm the luckiest
person in the world to be able to do
this every day but it is our job I mean
we have
we have car insurance health insurance
all that stuff and this is our job this
is how we pay for that for us personally
we only ever accept a sponsorship or an
endorsement or a product placement or
anything like that if we honestly truly
believe in it or use it and we think
it's something you guys would like then
somebody's alarms going off coming
around to the whole Netflix thing that
we're currently doing with the movie
club yes I mean that is a sponsorship
I'm being completely out front that is
we're sponsored by Netflix for the movie
club we're not doing it just for like
money or anything like that we actually
genuinely like Netflix I've been paying
for Netflix for three half years I've
been using Netflix we watch it every
single day we watch TV shows and all
that stuff that there's a reason why we
you know use them I remember as a kid
like remembering when my first my
favorite band of all time signed to a
major label the first thing I thought
was like all their sellout and it took
me until I was older to realize the
reason why they have to sign to a major
label is so they can have the funds to
continue what they're doing you know
what I mean that's it's not really
selling out selling out in my opinion is
when you have no control of what you're
saying you're you're doing it strictly
for the money you don't care what
product you're talking about if you are
doing something because you like it you
use it you think it's fun I feel like
that's it's just you know making a
living I hope you guys understand that I
really want to always be upfront with
you and we've told you guys this before
it's always for something that we truly
like we wouldn't tell we wouldn't sell
you guys something that we think is
garbage I know a lot of you guys get
this and stuff the reason why we do
these things and accept these things is
so we can continue making videos for you
guys we love it and we love interacting
with you guys and talking with you guys
and seeing your comments every single
day look giddy you guys be stuff what is
there something that you guys want okay
Marley you're wasted man a bag bag big
bag big bag arms up
Marley okay
this is Zoey's though stop Mar this is
okay Marley ready run out kick
roundhouse kick what a spaz we got a
twirl twirl there we go
you enjoying that that delicious you're
wearing your new shoes yeah yeah you new
shoes I though are you enjoying that
over there okay Bissell's was snaps too
vicious one of the other no you're just
transplanting them and are you gonna
actually eat an ice cube oh my god it's
a miracle Marley actually ate one oh
wait no she didn't she spit it out Zoey
oh oh do you have to go potty I am NOT
gonna take you to go poo because I'm
gonna eat my chicken sandwich and then I
will follow and we'll both go poo I've
really got to stop rhyming it's terrible
isn't it it's it's hurting your ears dog
you're nuts
what are you doing wait wait it could be
like Cinderella does the shoe fit
doesn't know it doesn't fit just look at
this scene
okay what are you doing up there and
what are you doing over there and what
are you doing over there
do you like boxes now payback would be
at the h.t.t.h if Charles cared that I
was filming him in the shower huh my
name is what I met charlie what that's
all for today thank you for watching
don't forget to click the little likey
like button down there and subscribe if
you haven't already oh wait before I go
secret phrase is Charles is like gangsta
and you can write that Li ke TL y ke
kind of however you
yes
giddy with child tripping
to be an ally don't forget
