Joey do you love the Internet do you
love your daddy what about if you think
about pooping everywhere how about if
you think about your mommy
you know you look like you look like you
have pudding face how about if you think
about eating all the cheese in the world
oh yeah good morning CTFxC
why am i holding this you have to get up
to something here
then I get in trouble oh and you go yeah
Ali gets thrown in jail for shoplifting
right what are we doing here oh go for
walking right now Ali's very yellow
today isn't she
oh thank you really
just one hand out towel you're gonna get
two of them oh we should get a free lid
cover at the toilet I'm gonna pee on it
just to spite you
oh I wonder if they have that you know
like the buzz light your toy story fail
is like a sippy cup it's uh oh it's like
this yeah it actually it looks like this
that's definitely a toy FL
think part one of the biggest ones
they're losers and gentlemen Ally speed
alright we're gonna see how quick it's
gonna take Ali to write that little
thing from here to here so in the
comments say how many seconds do you
think is I'm gonna say 26 seconds what
your tassels mean faster okay ready
ready your mark get set go
I know that was way faster we had it we
had a racecar fan his ponytail Rock so
do guys guess right helmet how many
seconds was that I don't I don't have
the timer oh no you gotta keep going
it's not focusing
it's almost felt away this kind of feels
like deja vu when we got kicked out last
time back-to-school supplies how's it
feel never to have to go back to school
awesome Ally woke up Monday and she's
like wait I don't have to go to school
I do not have to go to tell a fee or
anywhere else just hurts more it's great
feeling is it how do you like that what
is it why is that here ah didn't that
became a rolling but this little kid was
looking at the transformer DVDs and I
won't have a ally demonstrate what he
was doing
that's how it was as I was selecting
which movie to buy I don't think that
ever goes away
I just think that you have to have the
enough guts and confidence to keep doing
it culturally that's the word condition
thing which you can totally do whatever
you want but it's like I would so
immature
gotta do it you should always have fun
what's that fun back it up back it up
back it up back it up back it up back it
up back it up back it up cuz my dad atop
the good and I'm packing up backing up
back in the back you know
back it up back it up back it up good my
daddy taught me good oh I should have
taken Zoe's advice she easier hiding it
was just storming and lightning and
thunder and scariness
that's why she's freaking out I should
have I should have taken her advice and
turned the computer down because I just
found out apparently because the
computer is shut down my little APC
battery backup unit back there was
always but you know what's supposed to
let you turn the computer down without
losing anything just shut down I lost I
just finished editing the cinema Club
episode 1 Spaceballs that's gonna go
live well it's live now but it's
supposed to go live Saturday which is
now for you guys lost it it was
completely done I just spent like a
couple hours like messing around with
all the tweet and tweaking the edits and
stuff and I lost it
so today Charles is going to go get a
new battery backup unit I just don't
know which one's good do you guys know
of any good ones I can't have that
happen again that I was freaking I found
it I found it guys but Oh scary
I know how you feel dude I know how you
feel so I turn around and I see this
piranha how did you get in there I think
she wants to go for a trip or something
do you want to go to somebody's house
you want us to mail you you can go visit
Marly on tour help you and drop you on
your face here I'll help you I'm gonna
do some modification on my helicopter
because I wouldn't okay Dennis broke his
the back little thing here and I noticed
it it's spun around and did 360s off
faster so I think I'm gonna do some oh
look at this
okay I was gonna do a video where I was
sifting your Goldschlager
all you older people probably know about
while youngins it's just a dolt
apple juice all the adults you know what
I'm talking about it's pretty good right
I actually sifted a bunch of the gold
out and I did some research in the gold
in Goldschlager is actually real gold I
can't remember how much it's worth but
it's like like five bucks or something I
just thought it was kind of funny I was
gonna do a skit where like you know like
the economy's go crap and then I iced it
out gold from Goldschlager but it's
actually more money to buy the ghost if
it wasn't done dumb skit that's why I
never did it but I saw the gold that's
pretty funny this is my it's my toolbox
I guess so
it's like dangerous there's like just
screwdrivers just I'll stab myself in
the face with it
hello hallo try to find one of those
tiny tiny screwdrivers
got it oh it's a big so she said Zoe
knows how bad you are with tools she
runs it hide well leave my side she
keeps following me every time I go over
there to print something every time I
come over here to get a shirt she comes
over me come on Zoe I'll protect you
please dog loves me so you guys I needed
a frozen-yogurt break so I'm gonna go
and get some and it's gonna be delicious
I'm taking you with me whether you like
it or not you probably like it it's
frozen yogurt it's delicious why
wouldn't you like that I just spit on
myself I hope that you guys saw that
know what this hilarious delicious
that place was packed so I'm sitting all
by myself on the ground out of here and
this is delicious you're gonna destroy
this now see you guys didn't I was a
magician I made it disappear let's have
a race sure go cross-eyed I've showed
you guys this a million times but it
always makes me laugh ready
her hates always crack me up okay your
turn
oh you're so dainty what is it with
peanut butter like it's just like the
funniest thing that I give dogs and
Ashley thinks her legs made of peanut
butter yep gonna put on your nose dude
okay you can't give a dog peanut butter
and not record like licking it at 240
frames per second god you guys are such
noobs alright enjoy the peanut butter
wait I got an idea Alec come here
already got some little bit better going
to finish up the movie the cinema thing
at the cinema club video the first
episode is actually live on Ali's
channel and hold on do you hear
that's a lovely song hey those told me
not to record or if she just wants her
bone singing in the shower okay
seriously be honest how many people do
that obviously Ali does it I rap in the
shower I don't sing none of that singing
stuff I rap like Lil Wayne style so it
was saying the cinema club yes our first
episode of CTFxC cinema is now live on
Ali's channel you can click right here
go watch it be a part of the CTFxC no mo
we can watch movies together go check
out the CG MX cinema hope you guys enjoy
and watch some movies together
today's secret phrase we gotta make it
up to Ali just say Ali you have a
beautiful voice in the comments and then
maybe that'll get me out of the doghouse
and I won't have to sleep on the couch
tonight
alright guys see you tomorrow movie time
with Charles apparently this is a pepper
pirate theme song to let you know you
can click here you enjoy the video good
bye
giddy with child trippy
with trippy Harry
