I feeling all of us done Ally got one of
her her nasty migraines I just usually
ten times mr. sorry starbucks you can
use it in your coffee here's another
girl's thing have you ever noticed that
when you drink coffee and then an hour
later you go pee it smells like
starbucks again is that too much too
much information
grass is clean what but you've gone this
morning when I threw a bit small weak
peppermill actually pretty much so the
key when you have to throw up just two
lots of gum or eat lots of spearmint or
whatever just eat a bunch of mint leaves
ready to do movie club you're gonna go
watch some movies now movie grab what
are we doing
stop it you're so crazy just can't you I
will we're meeting with the wedding
photographer and of course we are 20
minutes late no no no no my fault yeah
she's 20 minutes my for it is my mom
yeah i'll be on time once okay hey hon
hi Randall Emma Hey oh good 1081 do do
12 is she under that all that mess over
there oh there she is you gonna bring
her bone sleek n huh you know must put
you this really loud while she has a
migraine I think of my help weird
sorry I think you got a booger in your
nose this is totally random but I love
it when Google hive little Easter eggs
if you this is kind of like a long thing
I just always hit my I don't know what I
do I was just like hit my nose but if
you like what is a google translate this
sentence or this the group of letters
from English to German so if you hit
translate right here actually focuses
back so that's it right there and if you
hit translate puts it over here right
but instead of it saying listen for
example like this I'll just do whatever
and hit translate it'll say listen right
but if you go and undo that I hit
translate again it'll have a beatbox
option so check us out it beatboxes now
we need a dubstep version I'm in the
kitchen eating cookies and we're
supposed to be from was my soul me
something it's nap time cookie time it's
time for some executive decision making
here career Sam not towards the camera
towards me everybody here okay beach or
park he's gonna do both beach or park
beach or park beach no we should do a
boat so don't beat your quick feature
part bitch you want me to do okay slowly
we will get Marley accustomed to the
water so she doesn't like cut her foot
again she's like walk like tiptoeing and
she's like I really want to get my foot
cut somalis being all weird and doesn't
want to oh now you're getting it now
that I'm feeling you're gonna prove me
wrong get it mark I'm just like afraid
of that stick or something Louise I just
had it where is it we can't find it oh
there it is oh just kidding hi and now
she's prancing away and then she drops
it you're the worst fechar stretcher
Emma dodo dodo dodo it's like teamwork
Zoe gets it like this way and then
Marley brings it the rest of the way Ali
stand next to that
gets about as big as you the horse you
can totally tell when Marley's done she
just like sits there and stares at you
with those like I she's like this okay
I'm ready to go see what I mean ready to
go let's go go give me food or something
just stay there next stop to fly one of
those things it's very close oh it's
landing done it's funny I can't even
land a toy helicopter I could only
imagine like landing a real helicopter
he's actually really difficult they're
like hover
I exact it rarely do that with a toy I
mean I I could do that I know no big
deal look at my two little prissy girls
but look the cheeks is your love you hey
that's still trying to hover
I want to buy a helicopter rolling in it
right there having a party thinks she's
showing off well you guys im just gonna
have my salad now go ahead and get my my
daily source of vegetables Zoe I mean
whatever your name is Marley can you
hear her munching on that are you eating
grass to come over here hey they must be
on to something this is grass in that
poop and they lost a friend well they
had a friend nope they'll come back Oh
games oh oh god here comes a ref she's
talking to here Zoe Oh lady over here so
hilarious their dogs are all running
around on the rocky shore and she's like
a little missing she's on the rocks
surely there's some cute can we be like
them yes remember older Miley on the
rocks Riley on the rocks she's also like
blowing his name used to be fast anybody
was to this I was just hey they're cute
they're really funny she's like I'm
hosing oh she is she's posing she's like
oh come oh we gonna play so we were just
about to start watching the first movie
for the CT FX cinema the movie club and
I realized we don't have popcorn we
can't watch a movie without popcorn so I
have to go do a late night run and we're
gonna try to film this for space balls
and edit it in the next couple hours so
we'll be live on Saturday oh maybe I
should get some candy oh wait here's his
popcorn okay kind do we get
oh look the same Alcorn so when I first
moved to tap i think was like haha it
was like early two thousand five right i
got a job at a movie theater and the job
was the do this is actually why I don't
like popcorn I got a job doing
concession work before I got promoted to
be the head projectionist or one of the
projectionists I cannot tell you how
much I love the smell of popcorn here
here's a fun little little thing you
guys probably didn't know have you ever
wondered why the smell of popcorn is
always in movie theaters it's because
there's a spray that they go and they
literally spray popcorn smell in the
movie theaters but I was a projection as
from well at that theater fought two
thousand five to two thousand seven and
then 2007 i went to mosey actually in
tampa i was actually one of the imax
projection predicted that projectionists
and I swear that was like the coolest
college job if you ever can pick up like
a projectionist for a movie theater late
hours but at least that the theaters I
had awesome bosses and I mean honestly
without my bosses being so cool I would
probably not be where I I wouldn't had
the time because with you know movies um
there's like downtime like when you're
projectionists you have to wait for the
other movies to stop before it can
restart it my bosses were so cool they
didn't make me go and do stupid crappy
work they let me edit my videos and do
all the stuff that I was doing on
youtube because they were they really
liked it and they were really smart they
knew youtube was the but the next thing
so it was like the perfect college job
plus i got all my work done but i did
that until two thousand eight and then
2008 is when I quit full time to do
YouTube and I was the happiest day of my
life that was such a freeing thing this
is gonna work this is gonna work and I
just put all all all my marbles in a
basket or eggs in one basket or rebels
in a pouch or sack I don't whatever
there was this it was such a freeing
thing it was it was so scary though it
was so scared because I had no idea what
YouTube would become all I know you know
it could have died and did nothing I
could have you know I got bored with it
I don't know I have no idea what I'm
talking about this Oh popcorn popcorn
made me do this
I have a TD so the lesson of the story
is popcorn is good I got you a bunch of
popcorn since it's so freakin disgusting
I told my story about how I can't stand
popcorn what well you guys want some
popcorn wait this actually says stand by
microwave watch and listen I thought you
were supposed to go away from the
microwave maybe it's like a secret
government way of keeping people from
having kids sterilized everyone all
right said hi to at two out two hours 2
minutes and 30 seconds
another well we got our popcorn we got
our movie when I drop that popcorn all
right guys we'll see in a couple hours
we're gonna watch spaceballs for CT FX
cinema see in a bit full film just pull
film up and off got eyes I should break
up
Oh failure nice are you getting into
look at you you already getting in the
mood was it princess Vespa I think your
name is best bar or something like that
all right now we're gonna go out to
movie may the schwartz be with you uh
yeah we just got done watching the movie
and filming the episode and this is the
carnage that is I can't believe zoey is
sleeping how I guess this she can't see
this but go like that and Zoe what does
that doesn't care and if you if you guys
didn't know we are doing a movie club
when we were out in VidCon Phil
suggested that we bring one to the CTFxC
so I was like watch movies all the time
so if you didn't know we're gonna do a
movie club every saturday tuesday and
thursday on Ali's channel so you should
go to Ali's channel right now and go
check that out I post it on like how to
do it or what's going on really excited
I think it's gonna be really fun and I
hope you guys enjoy because what we're
going to do is we're going to do video
responses kind of like what Phil does
and we're going to do video responses
and put your reviews of the movies we
see so it's going to be really good
exposure extra exposure for other
youtubers instead of just being comments
you guys will actually be able to be in
the videos and I thought that would be
really cool really fun and I have
popcorn all all over my obviously i
can't i was eating popcorn for the video
I know I can't believe I did it miss de
Alli a lot of cleaning spree she's going
around the entire
just cleaning everything even me and I'm
already clean I already took a shower
earlier today not now Marley even got
cleaned so did you she's cleaning
everything internet run run if you don't
want to get a bath really are you
comfortable that's cool clean laundry
that's awesome where's Marley she's
asleep over there anymore I think Ali's
double checking this is this is a vlog
section here see she's over there she's
editing she's double-checking the vlog
because you guys were saying that there
was a couple goofs i mislike i'm weird
like cots and stuff so she's gonna
double check it so if texting me if
there's anything wrong in this vlog
blame Ali anyway but were that thing up
a couple months ago I guess it was what
we're gonna try to go to bed early and
wake up early and do that whole thing
where you're actually on a normal
schedule I'm gonna try to do that
starting now I'm going to try to do it
so I'm gonna get the bed early guys it's
not really early but I'm gonna pretend
like it's early oh we didn't have a
secret phrase yesterday today should be
really okay so she's still doing that it
should just be called Zoe is a suit SL
ot cuz it's a friendly way of saying it
have a good night we'll see you tomorrow
see what you did
it's hardly wait
where's easy at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
txt
West with chakra pin
forgive me more
