Oh inbox face man-beast Oh who does does
not abide by my rules will perish in the
land of how was my car wasn't it didn't
one see that just look out there for me
out there it's really kind of hot living
in a box wow this guy looks pretty cool
beautiful you mean
look I'm trying to FaceTime Ally right
now and you can see you can see myself
getting reflected off my glasses I'm
gonna put you in a box daddy was in a
box all day come here you are in a box
okay Marley I'm gonna put you in a box
okay you're gonna hide from people okay
Marley ready go let's go so I just want
to make a public service and oh there's
a stupid there's always a freakin Marley
hair like all right so I want to make a
public service announcement because of
yesterday Ally saying I have a large
head therefore I need a large pillow it
is true it is true Internet I have a
large head and that is only because it
is housing my large brain so I just it's
not really a public service announcement
is that what the price large heads equal
large brains it's a business it's a
well-known fact all you ladies out there
you are a large net large headed man all
right that means your babies are gonna
be really painful
there's no huge heads to only a woman
would actually think that immediately
watch though he starts smiling Zoey are
you happy
Zoe do you want some cheeseburgers
you're a smiley puppy look at that buggy
face
they say your pudgy pudgy pudgy
face get in that house little Turkey you
guys want to see a really stupid talent
I have I didn't know I could do that
does just like five seconds ago
you are super grandma now with those
glasses my mom had to get a new pair of
reading glasses today and they are you
don't have a matching shirt sleeve check
out this all my goodness well ladies and
gentlemen there you have it my mom is
officially grandma status now that's
fantast all our grandma balla grandma
stats we are faced with the task of
selecting a wedding photograph uh it's
really stressful because I what I'm I'm
I've got all these things going in my
head like do I want a stylized you know
type of photography do I want like very
modern clean crisp like what style do
you want and I just I've looked at so
many photographers pages and it's just
like insane we're down to the wire now
you're supposed to book a photographer
like seven months before I think we're
like three maybe you have three months
out no you cannot help at this house
this weight behind right in front of my
hand there's a little spider hanging
looks like it's gonna rain what what are
you doing yeah like no don't you did not
just say that
I'm a I'm a doggie
yeah those words did just leave my mom's
mouth that's fantastic so I'm not sure
what Zoey thinks this is but I think she
thinks it's a toy for her you wanna
shoot the boat go get it go ladies
there are some times in your man's life
when you're gonna have to retrain them
how to be nice and chivalrous thank you
for opening the door for me maybe I need
to close it yes
you're supposed to buckle my seatbelt -
yeah
or is that just baby like right there
stay right there now you have a little
dribble right there we have a little
dribble
come here so I just discovered I can do
this can you do this ready seriously you
done while we're waiting for everyone to
get done with dinner we're gonna meet up
with them
ally wanted to recreate our first date
so we're going to where we went for our
first day look at this look at the grin
on her face look at that grin all right
this is where we had our first date at a
harbucks this is actually where we said
this is this is what I said and aneisa
yeah and then you sat there he's that
there before I was blogging but it was a
closed blog and be remember so you were
sitting there no no cuz I was sitting
there in there let me move to there in
there it's for you
woods your story
that's not true I'm not smart enough to
get hurt it's actually funny because you
did sit right there just just like on
the proposal video there's those clips
of Ally yelling at me because she didn't
think the camera was recording just
before I proposed yeah I couldn't find
those crypts I don't know if I saved
those though do you want to tell him the
first story about this place and we were
gonna hang out one day I don't remember
if it was like a holiday or what I was
in town from school I was gonna just
meet up with it because I've never met
him before
I'm just to grab coffee and he totally
ditched me here he said he was gonna
come and he never showed it's not true
actually I told her that I was enabled
he said I'm in town let's meet at the
Starbucks on whatever and I was like
okay
and then I texted her and I said I
wasn't able to come after two hours
so everyone asking where we went to or
where a first date was was actually here
and we sat right here so those didn't
exist at the time so yeah internet love
how small are you gonna make your body
in that chair
just ready
that's funny we're the same I always
used to get yelled at because I used to
sit like this
and my mom feet off the chair and I sit
at the dinner table on my knees the mom
yell at me for that there you go
stretch it out baby be honest how
nervous were you when you were meeting
me for the first time she was really
cute she was all like y'all shaky and
twitchy
you were twitchy you're - it's evening
yeah maybe some some speed now what the
heck I phone how does that equal oilseed
unintentionally modified his by breaking
it and I think it's like they can
maneuver a lot faster maybe go they
landed over dad said that hold still Oh
God oh I hit you in the face or you have
glasses on totally my dad is close to
something
oh no this is not a good idea no it's
fine it's already getting stuck in my
hair before you even doing anything with
it don't move don't move
it did exactly what it did that one the
video so were you just having a
reoccurring nightmare from that one day
okay this is this is from I think day
like 100 or something this is what I did
Ali yeah so I try to do that I'll put a
link to that whole vlog in the video
description below but I mean that was
like first hundred days of the daily
videos and that one was not nearly as
crazy zzzz that is your new place oh hi
hey alright show us around is this the
bathroom I'm just gonna take it upon
myself and just walk oh this is Zoey's
room look at this that's huge
where's your room where's your room
alright guys this is my place right here
welcome to the episode of cribs no
that's not your place Marley Marley this
is not your area Zoey get out of the
closet I love you Jason she thinks
that's fun she's right
and she likes me people yell you don't
you don't ever see this with any other
dog except Tyson Oh what is she even
doing this is like the weirdest way a
dog would ever play I know I know you
guys were mad at me yesterday I promised
you guys a mail vlog yesterday so I'm
going to keep my promise it is 12:30 in
the morning we have to wake up early to
meet up with a photographer but I told
Ally we have to do a mail vlog so that's
what we're gonna do we're gonna do that
right now not all of it we're gonna do
this amount which is quite a lot so
after I say good night guys it'll be
like a little button you can click it
and check out the mail vlog I promise
we'll do more once we get back in the
swing because I know we go to LA in less
than a week so there might be a little
bit of scarce and then we have the whole
movie we actually just got the do intro
for the CTFxC cinema the movie review
Club that we're gonna be having on Ali's
channel so I'm really stoked on that so
I will see you guys tomorrow
good night I hope you liked that little
flash blasphemy past where I got it in
Ali's hair you're gonna have nightmares
because of that now you got your cookies
you eat your cookies yeah all right guys
I'll see you tomorrow
go have fun in the mail vlog good night
mail vlog mail vlog you can click here
what's the mayor for mayor of La Belle
vlog this is annoying song just wanted
to let you know about a vlog is on yeah
vlog click here enjoy I'm gonna stop now
don't want to hurt anyone's ears anymore
goodnight
yes
with trippy
a theory
you
