man fuck welcome to the mailbox this
isn't really the actual belt it is the
mail bag yeah that's our intro so hey
guys we haven't done the mail vlog and
wow I don't even remember how long it's
been
you call that one already we're gonna be
doing a mail vlog if you're watching
this before the vlog I'll put it just a
second just give just watch this it'll
be up right after if you came from the
vlog hi you're a random person hi my
name is Charles that's Ali
it's Marley that's Zoe this is mail from
our awesome awesome viewers from all
over the world had a lot of coffee today
she's getting so oh we brought all the
packages out and she was sleeping and
she immediately woke up like possible
toys I know that everything in your body
is telling you to throw those everywhere
but please don't everywhere you gave me
all the coffee it's all what's this from
well you're gonna be cleaning that up
this is from Jennifer Steve from new
headshot oh man these are what you these
were the the maple candy oh snap it's
maple candy got some peanut do a key hot
sauce I'll give you 50 bucks if you
drink it shot at this okay so Jeana from
Vermont is a fine art major and she did
this with I think like linoleum you
carve it out and you put ink over it and
use like a rolling Lucy this thing
that's credit oh that's oh wow look you
can see right there you don't want the
dogs to go psycho no we want the dogs go
psycho yeah so that's who are you
apologizing that's from Steve our thanks
van this is from hey buddy I think these
are meant for Allie and made those are
really awesome oh that's so cute oh em
gee Sara from Canada you are my new best
friend these are all coffee
this is all coffee look at that it's
just you jump dump it in your water
bottle oh my god Sarah H from New
Hampshire that's the second person from
New Hampshire right ship trains yeah
what do you guys call yourself what do
people from Tampa call themself tampons
okay from Troy from youtube.com slash
Halloween Hellmouth these are these are
this is right up my alley
uh-uh did your name's Ali and I asked
Zoe if you wanted the cheeseburgers
today tell me one cheeseburger told you
wasn't lying
yeah wait that's rubber yeah
that's not as delicious and Oh for
Marley the alcohol yeah you remember we
actually got Marley and Zoey dog bear
bear feeling higher quality and there's
a burger that was from cat
thank you very much cat from Ohio I
think Marlene is all you need to be
barley you got a burger on your head her
dog Karl says hi Karl sup Karl Elizabeth
Liz abou sings and I just want to show
you this right here so she found this
hipster mustache she was at Urban
Outfitters and she was just like Charles
the second she sees this so what are you
trying to say Elizabeth huh huh what you
trying to say that I'm a hipster that
can't grow one of these myself I can't I
couldn't if I wanted to I would include
an ice cube for Zoe and some cheese for
Marley but I don't think the male people
would enjoy handling damp moldy male
Tracy D from Massachusetts gave us
rocket water balloons
what do you mean rocket they have like a
weighted tip or something and they like
fly like crazy okay so this is from okay
I really I don't want to try to
pronounce this person's name because
they bet their life that I won't be able
to pronounce it correctly
Kate Casa de lluvia photo disks this is
from Sierra
okay it's too late it's like what
o'clock she sent you a bear go eat your
bear I'm assuming this is for you
because you have a bumblebee costume so
there you go
almond butter do you guys have never had
almond butter seriously
it blows peanut butter out of the what
cashew butter y'all I was drooling I'm
drooling this is from Sierra she's only
12 years old and she made you that
necklace and got your earrings and then
she gave us a bunch of Chinese fortune
things in bed jokes so obviously we're
good we're a very good influence on the
young kids
sorry parents Charles is gonna love this
from his cooking oh yeah they're paring
knives yeah so these are paring knives
this is from Mike F is your last name
for fantastic I've been getting into all
that coffee by the way you can see it
right there
thanks healers Oh oh that's actually
really good we use rubber bands right
now waiting around tonight test
candidate and I remember thank you this
is from Jillian G from Canada I'm
assuming this one's for me this is
probably for me and I would think I'll
read the letter and when you guys see
this paper clip what do you guys see
just yeah a lot of curiosity you know
you see a dog bone on the back oh the
back looks like a dog bone what about
the front like wait why did they send me
a penis paper clip and then some
handmade t-shirts B where does not B
apocalypse brought to you by Justin
Bieber she also sent a couple new little
tags for Zoey Marley which one you think
belongs to which dog any guesses
from Canada she sent us quite a few
things but this is for you ah because of
you guys I'm not gonna perish in a
zombie apocalypse
everyone else will but I will be fully
prepared is this actually the day it's
gonna happen oh you guys want to know do
you know what I can tell you the day
because apocalypse
there's Jillian and her dog Winston oh
that's a beautiful little stash right
there little mini stash Audrianna from
ohio send me a photo of her dogs write
an awesome book to train Marley and Zoey
actually you know it's kind of funny
like you know dogs the typical thing to
bring the newspaper but in the next 10
years newspapers probably phased out
like you'll train your dog to bring your
like Kindle your iPad or something for
your iPhone Thank You Audrianna I'm
gonna try to do this with Zoey Marley as
soon as possible I really wish there was
a real cheeseburger Kurt W from
Pennsylvania sent this is awesome right
here it's a DeLorean Hot Wheel isn't it
awesome and I just wanted to show you
this this is his wish list for us to do
fix the remote-control car because I
said I was going to do that and then
remember we're gonna do the race car
where Ally was gonna try to outrun it
and wherever it broke halfway through
that and then finish the cover song
which I have the song Irie found it and
it's almost all done we've set to do a
vocal so as soon as we get some time we
will do that I promise I haven't forgot
about the whole we are scientist cover
yeah Thank You Kurt actually that's good
reminder and thank you for this
what is it Flo Z so you just I guess it
punctures they right they just put it I
know but I don't know that's what I'm
assuming you do that and then you drink
it yeah they're holes in it that's
clever
that's really funny and it keeps your
beer cold why don't you or your your
soda yeah now your beer falling asleep
little bit Kristina I like old Marley's
just hoarding all our toys pink leopard
one
mm okay I want to pick one that looks
like you and you want the prissy one
here you go thank you so Hannah I or hat
now it's henna I believe from Finland
drew this on her letter it's I thought
was really cool
and I just want to say it's it's really
it's really touching when you know
people we never thought these vlogs
would be inspiring or anything like that
but it's it's really touching when you
know somebody's going through a hard
time and are able to watch these vlogs
and have fun and feel like they're
connecting you know playing with Zoe in
my life connecting with us it's it's a
really awesome thing and you know I just
want to say thank you guys because this
is really cool and henna it gets better
and I'm glad you're realizing that so
stay strong no that looks so familiar
it's apparently a popular thing in
Finland but like this character it looks
very familiar to something may know what
fat Gigli must be French
whoa that's me giant Charles from the
dodgeball make that face that's awesome
oh cool from Alfea BR from is you must
be from London you sound like you're
from London from London
hi I'm lazy oh hi I'm lazy
hi I'm lazy hi I'm lazy I think this is
chain now it's a it's oh you know what
it's for you go like this and you defeat
dragons it's a it's one of those
official dragon des feeders where's this
from this is from Jo Jo Jo vlog oh
there's a note in there that probably
would have been the first thing we
should have done oh they made it joke
vlog were you a knight sir
this is from youtube.com slash our store
so far Josh and Serena we actually just
tweeted them oh yeah I know okay hold on
this is the guy who wore the Conan shirt
yes the guy was wore the Conan shirt yes
he difficulties for hey why are you
looking at me look at the camera my
camera I'm looking at everyone it's a
mustache oh it's been a band-aid ending
oh my god
so if you have a boo-boo oh you're gonna
leave it on wait I want to do this okay
she's judging you back there oh really
come here look at the teeth oh oh we got
your pink bear still please please stop
torturing me poor dog there we go much
better this is from Cassie and I just I
have to show you this this is so cool
these are actually bottle caps unused
bottle caps before they've impressed and
there are little pins and she made them
I never seen that before
this is grace from Michigan nice shirt
grace okay so she sent me with the best
gummy bears in the world but look they
melted so it's a giant freaking gummy
bear I have to open this I gotta show
you this oh my Wow that's cool that's
like a stained glass you didn't just do
that mm-hmm put a giant gummy bear horse
I would eat it and all the melted
plastic like chemicals
plastic chemicals no guide how to be a
Marley by Cheryl Kay from Pennsylvania
what to role in things that smell bad
sand mud garbage etc eat all the food
you can find hitman ties humans and
creatures of Jupiter important sniff
everything and roundhouse kick
sit where you are not allowed be a
cutie-pie
how to be a Marley I share okay from the
cruise well a Superman this is from Emma
H from England and I think I'm gonna pee
my pants looking at Charles's pedo face
in the middle oh that's from the miracle
of video on each other that is I you
know what it's because I'm an awesome
actor I'm just such is this all the many
faces of ally in the many faces of
Charles we should frame these we know
they're yeah this is Rick this is like
overload oh this is pretty sweet this is
from Tyler a KD ta vlogs and oh wow so
it's a this is a lady duct tape wallet
for the photo of you always blown away
professional this is oh why he's got a
bone business card there it is it's
magnetic as magnets that's mean that's
mine
I mean someone asked me for ID I can
just go that's me that's me - that is
creepy as hell look at Zoey's face she's
freaking out oh my god somebody turn on
Skrillex I'm gonna raise or whoa whoa
look at it directly at it my soul is
gone
sorry cat just stole your soul for the
stealing of your soul with the kitty pan
you can blame this guy right here
his name is YouTube the comm slash
Austin pills PIL Z that is it for
today's mail vlog it is now we got done
till 2:00 in the morning we have to wake
up early in the morning but thank you to
everyone who sent some things letters
there's a whole bunch of stuff in the
other room that we still got to get
through so hopefully we can do that so
again thank you guys so much
fun with magnets I hope you guys enjoyed
the mail vlog I will see you guys next
time if you haven't seen the regular
vlog at the end of this you'll be able
to go back to that so goodnight I'll see
you tomorrow do you want to tell them
the first story about this place
you
