where's Marley
so pretty much every Tuesday the lawn
maintenance guys come and I don't know
what it is but it really scares Marley
get every morning I wake up she's either
hiding in the shower or in the back of
the closet so right now we're just
helping her hide by you know all the
receipts and paperwork over there
ridiculous it's like every Tuesday every
Tuesday around the same time she starts
freaking out sup dog drove all the way
over to the park and just literally
after I paid and parked pouring rain so
now we're just gonna stuck here waiting
you know what I've never done this I
always thought about it - all right I'm
kind of bored so let's try this okay I
want to see how long it's gonna take me
to get to the back of the car straighten
the back and back into the front seat I
think maybe it's gonna take me ten
seconds I don't know why would I do this
but hey I'm in the car and it's rainin
what else I'm going to do ready they
start to counter a second I start moving
ready everyone out they just watching me
in that car yeah that was fun whoa today
is ally does errands while Charles goes
to the park and has a blast day and let
me tell you I'm on a roll cuz guess what
Aaron number one off the list
and number two
don't even know what Aaron number two is
yet but you know what I'm sure I'm gonna
get it done improv in today's list of
errands but I feel like I have a lot of
crap I have to get done I know I have a
lot of crap I have to get done I just
don't know exactly what it is yet so oh
yeah Aaron number two get gas
so it might have been your grill dog
okay
rain rain go oh well I guess this is a
good time to talk to you guys about
other the hair hold on anyway soon was
last weekend I was talking to you guys
about possibly starting a like a movie
club where we get to watch movies
together you guys get to do video
responses I put you guys in her video
because I was saying when I was in
VidCon Phil suggested that we do this
with the CTFxC so I asked you guys and
you said we should call it the CT FX
Cinema Club get at CG effects cinema so
I finally got the details and we were
going to launch the CGI FX Cinema Club
this Saturday it would be August 20th
seriously just like yesterday it's sunny
and raining
so what we're wanting to do is every
Tuesday Thursday and Saturday of the
week we want to upload a new movie Club
CT FX Cinema Club video on Ali's channel
which is youtube.com slash Ally so as
far as the movie list goes you can
either go out and buy all these movies
which I really wouldn't recommend since
we're gonna be watching a lot it could
get kind of expensive or because we're
partnering up with Netflix you can go to
Netflix comp size CTFxC right down there
if you go to that URL and you sign up
for Netflix using that URL they'll give
you a one-month free trial where you're
gonna be able to stream all these movies
all these movies that we're gonna be
watching you'll be able to stream from
your computer your iDevice is your Xbox
Playstation Nintendo Wii if your TVs
equipped with it right at your own
convenience so you don't have to go to
the store and pick up these movies
you'll be able to watch them straight
from Netflix we thought this was gonna
be the fastest quickest way you know
that we could do this movie club
enormous efficient way we can do it so
Netflix out comps are CTFxC and you'll
be able to stream all these movies that
we're gonna be doing for the movie club
I really think this is gonna be a cool
fun way to bring the CTFxC as a
community together because we're all
gonna be watching these movies together
we're all gonna be discussing what we
watch what we liked what we didn't like
I really want you guys to do video
responses to these reviews so that way I
can put them in the video you guys can
get some exposure and I think it'd be a
really fun way to be us to interact with
you guys on a more personal level like
and I think you'll be really cool that
you guys are gonna be able interact with
each other
Sally might need Bobby who knows my
final love from the cinema club finding
love in the cinema club is not
guaranteed unless it's love for movies
putting the next three movies that we're
gonna be watching in the video
description below the first one is gonna
go live this Saturday so look down there
in the video description below for the
next three movies then go to netflix.com
slash CTFxC and you'll be able to stream
these movies with your one-month free
trial and then to make this more
interactive and more fun for everybody
make a video response after you watch
the movie tell us what you like what you
don't like what you thought was stupid
what was amazing what they could have
done better so this is gonna be really
fun I'm really looking forward this is
like the best excuse to watch movies all
week and huge thanks to Netflix for
knocking us out because this is gonna
make things a lot easier yeah guys CTFxC
Cinema Club it's actually a reality and
it's gonna be really fun so kudos to you
guys for suggesting it oh boy I'm lost
in target again I don't think Old Spice
body wash and shavers men shavers I'm
walking down the Barbie aisle and Target
and this these are terrifying
these look nothing like the Barbies that
I used to have when I was a kid Oh
Christine I'm on the phone with
Christine I'm vlogging and I'm on the
phone oh my god the world's gonna
explode it's Christine says she actually
looks like this but I don't believe her
I just thought about one of the most
stressful parts of driving by the way my
errands are done pulling out of parking
spots anything that could go they could
possibly go wrong will and almost always
does go wrong when you're trying to park
or when you're trying to leave a parking
lot it's a dangerous and scary place Oh
who's that dude I know it looks like a
banana and that shirt well it was
perfect timing
sun's out you guys want to go outside
let's do this what the heck I'm bleeding
how am I always my glasses are all foggy
this is actually a good time because I
think all the alligators come out right
after it rains so maybe what we all see
some more alligators ah
stinky sticky Florida oh I completely
forgot to mention about the Movie Club
so some of the movies that were gonna be
watching aren't gonna be pretty good in
fact some of these are gonna be
hilariously bad and the reason why we
might do this every once in a while is
because why don't we watch the video
responses you know the put in the video
I think it'd be really funny to see how
you guys or what you guys think about
these movies so yeah if you have like I
said this is a whole community-based
effort you
I mean this is your movie club so if you
guys have movies that you really want to
see or want other people to see please
tell us in the comments and yeah we'll
see if it's streaming on Netflix that
and then if it is we'll put it up on the
list and then you guys can choose some
movies okay I need to focus now I want
to find an alligator core IQ I gotta
focus and find an alligator was that
even close to Australia hello tiny frog
I will pay you 50 bucks if you drink a
shot of clam juice
that is not worth it that is probably
the grossest thing I've ever seen in my
life
also not worth it we're still ever don't
take anybody's bet if they say that you
know I knew this kid in high school he
he would do anything literally anything
for 20 bucks he ate an entire thing in
mustard he stapled his pants to his
thigh for $20 that's just stupid
I'll do the pants that's it ever staple
yeah like I don't know in high school I
used to do that you're stupid
your nanny don't do that people do not
under it yourself for money that do come
he's not badly extract just the juice
I appear a basket case a basket head
we have shown now and because remember
the argument that pretzel chips do not
exist they do you like Millionaire
Matchmaker watched on the plane when
we're going to LA and now it's like
addictive it's the bad this is not
Jersey Shore okay so I was in a shower
and I learned how to lay it I'm not
kidding I am not kidding arleigh was it
lying you learned how to do this while
you were in the shower while you were in
the shower
Wow witness tell me all you've seen
Marley saw okay I landed this on my head
I don't believe it
preposterous it balances perfectly look
it's cuz your head is huge it's a good
like go cry yourself to sleep on your
giant pillow I have a big pillow to give
out a big nose we did oh oh
okay if you missed though that's your
face I know the end of Charles as we
know it you might want to stop a few
other arts crashing into the wall
I think gonna go to the right
I'll wave it over your head forget it
come on can I do that huh no no no
because it gets stuck in my hair it
doesn't get stuck in your hair yes I do
I remember when I go what you should
bend twist it up in my button actually
Internet what day was that I have no
idea what day that was hey come on I'll
land on your head
yes
with y'all trippin
