you ready you're ready let's go
she's like why did you do that to me
you lie let's go
I was waiting for your ass that's right
don't even act like I'm not ready right
Marley right Marley Marley what do you
wanna do today I told you no that's
illegal and we're not doing that at
least just like a little drug cartel oh
here we go
Little Miss traveler over here hasn't
had time to really celebrate a birthday
we're gonna go down and talk it up get
the families that media they say they're
I feel like I slow down
okay thank you we're gonna get the
families together and I'm actually right
now I've never done a Google+ Hangout so
I'm gonna we're driving I'm bored so I
want to see if we can try to do this
from the phone wait how does this work
so if you're not on the Google+ just ask
for an invite somebody I'll hook you
guys up oh there's me there's you that's
us
but yet make sure to have us on Google+
we can do some hangouts some random
hangouts
your circuits let's look at let's hang
out guys
no one is here right now oh I got a sad
robot nobody wants to hang out with me
right now I don't know how it works do I
just like wait or do I have to invite
people oh maybe oh wait no that's me I
have a one-man party you can see it
right there's a line right only in
Florida we have like a bright awesome
blue sky and rain Photoshop fake all
right so I got it working these are the
people looking at guy's beard he's gonna
keep a beard I had a sad robot no longer
sad Robo I don't think it's working too
well though oh there's the beard guy
you're from the Middle East that is
awesome dude
this thing that would be sweet funny
well thanks meaning you did my thing so
I can have to be careful that I don't
press them just check the peel box and
two things one we're definitely gonna
have to do a mail vlog because we had
completely backed up so maybe today or
tomorrow if we get time the other thing
I find it I think this is one of the
most like this is like one of those
seven or eight wonders of the world is
the the ability for a three-year-old to
form a single-file line but adults can't
dumbfounded by the amount of people that
were like I guess it just takes one
person that clump up and then everyone
started clumping up and then they ran
out like of room it's one of my random
thoughts tweets in real life that's what
you stung you internet what is this
thing Oh what are you oh hey Mark
chillin let me see your boo-boo we're
gonna get ya get him see it you're such
a wimp
oh that was a freaking close call I
dropped the camera and it just went
completely black so I haven't killed you
yet mr. camera these ants were just
fighting you guys freaking doing well
its cleaning itself I will name you
Sebastian
Oh we're gonna just have like a
collection of awesomely up like
embarrassing cars deadly poison so you
know when you get something like hot
cheese and then you don't you're doing
patient and you don't wait for it cool
and then you fight it and then you
officially ruin your entire meal for the
rest of the night that's what just
happened to me
yeah my in touch the roof of my mouth is
just burned now if you burn your tongue
it's done game over just put in the
towel
aliens okay so this happens to me every
single time I got a long garden I eat so
much food before Micra main dish and as
we get here that I'm not even hungry
that's not something that you want a
bunch of it's an all-new version of
playing with your food she's showing the
dress right now and I'm trying to look
you see it is so cute let me just pinch
those cheap maybe just let me just yeah
so cute were you making out with this oh
oh it's you you're the one of the red
you take forever open it quicker
it's a beautiful one animal I'm afraid
okay doesn't my dad look like Mario spin
with them
she is gangster
oh good high kick you kick me up here do
the end let's all right Dennis your turn
get a high kick well your dad could do
it too
I can't kick over your head down to show
what's going on with the camera is the
lens not open this is cool now look at
it I like it
this is awesome I gotta open it up and
he's gonna eat it so beautiful
look that way you have a sore foot what
is going on with you
dear friend mo arias now that you're
seven it's easy to see that any age you
are is the cool age have a happy hot
fudge sundae
let me see there's another guy I'm sorry
who wrote this card because they should
be fired forever no get away
Jessie's giving Ally a birthday massage
and that's that's so gross that is I
would be tweaking it and then we're
gonna throw a bunch of ants on you later
cute dress that's a cute dress
those are some cute jeans are you ki
your belts not gonna come loose at all
you don't you know it's bad luck to not
to miss a loop that's so gross go away
wait wait Zoey Marley come here come on
Marley sit there oh then she does the
exact opposite of what I do I'm not
supposed to be eating your fingers
that's a lot of sugary parts you okay
I'll do it all right all right no more
you can't have all that sugar Marley you
can't have any
but so girls all right all right no more
guys go take a shower she really likes
her dubstep
joining it everyone this you know just
reminds me of that really all I was like
an old like commercial a car commercial
where it was like some like my god she
was like raving in the car that's
exactly what does remind yeah well we're
heading home it's been a good day
you have fun yeah do you like all your
own presence I would get like a million
in one person in the snake it is me
which is the secret phrase me tonight
our super duper secret phrase but you
can't be creative on the spelling
alright we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to click the little light
button down there if you if we made your
day if you smiled so alright you didn't
smile
you smiled like 15 times
that's exactly what I did yesterday she
didn't even know we do that all right
I'll see you guys later
oh wait
yes
be an ally don't forget
