all right I want that car No
good morning guys oh you got a stick
where'd you find this how's it going Ali
went down to Sarasota to go run some
errands with her parents and I'm just
kind of like I just got done uploading
the dr. zombie video I'm so excited you
guys really liked it overwhelming amount
of positive response on the on the video
and you know wouldn't when we get a
chance to actually get down and make a
skit like that it's just so rare because
we've been thought we film daily edit
daily it's just hard to you know do
skits all the time like I used to but it
just it's so rewarding when we finally
get one we upload it and you guys just
you like it even if it's not your
favorite thing in the world you guys are
still very positive and constructive you
guys are like the best of the internet
the CTFxC is the best of the best on the
internet that's why you guys are awesome
you got your plastic booty on again wait
you're being the bad one right now got
something on your tongue
such a typical Marley thing to do it's
like completely clean right here just
freshly cut grass and she'd rather just
go in this pile of uncut grass and now I
give you raindrops following at my
camera and super slow motion
holy crap is that you jay-z jay-z he I
think he's following me now
so today oh my god I was dropped
everything pretty much playing mr. mom
today I'm trying to oh I got some
champagne I'm gonna make a nice dinner
for Ally um yeah no I've been doing
laundry I've been doing laundry all day
because we're making fun of me saying I
couldn't do laundry and I got this stuff
I I literally was like okay I was there
for like ten minutes
trying to figure out which cleaning
supply thingy or whatever it would be
would actually work to get rid of that
stupid stain because alas my pants are
ruined if I could not get the clay out
or mud or sewage or poo from
Lollapalooza so I don't know I'm just
playing mr. mom today
today's Charles mr. mom day Sunday was
that blurry the whole time stupid camera
more good news was that I was in target
in line and I was looking at at replies
and apparently it took you guys less
than six hours and check this out you
guys got dr. zomb a pediatrician on the
front page of YouTube and listened six
hours that is hardcore art look at this
okay I don't know if it has to focus let
me see if I can refocus zombie kid
doctor right there on the front page the
guys have no idea how happy I got when I
got those out replies and I saw that you
guys are you guys all work out I'm gonna
pull over you know what I'm gonna get
shot I'm gonna get sentimental I'm gonna
get sappy but I love you guys you guys
let's go for a hug let's do a hug ready
I'm gonna put you down we're gonna hug
the screen so when somebody comes in and
sees you hugging the screen they're
gonna think you're nuts but you're gonna
know okay ready okay hug okay we just
have a big virtual hug that I mean that
really does mean a lot to me you guys
that that's thank you thank you for the
support here all right dog faces see if
this will work
don'tdon't go gotta make it dramatic I
mean I've gotten a lot of it out only on
the internet will you see it dude
cleanest pants from poo stains that are
his that art is okay spray directly on
the spot rub into fabric let's stand ten
minutes depending on the severity of the
stain what do you guys think longer than
10 minutes maybe like an hour how much
am I supposed to put on I'm just gonna
dress I'm literally gonna soak this
thing whatever that damn yeah that's in
sentence in turn soon weird video so
what am I supposed to rub in with my
fingers no it doesn't seem right do I
still have a freaking sandal tan I do
look at it you found it didn't you you
fuck I was trying that like surprise her
with it you find it every time I think
it does big-nose so I'm making dinner
and Ali gets so gross that when I do
this but black olives hey seriously I
can't be the only one that diseased
black olives what but seriously black
all is awesome you fly this you can do
it I want to see if I can only get
turnin up I want to see if I can hit the
helicopter using a bottle of champagne
so all you got to do is hover can you do
that practice but that's not hovering
get it hover it no keep it up no no
that's bad okay so just hover it like
that perfect okay oh but you guys are
gonna have the fish tank yeah
right hover it okay hover right there Oh
don't don't start with the premature
jokes is it in the shot
dammit I came from okay ready fail so
many jokes could be said right there
okay you can come out perky you want
this I know you like these it Zoe's
drunk on champagne nice happy birthday
Oh Alice Crone no you can't
not gonna say anything Larry see your
medicine face come on
actually somebody's screenshotted
yesterday yesterday his blog where I was
like oh you get one second of me without
makeup in the morning somebody actually
did it yeah everyone has the after
evenings the after-hours face I know
okay what do you got to do do you got to
go desecrate on some grass yes no base I
like to watch movies with a lots of base
love you crank up I'm gonna crank it up
to 11 come on P monster I don't what
what do you have to do there's a some
jangling right there yes that's that's
what we need to do okay
oh whoa all right is that my face
already guys well I just went to bed and
I'm gonna start editing you crazy kids
so you can have a vlog ya know today was
a kind of a relaxing day so it's kind of
Playhouse mom do you like that I was
house mom didn't laundry cleaned up the
house didn't clip the office but house
mom's don't clean up offices oh yeah so
everyone was asking if I can give a hint
for the the secret message it's it's
totally tiny but I just want to see if
you guys can find it the secret message
in the doctor zomb a pediatrician
episode and I'm gonna give you a hint
it's in minutes 1:30 to 2:30 so right
around that area you can go to see if
you can find it a couple people have
actually found it which I'm really
impressed cuz I actually I was telling
you I didn't know Ben did it until I was
editing I was like does it really you
did that how wouldn't you do that so I
thought it was kind of funny and you
like how my voice just went like 15
octaves high but yeah if you have to see
doctors I'm a pediatrician yeah you must
have been living under under in a blah
blah blah champagne is good for you
grapes nutritious antioxidants oh you
can click a bit of the video
what thank you guys so much for thank
you guys so much for thee thank you
thanks so much thank you guys so much
for not making fun of me for my like
creepy stash in that video too much but
yeah today's secret phrase is doctors
now BAE won't eat your brains he's a
friendly zombie all he wants is a hug
it's not really afraid it's more of a
sentence but yeah you can type that in
the comments that way comment what is
wrong with much grape juice but no
that's it see but no that's the secret
but but secret phrase in the compet so
my god that's what it is alright guys
I've gotta go before I embarrass myself
too much I'll see you tomorrow
okay you should just click on the video
right there honest I'm the screen right
all right there you just click it and
you see a friendly friendly zombie it
looks like a sea monster good
it's okay just click it and you'll enjoy
bye guys
sees tomorrow if you can find secret
phrase okay love you bye thanks
lly ass laughing like a cyst
yes
with child trippy
to be an ally don't forget
