hey internet internet hi I didn't
understand hey Internet sorry I guys can
hear Lee right
hi I'm having so much trouble let me
take you to someone who can help you
hold on one moment oh wait hate these
things like why are you guys in here
what's freaking you out dude this is
actually really funny cuz the bathrooms
like the safest place if there's a storm
school year however got to tell you
Marley update her foot is feeling better
she ya see toldja bird dot good why I
mean you get two seconds and what I look
like when I my cat flap was on that yeah
yeah he looks like a merman morning
morning can afford looking at you don't
you look like your hair is like
something right now oh my god Olivia
newton-john
it's really cute okay oh yeah you want
to come home with us this will take you
Kenny what did you just say you had big
balls go man come here oh goodness
Oh run the other way when I can't say
sugar packet he looks like he's drunk
yesterday when we were walking by I was
like wow those are really really close
to eat there hey you drop that bacon
technically midnight so won't be your
birthday when she comes um it sucks that
she's not here all you want you want
this this is what do you want there you
go I guess you don't want that it sucks
that she's not here we can't celebrate
but luckily she's with her mom and dot
Devon Justin do she gets home we'll go
maybe out to eat or something if it's
not too late maybe just do something
tomorrow but yeah it's Ally's birthday
so make sure to wish her a happy
birthday and if you couldn't get any
more awesome or today oh it will it will
cuz episode to dr. zomb a pediatrician
guest starring this little girl I don't
know if Lucy maybe you'll recognize her
this little actress right here I don't
know if she looks familiar or not and
Ali said all she wants for birthday from
you guys is to go enjoy the video like
it add it to your favorites and see if
we can actually get it to the front page
of youtube so i'll put a link at the end
and enjoy a friendly zombie flick what's
really funny is dr. zombie i started as
like kind of a joke the storyline
actually works out I can't actually
believe I'm talking about a doctor
zombie zombie sorry so it is our last
day okay I guess
I'm just going to start vlogging excess
giant pots spend really really fun my
wedding dress was gorgeous and then you
walk with it is magic except now we're
not that he's checking out what we're
buying are you making faces behind me no
I was four days today your birthday I
used to eat these when I was a kid can I
have this my birthday mom yes you love
those okay get some for me that I
happened pack up that's the saddest face
ever I wasn't filming that i really wish
i were see the film is your smile yeah
I'll seriousness I did used to eat milk
bones all the time when I was a kid I
used to ask my mom if I could have them
and she was like absolutely not those
are for the dog that is giant oh yes
especially presence that's not all it is
oh my god thank you there you go and
there's a bee pollen e we're going to
have a birthday cupcake we just found
this on google maps no it's durable
we're coming here
Oh God well I guess it's safe now I can
tell you what I'm getting Ali so she's
always been wanting one of these it's
like from Tiffany's they're like these
little keys because Ali is obsessed with
like old-school key she is it like a key
collection she's a nerd like that by the
way there's these cool necklaces that
she's always been eyeing and I always
like no no don't get it don't get it
because I wanted to get it for her
birthday and then we gotta pick her up
in like four or five hours I'm the topic
of getting old and senile and crazy I
was thinking about it last night I think
I posted on Twitter I thought out loud
our generation living out our generation
but us our group us right now you guys
are going to be that first generation to
wear your lives are going to be
documented on all these various like
social networks so when we're all old
and senile and crazy and we can't
remember anything we'll be able to
Google ourselves and be like Oh what did
i do when i was 22 and you'll be able to
figure it out I'm so fascinated by that
because nobody else there's not gonna be
any group of people they're gonna get to
do this first you know when you're
growing up like there's that stage in
your life were like you never think your
parents are cool my dad was the like in
the gregg allman band for like 10 or 12
years he has gold records and I used to
think my dad was not cool at that age
you know like the 12 14 year old stage
I'll be able to find these videos and
show my kids what I was doing when they
say my cool like Oh your dad oh he's
that cool huh well let me just google
something right now by then everyone's
gonna be robots and the Google Army's
gonna take over the world it's just it's
cool and it's that's me going through
puberty my voice is cracked
what do you think internet is it a good
thing or a bad thing that pretty much we
put everything out on the internet not
just us but I mean like you guys
everyone on social networks do you think
it's a good thing or do you think it's
gonna find us in the pipe up seat belts
it's gonna be a good birthday
chocolate coconut red velvet caramel and
candy
ah
you
I decided to save some for later yeah
what would she like better do you think
she would want a Betsey Johnson dress or
that little key that she's been
obsessing about and you say he okay you
think that's what it is I see so loud it
was right the key I am I know my lady
friend that was weird alright which one
that one's kind of cool that is
hilarious little kids in the Mercedes
jamming out and really pretty hard okay
so this is PS 22 I think it might
actually be the one that kids sing a
passion pit I'm not sure I believe it is
hope it is so that's really really cool
thanks for letting us crash at your casa
well that was success well that was
painless enough I mean I know my lady
friend I know she likes
you can't all you can't see what my eyes
are doing with some wearing glasses the
this is the worst thing about getting
gifts I was waiting to give it to him I
always want to just ruin surprise I
almost wanted a photo of it say hey
hurry up and get home this is my god
here it was it was oh you guys do you
realize how hard it was I know we've
already told you but when I'm when I got
the engagement ring for Ali before she
actually when she was in Spain you know
how hard I got it for I've had it for
like a month maybe month and a half
before I actually asked her to marry me
and you know how do you realize how hard
that was not to just say hey here's an
awesome ring but will you marry me I had
to find the right spot before we did it
on that what a water fountain thing
wherever but it was in my pocket for I
don't know like good three or four days
walking around Spain you guys already
know that story but still it was was
torture now it now you know it's torture
five o'clock traffic I'm so rude i
didn't show you guys ok we get it open
it'll be really funny to put like a ring
pop in here like surprise ring pop
careful remember exactly how it is ok oh
and she's different packaging things oh
I got your sack I guess you're blue see
inappropriate Charles and I just spit
all over the place what am I Sylvester
alright this is the one that I ended up
getting we get stank nice and simple
right that's totally Allie what do you
think internet did I do good okay gotta
put back in sac can I help how the heck
I already put this on here there we go
good as new
I'm officially 22 because I was born 22
years ago on this exact day at this
exact time probably blurry we were
pouring please watch your staff the end
of the moving sidewalk is about to all
right I wish we could stay here forever
but we can't we're going to go home
they had a Mexican on the ground
mr. bear like 200
more than many Eminem we're not gonna go
outside if you guys roll in the mud okay
you've had a bath you're 444 right now
you promise okay you moved okay you
shake on it you better shake on it okay
it's a binding in the state of Florida
all right to make sure nothing gets in
your foot your little wound we're gonna
make a little shoe okay tamarla cast all
right show it off there we go no dirts
gonna get on that that bag is so silly
it's working though I'm a genius hey
don't ruin your new kicks you have stick
guts all over your tongue
this part always freaks me out oh crap I
gotta get to the airport I think they're
almost here make a wish everyone Oh hate
detours I always every time I see a
detour I always feel like somebody put
the sign there and that I'm gonna go
there and then they're gonna gonna
destroy me so where's where's this
detour taking me this is what sucks
about the choices i just i always get
lost go i don't ever see the tiny signs
oh wait felt this way we're going our
way high five oh it's dark guys why I
didn't see that coming oh it's almost
not my birthday you guys see them
go back
hey hot stuff
I'm not supposed to park here but you
know what I'm a rebel like that gonna
get your number Oh fine wako happy
birthday love you happy not birthday hey
happy safe flight to kiss any of them
what are you doing up there ready for
your present I know there's so much
stupid packaging you like it how much my
mommy I was at the same one oh good
taste looks good so he's you freaking
out dude do you like it yes it was
filming they're both going out of
control Marley come on that what I told
you we can't do that it's illegal all
right so i just finished the final
export oh so they're gonna watch it
first to see if you can upload it we got
it we gotta get final approval we get
final approval it is live if not that
means i have to keep working on it
something goes wrong we get to upload it
good upload ok finally Oh finally Oh
finally made it home it's an extremely
long weekend of travel is crazy nearly
missed flights blah blah blah there's
Marley Oh is your third flight most miss
so it was a great birthday today got a
pleasant wouldn't be really funny though
about with this like if they design
these and then they actually unlock
certain things I mean good isn't this
call the skeleton key I think that's
what this designs calls called skeleton
key its supposed to like be universal
Universal key huh now you know
I'll make my birthday super special Dr
Fletcher video go aah chak de zomb a
justice doctors on Bay if you could
favorite the video this is what this is
all Ali wants for her birthday from you
guys all I want it would be the best
birthday present ever if you guys could
all add it to your favorites that one so
just go so click right here on the
screen and just add the video to your
favorites after you enjoy zombie
goodness and this is the one with
Princess targeted out of it we actually
have like a good story going here no
seriously I was just explaining at the
doc tab there's actually a storyline
like the doctor Chris's character
remember he was the alcoholic in the
first episode and then my twin brother
was in it was the brain it actually and
see if you can actually find there's a
CTFxC message hidden somewhere in the
video been hit I don't think anyone's
gonna find it but if you find the guy
found it yeah it's really tiny I can
only see I mean if you we really need to
know what other doctor professions
zombie should be maybe yeah dr. zombie
where should we take it from here
urologist I don't know look at her face
say goodnight she is so at this dog tag
goodnight that beast the world lettuce I
love I would my mom are beautiful love
you guys thank you for all the birthday
wishes you're so awesome enjoy dr. zomb
a pediatrician goodnight
it's coming other guard the waiter
where's baby at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
we're safe
you like me
Photography an early
