check out my little editing buddies I
guess that brings new meaning to guard
dog
are you guys guarding the data the data
or data I always get so freaked out when
I'm behind trailers like this it's kind
of like final destination
you stay there mr. car okay yeah I'm
where my douchebag hat what of it look
very stressed that do you have on my mom
always think she looks weird in my
clothes but she's like the same size
that I am so she looks fine you know
completely fine this cafe is adorable it
is so cute
it's a the U Street Cafe forever in
Brooklyn so come hang out it's so pretty
like everything there's so much
attention to detail I feel like that's
something that I really like about all
the little side cafes that I've ever
gone to in here because if the detail is
always like it's always like affectively
design
we're gonna pick up my wedding dress
today I'm so excited so I'm not going to
show you the actual dress
well film when we go to the fitting for
our film inside will my reaction but
we're not going to film the actual dress
she can't wait to see it on the wedding
day but we will film the entire fitting
and then we'll post on my channel later
so you guys can see it all process and
how it actually works I've never I mean
minute pork so I don't know work but
they have to like make the bustle and
you the fitting to my
like the bodice and everything so I
can't even talk alright I'm gonna put
this down until I have some caffeine
right now
yeah Marley has a tauntaun right there
she's been having this stare down with
her little doppelganger down there so
the day Marly hurt her foot a lot of you
guys were saying take her back to the
ocean because the salt water would
actually help her heal and so as we're
doing just gonna hang out for a little
bit okay you see that lady right there
poor lady's been trying to get her dog
out of that water for I'm not getting 25
minutes every time he'd go out and she'd
go after him he'd run idly she went into
the water and he swam all the way out
there to avoid her hey I thought Marley
was in a hole
let the mighty powers of the ocean heal
you Marley just don't get pinched by a
crab
so we've stumbled upon a film set right
now da Jeff goes hey that's a film track
so I guess they're doing something
I don't know what this is pretty crazy
it's like a lot of equipment so where I
Madison Avenue right now we are going to
get my wedding dress I am so excited so
that's her flagship store here trying to
get sitting just across the street and I
don't know where someone's now there's a
I cried when I walk oh that's right
cover it up did you peek can you know
likes me it's so crazy of all my friends
I always thought that I was gonna get
married less or not at all
let's go investigate we've never been on
this side it's probably more crabs holy
crap a big dog see look at this I will
show you my hand that is my hand and
that's a dog foot maybe like a monster
foot Jeep she see me boo-boo no don't
jump don't jump Marlee don't jump oh wow
okay
you gonna hurt your foot look at you
fight now good jump I'll let him get it
let him get it
your cats go bad either guy grab it
okay we're pretty
little duckies like it does amazing bugs
in the water so gorgeous
oh man that's a lot there's mosquitoes
holy cow this duck on the left just
trying to get on the platform and the
other one is watching him and he's like
no way don't you come over here oh he's
pissed just hanging out I'm right you
know just don't even worry about it man
I'm just gonna look I'm looking at him
it's like you better back up you better
back up he is giving him the duster oh
that's so mean it's like the sidewalk
got stitches and it's off those are the
probably the scariest planes ever riding
I don't think I could do that not
surprised quick which one's Zoey hey
buddy hello hey Zoey - it's so funny I
actually went down with me come on Zoey
that's really tripping me out
it's so cool hi Zoey Zoey wait is that
Zoey so go find Zoey I don't know which
one is which
how's your foot you know what we should
do we should play a game called Zoey or
not Zoey so I'm gonna show you either
Zoey or the fake Zoey so in the comments
just say number one not so with your
number one Zoey we can do this
Zoey or not Zoey Zoey or not Zoey Zoey
or not Zoey
which one Zoey which one's the fake dog
okay I give up
this is super romantic but guys playing
accordion and it's on the tango I feel
like dancing right so it's not if you
let go we all die
so we were standing outside the karaoke
place waiting for Jason and them to get
here we were standing right on this and
now the correct answers of is it Zoe or
is it not Zoe all right here on the
screen so how many did you get right
what you guys good a view if you were
very observant you would have known that
Zoe was wearing a pink collar I didn't
think I didn't know that until afterward
but still I feel like some people didn't
get it
how you feeling your foot feeling better
now salt water cleaning it it was a fun
game
I'm coming mr. pizza I'm coming oh that
looks delicious
oh it's so delicious it fogged up the
camera I decided to be a little bit more
adventurous and try to make my own stuff
crust pizza so I went and got some
string cheese and lined it but this is
this happens to every it's up this is
what sucks when Ally's not here because
when I cook I end up not being hungry
when it's done
and usually alioli eat it or somebody
else will eat it but now I just made
this giant pizza and I'm not very hungry
it smells delicious you guys want some
would you eat it I just mailed it to
everybody in the world would that be
good
homemade stuffed crust pizza for the win
all right so I'm gonna wind down right
now I'm gonna watch this movie called
Hall Pass have you seen it
see this is exactly why I want to start
a movie club because I'm constantly
watching ok it's official we're gonna
start it and I will figure out how we're
gonna do it and the next hopefully by
Monday and then we'll all be movie nerds
together this this is gonna be bad this
is gonna be a bad movie I was trying to
think of more ways to incorporate you
guys in the movie club and Phil
suggested doing like video responses and
stuff like that so when we watch a movie
you guys can post a video response and
I'll edit in the following week kind of
like what he does now maybe we'll give
away a couple shirts for every episode
you know like you know the most creative
or funny way or something like that but
I'm getting pretty excited because oh
wait this actually says rental on it
that's kind of weird I've never seen
that before
because you know this just justifies
watching movies because movies are
awesome this is my movie in my pants I
wrong because I'm a poet I dunno where
so it's obvious and I'm gonna wrong all
the time in a falsetto while I sit down
oh oh watch this movie now
ok so I think this counts is the most
ridiculous advent of technology when
your cats are playing with your iPad
they watch it and they can't you're like
oh I'll get it
this is amazing
they track oh oh oh get the laser get it
it's a good algorithm for moving it
around because it's like the yeah it's
like right like I think that both of
them he's watching it so intently it's a
little aerial there were less likely to
to go for it if the other is there fish
you're poopin that's gross
have you no shame
yes
