hey good morning I mean good afternoon
uh yeah today's i'm a lazy day as you
can see allie is still she went back to
bed she had to go to a bunch of doctors
apparently we will she lost a camera so
I think I think we may have left the
camera on a plane which is bad because I
had a lot of footage on there so
hopefully we can find it maybe in one of
these bags so I haven't left everyone
says been slipping it's been raining so
it's like one of those days where you
just don't want to get up so it's gonna
be definitely a lazy day up you're
looking at are you looking at there's
nothing over there now are you looking
at are you watching me at it I've been
using today just edit episode 2 of dr.
zomb a so hopefully I'm hoping we can
get this out probably by Sunday I just
got to have Mike Barnett do with music
again and I have been playing catch up
on emails it takes forever are you
waking up there's a couple dogs on that
I don't think you'll better get it click
her up dude
wake up at a wake up wake up wake up
wake up I had my name went about it when
I'm right up one run on one hit the
chorus of the song so I'll break it down
a little bit but you better wake up wake
up wake up wake up wake up wake up drum
solo alright charge internet didn't work
wake up wake up wake up ready to go home
yeah okay well we gotta pack up
everything then we can start heading
home okay Marley here you carry this
weight you carry that ah you drop it
okay you carry the camera okay let's go
you carry the camera for me good girls
did you pretzel for it okay the guy in
the car and Charles like what's that
smells like I don't know it's more like
a fart in a pretzel pulling a pretzel
cart that's what it smelled like it
smells like somebody farted front
that is not good for anyone oh oh yeah
made yourself at home right there huh
that's gonna be your spot yeah we just
got home and we just got we have all
these okay there's seven more boxes of
these basically merch that was just
without waiting we had delivered to
Ali's parents so we have to go deal with
all that stuff and although we have to
do a mail vlog should we do like a mail
vlog sometime this week you like you
sure cuz there's just so much stuff
feels good to be home where's our fish
gonna check out a fish sup fish a little
zombie fish so frog oh I haven't done
the favorite thing look at you know the
best thing is like I always said like
going into the refrigerator and finding
all the old crap that's not too bad
right now nothing too much oh I think
this might be fun oh if you're eating
please stop eating right now before I
share this oh look at that at the but
net oh well maybe he's ripe enough to
make banana bread stir that way oh oh
well I wasn't too bad just one
discussing banana oh yeah so on further
investigation I've noticed that pretty
much all of our food was destroyed by
bacteria and old Miss dinner in a movie
maybe sounds good just kind of relaxing
kicking it kicking it old school with my
lady friend in my two bitches right I
apologize guys today's just been kind of
like just catching up next couple days
probably just catching up because like I
said yesterday Ali literally leaves on
thursday for new york city so it's just
gonna pick right back up again so just
little ol time little little down time
for a little bit
I always played these guys they're
explosions in the sky they're amazing
and I got to see them my love of Blues I
didn't film it because I'm an idiot that
was so it I was you know you know Ali
gets like when she sees DeadMau and
Skrillex she just gets Trent and Link
entranced every time I hear this band
I'm just like I literally was doing at
the entire time explosion to the sky
guys if you don't know they are amazing
band oh my gosh this is the first time I
felt clean for like two weeks so I just
wanted to show you the carnage that is
our house right now starting with Zoey
so this is our bedroom kind of a
disaster area living room totally a
disaster area hi Marley uh yeah just
totally a disaster like everything in
our hat look at this everything in our
house just is like a pile of trash it is
ridiculous so hopefully we'll get that
sorted out pretty quickly cuz I go crazy
when there's mess and this is I think
qualifies as like way more than a mess
oh yeah there's our bathroom forgot
about that part I just picked up the
movie source code from the hashtag
ff0000 box Oh get it get it there's like
there's like quite a handful of nerves
you just got that sorry I had to do it
every time I ran from them and Netflix I
always screw up and forget to remove
things from my cue sores end up getting
the same movie I had to go get this
because I got the adjustment bureau
twice which was a great movie by the way
so I'm hoping source code is pretty cool
ff0000 next thing I'm going to be doing
is like 0000 f F Loor 08 08 08 that's
just crazy talk and don't even get me
started on FF 0 0 FF 40000 80 this is
what happens when I haven't eaten and
i'm tired you start talking about random
random stuff were you guys able to
decode the colors in the comments so
what colors did I say tell me in the
comments what I say four or five of them
see you can decode them
marlinpie o king elvin i'll just post
this on our facebook page check this out
he officially has the coolest fade yeah
for the win that is the CTFxC grit for
today do you like that CTFxC grit I
can't remember we said that yesterday in
the comments I was like that is so
clever CTFxC crit is CTFxC paid for the
win thanks to King Alvin Ali's trying to
fix my pants when it rained during the
Foo Fighter set when we do brilliantly
try to go out in the mud that was yeah
the smartest decision we ever made as
you can see there's a like little pool
stains all over my pants or what look
what the normal person would think ARPU
stains all over my pants so Ali is
that's really trying to fix them okay I
have eyes like two pairs of shorts and
you guys already make fun of me for my
other gray shorts I don't know if you
guys have any idea how to get dirt out
of pants please let me know I'm
desperately trying to figure out how to
turn this thing back on go go there you
go hi Rachel Rachel pretty much made
sure our fish stayed alive the entire
time find my hey you met him
thank you for that well we just started
source code and I just had to show you
guys this remember walking on this
bridge with little spiral things yeah
right there so we were walking down here
it's funny it's like the perfect like
perfect time to watch oh this is where
the little bakery was no it's funny
perfect time to watch this movie yeah
we're home for 30 minutes let's not piss
off the neighbors
see what you did to
it's hardly wait
we r CC a sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
we're safety
West with Josephine Harry
you
