would you hurry up seriously I keep
going like this out the door and then
she's like wait I'm like back in the
door and then she's like you ready
seriously no and you forgot your camera
no it's right there in front oh my god
this is I need an intro break
oh you are serious I'm leaving you
I'm leaving alright I'll meet you down
in the lobby women that take forever you
guys want to hear something interesting
all the under-underground stuff that's
under all the roads here in Chicago this
is actually where Batman Returns the
tumbler the Batmobile tumbler thing was
racing through there the more you know
there's a little bit this is what I was
talking about all the underground stuff
well we're like the Batmobile this has
got to be the most interesting group of
statues
careful I think they might see us oh
wait
they have no heads
this is weird and here
today's the last day of Lollapalooza
Ali's gonna get to watch a band her
parents got to see 35 years ago the cars
no not that that's a Pixar animation put
that band you know the obscure band that
rock band that your parents listen to
yeah that's it look at all the cops I
guess they're getting ready for Foo
Fighters another injury I think I'm just
like rubbing to hurting myself
constantly
oh no big deal that's just Kevin Costner
Kevin Costner back yo head is ridiculous
oh hello mr. Dave girl goodbye mr. Dave
girl well they're the cars they're gonna
drive away in a second that's uh there
they go and they're all part
oh no there they are
it's gonna be so hot dude really focus
but like
I have a haircut and I just good luck
thank you brother
so that just looks weird
that's true did you just realize that
now last day at Lollapalooza we had to
do it one more time so we'd have a
choice better than threes which one's
better I like this one oh man very
ominous weather
let's stop everyone it's okay it stopped
now started again like it's like
Woodstock it's raining it's holding
yield man he bumped is that known above
his head vomitus and how does it go I
think she's like chartoff find shelter
Jose felt like a lost puppy
we're trying to move the tent we're
gonna try to join over with vh1 over
there rather than saying their tent the
whole time we're just gonna go see what
everyone else is doing now there's all
these mud kids oh hi hey what's going
this hat check it out these are all the
Foo Fighters like equipment buses
they're four of them they have four
semis to move my everything a little bit
happier than they did a couple hours ago
though I know it was so hot it was like
96 degrees not a fan not an extra
t-shirt on put my shoes they used to be
cleaning them purple well why were white
shoes to a music festival look at the
swimming pool down there Scotty if your
body your wax Scotty is like right in
the middle this is your mother
there we go hey Cheyenne you never
called me back
somebody's gonna fall the sun's coming
out supposed to wash out all the rain
and that's something about a spider it's
not working
crazy
the best of all Hey look there's a
rainbow
do it the full rainbow
so the Foo Fighter equipment
so this is actually what's behind
everyone looking at this is actually
what's behind here
the last couple of things we were super
close to the stage right this time I
want to get right into it cuz it's all
muddy and I think I feel like the chaos
is just going to ensue the second Foofa
okay I'm betting I'm gonna bet right now
all my life is what they're gonna open
with all my life I'm gonna put it right
now in the comments what do you think
Foo Fighters will open with what's have
a game I guess he gave me to shave what
what Foo Fighters song do you think
they're gonna open with open with yeah I
don't know what do you think what song
what do you think I'm gonna slap her
that's what I think I'm going I'm
putting right now I'm having contest
right now in the comments all my life
all my life I've been secured yeah
what's the move on their song cuz I'm a
little ever long probably monkey wrench
oh I'm about to fill Brett in the bud
right now no I really don't know monkey
wrench
you're gonna go monkey wrench oh my god
you're right it might be McGurn suppose
the coop peace and sadness
this is probably a really bad idea
puddle jump I'm gonna lose my sandals oh
I just lost my foot I think this is
where things might have I think we have
the best seat
you're just standing right now hopefully
just turn into a seat yeah
Oh
Oh Marie
you lost your boy I know I was screaming
so loud like a wet t-shirt contest don't
work that go wear white - that's riots
out of every one of us
yeah so remember the last time when I
Swan dives in the bud tunnel at home at
the dog park and I was joking about this
Carrie I think today everyone is going
to be sick that felt so disgusting I
think it was like a students like lead
to something go this way oh we're gonna
go touch the dead mouse or dead now Oh
you Bobby take care man okay again just
like Jason last time nobody would pick
us up when you find a good person every
once in a while you have to seek that
milk yeah we're a little far
Ali really likes that bounce pretty
funny go from Foo Fighters over here
isn't it
I gotta go catch up with a loser and
everybody would admit it but like
deadmau5 and Skrillex for this type of
music are really really good anything
else I get really annoyed with you know
welp Luther's over yes it is over this
is this is crazy look all these people
that everyone so you know you you have
to end a festival with a rainstorm you
just I feel like that's the ultimate way
to end the written ha like a music
festival yeah make sure like if you
haven't seen all that you to black ops
are slowly loose if they have an archive
and I think on to Door Cinema Club if
you look at the bottom right when they
pan over to the right stage right our
stage left you can actually see Casey
and Ally yeah we got to see if we can
find che Casey and Brett I don't think
it's gonna happen I also was filming a
lot on the iPhone so I put a lot of
stuff on the iPhone channel
oh dude there's like a million one
things down there in the video
description so make sure and check that
out and take a wave of just yelling I
just at the Millennium Park Felton is
that what you just said
we're just taking up that up
is he gonna just it's poo Brown
it's got to be clean then oh yeah
clean my feet off I would have just like
a tradition with all glue this this is
like the first time I've ever done it
I wonder people just go and like jump in
the fountain like that cuz everyone just
like be like oh I found water let's do
it pretty much how you ruined new pants
don't look up her dress
that's all where's Batman that's really
funny
I think we could do it I think we could
do it weird I think I'd go up so I go up
or down never encountered this situation
before
all right so we are going to the Wiener
circle all right that one's called Bret
yep you swear to get your food basically
where they just yell at you and you have
to yell at them to get the food tickling
everybody basically I thought it'd be
really fun this way so let's do it yeah
they're a lot of bleeps a lot of bleeps
ear muffs everyone
oh good that's not as good as a we can't
do that we can't show that if you ever
come here order a chocolate shake
it's expensive but you might be
surprised you're lobbying right now and
you could be on inside just come to a
window serve in Lincoln Park of Chicago
say bye to the camera see you later
they were really nice see the thing is
there is this it's just a gimmick is
there misunderstood yeah it was actually
really good it was really okay I got I
got a hold I got cleanest the coolest
thing was just as we were waiting a
homeless lady came in and they gave her
some money to buy food when they keep
her they give her more money than the
food actually cost yeah like $8 it was
then she bought like that $4 hotdog so
we gave her more tips that I'm moving my
cameras ruined yeah is it from the rain
dad you guys see this little haze yeah
it's right on Shea's face your lens I
think the rain ruined it
all right let's go get a let's go get a
chocolate shake right wait really it was
really it was really cute you guys got
mad at me because I didn't say goodnight
the last couple nights
but yeah Ally's camera is dead so it's
got a little weird so much we're gonna
forget that fix but I hope you guys had
fun with all Palooza it was a blast but
I can't think you know everyone who
brought us out here YouTube for
sponsoring this and bringing us out here
there's other concerts that you want us
to go do behind the scenes stuff let me
know any concerts bamboozle you know
free fast all that stuff let me know in
the comments because I'll be able to
relay that and you know tell YouTube a
you guys really want to see it and it
was it was a blast
I never thought this would ever happen
you know what I mean like this is this
was a blast and as you can tell Ali is
sleeping in the background battery's
about to die
see top-left corner flashing better is
dying just wanted to show you so I
wasn't lying guys tomorrow we get to go
home we get to see Zoe Marley which I
miss tremendously also on really awesome
news I just found out that we passed on
this channel 500,000 subscribers and
that is amazing Ali and I are so happy
we were just celebrating look at her
she's still up a kind of five hundred
thousand subscribers that is amazing
three years ago I did not think I did
not think at all this would get this big
and hopefully it keeps growing so
today's secret password phrase whatever
we want to call it we kind of think of
something what do you want to call that
it will just be simply CTFxC for the win
because you know you guys are making
this possible and I'm hoping goods had
fun a scene from fighters was amazing
and it was OHS this was fun I'm just
like all smiles right now so I'll see
you guys tomorrow tomorrow we head home
good night oh there's only board Jon
effing Zoidberg
yes
with trippy
with champion
