that's kind of funny I want to pick up
the gloves over on the ground and it's
just naturally like this it's a rude
rude glove we decided that we are going
to ship a Lucky CTFxC or a poster that
we drew on so those posters a promise
will be on the website we're basically
just waiting for everything to go from
VidCon to the dftba warehouse and once
we do that we can find out I know if
there's a couple days I saw a couple
times so I want to say everything
reiterate but basically you guys know
we're waiting for the hats and stuff so
we know the head count no pun intended
so we can put them on the website you
like that mm-hmm
to kind of give back we got this poster
we signed it and we I don't know what I
drew but I think we drew different
things on it but I think once we get
some more posters we should do a little
contest to give back to you guys maybe
some hats I don't know what else do we
have on the merch type site no we still
have some merch on cdxstreamer comm so
if you do want a shirt my favorite one
is the long shirt for guys and the girl
shirt the one we just released it's like
the retro I kind of I think it's what
it's called but just go there check it
out TVXQ merch calm and I promise we'll
get the hat's up as soon as possible as
well as the posters of it a lot of words
what the whole thing is so girl
oh boy on me see the thing is I don't
look like GU cream and one of those
people back that claim I don't like the
whooping crane
not so much not so much here but kind of
here's what I'm trying to do to me yep
you see you smelly lip cream that's the
worst part you're some bats in the bat
cave
I didn't do what started a little late
it's been a busy one for us we have been
on conference calls like all day pretty
much all day which it's not that funny
obvious all not that fun to talk about
but good thing is they were great
conference policy went really really
well but they have to do some future
things that are happening so stay tuned
you might really be surprised I thank
you so much definitely well working on
this RDA thing I was telling we had some
awesome conference we had a huge awesome
productive conference conversation
here's crossed yeah everything's looking
good and we'll be aiming for ended July
and of July 2824 who knows end of July
sometime around there but I don't know
give me her fingers crossed hopefully it
works out I'm pretty pumped I just
talked to Shana who helps us with these
things and she thinks everything went
well so just got to keep the positive
attitude also I'll be a super interface
right now
I need some suggestion so we need some
suggestions so some suggestions for some
reason was hard to say we got red woods
which is huge for Ali and I Yellowstone
right Grand Canyon which I've never seen
at a Montana I just want to go to
Montana what I want to animate and what
was there like Glacier National Forest
or National Park and an Station one of
those and then somebody else said
yesterday cooks for us or cook for us so
I don't know these things are all new to
me didn't even know they existed so
please please please for the love of God
so I'm not just aimlessly driving let us
know some places and it's not even that
we just want to go to like national
parks we want to go to like some really
cold places that are maybe within
city old tourist trap I actually want to
go to Louisiana and I want to actually
want to go to no class like a cemetery
and do something like those dresses
I don't do something different but even
I was like thinking we should go to
Maine I mean I know it's totally off
half Maine master in Maine or somehow
driving to Alaska Oh like ideas like I
said tourist traps so things like the
world's biggest shoe or the world's
longest speak about biggest hey bail
bail
things like that it doesn't have to be a
beauty we would like to see beautiful
waterfalls and things like that but
goofy things along the way - I don't you
might have that that you guys might
remember on tour once we stopped at this
old it was like a new old Wild Wild West
like everything was redone with saloons
and everything it was like this was
creepy I'm sorry I'm on air well we want
to see a lot of unique different except
even if there's like really awesome
places that you think we should camp at
so I'm forcing Ally to take a nap but
she's not feeling too good and in the
meantime yeah just get some rest all
right you guys are in charge and in the
meantime I'm going to go light some
fireworks for Melissa because I got the
cool ones like a parachute dude I think
I showed you guys yesterday shoots
little dudes out of it the drone is what
I was looking for and let's see if I can
do some cool stuff do you need something
at home I don't want to be in charge of
making decisions
I was a little guy and I was a patient
reddit 3 his there was a lot more heat
there were like three that came out in
the initial those all your back out here
dressed you know they went in the
neighbors I'm afraid to put yourself you
didn't press anything to make them go
more how does that one so this is what
happened it didn't even open so my guy
died he got dead there's guards so ah
maybe different I mean it's more fun
than just exploding I love it you're
still holding it it spins like crazy man
just skyrocket
those are local bats literally almost
hit your drone was crazy well that was
really loud oh oh oh should we do this
one here are does it go this is the one
we might want to get inside little holes
out if this is your office
that was it
well I think it was supposed to go up it
did it go up they finish human right
buddy you're doing good I want to like
go like a wave underneath the drone the
other one the first one almost hit the
drought really yeah you drumroll oh it's
going
watch that drone buddy
Oh
because I'm like so scared of like
shaking oh my god I'm so glad you
expected to do that no no no it was
really pretty though are you recording
hi Barney Oh al you are miss I've got
this I've got this I don't know if I
should be encouraging this
I think that was the wrong one to hold
on earth I would imagine so why did that
one make noise and the other one didn't
because you were holding it yeah let me
do you actually start up yet that was a
recording in an IT guy hit him we had a
the button oh boy well that was fun I
know I didn't record some of those
things just stupid I was so focused on
making sure I didn't hit the drone with
the fireworks that we forgot to hit the
record button
that's my bad however that was a lot of
fun actually I like sometimes lighting
fireworks in the daytime because
especially the goofy ones like that so
that way you can actually see what's
happening the army man that was that was
cool I like that I find it more fun at
night with the big ones the big
explosion ones those are cool at night
obviously and hopefully we can find some
of those next couple days so I can fly
the drone close to them because that
would be awesome
all right now I gotta go home and figure
out how he's feeling because I know
she's feeling like crap today but I felt
really bad so I just made sure she
stayed home got some rest so that way it
goes away because right now what's going
on like three days and the last three
days the problem was that we were doing
something every single day so she hasn't
formally been able to just rest so I've
had to make her stop go go go because
she said to go go go person like myself
and she's alive we were going to rest
but then every remember we're partying
with you another barbecue and we want to
look for some RV stuff - camping stuff
we decided to come this girl
we don't want to be completely caught
off guard basically you wanted to get in
our view and go pretty much all aligned
to there we go
some stuff right there the gloves are
chairs over here hey-oh water slide
please lounge with big chair the careful
selection
will she get this one up and we got a
winner
that only took like 40 minutes thank you
no okay mister get you back Carrie
feeling that the fan named fat Jerry
welcome guys you're fed Jerry
Thank You Seattle yeah I'm tired but
great I mean I don't want to ten scale
batch area that's pretty good Danny
he's a grunge man and much is that it's
so true I miss you to come here with
everyone
I missed you oh I just can't get over
the greetings from this so they're
people oh yeah hi it's like screw you
mom I'm out every single time we kill
moments like they haven't seen us first
for days hi hi hi hi really quick just
want to say good night thank God the
drone did not go and explode with all
the fireworks
I can't believe half the time I wasn't
in recording you think I'd be able to
remember a simple thing that I'm
supposed to do every single day but got
some pretty cool footage just showed
Ally that one with the fountain that
just kind of shot around it did not know
it was going to do that well the other
fountains were just that one just shot
oh I love it
this one right here do you notice how
everything just kind of went around
saying just like perfectly it's like I
almost do that like I planned it you
know what I did that on purpose
all right well I hope you enjoyed
today's video please don't forget to
click that little like button and I will
see you guys tomorrow
have a good night by the way Ali still
pillows back you just knit though all
right it's all fish all right bye guys
