look at this this Airport is so tiny so
good morning guys we are going to we're
in Long Beach Airport wait what where we
JetBlue we're going to oh gosh I don't
use my nose to fix this anyway so good
morning guys we are we're going to
Lollapalooza we're gonna Chicago hey
Shay hi y'all where we're supposed to
all wait you're checking a bag this way
we can do this
look at that perfect see that's how you
pack forty nine and a half forty nine
and a half yeah I was 5-under yesterday
I have sent mami tarde off and we had to
take some out of her bag this was like
fifty nine pounds mmm like a hundred
pounds fifty on the dock
oh hi how's it going fools are you ever
all getting ready to go right so we have
to go outside oh this is so cool we have
to go outside through security it's
interesting and that's actually where
you get your bags outside that's so cool
the venture was ignore the noise but
this is where we are now this is where
we're going for some time traveling
internet which one shaycarl so chasm
what band are you looking forward to
seeing most I'm looking for even though
this is gonna sound stupid I want to see
music with my muse I just saw them
everything to go and rage yeah so you'll
want to see kill Coldplay you have to
choose between Coldplay Muse will never
just say I like like Coldplay I'll give
you to say Coldplay of one of these
vlogs even if it's like in Chicago I'll
just come back to this place like
Coldplay what's going on that's never
good oh maybe one of the the shadow
get better guys want you to pay
attention hey look I have four pieces of
paper count one two three four I'd say
put your hand over that now there's like
one eight no way that is oh yeah now
there's like 32 I'm pretty sure you were
just tearing a behind your back
we're getting on the plane late we got
our own plane heading to loser I'm
excited this is actually gonna be the
biggest concert I've ever gone to I'm
hearing that maybe a hundred thousand
quarter million people not that many
people not that many people she's I'm
gonna have like serious anxiety our
powers combined there we go we're safe
we're safe now almost everyone's on the
plane now I know the lady you want to do
the legroom dance with us thank you yeah
there we go
we're bringing more people in on it
all that stuff
peekaboo
all right Ali doesn't agree with me with
this that look like the Nero that looks
like the Nero this hit the plane good
job
have you ever noticed that things that
you do are same traditions that we do -
I know yeah where's mommy tired
where's mommy darling no smell delicious
tasty it might my gosh it's your
mustache okay
it's a mustache no no no no it's not as
mustache
Charles just smelled my mustache so a my
slogan snowy myself I should know you
got shit you got it on my oh my god
what's that band called that plays a
song in my place and yellow
I wouldn't know what do you think this
is what do you think what do you think
maybe traffic there's actually more
traffic here than there is in LA which
is actually kind of amazing the real
crunchy Oh what are you doing like there
I just login because I'm in all these
vlogs so I'm like I mean you feel like
you're vlogging funny stuff all these
live it's mine
that's the Sears Tower right over there
to the right and just look how big it is
compared to all the other skyscrapers
it's crazy big
oh shit
count the flip cams so we are here in
Chicago first time ever here I go down
the road want to die we gotta go
so this is our home away from home for
the next four days there's a bathtub
there's a shower wait where is it toilet
are you supposed to just like go in and
oh it's I knew that toilet why is it
hidden what's this oh that something was
gonna be like hidden in there and then
we got a closet without further ado the
thing you guys are waiting for the bed
test as presented by Ali up video went
live weird safety first safety first
when doing a bed test
always safety three two one good oh you
know what let's do bed test in slow
motion we haven't done that okay get
back up there go up there one more time
slow motion
I feel like we should do the
super-slow-motion bed test every single
I want to do it you know what I want to
do I'd never get to do it hold on
watch the knee it does most of the work
the rest of the body usually follows but
brent has stolen her I have chosen you I
it's very awkward I don't think they're
cool dude run elevator guess what
see you all right wait look out tall
Ezra is compared to you it's like twice
the size
oh it actually shows up here wait
actually did say this with the proper
accent
there she did squidding there's a baby
octopus again you want to get that all
about that shut up
you've been watching shark week too much
I don't think it's soy sauce Peters like
all about the steak right now what's the
word you hate again I got lobster quiche
oh yeah no Peter and I share hatred this
yeah they're both I don't want to thank
any of them we share a common like
hatred for the word abuse to say sheesh
it's a gross word and you've heard of a
bread bowl this is a Parmesan cheese
bowl I've officially seen everything you
got it - I got it - oh my god killing
that cow's urine I didn't kill it I'm
just gonna here's this dinky compared to
his - you dance ears I'm actually gonna
call a squawk
I wonder what he could use in mine mine
are pretty messed up matter beyond these
too much maybe a few bars those are some
snazzy snazzy kicks right there Shay
let's see these I know your shoes
they're supras they're like tennis shoes
and then he likes let me just show you
hello Chicago's never not very friendly
friendly not the first this is not the
friendly City is it I don't know I blame
you for everybody in Chicago okay okay
just take a gander at this straight up
it's making me so dizzy really that's
just beyond gorgeous right there Ben
just explained to me this is actually
from the fugitive which is an amazing
movie what you lived here this is
allowed
yeah okay
to funny
oh yeah probably
oh it's majesty
Casey Shays brother just you need to
just you know if you like my I like my
face if you just saved Ally you saved
her because basically like what you're
watching right now well not does the
aftermath yeah you did do not feed
pigeons now it really remembers our
resembles grand theft auto
I don't know this is great this is
absolutely amazing
nobody party was amazing
the Michelangelo he does do that all the
time
self by
mere who's the fairest shake all of all
Bloody Mary Bloody Mary I'm gonna say it
one more time I've got Mickey I will say
it I will say it I will
I don't Internet I will do it Casey I
will do it I have all of you now we
won't do it we won't do I'm a little
scared actually be honest with you okay
I think he's winning
you can't do two i won ah oh I guess you
could have time how about I hate those
things so much Oh Ally stuck
she's infinite loop already guys so
tomorrow is Lollapalooza and I just want
to say thank you to youtube for bringing
us all out here they're actually gonna
be screaming this on YouTube calm such
low Appaloosa I'll have a link at the
end of this that will link you right to
it but it's just yeah YouTube becomes a
slope losses so you can watch
Lollapalooza live from your own home you
don't have to be here so if you're
anywhere in the world you can watch it
so see if you can find any any youtubers
out there in the audience and I hope you
guys enjoy it links in the video
description below if you want to just
click down there but yeah tomorrow's
gonna be interesting
let me know if you have any questions
for any of your favorite bands like I
said yesterday let me know in the
comments and I will I will seriously we
will all try to make it happen so I will
see you guys tomorrow
get ready for some awesomeness this is
gonna be cute 250,000 people I am I'm
genuinely scared of that amount of
people so goodnight guys I'm gonna get
some rest
see you tomorrow
if we wait
yes
with y'all trippin
yeah
with Harry don't forget to
