welcome to Costco I love you oh my god
one time this could be one time this is
this is as tall that's as almost as tall
as you
as tall as you my boyfriend
there's like the worlds are just bare
that is really cool how did we get that
back to Florida 40 like 10 seconds into
this vlog and I'm already excited oh by
the way 10 cool points for anybody who
knew what movie we were just quoting at
the beginning
that's not exactly wholesale gr5 just a
half a million dollars no big deal
welcome to Costco I love you
I think we're gonna get in trouble again
no this guy watching you right now
you're gonna get in trouble boy
its tang only astronauts and monkeys
drink that I honestly cannot remember
the last time I drink tang oh I remember
why I don't we're gonna get kicked out
of Costco but they love us jess is
trying to get our contacts replaced and
Ali and I are hungry so we're just gonna
go to every single thing and see if we
can get free samples all over the place
because you know they have free samples
of food and drinks everywhere this is
how we're gonna get our lunch today
the fun way are we hunter-gatherers
right now we're foraging for sustenance
and toilet paper thank you mmm delicious
oh god what next I think I see another
one over there let's sneak up Ali you're
gonna get caught
get a sneak up
now we run away get a run away they're
gonna catch us I got more I got more
we're foraging yes wait I forgot where
do we park we got working fire I always
remember I always remember I didn't
drive getting dry it's not my fault
don't make fun of me you are now gonna
taste the difference between a Slurpee
and and I see
DICE's are way better look at that
delicious is so much smoother critical
decision which band-aid does Ally get
just because SpongeBob's on your your
boo-boo I suggest shortcake there we go
why don't they have any manly kind
there's no no band-aids are sexist I
want some male band-aids band-aids for
you Dora the Explorer do for Joe's
Channel and I'm not gonna tell you what
it is but it involves pads what was that
oh hi oh hi you live here oh hi I missed
you I missed you too since so long
yeah oh not much what do you family wait
what's going on I cannot wait to go to
Chicago tomorrow good luck guys look at
this Joe I'm suing you on your set I got
ya you know I heard that the best
annotation is yeah right like I'm part
of say what I do for the love of YouTube
I get a minor scratch and make it a
bigger deal than it is just so funny
it's just like it's nice and calm here I
just pan over and it's like it's like a
disco party is this the discotheque over
here it is hot oh yeah it's like a
lightsaber stab stab stab stab
Zorro rule number one you're in a corner
what you gonna do what do you do you
lost no
No how am I gonna film I was holding you
my mouth was a tripod ah now where they
go
fuck this is wrong way I think it was
like we're trying to beat the girls
what's up there I don't know too much
coffee
hi what's going on
why does everything have to vomit just
as I said that it stopped
I actually own that my dad gave it to me
number two
we finally got over here and we're
leaving first thing in the morning oh
then it's true say Bradley can everybody
do it it's actually a good question
I've actually been people have asked me
if you condition your beard do you do it
tomorrow we have an early flight we have
to be up in five hours I'm Shea and
everybody's asleep right now oh yeah
we're going to Lollapalooza we're gonna
go see hopefully we're gonna be a little
basically what's happening YouTube music
it's sending us out there to record
behind the scenes backstage of
Lollapalooza so hopefully we're gonna be
able to meet the Coldplay news young the
giant explosion to the sky Ratatat all
those people are gonna be there and I
think Skrillex might be there so if
there's any bands that you really want
us to try to record and interview or
anything like that
tell us in the comments and we'll try to
make it happen but we're gonna be out
there for three days with like shake ass
some nice Peter lisanova and a bunch of
other people so it's gonna be really
really insane so I'm gonna get to bed
now I'm sorry today's vlog is a little
short but it's just kind of it's a
little bit crazy right now so okay I'll
see you guys tomorrow
and uh yeah it made sure in the comments
let me know who you want us to see
happen
wait
where's the esse
giddy with trippy
with grippy an ally don't forget so
anymore
