yeah there's nothing kind of creepy
Joe got it from I don't even that
there's some store I think in love with
it so we're having a battle he just does
not want me to have his prostitute
hooker yeah her duck or what is that
even a duck I don't even know what that
is that's a chicken duck thing but we're
having a battle and he just doesn't look
at this he does not want to let go so
what don't blame because of this is
you're jumping the gun here little man
he has a black color Oh stay hey sit
yeah credit time now you want to come
over now though no the karate chops over
whose party is it up stay stay
oh there's too much pressure stay I
think I'm gonna need two of these I
don't know that's coming up dude look at
this where this trip that I'm supposed
to be eating your food okay good
perfect yes it's really calm but
everything looks so good
this huge dish is biscuits and gravy and
everything and you're not thinking I did
yeah
I needed the salt that okay the salty
and sweet that's a bower you like the
smallest person at the table now you
know that I'm gonna put all of this away
right that is an awesome hat you just
frame them so you can also get the
phrase revenge is beautiful and just
random food yeah the gift of LA keeps
giving we're about to shoot in another
video today we're going to this place
called Vaughn's I don't know it is some
thoughts advance that was advanced or oh
so what's on your shirt there Olga oh
right and so what just happened in there
we were checking out pay for our food
and this grandmother came up just like I
did when I can't read shirts I'm like
okay so she and I'm like thinking to
myself okay this is either gonna go
really really well or really really not
so well and we were expecting like a oh
that's so rude
now that you have the Internet by the
balls - good job hey could you believe
it he used to be with the only
Philharmonic that's a magazine that's
amazing no it isn't we went from one
tiny dog to another tiny dog this is a
tiny dog vlog it is number two shooting
Iran gone good look at this shirt look
at this shirt I'm wearing right now I
don't even know if you can see it we're
getting the shadows there's this
nineties what do you think I just wear
this all the time time time what are you
doing don't go in there I'll see testing
this is what happens when you just like
shoot without a permit yeah and this one
I'm supposed to be playing somebody who
is blind and deaf see if I can do it you
believe in me
this is Chris's brother hi where's Ben
we lost Ben this is puppy this is
becoming a dog vlog I just realized how
many dogs now are you hearing dog vlog
all right this is preppy okay focus
preppy is a beautiful office oh it's
very authentic thank you I like to think
that one day I'll have an office like
this is my I know I'd say it's more
likely than me having any other kind of
the prop Department really went all out
on this one yeah holding a lot of favors
there's a rollerblading accident it's
very detailed actually yeah what's in
there oh wow that's
yeah that's good I like that okay so
we're at The Tempest Freerunning Academy
this is ridiculous it's some insane like
parkour place and I just saw Shane from
weeds just walk out to his car and grab
something and I kind of flipped out a
little bit so I might talk to him a
little bit
this is so amazing there's no say with
fairness right
oh my gosh that's so awesome I'm zooming
and I'm being paparazzo paparazzo let's
watch him clip he's gonna go do a clip
there's so much crap I really feel like
I should become all of that's awesome
this guy is nuts oh my god that's cool
I'll give you Becker
I'll give it back sorry and on the set I
know I'm a child how do you hold this
like for 12 hours I just got to show you
the fanciness TJ has right there
drinking water out of a wine glass
that's this is how this is how we roll
shall we stay hydrated it's always stay
hydrated it's important people this I'm
just practicing haha good Doug he's
stalking it look at this guy in the blue
shirt
of course he stops it right away it's
like my cat this is like the best that
we've ever ever worked on I think it's
like great production design this way do
we love the skyscraper in the middle of
the office yeah I mean the perspective
we don't need perspective in this I
don't know if you guys can hear but our
shot is getting cuts cut short isn't it
you guys recognize that little Foodmart
that's where I stalked Chris Stockton
right there stalked him good stalked him
good
we stopped real good yes you did Tripp
you don't stop I did how are you dead
babe I have you filmed
filled a lot of videos
some sort of is this some sort of
gourmet burger place that this is this
is the menu wait have you been here okay
the truffle burger do oh my gosh it
looks delicious only in LA when they put
the stamp of the the logo or the name of
the restaurant is it good yeah so all
the girls win in that car and the two
awesome men myself mr. Joe nation yeah
we're gonna go what we're actually going
on we're gonna actually hand in our man
card though tonight though well what's
the movie called Crazy Stupid Love love
and apparently they're shirtless guys
yes so you know we have a counter of
three three times Ryan Gosling can take
your shirt off before we walk out yeah
all right if we get a boner we'll be
really
that's cool
Denis dinner
okay so I'm gonna try and trick this
person into thinking that I have a pass
for this part but this is Universal
Orlando
should I start crying yeah whatever okay
girls smile that's hard
we'll take general parkings the failed
feet is where the boobs
I just hope that you know that she's my
family
you heard it first here on breaking news
I'll show him your plugs guy showed me
plugs look at that we're twinsies we
have the same one
twinsies I don't know I've never met
anyone else with the same plugs you need
to get them now it actually feels good
it feels like a zombie movie like all
these lights and just like five people
alive you're crying for the movie hey
I'm gonna see if I can pick up Joe again
I think you would you better to pick him
up let him play I just had a thought I
just I just body going on camera Olga
you all
yeah he's so strong why don't you do it
try yeah high five you know Ali won't
even let me try it that's because I love
all the cliche moments the happy cliche
moments you all you could hear though
everyone's quite like quiet and crying
and just Tony's giggling in the corner
yeah
I know you love me I know is there a new
look for it is little creepy they left I
gotta do the matrix and I was like oh I
thought you'd always be mine Muto when I
was 13 I had my first ball but we gotta
cut it before have to pay royalties now
the waiter
worse they be a Texas
which all tripping
with trippy an early
