all right we're getting ready to leave
VidCon but I just wanted to show you
this view now that the smog is lifted
it's probably one of the greatest views
in the entire hotel just check this out
though the world really how are you just
so hot you're not supposed to be up here
is that Beverly Hills and now the hot
factor is gone
this needs to be said that yes this has
to be said all right we are here with
mr. been my father's mr. man mr. Ben Ben
and before we even get into the vlog so
we're shooting episode 2 of dr. Sam Bay
as you know Bane has a glorious beard
usually but he had to shave it to get
makeup to become doctors on bay so my
girlfriend my girlfriend actually broke
up with me immediately yeah so
absolutely do to make it up his life
it's it's terrible so what we're gonna
do is we're gonna have to CTFxC make it
up so please if you're not subscribed to
ruin the Internet
it's right here on the screen and in the
video description go over there
subscribe and tell them it'll be ok Ben
it'll be okay it'll be it'll be right
slight from the sorrow that's gonna be
the next ten years of my life which is
how long it takes me to grow a beard
I know there beardlovers that are out
there that will sympathize with with
that with parting from the face the face
hair and you you did it for the CTFxC
dude and for the internet and for all of
YouTube I back my beard hair I think
we're gonna get jumped yeah probably
this is Western Way by who a family of
four we're getting some makeup on this
is Artie he's Brittany and you probably
seen them in shades videos when Shane
the cast on we're getting the face cast
right this little room right here so you
probably saw that a while ago but we're
over here now because we're gonna be
shooting episode two of doctors on Bay
as you saw there will be about 20 a 20
of them we go back to the future to
best-best back to future two best one
ever
oh I'm serious I honestly have no I'm
serious right now
I think you think three yeah there's a
moment in the third film where doc says
this is heavy and I would ready says
Great Scott best moment to the entire
truly okay so now now you're gonna be
doctors on Bay and we are no longer
friends
it's good
what's the secret to getting into
character is it zombie yeah it's hard to
say oh eating flesh limping a lot of
cardio or hose you have to be able to
lumber very great distances don't take
the stairs
Oh brains and like skateboarding
actually I like to be in the kitchen as
much as possible I spend a lot of time
shopping at Sur Lata because they just
have so I just got a great mixer and I'm
really looking forward to making some
cup frames and I wanted to get a he just
keeps going and then I also wanted to
have an avatar face tattooed over my own
face can you do that there we go
that's looking pretty good okay guess
what's up a cell phone
Oh am I not what I got important calls
to do this is that the mass that I was
talking about that she did and that's do
you guys remember the Iron Man challenge
you remember that that actually no this
was the beard challenge when che saved
his what was a year I think and yes
that's actually his beard hair che
you're so creepy I've never been there
before
did you get two pieces eh those things
are cute yeah why it looks a little sad
in full full happy that looks good
you guys are awesome they should do for
a living or something you know what I
mean like maybe I don't know yeah your
scrubs on look at how organized they are
wait whoa
no those guys you're in space your
cartwheeling in space your face is now
and your face is somehow a football
field too because because he has a green
face and the chroma key doesn't work I'm
just now realizing you're gonna get food
with the zombie pick up everything raw
please
uh yeah and if you have brains it would
be great thanks that's pretty sick
what what is
huh
I'm gonna have really are you sure this
is our shoe hello yeah
this better be miss invited we just
invited me he just happened oh yeah I
think I got a camera it's funny can I
rip some peanut butter on to bring it
down to our level Oh princess start play
Billy Joel
I think it's Billy Joel so if you
haven't figured out who the special the
guest is you can tell we're at the the
the Shaytards
castle oh hi baby darn hi
she's watching she's watching Tinkerbell
coconut it's delicious I got it on the
beach you know what I heard a study that
the same stuff that's like Gatorade is
the same like kind of stuff in coconut
it's like the oh the milk like gods
Gatorade there it is all the nutrients
we never needed you have to stole it
yeah well you know about that and that's
your job yeah it's like looking into a
mirror putting in physical danger
shaking up this is this is Ron by the
way we haven't formally introduced him
he's look at his rig he's making this
happen right now we gotta know we have
them here filming dr. zombie I like your
band oh Jesus how'd you do it and action
we have a cheat you got that syringe
thank you for letting us borrow your
daughter she's a great actress she is
Bridget are you on set okay are you
excited now now look sad
now look sad see would we were trying to
find a little girl for this she's the
only one that just popped in her head
now act like your credit score just
weren't really dead like only far down
like that well a 500 head action this is
blowing in the would like a dog with his
head out the window man I feel bad man
that's like a lot of latex in your face
that's true it's true you guys are good
directors the camera you two are very
good directors yeah to Florida state
school this is Ron - this is what this
is what you have to do YouTube you
surround yourself by very very awesome
funny people and they awesome yeah yeah
oh you're warning me that it's good
thank you
Gonstead please and action
go Chris your turn shape that Smurf is
amongst the most terrifying things I've
ever seen in my toy he's like I'm making
your cheeseburgers what punch buggy no
punches back reach rekt so was a rap
over at the the Shaytards and Princess
started
she didn't excellent as my my
stepdaughter going to your house alright
we are and we're gonna go try to film
the rest of this er we're totally on
schedule right now we're like three or
four hours behind but it's cool because
we've only got about two oh that's yeah
you're a scary zombie smile makeup kind
of creepy yeah hey Walter
there goes a little bit creepy too I'm
gonna leave now
it's very edible it's that looks
delicious
have you ever felt love like that though
and undying love until some traffic cop
comes along that's a wrap Oh dr. zombie
episode two in the can everyone going
through the there I have blood on my
hands where did that come from you know
you're in LA when there's a random
toilet there on the side of the road
right about the ranks you're not taking
poops on the celebra thank you look who
we found we just finished shooting
episode two of dr. zombie it took longer
than we expected if we started at about
12:00 or 1:00 and is 1 o'clock right now
all the cool kids were doing it so I do
it oh this has been so much fun
everybody leaves a little love note so I
left one tweet you guys start crying
right now
I love her videos what's up hammertime
Oh
oh yeah guys it's time to go to bed
tonight Justin
I actually I was like wait who's
standing there over Wyatt this is
actually got a funny he does feel safe
doesn't he did he move closer because I
thought he was over here he's I guess I
would be pretty scary for some intruder
I don't know on what level but anyway
guys yeah I'm just gonna lay right down
here cuz that hurts
yeah so as you can see we were filming
all day today and I wanted to make sure
I found his budget behind the scenes I
possibly can so we would have an awesome
vlog so today it was pretty cool anyway
guys so I hope you liked today's video
it was fun it was good we're gonna be
shooting again tomorrow so that should
be pretty cool and I'm just gonna pass
no I'm just knowing I'm just gonna like
basically plank my way onto the in to
sleep in the slumber and if you liked it
don't forget to click thumbs up and tell
me in the comments I will see you
tomorrow get some rest
it's the other car we wait
worse yet sexy
with trippy and alley
with European re don't forget so anymore
