good morning guys as you can tell I'm
kind of losing my voice yeah it's not
pure Bertie sucks
anyway last day of VidCon it's big
account I was rushing down to meet up
with Ali at the food court and I met
okay this is Matthew the Casper one and
he was just showing me something he's
like I know you're gonna go eat but I'm
sorry you know you have to show you this
all right ready ready okay this is not a
magic trick
oh my god
can you explain is that a metric trigger
huh Oh how did you discover that I had a
giant seven foot three names George the
Giant he's a source Waller taught me how
to do it when I was working on a movie
with but that's not your mouth that's
your nose my nose wait a minute I'm good
years here's the game he's gotta throw
the cracker in my mouth the shade has to
stop the crackers and going into my
mouth there's a cotton ball filming oh
she's not to do take after that one so I
was gonna do a panel with dance Britney
and mr. mr. totally sketch every time I
see him I just think there should be
annotations all over your body right now
this is every time you see Gallagher
it's just like click here you're
interacting I blink yeah is the king of
the interactive videos gonna be doing a
panel on online presence and just just
follow her you won't lose her for these
x7b policies not at all
and we we should have taken a poll
because this cool is this is I'm sure
most people prefer to see it like this
only be laughter just amount with no
filling the sword slide
you're very honored to be here for me to
perform a couple of songs for you live
have you got a job yeah good know that
super she's leaving were sad was the
most Asian thing you've ever done
oh my god
okay so you're gonna have to say what
we're doing I like him thing better than
my thing we're merging the two merging
the tubes it was a big explosion there
was like a lot of energy emerging I was
just crazy it was a merged lotion that's
what just happened I'm fine are you fine
high five we're fine right so every time
we see mr. self Ricky over here everyone
says that we look alike and we always
would say are you polish the fillings we
would only agree to our Twitter look at
that photo we now see it it's in the
eyebrows and the beards like never again
did you look like Ricky Martin
Wow I get Ricky Ricky Martin I'm so
fricking once you see it you'll shit
bricks Jason just turned 26 DDR USA so
everyone say happy birthday for like 2
or 3 days now and I've been seeing all
these play buttons Brian your example
just play button right here see this
giant play button thing up everywhere
and I'm liquor if you click on it did
you click on on the video right now
there's a play button it will take you
to another video
so let's do an experiment guys just
click right here and see if it does
anything right there if it clicks is it
clickable I don't know see if it takes
you anywhere the power of VidCon will
take you to a special video wink did it
work
freaking awesome magic of YouTube yes I
got the idea yesterday but I forgot so I
had to do it if you have no idea what
I'm talking about you obviously didn't
click the video
pretty harmonica you can actually you
could eat it's like a pill sign used by
baby tard earlier today
it's actually not as nice as you would
be they know I've known him a very long
time and he's mad that night I'm trying
to find Ali and I found Rihanna and
Kendall rising Suns are my food
this is kind of trippy
they ready touch it I'm gonna touch it
sir we're gonna check out your gun we
start with start big time with Tony with
a gun we're gonna end in talking with
Tony with a gun that's the only way to
do it
Oh Tony you're so crazy just his phone
which is per phone go
yeah same background I did just like the
best way to end a night I'm just in here
feet next to the fire is chilling some
good friends relax
this is Hasan's my california it's just
the world there's a TV - oh my god is
Pablo he's got an awesome mustache I
don't you could buy barely I would have
to turn up the fight I'm gonna have to
pick up the brightness on this thing
I gotta get the bed early because
tomorrow we're gonna be shooting episode
two possibly three doctors on day yes
we're gonna be shooting it should be
really cool creepy always are creepy hey
so I hear the squeaking sounds so funny
do this it always is that fine before I
could that I actually have to show you
something we're gonna try to do okay so
if you didn't click the little play
button on the last thing when I was like
wicked we'll see if whatever you know
there was a little hidden a notation in
there I surprised a big thing so we were
gonna do another one right but it kept
getting script because mister wanted a
lyric kept sending people in so
basically what we were trying to do was
Ali was gonna stall with a camera it's
gonna peek up and it was gonna be one of
those like off stop following me type of
things just like the last one if you had
no idea what I'm talking about just go
watch that last one so what ended up
happening was when we were doing it
Derick walked in he was like wait why is
her camera so that way you know we had
this reset and then he left
and they ended up sending Dave and Danny
diamond and a bunch of other people in
there while were filming and so I didn't
that was so funny that I just wanted to
put it in the vlog without making it
like a secret annotation so that's what
this is recording
I'm not supposed to be in here
you're in the back alley that's one a
day Derek I'm not going to film over
there but yeah I have figured I should
just show it to you guys then I guess
I'm gonna go to bed now I gotta find my
room I have no idea with my roommates
port why it's been at the hospital and
feeling really bad oh please no doc doc
doc doc how you feeling miserable oh
geez
everyone needs to go over to grad life
and tell him to feel better pretty
awesome day VidCon John John and Hank
man the vlog brothers did an amazing job
it look oh she's gotta end it's just
like last night it's beautiful view and
there's all hey there's the same
people's last time I think hi I think
the exact same people who said hi
so today the secret phrase should be
CTFxC Plus nerdfighters equal awesome
nerdfighters all you see tf-x here's
where I hear it was awesome and we don't
actually go home for another freaking
week all right well I'm gonna go bed why
it's gonna pass out
let's see it today yeah
good night guys
it's the other RV wait
were safely at sex
with y'all trippin
would be an ally
don't forget anymore
