morning morning everyone
hello it's for the early morning we're
just good morning hi what is that a
puppy this what's your puppy's name
Isabella
it's a very pretty name for a puppy
starts good to go we gotta go the back
way
I guess this make it quicker let's go do
the kitchen again how are you I'm great
hi how are you don't follow the guys
with the cameras we're not paying
attention everything explodes okay would
have been a fun door to go through oh I
see a lot of nerve showing up hi how's
it going
throws like Cheetos Stacey I got a
Cheetos over here I'm hungry
behind every would click to play the
video actually it'll probably pause it
so don't click it right now there's Dave
Dave's gonna be playing I guess this is
fancy and then you're going on stage
it's becoming apparent that we can't
play group games here we go
action shot oh right so that's the order
right there
special guests the book I was trying to
move job guys
my guys are good we'll see in Warped
Tour yes okay Kevin Lyman get him on
Warped Tour well that's why it's
flammable okay that's a brilliant
observation there dough actually feel
refreshed you should be elevator doors
open do not become alarmed instead push
the button okay give me five bucks go
down that five five throw down nothing
love you there are some CTX tears down
there you having a stroke a pancake what
are you a banker
we just watch all the way over yeah
because we're starting that yours and we
can't do it we have to go I'm also gonna
burn a substation is that we have like
normal stuff like everybody would
possibly need in their life so I could
be travelling and then it's like all
these comic book things this is a
different store but I'm not positive so
okay we're gonna run back oh my god oh
my god my name is Seth seven one two
three these people right here are what
caused me to do this because during the
I'm just doing it for this summer if I
go back to school or my senior year okay
it's awesome whatever it was that one
that's the other option oh boy I know
but he went up oh boy oh boy oh boy
can I tell you that we just ran into
someone who we have known for years from
Sarasota I saw him across from afar hey
in the food court
sister hello this is just madness I was
like um you stopped you sir yep very
cool film school you're the life thing
yeah talking to a camera now and people
like you what hell what the hell
happened since high school this is crazy
okay let's tune this ready the song is
called tuning
I've never had you ever Justine has
apparently a bazillion cases of it I'm
gonna I'm gonna try it now I'm a little
afraid so I don't I don't know what to
expect
oh boy I need caffeine that's right
you're probably going crazy oh good
perfect
well this is just what I need but then I
buy - Tommy Carl Rove
I was talking to robe we were playing
ping pong okay it's one of our things we
love playing ping pong pencils but not
too fast I tend to choke on them how
come we're always meeting in the other
yeah
whoa can you guys see that beautiful la
smog you'd barely see the mountains yes
so we're waiting right now we'll be
doing an interview with Dick Clark
Productions I guess tube filter also
we're sitting here up in Medford done
and house hey you remember the big
circle feels where the party was last
year VidCon fine feels like I've been
chubby bunny was like over there just
think a couple down it's funny how like
you know all eight years completely God
when I was dropped from Canada is this
your first time in the States
yes do how do you like it so far is
everybody crazy okay good yeah well so
it's no big honking in LA so how did
this happen
tell me the story this happens when you
say hey viewers I'm going to VidCon and
I want a mohawk what color should it be
in that video and family photos are
everybody from their videos don't know
about Orabrush and this is the picture
what they use that is just that's just
fabulous
not too shabby I could do that
don't big deal I could totally do that I
just don't watch it right now because I
just want to make him look bad you know
what I mean apparently having a YouTube
trail up we got disconnected
where's up this way this is where we go
I guess getting in people's way he's
always working he's really always
working that's how I was recording
alright hey what's up speed Willy watch
rocking out on my new camera think flag
guys see you later anyway I hate them
they're total losers but these guys are
rad anyway
you're so Megan like for American I'm
apologizing to whatever country they're
like going between right now before i
yelling cameras in your face what are
you doing oh yeah this is why you use
awesome we don't know they are but they
know they know the play have fun there
yeah now you can have it it's actually
really cool
I don't know Internet who do you thinks
go in I don't even know who's playing I
think all these people Tony's gonna be a
first first attacker okay
it was the math problem she's a cheater
this is so funny like notes oh yeah look
at you miss new pants the eyebrow just
nailed the eyebrow every single time so
hey how's it going
does that do
let's try to make one there we go no it
doesn't work
I guess this isn't gonna work J we were
gonna have like a battle she ain't never
in a battle Internet Shaner myself best
ball challenge remember last time
destroy I don't think that's gonna work
here we go
okay you guys are about to break you
know I'm actually more proud of the fact
that we actually figured out why we
style
amazing
hey verlan so I just wanna say goodnight
I just want to show you the entire look
at that there's like two lights right
there two party animals over there you
can see the taxi drivers are probably
sleeping in their car and just you know
what a hotel looks like at night first
day day one a big ton it's more
whistling that is it this guy it's crush
him crush crush oh hey how's it going
there's some people over there yeah so
guys I hope you enjoyed today's video
and all that stuff okay seriously in the
comments
did I not destroy auto-tune and shake
Carl and basketball uh yeah I know I'm a
white boy I'm a white boy but I have
basketball skills I can't even tell if
you guys can see me or anything it's
like pretty dark it's crazy
oh it's all blurry is it has it been
blurry the whole time
no seriously in the comments you should
write Charles for a white boy you can
play basketball
oh yeah if you guys didn't know I
uploaded I think two videos today on the
bonus channel and the trippy channel so
you can click right here and check those
two videos out and keep doing it if you
guys liked it I find it fun because you
know do it really on the iPhone like
last minute just uploading it's kind of
cool instead of waiting the next day
other than that guys I have to get some
sleep I feel I feel really I feel like I
should be in bed when like entire like
LA downtown LA is seriously if you can
see there's like no traffic it's time I
got it bad so I'll see you tomorrow I
really feel like I shouldn't whispering
I'm gonna wake everyone up good night
guys see you tomorrow
don't forget that thumbs up
yes
with y'all trippin
would be an ally
