string cap with a Guinness World Records
fastest drop you mean like smooth
citizen 3 1 3 2 words minute no 11 words
a second and you're watching inter Gill
net internet jammer logic internet
killed television we got wakey-wakey
tevonn stay kids wake up anybody home
good morning Internet good hello okay so
I'm Charles Trippy I'm really sleepy so
I'm probably gonna stay in bed for like
at least another two hours
goodnight totally forgot to do this
yesterday alright we did the bed test
that we had to do the internet test and
see how long it's gonna take to get the
vlogs to you guys
EEP yep it's gonna take a while so I am
about to do a cool little panel with the
guys from YouTube and Google for Google+
we're gonna do this like hangout thing
they're downstairs in the meeting room
and I'm at my computer up here I just
wanted to say one thing is that I just
want to say thank you guys for all the
support over the years I would never
have imagined when I remember in 10th
grade when they were like don't use
Yahoo anymore use this website called
Google that in you know a few short
years I mean it was a while but I mean
it feels like like yesterday I would be
doing something helping them you only
mean it is it's it's amazing it is it's
mind-boggling and I cherish all these
opportunities and you know I I thank you
guys seriously I just really wanted to
get that off my chest because you know
you guys you guys you know not only
helped me and Hallie you know fulfill
all these dreams and have all these
opportunities to get to share with you
guys but you're doing it all over the
place all over YouTube every one of
those youtubers that are here at VidCon
are here because of you guys it's just
amazing it is amazing it's it's amazing
I should have had an amazing counter
right down there but anyway I wanted I
gotta get ready
Google+ thing you guys would want to do
it with me so we're a little bit behind
schedule the the projector isn't working
I want to ask you guys something
what is it with projectors and never
working when they're supposed to even
when I was in school at the teacher
would be like oh here let me show you my
notes you know for this book you guys
are gonna have to do up the projector
isn't working let me just write this on
a chalkboard projectors are just like
built to fail like across the world oh I
might be that this that that's that I
gotta go we're very excited so we're
down here and there's no one here but
we're gonna be seeing Olga Kay talk in a
little bit is there anybody inside there
okay I'm going in what's your name
do you have a youtube channel yeah
I where are you from I'm six tomorrow oh
that's so cool and you're here just for
VidCon battle cool that is why this
event is so amazing so brings people
literally people from all over the world
thanks for saying hi what's your name
no no just kidding
so do you have a youtube channel I know
I'm going to be starting one wants to
get back from VidCon very well and then
I canceled and now mr. net - I'm like
okay my favorite things when I first
started YouTube was seeing her video
about I just II yeah well looked all
around in the wine laying down the beach
okay we're in the super-secret VIP room
and I feel like this is a two-way mirror
and somebody's watching me it could be
creepy
so look what I just found did Han bean
bags bad test I want one how am I gonna
get this back to Florida though okay
ship it for me it'll probably be like a
hundred dollars oh my gosh
if someone doesn't have yeah if any of
you guys want to come to VidCon you
can't get her in with the hotel come
sleep on one of these bad boys because
they're honestly really I'm gonna go
with that one who says we're meeting a
bunch of people now okay I just want to
introduce you to Abby
okay my first flight my first gig ever
was New York remember the trip oh saying
New York was with her and that was four
years ago and she's disappeared and now
she's back you're bringing her back
right yes exactly
and then we got Andrew over here Andrew
okay this is I don't know if you guys
ever seen this video okay okay
everybody call my mom and be like do
their voices I had Buckley caller last
night she's like
all right so I'm walking around and I
you just gotta see this girl's hair Ali
what's your YouTube channel
there we go I decided to show you guys
the hair and then look at this hair do
this this you know what this is kind of
reminds me I've ever seen the IT Crowd
yes MA
it's totally mom yeah that's awesome and
do you guys recognize her she was in the
vlogs last year at VidCon a whole bunch
of time there you go alright well it's
nice meeting you guys yeah yeah hi this
is Luciano I came all the way from
Argentina and I want to show you
something really funny what's the seize
shirt he's wearing an annoying more
shirt but that's my face so my face is
on his on your chest I guess which is
kind of weird to say but all the way
from Argentina why we're trying to find
out where we're supposed to be more than
three apparently oh this way oh my god
you will get very familiar now do you
remember this this is where it was okay
I think we found it good job you figure
thank God we all got so lost but
Mitchell figured it out yeah look at
this
this is where all the hotel magic
happens you were a busboy yeah so that's
where I was doing three years oh it
sucks
do you watch it for a year I must win
for
what's a pantry guys Thank You cookie
cuts the best food of course oh I'm
gonna kill myself huh
okay so this is the awesome backstage
hello
look who I found I know beat you I'm
sorry
hey it's good we're gonna do our man so
many people all right so I saw that and
I knew you were gonna find it turn
around both just yeah both of you
delicious looking
those are phenomenal oh yeah don't worry
you guys would be awesome to bring it
she's really nervous okay CTFxC you got
it got to pump them up you're not
nervous are you
a little bit nervous know that not to do
all in a row oh that's right so
basically if you uploaded it on the
iPhone channel yesterday but what
they're doing how many things on Shay
but are CTFxC Toby Justine five and
buckley's yeah so five theme songs to
open up VidCon at 9:00 in the morning
butter nervous so we got up we got to
pump them up but yeah that's chaos out
there okay
are we like dancing
what does it see why oh is that what it
is I want to do a savannah display just
writing notes
I like duckies grand life why it's here
timely every pen on every we're waiting
for Justin oh yeah we're still waiting
for oh we're vlogging here everyone's
drawing it's just writing notes
I like duckies grand life why it's here
time lane every pen on every we're
waiting for Justin yeah we're still
waiting for oh we're vlogging here
everyone's drawing finally squeeze right
now been two years
that's been a long time yeah she finally
found him he's here right now we're
gonna go find everyone else no party
party party time I think this is where
the party might be oh I use a party
he's the part he is the party um kind of
lost Ally so I decided to get the
highest place I possibly can Oh
found you that's good at least I found
one of them they just tell us that comes
to the light what's going on you guys
have done a lot of things for us wait
what's going on
put the water down and we just want to
give back okay no I just do how do you
have any l-series ones die I don't know
that is the ones with the red rings I
don't think I have any of those
what
okay taken care of it oh my god let's
fake its fake its fake its fake its fake
I knew it I knew it I cannot be pranked
I cannot be pranked cannot be pranked
can I be pranked shame just don't get
dust on it oh I can't be pranked I'm
gonna go get a drink in celebrate we
finally found him it's been what but
you're gonna hear now right
Pensacola all right so this is funny how
it's like all intertwined so yeah we're
just gonna the YouTube world and the
music world is going to find it though
what is going on I'm stealing your
photos broken broken yeah we got to
focus their very artistic I like that
it's very artistic how he appears all
right there we go I don't know if you
guys recognize these people
anti-aircraft like missile you know what
I mean but uh uh what up bitch no
seriously please knock on flash bacon
look at the nice shirt he's wearing yeah
it's amazing
I had tom leezak epicMealTime bitch show
me cock show the intern a good cop I
could cut out sorry guys one beat Trevor
and Holly I apologize and Holly I'm so
rude there we go
there we go Wednesday I my who are you
talking about right now
I have to say it one time double
rainbows oh my god double rainbow yeah
right now in my game this is heaven it's
fine right now I would be happy rode in
happiness right now it's incredible it's
enough okay so my mind is blown already
guys it's time to go to bed we have to
wake up at 7:00 la what time 7:00
o'clock 7:30 in the morning the VidCon
officially starts the VidCon is not even
starting it this is not even it hasn't
even started to sell the pre stuff
justin has finally made it yes
where'd this engineers Wyatt Wyatt had a
lot of fun we're just admiring yes oh
yeah John Bay stop so yeah we're gonna
get some sleep but yeah I mean double
rainbow guy we had to end it on that so
today's like secret phrase is just gonna
be double rainbow across the sky hey hey
hey double rainbow I want to see that in
the comments you guys I also want to say
thank you to Hunter hunter Bergen for
coming out and hanging out if you don't
yes tranquil mammoth if you didn't know
hunter Bergen from AF I actually has a
YouTube channel and a Twitter put all
the stuff in the video description below
so check him out tell him if he should
make more videos also like I did last
year if you didn't know I've been
uploading up from the iPhone channel
youtube.com/ slash trippy today I
uploaded like two or three
behind-the-scenes videos that weren't
even on this on the vlog so if you want
to see more extra
stuff from VidCon it'll be on that
channel so go check it out I'm gonna try
to do more and more and make it a little
playlist because you guys really liked
it last year oh yeah guys I just want to
say double rainbow across the sky
hey hey hey alright guys I gotta get
some sleep we gotta wake up it's like
five hours
wait
worse yet sexy
get it with y'all trippin
with European alley don't forget so
anymore
