okay Marley no eating poop okay you
promise okay thank you
good morning Zoey
oh hey Marley clean her face all right
you got your cow gonna be good girls be
good girls be good girls so yeah we're
at the airport and we're kind of on time
and oh wait there's we got to go bump it
bump it we got a name that statue every
single time we're gonna come to dance
Sarasota or what we're just gonna have
to say hi to them all right so Hali
forgot her engagement ring so Lauren's
raising that did you know forth so she
had to go back through security and
they're boarding three and we're zone
four so let's see if this it actually
happened if we actually make it I'm low
afraid quite that one pen that's 12
whole 50 she couldn't go without a ring
that's it's adorable but we might be
like now oh so sorry
blocking everyone hurry up
your mom is a superhero everyone should
go at reply Lauren and tell her she's a
superhero you are not allowed to ever
take that off ever gonna have to scratch
your face gonna have to scratch it dirty
yet nope you have to scratch your face
from now on well we're not quite as
lucky as last time with the leg room so
this we have to do the sad beat dance
with wood to set pecans be alright just
my toe so that's what Lane looks like
over the sky
nothing I've ever seen right
I think we're gonna report it on our way
to VidCon Ali's gonna talk okay so Ali's
got a panel I don't know what it is or
we can't tell it again you I don't know
Ellie if you want to speak okay Saturday
can I have a panel Shay and I are gonna
be doing one as well I don't know at the
time I'll get on a like itinerary once
we land last year
and sank it was utterly insane
and I can only imagine cuz this this
year I sold out with like like a gang or
two I don't think it was a day or two
but I mean you might be exaggerating but
still so it outlooks saying like a week
or a month is impressive John and Hank
block brothers and all the people to
know putting this together it's so cool
you think about like the old gatherings
you know that sfe films you know mr.
safety just like you know they're the
whole guerrilla style just go to the
pier and just you know whatever and then
now towards like recognize thing where
like all these people are coming it's
really
52:53 guys
you know starting to make videos it's
just getting bigger and bigger and
bigger
speaking of I want to give a huge
congratulations to my very close friend
mr. Shay Carl Shay William Carlson the
third he just reached 1 million
subscribers I think was yesterday they
call them and I was like hey dude you
remember that in San Francisco in 2008 I
was when I first met Phil Shay and I
told Shay
after watching some of these videos that
he was going to be the next big thing I
need to buy a lottery ticket seriously
if a lady likes you she gave you peanuts
and cookies I think she has a crush on
you
you did it didn't you everyone knows
between their issues all right a 25 and
where are we at t we're in the t's not
start walking make it go faster
good job does this contraption you can
get all those flavors of sprite you
should get grape spray or peach grapes
bright orange grape spray my brain is
exploding give any options are you
kidding me
so we were just getting ready to get on
the plane and all of a sudden the
loudspeaker went off or they're saying
something like johnny is paging Harry
Potter Harry Potter and I ignored it for
a little bit I was like okay that's not
this can't be right and then I looked
over at this lady this little is like
across the hall and her face went like
this and she liked me like the farting
thinking face and it was like okay and
I'm not going crazy good prank a plus
prank whoever did that in Havana
it's one of those big planes like we've
been on this is like Spain did this at
Big Dance wait I don't know if I saw
that did again there we go just listen
to your Spice Girls and everything will
be okay we're almost there
right there
like 20
believe it heart are you
look it's the new iPad
wait wait we're here huh you broke it
you broke it
next why do we always get lost in LAX
this is united
oh it's okay it's okay happy thoughts
happy thoughts so we were just checking
in and a CTFxC air his name is Harris
not from Canada a look at look all the
stuff okay
brought me like a billion so I'll be
gone by morning all right look it's got
little paintings and stuff they don't
but I've a key or something this feels
like deja vu wow this is a great
favorite building I'm so happy this is
awesome wait how do you turn the lights
on yeah I do a big test I'll wait the
lights won't work no moment the waste
bed test do it quick somebody at the
door
those dudes at the door who's it can't
tell alright so Phil and I are gonna go
meet up with my actually my long-lost
brother we just found out we were
related a few years ago Brent it's Brent
and we're gonna try to meet up with them
somewhere around here this is the same
mall we were walking less not like the
last VidCon just constantly walking
around I don't know Oh memories this is
actually where I walked into mr. Arturo
Trejo where is he there's my brother see
the thing has got to look right at them
and you'll see the resemblance
can you see the resemblance right but it
is pretty crazy
you just gotta catch up and over here
like I can't do anything you got those
good genes yeah I don't have that you
got I get the whitey much everything
else I get the white trash part so like
you got the nice bushy part right there
so if you go say hi to my little brother
its Brent on YouTube now then now then
where's my bun where's my bun you don't
believe in Brit
you're a girl to face the girl I'm so
surprised oh this looks delicious so put
this down and continue to eat this and
drink this you're terrible but I'm the
evil scientist from the movie or the bad
guy okay and we also found Lyndsey title
EG marketing Jedi today as a Jake and
then they were gave me the business
cards which means it's a facial plastic
that you have to like flick to get them
out but you know we'll get everybody one
you should have done when the lady asked
for ID you should spend like being
kicked out right we don't have ranch in
England that is so weird to me I mean
it's not that way we have different crew
but that's like ready it's just normal
China with blood free second sinks my
dress is on that if you can send me some
ranch but dodgy stuff in a ranch bow and
think I'm gonna eat tendon fingernails
and hair
hey girl you look good you look you guys
we like nothing to like anymore other
than like the beers in there okay out
eventually but only when I we were
already establishing the fact that I got
the bad genes with the beard growing yes
not it's not it's fun
this is why it's just - this is good
that's nice it's like so thick here the
copyright I'm trying to get somebody to
grab that Damian you want to do it
I know I really like fall into it you
don't have to worry about accidentally
sprinkling on the tiles it's a big and
then look at how he goes into the water
hey guys so I was I was just about to
fall asleep and go to bed cuz tomorrow
morning I have to do some sort of Google
Plus keynote industrial meeting of
extravaganza
it should be pretty interesting but the
thing is it's early in the morning as
you guys know on the CTFxC I don't like
waking up very early luckily I have time
on my side because I just time-traveled
back in the past this is where I say
goodnight guys I hope you had fun
traveling you tend to virtually traveled
from Florida to California I'm gonna try
to upload as much as I possibly can on
the trippy Channel and all that fun
stuff but I'm gonna go to bed guys I'll
see you tomorrow it's gonna be a long
week don't forget to click thumbs up if
you like this video see you tomorrow
see what you did
it's hardly wait
yes
with Joe Trippi
with turkey an ally
