hello everyone hello there we are headed
down to bring the girls to Sarasota we
can go to university Potter but no one
calls with that nary Potter world also
Marley has worms
but snotted share that with you that she
eats poop 24/7 this morning I was like
she didn't need any mozzarella cheese it
was this tiny little squiggly are you
never gonna eat any mozzarella ever
again itself gotta give her some
antibiotics and hopefully she will stop
doing that to her poor little body
because that is not good for her guffaws
del Sol feel it good nice okay here's a
fun story I was walking into the store
right I got to get some t-shirts there
was two kids like toddlers maybe three
or four years old standing in the
freaking doorway right so I walked by
him just walked by the mom looked at me
she wouldn't like looked at me like this
looked at the kids and yelled stranger
danger what am i that threatening
looking sucked Dan'l Ethan so you know
how I check Blake and trade in here toy
for ice cream we did and no one wants it
you better eat that Dan'l no-one wants
free icecream what's the deal
go do it door is open so Daniels gonna
go shut it because then we're gonna
drive off as soon as he closes it I
don't know why it the door is wide open
there you go good job Dan'l I don't know
he might be on that show what would you
do and then we just don't anybody to rob
the car so good job you're a nice person
oh yeah hell yeah I need to find
something to match this piece of crap
that I'm wearing to that time we're
gonna take a look take a gander there
are two of you filming your feet Alison
yes oh snap that's of adventure here we
come I'm so excited I was a little
nervous so we're walking up spending any
of the rollercoasters running but they
are and I'm so excited
Daniel are you excited for Harry Potter
the end are you gonna we need to put an
excited count counter on the video today
I'm excited for the excited counter it's
a very exciting day and I love exciting
things we're gonna go and hang out with
lots of other excited people exciting
excitable excited it's a giant flaming
Falcon man-bird shield burn Tron okay
and giant scary got water pouring out of
his mouth he's puking
oh you're so impatient kid we're gonna
get two Harry Potter land just relax
well it seems like every time they come
to visit we go the Busch Gardens are
universal it's a true dish look at those
gorgeous rooftops of hogs meat are you
freaking out are you gonna cry look at
the archway that's hard to me that's the
entrance I'm gonna record your face when
we walk in here cuz you're gonna bring
down holy cow I just witnessed somebody
picking their nose and eating it
honeydew
butterbeer look at this Hogwarts Express
Ali can't come to Harry Potter world
without getting like 15 butterbeers well
keep the count that's what we need to
count the butterbeer counter is that
he's scared
you're not we've been on this you can
then we yeah we went on this last time
didn't go on this will not see Kim Kim
has been afraid of roller coasters but
now she's break she's breaking her fear
what's your favorite coaster
have fun
that was awesome is really good I feel
like I feel like the blue side what do
you guys think if you've been on the
dueling dragon for his blue better or
the red I feel that oh hi how's it going
sorry I was vlogging in the CTFxC or hi
ro were you from Maryland MD see now I
can do it watch out there's the dinosaur
I'm speaking of which I was just telling
Kim because she was like I really wish
that it was another Jurassic Park but
apparently Steven Spielberg confirmed at
comic-con that there's gonna be a JP 4
which is amazing only if Jeff Goldblum
is in there what do you guys think
Jurassic Park 4 you're excited for it
your name hey J paid for
and now we're all caught up to where we
left off sorry I've just never started a
vlog rate with a rollercoaster so I kind
of wanted to do that whole like
previously or earlier in the day or
later in the day or whatever it is so
you're a little confused I apologize I
just thought it'd be fun but now you you
are correct we are now at present time
I'm surprised these mobs haven't said
stranger danger when I walk by no oh my
god I my head I can't you get scared
I know what's going on Ohio courts that
right they call hard works about the
name of it go alone at this place
Hogwarts right
what Dumbledore is well that was the
ride is it tasty no it tasted like
sulfur and well I guess if it was hot
I'd really appreciate that right now
what's your name
I kind of do a shadow time anything you
want to say go go go nice meeting you
we'll see you when we're going around in
circles again we're just we're gonna see
you in like three seconds because we're
being herded like cattle right now jeez
that's a lot of warning right got a baby
on board this is an emergency
my battery's almost dead wait
every part like that available on iTunes
now
I like it Samuel Dumbledore Lovejoy no
that's actually his real name Samuel
Francis remember I always admire like
every time you go to the theme park I
always try to play the game of this if
something's not glued down or nailed
down like everything everything is just
like nailed down you're like oh you know
those like carnival games those carnie
games that are pretty much rigged we got
the guy that let let us do it with just
us for so we wouldn't got some money and
we're gonna try to win Zoey a toy to
destroy it like I'm one of those big
toys since what we're just gonna be
buying it because we're gonna kind of
rig it a little bit no where's Ally
I already scared oh you're going down
talking trash I just talked to you all
right we're gonna try to win one of
these just go up you wet it you buy it
this one's mine oh I want to you want to
open in the comments below before we
even start
who do you thinks gonna win you think
hey Daniel Kim myself or Ally
all right
this is Jay I think so it's like it's
like broken dreams yeah it feels like a
beanbag
oh she's feeling it rigged were you on
his team did you guys pick him you did
she's shame on you I was ashamed that's
a huge one yeah now it's not as cool you
got a Cal dude we switched it out
because it was like made out of like
bean bag material you know the phones
and I feel like Zoe being as excited as
if she always gets you know what she
gets a toy that she might inhale a few
foam pieces so we switched it are those
Potter pals Internet's never be this
type of person don't just leave trash in
a parking lot because you're lazy CTFxC
you better not do that do you do that I
will find you and don't do it just so I
come and find you because then I'll be
even more mad this is a huge fail I was
just I thank God I checked my bag yeah
so I had fireworks in my bag that I'm
bringing on my carry-on and I get on an
airplane tomorrow go through security
that would have been awful that that
you'd think that's all that would have
done I think I probably would have been
questioned for like five hours oh man
have you ever done that just like left
like a pocketknife my mom actually left
a pocket knife in her backpack and it
was a interesting she got she didn't get
questioned too long I think she just got
held back for like 30 minutes or
something who out there I'm hoping to
shoot maybe another episode of dr.
zombie with ruin the internet and um I'm
trying to find all the props and I'm
afraid to like go do you think the other
their lines would be kind of weirded out
if I had several severed hands your
magician oh hi
I know were you telling me you have worm
yeah Oh what is this did he give you
your toy that he won for you go get it
so my guess is that I can I see it
really quickly I'll give it right back
the eyes right here probably gonna go
first aren't they do you want this is
this what you want you want it back I'm
stuck okay you know what you got today
anti worm pills that is your toy for
today three minutes it's all it took and
he's already gonna be I'll up one eyes
missing I know I haven't seen you guys
all day they even left my side second I
got home they've just been like again my
shadows just working on the vlog right
now I'm gonna head to bed because we
have I don't think it's an early flight
I think is actually kind of one of the
later flights so it's gonna be really
exciting we're gonna go from LA then
we're gonna go to Chicago for
Lollapalooza Lola and then I think
Ally's gonna go to New York City for her
first or last wedding dress fitting
I guess the dress comes in she gets to
go up there with her mom and I think dot
F and they're gonna you know film all
that stuff but unfortunately I won't be
able to go to New York oh and uh since
you're here warm but yeah if you didn't
see the two winners from the Marley dog
step you sealed it in some dubstep Dogg
step two videos I uploaded on the trippy
Channel we're done by to see tf-x ears
I was actually kind of kidding when I
was like oh yeah you should make this
into a dubstep remix of Marley panting
didn't think was actually possible but I
guess the internet proves once again
everything is possible so I want to say
good night guys don't forget to click
thumbs up if you smiled and enjoyed this
video and we will have a very very busy
next couple weeks so if you have to go
pee go do that now before we get on the
road all right guys
see you tomorrow
and were sleepy at sex
with trippy
with trip in early don't
