good morning guys
so okay that last clip was Zoey and
diesel like snuggling up like that do
you see how first off that never
happened
second off did you see how bright and
awesome that was that's what's going on
right now that was perfect timing that's
what we're dealing with now and today
before 4th of July so is the day happy
day we should be celebrating and
lighting fireworks off day Zoey are you
panicking over there
guy wasn't that loud you're just being a
wimp those things out loud so the
morning guys I forgot to say that
actually it's like way late me in the
afternoon things got a late start today
anyway so we're at the campgrounds right
now for 4th of July and I thought this
was at two or three days ago and I was
called the jumpy dog this was an idea
okay first this is what it comes with
where does like sparks on this but but
we went got snakes so it comes out of
but which will actually might become
more interesting is that we just started
today maybe a firework all right
everyone put in the fireworks now to
close it
oh yes Melissa dumbest funniest thing in
the world
get your snapchat
that's so girl okay we're gonna color it
the soup is gonna catch himself on fire
oh it's a big jump there was a Chipotle
dump right there that's the snake yeah
that's what it is still go yeah well
destroyed him that was Ali's first Nick
ever jump that was your first snake
wasn't it neither would have been a
little more than something you know
that's why they did dumbest fireworks
and that's where we'll have to put in
all the all the noise in there yes yeah
or like a rattle but it's not rattle how
do you pick a rattle just such a
position
that's it oh my god both to do it did
your idea so funniest part is set to dub
poo right there just means I want to do
it the real way look at that how you
doing
you're like I'm not sure how I feel
about fireworks death not terrible but
I'm not sure now I'm a little addicted
this campground doesn't allow you know
roman candles and things like that which
is totally fine my favorite thing about
like fireworks other really stupid ones
and the dumpy dog is probably one of the
stupidest ones I've ever seen but I
freaking love it so I want to go find
some maybe army tanks or things like
that
my sister wants an army tank that was
her favorite things Jeremy James
it is just a army tank Oh none there's
none all right I'm the king I had to
come reload I only had like two dumpy
dogs oh my god yeah I'm all about the
stupid stuff that's all I wanted to
complete the pilot trial think we could
do big one
so the dumb one better I got Melissa her
army tank that's all she wanted and I
got this sword but I don't know what it
does but I kind of want it I feel like I
don't need to know what it is
the damn store good boy don't touch it
don't touch it it's lit I felt really
bad because Charles went out to go find
our fireworks and he was asked me all
these throws and I clearly have
forgotten all of them but he did come
back with a few things he came back for
something that a little dad requests the
mental army tank
well fi you're like I'm gonna just get a
little baby fireworks and then I just
saw your bag over there look I got a
cool way I got swords that way thank you
imagine like you guys have some things
I'm listening next year and I'm Eddie
got one too I know you could do it
larger than lighter that's the weirdest
thing I've ever saw oh you can snap your
own neck if you want to do that I don't
know it's like not even happening at all
you bet you I don't know Jessica she's
always around you try it do it well you
have the pterodactyl arms you should be
able to do this more than anyway maybe
if you stretch it out and then do it
like why do that
I don't want it off this is desert
whatever you want I'm super not like
where this is your resting position I
sleep like this
leave the crabs alone we're getting up
for a walk okay guys remember from
yesterday all those little holes a
little crab can Finley stop it
they've never did anything to you
and
you
you girls ready to grill some hungry
crostini
what are you ready focus dog way Narsha
renting an RV and coming out here is a
really great idea for 4th of July
we are currently heading back to the
hospital see the pop and then we're
gonna take an uber and come back onto
the campaign just for a little bit
longer I think we're going to apply some
other fireworks maybe do some sparklers
which is so silly to those people but I
love marklars more than I think anything
will be comes to fireworks underline
what's your favorite firework
I like roman candles you know what I
feel I couldn't see the roman candle we
got those one
we got bro me handle that shoot up to
the air and we'll parachute that fly
down
sooner
hey Finn where's your ball where's your
ball bud I suspect your fuck I don't
know where could be bud where's your
ball where's your ball up there it is
nobody's who in the tank we all right
there in swear to God I swear there's
nothing in there
yay sparklers sparklers are so dumb
there's no one you guys look like a
bunch of witches right now my mouse
models got caught
oh my god these are like a little like
hazard they keep falling off everyone
got super southern is not funny they're
thin I'm very nervous
yeah I have no idea what's going to do
and make sure to hold it maybe over the
water we don't know what it is
well worth the $10 yeah well the
aftermath of the $10 sword number two I
was quite exciting but for about 10
seconds off I said Wow honey incredibly
mature it's so depressing at the end it
really is oke Oke oh I get it
Wow does the grocer's looking smart I've
ever seen on a cello I love you to death
but yeah that's pretty gross right bro
I'm going to say it's pretty good so
we're going record first nose it looks
like that dog poo thing that we just did
your wee bit demonic over there like is
it like right no cuz you're going ah
there it is ha ha burned see if you
don't burn it you do it just outside it
gets just as gooey
no the bird makes it like to yogurt who
invented the marshmallow well guys here
back home it was a lot of fun and you
finally lets on a mag and some other
friends out of campsite and we are going
to college night we hope you guys
enjoyed seeing and in doing what we did
today
happy 4th of July weekend to everybody I
know it's like two days away soon but if
you guys are ever any please do not
forget to hit that subscribe button if
you liked today's video please make sure
that you dog hit the like button and
we'll see you guys through
you
