hey bitches look at I got for you who's
which one stole that I can't see what
Zoe husband's Marlee hey guys oh hey oh
hi guys haven't seen you much today I
feel like this could be a scene from
some sort of like Jason movie it's cool
but it's kind of creepy back here it's
all swampy floor to swamp to do them
dude dude I don't think there's gonna be
a shark in and the river oh wait there
could be the elusive River shark it's
okay we'll punch him so we are headed
right now to a Flores
where we have enough I'm a tree climb
without them sorry it sounds disgusting
and weird I sound like a man today
welcome to my life I'm feeling a little
bit ill we're going to a florist
appointment I'm very very excited we are
still trying to decide what we want to
do we've got a couple of ideas but oh
boy it is like flowers galore in here
this is crazy town do you see this yeah
drains us green Hypericum berries
lisianthus and rose oh my gosh they're
gorgeous oh my god that's gorgeous
oh you're awesome I'm so like up in the
air about my bouquet
and she's helping me and this is great
no it's actually really really pretty
this is gorgeous good eyes Zoe check it
out
giant turtle must be some sort of bird
nest look all the snails sup turtle
alright don't get eaten by a gator look
it is a dinosaur so you can't come to
Florida and not see an alligator just
like chillin ready to eat your face at
any moment you're gonna hit some flower
dude
what a lazy alligator just like running
into everything yeah we see it he's
right there
or they're wrong
you guys aren't making it as scary with
this panting this hot-diggity-dog thing
over here guys are weird
so guess where we ate lunch we always
want to go to chick-fil-a on Sunday and
they're not open on Sunday sorry abysm a
series that like everybody I get angry
yeah it's not what I do there that's
what happens if you want it you wake up
and you're so excited and then you
realize it's Sunday Oh like the worst
day to walk along a swampy River just
after rained am i sweating
do I look do I am i glistening in the
Sun see you later alligator
okay I realize that was super cheesy
it's like a baby avatar tree what is
that guys
what is it said by turtle Oh
see you later turtle I don't think he
wants to play with you guys no I don't
think he wants to play you scared them
come out and play dude kind of turtle is
that could it be a ninja turtle
no he's too small for that just say hi
to him Marley
now if he's going home let him go home
Mike Joey let him go home see you turtle
hey little hot-diggity-dog both of you
look at it's freaking hot I know well I
guess they should be the day that we
reveal the hot-diggity-dog reboots video
contest that we had there were actually
a lot of people that made remixes to the
little Barney panting video that was on
their iPhone channel and but there was
one of them one stood out to Ali and I
we were just like this is phenomenal you
can obviously tell the person did a lot
of work to it so we uploaded the winner
to youtube.com slash trippy do you see
my arm a hand isn't that gross that's
from falling yesterday some
congratulations to the winner we'll
probably send them out like a shirt or
something like that and we put his link
up in the video description of that
video so you can click right here and
check that out and I'll try to pick a
playlist of all of them that I I know of
that are on there so check the video
description of that it was pretty cool I
really liked that the person who won did
a really good job beyond what I couldn't
even imagine doing and used Marley
panting as that is like basically a
Metrodome so you make sure to check that
out so on YouTube icon says trippy
should be right now should be live right
now if not I'm gonna I'm gonna punch
somebody not really cuz violence is not
the answer make love not war
hello mr. armadillo I don't think he
could see hey leave him alone today's is
turning into nature day I highly suggest
getting off the road what do you think
should we get one of these guys
called et
take your echinacea it's good thing it
is so freaking gross gonna get the color
of this liquid that looks like snot Ella
oh you had me oh how is it wondering
it's a blue sky all right guys you get
to choose whatever you want go choose
something
how about this sweet Marley maybe we
should upgrade you some blue one that
was pretty cool
that's our read what that there you go
your favorite toy look at this section
that is ran to Marla's she's checking
every bag like all the bags find a hole
do you want to see the new fish careful
do you want to see him you look a little
prairie dog all right guys I need you to
name our new fish all right I'm ready to
see him it's your job to name him okay
let me get this the focus all right
that's the first one I wanted to get a
goldfish they're having it like I know I
haven't had a goldfish probably since I
was eight years old so I had to get one
he's fat too funny story when I was
little I had a goldfish the last time I
ever had a goldfish and I don't know how
but he jumped out like the back area
where the filter was like there's no
cover jumped out when I was like oh my
god where did he go he disappeared we
could not figure out where he went we
don't we didn't have a cat we just had
one dog and one day I mean this was a
like probably a month later I opened my
underwear drawer and there was a dead
fish so he hopped out and fell into my
underwear drawer and I never got a
goldfish since but this is far away from
my underwear
so hopefully this won't happen again and
here's the other guy I saw his eyes and
I was like this dude is awesome
I have no idea what's up what the hell
happened to him all right we gotta set
them in the water now for what is it
like 30 minutes or something let him get
accustomed to the water because it's
freakin amazing
that just doesn't even look real
look see oats this is another one of
those days where you just have something
that nature gives you that's so amazing
it's surreal it's like a painting it's
like somebody painted the clouds into
the sky this is a gorgeous sunset
there's the dude that messes up our
beautiful sunset she call this the
Fisher man take a gander at that stark
contrast right there son no son
horrible normal gonna hurt like a bitch
totally fun you can even see my
fingerprint in it when I yep I get an
idiot Award for this one yeah so I
thought I had my keys in my pocket
I don't dogs have to go to the bathroom
didn't you Mar whoa kind of creepy I ran
out the door cuz they were freaking out
so I took him out and I realized no keys
and now I'm locked out you can make fun
of me
give me a demon dog I love you do you
look like a demon yep you look like a
freaky demon now we have to just wait
for Ali to get back cuz she's down to
Sarasota doing the whole flower thing or
hopefully a maintenance guy luckily
we've made friends with them we'll uh
we'll give me a call in a couple minutes
we're watching the show that's like
surprise homecoming it's when they bring
the people who have been serving in Iraq
and in the military all over the world
they bring them home and surprise their
kids and their wife and whatever else
and it is hilarious my mom is over there
literally crying and they have crying
and they haven't even done the reviewing
it and she's bawling I'm vlogging more
watch your life and you'll see that I
studied watch good work please check my
website check the check it out check it
out check it out hi Jeff there's Jeff
there's my cousin's in the dark you
can't even say anything oh man I was
looking at my camera like it stopped
recording what Oh scuttle this guy's
name it's Daniel
cuz there's cock
it's in a GoPro container let about a
dude if you're letting out on there
since like shuttles scuttles cock pilot
inspector Lee yeah poor guy there we go
your karma just went up a thousand
points this is actually kind of funny
though if you think about I locked
myself out I have both dogs
I have no wallet my phone is a no camera
my phone is at five percent battery left
and it's starting the rain I mean I see
you can't make this up this is just like
this is like the epitome of the most
hilarious situation you can possibly be
let's try to figure out how to get in
it's an emergency I just put the fish in
the water and they can't be in there oh
it's raining and it's raining but they
can't be in there more than 20 minutes
eight Marley Marley you're not run away
how did you how did you open the gate
holy crap Marley okay Houdini come on
I'm alive I'm alive hi Ali just want to
let you know our awesome maintenance
guys saved my life
I am alive and kick'n don't know I think
my mom was just attempting to sing like
a g6 but I don't know she knows that
that's the song so she's good but there
was another one
something about Kate it's Ke$ha make
your heart beat like an 808 drum there's
another one that's like it's a it's a
man it's like no no no what's that one
there's another there's another rap song
oh come on there it is I swear there
come on you have to know what you know
it I'm just gonna let this roll we're
gonna see how long it takes to get there
I'll get it googly googly it little
Wayne or a little John or one's little
people excuse me do you know a song that
goes like 808 men what is it mom ask him
he doesn't know the rap song he might
know rap don't say that I do you like
rap music
okay well never mind that sorry
like me toy what does it do what that's
that's all it does it just moves back
and forth you're free in your new home
that fish's eyes kind of like resemble
one of those internet memes
oh my god I find a climate great job
kitchen okay I just knocked over the
freaking divider oh my god please don't
drop that on your head my temper
material sample is finally here
now I can sleep comfortably ready oh
that's nice
this is nice good night everyone
worse they attacked me
with y'all trippin
Cynthia
finnaly don't forget - oh hey Marley
