that doesn't sound good
what are you doing are you waiting for
your daddy is he still not back it
really has been like over an hour and
Charles has still not come back so I'm
guessing there are some problems with
the video which is a bummer because I
know you want to go to Grandma Grandpa's
with our pet party join up a pet party
oh god she wants him she wants a pet
party oh yeah okay we'll have a pet
party when you fly the helicopter in
around things they set up these little
barriers so they can fly them around and
it's made out of paper which moves when
there's any kind of wind around it yeah
I think you should probably use
something with a little more weight no
so you know that miracle web mayonnaise
video that we did on Ali's channel and
this up top go show you how obsessed she
is the man it's okay
show your just a second she's gonna get
some we're just going to show how
disgusting this is
what I'm sure I don't how disgusting you
are was
it's embarrassing a little bit a mustard
I don't want to do it now because you're
part of it you know just prepare to get
grossed out in a second
and a lot of managed place like an
obscene amount of minutes
I only do it here I swear I got every
other sandwich place I don't get a lot
thank you I'm sure
there you go anything I wanted I wanted
to defend myself because everyone was
making fun of me is that this the next
time just get like a piece of bread and
just put mayonnaise on it you don't even
need Turkey or anything
Ali's cousins are here again it's been a
year
oh my look at this look look all tall
they are now look at this they're both
like going over me now is that crazy
they grow up so fast you guys grow up so
fast
I feel like every time he comes here I
can't comment on how tall he is how deep
his voices or something I am I'm like
grandma's old stereotypical all you
getting so big comments yeah well you're
you're 17 18 you're 18 and he's 16 17 no
she's legal do I have anything in my
teeth anything at all
are you sure nothing kind of feel like
something's in there ah yes the
breakfast of champions gummy worms and
espresso
gotta stay awake somehow
what are you doing out there I swear
Denis needs a patent to stall graft she
just wants to go in she what's that like
accidentally fall in the water like oops
I didn't mean to go in the water oh you
tried to Juke her she caught you do you
feel better now get some exercise okay
ready go get my yeah you got a
collection of coins down here all neatly
organized my dad's doing yeah I
definitely see a little like traits in
between both of you guys and your father
it's pretty funny what are you doing in
the back
let's go swinging on the swing set oh
let's go play on the metal monkey bars
when it's gonna lightning I think that
sounds like a great idea what take is
this there you go your your half monkey
now it's actually bending yeah that's
cool this is awesome
I get ready Ali versus Charles you gotta
get oh yeah yeah one of you has to be on
this part right here where its most
furthest out you at no no you're look at
the beginning of the curve you have to
be right there no further further yeah
yeah now you're good okay versus Charles
what yeah just gonna climb up top you
gonna climb on top yes
gonna do everything that's hard this
other fudge do you do that is this like
a training course for a wipeout for kids
like this is like the most dangerous
balancing beam everything you're not
supposed to yeah now you get you become
a human lightning rod right now here
yeah we should give you a metal pole too
let's even do an experiment somebody's
yelling at her yeah probably isn't too
safe yeah I think I think we should go
it's gonna somebody's gonna die tonight
would it be you
look to your left you can see the rain
coming pom pom Jabbar
org thank you see this clearly that
literally is fake sky yeah fake Scott
big thanks guys what did I shoot a man
on a it's ham and melon that's
absolutely disgusting no it's awesome
I'm so excited for this are you excited
let's really look how different it looks
now I just devoured it was amazing you
Italians you know something thank you
Oh God we're getting high fives over
here man Cheers
Ally's freaking out juniper in Spain
when we tried the sardine gelato did you
remember that is so gross if you haven't
seen that video just look for I'll try
to put it in the video description below
but you can see I almost lose it when I
try the anchovy sardine whatever is so
gross these are normal ones holy dicks
is Justin speed from grad life not at
work check it out check it out check it
out check it out are we going
clap-clap-clap out in Dora the Explorer
come on an adventure with me go con
amigo fluoro me amigos flora Dora this
flora
I'm sorry sir sir sir sir sir sir Sir
hey girlfriend I saw some walking in
front of these two people on their first
day
I can't I can't teach me how to teach me
teach me how to dougie goodbye window
very good
hey Mike good here we kind of parked
right next to another vehicle it's so
dark
tell me you're tell me my fortune
internet tell me the fortune that's a
good thumbnail thumbnail thumbnail
thumbnail right here on the road again
ally and I are on the road again again
we're on the road again
I can't remember the lyrics to our long
road again that's a real song right
about just making that up we're on our
way home and I've just you know after
you utilizing my time properly I'm
actually editing the vlog that you just
witnessed great now oh my god see
remember that part you remember that
part
yeah you just watched it the other day
remember I did the OSX lion rawr
so may actually I replied on Twitter
they go Charles do you have to draw
every time you say lion and the answer
is yes yes you do but during that review
if you didn't get to watch it we did
like an interactive review where because
there's like nine different effects for
photobooth the new photo booth so Ali
and I goofed around with all of them in
like nine different like little fun
videos with it a lot of people wanted
just the playlists of those so if you
look down there I actually quite and
click right here and it would take you
to the playlist but there's a link in
the sidebar where the nine videos that
we we made and they actually came out
pretty funny they're just goofing around
one-take video is just with the crazy
effects so if you guys want that a lot
of people were asking for just a
playlist so you can click right here on
the screen it'll take you to a playlist
with those videos or in the video
description below so there we go for the
secret word so make sure you guys
watching the whole video Ally's gonna
like this time what is it gonna be
easily ground she's feeling roach Oh cuz
at the restaurant there was a frickin
roach on the ceiling so yes secret
secret password is a ceiling roach Scott
Scott there's alternatives we'll see you
tomorrow we're gonna go we're gonna go
to the beach tomorrow and I'm gonna I am
determined to do some sort of Awesome
trick on a skimboard so hopefully
tomorrow I will succeed so we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget to click thumbs up
if you smile during this video or just
enjoyed it so goodnight guys or if you
frowned if you frown - you should do it
we'll see you tomorrow bye
worse yet sexy
with trippy
yeah
with the NRI don't forget
