hey everyone so we're going in for
surgery right now we gotta we gotta
extract to internal combine you laters
inside this machine that's making it
sick it's actually not making it sick I
just want to move on the good thing
about the Mac is that it's plug and play
I think hey just pull it right out
I got it Zoey careful careful
yes it was now feeling better look
zapped I'm just kidding I'm just kidding
look you can check it out
it's not do it it's not a laser okay so
now we just gonna carefully replace
everything and then the surgery is a
success yeah so we there's no lasers
anywhere near here it's going on so I
swear there's nothing gonna blaze or
anywhere the process of the alley
smoothie Zoey in the event of a
lightning strike do you think this is
actually gonna help you first
it's it's no it's so funny when there's
a lightning storm and stuff her ears go
straight up like this it's kind of like
her little her homing beacon a warning
signal I've been getting a lot of
@replies the last few days to saying
that some of our older videos were
saying that they were not
age-appropriate or something stupid like
that but apparently what's going on is
there's some sort of a little glitch and
I'm currently having to go through all
800 videos and make sure the glitch is
fixed so all the other videos all the
old videos that we're saying that you
know like you have to be logged in or
something stupid they're all fixed or
will be in the next day or two so thank
you guys for letting me know I would
never have ever of No
without you know you guys letting me
know so thank you for having my back now
to go back and do 800 and something
videos so you doing over there turn on
get a bang don't open it in the house
that's a little wives tale
the internet is broken again I'm gonna
be home late Who am I
no I'm fully sure and by them oh my god
it's a plastic dome those rings okay
have fun
huh mister go up load down by the pool
okay bye
oh my god oh yeah oh yeah this thing's
awesome I'm like encapsulated computer
safe my person is safe I seriously feel
like Bubble Boy right now Danny Trejo is
gonna come out any minute and my
freakshow sidekicks how's it gone
totally owned was just hit back poor man
and his little dog
so yesterday's vlog I apologize for
everything being late yesterday yeah at
6 o'clock now as you can see and it's
still uploading for a fourth time yeah
the people the office finally kicked me
out cuz they were closing they closed at
6:00 they've been in front of a computer
trying to upload it just for I don't
know what happened final cut just kept
crashing and then every time I try to
upload it it would stall at 23 23
percent every single time which was
really strange so hopefully this is done
we can go visit Ali's family and all our
cousins and aunts and uncles are down so
we're gonna try to hopefully get over
there this Charles I'm using my iPhone
cuz I forgot my camera come smart like
that
oh he escaped well I see how small that
is
okay ready that's my finger
the baby little frog you came to visit
wait it's all it needs to be cleaned
myself boom Chicka Boom Chicka Boom
Chicka Boom Chicka Boom Boom alright
well the video went live so we can
finally go are you guys ready finally on
their way down
Oh accident since what wait since when
our fire trucks yellow I but I've been
under the impression that they've always
been red did they do this like recently
is this lemon or like it yeah but when
did they do that that's which I'm either
like the least observant person or just
they didn't
fuck oh that my hair is brown not long
no you're not blot there you have a
dirty brown hair I don't know how to you
have a you kind of have a like a poop
color a very high fiber color hair color
by the time this video is live all the
videos will be fixed I'm doing it from
the car right now it's really fun though
I'm looking at all the old videos from
last year or 2009 and then I remember
the day like I I almost like a
photographic memory because I filmed it
it's like one of those things where
you're starting for a test if you write
it down you remember it better I feel
like if you film do you find does that
happen new with you like if you film it
do you remember the day better it's like
I'm like looking into thumbnails and I
can remember exactly what happened and I
remember editing it I highly if you have
a bad memory I highly recommend filming
yourself because it just helps remember
things and I'm working hard I know it's
on video what do you mean work as hard I
work as hard to focus on all the details
of everything anymore because I know
it's on camera so your brain is getting
lazy I'm getting
easier because I'm not forced to
remember anything also I have a
smartphone I can't think of something
just do it I feel like we're all getting
dumber
sorry my spelling ever since autocorrect
and like especially when the browser's
started like this I do that red line
underneath things saying the guess
spellcheck put like within browser he's
not just under like Word documents I
feel like my spelling has just become
atrocious and he's so bad I probably
could even spell atrocious right now if
I wanted to your dry spell check get it
say three point point everyone try to
spell the word atrocious here's a little
test everyone try to spell prerogative
in the comments below without using the
spell check prerogative what's your
prerogative
I used in the sentence
we're not testing me here we're testing
me a minute all right
Ali is making me clean my wound because
it's starting to get a little bit
bruised and stuff
I can't believe very good didn't think I
fell that much since I was little I
would always I'm not I'm not getting wet
my mom said I had to clean about like my
wounds and stuff with peroxide I would
have dumped the peroxide out fill it
with water then I would clean my wounds
with the water and be like look it
doesn't hurt
I'm super tough but looking back there
was my I really I coulda private good
like lost my arm or something ah I'm a
freaking baby looks like it's cleaning
don't worry Oh things I do for YouTube
so in all fairness
what I told you know I'm not gonna stop
getting scared
nope not stopping don't be such a baby
okay I'll stop was it scary that's right
I'm gonna I'm an awesome penis oh my god
fun story I actually met the guy the guy
always wore the backpack and no shirt
I've met him once in Orlando so this guy
actually Brad
hey your hands okay see your hands
I'm challenging you to eat ribs in the
most elegant way to possibly do it one
to ten went into the seven and when I
give you a seven there we go there we go
and there that's a perfect ten
I think I suppose to be like barley
singing
now if you did that to music wouldn't be
so annoying
as you can tell today has been a very
leisure day it's been really cool like
meeting up with family and stuff like
that because alleys now these families
come coming from California to there's
up there's oh my god there's the limo is
that jay-z oh my god did JC I love you
no I don't think it's jay-z they're
turning around no I thought I was jay-z
CTFxC is for jay-z too many acronyms
we're gonna do 40 even we do this come
on please
I I look so foolish last time come on
come on stupid guess I'm gonna punch you
in the face if you don't work okay there
we go
come on we're gonna do this we're gonna
do this
BAM that's right I don't know if I'm
winning or losing because the gas the
gas prices are so ridiculous that is
this my results right this is somebody
else's results
ah there hi Zoey
I'm laughing at the irony of this
situation right now
so we just stopped at a 7-eleven to get
gas and I don't get we did certification
of sanitation ready we're gonna pan out
in a pan help panning out that's the
mirror oh look at deliciousness
mmm 7-eleven you're really classing it
up right there you guys oh my god I
don't - oh wait wait I set the word up
remember this picture there we go we win
satisfaction satisfaction I feel like oh
my god this is the music video right now
really dogs
yech tall hardcore and then this is
where you end up
seriously anything kids will not get
down to see in five
nobody's got
good night guys good night guys
all right guys today's been kind of a
weird day really seriously that's where
you gonna sleep tonight I know you hate
it all better
whoo what truth
you ate there already
all right guys I see 12 good night
wait
worse they be at sucks
with y'all trippin
with trip in early don't forget Joey
Marley
