look I'm driving the car for a change
well you have your hands full right now
with some cheese good news everyone I
filmed the OS X Lion we are like review
I'm just kind of showing some stuff on
the tripi channel so I'll put a link at
the end of this but it's in the
description if you want to watch that
first you want to be e to talk nerdy to
you for at least 10 minutes that's the
video for you is talking dirty is the
thing I do booboo P do that's how I roll
I want both lanes no it's emerging lane
its emerging link guys don't worry shut
your face it's talking trash over here
we're gonna go get some new sandals for
myself because I keep using alleys I'm
stretching them out I lost him I lost
them in California system some awesome
person has my awesome stinky sandals
with the toe worn through or the toe
worn on both sides there was both sides
what's going to VidCon you guys going
you're going I got a bunch of @replies
today saying we the Kings were playing
in Saint Pete and just as I looked at my
Twitter account Travis called me and
told me that they were playing so no
Travis called me and said you didn't
answer your phone cuz you're a meanie
pant it was as I was recording I was I
was recording detect technobabble video
oh no yes so he called and we're gonna
go see them play at state theatre he
then say who they're playing with but
it'd be good to see everybody they're
good they're playing state at state
theatre where we went to see strung out
so I'll be fun it's like 98 degrees out
still the only song I know by 98 degrees
I'll seriousness it's freaking hot out
uh taunting us well my shark attack
looks a little worse today I can't get
him to work like they won't sandal they
come sandal for me they're just flopping
not flipping all right babe let's see it
give me your blue steel
it's so funny I'm dragging Charles
shopping for new shorts if you have
holes in the butt of his shorts because
he's planning for a long time let me see
are you down there I'm saying yeah baby
there's some booty shakin you pay extra
for that so we probably screwed up and I
was like just stitch it there we go and
now I never have to go shopping for at
least a three and a half years good jobs
oh I had to bring Ally this time we have
this this way we have more eyes on this
dog we have to make sure she doesn't
roll in something where's your stick I
was just looking down at my pants and I
just now realized what they remind me of
I'll give you guys a couple seconds what
does this remind you of does it remind
you of anything
it reminds me of like Nightmare Before
Christmas and corpse bride maybe yeah he
says there's nothing that's true fashion
so weird I just paid that poles of my
genes I do that all the time with my
pants I should just make pants for a
living maybe I should retire from
YouTube and just make pants we're here
there they are I think I think that
might be their bus I don't know
Hey huh hi yes like this is his
territory he's got the same shirt as me
though that's what's pretty sweet I have
that same shirt
it's how are you doing man yeah good I
got dizzy get dizzy and I think it's the
Florida heat yeah it's not meant for
redhead man so I had to this is my bunk
this I've been singing 90 degrees
because it's been 98 degrees to
everybody so if you ever wondered what
we the kings or at least some of them do
the other quarter homeless sleeping
we finally got drew on here he's always
m.i.a every single time we come out
you're always in the video we're gonna
go wander try to find some food around
st. Pete it's so funny cuz I remember
being a kid and like waiting right here
for all my favorite bands like AFI back
in the day and stuff like just hanging
out in the back that's a lot of Red Bull
that's that is quite a lot of Red Bull
speaking of hunter when we go out to
California in the next week or so he
said he wants to be in a Charles Trippy
skit so we're gonna see about getting
him in on skit with ruined me internet
and everything we are at the right place
she does have a tail
don't move I gotta get ready now as long
as he doesn't scratch your eyes out a
little dude you steppin on it oh my gosh
you're as bad as Zoe I will name him
scratch he's just chillin
buddy buddy we're friends now are they
coming to your town guys we finally
found everybody she's like one of those
rapper shows where we roll up with our
whole crew your posse not just the
artist shows up it's the artist plus 20
people
I think it sold out
how's Davies of all you just disappears
you make more of an appearance on these
videos than anyone the internet loves
you
there's all cellphones
remember we're going to deal with strung
out and I was telling the backstage he's
like this shit huh yes this is the
backstage I was talking about can't
really see anybody back there yo she
can't really see anybody back Yoshi
any guesses which ones were the snare
drum
this is the part where where the rock
stars retreat to the back and then they
wait until you guys champion me this is
what they do
we're just waiting are you guys gonna do
an encore
go be a rockstar I'll kick it out oh no
big deal right
everyone's all rocking out and you're
just chillin you should be out there all
right so I was wandering around I got
off the bus and then actually a bunch of
CTFxC is here as well the guests want to
say hi they shout out sir a lot of moms
there we go yeah but nobody says hi dad
anymore like there we go hi dad never
got some more over there these people we
actually met when we were waiting in
laminate for the iPad 2 so that was a
while ago but good to see you guys are
sponsored by FIFA unofficial sponsors
all you guys what is the score zero zero
two seven hurry up slowpoke well at
least we're we're getting a nice tour of
downtown safety the princess m√§rtha
what
I'm no longer friends
Charles Nellie you know why because I'm
fighting and they say so unfortunately
we have to end the party a little bit
early we have to literally we literally
have to go it was really cool we've been
a lot of CTFxC r--'s it's really kind of
awesome that there's so many like we the
Kings fans and CTFxC like cross over you
having fun over there so I feel like I
should talk to the entire time to a
camera because in downtown st. Pete if
you've ever been here it's um it's an
interesting interesting dynamic of
people and I feel like I found the guy
talking to myself on the camera nobody's
gonna mess with me
it's always really cool to see like the
whole CTFxC we the King kind of cross
over you only mean like how many like
every time we meet somebody like I'll
tell the guys and we the Kings we said
hi and every time some one of you guys
meet we the kings they'll always tell
Travis or somebody to say hi so if you
think they're not telling us there were
just like seriously saying oh do we were
just in Michigan and a bunch of people
said to say hi to you guys so that's
really cool to see you know friends of
ours doing something cool like I've said
this like this a lot like several times
in the past but I think it's really cool
that they're doing something completely
different than we're doing but are you
guys bring us together you're the glue
that brings friends together it's kind
of cool right did we let the dogs out
now like oh my god that took forever hi
guys I'm a little delirious
I just finished exporting the OSX lion
review
that's on youtube.com sighs trippy but
it's about 402 in the morning and I got
to start doing the vlog of see Emmet
lying and that's what you just saw you
just saw that it's no exception again
anyway so a lot of you guys asked me to
do an OSX lion review so you can click
right here and check that out it's on
the trippy channel youtube.com/ slash
trippy I did a nice little rundown of my
favorite features of OSX live actually
there was a lot of cool stuff in there
so if you're thinking about getting it
or if you're just interested in what's
new click here and check it out also
there was like nine different as you can
see right here there was nine different
photobooth effects that just came out
with the new operating system so Ali and
I have played around with that so we
kind of did like an interactive review
which I thought it'd be a lot more fun
and entertaining than just a standard
review so there's a little
interactiveness and goofiness so yeah
click right here check it out on our
youtube.com slash trippy account I
wanted to make it because you guys
looked at the comments and it was just
like please do it I don't know if I
should buy it so yeah if there's any
other gadgets and things like that
please tell me in the comments and maybe
I'll do more reviews because there are
actually a lot of fun because I like
gadgets and I like talking nerdy I hope
you guys enjoy today's video is kind of
cool is like behind the scenes of rock
concert because I mean I love music and
it I grew up on a tour bus and you know
I've been surrounded by it my entire
life so it's amazing to see friends of
mine living that life it's cool I'm glad
I got to share it with you guys I hope
you enjoyed it because a lot of people
don't get to see that kind of stuff and
it's you know it's it's kind of a fun
thing and when we do well Palooza
hopefully it'd be the same thing don't
forget to click thumbs up if you smiled
or enjoyed this video because since we
can't see every one of your faces those
little thumbs up those little likes let
us know that you smiled and you know
that and put the smile on our face and
we got to do it should taste I'm diggin
these like secret the secret phrases and
stuff to put in the comments so today
this one's new be a little bit
challenging in the comments right
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious that
I want to see I want to see a waterfall
of comments of
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious you
barely even say it I'll see you guys
tomorrow
again hope
enjoy the video and get some sleep I'm
gonna pass out now oh and go check out
the review of OS X Lion right here it's
been on my face the entire time so
alright
I am I good I guess
wait
worse
with trippy
with Josefina
