vlog exception number two jabbu jabbu
jabbu jabbu bunch put voltage cue intro
I've heard all of your concerns and I
will get a haircut today I'm starting to
get a little party in the back
and you notice that the ladies last
haircut yeah I mean she had she kind of
gave me a little party in the back
so since VidCon is coming and
Lollapalooza Lulu goes uh we're gonna
we're gonna get a haircut
I can't although if I go to a music
festival the mullet I think I could be
the coolest person there all right
here's the before and we're done and
we're let's see yeah looks good just
like that perfect a long time but we're
back and she's awesome so we're super
glad two years yeah it literally has
been years yeah I think it's been years
yeah because I think we were yep it was
my junior year so it was tears that's
crazy
look at this fancy cape I'm like
actually here I love it nope I don't
want that I want the leopard print
that's perfect mission find the last
vlog she was in oh my gosh that's gonna
be crazy
you look like a little wet baby chick I
love this cave I think you should get
your entire tux made out of this
material okay I think you're a little
spastic now you guys
she's like bitching 15 she's just like
out of her what just has a mind of its
own like she's just out of control as
you can tell is always okay so we didn't
have anything really wrong with her we
wanted to take her to the vet because of
that patch a little side patch cuz
another part was growing but don't worry
he's always 100% healthy she just said
that she might be having like a hot spot
or some bug may have bitter so she's got
this little spray that we spray on four
times a day so hopefully she won't have
this like big goofy spot it looks like
kind of like you know when a kid tries
to cut in his hair so how did you guys
like my fail yesterday did you like when
I do the nigel thornbury
do you like that angle I feel like
that's what we're gonna call it we're
gonna call this angle the nigel
thornbury if you don't know who that is
this google oh but I just I feel like
this is like the funniest angle the film
on I know it's like the most
unflattering angle that it possibly
could film at other than like a blow
shot but it's just every time I like
edit it it just makes it cracks me up
every time because it's just like just
one of these where it's just probably
not the same on this you have like the
fisheye lens
you haven't get my teeth my teeth yeah
so if you missed yesterday's video I
highly recommend you hit pause right now
and go watch yesterday you can see me
totally bust twice on a skin board and
nailed my head rate into the sand and
then of course Ali and doctor have come
by and totally nail it and do 360s that
I'm just like falling is this is this
blue steel material do the glasses yay
or nay tell me in the comments your own
a have your little spots yeah okay
freakin hot I know it's like 98 degrees
right now I do
cherish you for the rest of my life you
don't have to think twice
and
rarrr apparently OSX lions out so I'm
gonna try to install it while we're
driving are you roaring at me
rawr OS X rawr you know I just took
Marley out and I was like Alec what's
smells like poop and then I realized
that Marley probably ate poop first I
picked her up to smell her she make sure
she didn't roll in it and her mouth just
smells like poop like her breath she's
like so who the hope cuz we can't get
dog mints I don't think they even exist
this is the natural dog mint peanut
butter eat lots of that thank you
everyone eat peanut butter please you
still got peanut butter on your nose
dude do you forget about that goofball
there's a little speck on your nose and
you got stung by a bee yeah we had to
come back jump jump trip now we can
actually see the beach maybe this time
we can like jump a wave or something
this time about Yuki was a lot better at
this this is probably a lot of wind but
this thing doesn't have a windshield a
windshield a wind protector a wind
deflector an anti wind deflector jeans
at a beach it gives you more motivation
not to mess up
all right we're finally gonna have Ally
do this and Yuki crusher man pressure
they're little kids gonna pony
go for it go for it
but look at Justin is his windshield
spine just constantly moving the hand
like this so if you want to see how I'm
doing it go watch grandma let's go come
on motivation let's go let's go let's go
let's go
look at mr. speedo man standing there
with conviction
yeah I'm rocking with speedo what of it
a little surfer chick over here belching
hand is just full of excuses every
single time a big fat liar
there's mr. speedo man so we're using
Ally as a decoy to just go zoom in over
here past Ally into that sexiness is
that good that's the best
he's getting closer he's getting close
he wants to be on the internet and I
think you did it and you said you
couldn't do that nobody wants to play
with Justin
you are now riding on the top of Yuki's
head yeah it's the little things in life
the little things
during crab amazing
by George that way why does my camel
speedo alert
you almost got it are you exfoliating
I'm exploring it with the hand finally
check out the battle-scarred job oh yeah
oh that's a bloody battle a little kiss
jerk
you know internet he's probably not
kidding what if I pushed you over right
now
I made you buy me a new phone what about
now
what about now which side is it on no go
go go
let me see your sappy lounge pose turn
get out of the shot so are we have to go
to the beach as much as we can summer in
Florida this is awesome look at that
sunset
that's gorgeous out Brown was saying it
was like 98 degrees cherish you
yeah and now for the ancient art of
running into the water really really
fast until you fall
I got somehow volunteered to be out here
in the middle of the ocean with an open
cut I don't like sharks
over here such a beautiful day
such a beautiful Sun setting crazy
people that's a good that's a good day
for sharks sharks eating babies out
there go save them cue music hurry huh
sharks already ate him you're fired
I don't know if the steps on the grounds
of inappropriateness but this penis
castle I didn't even notice that it's
like a freaking cave you gonna try to
get in there
wow that is going to be some engineering
kid I take back what I said earlier yeah
seriously
or was the father himself it's like move
away kid I'll show you how to do this
right so Brett get the k-beach oh my god
don't even believe what we just found
oh my god crikey there's an animal
inside look at him he appears to be some
sort of native Japanese sand crab or
something like that I can't think of a
better name right now but he's coming up
the process of Ali drying her hair
otherwise it's like curly like curly sue
I totally forgot the film is but Ally's
hair was like 80s perm hair when she got
out of the ocean
dude that's my pillow who said you can
sleep up here don't give the Internet to
a puppy dog look hey Marley do me a
favor tell the Internet to click thumbs
up and add it to favorites now you have
to look into those eyes Internet yeah
well I like guilt them guilt them Marley
her eyes are just like it's like you
know that was a Shrek with the Puss in
Boots the cat I got that movie where is
it the Bourne The Bourne Identity 6 yeah
have you seen it no it's something about
investigation in a Bureau or its Matt
Damon Matt Damon I'm installing lion
right now on all the computer on all of
them so I was actually gonna ask you
guys do you want me to do on the tripi
channel like my opinions my reviews like
a little walkthrough of OSX lion I was
thinking about maybe shooting something
getting familiar with it tomorrow
morning and just kind of shooting
something to show you guys some cool
features cuz I really like doing those
those tech kind of gadgety and just
showcasing because it's kind of like I
could just be myself
you don't I mean I just talk nerdy I can
I could talk nerdy to you guys
I'll talk Meera T all night I'll just
talk let me know if you want want me to
do that and maybe I'll upload it to the
trippy channel tomorrow or the next
couple days
also I downloaded all the remixes from
the Marley remix remember a couple weeks
ago I guess it's been there's one of
them that stands out amongst all of them
and I'll be sure to upload it I was
basically waiting for YouTube you count
as you can tell our views have been
really very weird they'd be like 303 for
the past like six days hopefully you'll
get you know fixed and stuff but I
wanted to upload the remix once it got
fixed because I didn't want to upload it
and you know hopefully get the guys some
publicity and stuff like that and it
just doesn't go anywhere because the the
charts and the view counts broken but
I'm gonna go to bed I will see you guys
tomorrow hope you enjoy the video and I
gotta go put some peroxide on that look
at my gash myself up I almost caught a
shark though it would have impressed me
I should tell everyone I caught a shark
and this is what it did to me I'll see
you guys tomorrow and Ally you get to
choose today's secret phrase password
that ever everyone
gotta type this in the comments whatever
Ally says everyone just goes rawr in the
comments I'll see you guys tomorrow
Harvey wait
worse he attacks me
with y'all trippin
worst
with Josephine
