all right Zoey you got to go to the vet
you got to go to the vet we gotta go
check on that little spot on your back
her side she's freaking out
please don't let me go here Carla
doesn't care she thinks your streets
like Oh calm Marley as compared to Zoey
stakeholder we get out of here it's not
funny house she freaks out so much and
like well you know who care and then
there's all these like escape so yeah
we're here we're gonna start to figure
out what's going on there's a little
science but it doesn't seem to be
getting any better or worse it's just
like better so rather than you know
chanting and you know we wanted to check
it out this guy came in and Marley would
not get out of the way she was just
hamming it up okay keep kicking me out
of the seat thank you I don't think
there's like any dog that as well
never mind except this this outlier in
the situation that actually likes coming
to the vet is that your personal sitting
space
Oh Lord everybody go with Daddy in the
corner there we go you're free
quick get in get in quick hide about to
hit it it's just so fun just fly guess
you jumped on me I'll give you two
guesses
maybe just one guess million to keep
wait wait you puff coke in there too
that's Smurf
slurp fail and there's not that many
people here oh there's like there's a
mini ocean in front of the ocean I guess
it just rang aha
I've got my sunglasses so I'm just gonna
be walking around like this I should
have worn those cataract glasses see
ghosty ghosty ghosty ghosty Kazu all
right now we're really playing a game of
Where's Waldo
you see Justin dot Hanna anybody Yuki
people when you trying to meet up with
somebody they should be wearing like a
Walter shirt at all times this is the
one I was talking about last time where
like the sand is like one of the best in
the world it's like this powder sand
I did number one Beach God the way
national really serious business here
probably
Zoe came out you can't look cool
awareness can't comes and beats in that
try yeah that's right
good job look at you go
unintentional 180 come on Hannah you're
the surfer here well if you do it right
you won't get wet
good job see you got a fan good job
sweetie ear pressure Justin peer
pressure go faster go faster
okay so Charles just hit this giant sand
mound right here okay we can go now okay
do I get a thumbs up for this video
already we just started the video but I
get a thumbs up right the funniest part
was like turned around I saw the like
the giant I'm like boobs is gonna hurt
this is probably gonna hurt well good
thing I have a big head it's like a
built-in helmet you and Doc did pretty
good though she gets you shoot da was
doing that 360 thing that's what I was
trying to do all their stand a hell of a
camera I kept attendance up for
everybody
put your shoes on a little wrong okay
can we just
he's gonna ruin I didn't want to wear
that I'd forbid god forbid I didn't want
to wear the assassins I didn't want to
ruin them oh happy day Apple actually
released the Google+ app for the iPhone
Oh
okay so if yeah you have a Google+
account make sure to add Allie and I I'm
making Allie tell Hardanger Google+ in
her little flower if you have extra
Google+ invites just that like say in
the comments and then you know have
people DM you so we can get the whole
CTFxC on Google+ yeah make sure to add
me in the circle in your circle and
eventually I want to try to make like a
giant CTFxC circle so our links
Google+ Holly and I once we start
getting a lot of CTFxC ears on Google+ I
want to start holding contests over
there so yeah make sure to add us to a
circle if you don't know how to add it
like to a circle I'm probably right
there with you I think you have to go
search my name and then go to add circle
I think that's all it is but uh yeah
we'll see you over at Google+ I actually
wanted to ask you guys this Google+ has
been out for what three weeks now what
is your opinion so far do you think it's
gonna take over Facebook my personal
opinion is I kind of like it more than
Facebook just because it's easier and
it's kind of like you'll get remember in
myspace how it was like there was
glitter and personalized profiles and
things like that and then Facebook came
and just simplified everything made it
nice and streamlined and ran faster
didn't get clogged up and I feel like
Google's taking it that extra step and
that's where I think it could actually
take over Facebook a Bachelor plus you
got Skynet behind it I think it could as
a potential it looks like I'm crying
right now
I got sunscreen in my eyes I'm just so
emotional I just like Google+ so much I
just want you guys at us
are your eyes watering right now I am
totally confused I'm trying to post for
the first time on the Google+ thing but
it's telling me never mind is two words
or the - but I could have sworn it's
supposed to be one word am I going crazy
testing the colors and then you can buy
caterpillars right here I think you
should get those its pigment you can put
it anywhere but I don't want to get it
everywhere you have to put something
under it so it sticks why why yeah
safety first kill the germs
do I look Festool oh my god you do look
really hot in this Charles just bought
some new sunglasses and he looks sassy
oh my god I really hope that like Phil
and Shay and all your friends see this
and make you have to move well you need
to move she needs to sit down the only
thing what's wrong with her
congratulations so you could be a
teacher now it's official yeah you're on
the spot teach teach the internet
something yeah unofficial report pass
where you got that from a claw machine
in Japan that's what I look like my
shirt off - wait this really says it
says mug puffs yeah that's hilarious
hockey fact that his favorite candy ever
you're a claw machine wizard then right
exactly this in a circle so they're
actually less rigs it's in the United
States we had a nerds truck and I'm
finally taller than you Jessie sup dawg
sup dawg look who it's passing out Oh
long day today heads
my head's feeling a little bit better
for those of you concerned I hope you I
don't I'm pretty sure everyone's gonna
make it like a montage like over the
past couple years I'd be just like
completely busting and following it like
in the past a week it's been a baby gate
and then I trip somewhere else and I
tripped on a skimboard
right by the road anyway I just want to
say good night guys anyway so yes I give
you full permission in the comments to
make fun of me oh no strip your sunix
fold you live throw up with your name
trip trust me I've heard every single
one of them Oh see if we can do this
even we got to see if we can do the even
thing yeah I hope you enjoyed the video
hope you smiled don't forget to click
thumbs up and I will see you tomorrow
tell me when you feel better now
you look tired dude oh ok ready 57 we're
gonna go 5050 750
okay we're going to 58 okay 58 58 oh
good I guess
waiter
worse yet sexy
giddy with child tripping
with Deanna Reed don't forget throw a
long
