I have the pool all to myself oh haha
it's actually looking like it's going to
storm still get the Sun but it's not as
harsh that's not as hot
what are you doing I think they they in
the water I like it in the water this is
very much in the water I feel like me
and really somebody needs to invent like
a waterproof laptop that you can write
on till I click underwater and write
emails and upload YouTube videos in the
water we call it in the water under the
water under the sea thank you from me
life is better when you're a little bit
wetter under the sea seriously
this is really a really good idea having
it kind of like the beach thing I feel
like when we get a house we have to get
a beach entry and then we have to have
pissing water fountains what is that a
flower
not exactly a very threatening shark
yeah there we go there we go have it you
lost it
thank you it's not actually that great
but I think it's pretty it's blue nice
lovely how are you doing this fine
cloudy day it's not actually that great
but I mean it's pretty it's blue it's
nice lovely I'm not gonna be a cloud
racist so we are going to try something
new I just had an idea I didn't post
anything this morning on Twitter however
yesterday I did the whole little leg to
yoga not to yoga and I remember how I
did that little prank thing on Charles s
gonna quit picking as I did that whole
thing so it kind of gave me this idea
that we should totally do this awesome
interactive vlog but not wearing you
choose the video in the vlog more like
you guys think what we do you make all
of our decisions throughout the day so
it would kind of be like you guys are
directing a vlog before we do anything
we'll just post a quick question on
Twitter and whoever either is the first
to respond or whatever is the most
frequent response that will do that I
think it's a really good fun new thing
to try I don't know let me know if you
think it's a good idea because I don't
know I think it's fun I think a it's a
good idea be it'll get you guys involved
and D it'll make my decision-making
easier would you staring at we had to
come back we're just gonna do just a BG
type day tomorrow's gonna be a BG
spoiler tomorrow's a peachy day - oh
this is where all the little Crabbie's
again she's not very good Lassie okay
now you're good you're good yeah you're
good you know we should name him she
named him Kassem G Marley's got a friend
get it Zoey she's all about that now and
look at Zoe she's just yeah I'm
distracted by things in dirt she's
snorting
that's a good pet topic it's going crazy
the dog isn't easy I want nothing to do
it this looks just like the photo I
don't know stand all of you
you
losers on the back
alright you cook dinner I'm gonna go
watch Twilight there's the ticket
hold on this think it doesn't matter
know that she was a little freaking I've
had you're so cute your little chef's
trip eh I need to get like a chef's hat
what is this thinking better I love this
that's what one of my favorite like crap
thank you supposed to be in here
Hey
are you team Edward Team Jacob team
Alice team Alice so we decided to make
that sesame chicken recipe that I
discovered I was in like two months ago
the only thing I forgot how long it
takes it takes like freaking hours
I was hungry like two hours ago I'll put
the link for the same exact recipe it's
on the internet called telogen website
just if you have time it's distasteful
ever not for you not for you either for
me mmm-hmm it's gone already I was gonna
wait for Charles but then I didn't I was
going to but then I didn't it would have
been really nice but I ate it it was so
good you just look how good this looks
not to just show you that come on cuz
I'm like great what am I gonna do now
lights out sweet oh just the one there's
just one and you know what I just I look
through my entire collection of
lightbulbs I do not have a single 40
watt light bulb anywhere in my house I
was the only lamp in here that takes
that Danny left girls on board let's go
do something
so now I just have to hang out with
these losers hello little man hello
little man so creepy do you help yeah
what are you bunch of dinosaurs you know
my finger
no I'm fine trying to help you he's he's
fully endowed if you know what I mean
he can't take him fly with that thing
hanging between his legs did I just go
there there we go
now please do not hump my finger how do
I get rid of them okay go on here
well looks like we have a new up there
it flew away
mr. Midler sent a hundred peed just
decided to come by
hey guys just wanted to say good night
and a different way something we usually
don't do and there's a reason for that
but you know what hope you enjoyed the
video have a spectacular time
spectacular time I had that's a word now
yeah so don't forget to click thumbs up
right down there that's what school kids
do the click thumbs up and add it to
frames and tell all their friends so you
came back see for the win
you didn't know what that means it means
cool to the frickin core didn't know
that now you do learning something new
today I know you want to know a huge
flaw inception right now I'm playing
guitar with a memory card of the export
version of this video don't believe me
look at that pretty crazy
did I just explode your mind that's how
the cool kids do online I arrived and I
really wasn't planning on it but all
right good night guys
I try to promise not to do that again
worse yet sexy
with child trippy
were sneaky
yes with drug therapy
don't forget anymore
you
