how you doing good afternoon internet
break fake water Busch Gardens go into
the bush of the guard gardens of the
book we're going to land the bush
there's a there's a new roller coaster
there hopefully I don't know if I better
get the ride of today because I'm
assuming we're kind of going late
they're probably be a long line but we
will go back and we'll do like some sort
of awesome point of view if we can't do
it I'm gonna try it today but if you can
I don't remember the last time we
actually went to the Isles of bush we've
been a while it's a couple years since
we like lived here before moving in
Tallahassee roller coaster madness at
the Isles of bush you know it like back
to the future where the guy this with
little cronies where's the 3d glasses I
feel like this could be the new look of
2011 do you think like oh just everyone
go to their eye doctor and ask for the
pupil dilation glasses the cataract
classes and we can all start a new trend
I think oh this the parking ride oh
that's a lot of people we might not be
able to get a ride a lot of rides today
that's for sure did you guys forget your
cowboy hat binoculars yeah you get your
binoculars set your camera from 1960 our
baby bottle it's so random how's that
the new one cheetah I just got I got
this guy dribbled on me drooled on me
it's gonna start leaking look fly your
phone I didn't Jake I think as soon as
we stepped out of the house he said
oh it's actually not raining no it's
ringing my bad at the heart it's our
dreams it's okay it'll stop look it's
like it looks nice over there are those
cheetahs to one of these mines yeah it's
pretty impressive isn't it I'm gonna
have to walk away I want to touch it so
bad Zetta cheetah are those cheetahs sup
dude I challenge them to a boxing match
we win
yeah he's using his tail and front feet
just like a little tripod is a Penta pod
and their penta pods I don't know I
think I could take it
so which one is related to rock oh well
look at that one that one's posing for a
calendar over there yeah mr. November
Rocko's Modern Life Rocko's Modern Life
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
October's mod that tail is amazing like
it looks like so I don't think he's
itching I think I think you might be
doing something else no they kinda
example that Burt Reynolds photo that he
did in the 70s no no no no no no no no
no no no is that a treater everything's
closed this sucks I want to go on a
roller coaster are you gonna make his
fork get in the head you have a talent
oh you're gonna hit me that is one sick
tattoo man take credit cards
you are way too brave oh we got to film
somebody getting wet and slow motion on
this then we're coming down
ok that looked pretty frickin awesome i
love slow motion is that a tuna
don't do it man you have a great you're
so much to live for great life everybody
loves you don't even think about Tina
it's not your fault is using it as a
straw I love this I feel that's his pimp
Cup Republican you probably found that
accidentally and a cool one cuz he has a
tool yeah no one else does
ha
is sharpening it April rise it will rise
what can you eat it he's onto us
you seem just pool it's blowing the
water out
nice
oh there's a big fan wow that is insane
that's like the power the power of like
odel of a cell phone Angry Birds like
taken over there's gonna be like an
angry bird like pine park this is how it
would be really funny if there was a
ride somewhere and then do you have to
get like flung across that would be
watch Disney's gonna make that is that a
cheetah wow that roller coaster comes
all the way over here and guess what
it's broken awesome is that a cheetah is
that a cheetah the one on the right is
Barry what the one the one I left does
look ladies death staring everybody
that's over there tear you apart if you
take one more flash picture he's gonna
eat you cheetah hey Roger does anything
no no Jim keep an eye out all right
things weren't working out with Shelby
so uh decided to come up with couple
drinks watch my back man who go scout
around some boats or something can you
hey try to beat that over here man this
is like the worst day to possibly go
everything is closed down are you
talking to the birds go get the rabbit
well at least we got one roller coaster
in today before it started so crappy I
huh well the good news is we have a year
pass so maybe we'll come back on another
day and get the I actually the entire
day we did not find one cheetah did we
know cheetahs it was a Cheetah Hunt and
we lost I feel like this is false
advertising there's like no cheat at all
this is spot on your thing is okay
nothing we should poke them dick 3
finally our quest is done we found a
cheetah boom they're having a standoff
well I'm happy we didn't waste the
entire day we at least found some
cheetahs fireman so here we have a
cheetah this thing is freaking huge I
mean look at the size of it I mean it's
really thin delete a big freaking hit
don't want to be caught in the wrong
worries mate especially not if you've
got some fresh flank steak on you or
anything like that they can smell it I
just love that they just go right after
they'll just come and they'll just tear
you apart what they do then it's a
cheater but punch
but watch no boys locking nope
hey laughing one two I almost got it I
tried I tried to get her back you will
be pranked you will be praying one ice
cube here you go you want to die it or
something okay it's our favorite treat
party guys well we found our cheetah and
it's time to go to bed we're gonna
actually started we're gonna we're gonna
do a new thing we're gonna try to go to
bed before four in the morning Ali's
already been doing yeah Ali's been doing
it for one yeah see i'm still stuck up
in there for nine and you may get a bet
ya know i'm gonna i'm an insomniac i'll
talk to you guys really quickly we were
just recently approached oh hi Zoe we
were recently approached with a really
fun and awesome opportunity and we're
really really excited about it and love
you like I love the reason why we wanted
to accept was because they will be
helping pay for our wedding we really
wanted to pay for our own wedding
because we felt like basically our
parents they've done now yeah they we
can pay for away we were we were kind of
we were bunch of little brats you know
and to deal with us for what now 26
years 21 years I think the least we
could do yes robbing the grave and this
opportunity came to us and we were so
excited to be a part of it for two
reasons one the concept of the video is
actually pretty accurate to our
relationship on condiments Ali as you
guys know in the vlogs she has a problem
with a certain contemn continent
condiment when we go yeah every time we
go to certain sandwich shops she likes
an excess of amount it's disgusting when
they came to us we thought oh my god is
actually what we do in our relationship
and to this is a big one guys they're
actually going to be giving away 25
thousand dollars towards a wedding or
divorce yeah and it's really cool it's
all you gotta do is make a really fun
little video short little video I think
60 seconds or less and we made a video
on
youtube.com slash Ali I want you guys to
go check that out because it explains it
more it gives you guys an example what
tells you everything you have to do we
just wanted to be completely upfront
with you guys and you know say thank you
because you know by watching our videos
by you know go and check that video out
you guys are helping us you're helping
us pay for your you guys are kind of
helping us it's a huge thank you and we
really think you know a CTFxC could
potentially win this they'll grab your
significant other go to youtube.com
slash Ali and watch the video ok and it
explains everything and then submit your
video so you can try to win at
youtube.com slash miracle whip we're
very thankful to be a part of this
contest a few few and far far between
when you have a company coming to
YouTube making in contests and it's
actually kind of a good idea and fun and
you know the internet can get behind it
kudos mere equip I think would be a
really really amazing if a CTFxC r wins
so go go enter everyone go in to grab
your significant other and enter rules
are on Ali's channel or youtube.com
slash miracle whip good night internet
you tomorrow though strip in half have a
wonderful evening and then all the other
times in between that yeah have a good 5
45 everyone jack but no other time just
that time no Anna 432 432 and 5 45 have
a great day time exact All Right see you
guys tomorrow youtube.com slash Ali
check it out entered good luck
you
see what you did
it's hardly wait
where's easy at sexy
giddy with y'all tripping
with Dirty Harry don't bring your three
more
you
