good morning I am talking fest oh man I
wonder what happened to people saw me
probably be pretty embarrassing just
waiting for the stupid vlog to upload
basically a look at Ali and I are in the
same room for a change this entire week
has been insane she's been doing all
these doctor's appointments but you're
healthy right she's not blind she has
20/20 vision perfect skin
wait did you go to the dentist you
didn't go to the dentist oh but she's
got a she's got a septum problem so she
has to have a septum issues corrected so
you're not a hundred percent perfect
Charlie black do the sad Charlie Brown
we're getting the merch out too and okay
I swear this computer is like the
natural heating pad for these guys they
just like lay up against it all the time
every time they come by they just go and
they knock it down and I'm always afraid
they're gonna like lose my my whatever
we're working on but as you can see be
outside it's kind of crappy but I want
to go to the dog beach it'd be nice to
get outside for a change I've been all
stuffed up doing doing behind-the-scenes
stuff while I was having fun getting
poked and prodded you know what somebody
in the comments section said your eyes
were literally like yesterday no they
were literally like this this emoticon
you know the big one and the little one
that's exactly what you were yesterday I
think out of all Mota cons that is
probably one of my favorite ones I don't
know everyone's got a favorite emoticon
what's yours you have a favorite one
I'll use the the P the colon and the P
Internet tell me in the comments show me
in the comments your favorite your top
three emoticons that you tend to use
then you know the best way to look it's
just look in your text messages and see
how many times you use them and then
come back and type it in the comments I
want to see if I see an emoticon in the
comment section that I've never seen
before so test me maybe one with the
mustache
say hurry up
all right do we have to do another
promise do I should I even bother how
many of you guys when you were watching
the video yesterday and I started off
with like Marlee do you promise did you
know you just knew she was gonna do
something bad and like everyone's like
all used to scold her and you know she's
rolling in poop I'll just give her a
bath I think but I think it's funny I
think that's why I don't really get
really mad I just think it's kind of
funny because it's just so ridiculous
now what are you doing we're never gonna
do it Aleve
we're all waiting are these are old
people's spectacles you want to you want
to try I'm sorry she's sitting available
maja
yeah you feel cool oh sorry geez flick
them right off Marley you want to wear
them
I just feel cooler than this exactly and
I feel like a million bucks
honey I told you not to park the boat
there whoa fish jumping you see that
I don't know wasn't it a huge Fisher
stroke right behind that I totally meant
to do that
whoa look at the high tide I was sitting
on that bench yesterday or the other day
need to be crazy
I like how we go all the way to the dog
beach they don't want to go in the water
now Marley go get the garbage out of the
water they're like a it's a bench hey
like what guy can't get up the back you
dumbass there's a friend oh my god look
she's crying now she's like oh wait wait
oh I get it now oh my lord what a little
brat face
that was ridiculous she was literally
like I'm lost I'll never get to you ever
she's like wait what wait what daddy
wait why you lost at sea yeah she's good
she's got it are you really trying to
climb the tree you don't have to do that
she's trying to do exactly what we do
doesn't the water look like piss yellow
I knew that's why they don't want to go
in right now or is that another tennis
ball sweet Zoey good job he saved it no
no push oh I was laughing at the fact
that you she was leaving it just out of
reach
good info get the trash Marlee get the
trash oh wow that is a lot of fish oh it
does have a slide
Marlee well I want to go on that boat
I'll see you guys later
yeah they hear all the people yawn it's
a big boat
oh it's cruising now look how fast it's
going
what are you doing dude don't even try
it
they're both just kind of like come at
me bro
come at me what are you gonna do come at
me bro look at her pace no I like having
just an air mattress I just like having
a random air mattress it's just me
listen dirty I can't remember who
recommended trying doing this somebody
in the comments of one of the whole
videos said to put ally in our monkey
suit and then fly the helicopter in
front of the green screen to make it
look like the Empire State Building I'm
bored let's do it all right monkey there
you go show me angry angrier okay I'm
gonna switch through the 70 now I got
anything on are you stretching limbering
up yeah a suitcase can you not see
anything there it is
we gotta bring it lower
oh sorry so let's just prove we read the
comments are you still in your suit
serious I just plugged it in and someone
who started editing it looks good on you
bed it's actually gonna warm right so
you know there was a nice color ha ha
look at this sandal tan that's so bad
yep three two one happy new year I can
see a mile away with that yellow bag it
is date night
it's movie night what are we gonna go
see what I'm going to see I'm really
excited because Charlie day from It's
Always Sunny is in it I apologize that
was a terrible Charlie Day impression I
haven't been to this date in forever
wait which one are we in found it we
report so what we wander around until we
can find the cars that's it what you
think is the car so we just saw Horrible
Bosses and it was awesome it was awesome
like you like I thought I was gonna say
horrible I liked it Ali did you like it
yeah I think what no I was not he's the
best thing in the movie though because
they all did a thing Jason Bateman was a
Jason sudakis two decades Jennifer
Aniston was pretty funny in it though to
the Colin Farrell was pretty ugh Kevin
Spacey it was pretty funny I like the
movie deal with movies like that were
they're so dumb and no one would be that
stupid well guys it's time to go to bed
I'm gonna actually try to get a bed a
little bit early tonight but yeah I just
want to say thank you for provoking Ali
to wake me up with a vuvuzela I know it
was your fault yeah she was posting it
on dailybooth and twitter and you guys
told her to do it so I blame you can't
believe that was actually I think the
only time I ever got pranked or scared
other than like I don't even remember it
was like I think was like seven years
ago I think this is this this clip right
here and I screamed like a
that's actually where I got the idea to
do the little popper things no this is
your fault you guys gee it was a good
one
they finally though I wouldn't collect
call that a prank though that's
definitely not a prank it's more of a
scare needless to say I won't take away
it was good oh and on Ally's Channel on
Monday we're gonna upload a special
video I'll explain it here but we're
really really excited about it were a
part of this and it came at a perfect
time and I'll explain it I just wanted
to give you guys something to look
forward to on a Monday because Monday's
everyone's like it's Monday it's
basically just a cute little video ally
and I shot together for her channel so
yeah if you're not subscribed to Ally's
channel links in the sub bar that'll be
out like I said Monday so that way you
guys don't have a case of the Mondays
very important that that doesn't happen
is this like blood section you see the
vlog as as you just watched it and it's
not even exported yet I just realized
that you can't see that until I go like
this and then it goes adjustment there
it is that there's a lot of section for
you I will go to bed now I hope you guys
enjoyed the video if you smiled laughed
enjoy this video click thumbs up and in
the comments we'll say and then in the
comments we'll just say Ali is the best
King Kong ever that'll be our secret
phrase for today so yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow
have a good day or night a morning or
just see ya
it's coming our way
psst
giddy with child trippy
where Cynthia
with Gianelli don't forget
you
