well good morning guys today I either
have to go to a hospital or to a doctor
my ear is killing me
here's the thing over here in Australia
they don't have walk-in clinics they
have what are called like either super
clinics which apparently are all closed
on Sunday for the hospital and I called
the hospital and they want 500 USD so
500 American dollars so I need to find
either go there and just suck it up or
find some sort of super clinic I'm
probably just have to suck it up and go
to the hospital I don't want to have to
go I hate them I was looking online and
they have like a hospital like like a
mile like 25 miles away from where we're
actually staying so I'm gonna try to go
there hopefully they end up like either
taking the insurance so that way I don't
have to obviously pay for that or that
they're gonna just like my goal is to
just see what it is and see if they can
help or something even if it's temporary
relief until I get back to the states
that would be good or something like
forgive me alcoholic rubbing that
running peroxide in order to try to get
rid of the stuff so I'm gonna become if
I go there and it's gonna be like a
super oxide or just do some sort of like
ear drops or something like that
watch this what's the end up happening
what was once estimated 0.5 miles away
is now 1.2 miles away this film did some
exercise before the show
glad this isn't something I really need
to get to right now because can't get in
exactly basically it's a mild infection
but they can't believe it's kind of
crazy they can't really give too many
things over the counter or I should say
over the counter not a prescription is
what I'm saying like so they just
suggested maybe doing swimmers here and
a thing called this is just wax remover
so I'm gonna go back and then I'm gonna
go find Frankie and Danny and I think
they want to go possibly choose some
sort of video game store and grab
probably doom or something like that
I gotta find this earwax and strong man
but I'm pretty sure it's actually pretty
common because I remember having that
when I was a kid all right school I just
found look at this this I can't believe
this is so specific it's an ear and eye
hospital so hopefully they have better
suggestion other than just things I can
go buy from the convenience store
that's actually really kind of crazy
well this is kind of annoying they said
the same thing Tylenol swimmers ear and
earwax removal Thanks
I knew that so Kayla and I are downtown
we are heading to local topia I actually
made it out I didn't think I would but I
did
all these people are waiting to get in
to attend Lutz on your own and there it
is my favorite shop ever asked the door
and their awesome little bus that they
we're not going in those we're not
buying anything I just stumbled upon my
friend Erica I didn't stumble upon her
she yelled at my name and then I ran
over here and hugged her you know cuz I
love her to death
theone just companies with the Indigo
ouch makes these really cute little cat
toys ah yes everybody needs to come and
check her out I just got this actually
Caitlyn just bought this one I gotta
talk for Rica and she's gonna love it
but guys go check out indigo a land
always the best but yes go check them
out at see Instagram Facebook and go out
Gill :
Yoko LIGO I could barely get out of it
I've been running for three hours
look at this and its original packaging
- how do you know you had one oh yeah I
had one and then here's the point thing
I've had one let's just I had one and
then we got really like distracted with
it my mom took care of it they always
have died we just asked for deodorant
and he brought us to the women's theater
he wanted to cook you smooth stuff you
have to soak your fresh bud so at this
point Danny Frankie and I are just a
wander around because we have hours to
kill
we woke up at 6:00 in the morning do
your like six hours where what happened
mr. Paul going to the doctor and now the
country is very interesting I should say
very interesting you wouldn't let me
film - by the way that's why I couldn't
bring the camera I remember once I
actually filmed the dentist and he made
me delete every one I filmed the dentist
once and he was an old-school dentist
and he saw I did it and he would not
work on my teeth until he deleted the
footage walking out of solitary
I was just gonna say we quite just sit
there and follow the tour but I couldn't
understand it yeah you can understand
German now you can speak it this is all
I can say if my cotton Himmel like i say
my Gott in Himmel I see on my god in
heaven a spy I don't let me see in front
of a church
I haven't oh hi oh well it's not bad is
that blasphemous I'm not being bad
all right no we're gonna find Frankie
where does he begin do you find it do
you get it though we got it right there
we go
the boomerang effect this happens to you
for me my past aid every day something's
happened Frankie with his phone oh and
your air hose your air pot that's what
happened
my screen is smashing about them that's
a good ten everyone smash your screen
give one of those screen protectors they
make it look like it's smash that's a
little bit less annoying
Duncan his fancy stuff you lived and
went with the Buffalo cauliflower you
know Ali be proud there Frank
well today it was a blast at local tip
you know we just kind of walked around
and looked at the vendors ran into
Harrods honey also ran into my friend
Erica who's got this really cool little
Etsy shop where she sells cat toys that
she hand makes she was actually there
making one right when we were having our
conversation it was just nice to kind of
walk around especially for him being a
gloomy day and I was still not feeling
super hot but I I don't know about you
guys felt like when I don't feel great I
don't always like to just lay around I
like to kind of get out and get some
fresh air and it tends to make me feel a
little bit better so that was really
really nice and it was nice just to kind
of hang out with my sister and like have
a really simple Saturday I really really
enjoyed it anywho my Saturday night is
gonna consist of hanging out with these
twerps because I feel like I haven't
been spending enough time with them so
I'm gonna just take it easy tonight
relax a little bit and watch maybe watch
a few movies a few chick flicks because
God knows I don't watch those and
Charles is here
it's a 97 guy from the bean greet got us
a boomerang and Frankie's been learning
how to do this
ghostly act Oh double boom that's like a
fan all right there's obviously someone
standing behind the camera it's gonna
throw em back boomerang scammer
that was a shorter number s for sure my
ears still goofing up so I take a shower
and forget to subscribe and I will see
you tomorrow on our day off and
hopefully my girl feel better and I
don't have to go to a doctor again like
is it something it's something never
mind alright guys good night
