and you guys like stop doing that man
it's messed up I think he's mad because
he likes it
Zoey's on provisional status right now
no week she's rocking it probably the
only one the computer quick no Charl
listen you ready to go
good job girl even you come on
so we're trying it with diesel he's like
not moving cause he knows I think I know
I'm going to get in trouble
nope I'm going to get in trouble Marley
ma'am come over here
Zoey almost did the entire mile without
a leash tried Marley she didn't want to
see so this is why she can that's why
she had the whole ventilation you see
squirrels were gone
she can't catch one so we're gonna go
hang out was that Collin and Sophie I
walked toward today
stop calling boys last time you took a
shower last night I just could say if
you want to shower at the house here you
go here's the broken neck security -
buddy I just saw that photo or like
looking at it I'm like we're the creeks
gonna be as pink you saw my height a
little something on your head but right
got a little something on your face
oh yeah Nina died get away from that I
was the same like if we could like show
them back to summer camp you got to go
to your old friends you know I got
junior we got that Gary got grant love
and also here oh my gosh memories right
now is this funny this is like where we
bring Marley all the time to chase all
the squirrels I know there's like no
grass anymore all those people are
jumping in the water salty we were to
show you what all those barnacles loti
to dementia start
yeah the probably scared for all the
punk rock is a lot I'm glad when I do
him please a god-awful place I remember
that that's nothing you want to go down
a waterslide and I don't like that guy
so we got to come here with a dog like
the next day and see how bad this place
looks
somebody has an RV this is where all the
quietness the block rule it's like we're
all fans definitely and they don't want
to
they keep moving keep literally now this
is where you want to go peeing at the
board pies yeah well they know maybe
when watching these videos so long
hey camera Hallie's moving over here
there we go
now they delete a little bit mochi so
she have to recreate it give yourself
area looks nothing like you I think you
got winter bed that's kind of you with
my mesmerizing glasses there's always
people yeah seatbelt safety first we're
going to go bliss is camping right now
so we're gonna go say hi to them and
then walked or just got so hot I
completely forgot how hot before the
dates are anyway we're going to see them
and then maybe we're going to like I
don't know light some fireworks because
it's fourth of July and we get there
yeah not weird that you do in your build
test size medium don't get cluttered
honest but large just like in them right
on those are the medium where they
changed it
you won't see what what do my face what
you just come in well now good morning
get my file
my nose is running I wondered what it's
like to be on the other side of it
snapshot that's it right there
what happens all the noise have you ever
noticed Ally's number one fan is elation
to make yourself laugh all the time
that's a good indication best thing is
like I'm like I can totally be a famous
comedian told myself in the bathroom is
laughing is actually kind of funny
sometimes I'll hear Ali didn't giggling
the bathroom really sloppy
well somebody happy
on the road on pal ready to go meet up
with Melissa you said three shots of
espresso my coffee I'm probably too
sensitive so I'm sure espressos are good
or copy of spiritus mundi Nicole's
realizing that as much as I like don't
want to accept the fact I do have a cold
I need you I have a cool she's actually
camping out this weekend and I'm hoping
that I'll feel better by tomorrow so we
can at least hang out with him tomorrow
but Lisa Garen's we left worked for
early car was really kind because you
could tell I was like like not feeling
my greatest but I didn't know strong
else on there I was actually really
excited because you guys kind of
self-esteem about airsoft and hot air
tonight was there which is like my go to
high school stuff Rolla juice I have
cool I'm accepting it they don't play
until the very end and bar their order
the guar war or war that actually season
before ending this very interesting
episode of this is very steep they
should blow it out of a big penis this
is interesting I want to go back again
nobody does remember that I can't
pronounce it just sweet right by the
water then we've gone in the water yet
the come here spin spin yeah no sir
so we're checking out some of the
campgrounds just kind of getting an idea
is when we looked at sort of so when we
do this ver trap here's the tour bus oh
my god I want it they have like these
little cabins and then the other des
less commonly me like two-story cabin
watch out for the kids
lots of kids well we're just going to
get any idea and seeing how things are
hooked up so that way we're not complete
I think that'd take a class when we get
this thing which I think is going to be
very smart
they're definitely about it we've been
doing a lot of research but even doing a
lot of research you know yeah you don't
know it pretty much anything and we've
been doing a lot of research based on
your comments and based on YouTube you'd
be surprised how how much you learn from
YouTube I know most people know that
I've been like watching YouTube videos
like crazy like you don't like learned a
lot from it is the vagabrothers the Vega
brothers mega brothers yeah mega
brothers they are very informative
they're like if anything goes wrong we
can blame them
well no no I miss Gary but a boy should
like quite a few differently travel is
that you absolutely keep us up on there
in girlfriend raha Howser to say there's
blogs out there but I don't work is
really visual by the way Ali is dying I
something's dude okay that last for
those the whole time
and you can go back to work today yeah
because I've never seen war so Ali's
gonna drop me off so I can will watch
Corps as they write everyone and so you
guys can see war who have no idea what
what this is going to be you know what
this is like my mom dropped me off at
the punk rock shows Oh little
be careful don't talk to strangers on my
vlog on my Glasgow father buddy all
right let me go back towards the wild
easy and Colin appearing in artwork
Oh
Wow
ha
outsider
Oh
Oh Roger
I have no idea what I just saw I
literally have no idea how you can
explain it I'm just glad I assumed that
I appreciate the theatrics because I
mean anything can go up there and just
be a metal band but to have that
theatrical cousins like that I just
blows my mind I love it see now this is
the only thing that sucks I completely
forgot a book tour cell phone syndrome
where you know like I guess there's any
crowd syndrome where you're like in a
crowd and for some reason your phone can
go all the way to space and back for a
phone call instantaneously but when
you're with a group of people it just
has like this
brain fart and it just doesn't know how
to do anything so I've been stuck on
edge which is kind of like dial-up for a
cell phone so I can't seem to get like
an uber poem and Ally's not feeling good
that's why she didn't come out so I feel
really bad like trying to make her come
out and pick me up so I'm seeing about
if I can walk away from work for Oh No
pretty good day kind of made me miss
walked for a little bit and kind of
didn't at the same time because how hot
it was but I don't know it'll be nice to
do it again even though Ally's sick she
still manages to make the most
magnificent looking healthy food
imaginable I just got back obviously
into the shower and I still feel
freaking disgusting it's been my nose my
gear back my eye somehow probably oh
it's good to be able to come back to the
house and that back to a box so I will
have to say that fulfill it crud you
know today you got worse and worse get
that vitamin C I felt terrible horrible
and annoying you know yeah well guys I
hope you enjoyed today's video and yes I
know that was super freaking weird but I
hope you enjoyed it especially if you
guys had no idea of who that metal band
was but first time ever seeing myself
anyway please don't forget to subscribe
if you guys are brand new if you're not
high-five and we will see of what rific
what all right I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
you
you
