okay I want to take you out but we have
to make a pact you have to shake on this
Marley where's the freaking light do you
promise
sit down do you promise not to roll in
poop today oh you better oh well of
course they take him out it starts
raining damn you
god of rain you guys have a frisbee hat
what was that thunder
you are officially a bad dog you know
what I think it is I think she's just
trying to like mask her scent so she can
sneak up on squirrels and birds from now
on no I smell good I need to smell like
poop let's make this trip go faster
ah come here you promised me you
promised and look at me
Marley sit down sit down you promised me
you broke a promise you know that Marley
looked me in the eyes you won't even
look at there we go look me in the eyes
you broke a promise
yeah burtom you avert your eyes big
asshole you're a big asshole I just saw
what you did dude you did the exact same
thing you just rolled it I'm losing my
brain I am losing my mind I am going to
have a nervous breakdown with these
little a-holes
I'm freaking losing it you're usually
the good one this isn't today starting
to feel like deja freakin vu all right
are you ready
go get it look it she's gonna catch it
too deja vu this videos deja vu right
now and I'm walking down the same lines
talking to the camera today isn't
yesterday is it are you watching the
right video Oh digging your mud pit
alright guys I'm a little pissed off at
you that was not cool not cool at all
get him carry on
I mean at least they're happy can't
really get to can't forgot too much Oh
Marley oh yeah eyes ears nose mouth I
don't know what's going to happen
Danae I don't know what in life I don't
know what's gonna happen someone trying
to scare me and say they're gonna shoot
a puff of air into your eye and check
for glaucoma is that what she tells you
everything she's gonna do what you're
gonna feel and it's it believe me I just
went through it it's fine okay great
I don't want to do it yeah so I'm just
gonna be home a little bit later don't
worry about this looks scary to me
volume is unbalancing light off the
surface to get a curvature measurement
I'm going to look in the middle or
tonight we'll just right at the shape of
your eye determines how long you focus
like on peeping at you through their
high or too low are you comfortable um
that's fine okay you're doing good it's
gonna look really really blurry so try
an e if I put a cross pattern the front
of you and then some lenses I need to
know if the lenses are darker like they
are thicker or blacker bolder or fatter
running up and down running horizontal
so not a bit um the legs look a little
fatter okay again that string comes up
close just need you to stare straight at
it you're looking perfect because I take
a picture of you and there was a
Polaroid that would snap AHA and you'd
see an after image like you would see
yes yeah I'll be bleached and you would
see spots can we do my hose well there
isn't that right yeah I think it's I
mean I can't see okay so I I just spent
the past so time is it now about the
past three and a half four hours
basically spamming my channel just to
make sure that you guys knew what was
going on with International shipping for
everybody who's doing domestic shipping
and shipping with the United States it's
fine it's totally cool everyone's fine
getting it but the problem is there's
some concerns with International
shipping and I just want to tell you
explain what's kind of going on we go
through ups and that's just what they
charge tweek isn't charging you more
they're not making any more money I'm
not making money by charging you guys
more shipping it's strictly UPS you can
actually go to UPS is website you can go
to FedEx's and you can check that stuff
out yourself to ship a four pound box
which three four pounds or what the
shoes cost I mean they're not light
their shoes you know what I mean that's
just that's just the price unfortunately
and we've fought like a week two weeks
trying to find the cheapest route and
this is just unfortunately the situation
however I just want to make it known I
don't think people are reading the
product page like when you go to the
assassins page it says in bold that you
don't have to pay taxes or the customs
fees tweek is actually absorbing that
that's all in the the shipping quotes
that they give you so actually it's
costing them a little bit more to do the
the international stuff then if you were
to just drop these shoes off at UPS it
would cost you way more and if you don't
believe me go check out the website so I
just wanted to make sure that you guys
knew that we're not overcharging
International shipping just an
overcharge it sucks UPS charges a
boatload I should say like our tank load
or Freight load in some countries some
countries are totally cool but just some
you know that a further obviously take
more time and gas and all that stuff so
I just wanted to make sure you guys knew
though International shipping includes
the taxes and the custom so and I just
wanted to clear that up for you guys and
then the other thing that I wanted to
talk was a lot of people were like I
really want to get it but it's not in on
my country tweek has got a customer
service email on their website I think
it's at the bottom right of the page so
if your country isn't listed when you're
trying to buy it just kindly ask them
and say hey I'm from so-and-so country
can we can I still buy it somehow
through you guys can you personally send
it to me and in some countries they said
they can actually work the system to
actually make it happen overall I'm
tripping all over everyone's been really
really happy with the shoe design I'm
really stoked I wanted to wear them
today but it's raining so I didn't want
to ruin them or anything yet I really
like them and I really hope everyone's
picking them up and then I'm gonna wear
them with pride but I just wanted to
again make sure you guys knew the
situation with the international we're
not doing it it's all ups I hope it
doesn't deter you guys because we worked
really hard on the shoe and we're trying
to make it and we're trying to get it to
you guys so I'll stop talking about it
now but I just wanted to make sure you
guys knew about the international stuff
all you guys live in the United States
all the domestic stuff it shouldn't even
be a problem it's thing I think it's
super cheap in the United States just
because it's all domestic I do apologize
it's not something that we just ignored
and you know just like whatever we
really really fought to make it you know
a better price but it just
unless UPS wants to give me a call and
say hey I can get it super cheap UPS do
you want to you want to call me I
promise if you PS can give us a call and
give us a better deal we'll make it
cheaper but until they do that we can't
do anything so I hope I hope you guys
still like the shoe that's gonna be
really bright out here for you great all
right here we go let's see your reaction
I know you'll be fine
you're just gonna probably squint but
it's really bright you're like awesome
we've got two pair of glasses man two
pairs of the Resnick yeah so I'm get mad
sweet shades on
I just tried to look at the sky or the
top of the glasses and it like seared my
retinas and I'm through all my doctor's
appointments file so happy and I look
like my cat when she freaks out and gets
all excited her eyes get really big what
might what might people look like is
it's really funny dude look at that
mustache Oh awesome okay can you see my
right people and then my left one what
like how I can't tell if it's in focus
okay cuz I can't see I cannot see it all
out of my right eye don't look like the
Mad Hatter so that's what I feel like is
this going to be forever can four beers
that's a different one Charlie I'm a
freak I'm a complete freak that's what I
feel like I look at myself in the mirror
and I have to look away because the
trick it is crazy especially when you
look at yours and how yours are and then
how huge even my left people is still
bigger than normal but this is like just
outrageous it's especially here let me
put my sunglasses on so it dilates a
little bit more and then right when I
take it off you can see how weird it is
it's just and I cannot see how the side
so I wanted to show you guys this do you
remember the video I posted as the
interactive video I think was two days
ago of Zoey she was doing a chat she was
chasing her tail for the first time and
then after that there was a second clip
before getting really pissed off at her
dog bowl I never realized this doll
watch that clip she has the same exact
dog bowl and remember how big that ball
looked like compared to how small she
was look at her now the same Bowl Hey
chew with your mouth closed dude so I
was one of those funny things there's
one if you didn't see it I'll put a link
in the sub R you can go check it out
it's funny cuz I didn't realize that I
had the same exact bowl for the for her
entire life or at the same style I don't
know if the same one I went to we went
to Tijuana for lunch and I saw three
people that I haven't seen in years so
bizarre because I you know it's funny
when you when you graduate college and
you go back to your hometown you're
gonna run into people who never left and
sometimes they're gonna act like they
didn't remember you
which is what just happens when I said
hi to this guy who I've known for a
really long time I haven't spoken to him
in a while but I know he knows who I am
and he totally acted like he didn't know
me embarrassing whatever I'm gonna chase
you little biatch Canton do I look like
her look her eyes ah do you see this
madness that is my eyes right now I just
cannot stop freaking out about it every
time I look in the mirror I just panic
I'm like oh it was so weird catching up
on Harry Potter heart wait wait Harry
Potter seven part one Deathly Hallows
Part 1 right yeah so that I can go see
the other you always stop when I turn
the camera on it's like a thing Jenna
she like knows as soon as I take the
camera out she completely stopped stops
she was just attacking my mom
forget it nope nope moments over you
could have been famous now you're not
did you just say
Griffon doodle okay oh my god so we're
going to see a Harry Potter 7 to Harry
Potter 72 gonna cry a lot I think cuz I
cried a lot when I watched the other one
it was really really good so I'm excited
let you know how it goes yes you have to
just pretend like we're not filming
ahead to zoom in that guy there's no way
I can get it you bitch I finally got add
now you walk away cause you know I'm
filming don't you I got you you little
piece of crap
wait what did they say you look fit is
that what they say oh is that what you
look fit I think that when someone looks
bad blogger
did you like it wait it's too dark I
can't even see oh that was awfully good
it is rained every single day for the
past what's been two weeks now every
single time I'm like I'm gonna go buy my
helicopter and you guys can try see me
can you how do I work out his car it's
not like oh my god I can't see it
Charles enhance and hats again enhance
some more but guys wanted to some cool
things that are actually happening in a
couple days actually could next couple
weeks
first off VidCon how many CTFxC ears are
gonna go I just found out after VidCon
sometime I'm going to be going with Ally
myself we're gonna be going to
Lollapalooza Lollapalooza Lollapalooza
we're gonna be going with shaped mr.
Shay Carl and YouTube and we'll be
filming that so that is going to be
exciting and we get the film backstage
of Lollapalooza do you guys even get
what I'm doing it's from The Simpsons
this just turned into some sort of
podcast where you can't even see me in
LA enhance so Ally's watching Harry
Potter I mean for me it's all about
Twilight and I'm just you know totally
totally Team Edward apparently that's a
thing that's funny it's always so much
better grocery shopping when using
it's like completely dead oh I love that
watch watch the lights I give you light
little things the little things in life
guys pretty cool I mean we've seen or
we've read all the books so we knew it
was gonna happen but it's really really
cool because you know reading is great
and it challenges your imagination but
to see it come to life on a big screen
with really imaginative and creative
directing and editing stuff it's awesome
it did a really good job very very
excited for those of you who haven't
seen it and those of you who have let me
know what you think I thought it was
very very good I just have some advice
when you go to a movie quiet it's
horrible for people trying to watch them
we don't be loud don't roll in the movie
theaters total online that's what the
Internet's there for don't fall in the
movie theaters it sucks that is you know
me oh that's my finger and that's the
Frog that is awesome he's so cute
I shall call you Freddy
Oh CTFxC assassins
a waiter
killed
and worse yet
with y'all trippin
with European alley don't forget
you
