alright guys after six months of waiting
I finally can reveal the CTFxC shoes
okay the assassins a little nervous wait
this is it's light it's empty oh that's
right guys it's because I'm wearing them
they're here I had to do a little
theatrical kind of unveiling I was
getting some better light sorry about
that yeah we were going so long for the
CTFxC shoes they actually come out guys
I had to think of something really
dramatic and theatrical but you know
this is the only way I can do it I just
got to show it to you so without further
ado I give you the CTFxC assassins they
are here in the I was gonna say flash
but in the canvas and rubber yes exactly
I said rubber well I know but yes these
are the shoes guys and they're really aw
man I'm so I'm so pumped you guys did
such a good job and they walk by
themselves Ali not included I did a full
rundown of the entire shoes all the all
the features and why we did what we did
and the details so quickly here pause
this video please go check that out I
didn't want to make it like an
eight-minute vlog I'm just talking about
the shoes I didn't want to annoy people
but I really I really truly am excited
if you're on a mobile device or
something you can't click on the screen
if you can't click my face there's a
link down there so pause this video go
check that out but yes the CTFxC
assassins are finally out see like you
can see there's faces you guys are
stepping on our faces isn't that pretty
cool the link to get your very own pairs
in the video description below
so yeah you guys that's out the shoe
that you guys designed you designed the
shoe you guys told us to do the frayed
edges you guys wanted photos of us
inside the shoe you wanted CTFxC on the
back you wanted a special flap that had
you can be like this and then you can
have ed Katie at the back or
want to be like this it's up to you guys
these are all your designs you guys made
this you you not only how did in bug
tweak to make a shoe you made the shoe
and don't worry we're shipping worldwide
so it doesn't matter where you're at go
to the website links down there you can
get your own pair we worked really hard
with the manufacturer and with tweek
before we moved forward to make it the
most affordable high quality shoe we
possibly can and I think we nailed it I
think we nailed it guys and I'm pop so
please click that videos but on the
screen right here and check out all the
features and the shoe you design guys is
out I'm pumped it's awesome something
about that makes me really not want to
be driving behind it
molten sulfur it just looks just honest
that just those words just molten is
scary
something about that sign just makes me
feel like it does not belong in Florida
maybe the fact that it looks like a
ranch in Colorado or something hey
welcome to Brandon we don't have this
kind of wood round here nor do we have
any kind of rock formations because
we're basically below sea level
but money you ready to take on the day I
see yours hey no this is because that
one day we went through that mud puddle
she thinks she can just go through it
every time now my bad I want to show off
ready ready go show off good catch
Marley sometimes your days that look at
this let's see this stop Marley just
stop this is poop I can smell it it
smells disgust and that's all poop
that's
it's all poop and mud and water and
sewage and disgusting this kidding not
even exaggerating if I smell anything
like that I get this that you know that
feeling we're just kind of like mmm whoo
and you just want to throw up just cuz
it yeah you just feel a lot better if
you did look at this
poop right there you are a jerk just
getting worse
all right worse where's the dog
whisperer I need the dog whisperer I
mean yeah it was raining earlier no it's
gorgeous and like you could go to the
beach I just look like a complete down
that cool let's go you thought we ate a
lot yesterday but I'm gonna I was gonna
about to sing hang up the phone I'm
gonna turn this off now so that I can
enjoy I mean you want to watch me eat
about it I will
no words changing the menu for the
wedding no words oh yeah yeah this is
okay just like a giant it also be really
messy don't do it man
just come down from there it's not worth
it no you just fix him all right
come here Marley get a bath really
you're running away from clean water but
you'd rather have poop if I go down when
I smell it
Marley you have to walk two feet away
from me at all times top ideas recording
so unfortunately Christine had to leave
today to go back to Tallahassee it's
just so so wonderful to be able to have
all the bridesmaids together yesterday
to go dress shopping that was something
that I imagined would never happen
because we're all in in completely
different places physically and also
like in terms of jobs and school and
stuff like that so it was really really
cool that we all may know should get
together and go shopping we found the
perfect dress I'm so so excited it's
just I can't believe how close the
wedding is do you guys believe it you're
gonna you're probably gonna get sick of
here and we talked about it because I'm
gonna talk about it a lot more in the
next coming months because it's just
it's getting down to the pits down the
line man it's down to the wire in four
months Charles and I are going to be
married I get to tell people he's my
husband we get to introduce him as my
husband that's crazy and I probably have
a really big and stupid smile on my face
don't I
it's a king uh I was living on our
breaks it's gym time ladies and gents
but I am a little disappointed because
today I am running late you're not
really supposed to go into a class late
to thing you're not warm and then you
screw other people up but I'm gonna do
it anyway wha you guys it's the release
of Harry Potter tonight that was an ad
dude moment what a much squirrel I'm not
gonna go see it at midnight I'm sad I
used to go out all the midnight showings
and robes with twigs and stuff like that
because I was a super nerd hopefully
gonna go see you tomorrow although I
have a doctor's appointment tomorrow my
host and they're gonna dilate my people
so I don't know if I'm gonna be able to
like even see really yeah it's still
it's so play doctor without a week so
this is going to be interesting you're
prepared though you actually were good
you didn't
I do this otherwise I want to throw up
ouch
huh it worked
Marley you get the dick towel because
you're a little dick Wow check out the
sky tonight that looks fake right there
that's so cool looking
is it the full moon is michael j fox o
to come out and get us all and play
basketball in a varsity sweater another
another instance where I feel like I'm
just getting bigger our coke cans just
like getting smaller another another
instance where I feel like I'm just
getting bigger our coke cans just like
getting smaller
yesterday we walked by and I'm like wait
a minute
have they always been that small so we
have a live show and I think about two
hours from now and I left I was such an
a-hole I left two boxes say like top
seeker like the shoes are right there so
people have been staring at it for like
a like I don't know they're in the
waiting room waiting and there's nothing
in there so you guys who were in the
live show know that I was just tricking
you but I wanted to build some hype in
some some excitement
so I Tyler Durden that really makes me
feel like Tyler Durden do you think you
get a discount for that one I think
Marley got into that do you remember
these cookies and how Ali and I pretty
much that's what all we lived off of in
Spain just cookies and what was it
Nutella a chocolate because that's the
only thing I can actually like buy by
myself anyone want any frozen decorated
poo
I think that's what they did and now
they're selling it at a premium
I don't know what she gave Marley one
okay clearly in the kitchen is that kind
of funny
good let's go get going
okay here you go see what a different
live show let's see if I can sneak it in
there let's go on the other side maybe
they won't see us yeah I can't really
see him they're all in there with him
I'm such a stinker just look the shoes
they're over there I'm so sneaky sneaky
hey guys Alex good a jerk
hey guys so we are doing a live show we
had a little bit problems with blogtv so
if you went there I apologize but that's
why you should be following us on
Twitter and our Facebook group but we
moved to Ustream and there's about I
think four thousand people here there's
yeah a little over four thousand people
I have to have like 15 little windows
open you see this to keep up with all
the chats but we just revealed the new
CTFxC to everyone ABS the assassins to
everyone and everyone is freaking out
look at this you guys love it I'm so
happy
you you like your creation and we're
gonna were you doing that the whole time
we are celebrating we are celebrating
with 4000 be a giant party and we're
gonna open up a thing of champagne but
what's gonna really funny is Ali always
gets really nervous when she opens up
champagne so watch this you can do it
I'm blocking the hold it your way up
look at her go get it so II good job
that's a favor part yeah so it's
official the shoes are out do you have
it did you get the cork back good job
hey everyone like I was saying after six
months of long waiting anticipating and
all the thousands of thousands of
submissions that you guys gave the CT
mxc shoe aka the assassins
are now a reality sorry didn't mean to
make it too dramatic just want to let
you guys know you can buy these shoes at
tweaked Footwear comm if you're lazy
like me I'll put a link in the video
description below you can click that o
in addition I made a video you can see
right on the screen about explaining all
the details and what went into it what
we did why we did it you can click right
here and check it out and see all the
crazy awesome ideas that you know came
together to make this shoe I can't say
it enough you're amazing I hope you guys
love this shoe and I hope you pick up a
pair and you know wear with pride CTFxC
for the wind you guys made this shoe
hope you guys love it
worth a psst
giddy with trippy
through it with trip in a hurry don't
forget to eat
