so yeah I'm just going to run through
some of the features and designs of the
assassins and I just kind of show it to
you guys and I'm really excited first
off we went with a low top we figured
that this would be the most practical
type of shoe there was some suggestions
for a high top but I feel the low top is
more Universal for males and females
younger and older people so that's why I
went with the low top and then another
thing you guys wanted a shoe that was
very light and very Airy so your feet
can breathe so these shoes are actually
made of canvas of a really high quality
canvas so they're very light and if you
can breathe and they're very we're
really comfortable actually there's
nothing going to poke you or stick you a
lot of you guys wanted the shoe that was
kind of even more casual but you also
wanted to shoot that was very sleek and
very slick the tops of the shoe they're
kind of like this frayed edge so it's
kinda like my cutoff shorts and stuff
and it gives you kind of a very
laid-back casual kind of look but at the
same time when you look at them it looks
really cool another really unique
suggestion one of you guys gave us you
know like plugs these black plugs right
here something suggest doing something
similar to this for the eye holes
instead of doing the entire shoe like
that it might be a little bit of problem
but putting two at the very top one on
either side kind of gave it more of a
unique look you know what I mean and
it's so subtle but you know without it
it would look totally different i really
like that on the sides we had like these
little pouches you don't necessarily
have to put anything in there but if you
want to you want to put a secret note or
something I don't know whatever you want
some diamonds however what makes these
CTFxC internet killed telogen shoes we
wanted something that would speak for
younger people and older people it
wouldn't be assured that was designed
for just a specific age group or gender
it's for everybody we decided to put
them in several different places first
off we have the tongue as you can see
it's a CTFxC and that's tweaked right
there and if you want you can actually
fold the front flap down and it reveals
a broken television that says internet
killed television so that's kind of cool
so you can you can do tongue flap down
you can have your tongue flap up its you
know whatever style you want then if you
turn a shoe around BAM it's kind of like
this 8 16 bit font CTFxC you write on
the back then to make it more of like a
CTFxC shoe
did these like caricatures of myself and
ali you see on the left foot and then
right here just get a better one on the
yellow one um you can see Zoey Marley so
I thought that was kind of cool and I
really like the way we're depicted I
think they're kind of a cool little
design something small but every time
you put your foot in the shoe you're
like yeah these are these statuses and
you can do this as you're saying these
assets lastly I want to show you my
favorite feature of all and actually one
of the most debated in the comments
section a lot of people wanted lace up
shoes right everyone wanted lace up
shoes but then there's this other group
of people that wanted more slip-on shoes
so what do we do you're right we merge
the ideas so if you're looking every
shoe you can see a strap here on both
sides and under the tongue so that way
if you want to lace up your shoes you
can lace them up and if you don't want
you can just slip slip your foot right
in there and you never have to tie your
shoe you just throw your laces in you
know tuck them in there and you're good
that's pretty much what I do because I
hate tying my shoes those are the CTFxC
assassins they're finally done they're
in my hand they're actually real this is
this is really mind-boggling to me
because not only did you guys demand for
tweak to make these shoes you guys gave
so many amazing suggestions and you made
a phenomenal shoe these came out of your
brain your brain cells you guys made
this happen before I could even consider
making a shoe I specifically told tweak
that before we did this that we would
have to agree that we would make the
shoe is affordable as possible and they
did a great job talking with the
manufacturer and I think we hit it I
think we made the shoe incredibly
awesome and affordable so yeah guys the
shoes are out now you can go get them
with shipping worldwide doesn't matter
what country are you can order the shoes
and we'll ship it to your door I'll put
the link down there in the video
description below so you can go pick up
your own pair of CTFxC assassins do you
want the tan and gum do you want the
black and purple or do you want both
we'll also have a link on the internet
killed TV store as well so that way
it'll take you there but links in the
description below go get a pair of guys
and we're
pride because this is your shoe you guys
did this you made this happen thank you
