I know one it's one of those days okay
this is probably so insignificant but
like you know like when you wake up and
you have to try to do something to your
hair probably more it's more so primed
for the ladies
you just have like one of those stupid
hair days where your hair just does not
cooperate well today I would have stupid
hair so you can make fun of it all day
that's cool let's go to the beach or
something you guys there's a lizard on
the hood of my car
he's been hitching a ride for like ten
minutes what's the inside scoop on the
bridesmaids that's right he's trying to
leak he's trying to leak the news
everybody else he's crazy you crazy ass
lizard get off my car yeah I like a dog
Simon she's in church we are busy
mommy's there yes Valencia but there's
also Blanton Community College in
general it is but I don't know we're
talking about now we are going to
sura√≠h on
okay you will see maybe I will reveal to
you the dresses maybe I won't and we
will see and the adventure begins are
you lost
I feel a little bit lost it's a little
bit crazy in here right now there are so
many dresses and they are in every
freaking matte color you could possibly
imagine in the world Hannah I think
that's a winner I think we're gonna all
wear GRS it's beautiful
wait hold on I got a ok turn around give
me the full it actually looks really
natural on you Jessie that's us show me
I don't know that is beautiful
now you see sister oh my god you look
really pretty good shake every day I
kind of learn see the black one it is
beautiful downtown Tampa hey that's
where they have filmed the punisher the
first one the one that really really
sucked with John Travolta I think that
building right there was actually in it
right there water looks really pretty
today
thanks guys so let's wrap guys let's
we'll have a little chitchat whoa
excited be fun yeah that's right so
today's been a little kind of annoying
I've been doing a lot of a lot of kind
of scenes of the CTFxC a lot of
paperwork and a lot of phone calls and I
just got really annoyed so I said screw
it
I just basically I turned my phone off
and we're just gonna go to the dog beach
the girls are doing as you guys that's
why you have to see me much the girls
are all doing the the bridesmaids
shopping over in Orlando and I was not
allowed to go I think it's because I
don't have a vagina so I was like you
know what I'll just go hang out with
these two bitches and we'll go to the
dog beach and that's pretty much how I
said it in my head I actually did want
to talk to you guys really quick I've
been getting one of the most requested
things for merch other than the shoe was
posters we really haven't had an
opportunity or the means or anything
like that to make posters
recently we were just approached and we
had this opportunity to where we could
actually make CTFxC posters and I wanted
to ask you guys if we use that like
splash screen that's the beginning image
on the CTFxC iPhone app basically this
one right here this one right here you
see it if we use that made a poster
maybe like I don't know one of those big
wall posters like 24 by 36 inches that's
pretty big right is that something that
you guys would want I thought it would
be kind of a fun design so we're all
open to other suggestions and things
like that so let me know in the comments
this is a poster something that you guys
want because if it's something that you
guys are demanding we'll make it for you
and now that we have the this
opportunity it's perfect you can have
this dog-faced on your on your wall for
of her okay are they dance of all you
look great oh my god oh boy can you dip
in them after an open bar that's the
question I think I beat out this dress
immediately it's pretty but the bottom
fabric is just too weird
oh right it's going to cling in the
booty everyone's gonna see your booties
you're walking on it I don't know if you
want that surprise we're shopping for
dotsub oh it's going to be a picture
okay it's gonna be picture now
surprise Hannah is also getting married
so lunch Massacre oh yeah what I think
you're the only person who I can see in
those and not laugh at you and Lady gaga
they're cool like helping you just
you're just I don't know you are you're
ridiculous what are you gonna go play
shuffleboard another story that's
exactly what it's like they are cataract
oh no
yeah awesome their practice
I think attack alright let's go swimming
Michael swimming I guess he's done with
dig into Australia she's gonna swim to
Australia instead she's been circling
over there oh look at her speeding up
good job Marv actually doesn't make my
sense it's usually the opposite it's
always usually in the water Marley's not
make friends I guess I'm not cool enough
anymore
perfect
well you're all about that sand are you
Wow
I'm not gonna cut this clip
yeah I don't even think I want to cut it
go come on
well never mind it looks like they found
something more interesting are you
laying in the water that's awesome
find a crab Marley find a crab oh I
forgot to tell you guys yesterday when I
was looking for all those little tiny
eight week old puppy videos of Zoe I
found one when I took her to the beach
actually this Beach for the very first
time so if you want to see that it's the
second week or first week I got her so
just click on Zoe and show instantly
micro-sized to eight weeks Joey is
actually the the photo at the end of the
video is my favorite all-time photo that
I've ever ever taken like ever taken so
if you want to check that out just click
right here on the video and you can go
hopefully it'll open up in another tab
for some reason the interactive videos
haven't been doing that I apologize
YouTube has been really goofy but make
the viewcount
subscription glitch and all that fun all
that fun stuff
the Internet's I think maybe everyone's
just like the Google is just having
problems well the Google invites
everyone just hammering the Google
servers so yeah if you want to check it
out just click right here and you can
you can go see micro Zoe and I'll keep
trying to find more videos because it's
kind of fun I like these like
interactive things I mean since you guys
demanded more yesterday I thought I'd
give you one more time I see you turn
beautiful your hair is gorgeous who's
like a mermaid turn around let's see you
shake your booty beautiful it looks
great give me a walk girl I'm so
laughing dead serious serious do it okay
go wait Rebecca okay walks first serious
face I've ever seen I didn't out work at
all what did you do it's a fashion
forward any backwards oh dang you look
great I think you should wear a
backwards the whole day okay so I think
we may have
maybe not so I married you right now oh
boy Oh guys I think I may have found my
wedding shoes
mother crab found a crab right there
sit right there Marley it's gonna get
your nose right there oh man I think
that's on them all lots of crabs
it's scary scary oh are those baby ooh
those are baby crabs getting tired
you done yep dig and then roll in it
that's awesome
it's pretty awesome turning off your
phone it's like really freeing it's not
like it would work here anyway every
time I come out here it's just like dead
signal
kudos AT&T good you guys there's this
dress right here just there's trash I'm
looking at trash right here this trash
guys it's there's trash right here just
those trash right here just right in
this area there's trash you've got Thank
You Marley thank you for keeping the
ocean clean the whole world thanks you
Marley
there's nothing first to arrive last
arrives how we roll right seagull that's
right
drink just like staring at me like what
you expect me to drink have a bowl
that's on the ground I'm Way better than
that
whoo it is hot I got everything all
dirty gross
that's the worst thing the worst thing
in the world is going to the beach
having an awesome day and then you know
like is that dude peeing
he's totally just peak over there beauty
of being a man you can just you can just
take your fire hose out anywhere just
pay and then you get in the car and then
you're all sweating you're sitting your
seat and then you get sand everywhere
make a Sun Tan Lotion everywhere and
this is so gross I'm just kidding
hey I decided to do a little detour
through that was the building that was
in Punisher I apologize to big circle
Tower 1 we have we have 5 skyscrapers in
Tampa we're really making it if you look
really quickly it's kind of like you're
in New York City kind of
oh look at those let me get close up she
would I was like I'm gonna ask if I can
buy these exact shoes so I don't have to
wait to get him and dad's like - lets go
take the couch I'm like yeah just no
it's good I like it it's very it's a
very nice material it's also got a
couple of stains that's it's literally
serious beautiful it's like the memories
that you want your living room forever
thank you guys are exhausting Oh
bathroom I was actually going to turn
this into a toilet if that's possible
this is what we're dealing with here
this is the color palette for the dress
that we've chosen was just reading
through a bunch of comments on
yesterday's video huh really really
dudes may be taking over Christina's
temporary bed anyway
no I was I was reading through the
comments and I asked I found this clip
okay this like probably it's got to be
my favorite clip of Zoey first off I
just want to dress this look at new
YouTube player
you guys like I like that it's nice and
sleek it's jet black it's cooler it's
cool that this is black what I was
saying was um there's this clip Zoey's
only ever one time one time in her the
entire dog life chased her tail and I
just so happened to get it on camera and
it's the funniest thing ever because she
just goes and circles and circles and
circles and is so confused and then
right after that she gets so pissed off
that she has no food she just starts
falling all it's like she's drunk and I
I if you want to see this click right
here just click on my face it's kind of
like an interactive video I just I had
to upload this I I'm sorry I just I love
doing these interactive videos because I
feel I'd let you kind of do the
choose-your-own-adventure and that's why
I'll put the link down there too but you
have to check this out because it's just
so adorable and so ridiculous how how
insane cuz it's she she's got this she
does the exact same stuff and it's
really funny watching watching these
clips I haven't seen these clips these
are like from 2006 you know for a long
time
you finding it I mean like these are
just like I'm just rediscovering I mean
I have all these hard drives guys it's
just ridiculous how much footage I have
of various things and it's really funny
like looking back at these clips I
haven't seen in you know four or five
years and seeing the exact same thing
you know like the tenancies it's it's
really funny so yeah yeah just click
click right here and it'll take you to
that video and then you can click right
back but you have to see it you just
gotta say it I just want to make sure
that you guys like these interactive
things I feel that it's it's good
because it's for the people who don't
want to see it they don't have to see it
but for the people that I really want to
see cute adorable things see it did you
pick up could you imagine this being
your closet like yes I'm very excited I
don't know I was going to show you the
dress but I don't know if that's the
dress it is beautiful it's not that
color though our Bridal consultants
definitely it was with thanks
now I don't know where we're going but
Jessie keeps saying it's not fancy it's
not fancy but we should go there it's
good
it's called sushi ology and that's
really hard for me to say shoo-shoo
shoo-shoo shoo-shoo shoo-shoo shoo-shoo
merci Madame
hahahahaha okay like all we're done
today is shopping names we have you in
three times since we've been in Orlando
like not even two days like in Orlando
we've got a very good variety yeah
absolutely
they're small metabolism going I feel
like this is really really good
I don't know if they're debating if they
made the right decision so we're getting
close to the Friday launch of the new
shoes I just want to show Christine them
you guys can't see him yet
like I did the light do you guys noticed
that I wanted to be like what was it uh
pulp fiction so this is what we're gonna
do guys I talked to the guys at tweek
and they were gonna have a go front you
know Friday sometime in the afternoon
and stuff I thought it'd be really fun
if we did like a like a launch party
like a blog TV launch party so on
midnight so we'll invite you on Thursday
that's probably the day you're watching
this at 11:30 p.m. we're gonna start the
live blog TV show so I'll be July 14th
so blog tv.com / people / Charles Trippy
and then once it hits midnight on for
Friday the 15th the shoes will be on
sale I thought it'd be kind of a fun way
we could have like a little mini party
come hang out I know it's late and I
apologize it's just I wanted to do it
the second it turned Friday so I thought
to become like a really fun thing to get
everyone involved and yeah I'm really
excited I'm really excited I think you
guys are gonna like it I love I love the
shoes they're so comfortable and I'm not
hyping that up I'm not hyping it up but
just because there are shoes I'm I'm
like I said earlier I'm
so proud that you guys designed this
this came from all you guys's giant
brains and it's cool like a
collaborative collaborative effort these
shoes took and I'm excited so get ready
live blog TV show 11:30 p.m. on the 14th
on Thursday and then 15th July 15th the
the CTFxC assassins go on sale so
excited I'm pumped yeah I missed our
little walk to the Edit editing station
where everything happens I hope you guys
had a great day looking for her like the
bridesmaid dresses and you know for the
manly men guys you know we were looking
at cute puppies all day so lemon that's
manly
if this video brought a smile to your
face don't forget to click thumbs up and
add up your favorites and all that all
that gobbledygook down there and what
should we have you guys say that in the
comments today just just say hey hey
Charles shut up I smiled because all I
want to see in the comments and I'll be
like good good I smiled - good night
guys
