look guys it's a baby dinosaur don't
freak out I'm not gonna hurt you it's
funny because like in northern United
States they don't have lizards so every
time somebody comes to Florida they
freak out but yeah baby
essentially a baby dinosaur oh whoa it's
a lizard fight holy crap I've never seen
that before
I guess this is what I would look like -
dinosaurs up there fight
we're fighting that was all
unintentional say gonna be look at
dinosaur oriented day without me even
knowing early-morning dance party good
news everyone
I'm getting my ear lasered off today I
have a cartilage issue in this ear from
a piercing that was infected a really
long time ago going to have it pretzel
lasered off
so I'm scared so that's how it's gonna
be in other good news my clips aren't in
slow motion today okay well another
dinosaur oriented thing a man riding a
dinosaur tail so are we gonna have a
problem like we did yesterday are you
gonna keep your seatbelt on this time so
we're gonna make a little road trip
today we're gonna do a little road trip
and we're gonna go to I don't know for
the people that used to watch the vlogs
since the beginning yeah it's turn
you're not wearing your seat belt
properly you have to wear this thing -
can't you just do the lap bar you do
everything otherwise you're gonna turn
geez well yet for the for the people
that have been one but yeah but for the
people that I've been watching our vlog
since the beginning we used to go to a
park up in Tampa almost daily oh I used
to go there all the time with the dogs
it was just like a place where we it was
a nice beautiful park it was kind of
like the one we had in Tallahassee but
in Tampa the park I'm talking about I
think you could see it in day two
specifically go back go look for CTFxC
day two and try to watch it I'm gonna
try to find all that like this turtle
hole in that day and all that stuff also
if you want just go pause this video go
watch a little bit of day two and just
see if my vlogging habits are similar or
have improved or gotten worse no I've
got a camera my camera's way there you
can see everything in this camera
another one like I could barely get like
this part of my face it
ridiculous you ready parley elegans only
weird Zoe does she back there I can tell
sure how's she doing there
every time I film like that don't worry
I'm not taking my eyes off like what I
do is I kind of do this and I Bank it
off my mirror so that way I'm not
turning my head and that's why I was
just panning to an empty scene Marley is
that your new house there's that fake
sky is fake again so real it's fake
okay now I can't remember how to get
there I think the last time we were here
was two years ago and we went on the
road trip then Ali went to Spain then I
went to Spain then we moved okay I think
I found it there's gonna be interesting
I want to see if the dogs freaked out
hello Park we meet together oh you can
can you in a kayak now see the little
thing right there that actually start
charging now to get in here I guess
that's cool you got to pay but I mean
the one to tell her she didn't hey girls
look it he gave you this Oh who's gonna
get it you can have this one sorry and
then Marley you can have this one I
guess two dollars for two dog treats
that's worth it and park entry not too
bad although I probably would have gone
broke if they were charging that much
when every single time when I was living
here no intoxicants no water blues no
water guns signpost okay well are you
looking at that squirrel always like let
me get school all right okay all right
well now she scared every squirrel in
this park okay
stop and I'm gonna go get my ear legs
enough now so I'm gonna see if they'll
let me film it I might not be able to if
I get in the way so I'm gonna ask her
and see if there's any way I can film
inside the room so Whoopi actually you
know what I have a bunch of old clips
that were you know from when we weren't
vlogging when I see something especially
when Zoey was little I used to take Zoey
here when she was like really really
tiny I don't think I've ever shared this
footage or some of this footage so when
I see stuff that reminds me of the
footage I have I'll point to it I'll
tell you to click it just click it and
then you can watch it but some of it I
mean this is like Zoey at like 8 weeks
old so super tiny like Marley's like
head tiny so that'll be kind of fun
today let's see here what do what brings
back memories memory that kind of does
suck though is that when I used to take
Marley here like all the footage from
when I had Marley when I first got
Marley that was on a hard drive and it
wasn't backed up so that's why
everyone's been asking like I don't have
baby photos except those couple of
Marley or baby videos like I have Zoey
hard drive crash that's why it's always
important that's why I always stress to
you guys backup your hard drives because
I mean it sucks it bums me out every
time I go and I'm like oh I remember
that bench when Marla used to like try
to jump up and get falling you know like
I had it on camera
not anymore the data monsters a did you
see that guy back there it's right there
to my over my shoulder he was walking
here every single day went out two years
ago he's still doing it brothers having
a standoff kind of cool like revisiting
things not only because you know I had a
lot of you know I've spent a lot of time
here but you know like a lot of you guys
spent at the beginning of the vlogs you
know what I mean like you're like oh I
remember that like for example I come
over here over here do you guys remember
that those early vlogs to actually to
get a sense this could be actually fun
to take a second right now in the
comments and tell me if you remember
what day like the day number or the date
or whatever are the title of the video
that you started watching CTFxC internet
killed television like for example me I
started on day one or do you remember
like being on that tree recording on
that tree putting Marley and Zoey on it
yeah this is actually the field
I have footage of this one don't worry
hi this is the field I took Zoey
I think the second second day because
the first day was the day I took her and
she what did the Zoey versus mirror but
this is the the second day so click
right here on this field and you could
see me playing with Zoey when she was 8
weeks old and I had really really stupid
hair so you can go click it and view my
stupid hair so just click right here on
this barren field male viewers you can
click it too don't you don't have to be
manly especially if you're sitting next
to a girl right now you're gonna get
major major points so just click right
here click click click that's pretty
cute trust me mom is this Godsmack my
mom just said it this Ouiser you can
figure it out from this song you're not
allowed to listen to music ever I don't
know
it's just a me a twirl down my car right
now forgot how much Marly likes this
part cuz there's so many effing
squirrels don't worry if you don't
because now you have that memory and
you're sharing it with us
look at freaking beetles oh wait that's
a wasp Zoe you're not supposed to eat
the wasp let's go ahh this is the part
of day 2 I was talking about with the
turtle hole and the giant turtle this is
actually film stuff let's see if the
turtle hole is still there it's two
years old it wouldn't still be there
would it
I mean turtles live like gazillion years
old well oh look at that I take it back
there it is two years later that is
funny
ok this is gonna be the first of the
internet oh wait we gotta stop both ways
oh man this is totally different this
used to be like full of sand the same
day I took her to the field I there used
to be a slide that well basically were
that stairwell is there used to be a
slide and I put Zoe on and she slid down
and got a face full of sand
but yeah it's a it's totally different
so yeah click right here and watch it's
a really quick clip of Zoe eating it
pretty much just like a face full of
sand it's really adorable it's actually
one of my favorite clips of her and I
actually think I filmed it this way so
it's a total fail on my this was before
my vlogging experience so just click
right here and check it out never before
seen Zoe footage does it smell the same
wonder if you guys actually can smell
the difference smells like poop okay
let's take a look at my new improved ear
ball so this is where they frack slowly
isn't it on the front and on the back
what happened was I had a piercing a
really long time ago they got infected I
think I explained this because I don't
want it there for my wedding it's pretty
obvious the giant purple spot I hope it
gets taken care of and I go back and for
weeks and have it done again it was such
a weird feeling it was really really
intense heat for like really short
periods of time it felt like I was
sticking my ear into a fire for like 0.3
seconds it looks like it's already
improving the color so that's good news
and I survived it wasn't as bad as I
thought
have a nice day smile I don't know what
that lady expected people to do like
there's a lot of traffic and you know
there's no way to save like you can't
just cut out in front of somebody just
because she wanted to go somewhere fast
doesn't mean we all like risk our lives
you know what I mean like road rage is
just so unnecessary people just need to
take a deep breath and calm the out
that's what you got to do guys so if
somebody's being rude just say have a
nice day or have a better day in the
smile it'll piss them off even more I
promise on a nice happy fun note I
recorded on the trippy Channel a clip I
think in like 40 seconds of Marley like
really heavily panting but she's doing
it like it perfect she's doing it a
perfect like rhythm and a perfect beat
okay check it out this is a little
snippet of it so yeah the full clip is
on the youtube.com slash stripping
you're looking at see you're wearing
your seat belt see you're wearing your
seat belt and you're not falling but the
full version of that video is on the
YouTube back home so skimpy Channel I
was thinking that if anyone can do like
a really fun remix of that I would
upload it to the youtube.com slash
trippy channel and Link it back to your
channel so that way maybe get some more
subscribers or stuff so I'll put the
link or you can click it right here and
go check that out and see if anyone can
remix it dubstep Marley with a little
beat I don't know if it's possible we'll
see that one actually looks like a
dinosaur here's like a Ridgeback and
stuff ladies and gentlemen it's gym time
girly number one burly number two girly
and everything girly
show everybody your shirt transformers
Robots in Disguise yeah yeah I think I
was ready and I mention that I'm on
prednisone it's a steroid and it makes
me really spastic tomorrow we are going
dress shopping yeah I'm sure you guys
know that Christine's my bridesmaid
along with four other beautiful ladies
and tomorrow we're going to be going to
Orlando and trying on some fun so
dresses we're gonna show you guys all of
that these girls will not be going
although they are in the wedding right
Zoey welcome back to Zoey wait so he's a
little bit busy now
Zoey you can I'm just gonna go get
Marley you had a relaxed dog she's just
super excited gonna switch it up today
I'm gonna end it right here so I can
watch some TV for a change God last
night I was up to like 6 o'clock I think
I went to bed at 6:00 today was pretty
sweet cuz it was like it was a trip down
memory lane I really haven't been there
in two years and there was some place
that I all through college that was
where I did a lot of homework and just
relax and stuff like that and it was
really cool to go visit it and show you
guys those two clips of Zoey when she
was really really tiny because I don't
think I've ever published those before
and if you're on like a like a phone or
an iPod or something and you can't click
on the screen I'll put everything in the
video description below so you can click
down there and you can go check them out
as well I'm doing this a lot with my
hands I'm hyper I'm really hyper I'm
like Ali I'm not on nothing any like
antibiotics or anything I'm just hyper
I'm naturally hyper well that and if you
were following me on Google+ you saw
that I was eating nothing but gummy
bears for the past 24 hours it's a date
night Charles was a poophead and wanted
to stay home I've worked out enough I
freaking earned it me too
yeah yeah that look how dark it is me
see I guess so I'm gonna get the same
thing I got every single time the menu
is literally a book so really anything
you want my
in there oh I almost forgot we also
uploaded what possibly could be the last
episode I don't know what I'm doing last
episode of drunk gaming Justin and Wyatt
are actually gonna be moving to New York
City
yeah like August 1st or 2nd so obviously
it's gonna be a lot harder to film these
episodes so we're gonna go on indefinite
hiatus for that series so we uploaded
the final episode today on youtube.com
slash Ali and it features doc dev who
doesn't play a lot of video games so it
was really kind of funny cuz they were
playing Mario Party 8 or some Mario
Party something for the week they look
on all their faces they're just like
this as they're trying to play so it's
just like really awkward like and I
thought it was really funny I was
editing house I was cracking up so you
can click right here go check out
episode 10 and go show at least some
love over there so I feel like giving
you guys a lot of videos today I hope
you're not overwhelmed but I just wanted
to make sure to give you guys a lot of
entertainment because I know when I make
short videos you're like we want more
videos so we have interactive videos we
have a remix video and then we have the
drunk gaming video so there's a lot of
videos so hopefully you were thoroughly
entertained today
thumbs up if you were entertained and
tell me the comments dear Charles sir I
am thoroughly entertained I'll read that
in the comments and I'll be like oh look
at that they were entertained I did my
job and I will smile my smile on these
Sam
okay I need to really calm down I'm
freaking myself out I'll see you guys
tomorrow
Ally's bridesmaid shopping it's gonna be
interesting
see you later
