oh my god biggest hill in the world I
was filming all this morning with my
camera on slow motion so all of my clips
were me like and no audio no because I
had the camera set on slow mo for last
night we were filming Marley and going
after the helicopter and I never
switched it back because I'm an idiot
and go workout and I'm so excited that I
did I feel great feel awesome guys and
then I just sent all of the shirts on
their merry way yeah that's about it
that was my morning in regular motion
since the slo-mo Clips we're deleting
because I look like a moron hey are you
my little editing partner
you stole my lumbar pillow what's wrong
oh is it raining again okay oh I'm sorry
don't freak out too much okay you stay
in the bathroom see where Marley went
hey you hold that down okay Marley
doesn't even care she's by the window
Zoey it's okay so I'm driving behind a
school bus right now and I was looking
to see if the cool kids were hanging out
in the back of the bus do you guys do
that like I don't know what that was I
think it was just so we could like wrap
our favorite songs within sing our
favorite songs and bad words and I'm in
the bus driver wouldn't hear us I think
that was why we sat in the back I
remember a distinctly very fun thing
whenever we went on a field trip when we
were like on the interstate we would
always like do here I've got I've got
this camera hand on the steering wheel
don't worry I'm not driving with no
hands and we always to go like this
whenever a trucker would drive by if you
like I've talked about those logs
but I just every time I see a school bus
I just laugh and think of how silly we
were doing that but we got him to honk
every time and it was so fun I love it
scare the crap out of the bus driver so
funny and getting kind of big for this
Zoey you want to get it for me well if
you can do what you're trying to do
okay you're both freaking out now poor
dog oh it's raining
are you surprised I'm in Sarasota right
now I'm going to a dermatological
illogical derma medico appointment I'm
just going to get my skin checked out by
a doctor I had a couple of things on my
body like I don't know if you guys have
ever noticed look again I'm holding
holding with the steering wheel here
this thing in my ear right here was a
piercing that was infective and I just
never got fixed I never like I don't
know if it's blood I don't know what it
is but there's something in my ear so
I'm getting at that shaken taken care of
I've never been to a dermatologist and
everybody always like oh my god Florida
you Gripen in the Sun your whole life
and all just actually I don't know I
just gave everybody a redneck accent
that's not what they sound like gonna go
and hopefully it'll be okay I'm a little
terrified I don't know what she's gonna
poke or prod me with so often I went to
think nose Lake appointment it was
terrible he stuck a tube down my throat
forgot my nose having my mom send a
tweet out for me right now because I
just remembered that it's free slurpie
eight seven eleven oh my god cuz it's
seven eleven today get it oh my so it's
free slurpie day and my mom I'm asking
her just to write out free slurpie day
and it's taking her like ten minutes
already I thought I use my phone how do
i do an ice ax summation point did it
oh my god yeah so I'm not sure if you
notice how much of a sugar high Ally is
on right now it's July wait was it July
wait about what day is July 11 7 11 so
like every year I think I think it's
been every year they always give away
free Slurpees so she's been obviously
you guys already know she's been
drinking she keeps going to 7-eleven to
7-eleven to 7-eleven so she's on this
like crazy sugar high but we're gonna go
and I feel like because I have a lot of
anything to do I have a phone call but
they can wait for a second
figure I'll go get some sugar okay now I
got to turn you off into hello I am
afraid of the doctor I don't like going
here what are you pointing to its
trashcan trashcan free slurpie that you
you know what I will thank you I will a
hundred times I'm probably gonna have so
many of these by the time the day is
over I'm gonna be spastic beginnig I
know it's a major choice it's not
alienate I'm going for this way you
can't have the same one that I'm having
here
oh you can't no it's your own you have a
free surface sorry about that look we
switched yes so that was a pretty cool
call something really fun is gonna be
happening we're gonna be a part of and
I'm actually really really excited about
one of those things I can't tell you now
I apologize guys I know that's really
annoying when people are like I'm part
of this super secret society and we're
not allowed to talk about it yet but
you'll know soon I apologize you fell
down guys that's what happens when you
don't wear your seat belt you need to
start wearing your seat belt that's
irresponsible
look at that wearing it irresponsible no
but actually it's really cool that we're
gonna be a part of it and I'll explain
I'll explain it
also the CTFxC shoes go on sale Friday
so how's that for give-and-take I kissed
you a little bit now I gave you awesome
information CTFxC shoes on sale this
Friday you know what we're calling them
the CTFxC assassins you know why have
you ever seen that episode of The
Simpsons where Ned gets those new pairs
that gets that new pair of shoes and
Homer gets really jealous yeah and plus
internet killed television and just it
just fit and you know where Simpsons
buffs or at least I am alleys of
Futurama Bob it's okay
you know she likes her saying certain
things I like my certain things she
likes lots and lots of mayonnaise and I
don't oh yeah mark your calendars see
Jenna see guys put your frickin seat
belts on this is embarrassing geez I
can't take you guys anywhere are you
really happy
cheers everybody else all over the world
who doesn't have free slurpie day you
should be very jealous that's true
look at the nice man in 11-7 gave us
Loki I liked his horns and I missed the
memo it is apparently shirt that
shirtless dude shirtless redneck day
underwater oh my god whoa what smells
did your sandwich my sandwich people
keep walking into 7-eleven and saying
like oh you were right to their kids
everybody thinks that their little kid
is lying when they say it's free Slurpee
day wow that was kind of a cluster F
right there there's so many people
trying to get Slurpees right now wait
dad I also felt really bad cuz everyone
was just going in and just taking
Slurpees
they go get some tea - I felt bad I was
like nobody's buying anything they're
just taking Slurpees and running it's
called alien Aid I put it on backwards
cut that out tastes like blue let me ask
you guys I'm really getting sick of the
seat belt there so let me ask you guys a
very important question Slurpies icees
or slush puppies which is the best no
this is a serious question take you know
what I'm done I'm done talking you guys
now I have to eat because of my medicine
I have to get some food and we're out
now so it wouldn't gotta get since we
got okay so we're trying yeah you don't
know what I'm saying it's fine
we're Chinese fire drill with our free
Slurpee zone there cheers then as we run
by go yeah okay fine I'm gonna go the
other way then and I'm gonna cheers me
on this side mom stop it what am I
supposed to do crunchy
open the refrigerator open the Refresh
consuming No oh my god you're ridiculous
you're a sugar high are you hungry
how many Slurpees did you have except
they all have bikes and I have a car so
home already cooler I'll rule you I will
do the third third smoothie smoothie no
third Slurpee of the day I'm excited
you have banana alwah the worst gary is
the best banana is the worst okay weird
story the alien flavor is pink here not
blue so why is that okay you're not
answering me anyway
that really isn't a very natural color
is it uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh
I'm a psycho behind the wheel I
shouldn't be driving on so much Larrabee
juice where's the straw the Train
you do not want to get yellow all over
my car oh and it's a Domo Cup she was
supposed to stop giving out free
Slurpees after a certain amount of time
after she Rihanna cops right so she said
but she ran out of cups and she's so
nice that she's letting everybody use
coffee cups cuz she's the bomb the
washing machine out like that get the
washing machine
get it Zoey it's it's dangerous this is
so weird
I have just been pollinated Marley the
robot is obviously cleaned you don't
need to make it a mess here robot robot
oh look at it it's cleaning good robot
we're gonna have to go back we're gonna
go but first we're gonna go to visit
Hannah at her place of work
can I interest you in a lobster canids
your favorite day of the year this is
the billionth Slurpee that we've had
today already have this one I've already
had see this one's blue yeah okay now
it's blue again it was pink at the other
one first going all over Florida to get
the free Slurpee I think I'm gonna go
with oh my god it all looks good
the moon is out there intent
tinder go away what I'm not gonna take
them
why are you think about to take them
from here smells delicious yeah what is
this over here
okay smell that Tori so is this your
invention
what is it noisy I'm broken oh that's
yours this is actually the talking the
talking flatbread Ali had the other day
do you remember that she decided to make
it so it's it's 11:00 p.m. right now and
we're just now setting up to shoot our
new video I was writing out all the uh
she's doing all the put points I'm
sitting up all the lights I like how
it's like 11:30 most people are winding
down or like no let's shoot a video
what's your skin it'll be more fun that
way oh my god
okay we were just discussing his root
beer has 75 grams of sugar right how
much does a surge have do you guys
remember that like surge and people had
all the hubbub about like like sugar and
caffeine and stuff like that that seems
like way more than whatever surge ever
had right I'm ready for my close-up mr.
Ville you've never heard that
so who attacked just said that I'm ready
for my close-up mr. mr. deville it's
like some old yeah no no I just said
mister cuz if I said mister you better
go - dude ghen xoe she's been playing
with that stuffing in Marla she's been
passed out my frog he wants it closed up
sorry I apologize were waking we're
waking the little beast yeah see what
Marley's doing
she's just licking her mouth I gave her
a cookie which was a bad idea to do when
you're filming cuz now we had to stop
because she keeps making noises this is
the door so you won't stop doing my stop
I think she's doing it just to piss us
off this is like looking at us and just
go ahead so it is what time is it
two o'clock in the morning and we're
almost done we have like one or two
shots I know look at look at the mess we
just complete every time we shoot and
the dogs they're just like though I'm
just gonna go to bed she's gonna I'm
just gonna read I'm just gonna read some
right now yeah hopefully this video will
be out I'm hoping in a about a week or
so it's a really it's a really special
project and we were actually really you
know really honored to be a part of this
one so this is actually a really cool
one should be on Ali's channel I believe
in a couple weeks
a couple of maybe a week I don't even
know I'm just talking I have no idea
okay I'm trying to clean up as we're
doing this finer Pig spider pig does the
thing that a spider pig does see you
guys I'm slowly slowly converting her
this is the worst part about filming you
have to turn the air conditioning off
and if you're living in Florida 80
degrees and a tiny little apartment oh
just like that down when Ali was I mean
75 we're gonna put on 35 you're being
filmed what you wear the same clothes
it's another vlog exception and you
could see me as I'm recording you record
your scene you're being we could see
yourself recording my brain just
exploded did every one of your brains
just explode oh and you're picking your
nose
that is way too many paradoxes
traditional walk to the Italian part of
my house get it oh man it is 3:30 Oh
3:30 and I have to stay up and head it
and edit the vlog and I was starting
editing the skit right now so I have
dual computer action well did you guys
did you guys have a fun day did you guys
get some free sugar a sugar high where
Hyper's alley okay so she has like a
sinus infection right now that's why she
had to go to the doctor they give her
some like
biotic steroids or something like that
which makes her hyper on top of all the
sugar
she had that and coffee I used to be
like that when I was younger and that's
why I drink after drink likes like
espresso and things like that to get
like that because just because I had so
much fun as little it okay I'm rambling
because I had some coffee uh uh I'm
gonna go to bed
well actually I am lying I'm gonna go
edit you're gonna go to bed that's what
you're gonna do and I will see you
tomorrow have a good day
don't don't forget to thumbs up and you
know leave a comment saying the secret
phrase which is pickles forever there we
go
pickles forever
it's hardly wait
yes
giddy with child trippy
really
