oh it is recording Oh
I'm on my way to the gym is Jim Jim
necessarily with funny story the other
day I went to get some food after I
worked out we were still in our gym
clothes and I ordered like a cookie
she's like did you just work out she's
like you look like you just worked out
and you want a cookie hell yes I wanna
go give me the damn cookie
my god party destroyed so dad go don't
crash it is not gonna happen you're so
good at you're doing like little ground
taps Marley's her head is exploding
right now
we're gonna die now we're so that look
like block those back alley looking for
blockbuster cuz we're trying to do trunk
Amy I just want to play Mario by hey
airstream this does that is not a
blockbuster is gonna be moving to New
York so it's gonna be on like a
temporary hold until we see each other
but she had to go she to go drive I
don't know where she had to go drive we
can't wait for the bus and here my face
bring you guys and you're gonna ride
into we're gonna go ride together cuz
you're gonna be on my head yeah this
could be riding on my hand that's not
fun actually see ya basically Busta
Rhymes vision give the Internet let
there be light
oops open the wrong
close the light how do I open this one
come on mr. motorbike is it weird being
on my head like this guys like you seen
I haven't make it dramatic
okay now you guys are crotch cam
the guys like go beyond you're right
there it is on my life I can't make a
u-turn here Venice is horrible
Oh
is this some sort of internet paradox
where you can see yourself and you can
see what I'm seeing this law exception
blog ception Oh brakes no brakes no
brakes no brakes
stupid mailboxes stupid hey rabbit what
are you doing hi guys I didn't kill
myself Oh Marley though he's thoroughly
enjoying this light show there's nothing
on the wall she has been staring at the
television so I let the dogs out right
and then I went to the bathroom when I
came back and Marley was on her raft
she's chillin on the raft a little patch
is still there Big Bird's balls you know
you want to stay ok get you on the other
side chillin oh I forgot to show you
this is Justin's camera and you thought
I was bad so this is what you guys kind
of look like on the inside all those
computer parts
honey wake up
great boats are dropping on my head I'm
living hmm Jeff go boom
today we're on Venus or on Venus
actually the moon is really creepy we're
going to pick up some sustenance for
drunk gaming this is probably not the
ideal food ever
okay oh my god you are so nice you
wouldn't do that in here I have to hold
Marly yeah it's weird odds the stores
are pretzel you know this is the revived
gentlemanly way yeah what are you doing
kitchen right there all right time for
our traditional walk to bed oh look
Weaver it's a big beaver uh technically
bigoted I gotta get my my chair a couple
things before I go to bed I just wanted
to say that the I'm like pillow my
pillow actually one of you guys made
this I actually use it for my lumbar
section I just wanted to let you guys
know everyone who tried to enter for the
Drobo contest I put the winner along
with like the top ten on the YouTube by
comp size tribute channel so you can
click a annotation down there or link
will be in the video description below
sorry I'm a little bit tired also I've
been hearing that the Google+ have been
open a lot more like a lot of people are
being able to make accounts and things
like that actually up until like
yesterday Ali didn't even have an
account if you want if you have a
Google+ and you want to add a Liam
myself I'm thinking that we should make
some sort of CTFxC circle once we all
get on there so if you aren't on there
and there's something in the comments
list that can give you invites CTFxC
let's get everybody over on Google+
before it gets invaded by it that way we
can be like yeah I was on Google+ before
it was open to the public and we could
do one of those kind of things
Aly and i's google+ links are right
there should be at the top but i just
want to say good night guys i just
wanted to recap those couple things and
i'll see you tomorrow
duck
worse yet sexy
giddy with child tripping
we don't forget to eat
