hey so guess what today is guys any
guesses
today is day eight hundred eight hundred
days of vlogging every single day
without missing one day eight hundred
does that deserve a thumbs up thumbs up
for day eight hundred Wow that's insane
day eight hundred I can't even count to
a hundred without getting bored
welcome back like that intro it's pretty
sweet all those people concerned about
me yesterday and all the germs of the
parasites I'm fine I'm okay I just
figured you know you know I fell I fell
in the puddle and then you know I was
like alright I'm already kind of crappy
so when in Rome right just win in Rome
just have fun
just look for every puddle just dive in
it was it was pretty funny my back still
kind of sucks I woke up this morning and
this is what I was doing I rolled out of
bed and then I went like this and I was
like what's wrong with you like I don't
think I could stand straight neck sweat
pop and then I felt better I think what
it is is just like when life gives you
lemons it's kind of like one of those
things that you just you just gotta you
just big lemonade you know what I mean
like it's just over you saw it back and
you say nice try enough pacing around
the apartment let's do something it's
dance
and stay in fusion we look so good let
me see oh yeah
flatbread man Marley
and now the musical stylings of Marley
trippy hey so in other YouTube news I
wanted to talk about a new channel that
good friends of mine
out back Zach and keep the heat started
and I just want to see how long I can do
this how many how many you guys counting
how many times I've gone around make
sure to count anyway it's basically a
new cartoon series on YouTube where they
tell your mama jokes like your mama's so
fat the Earth orbits you I see I can't
do it they're good at it though
but I just wanted to show you the
channel it's youtube.com slash you go
mama
and I I can almost whoa I gotta stop oh
whoa I really can't do that that sucks
so if you guys want to go check it out
it says youtube.com slash yo mama and
you can see they're actually pretty cool
animations I do I do and just appreciate
the animations because there's not very
many animated channels on YouTube
there's maybe maybe a handful that I can
actually think of so if you wanna check
it out I'll put the link in the sub bar
go check it out Tom CTFxC for the wind
and yeah good luck Alex and Zack let's
go wake up ally with the helicopter
she's taking a nap
wait she's not in here Marty would she
go would she go
dude it dude it dude it dude it dude it
rebound that sounded bad robot you're
destroying it is there reflecting off
your thing oh sorry
are those Zoe prints yep they're as she
makes the motherhood her mouth was open
so that's her nose that's her mouth
let's go hurry up she's happy
check out that landing right above the
TV it's not fake I just totally did I
just couldn't record it at the same time
your face is fake up right where is
Marly
where is it
but she's not like jabbing now she's
just like biting really slowly I landed
the helicopter and Marley's having a
standoff no spray do it like you're
picking your nose how long they have to
be there minutes bored what what you
saying wipe me down
smells like books in here we're gonna
take we're gonna take some photos baby
all right
I think it takes video too but if we
just made out in y'all oh my god we
could totally do it no one would know
transaction complete with experience now
you can play those up and down buttons
use them to highlight a photo style then
press the ok button to continue
I can't it's like anything color it is
the category of different graphics it's
all broken up and down buttons again to
highlight a category does it work
hey bus wait oh yeah okay we figured it
out now you'll select a category
actually about company abundance you
might like go I wanna Rob doesn't use
traffic like is that dirty tell me
something
I think I think I might be lost away for
this will begin automatically before
your picture is dition are you ready no
it's not working maybe this is what it's
supposed to do supposed to make us feel
lucky
to one Oh is the video there I'm gonna
cut to the video down use the up and
down buttons to move the camera and set
yourself on the screen panel down will
begin automatically before your picture
is taken
are you ready oh it's not working maybe
this is what it's supposed to be it's
supposed to make us feel like
five seconds three
one
you can't move it at all three but this
was kind of a fail this is a bit of a
fail worked here the photos
nice internet which is your favorite 1 2
3 or 4
let us know in the comments wow that's
like the most fun I've ever seen we
should go find it look that it goes all
the way from across the sky does it does
it go across the sky Ali
this single rainbow sky freaking out are
you having a moment it's really good
going on where are they going oh this
probably got damaged so they're trying
to they're evacuating it is fascinating
just to watch how ants work let's follow
this guy see where he goes it's that big
one you gonna be famous on the Internet
ant I'm gonna call you Aunt Jemima
that's your name what's up mark
see if you can lift it over your head
we're gonna transplant it that looks
good
okay I'm not helping you I'm watching
you struggle look at that sweet looks
good
dropping a tree on me jerk
blasted hole the rats didn't scare so
hey we're still going back our black
tomato yeah sauces where she is anyone's
room men's room we just discovered a new
flavor of taco
Marley taco Marley taco she looks like
she's having a boss Marley do you don't
have to walk anywhere
she has like no reason to walk okay
here's your chair no it's a Marley
burrito come in already guys time to go
to bed and I thought I was playing
around with this program that lets me do
fake 1000 frames per second and I
figured okay there is a trial version so
there might be a little flickering of
red X's on it so I figured you know this
is how we're gonna go out tonight I'm
gonna show you yesterday me diving
headfirst at a thousand a thousand
frames per second yeah it's kind of
interesting it's kind of like I'm like
well you know look when you watch it it
looks like I'm an Animorph like I'm
gonna turn into some sort of like eagle
and fly away I thought it'd be a fun way
to end it I will see you guys tomorrow
good night and just grab okay Zoey has
spots to us and I had grown back all
right guys I'll see you tomorrow good
night
we wait
merci psst
with Joe Trippi
with Deanna we don't forget so anymore
