another rainy day another rainy day so
that means Marley you know what that
means okay you guys know how spoiled
these dogs are Marley literally will not
will not go out go to bathroom she won't
step on the grass unless she's wearing
this this this is not being being like a
crazy dog person I will literally have
to drag her pick her up and put it in
the grass if she's not wearing that in
it's raining so I guess okay
I gotta stop talking I'm gonna take them
out very impatient now do you mean
business so at least you don't have to
wear one of those I'm so glad B so much
yellow I was your very first boom but
it's fun was it fun yeah I felt a little
stupid
so does okay but I wanna any of you who
have done Zumba did you or did you not
feel dumb on your very first day it's
like a thing you can't not feel stupid
because you don't know what you're doing
is because of ballet I'm used to
counting to eight yeah if you do a lot
of counting to six but I'm like wait
where are the other two counts so yeah I
was I just want to show you the toy that
I got here are the instructions put it
together then clip it on your belt like
a badass yeah use the force and show me
the chute ah if you can snap the one up
to be like the Jurassic okay that's an
awesome look at the inside it says 100%
poly as Polly azer pel√°ez er it's super
unique another the tree it's cool Wow
see I wasn't kidding guys storm is
insane just buckled the entire tree that
sucks I was probably not the best place
to be right now soaking wet oh no it's
this was such a bad idea and I'm wearing
shoes that are way too small for my feet
I hope you guys weren't too mad at me
yesterday for for teasing you with the
shoe the reason why I'm just so anxious
to show it to you I just wasn't allowed
to legally show it to you until
everything's like taken care of but I
promise you I'll probably even put it on
the the tripi channel the second I'm
allowed but I do promise you will see it
first and I am sorry forgive me how
about if I do a sad face
she loves bags look at her face
oh now she's now she's going after my
camera my cord weird right
animals and clothes just it's so wrong
but it's so hilarious at the same time
Oh mark what's this it's your whole dig
dig Zoe tell that water to get out of
your hole sup Zoe I think they're having
fun
oh that could be so disgusting is that
why you were digging that hole the whole
time Oh Marley booby-trap still
recording I just ruined this camp oh man
oh I want to think really hard about
believing that clip right I gotta go
throw this off
see it's some numbing I'm getting it my
nose
he's gonna put this little right here no
I believe that's what's going in her no
this nasal numbing junk has basically
trickled down the nerve endings that's
what you told me so now like my my nose
is numb the inside of my nose like my
nasal canal and everything and then now
my lips and my teeth are numb I don't
know if you guys have ever had that
feeling but having your front teeth like
feel numb it feels like my teeth aren't
there when I run my towel over them
they're there but when I'm talking
that's why I'm talking like an idiot
because I can't feel my teeth oh yeah no
you know what I'll keep it I'll keep my
embarrassments right there so I guess
that's a lesson why you shouldn't let
your dog dig I gotta get like worms yeah
stupid poll you can see where I just
tripped you know what screw it I'm
already dirty I'm just gonna face a lot
more oh I gotta clean that off there can
you see better
the best part is Marley wouldn't have
anything to do with it who says rainy
days at the Sun
see guys would like to do some lemonade
you make dysentery okay Deborah shout oh
come on I think you guys knew this was
coming look at you look at your face
so that was fun though wasn't it I
actually I don't remember the last time
this is stupid
there's I don't remember the last time I
just played in the mud like that I had
to have been like Riley 521 years later
I'm still doing it
okay let's go get cleaned up so due to
nasal sprays and each nose on the way
down for two minutes
start the clock mom
start the clock but I'm just gonna see
how long it takes you to figure it out
dammit you already going
look there's the body is really stupid
there's a bun here but there's a buttons
that you think would turn it on turn it
on well that's all I'm saying like you
think will be a switch but it's just
camouflage part of the grip that's the
button no God so he's gonna love that
oh boy oh boy
he's like wait he likes it but it
doesn't shine we've done this to all of
our animals today just as it was given
the dogs the baths Ali came home and I
thought to myself now that we have
another person we should go back and get
some slow-motion shots what do you say
you do you do boom boom what she doesn't
know is that I'm going to push her in I
love that's a huge mushroom breath okay
I'm getting a creepy feeling now that
I'm getting a creepy feeling now oh wow
oh my gosh I wanna go hang out down
there with all the snakes and Gators
what are you doing what is it what it
wasn't supposed to do normally legs dead
now delicious-looking
what it's like dried out when you push
it it like a puff of green smoke it's
like a fart
where's a little avatar dude coming out
are you doing now are you building a
bridge
this is lay log
streams actually kind of fast
you're like a beaver tree
you're disgusting
yeah
I like all the mugs going off it's like
you pooped your pants no get away
no never
right not the smartest thing I've ever
done but I mean that came out of an
accident so just go with it right right
I really can't get the zero right oh I
don't know
do not try this at home never are you
excited are you overwhelmed by all of
them
I'm trying milk chocolate this is my
favorite flavor this is the one I want
oh you can't have that Oh
tastes luscious women how do you do it
think fast I'm sure you moved into frame
now believe it or not guys this is the
first time I've ever had like frozen
yogurt weird fruit poop excuse me Sarah
there's a worm in there wait am I the
only one that did fruit in mine go in
worms are high in protein like what are
you trying to find so exciting this one
doesn't even show they're basically
waiting for Wyatt to fly in Tampa maybe
it was how many hours it's midnight so
loud I just lent the lay down in the bed
and I was like ah why is my back hurts
so bad really basically it feels like
Wolverine and then saber-tooth both just
like and then baraka
just get all of them all at the same
time to scratch my back but yeah Lee is
there anything on my back and our eyes
were just like oh my god you can see
where Bravo yeah yeah what did you
follow in I don't remember ah trying to
get down a drone go to bed don't leave
me hanging in front of the Internet
wait
worth maybe a touch
giddy with y'all trippy and alley
with trippy
