hey good morning Internet oh wait what's
that oh it's a new CTFxC shoes Oh
finally we get to see him I can show you
okay on the count of three ready you
ready for this one - yeah I know it's
exciting three I know they were that
amazing weren't they
it was so it was so amazing the intro
just came and blocked the picture okay
here's the thing I have the shoes the
CTFxC shoes aren't here I'm looking at
them now you can't see if I'm looking at
them the reason why I can't show it to
you because the website isn't up on
tweak yet it will be probably next week
but let me just say I'm looking at both
of them they come in two different
colors and I'm really really happy with
the design we wanted to do something
really simple with the shoe and so that
way we can keep the price point really
low I'm really proud of you guys you did
a fantastic job
give it up my ideas and examples and
mock-ups and all that fun stuff but I
just wanted to say we do have them they
are done they are done we were just
waiting for the website to go up and up
don't worry I will let you know I have
new shoes now I can wait I can wear my I
get new shoes now the way the holes even
though I probably will just wanted to
tease you just wanted to look right
there right there oh right there oh look
black screen black screen up there see -
quick do quick for it stopped raining
Florida I could stop Zoe just uh follow
your face I like oh that's like perfect
she could just like rest her head right
there been raining all day we're gonna
go get the I was gonna try to go get the
helicopter remote-control helicopter
today but I think I should just wait
because it's it's miserable outside dogs
keep going into the bathtub except you
you just sit there oh boy probably not
gonna be
I think we may have had a little bit too
much fun but I'm gonna try to go to the
gym today it's gonna be a little bit
difficult the hell are you doing are you
seriously doing that right now on my
couch I didn't want to wear some play
moves punch you
why get off my couch what Oh get out of
the bed with the watermelon Zoey you're
not you're encouraging this and that is
not okay she's like ho no creepy she
doesn't want it she's a bit of it oh boy
oh boy oh here comes Marly yeah she
liked it hey Allie I'm Justin Bieber and
I love you isn't that weird hi Internet
I'm Justin Bieber now I don't know I'm
officially creeped out I'm officially
creeped out look at this they got
opposite ears right now he's always
right ears up and Marley's left ears up
right here left ear ooh as you can tell
July equals rain in Florida so he's
always been freaking out going into the
bathtub I don't know how she remember
that one day Marly went behind all the
shirts in the closet
Zoey apparently knows how to do it now
so I'm gonna try to find that thing that
you guys were talking about like a
jacket and I guess it helps with anxiety
with dogs like for like lightning and
thunder and loud noises loud noises so
I'm gonna try to find that since perfect
time I mean it's
disgusting out I know the math is wrong
but for some reason I feel like it knows
something that I don't know math fail
well it appears they don't have it oh
well who's the Greek god of rain not
beside it that's the ocean right I
always feel so unproductive and just
like mopey and Wow it's nice but I you
know I I don't think I have to do like
there's a bunch of things I have to get
taken care of you guys have to get you
what I'm not turning she would totally
open that to see good barley oh but
she's on it he's on it right now
you're one fat frog where you going mr.
frog what are you doing dude you dare
see you later
you think there's something in there for
you there is I think Marley found it too
well this is weird so as I think a lot
of you guys know there's a new beta
version of the channel page right
everything's actually for YouTube I just
wanted to show it to you okay this is
what it looks like this is Ali's channel
it's completely revamped and I guess if
you click here that's where the video
would play right it takes you to it and
then check out the video page so yeah
this would be the new video page so that
all the comments are down here and then
I guess there's a video descriptions
right here right yeah this is a video
description and then I mean it's kind of
cool I kind of liked the video I see
okay
to be honest I like the whole video page
don't you like this when you go see a
video and you can go through all the
other videos but the thing I don't like
so much is a way how I even get back is
this where I go back okay
I don't I don't know if I like the
channel page I think it just it looks a
lot like Hulu doesn't it
how's that feel I don't know it's
definitely a beta version but I just
wanted to show to you guys to see what
you guys thought oh here's all the other
videos oh the one thing I did see okay
look at this that's still playing up
there even though I'm on a different
page isn't it that's kind of cool I like
that you just gonna click it then say oh
I want to go over to the channel oh
right and then it just keeps watching
and keeps playing than that that's cool
I do like that feature that's a cool
little feature I know every time YouTube
changes anything the internet just has
that uproar I remember the last time
they changed the channel page remember
that everyone was like oh my god now I
can't actually was thinking about I
could not remember what it looked like
prior to that major change this one's
probably the biggest change I've seen in
YouTube and a long long time it's
definitely gonna get take on some you
know getting used to I don't know it
could be pretty cool what do you guys
think so I just wanted to show it to you
and get guys thoughts I do like to
resume playing up there and the video
page show page could get some work done
but I don't know what are you what is
what do you think
fickle internet what do you think what
are you in dog face do you notice how
Zoey's been progressively bringing in
all her toys in here I know daddy spends
a lot of time on this computer chair huh
alright remember yesterday we were
playing that game and I was trying to
get Ally
all right this is that Apes game and
when we're at the Planet of the Apes
this is really tough actually honey
alright flying through it
oh that was pretty good six first trying
six that was fewer those two no I
touched it and kept going it didn't
count it likes some BS eighth I've
created a monster she won't stop now if
you're on Google+ make sure to add me to
the circle or add me as a friend or to
be completely honest I have no idea how
really I'm still working on the whole
Google+ thing but I'll put my link right
there at the top is at the top of the
video description so if you have a
Google+ account make sure to add me to
your circle
or friends list or cult or gang or
whatever it is so here's my Google+
account right here so this is what you
can add if you have one they don't have
like a vanity URL anything but it's kind
of cool I kind of like it oh there's
Marly and then it's kind of like it's
like Facebook but a more streamlined
it's like if Facebook and Twitter had a
baby and it became fainter or twit
booked
I kind of liked it I think it's gonna
grow and I'm having to be completely
honest if you put Skynet behind
something it's gonna it's probably gonna
do pretty well so yeah I just want to
let you guys know if you have a Google+
account if you want to add me that'd be
cool we can start being circle friends
there's so many jokes about that I don't
even want to start Google+ yea or nay
what do you guys think so far
it's the other guard a waiter
worse yet sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
with your theory don't forget so anymore
