good morning guys what a weird thing to
just have in an abandoned window
literally it's not even the storage is
Michael Jackson just taped not just set
up there but specifically taped up there
oh just as the turn a corner is this
sisters unite and mama unites all the
same food
I'm the outlier my muscle on me like
Prada sucks
every salad plate opportunities are
small time I just thought was funny how
pretty I thought the same thing I don't
know if you guys remember I think this
was about a year to Kathy about a year
because I wanted to do this walk around
tour this place called Geneva on the
lake it's like an amusement thing in
Ohio hijack my face my photos hi doctor
Hey hi Jackie
let me show you le one stop driving on
this brick road oh my god
just a half I think I showed you guys
this a long time ago the ticket booth
thing or a claw machine that has tickets
and it has my face all over it so if you
go to Geneva on the lake please take a
photo with this thing mimicking the
exact same photo oh that's a what
so that's a fair doing I think that was
a thumbnail back in the day I remember
those logical here and mommy always said
no more like to run out it's the only
way we're going to be able to play smart
that's a wholly traumatic give it
oh we went to the met the other day yeah
I'm going to talk to the camera like
you're gonna run around Marley
so you apply hit the wall right here
that's your second my
yeah you jumped on everything anyway
what was gonna say is that I took my
leak to the vet and go into the bag she
was right oh and the vet said that she
has abnormally healthy blood and like
she was abnormally healthy so a Zoey but
like I just thought it was so funny
his Marley's always eating poop and
stuff and the vet literally said maybe
there's something to that like obviously
joking but I thought I was here I got a
funny for sure thought my early was
gonna have some sort of parasite yeah
right on the clothes get off the clothes
I'm trying to kind of I don't want to be
saying like I want to be a minimalist
what I want to try to limit some things
so I'm going through and donating much
look at this so far that gap is
beautiful for me trying to do what so
you just tried to dab but I just wanted
to show you as this I was going through
I have every t-shirt that we've ever
made
it was the most ugly this is back in the
day where this was the style so you can
find it does anyone actually own the
shirt anymore is that bright are you
reading a party you look cool O'Brien I
get rid of that shirt I like that shirt
I know it's definitely dirty now in Utah
I've always wondered why we had this
mysterious dog care specifically white
hair on my clothes good job D get that
off dude I got to clean that and put it
back in my closet holy crap this is
actually I think the first shirt I ever
made wait for this you know what this
from it was a I think was a spoof of
Miller Chris Crocker leave Britney Alone
I think I did it to it I think was the
most embarrassing video I ever had I
can't believe I made this into a shirt I
can't believe a lot of guys bought this
shirt this would be more embarrassing I
have not seen anyone wear in a long time
but if I ever I see silly wear this I
will probably cringe and laugh at the
same time this is part of 2007 this
shirt I think is my oldest shirt like
honestly how did I get away with some of
these shirts it's time for a quickie
with Charles Trippy
but in her videos of mine but I got a
sleeve this was I don't know but it was
like this was my second shirt I have
every one of the shirts that were ever
made for the CTFxC and I'm kind of like
except my like collected just because I
think it's kind of kind of a cool thing
here's one of the my favorite ones by
the chu animal guys
the CTFxC dragon I always loved that one
and the very first squiggle shirt
although I don't think this ever went
into production I think this is the one
yeah I think this is a one-of-a-kind
right there
oh my stripped back
you want to see the best-selling shirt
of all time of the CTFxC and the one
that raised over like I think $80,000
this is like one of the most important
shirts I think we've ever made like
sixty to eighty thousand dollars
by the sale of use in the wrist bands
that we were able to donate to brain
cancer research I couldn't believe it
like you guys blew my mind on this shirt
this was this is a cool shirt
or is a cool shirt if you still have it
can't believe only shirts for you this
is like crazy I think I might be showing
half of them there's all of them right
there I know this fire doesn't mean
anything to you but look how clean it's
looking all about cleanliness lately has
always been actually enjoying the office
now that she can move around apparently
she took over this room and then Marley
toes up she's been going upstairs in the
game room so everyone's got a room weird
guess what I'm gonna barbecue horses I'm
able to do some desperate I know it's
pretty amazing isn't it the only thing
is I was going sighs I mean what do some
cool these are all tour passes ah path
shows you Chinese that's tomorrow worked
are you any where's the work for one
somewhere somehow what so cool man
there's work for I got to the dirty ones
cool that's really cool you were able to
find that okay boy well anyways that's
amazing
you're amazing today's amazing we're
gonna have like a cookout at Melissa's
house and since she has been so gracious
to be watching the dog collar gone I'm
like you know I'm just going to go ahead
and
everything makes sure that she will have
to really worry about anything except
for supplying the grill that's going to
cook the case so that's the only thing
she has to do but everything else we
have handles and I think that this
weekend it's going to be all about
hanging out with family taking in
hopefully beautiful weather we're going
to be seeing some friends tomorrow at
work tour which will be awesome so just
like that we'll be over there so I'm
going to do it now and then when it
happens we're going to be at the
barbecue okay
31 - wait look at the mattress oh look
at Ali look you can kill me my nephew so
arm I'm so good with you mag so
graciously brought two gifts for the
young gentleman you guys we have to do
back over eating what are you yes these
designer houses I need bring the bottle
up front yeah I'm gonna do the cheese
bread with the ring hey mondo chicken
eggs how are you yeah I want to July I
miss you humming did I ever really I was
before hasn't worked well this is all
okay
I know who opens it Meg why should
because you're forced to drink it I
didn't love you I wouldn't do this to
you my name is Charles Trippy and I just
got iced my name is Charles and my
website we did it I'm now like
that's fine so this entire thing is not
even 6% alcohol hey listen I present
whopping 534 on those of you know take a
look both of them yeah hey Ron sales
people just drink as much as you can
gentlemen don't don't look at me angry
oh oh I'm sorry princess can't drink all
this fuck you're crying
he brought this to me you think a big
money sonship or Ice Cube make a
decision up game over now game over
I like it's just one up - it just lays
down I see your stitch and I just lay
down bent
buddy jump down my nose no Ally just got
punched in the nose by bighead Oh Finley
there's an accident he actually jumped
up to try and kiss me
but he's got such a big head come on cut
a little bit of us a little bit of blood
he knows my god I hope I don't have a
black eye or if I do it'll be robot
how'd you get that my sister-in-law's
dog one-two-three catch oh there we go
yeah there we go
one hot can I trust and gun he's build
me a bed frame that you can't go you're
going down
you're ordering why he's like where's
all my water this is a dummy
you're funny dummy I guess they put this
ball decorative lose it
hey-oh York horn I love this thing this
is a me lamb Frederick Frederick
what about Ulysses you love Mingo I love
that meg always say this not BG she's
like smash ah there we go
got it what do you mean that didn't work
that's totally worked
hi we're five wait that didn't work
you're saying that works that never will
always work hi buddy maybe you're
falling asleep or I'm falling asleep
Wow probably gonna be me my pal two
three
that's okay
how do you make your focus well y'all
couldn't pick us up we had to take an
uber cut me well guys we just got back
for the uber um so I'm going to go to
bed hope yes I know Marv alright guys
we'll see you tomorrow actually if
you're going to work toward the mall in
st. Petersburg
we'll probably see you there anyway have
a great night and have a wonderful
morning and if we don't see you have a
great afternoon
hi guys
