I hope you were found yeah
we have the strangest dog in the world
look what I just did I just reskin my
trippy Channel yeah if you guys didn't
know yesterday I posted a you can win
one of the Drobo things it sounded real
didn't it I just like moved my leg on
the chair but yeah what do you guys
think is this very techie very Charles
techie very nerdy I don't know I thought
it was another gadget news the iPad 2
has been jailbroken think I've been try
to get see if it works
look look really that it that was quick
who are you user hacker developer I'm a
user hacker developer we have liftoff oh
whoops
I wanted to follow this is the game I
like to play now it's called King Kong
doctor versus Ally if you land that
thing on my head I'm gonna be so angry
oh no this is the worst part is they're
gonna take off before Marley's oh I get
it
good idea do it in Super Stock my shiny
new leggings
oh it's gym time and we're crazy I don't
know what we're doing it as a way too
early I don't know why I even awake
right now
so when I got into this whole gym
business Rachel started me out of like
you know 6:30 5:30 p.m. and we just keep
getting earlier and earlier than it was
11:00 and then it was 10:30 and now it's
9:00 I shouldn't complain though all
these other people are up doing their
daily grind super early so at least I
get to go do something fun like scuba
jaysus you're blocking traffic come on
left oh they're so cute I love sandhill
cranes they're awesome
fun fact they mate for life bark
ruff ruff
yes ruff woof bark
angry angry and blurry rough rawr
hello well good she's spending all they
went in here so this place just open we
have so many flavors this is my favorite
so far which one's your favorite the red
velvet aren't so good everything is so
good these places are the devil thank
you guys
there's mush what'd you get what'd you
end up getting the red velvet in the
coconut cake batter right cookie dough
let me see there okay I think now it's
not healthy anymore just put all this on
it's alright it's a low calorie right
good yeah small amount this tiny bit
look at that
they have a little doggie ball so that
all your furry friends can come and
enjoy some ice cream too okay try it and
tell me how it is
oh I'm dripping
yeah just shit more shirts I feel like
every day now my routine is basically
gym and then shirts and that's but in
time with the poochie's we were supposed
to go down to Sarasota for Jeb's
birthday I don't know if we're gonna go
now because she's not feeling well
so we'll see also I'm not driving with
only one hand I'm not even moving don't
try this at home kids you're wondering
what the deal is with my Squidward
finger I've burned the crap out of
myself on a sparkler how lame is that it
couldn't even be something cool like a
roman candle or a bottle rocket no it
was a sparkler I deserve the Darwin
Award for that
don't try to light fireworks inside of
mailboxes it usually always ends badly
are you leaving yeah Ali gets to go have
another girls night you know what I'm
gonna get the boys yeah I'm gonna get
the boys together we're gonna go smoke
cigars and go to strip clubs and and do
man stuff that's what we're gonna do
what would be the cliche man man's night
out the girl goes out what is it sounds
boring screw man's night out what's this
how let's have a bitches night out get
it cuz the female dog is also the what
is that the Sun why is it female dog
called a bitch Internet help me out I've
always wondered that well that's the
thing is like cuz I remember being a kid
and then I would say something like that
damn that damn something and they're big
no mom it's okay cuz a damn I was saying
like I was saying like a dam like
stopping water and then it I'd be like I
then I would say something about using
the word bitch and then she like Charles
and I'd be like no I'm just talking
about Alex was my my dog when I was
growing up who looked like Zoe and I
would do like no I'm talking about you
know Alex cuz she's a bitch she's a
female dog that's alright I was such a
smartie I was such a smartass as a kid
that's like donkey yeah exactly I used
that one too
did you show me a blister yet II that's
a dingus a sparkler I was trying to be
cool
yes it became not cool instantaneously
what you burned yourself us but these
guys are sharing oh just as I say that
well since Ali went down to go dot I've
started listening to the new with the
King CD congratulations guys city's
awesome she's gone I thought it'd be the
perfect time to go to the hobby shop
and perhaps find him okay so I want to
get I'm getting really addicted because
member when I first had a little one I'm
getting addicted again to the helicopter
thing I feel like I can handle I feel
like I'm getting pretty good what I was
trying to get at was I was out here to
say now oh so
let's go oh man look at this you see
that guy holding the balloon
para que me Mallory boy la practica el
espa√±ol Amazon de we see me down there
and I love this song do you see anything
Jimmy do you see any hobby places
behold the money giver no they have a
lot of planes I know I crashed my
airplane I forgot that well I found the
perfect helicopter it's actually one
that could not go indoors and outdoors
but I didn't get it I felt guilty and
want Ali to check it out first but we'll
probably BEC tomorrow or something that
would be so cool I think that's the
difference between males and females is
that guys just never grow up they always
just like like toys and gadgets and
females are the responsible ones just
out of curiosity do you think I'm
allowed to go that way what is this
it's a tiny loaf of bread weight in tiny
bagels
am i growing so we're getting some fun
that that's what I was which totally
takes me back to the once now I can see
hello hello can you see me staring
everyone in America and I go to a
Spanish restaurant I always say it in
the accent like no the real accent but I
ordered it and I was like oh can I have
the foil finish and I was like can I
have the boyo so this is dashes table so
she get a flash for me there we go
that's its tableside champagne service
because it's her birthday we loved her
and the lady it's been so nice
I was joking with it was like you should
aim the cork at someone and hit them in
the face she's like I'll do that next
time I forgot this time where did you
drink when you were little when I was
watching Star Trek hey just as sad did
you drink that entire glass of wine and
you said no and then they go oh my god
the baby and then mine or does that mean
it means I had all the wine inside of
there press my cheeks to make it all
come out and all the air came out making
a burrito with a EE no good bad idea so
I have to show you guys this it's a cool
little game okay so I totally love it
when companies and movies and things
like that totally nail it you know like
they totally mail all the advertising
when we were out there for the rise of
the Planet of the Apes they showed us
this video of this ape basically pay
it's kind of like Simon remember that
game Simon were like beep boop beep boop
beep boop boop they did something
similar with apes but with numbers like
consecutive numbers I'd be like 1 2 3 4
like all over and then you had to hit it
the funniest thing about it and they
showed the video and we're at there I
couldn't record out unfortunately but it
was really cool I think I'll try to look
it up but if I can find it I'll put in
the video description so check it out
the funniest thing about it they tested
college students and then Apes and the
college students pretty much failed and
the Apes were just like boom boom boom I
just hit myself in the face
hairless was sure yeah ok
let's open it up okay that's the monkey
see how he's doing it
they got facias I was doing the ape
version just because you know I'm not
gonna do easy it's like when you play a
video game you don't go beginner or
intermediate you go hard they hit a one
two one two three what that's hard I
don't know how I did that I know you're
not gonna believe it but my highest on
the 8 factor was 9 I will never get that
score again ever again so quick so yeah
see if you can beat 9 and yeah it's for
all the AI devices it's free for is but
if you don't have an iPod iPhone iPad
there's a web version of it so you can
still play it you don't have to have an
Apple iPhone 4 buy Apple or anything
stupid like that see if you can beat 9
on the ape setting dope don't go too
easy and then say Oh Charles I got 54
you're such an idiot
I got a totally test ally when she gets
back we're in the red light district
seviche wait ok I can't open the window
I was joyfully gonna power 2 over the
window oh here we go it's well-lit and
it's a bathroom maybe I shouldn't film
in here I'm trying to film everything
but I don't know if I can really film
all of this from here it's so pretty
do you know what just happened out of
know it's a secret for the Internet
I always tell them well we're almost air
so to tower once there's others out the
only skyscraper basically in Sarasota
and it's merde
and it's marriage and when the fireworks
go off you can see him in the building
Statue of those two people kissing like
that sailor photo don't look up her
skirt you perv I heard that people
wanted it like taken away because it
wasn't art they thought it was hokey so
if I work here I'm for the joy and they
were set up right behind it the statue
it was perfect hey leave that and he's
gone don't worry and for those of you
who missed why why he's right there how
is your life going so far you got a new
place
yeah we're listening to wrinkled and
glazed yes yes like this
yeah okay so I made it back to my
parents house safely had a friend bring
me home yeah I just wanted just say good
night to you guys this is probably gonna
be uploaded
hopefully in tomorrow's video but I have
to spit I have to say that I here to be
safe Charles might not get the footage
but we'll see I hope he does
oh and I just want to say that I had a
goal to film 30 clips today and guess
what
let's click number 30 okay see you
tomorrow
cool no T no reasons I just wanted to
let you know today's last day you can
enter to win one of those drill Bo
robotics and look at cook it's like
presses right it's awesome it is little
bub Barker crap right here yeah you can
click right here otherwise there's
little game room feel like it's just
like yesterday I totally lost it halfway
alright guys I'll see you tomorrow
good night
we wait
were say psst
which all trippy
withwith trippy
so anymore
