good morning it's time for nose hair
trim
I should've just done this while you're
sleeping you're perfectly groomed and
ready and he's back asleep I think today
is gonna be let's piss Charles off day
you're a jerk you've been joked I got a
package I got a package
I got a pen you just ruined one does
shake proof they're sending to me it's
gotta be brain food
so I saw this on a website for awesome
deals on the internet and don't judge me
because Ally's dad bought two helicopter
wait I can't oh there we go that's good
not one not two but three blades so now
it won't crash it into the wall of it
how you well that's actually really
nice-looking hey bald spot where you
slept on it looks really good okay he
spent eight hours doing that Haley this
was delivered on the second it's the bit
so was sitting my post office box
I'm tired had in my opposed office ball
I could been playing with it for three
or four days that's what they said we
should wish you wish you wish your sugar
shoulders my roflcopter goes whoosh
whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh
whoosh whoosh whoosh no ok you know what
this one's new and I want to fly this in
the house for a change
so please make friends with it now Zoe
make friends with it goes whoosh whoosh
whoosh whoosh whoosh
oh this is gonna be your friend it's
gonna land on you and you guys are gonna
be friends right off the bat look at the
difference awesome so awesome all right
mr. roflcopter do you guys remember when
I bought this I bought it I think at the
seven eight nine New York City gathering
remember at Brookstone and then we what
video it was called roflcopter in the
Charles tree I'll put a link down there
that's when this thing made its debut
and there's actually several several
videos of media harassing Ally with it
my favorite one ever was the one where I
tried to land on Ally's head and I got
stuck and it was blinking and it was all
stuck in her hand she's like yelling I
really believe you did that
and this is blinking as she's actually
turn the fan off
oh so what is the back one down those
board and backward see exactly what vein
watch it watch it oh I don't do it oh
you know what you're doing oh it's under
the fan that's why you can do it go
little man go pick your butt up he's
dead oh you died so tomorrow it is
actually dot Tubbs twenty-second first
she's been backpacking across Europe
with Hannah for the past few weeks
so I decided to put together a mini like
makeover spa kit because she had to stay
in hostels some some of the evenings
sometimes I think you guys should all go
wish her happy birthday on Twitter are
you guys gonna get a lot are you trying
to find it aren't you like where is that
helicopter I'm going to eat it oh by the
way I just got an email and we have
several new t-shirt designs the mic did
I just whistle as I said t-shirt t-shirt
I'll let you guys know should we see a
couple of designs in next couple days
but you guys were asking for new designs
and that's coming out as well as the
shoe I have a meeting on the phone of a
phone meeting tomorrow with the guys
from tweek about the shoe and then what
else is oh the package I'm gonna I'm
gonna do something cool with that one
how do I turn how can a family icon turn
it off so I can apply what that's not it
wait is it even this I lived here they
still don't know how to turn the fan on
that it that's it yeah in crazy news in
the state of Florida the Casey Anthony
that's the light again the Casey Anthony
trial they just announced the verdict
and she's not guilty a first-degree
murder of her daughter to be completely
honest I haven't been following enough
of the trial I really you know to a give
an opinion III don't know all the facts
I haven't been watching I haven't been
reading about it just a little bits of
it but I haven't been really following
too much so I don't really have I can't
give a fair and unbiased opinion it's
very very very upsetting very sad that a
little girl you know is dead and you
know they don't know who did it they
will I mean they don't have the proof of
who did it and things like that it's
kind of messed up so I just wanted to
give this kind of a this time for you
guys to her like frustrated or angry or
just confused to just like use the
comment sections as vent and just give
it off your chest
on how you feel because you know the
CTFxC or a community or the front or the
family core not the friend Corningware
the family
or we don't judge everyone you know just
be polite of everyone's opinions and um
you know it sucks whether or not she did
it or not fact remains a little kid you
know no justice was served for the
little girl ya know I felt like I should
address it because it was a big case
especially in the state of Florida a lot
of people have opinions about it so you
can vent I allow you to vent all right
time to helpin up this other package Oh
fine see claw welcome to the world of
Drobo oh this is that thing I was
telling you guys about this is the the
Drobo the thing that the reason why I
bought those internal hard drives is
basically it's a internal hard drive I
can casing needed to get this a lot of
you guys suggested this actually for
backing up my all my HD footage whoo
that's fancy
so yeah I'll probably put a whole review
on the youtube.com stars trip you
channel my opinions and how easy it is
and what it does and things like that so
all you tech nerds here's the cool thing
the guys that drove us said we can give
one away for free so if you want to win
a Drobo it's basically a data robot
essentially make sure you're subscribed
to YouTube becomes less trippy and I'll
put a link at the end of this video
saying hey go check out the review and
how to win if you want to win a Drobo I
think these are like 500 to 800 dollar
value so why not should try save money
on like external hard drives all right
well so yeah I'll do like a review on it
and tell you guys what my thoughts are
and showing how to set it up and things
like that so I'm gonna do that now I
want to film that now Ally's running
errands I'm bored I'm gonna do this are
you hiding are you both hiding cysts
under she's gonna go in the bathtub
again Zoe
what are you doing I guess that's the
safest place Oh elegant Marley well here
you guys can hide now okay nobody will
find you you guys are put back see I'm a
nice person I got you a real surprise oh
thank you you don't have a favourite
Sonia
thank you thank you
yeah fireworks oh nice Bam Bam Bam Bam
Bam here's my little gift basket hey I
really hope she likes it I love presents
I love giving presents I should say
giving more important than receiving
what I don't know
help us Internet we can't access the
Internet she keeps going in there I keep
pulling her out go go go don't go don't
go I hate waiting for the microwave go
go go oh what the matrix is on TV it's
like my birthday times a hundred
thousand billion anyway there's a fork
do you guys remember the fork in the
garbage disposal thing there's always
every time I pull this fork out I'm like
mad that there's some kind of weird chip
thing going on and then I remember why
it's like that so I just saw something
kind of cool I was a perusing I was
perusing through the CD section of the
of the of the local tarjay yes I still
look at CDs I noticed something on one
of the CDs it said am I kidding it said
as seen on YouTube and I was like
thinking of myself I was like wow that's
that's really cool for two reasons one
we are getting the recognition YouTube
the people on YouTube you guys you right
there sitting there and all these other
YouTube creators are getting the
recognition they're getting their own CD
they're getting their movie deal they're
getting their television show and I got
the thinking I was like wow you know
like how far have we gone I remember
trying to explain explain to another
company explained to my neigh-neigh
explain to my boss what I was doing on
the Internet everywhere I was the
projection is where I was doing up there
making all the videos and they didn't
get it they were in the film industry
and they still didn't get it
we're phasing out the hole I've seen on
TV thing as soon as gonna be like
there's me and I as seen on YouTube
store and you know it's kind of cool the
reason why I'm talking about this or I
should say ranting or babbling about
this we're that generation is that
that's gonna see that you know you're
your parents or even maybe you
your grandparents when TV first started
transitioning into the mainstream and
they talked to you about it and you
don't get it I remember my parents
telling me they didn't have a TV at one
point I was like what you didn't have a
TV losers we're that generation that's
seeing the transition you know like
everyone rejecting the internet and
YouTube people and now everyone's like
embracing it I want the Internet to be
proud you're gonna you know what's gonna
happen you're gonna be those old people
telling your grandchildren about this
transition and they'll be like what
what's the internet you mean those
things that they embed in your brain and
you see pictures all by yourself I don't
know what this thought was kind of
interesting hello there DCP FX series as
promised I did a review on the dribble
benefic robotics time yeah as promised
we're gonna be giving away one of these
to a lucky CTFxC couldn't be you click
right here watch the review I explained
how to win it good luck and joy is free
you should totally do it
why not what do you have to lose oh yeah
you're too good for us nerdy folk huh oh
yeah oh I can't do that too long
the other guard waiter
worthy yet sexy
with y'all trippin
with charity
