hey good morning so I decided to kill
two birds with one sound uploading the
vlog and exercising
who said I couldn't multitask should I
put some weights on this what did you do
with my fireworks or did you do with
them I say where did where'd you put
them shut up what did you do with them
just hiding that's part of the exact
same place you always been things oh
yeah yeah you hit him real well screw
we're gonna go down to Sarasota to
celebrate 4th of July with our families
it's gonna be like the first time we
gotta actually got to do that she like
jumped on the back of my leg back of my
knee just doctors back yeah we're gonna
we're gonna travel down to Sarasota
we're gonna get lots of fireworks and
we're gonna blow sheet up I'm gonna I
think I might do this to my sister when
she comes so don't don't tell her oh
this will be posted after so we fail
okay please succeed gotcha Melissa what
do you want to blow up remember I think
this was a 2009 aunt had a Michael Vick
dog to chew toy that the company sent us
and we strapped a whole bunch of
fireworks on it
that's and then we let Zoey and Marley
like eat it so that's what you get for
dog fighting Oh baby yeah it was blow
the Barbie that'd be fine what else we
both know it's very important that you
blow up the proper things yeah I have
the GoPro the the 7d and this camera
make everything into GoPro I'll blow up
a GoPro no skinny I'm thinking of all
the angles already and we haven't even
bought in one firework I'm speaking do
you think really quickly I'm not
speaking properly today Zoey doesn't
like fourth of July the only firework
she likes are the little army tanks that
move and then yeah just like chases them
oh we gotta get some waterproof
fireworks now the floor is a weird
it's water
let's go I promise I won't drive away
that's in park see ya the much more
original when I prank you alright now
it's on park see his umbrella just got
your hat
oh dude get inside I'm taking you guys
with me you get the umbrella you little
punk that's so American you got a big
boobed girl on a motorcycle this is what
they all say
shooting flaming buff she's sexy cuz
he's a butt tattoo see what is oh and
his team america fuck yeah how do they
do this like copyright stuff that's a
hundred I would rather just light a
hundred thirty dollars on fire and then
like explode that we don't need a half a
break would probably get up
I think it's buy one get one free it's
kind of a lot maybe we get some sky do
be sweet
I think we got we got to get a little
army tank or there's more tanks over
here Johnson crackling boss thank you so
so many innuendos here whoa recording
graphics from a video game for the n64
do you know it is exactly the graphics
from an n64 game how did I get away with
that where the lame puny sparklers we
need some sparklers
those are huge we don't need that was
gonna be on one we're gonna be in the
1980s we got to make sure all our
fireworks don't get soaking wet oh wow
okay don't slip you know we couldn't
blow up that crazy-ass Furby never we
found last year these are all Polly
Pockets these okay I have to show you
guys these are the slides you find what
the hell zoo fighter things are it's
called the viewfinders seal oh you still
love this is this what we have to look
forward to with our kids like really
creepy kid toys these were such choking
hazards I wonder how many people are
kids like eight this stuff look how tiny
these are it's like the size of my
finger there's just like little pill
forms I think we're set guys what do you
think we got you a new dog what's it
doing to the bone it it it
pretty weird 25 26 years old he didn't
want it
so the he doesn't want you to turn it
off so you got my attention
feel bad for your pants yet the most
annoying toys ever Wow some list is on
her way and we're just gonna tell her to
come in and this time we're gonna like
layer like four or five of them so it's
gonna be an epic prank this time epic
yes and wait
lame you're not supposed to look
directly into the flame I would say that
would be like a Darwin Award so I'm
starting to remember why we didn't
launch all these last year so it's a
climatic it's just up to our imagination
a fear if you're a young kid get your
parents supervision
we have alleys even though we're older
we still have to have parent supervision
you're attaching the dinosaur I'm going
to send a dinosaur in to say how much
tape do we need on it but it has to fall
back down that has hit something in the
head no be right
oh boy holy maybe you shouldn't have
lived that over our neighbor's house did
you seriously find that so this is my
question where it goes yeah for dinosaur
where do you go yeah you can't find a
dinosaur the last one was a little too
puny Zoey does not like that in here
a passion booth oh don't kill my mouth
it's gonna be a spaceman it's gonna be a
spaceman gonna put him right here on the
rocket that is really pretty I think
it's a lost cause dump you breath
fogging up the glass you guys are a
bunch of hooligans alright so we watch
that movie Tangled the other day and it
had one of these I guess they're like
sky lanterns what are they all sky
lanterns and it's basically a hot-air
balloon
looks like we're burning an American
flag I promise you guys we're not is it
actually working make sure it's balanced
with it when it feels like it's pulling
away anarchy in the UK
see you later blue oh no wait it looks
like it's gonna catch on fire I know
it's lame yeah 100% biodegradable flame
retardant and it's uh is it like 300
feet they're calling for hope they're
calling home for the princess
okay I don't know but I can't wait to
try to catch it can you even see it
anymore I came to see it alright there
it is
it's on its way down so if we can catch
it I think it's right there I'm gonna
get it hopefully it doesn't land on that
person's house the flames out don't
worry he's coming down oh well it's in
this person's yard being lazy you got
your little motorcycle are you kidding
me it went into the yard with the only
fence in the entire place found it
alright well we just gave him an
American flag I guess it's not on fire
so we just want to make sure it wasn't
on fire still so if you were the family
that got our our sky lantern hi sorry
about that
work in the way while explosion goes off
behind you walking away not gonna look
at it gonna act all cool and walk-in
away even though there's a flame Bobby
walk it away slowly
oh it looks so much better at night sky
lanterns fail alright CTFxC let us know
if you find this that one's gone and
it's cool-looking no flag
some family a little bit
so I decided to make my own tank check
it all three of them everything in your
pocket 1 2 3 go
Oh did it work CTFxC I think it worked
an injury oh you know what you got
injured on a sparkler so when somebody
says sparklers are weak and wimpy you
can really hurt yourself on those things
and Marley's making sure everything's
okay
Wow Wow with G West desperado Rough
Rider no you don't want matter that says
you're sophisticated yet you know have a
wild side like super 90s teen eggs it's
always so funny like the day the night
look what just fell the night of 4th of
July when you're just driving around you
like the entire area is just it's a
smoggy in like very smoky from all the
fireworks going off it's it's kind of
like one of my favorite like after
things like after lighting fireworks and
going home and just like driving like
you can see all the smog and it's kind
of like this beautiful eerie thing how
things that fell where this is OE
postcards from New York
do you were concerned okay I'm tired
install now that was a day of excitement
feel like the last few vlogs have been
like me coming in like just Billy well
guys it's time to go to bed I'm gonna
finish that yeah this is Ali's that's
Ali's background I'm not gonna censor
that it's funny but yeah I hope you guys
had fun even those people that don't
live in the United States you know
blowing stuff up is always kind of fun
oh by the way I still have lots and lots
and lots of fireworks so in the comments
tell me something that I can blow up
like what kind of toy like I was
thinking at an army man or a Barbie
stuff like that yeah hope you guys had
fun and a safe safe holiday for those
playing I said don't leave the United
States hope you had a safe Monday I will
see you guys tomorrow good night
I swear the last time I talked about but
if you have to see my epic dodgeball
extravaganza montage with a bunch of my
friends please click here go check it
out a guy said if you've already seen it
and want to listen to the music again go
check it out
I really truly appreciate all the
support you guys you guys are you guys
are phenomenal you're beyond words
alright see you guys tomorrow
merci psst
with child tripping
with champion Ally don't forget throw a
bar
