um I really can't see anything now you
turn my chair around Ali was laying down
because she came back from the gym and
Marley wanted to be a part of this
action but she didn't want to leave her
chair then so he's got a cat the Frog
all right I gotta go upload downstairs
of the I got to go back to the gym I was
really excited for FiOS but it's not
very fast and that reliable it's like
how many times I've had to go down to
the gym to upload or maybe I'll just
keep coming down here and stealing their
internet so much faster and free so yeah
we're going to an early morning class
I'm going with Rachel I'm just glad that
I have a gym buddy I've literally I've
never joined a gym in my life it's so
far been really really fun so I'll keep
you updated a hole well I continue to go
to the gym every day this might not last
forever I'm gonna try to be really
motivated to do it so I was a dancer for
a really long time and I went every day
for multiple hours a day I'm gonna try
to get really back to like where I was
dude 10 a.m. man what you doing you're
supposed to be open now can't even get
the gate open yeah actually I think
we'll probably be fine so I just
finished the yoga class it was really
awesome the teacher was really really
funny and really good yoga's really
difficult I forgot how hard it is like
you should be really disciplined I had a
really good time so definitely gonna go
back smoothie time penis smoothie no but
I got a peaches and silk one that's my
favorite what's your favorite smoothie I
love peach penis penis pns smoothie I am
going to make the great world's greatest
french toast instead of using regular
bread for french toast I suggest using
that whole King's Hawaiian sweet bread
this I promise you if you use this
instead of regular bread and do
everything the same maybe add a little
bit of vanilla and the the cinnamon and
the eggs I promise you it will be the
greatest adverb that never looks
appetizing though and then you got to
add up
then you just add a tiny bit up it might
have been too much this is the worst
part about making french toast is
waiting is it good
tomorrow is like I want some french
toast
what's this $100 way it's fake it's $100
is showing that would be awesome well
today is the day cuz tomorrow's fourth
of July or when you're watching this is
gonna be for its delight we're gonna go
get some fireworks ever blow shit up now
they went down to Sarasota because she's
gonna go have a puerile night
it's grill night out there gonna go down
dance around in their pocketbook and
shoes fine I don't want to be a part of
the girls night I get fun without girls
I'm bored
dog worst part of she stole my car so I
have to drive her her car
hey what are we gonna knock he's like
how you you're being very girly for the
girls night clip it sounded like cool
there's a squirrel out there these
freaking squirrels go on our screen they
poop on our screen and this is the this
is what happened that morning Zoe and
Miley hi honies running away I don't run
away I love you come back so we're gonna
go maybe see bridesmaids I feel like
that's pretty appropriate since they're
my bridesmaids it's the head of the
Internet
hey hi huh look boy jump Center
that's weird they have signs all the way
down here you guys like the dodgeball
video it's it's live on the charts
trippy channels if you haven't checked
it out I hope you guys liked it there
was a lot of fun to shoot now to figure
out where the heck I am I just like
stopped I stopped paying attention when
I was driving I was just like taking a
board so I was just like driving around
just taking random turns and I literally
have no idea where I'm at now I've never
been in this part of town if you found
this camera and I'm not attached to it
that's bad please upload this to my
youtube channel youtube.com slash CTFxC
password is pickles forever
just kidding us on my password you
thought it was pickles forever really
pickles forever well it was actually
somebody's password like how did he know
my password what that's always baffled
me if the watermelon is seedless how do
you how do you make more watermelon
those seeds make more ah
brain hurts Jesse are getting ready to
go walk around downtown for a little bit
before the movie but I don't feel like
that's gonna happen
also there's something in the bottom of
my pool and I don't know what it is I'm
a little afraid it's a dead bear skin so
I did Jesse's hair cut around fencing
punk bitch I know I'm gonna go the other
way see you all would like model she
does model so that's like you think
about it
can I go out I didn't bring the girls
down to go swimming because they would
have been really really sad I'm gonna
laugh if you fall trying to get it did
you get it get it at the wild it's a
wild t-shirt Thank You Jesse the pool
cleaner oh my god I just got a good idea
Ally's gone right she won't be back to
you later right and there was lots and
lots of fireworks everywhere right
wouldn't it be funny if somehow someway
a bunch of those string bombs magically
you know were taped to the back of a
door so when you know she came home it
exploded just you know hypothetically
speaking now we're totally gonna do that
all right
got to find it this place might work
they have it the first place we stopped
at they have it let me show you what
they do here who put this on here well
like tape one side to the door and then
one side to the the wall and then when
Ali no opens the door it's like
that outer than I thought it was but you
get to get their work yeah think that'll
be enough right I don't know any not
maybe I should go get more well there's
only ten all right we're going to
another place this will teach you a to
have a girls night out the only thing is
now I got to figure out how to do it
like do I wait for her to take a shower
and then do it when she open
or do I like put a note on the front
door and just wait now I know I'll prank
vs. prank feels sweet there's another
one
you see those pupils with my left you
see him I don't know if you guys can see
him see him say hi to him yeah they're
pointing at me hey hey we're still good
doing talking to a camera
hey boy they're talking to a camera
that's exactly what they sound like it's
kind of funny like after 800 days of
like talking to a camera for the vlogs
alone and then like six years you know
filming stuff you're just kind of you
got to get used to it it's like when
Bluetooth devices
you know we're first accepted into
society like everyone thought everyone
was crazy and talking to themselves I
feel like that's what talking to a
camera is now like YouTube generation
and vlogging and stuff it's kind of like
the same thing right well we're a little
bit crazy
no smoking who smokes in a firework tent
way I did one buy one get one free sweet
I asked my dad for an umbrella and
Jesse's like there's no way your dad
doesn't have an Arel he's like Inspector
Gadget
it's everything dad comes in with one
umbrella that's small he's like this is
probably not big enough for what you
want so what does this one that you have
oh good so when you get to what not if
when you get struck by lightning not
kill you
two-tone whoa fiberglass now you're
getting fancy I think this is the other
relation that was embarrassing good look
I'll fake the sky looks right now you
fake sky I'm on to you it's funny how
this works out I was just driving around
cuz I was lost and now we're gonna prank
Ally
Oh world all right that doesn't make
much sense I'll take it though Treach
they don't have it either I guess I just
have to go back I just feel bad because
it was like only a dollar fifty and I
charge them on my credit card and I
don't I feel bad making the guy you know
cuz he probably had to pay like a dollar
to process this stupid credit card to me
there we go
I think thirty or actually twenty-nine
should be enough and we should call ally
and CEO when she's going home
hello when are you supposed to come home
can you call me when you're getting
close to home cuz I have a surprise for
you I mean you probably won't like it
call me before so I can kind of have it
set up for you so I can surprise you
well it's kind of like it's kind of like
a candy no it's definitely a little all
right we'll have fun on you girls night
out
she's going to be so mad
maybe I should get her some candy so
that way when she's you know pissed off
I could be like oh I really did get
scanned II knew that so many the full
timeline rubber because it's got a
little if you can't tell my dad I know
you guys saw me lining up the French
fries at McDonald's and all that OCD
stuff this is the reason why because I
grew up with this and all right you
should you guys remember these things
these little paper popper things I'm
gonna try to
the crap out of my mom and I know she's
gonna scream if I do it I think dad
should do my time didn't slap me so hard
it's red watch that again I was just
turning off the interstate and I saw a
turtle like on the off-ramp basically
it's trapped I'm turning around I have
to go down a few exits to turn out so
hopefully nothing happens I gotta sit I
gotta save the little ninja turtle oh
he's already dead and now I'm all sad
poor little guy I tried that sucks
please internet if you see a turtle on
the side of the road pick them up and
move them toward turtle
you just thought of it wait you thought
one more time I just found the CTFxC R
what's your name Alex Kelly and where do
you live you in here very cool tell
everyone your address now I'm just
kidding
no is that's everybody you just watch
like I'm like Hello but I feel bad I
feel like he's getting robbed because my
other half is then it's up north and I'm
just here alone but nice to meet you
Alex oh okay we got a personal message
for Carl look so nice
nice to meet you have five yeah
okay so Ali's supposed to be home
probably in the next hour and a half so
she's gonna call me when she's nearing
the house and then what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna set it all up because I know
if I set it up that would end up
pranking myself like I did with the golf
ball do you think I mean it's gonna be
kind of late I don't want to scare the
crap out of her neighbors and like half
of them are cops so I don't want to lick
it you know what I mean like Ali
screaming here an explosion
okay I think four will be enough and
then what I'll do is I'll put it right
here here and here
watch what's gonna end up happening is
that like seriously this is gonna be
like the biggest like fail ever like
it's gonna be like so anti-climatic I'm
like expecting like a huge explosion Ali
the freakout we're watching it don't get
mad at me promise me you won't get mad
at me if I fail horribly
I'm trying update Ali watch 2011 so it's
getting really late right now and I
think this might scare our cop friend
across the hall I don't want him to
think as I can gunshot or anything but
what I'm gonna do is a plan B is I'm
gonna go when she comes I'm gonna be in
the office and I'll put on the office
doors so that way it's a lot more
muffled and that way it's still can I
get her but this I think would scare but
okay next time don't worry we'll let you
down
I won't let you down guys I can't get it
you still have to walk around downtown
didn't I even look at my favorite thing
to do yes whenever I was in high school
the only thing I wanted to do was walk
around downtown on a Saturday so this
was what happens when you tell me not to
bring food into a movie theater you
don't even have to try I mean not even
close
no go do a pull-up on the fire thing
by December eyes means for the second
time and Counting ID highly recommended
it's like the first time we were saying
it's first time we've laughed out loud
in a long time yeah except there was a
scroll behind it was like awkward the
way left her legs it's just great body
Oh what is heaven Ames all right guys
she said she's on her way let's just
walk wrap with it back record out the
good camera to see here okay okay I'll
put you down you gotta focus
okay so we got it all attached now and
the court and now we wait and wait hey
honey come here you gotta check this out
at it I just made a video okay well
today was very firework in Orion today
tomorrow's actually would be worse cuz
uh tomorrow's actually fourth of July
but yeah I'm just going through the epic
dodgeball video right now reading a
bunch of comments and replying to as
many people as they possibly can
I just want to say thank you a lot of
you guys really really really enjoyed it
some people I guess thought I over hyped
and stuff and I apologize the thing is
like when I do videos when I film daily
videos I'm talking daily you only mean
you see what I'm doing every single day
so if I'm editing a video or scared or
are filming a skit you know I like to
talk about especially when I'm like
really excited it wasn't supposed to
have a storyline basically it was just
supposed to be a bunch of my good
friends throwing together on trampolines
throwing big giant balls at each other
that sounds pretty bad I don't want to
ruin the videos but I also kind of like
I like making it seem like you guys are
a part of the process you mean like you
guys are kind of watching the you know
watching the videos be creative you know
filming the concepts and then the editor
if you haven't checked out the dodgeball
video please you know click here go
check it out if you've already seen it
go watch it again the music I just like
listen to the music over and over again
so it's so cool it's supposed to
fun when you watch it you're like I you
know what let's get a bunch of people
together let's go play dodgeball thank
you so much for all the support all the
love and I know most of you guys get it
and if you're watching this on the 4th
of July happy fourth of July if you're
not celebrating that day happy Monday
good night and yeah I'll see you
tomorrow
you
