we're tracking this beast otherwise
they'd find you so goofy hello that was
my phone don't know what I'm saying
but that's kind of always what happens
learn the blog in the car by myself I
hope you like it when I pseudo rap
dancing it's awesome so I'm kind of he
taught me to the International wall in a
minute supposed to meet dodge having
Hannah there but I'm running a little
bit late today because I've been doing
this thing where I sleep through my
alarm Marley really remember it's a dead
snake yeah I think you do remember well
what I was gonna say is it's good to be
home but now I'm just kidding now even
though we were gone for like a day or
two I saw a bunch of editing had to get
taken care of
Oh which by the way the the super epic
dodgeball the I guess it was a week ago
last weekend the dodgeball video will be
up on the Charles Trippy channel this
Sunday Mike actually my cornet is the
guy who did the music for the last video
was actually composing it again for this
video so I'm really excited I've even
actually heard it that was a bug and I
was distracted by it but yeah that
should be on the Charles Trippy channel
this Sunday so if you're not subscribed
to that channel I'll put a link in the
description below but yeah I know it was
actually a really fun video shoot
because we had a lot of our friends and
you guys saw it you saw the the behind
the scenes and it's actually for a good
cause but I'll explain all that and on
that video on Sunday so make sure you
check it out and then we have a couple
other fun videos coming up mmm getting
excited I love summer I get so
productive in the summer holy cow you
can see how bright this is in the mirror
it's like
sorry boy I hate this the weather in
Florida this is absolutely beautiful in
the summer and did you see okay
yesterday when we did the the golfing
range
did you see the background I did not
alter that that was actually the
background I was not HDR that was any
special effects it was gorgeous wasn't
it I thought it was like it look like a
like a desktop wallpaper that came with
your career at your computer you know
what I mean
I blame Ally for that
call me mister
get dirt on your head again she doesn't
care just one one foot yeah just decided
to make a chair is that what's going on
you are definitely a strange dog and a
litmus fitting
I just turned around and this is what
she's doing now how so this is why you
were digging that hole huh goofy yes I
just finished shopping and I think I
came out with like a little bit more
than I initially had in mind when I went
every time I go into Betsey Johnson I
just think of Olga because I love her
and she loves Betsey Johnson and it's
adorable and now I'm rambling and it's
gonna rain rainbow all the way across
the sky I am going to have a full
pre-wedding am I going to live health
inspection not really but I'm actually
going to the doctor to get my eyes
checked I'm going to an auntie just took
you again to the glass sorry I'm going
to auntie and your nose and throat
doctor
have my sinuses inspected because I get
a lot of sinus infections and I'm also
going to a dermatologist because I never
been to one and everybody tells me that
I'm an idiot because it wouldn't for and
I need to go see a dermatologist so but
I love a lot so I'm gonna do oh my god
I don't wanna die don't do it guys don't
do it with me stay with me this is
really dangerous I'm gonna put the
camera down now ready good good catch
I have no idea what she's doing
No
this is definitely a Marley dig day huh
you're funny
now we know why you've been digging so
much Marley you're not trying to go to
China you're just trying to cool
yourself goes there we go goes there we
go
you tired can we go inside now go get a
bath so yes I'm going to get inspected
I'm gonna get poked and prodded on the
probe you later I'm little nervous or
something I like doctors I don't think
anybody really likes doctors not really
as people just as professional sight I
think they're a little bit they scare me
a little bit because they always seem to
know something that they don't want to
tell me and I don't know I'm just just a
very dramatic and traumatic experience
whenever I go to the doctors Oh
hopefully it's gonna be all right
you know I was just trying to think if I
knew any other country's independence
days and I don't think I do I know one I
know Mexico I know there David
impendence and no it is not Cinco DeMayo
that is actually completely wrong I
don't know why people say that it is not
funny I don't even think that's a
holiday I'm not sure but I think the
Mexican Independence Day is actually
September 16th I could be wrong about
but I believe that that is the day what
do I smell like do I smell like anything
as well don't smell like anything okay
good because I feel like every day I
smell like something get him get him oh
my god what she go home
and that's what happens when she gets a
bath so VidCon is coming up at the end
of end of this month mid month I know
it's already it's already July
seriously years halfway over hey four
months five months four or five months
right anyway so a lot of you guys have
been expressing that you really really
like these like hidden interactive
videos like these little mini bonuses
within the the daily vlogs and I just
noticed I think was the yesterday or the
day before YouTube it now allows the
annotations when you click on it they
don't just take you to another video
they actually can open up in another tab
so I thought this would be a good way to
test this new feature out because a lot
of people are having problems with it
like buffering and things like this now
it'll open up another tab anyway so what
I'm getting at is that Ali got a couple
new clothes as you saw from the her vlog
her section of the vlog but she doesn't
know what she wants to wear for VidCon
since you guys like the interactive
things I thought this would be a good
opportunity for you guys to pick on
certain clothes I'm gonna I'm gonna pan
over and you guys can pick on some
clothes Ali will do a little fashion
runway we'll do it in front of the green
screen so we can do like she can go like
like that in front of it so you
get to go and check it out and see which
which outfits you like best on her and
then come back to the make this video
right here and then tell us which outfit
you liked the best
and then she'll wear that to wig VidCon
VidCon VidCon sister Wade con but yeah I
always laying out the clothes right now
and then I'll go over there you can
click on the screen it will open up in
another window and they'll be fine this
is the interactive bonus nasai actually
kind of enjoy doing the interactive
things because it's kind of like you
know like a choose-your-own-adventure
but now we bring it down to the vlog
form you know what I mean okay so you
have them all laid out yeah all right
get ready to choose guys make the
interactive bonus this bonus this
bonuses more more fun we're gonna shoot
it like a runway so I got the green
screen and the the lighting and we're
gonna shoot it on the 7d so it's going
to be even more fun all right so just
click on the outfit you want to see Ali
Tryon runway style just click click
click it should open up in another tab
and then you can just come back to this
video and check click on another one
don't like girls just do this give your
opinions to outfit 1 2 or 3 and then
come back here and let her know which
one she should wear to VidCon enjoy the
interactive bonus action action action
clicking clicking dressing just so yeah
if you participated and helping Ali
choose her her her dress for VidCon
thank you I'll have her look through the
comments to check it out by the way I
didn't say it earlier but there was a
secret secret annotation in there it was
hidden it was hidden somewhere in that
video and if you found it
congratulations if you didn't you will
never know what it was
ooh all right let's go let's go get some
food we are going to chuckle bus wait
it's actually not a bus though right
but we don't have to eat we're gonna eat
tacos off a bus it's gonna be awesome
we're gonna find it engine engine top
yeah like what you do like an egg on top
of it I'm confused I want a burrito taco
bus apparently this place is open 24
hours a day
this is corel there's a little bus
there's a line out literally out the
door
huh Kobus broken English perfectly
spoken me dancing
that's really good all right this is
this lemonade's hibiscus flower and
lemonade
Wow you can taste the flower it's like
your kid that's really good like I've
never done like Ali's having like she's
having a meltdown right now bathrooms
what was his job that was his dream in
Spanish Spanish stuff know what Andrew
just learned how this yeah Andrew just
learned how to say sour cream Spanish
abuse oh yeah if you look right there
the dude the dude with the weird hair
from the Food Network was here I don't
know who died for you already very Eddie
but look if you look like what that is
is just like he spray-painted on the
wall of their establishment just with
stencils I feel that's what we need to
do is every place we go just like spring
picking on CG a very little stencil
Zoe tell your frog oh well I'm tired
time to go to bed oh wait just as fun I
realize the sheets aren't on ah time out
anyway I won't put you guys through that
I will see you guys tomorrow I hope you
guys enjoyed the interactiveness of
bonus missus and were able to pick out
an outfit for Ali's uh VidCon adventure
oh and don't think I forgot that the
winners from the Mountain Dew contest
I'll put their names in the video
description below
so if your if your name appears you've
probably got a message for me on
Facebook if not don't worry we'll have
more contests in the future
good night guys
you
you
