where do we go left or right make sure
not to sit on this yeah
skateboard grinding perverts Jesus
another Internet pervert thing Denton
keep pigeons off from pigeon
what's Appetit can anyone explain to me
what a New York minute is no idea
Wiggins clams shrimp oysters roast boobs
we got a yellow beacon last time we were
here we were at the tunnels remember
that now we still watch wait who's gonna
be the one that's gonna I'm the one
filming right now so I'll be eaten later
by the monster who's gonna save me who's
gonna save me when the drone you're
gonna save me
it's between it's between you well it
has to be you because she's with me and
then never like in the Cloverfield thing
well the tunnel the girl who's not with
somebody saves the dude filming so
you're gonna you're gonna explode later
okay what happens to you you you die on
the bridge please dip your credit card
tips tips needed today to continue I
always get some confused oh man if I had
a skateboard I would totally I would
totally gnarly grind that gnarly
grindage totally grind King that like
Tony Hawk I would do like 300 like 360s
and then grab a helicopter and then do a
couple kick flips you're gonna grind
that okay alright
which way do we go on which way safer
this is like you're great aren't you you
gotta go watch his video on that one
recently had Ali just yeah but now he's
just walking like this this pole is like
seriously driving me crazy I want to
touch it I want to grab it I'm so
disgusted I think we found it
good job yellow shirt yellow banana
matching accessories wait a minute this
isn't right
so we meet again New York City we meet
again keeping on with a Cloverfield
theme you think that buildings gonna go
first there Wyatt I think so getting
free ice cream good welcome to New York
that's hard whoo does that make you guys
cringe when I bite into ice cream
hey I'm getting goose bumps or another
to the D under wonder whatever my left
hand is like raising raising the roof
currently
we just zoom out and show you where
we're at we made it we officially made
it we are on the Times Square whatever
those things are TVs hey it's a naked
cowboy
the thing is when you go through Times
Square you're gonna be asked two things
if you like laughter and drinking as to
its justin has said every single time no
I don't like either you can't say no
shows that who's actually paying
attention to and I almost wanted to like
give them like money for tickets even if
we didn't go because that was such a
good marketing they think it'd be funny
while he's walking
so we're gonna get you back but I'll
feel sorry for you now the worst thing
was like thinking about when it's gonna
happen that it's over with
so if you want to see me get hit in the
balls go to his channel and then this is
the best YouTube collaboration ever nut
shots
my turf son step off my turf that are
they're doing something else trying to
get some just like the squirrels the
other day no my purse is not your
personal personal I love Zola do it
look kitten all the funky man oh they
have tiny little baby one play that live
in there I just want to live in there
every night we lost the girls but I
think they might be here we haven't been
here in a couple years she's not
answering she she must be playing on
some video game what Ohio America doo
doo doo doo de doo doo
I want to jump on you this is a Nintendo
nerd thing you guys can't tell but this
is actually pretty impressive oh yeah
what you said I need two lenses I mean
yeah you need you need like this is what
it looks like in the summer
remember there's like there's no
ice-skating rink and there's 30 rock
that's all Legos that is I could do that
like I did that like four times already
since we've been here I let's build our
self out I want to be this guy I don't
know but I feel like this one represents
me that looks pretty close I got an idea
what's built several guys you guys need
to choose the head like an adaptation
interactive thing and we'll show you
what it would look like as each of those
guys if I was a Lego man chosen by you
these are the pirate pack right and look
closely on the girl pirate Jesse just
found out she has chest hair alright
since I can't decide which one
represents me the most I just click on
the one that you think actually
represents me and then we'll show you
the final outcome so yeah if you ever
wondered what I look like as a lego man
that's exactly what I look like
hey too many people around here I'm
getting a little claustrophobic whoa
that's cool
3d
PvP Lego vandalism this just in
Jessie Maxie Banksy and there they go
they go but I crushed his head
wait so you got an autograph CD there
yeah cash jay-z oh look you could have
got that might be the next jay-z dude oh
the famous Apple store you know the the
cube the glass cube one it's all boxed
up creepiness and cue time-lapse of
walking now trust me this is gonna be a
lot better for you it'll be a lot better
for you
hey we're here what's going on
yeah after shows to have partied and
prank vs. prank wins look at that ah did
you just get wet no you missed me
completely in my head but you're serious
we never get him oh I'm gonna rob you
inside of a motorized vehicle that true
you're reading that your mother no I
don't know where the hell we are right
now I think we are in some giant crazy
wall area that's good I don't know where
we're going you that's okay yeah all
right let's forget inside of a giant
mall inside of the subways
chuck-e-cheese inside of the mall normal
experience for me so here we go I really
confused and excited look it's a native
Brooklyn subway rat he's really cute
poor little guy run away there's a train
coming oh my god that is the cutest
thing I've ever seen me washing his face
thank God you guys thought I'm gonna die
lost in the subway system in Brooklyn
but I made it back to Manhattan totally
can read subway maps it's not that far
but you just have to pay attention we're
going uptown or downtown cuz I would
have been bad would have been a little
bit long island event okay we've been
kicked off the subway but I mean
and now we're gonna go get dinner I'm so
proud of myself for fans of that dude
well last night in New York City I don't
know I don't know this time
Justin Wyatt went back to look at their
place cuz they're moving out here I
guess what are they moving August yes
sometime in August so they weren't to go
look for a place so they're gonna go do
that
and we're just gonna go find some food
maybe around there in this area with the
glowing lights Mamma Mia Mamma Mia
that's pretty good I think their
foundations over there I was pretty good
when I see this they reminds me of that
movie with Adam Sandler Zohan
I can't tell that's the name of the
business or if that's just going out of
business where where is the vault no
it's behind us
it's right up here I think it's right
here you're stupid your face is stupid
where my nutballs
oh that is it oh yeah you shut your face
November there was another one over
there too there was two of them because
we were raged there was your face is
stupid this is a perfect example of how
OCD Ally is
they get too small what if you like the
smallest to biggest alright guys well
it's time ago most times I go to bed
we got a flat it like 5 or 6 in the
morning
but luckily he's direct so we'll be home
really soon so I will see you guys
tomorrow
um good night and so I'm kind of paying
attention I think I think this is it
8 1 8 lucky money hopefully if somebody
else run somebody else answers run ok no
we're good alright guys I will see you
tomorrow good night and wait you got me
in secret secret that work good night
good night good night guys
you
