be good Zoey be good you good my ten
minutes to spare
difficult that is look at that the good
time it is typical typical fashion of us
this is just so when Ali gets separated
for me I can find you excuse you up
there's a little conquistador do it
again I like flying through here because
it's like it's so like small it's so big
we literally got through security and
like we're like four minutes five
minutes going on a plane again going to
New York City that is at least big head
right in front of the camera getting
good at this
that's actually pretty good legroom this
is my side this is this is great leg
room right here
look at all this other's legroom there's
just a purple foot in my way let me just
kicked
but it is smoking all right these done
is equipped with a diversion here since
Sudar that's front of the airbox
they have a CGI version of the
roadrunner and the coyote
and
Charles left there dragging ass so they
say espresso
there we go oh good okay feeling up what
are we even supposed to why are we here
yeah party
we're just like hey you're supposed to
go to New York okay we're here to party
oh it's moving
now what's a jet engine doing here well
that's huge your dad used to work on
these jeez that's insane don't touch it
don't touch it it's gonna explode that
is really its massive they suck you up
so if you get anywhere in the front
you're going out the back 15 feet just
like okay just take a jackass or no
shootin stuff out clean my shoes all
that energy going to waste half my
stride
look watch percept you find a little
secret mirror I really come and then
what was all this see what you names
Eddie Eddie I'm not gonna scare you but
I'm playing with the passenger seat
control look I would just mess with
something just move them and not tell
them that it's back here if we the man
in black can't see the Fantas
this is either gonna take us a space or
it's gonna take us to the hell go shout
out to Eddie a driver awesome guy he's
like the nicest driver we've ever had
well it's like an atrium that's cool
this elevator is freaking me out it is
freaking me okay okay there's Jesse and
Jeana I really want to try to prank them
to make them think they're in the
complete wrong place but I don't know
how to do it you guys should call him
back and say he's at the wrong hotel
oh thank you you're right bear you
trying to find a bathroom about it oh so
they were supposed to give us two beds
for Gena and Jesse to sit yeah but it's
so tiny
Internet's actually kind of slow I'll be
your internet so slow but they give us
this aluminum chair so I've been going
like this next to the computer to try to
get some sort of reception doesn't work
don't try to use aluminum chairs and get
better reception this is yeah this is
where you put your soap or you I don't
your keep my beer cheese you can put
your keys right there and this is the
closet there's actually just as much
room in here
that we can just go in here now and now
I'm trapped in the closet
oh yeah I discovered what this is for
basically for just you know just
awkwardly standing like this there we go
it feels like a boat okay
I bet test one two three oh that one
sounded painful
I think the first ever down we've ever
had
break house go to the shower good here's
why I'm Justin here yet can you guys see
my pupils is showing up they're like all
square Jesse wait what stuff
Jesse discovered it look at this cute
angular pupils I'm an alien it's kind of
cool
I am bender please insert girder
oh please don't kill yourself okay I
know if you tell her no she's going to
do it even more
alright so that's how you're doing the
full-length mirror thing all right so
we're trying to head over to the event
slightly lost and slightly delayed but
that's okay
carrots yes yes carrots is the CTFxC
carrot guy you know what kind of feels
exactly like a did what in December like
for New Year's yeah except all of snow
but yeah this is where we had that
snowball fight remember the prank vs.
prank CTFxC snowball fight that was
amazing we need to do another one
neatly that we couldn't have a snow but
let's have a rock fight just to have a
giant rock fight in Central Park check
it out
Zoe she's not a postcard ally took the
photo it says my name is that where's
the say my name it's okay it's alright
you got some hor d'oeuvres some hoarders
thank you I want to give credit where
credit deserves on Saudi job good
actually
Ali I wait to go get something to drink
I gave her the camera go around with and
of course the photo that one she took so
I just want to like different desserts
Zoe
my words
Oh
yes to them all the time do you remember
his name right his name if you remember
in the comics I'll go in common thumb up
the one
what about heard you guys remember her
name and it was this weirdo does anyone
know who this one is oh that's that's a
lovely face
No
I got your purse don't worry that's a
big booty can you get a pie or can you
go on the back put some clothes on this
is New York Allie's making friends
hey ollie Internet I need your help I
don't know what to order
can anyone translate this for me I mean
like seriously I finally have something
good burger home of the good burger to
take order that this I didn't think that
exists
Wow Oh before I forget guys I didn't
forget about the whole Mountain Dew
contest I just been really busy right
now I have the winners on the cob the
computer at home so when I get back I
think on Thursday I'll announce it but
how do ask me to let you guys know to
stop spamming CTFxC for the win cuz
we're making the page really slow so the
contest is over you don't have to keep
like saying that and I'll let you guys
know on Thursday but will have another
contest soon but I just want to say
that's really hardcore for you know
Mountain Dew to go hey can you you know
have the CTFxC stop and and the contest
so be proud that's really cool guys but
yeah I'll let you guys know Thursday now
we gotta find oh hi how's it going
she was just laughing at me really like
if I had the strength is person in New
York talking about I feel like people
talking to themself in New York would be
like Commons like this is what this is
oh that's true that is true like top
it is true it is a little bit different
I guess this got it do it this is you
know after years of this it just becomes
second nature and I just get used to it
but yeah I guess from an outside
perspective it is a little bit different
this air hotel is just like another
cinder block thing too much you don't
what
how did you sleep through that was a
party now is it incredibly clean
conscience that's how he gets
you
