I gotta pee so bad so that kept in touch
tapes I tell you that I like your
glasses
Raja gazelle we're not home guys we are
no longer in never-never land
what yeah reclusa I know I recognize
that
so this is going to be less first one
that we're looking at obviously you guys
have probably picked up on this but we
are inferring our view for our trip in
the next month the one that we're going
to get with a dog just left this is
similar you just say left this morning
right just this morning Oh kind of luck
we have and then Haley's really rhinos
really know type yeah so the difference
with online it's a little darker darker
wood but this is the same floor plan so
you have a sofa here wow it's a bumper
here yep ooh nice a lot roomier than I
was actually anticipating so we could
have a romantic dinner right there char
I was in the bathroom that's about the
right there came back and I want to say
yesterday so there's a couple couple
things are we yeah that's right we did
this before right now but this might be
the one we might get this was about 36
feet yeah what's funny is all the ones
that we really wanted to get literally
left like an hour ago so we're kind of
like scrambling trying to find the ones
that are pet-friendly but yeah should we
found one pretty excited so check this
one out I think I look pretty good
sitting right here I actually really
like it but this is all beautiful and
brand-new it actually sleeps 10 people I
don't think we're going to need a ten
person one but it's still pretty amazing
got this giant fridge what I was
expecting it to be like this big
honestly got this bathroom and then a
full shower that opens up into
quote-unquote our bedroom and then we've
got the double bed it's got windows
everywhere which is like really nice but
I feel like you can kind of get like
claustrophobic if you're in a space no
windows and then this opens up back into
the bathroom and you know this really
cool it's more down here they all
recognize Charles
kind of like a really
all right we're going to the next one
we're going on the mack daddy this
semester daddy this is like the big boy
that's super pricey but it's got
everything and anything you could think
of yeah I know you like the double
slide-out little blog blog so this is a
half bath this door it's locked or no
but it opens up and it's like a small
porch outside apartment is bigger than
my credit insurance so pretty so amazing
out oh these are home we're gonna go
we're about to go in somebody's house so
it looks like it's actually happening
guys they're really on please show us a
bunch of different armies that you know
it's still a bunch in here at the RV
show but we didn't really get to go in
and really experience what it's all
about and we didn't want to drop
$200,000 on a RV so a lot of you guys
actually suggested doing this thank you
for that suggestion and what was really
funny as we walked in there and a couple
people actually watch the YouTube video
so it took away that entire awkward like
explanation type of thing this is
actually really fun I think we go this
way
I'm so excited though we're actually
doing it I know we were talking about
but so much fun when things actually
come through living home are these homes
are these rentable oh these are these
are rental bowls okay
holy crap that actually looks like our
tour bus the same paint job and
everything does this look like our
actual tour bus look at the paint job
I'm excited are you I'm so excited
and
it's not sales you like on I love like
taking out everything they have here and
they have some mini I walking well the
thing is to like this is also like a
resort I know that's like the size
you're cramming yes yes tour bus sighs
you know what's really funny maybe we
can work together on the next tour and
we drive one of these we have a tour bus
for real also the cool thing is I think
they're going to hook it up with all the
bells in the West bells and whistles
literally bells and whistles wouldn't it
be fun of the recession give you all the
bells with it don't yet so but I just
you know we've had such a cool
experience here so far I'm like blown
away because we're right now we're just
looking just to rent one for a couple
weeks so we'll see what like when we
went to the RV show we kind of we
contemplated it but we were like okay so
literally you're like this close to buy
one I rushed for that red one yeah well
I kind of like um but there's a
different one that I like better where
there's more room because I was like you
know what I've been trying to sell my
car I wanted to buy a new car one like
they could totally do that I think it
would force us to travel a little bit
more like in our vehicles and things of
that sort what the problem is we kind of
this research about like what are we
going to do with the situation when we
hey what are we going to do when we're
not actually touring like where are we
going to put it and all that fun stuff
that's Whitehall Ernest we've learned a
lot of things remember when we was a toy
hauler so that's where it's like that
thing like you dropped it back and it's
like a I think it's like the metal
ground I can be wrong filamentous like
from what I remember an RV shows like
it's like Rudy drops back and you can
put like a golf cart in there oh we have
a golf cart that no we have a golf cart
but we're going to get a trailer but
then we kind of realized that the car
probably would not tow that at all
that was like our biggest thing is like
a today we are asking Jay you know if we
were to do like a hookup kind of like
this right here that the BMW couldn't
fold that way no so it would be it'd be
something that's not worth it for us I
would have to rate the truck as well and
it'd be like more cumbersome like I
don't think that trust myself getting
out and getting it like I think it's
awesome to be able to be in a house
that's moving yeah I mean it's one less
thing and then magnifica generators I
actually didn't know this ul is gonna
rain awesome you guys told us about that
you guys are pretty much planning this
trip but we're finally doing it I know
I'm really good this is the big surprise
yeah all right one other thing now we
have to do Ali's like super excited
right now we have to go July 4th it's on
to the yet and run or to work
I don't know if you guys saw that show
glow on Netflix or Hulu it's on it's on
one of those things about women's
wrestling it is so interesting enough
there we saw an actual documentary about
the people in the actual thing mainly I
was actually really blow while I started
watching those like oh this kind of
seems silly I got sucked into it
I always happens I got sucked into
luckily stranger things yeah I got
something to that I love it yeah I would
not have watched it for some reason I
see things I'm like oh watch it later
although that one you watch I really
like that like no way I don't have to
read all that and watch the end I do I
get okay you want me to tell you what
happened came to matter to make sure you
cut of its entire purpose okay what
happened was that she what happened I
don't remember it I can't tell you that
I couldn't tell you the end of stranger
things either truth I can't tell you
what happened to glow I can't really
tell you the end of this ginger bait I
couldn't tell you what happened at the
end of unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt I know
what happened in here
what happened televisions going to skip
away I'll tell you these bleep out there
was a trick question
we haven't watched the end yet we walk
into the season it is here I love how
this is all just bleeped out right now
censored anyway so it's live for it oh
by the way if you guys are going to work
tour and CP we're going to go there
fingers crossed that it doesn't rain out
like every year walk tour because I
don't know if I ever said that st.
Petersburg is always voted the worst day
of Warped Tour which sends a lot there's
a lot of hot babes London well I love it
now what I just mean like the worst day
meaning it rains it's humid but the
thing is were from Florida or Florida
boy so we loved it good with your memory
okay so what was that I don't know so
happy with it I have no idea anyway so
we have to go your fireworks that's what
this clip literally just rambled on was
just about getting there how do you
enjoyed it Gavin so fine smiling Zoey
haze odor can you hear me I like how we
have a baby camera for the Ducks
Zoey thank you guys know why don't you
like me to know it is she's looking I
love you are you doing well I think the
best one ever was when level and Tyson
got up so he has peg leg and if it is
old Nathan for the camera no no there
you had that too I have to look today
he went upstairs and then he couldn't
figure out how to get down all on camera
oh type odd he was a goofy dog was a
good dog
see that's why I film these everyday is
that you have these memories of
everything
what do you want to get
Oh
all right we got our fireworks and this
is just an observation as many people
have always done this but it's so funny
you celebrate fourth of July but
Americans independence by lighting
Chinese fires isn't that kind of
interesting I was looking at every
firework in Sydney in China a firework
ever said made United States I'm sure
there has been but I'm not certain areas
do but you never see that urge to know
and I'm sure people made that
observation by comedians have countless
hours of skins and like observational
humor but what's the deal with these
Chinese fireworks
sighs what's the deal with airplane food
I'd wait for those neither were confused
that supposed to be Jerry Seinfeld
what's the deal with these bloggers I'm
knowing when I'm talking like yourself
oh my god yeah but I'm tired I'm suck
everything so now he's sucking right now
holding this is a try papa
what yeah I gotta go forwards like
basically what's the deal with airplane
food
yeah feel like deja vu right now the
rain rains coming
Grundy run be quick time to get in time
to get in time to get in so Ali what did
we'll get some medication she's still
not feeling good get a D and I did all
by myself I'm actually pretty impressed
with myself
yeah I'm getting better revisit
and we're getting there still not quite
100% Clif Prowse right now
I came at wig I'm so pumped that like I
said earlier that it's actually
happening we're actually getting this
road trip together and I think we're we
leaving
July through August hopefully that's the
game plan
hey can you try and light please I
started put it in route you want to in
your mouth old Bell are you tell me what
I gotta give you got perfectly behind
your ears right there can you please
turn on the light I'm trying
good night Internet thanks for watching
don't say anything else
subscribe do you really am i totally
going to do that a purpose
all right good night guys
