good morning my this is it's 7:00 in the
morning and the dogs are so confused
right now they're like wait can we go
back to bed so he's just been standing
at the foot of the BRIT the bed just
like can we quickly bed now all right
wake up guys grab your coffee grab your
energy drink it's gonna be a long day
still Marley hair on here Internet
I'm just gonna put it out there take him
back Sunday they're back oh they're back
that's like the best pop up song ever oh
I'm all blurry I feel like I just
injected my body with adrenaline I'm so
pumped up for this all right so we're
mini road tripping we're traveling to
this place called Boeing center to
Sports Complex and I can't really
explain it other than it's a warehouse
full of trampolines the entire of the
walls the floor and it's just full of
trampolines they said we can come in and
film so I have a group of like 20 people
coming so this is probably gonna be the
coolest Sports Complex I'm used I'm used
to other Sports Complex if you know
they're kind of boring this one's gonna
be pretty amazing hopefully they're open
I don't hit the open special they open
special just for us so I feel I feel
kind of special this is the place these
are the giant shrimp leans and their and
their hey half a tear bright so we have
everyone oh you guys have shirts now too
we're just waiting on Ali she's bringing
sustenance
oh this somebody like the evil t1000 got
everyone got a referee you have no idea
you just showed up showing up this is
gonna be the place we're gonna be
filming right now all right guys I get
get ready and I have to be like a girl
so okay
sweet I want to do the whiskey this is
pretty cool man of course
Hanover and Ali's belly-flopping look
I'd have to blur your face anymore you
have to wear that all the time no I
think it might be better that way right
very good
hit the sister yeah you go over that guy
want to hit you you could totally be a
shot it's your place of course yeah it
looks pretty good he's using yours yeah
it's beautiful
this is mine that's the same thing no
not your whatever is the other team you
got a whistle and this is my team over
here okay we'll do one more discuss
let's say who doesn't know the game of
dodgeball
first off
what do you're burning again wait
oh no not a good idea we have another
piper down
how's that look it's harder
ready when you are
nutshot
how're you feeling feeling good feeling
good no it's really good
oh hi hi camera we're talking about oh
hi Jake so edit that's what she said
okay I did this on grad life but I want
to do it on my camera now because it was
really cool I'm gonna flip Freddy
ah
Danya
Oh
this is Dawne invention we have no idea
what's going to happen boy boy boy boy
so like I said this should be up on
YouTube by contrast Charles Trippy
Channel I'm hoping maybe next Thursday
or Friday we're going to New York so I'm
gonna have to upload it from New York
City so make sure you subscribe over
there if you're not over there already
and yeah it's gonna be pretty crazy
they'll be epic dodgeball that's what
you guys saw so epic dodgeball
tournament everyone's laughing at me
when was the last time you played
dodgeball it hasn't been in the past
like 30 minutes go do it
someone stole my shoes
I'm looking for my shoes have you seen
them shoes oh yeah where'd he go you
perverts you're perverts bunch of
perverts Oh Internet your minds in the
gutter remember we're not gonna make
that same mistake as we did last time do
you remember that all the way was gonna
die that's a whole thing a ghost pepper
in with jalapeno
so we're just wondering what the hostess
over here at Tijuana flats was looking
every strangers like this uh-huh
I forgot this was on my face so let's
look right I don't like it who the heck
am i I was following a straight line I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna turn around
don't tell me don't tell me don't tell
me so tired it is so hot outside do you
think Ally's gonna mind if I knock down
the air a little bit yeah keep it going
keep it going keep it going
that'll work holy crap it's okay it's
1:30 and I did all that today I feel
highly do you guys feel tired just
watching I feel highly productive today
oh it goes lip debris light
now you're gonna upload the vlog import
all this footage and start editing I'm
gonna take a little break from vlogging
I start editing and uploading see in a
bit ttyl
love you like a sis whoa do you see all
that whoa I have glowing powers oh hi
creepy dogs overexposed dogs so yeah
we're going to an outdoor concert
tonight and those are rain clouds maybe
I'll use my glowing powers don't rain
don't rain
I have too much fun with cameras don't I
excuse me young lady do not wander
he's not for sale hold my hand at all
times or that are the man in the truck
we'll come get you
you're just qualified for no toilet
paper no toilet time for you
oh I tried so hard but I couldn't resist
she looks like a puppy when she does
that I told you it was hot guys I wasn't
lying now let's go back to the 45 degree
house called it wouldn't it be kind of
funny if we actually just followed him
like hey what's up dude we just you know
followed your truck whatever you like
follow me you end up in some like creepy
creepy place well I better an idea not
to follow this random truck word slip
bye bye Charles Trippy you know it's
really funny when you're driving on the
interstate and you look over you know
every time like you passed somebody you
look over at them and they look over you
yeah it was the funniest thing in the
world is when you catch somebody picking
their nose
yeah I've ever done that would you like
look over and they're like oh and they
get a really like really embarrassed
I think Justin today to saw some lady
actually pick her nose twice and then
eat it why it's like Marley eating poop
does it taste good is this like some
sort of like the greatest taste in the
world it's a baby rainbow
I bet that their golf cart goes 160 mile
per hour
look a little chicken run good go chase
the chicken
about my dad about him look at my dance
the Hulk let me see what's in your bag
no let me see what else is in your bag
though he blows a ridiculous
porta-potty this thing is crazy there's
like a million freaking matches it would
make anybody feel as though they were
slightly inebriated
it's really funny though it should be
like first time I went into the bathroom
it should be probably 10 minutes bigger
I'll get the hell out and then there are
spring that's just normal for the body
it's very intimate CTFxC you
we're CTFxC
for Charles Trippy just in case we get
lost you know somebody could see our
signal concert was actually a memorial
to Frankie Toller he just passed away
actually I was one of my dad's really
good friends it was the guy who was
playing guitar Danny Toller who
basically was a to make sure I don't run
into a car or anything like that rated
one of the top three most underrated
guitarists of all time anyway so his
brother passed away and this is how a
bunch of rock stars celebrate somebody's
life you know that's so much they're
like they're passing but it's a
celebrating their life and that is like
the coolest thing ever so yeah I was
actually want to show you guys a photo
of my dad Frankie and Danny so see if
you can find my dad see if you can
actually find them okay great here
I thought it'd be really cool to show
you guys if you had never heard of them
check them out Google is your friend you
Google Iser
yes
really
you
