good morning guys holy crap 900 videos
thumbs up for 900 videos ok intro time
Internet killed
Oh God the monster why did you do that I
know it makes you happy to destroy other
people's things done I am off again
to ship ships getting ready to shoot our
awesome exciting super fantastic
fantabulous never before seen before
seen video tomorrow it's gonna be really
exciting well today actually if you're
watching this which you are and we
always say that but we always forget
whatever it's tomorrow in our world do
you understand what I'm saying are you
following what I'm saying and I'm
talking really fast and kind of
rationally but whatever you can just
stay with me and now this is your job
come on you're living in a time of
instant reaction you better keep up I
have nothing else to say except that I
love you and also that I'm kind of
hungry and something smells like corn
flakes I think I'm just gonna like move
down here yeah for some reason I don't
know what's going on with our internet I
gotta have something come out it's just
a lot of time I have to come down here
and help flood again so hopefully
hopefully it works there's gonna be
actually a really busy day behind the
scenes because tomorrow we're shooting a
video at 7:00 in the morning and we're
gonna be filming this video for the
Charles Trippy channel and I'm getting a
bunch of people come up wake up you know
harder this convinced a bunch of
college-age adults to wake up at 7 a.m.
yeah this is just this like magic but
it's not weather started getting warmer
I have a new favorite button in my car
maxie see button push this
push the AC button but that's boring
want to take it to the max so I push the
maxi but maximize our air-conditioning
miss that's a weird thing I think I
don't I could live like I mean I I've
always wanted to live in New York but
it's such a foreign thing to me that
they literally like almost none of them
have air-conditioning like it's not
necessary really I mean it gets warm in
the summer but most of the time you need
heat because it's cold you she didn't
know what he was for it's just weird to
me I don't know I I feel like having no
air-conditioning would just be so
completely strange I've lived in the hot
climate my entire life and a/c is like a
staple just realized how close fourth of
July is I think Charles is like chomping
at the bit to get some fireworks to
every place we go by that has a science
aspire mystical fireworks it's going up
at work I don't know how safe it is to
get a bunch of fireworks I do remember
one year I think we tried to blow up a
Michael Vick doll because we don't like
people who don't like doggies yeah I
don't know that didn't work out so well
it basically just melted his face off
which I was also okay with violence is
not the answer but it's totally portable
of dolls that's pretty funny no no no no
no no blow-up dolls aren't cool that's
not what I said I said blowing up dolls
blow up a doll is good not never mind
all right I have a question for you how
do they determine the 25 to 200 dollar
fee does it matter the size of the poop
does the tiny dog it's only 25 if it's
like a Great Dane it's 200 so today's
been another day on the phone all day
but for good reason
organizing ten how many people 10 15 15
youtubers for a video shoot at 7:30 in
the morning it's kind of difficult like
we're all we know what he wants to wake
up but it's gonna be fun so everyone's
really really excited the videos gonna
be tomorrow I think you guys have you
guys still playing the guessing game did
you guys figure out anything I don't
want to tell you because I want you to
see it you'll see it in the vlog but the
final video will be on the Charles
Trippy Channel so we're gonna get some
costumes or some gear I should say and
some sustenance cuz we have to have Red
Bull
doughnuts that's all you need in the
morning like if you hit just have that
all that sugar you'll be up and you'll
be able to you'll be out a few 7:30 I
know that existed
it's time get any like lower is there
like a 5:30 every year
this is alleys craft services alley
services this is the first time we've
ever had to do this we need to get some
we need to get some chips
oh we just get people frosting just get
the weirdest things we should get people
like frosting and then melted popsicles
now that's normal stuff I think for
drinks they should have those popsicles
that always come melted and then you put
some spots put them in the frigerator
people's like who's this or see if I can
get it in Oh
from downtown oops oh yeah I want this
oh let's just do this we can just give
them snowcone syrup
Oh fireworks fireworks oh well since you
guys like that whole interactive vlog
the other time I lost Ally conveniently
so you guys have to decide which which
hile we're gonna end up going down
between the two aisles okay is she on
aisle 19 or an aisle 21 so you have to
click here or here 19 or 21 check it out
you don't do it we won't go to find Ally
all right well guess we'll have to find
out later thank God we found you this is
the first aisle they chose now you show
up in this one we found her we found it
if you didn't play along shame on you
you didn't find her everyone else did
for shame all right we need to go find
makeup for my face we should probably go
get some makeup and then some soap so
that way we can clean the makeup off her
face we should also get some sort of
like drinks or something like that so
everyone has something to drink
oh that's good you're way ahead of it ha
ha ha so maybe we should get some plates
oh we got some plates already maybe what
about some clothes should I wear some
short shorts oh I don't own any short
shorts because their display was special
is this am i wearing this right you're
so inappropriate see everyone says I'm
inappropriate it really stems from back
here yeah so now you can look awesome
it actually doesn't that serve it like a
purpose or flex the Sun it's the light
doesn't reflect oh yeah okay cool really
where I'm prepared now I need a headband
pearl right oh yeah I like the sparklers
are the little tassels on the handlebars
let's you know how fast you're going
uh-huh well that was laughs but you
can't do that Internet
oh they're home oh my god no I mean now
no here we go oh I can't stand three
yeah go get a flower it's always
freaking out she keeps hearing the
Thunder how did you find that I buried
that I tried to hide that from you how
did you fight your smart little dog and
you rolled in a dead snake yep they
probably ate it too that's why your
coffin Oh live it up Marley well you
don't know as you're getting a bath
after this rolling in a dead snake I
okay joke's on me I know you're not
supposed to let dogs dig but why not oh
she just stole your stick dude I'm sorry
steal her hole Marley look at the camera
show the internet how much dirt you so
are chinese CTFxC r--'s looks like
Marley's gonna meet you on the other
side she'll get there avenge me
Australia she's trying to go to
Australia and China anywhere else
well there's in this deja vu
today's been a really annoying day as
far as the publishing thing because
yesterday's video
oh look at it actually went to a hundred
percent so maybe maybe some people got
it but if you didn't get to see
yesterday's video I'll put it right here
you can just check it out the reason why
I'm saying is because we were holding a
contest actually Mountain Dew was
holding in contest and then we're
holding another contest so there's two
chances the winning in that video and I
just kind of want to make sure everyone
you know has a chance that's fair so if
you missed yesterday's video go check it
out and you can you know enter for a
chance to win some CTFxC merch and some
other cool stuff so just wanted to let
you know and I actually wanted to ask
how long it took if that video ever even
made it to your submission like almost
daily now with the glitches and the goof
ups and I don't know them the what was
that the YouTube monkeys messing up the
gears or whatever they said but I just
wanted to know if you got the video
yesterday or if you didn't or how long
it took to actually show up in your your
subscription box cuz it was 11 o'clock
it took 12 hours for me so it's kind of
crappy crappy you guys want to see this
look at this look at this delicious
I slept come wearing socks I will never
make fun of you again Zoe I wanted to
show them okay I wanted to show you guys
my delicious I'm look at that pizza I
put mozzarella in the crust so I made my
own stuffed crust pizza well that was
embarrassing just fell on my booty shut
up weird socks see watch grab this no
don't do it again you know
like if you try to run it stops but it's
why did this have okay now I Baker's I'm
gonna go to bed now it's gonna be early
morning hope you guys had fun with
little annotation I'm glad you got you
like those little secret annotations
where it can take you anywhere did you
find Ally
or did you just let it go through okay
I'm rambling a lot I'm gonna go to bed
I'm too hyper if I can go to bed
psst
with child tripping
Nellie
you
