first actually when I film all that
separately it doesn't look appetizing
run Zoe run well careful
run away Zoe are you a maniac maniac
that's for sure and you're dancing like
you've never danced before
that's my singing it's awesome Zoe I
know regulated referee run Zoe run
- sir
whatever way my location
they're giving away my location giving
away my location you come back here
you're with him
search my face hey so the other day I
got a package from the people from
Mountain Dew and they sent eyerly Shay
they sent three flavors basically
Mountain Dew is bringing back three
flavors by popular demand get it I get
it Mountain Dew doom and they have super
nova typhoon and pitch black and Ali and
I are gonna do a taste test to see which
one's our favorite one al you ready
would it sound like Errol alright
without without knowing right now
without further ado which one do you
think you're gonna like the most that
one I'm gonna go with pitch black cuz
it's black and it's cooler do the dew
sorry you're so OCD okay the reason why
we're talking about Mound do is they're
holding a contest right now on their
Facebook why you put why you pour it if
you go to their Facebook facebook.com
slash Mountain Dew you can see it right
here they're holding a contest if you
click the popular demand on their
Facebook it'll take you to this tab
where you can basically show your love
for your favorite flavor and I think
every week yeah every week they're gonna
be announcing a winner I want all the
CTFxC to go submit cuz I want you guys
to always win I always want you guys to
win so just go to facebook.com slash
Mountain Dew popular demand tab and then
submit your favorite flavor show those
shows show the love for the do and on
top of that we're gonna hold our own
little contest in addition to it so what
you're going to need to do after you
like their Facebook page go to the wall
tab and write CTFxC for the win so it's
just all the CTFxC rose was just invade
their wall and
a Leonel pics like three random winners
and we'll send you guys a free t-shirt
so even more chances to win all right
you ready for this taste test okay so
which one you gonna go for first
the pitch I'm gonna create something for
every one of these Roma is it good
you think delicious it is good though
it's grapey okay that's right the
typhoon is supernova I don't know I
don't really know what to do for
supernova supernova super focus gonna
try typhoon circle miss of typhoon this
I like that that's a lot more like fruit
punch so out of all three which one do
you like the most you know I thought I
thought it would be this definitely oh I
totally called it totally called it try
at this speed run speed run you're not
letting your palate-cleansing
between I can't decide no I can't decide
that might be pretty good let me try
even better that's the that's the new
soda that's the new Mountain Dew soda we
just invented it Wow
no I'm the creator of the most epic soda
ever
oh yeah exactly so thank you to Mountain
Dew for allowing us to taste-test these
new flavors you guys are bringing back
and for allowing the CTFxC a chance to
win so I'll put all the information in
the video description below
CTFxC I know you guys can take over the
contest so good luck
this is us preparing
baby yeah girl this is those preparing
for our Zumba today we're listening to
so on the trip you Channel I reviewed
kind of like my height my impressions my
first impressions of Final Cut Pro and
that ironically edited edited in Final
Cut 7 I am actually going to this vlog
that you're watching now was actually
done in X C I'm actually going to try to
do this it might take me longer but I
can do it
I have faith I'm scared I'm scared guys
please if there's any yet it fails don't
make fun of me too much I think it's
gonna storm looks like it's gonna rain
let's go around ready I'm hunting
elusive dingbat up be very still maybe
she'll go away
she's looking reanalysis Oh No
what is this one oh no we are going to
scout out a new locations that's too
dark is this better is that better is
this better this is better no that's
better
great let's get a scout we're gonna be
shooting a video I think sometime within
the next few days and it's gonna be for
the Charleston channel it's gonna be
really epic and I don't want to tell you
anything but it's gonna involve a lot of
people an awesome sport that you used to
play as a kid you guys want to make some
guesses I bet you'd no one's gonna get
it but yeah we have a meeting with a
couple places and we're gonna go scout
out locations the first time I've ever
been done in the professional thing and
scout it out I don't know why you ever
get you ever wonder why they do that
it's cuz like whatever comes out of your
mouth you're quoting is it's kind of
funny so awesome sorry guys you just
fell down but we're gonna go oh that's
what I meant to say that a whole
rambling mess we just checked out the
secret location oh oh
building height building height this is
gonna be a really fun video I don't know
what day we're gonna be shooting I think
maybe this weekend this is gonna be
last-minute
I'm not dangling things in front of your
face okay one more time it's really cool
I'd be willing to bet that's something
that you've never even thought existed
that's all I'm gonna say oh I want to
see the comments now I'm gonna have fun
reading those welcome to Charles kam
this is what I see
hello all right we're gonna give the
dogs back
oh no she heard and she's like what
really do we really have to do that is
it going for a bath time
let's go mom are you rolled in poop
today so let's go dump dump get you
buddy Mack
don't both of you jump at the same time
let's go go Marley move in first person
doggy bath got you guys all wet haha oh
do I have the waterproof backing up you
guys seem to like it when I do this
angle every time we do this angle is
like the world's worst like angle ever
Justin Bieber you got everybody all wet
wait Marley escaped
how did Marley escape get your butt back
in here you crazy dog stand on your own
two feet four feet four feet four feet
job well done
you
