hello okay so we're playing two or three
- yay going to see which is how would
you describe it like dance aerobics like
you know I don't know how you will work
out where you even have an instructor
and you follow them so I hope I'm not
gonna keep kicking or punching anybody
in the face laughs I might hurt someone
I don't god I'm gonna try to film it but
it's gonna be like a lot of women and
I'm sure they're not gonna want me to
have a good camera house right so Simba
I have you've done it good job mocking
mocking sorry over there well go for
more dark are you guys remember last
week when we were doing this ah the
Orabrush do the CTFxC killed their
website you guys were trying to go to
the website so well I just want to let
you guys know they're having a contest
so if you ended up getting one I'll put
a link in the video description below go
check it out but they're giving away an
iPad so you're gonna be back
ah so gross well we have another first
in YouTube glitches all right check this
one out this one's this one's confusing
so go to the main page right video plays
right but if you go down here and click
it check this out what what what is this
but then if you go back it plays I have
no idea what's going on I was gone sumo
with Rachel wait what is Zumba what do
you do so you're gonna go shake your
booty all right I'm gonna I'm gonna do
this Final Cut Pro thing and you go
shake your booty hey bye love you okay I
don't think I'm gonna be able to film
because there are mirrors everywhere and
I don't want to tell anybody else in the
class but this is crazy I'm very nervous
and I'm also really excited
so this is where this is what a gym
looks like for those of you have never
been before and I'm gonna be right by a
speaker so insanely loud nice so we meet
again outside to have to upload another
vlog Internet died again and I was doing
that weird thing right after that so I
have to go outside and fingers crossed
this is actually uploaded if not then
today when you're watching this I would
have been very angry because yesterday
wouldn't have been uploaded and
therefore today I would be quite long
ception
I just went in the sauna and in the
steam room I feel a little better like
it cleared me up a lot I can't film in
the class there were too many other
women but it was now filming in the
bathroom that's just as weird but it was
really really fun I've never joined a
ton of my life but I totally think I
might join because this is awesome and
it was such a good workout it feels so
good like the runner's high like the
workout high gets so energized and you
feel great
and then I can eat like a ton I just
want a platter of fruit and veggies and
I'll tell you what you're about to go to
the sub shop right there literally as
I'm walking towards the door you flips
off the open client dang it okay this
sucks so bad first the internet goes out
then it goes out again then apparently
they suspend our internet because I
didn't pay the bill but I did pay the
bill but there was good
ahh I filmed a really quick thing um
ironically enough I'm editing in okay
basically I filmed my first impressions
of the new Final Cut Pro X and it's kind
of like just one of those like you know
my shows you come with the cool things I
found and all that stuff
but ironically I don't know it very well
still so I'm editing in Final Cut Pro 7
that's irony right that would classify
as irony I think so but I upload it on
the youtube.com slash trippy account
I'll put a link at the end of this video
and in the video description if you want
to check that out if you're like you
know curious on if you should get it or
not I kind of like it I explain what I
like about it and what's kind of
confusing but if you want to check that
out all you nerds you nerdy nerds out
there like me you can go geek out over
there I need to go outside I've been
inside all day Ali's been shaking her
booty somewhere for Zumba Zuma whatever
that is called and I think she took my
car so I don't know let's just go to the
dog park is when I go there
okay let's just do that take a look at
this car it's like that is burning oil
or something not good
like it's mozi hello mmm what is it this
episode plays that ultimate you guys
want God do you guys remember group X do
you remember group X yeah okay it's like
the people who did like you would give
me his power on soccer team they did the
Mario Brothers one the one that's like
he's played she could shake this round
because I thought I did today
get them for Super NES ooh everybody got
leaves like I got this new game co-op
Muriel twins they look the same somebody
on internet land oh so I'm talking about
that was like do the era of group X they
were so funny and they did that 55
they're like girlfriends age 55 my IQs
55 Rachel's like you're an idiot
just like what a fake this is real
internet prove it on the internet it
must be real just trot my phone
face-first onto the pavement but unlike
an iPhone it didn't break
so look at that HTC is good for
something phone's not breaking now we're
going to fire house since our stable and
I have nothing else no soliciting or
rollerblading all right watch this guys
they know my horn ready
see isn't it gonna find they actually
with a stick go they actually know the
horn like if you do with several cars in
a row and beep the horn
it will only freak out on my horn it's
kind of crazy we had to go to firehouse
we couldn't get any other selves but I'm
excited to see what flavors they have
what should I get
oh it's not as cool as the other one
they used to have them on the wall
already partially demolished this hold
on I have to show you what she's rolling
this is how far I've gotten from what
you saw I'm gonna hurl I'm gonna puke
I'm probably about to puke
okay Carly is fighting is it hard for
the anchor look at her look at her
biting your ankle ankle biter oh god you
guys what what what what what what what
in the butt what what in the butt what
did you do then what what else what else
where where did you go where'd you go
okay now the ultimate taste test see if
you like the juice it's catch okay drink
a real sip be a man they're watching a
scary movie whoo great Alice I could go
to sleep for like another week she gets
really freaked out don't tell her I told
her that we're told you guys that I
should say leave the little birdie alone
it's hunting for a fish but I just got
an idea I know what they can do we can
do I have this old camera
I think this still works I found this
old camera one of my first cameras and
it has night vision remember one every
camera had like really cheesy cheesy
night vision is this it this one doesn't
have it where the heck is it found it
the other day everyone I film over I
fell I fell down the shelving look at
this one this was my first cameras too
it's like three times the size of what
I'm holding my hand oh look at this are
you kidding me they were generous enough
to give me a 8 megabyte card is this it
sweet found it I'm gonna set this up for
them okay so get ready for this I'm
going to switch till old school
TV footage right now so no more 1080p
well it'll still be you'll have to
adjust the settings but I'm gonna switch
in the night nice shot let's see here
turn the light off
is it working
can you guys see me a night vision I
really don't like scary movies because I
always freak out and think they're real
pilots do this oh we're gonna do the
division on the air now is that Jenna
Fischer
he's Garrett you know Lucy that's what
the other guy did
now
No
that freaked me out let's go check it oh
my god they helped him out oh my god
why so got hurt himself
what
oh boy
this
who does that you come on get to the
good part let's just down it's like
Paris Hilton can its freaky freaky stuff
whatever having a basement what about
the Attic she'll believe me if anything
ever happened
so be honest how many people got freaked
out with the whole night vision it's
really funny because I don't remember
I don't think modern cameras have night
vision because it looks so bad if you
guys have any ideas what we could use
the die efficient camera like I was
thinking maybe like a drunk gaming
episode with like a really scary video
game but we don't know of any like scary
video games or something like that you
actually don't tell Holly but I think
hidden cameras that would be perfect for
that so Shh don't tell her maybe I'll
use it give me some ideas how I can
prank her with it that would actually be
really good she has to watch these once
they go up yeah she doesn't watch it so
let's do something CTFxC let's conspire
let's conspire didn't you start the vlog
today in the bathroom well you know
we're gonna do we're gonna we're gonna
end the vlog the same way we started
okay I'm gonna brush my teeth good I
knew that I would see like I promise if
you guys are interested in my opinions
on the new Final Cut Pro 10 you can
click right here and check it out on
youtube.com slash trippy so if you're
interested in some gadgets and nerdy
awesome stuff yeah you'll click it
you'll click it alright enjoy guys I
will see you tomorrow good night
worse
giddy with child trippy
