I think it's official capture programs
are getting out of control
I cannot read does anyone can anyone
translate that for me so I can type it
in I need you to translate that for me
right now it's a captcha program I have
to type in is that that's Japanese right
I mean I've seen that one to play this
is it may look like kanji what am I
supposed to do this is like the worst
they have a reload button right here
let's do it let's do this please type
everywhere you hear with a space between
each word Thursday once again the word
that's even creepy
do they say plane yeah it's confusing
because you could have it spelled two
different ways so that's true
is it playing as a bland or in the
airplane why would you have to fail what
is what is this I hit the reload but
that's other Wow I need glasses
so yeah last night I had to walk all
over the place because I forgot my car
battery was I was dead well this I think
it's my car battery here's something
funny I have never changed a car battery
never have done it in my entire life the
others did not even have a wrench in my
makeshift do we have a wrench we don't
have a wrench so we have to go buy one
we need to get a wrench in wrench you
have a lot of screwdrivers for screwing
and hammers for hammering yeah so I I
don't know really necessarily how to
change the battery so I've been looking
online I've been literally googling how
to do it I just found out to take the
the negative side first and then you
have to put it on last so that could
have been bad I could have blown up the
car does this make me a super nerd this
is how I'm learning how to do I could
have I could have paid attention when my
dad tried to explain it to me I was a
thunder if she are you blocking her so
we can't go well let's try one more time
I doubt it's gonna work yeah that's not
gonna work
all right so we got to do left we got to
do the negative first okay don't drop it
huh I think this is too small no it's
too small
could you you're such a man man go manly
man go oh it's not like Santa Claus the
whole house dropped it that would not be
bueno changing a battery I blow manly
now Cooper manly we're doing a
sweetheart on oh well that's not gonna
help but something's going on why is it
coming off
oh I didn't even have to take that other
thing off them yeah you just lift it out
now wait you you want to do it huh you
want me to do it right
oh this is different only this is
different okay I need to do that stupid
attachment ah
curse you rain wrenching ranch and ranch
in ranching being manly I know look I
got grease on my hands got a hurry it's
starting to rain I thought it was a
spider on me do you think like mechanics
like if they're like working on
something in the spider and they're
afraid of spiders they go
probably not credibility look at that we
successfully took it off and then put it
back on I'm gonna have them test it all
right
maybe that magically did it it's alive
only because I jumped it very hot stuff
okay so batteries what do you think they
keep their double-a you think my car is
a double-a or triple eight wait you know
what we might need a 9-volt that 9-volt
battery of the d-a-d cell we need to t
sell this is like the most foreign store
ever
for me like I know what none of this
stuff does that's why you're here Alice
the tool lady she's the tool time she's
Heidi we're just gonna call Ally Heidi
from now on do you think we can get a
discount for this one
okay plane motor oil
80% motor oil look at that it's so much
better
you jerk the twenty-seventh will be the
delivery date honor has come from the
factory inside is that good or bad
what's 5:40 mean that good freeze cool
what will results be that answers it No
yay new battery so we just changed the
battery for the first time ever first
first for everything now I can just like
a look back a bit you remember that one
time we change the battery it's a good
time it's good day pretty pretty pretty
she smoked you
what
so awesome
it's pretty cool
whoa
that is silikal
this meds are being the plan on that
oh you still wanna be a storm chaser
whenever something we're chasing one now
get it know what I mean like tornadoes
big twister like Helen Hunt you wanna be
like I could be a Bill Paxton
I'll be here I'll be your bill paxton
Viera Valentine it's for balling fruit
to make fruit balls I'm gonna make some
fruit balls problem solve problem solve
all right watch what it does the
lightening above look at it it's like
back to the future with little clock
clock tower clock Lauer the clock tower
guys I can't speak so today marks the
glorious day Final Cut Pro X came out
and member I was talking about a couple
days ago we're like I guess they're
gonna get rid of rendering times so I'm
going to uh I gotta get this I gotta get
this app I cannot wait for the nut like
no rendering huh I was talking to you
like Phil I guess he said that he
exported a 1080 1080 P clip then like 40
seconds now especially since we do vlogs
I wonder how long that's gonna take the
render I cannot oh is it downloading you
know what it feels like every time
something new comes out it's like every
fanboy Apple fanboy does it's so funny
it's just like basically it's like do
you want my money Steve you want my
money just take my money it's kind of
like that Futurama episode when fry does
this you remember that remember that
episode good one download quicker down
little quicker download quicker oh I
actually wanted to show you guys two
videos too okay so everyone we were at
the Rise of the Planet of the Apes thing
in California it wasn't like a weaker
week or two ago they're released -
pretty awesome videos of apes doing
pretty much like human-like things
there's this one where a gorilla
actually walks upright like walks like
upright not hunched over here I'll show
it to you see if I can get it uh gorilla
walks upright it's so weird
alright
isn't that weird and it begins ok so
that's really cool and there's another
one okay and then here's the other one I
want to show you a chimpanzee a Japanese
science documentary they taught how a
chip how to play far cry 2 so like a
first-person shooter see unfortunately
have no idea what she's saying
I'm just watching this dude like pone
all these noobs
isn't it pretty awesome he's probably
better than I am ally you should put
that chimpanzee for drunk gaming if you
can beat them really cool if you guys
want to watch these guys I knows and
very good clarity if you want to watch
them up with the links in the sub bar
below so go check them out apes will
take over the planet I actually wonder
well what do you guys think in the LA as
well in the comments will robots aliens
or apes take over the planet first what
do you think apes will take over the
planet first I think I think robotic
alien apes will take over the planet
first that's that's the real danger
right there it's still downloading I'm
gonna go make some food Oh Ally's is to
be shot ally for the first time why are
you dancing
this is really cold and my hands are
burning are you beating your meat I'm
squishing to me I'm squishing and
seasoning it guys
man up I think everyone just went deaf
yeah there we go
so what are you making I'm making a
spicy meatball ah
we're switching it up instead of me
cooking every single time I'm making
ally do it is this your cooking dance
I'm so happy for you guys
you look good so she's like look at me
I'm gonna go play guitar in a new metal
band Funyun yeah look at me she's like
no I'm ashamed
these actually are goofy but they work
apparently there's like some other
homemade like remedies that you could do
to avoid it like put water under your
eye on your eyebrows or something you
guys know I'm popping up yeah I don't
know tell me in the comments some crazy
onion remedies cuz I even remember the
last time you guys were telling me and I
was like what really you burned them
that's okay
they're not burned you might want to
maybe just turn the heat down a little
bit
don't be sad sad what's in it
Wow almost was my toe that was like hey
anyone need a bone for this recipe
because it's described my feet jus you
guys jealous
look at this doesn't that look delicious
what's your favorite type of melon the
female melon drip it on me the melon the
watermelons peeing on me I'm gonna start
doing this thing every morning yeah if
you guys want to do this with me I'm
gonna try to at least have one bowl of
fruit every morning and then that way I
start off the day the healthy way you're
done and done and done done good see now
you can cook from now on I retire do you
make my cooking that's a yes
so finally we have a bit of nice dinner
at our dinner table
okay I'm gonna truth if you like my
cooking don't do that it's really good
tell ya fancy a little bit of advice if
you guys are upgrading to the new Final
Cut Pro X make sure to save your file
from Final Cut Pro 7 I was in the middle
of just finishing up the vlog for today
and it started installing this right
apparently what happens is that doesn't
let you do like old files so for example
here's the 21st it makes it all weird
like this
so if I click it's like whoo there's no
such thing this doesn't exist you're
going crazy so I'm having to transfer it
over to my laptop which I didn't upgrade
yet so just a little bit of advice but
I'm starting to play with it right now
and it does kind of look like iMovie a
little bit I mean obviously so this is
kind of like iMovie on steroids what
I'll do is I'm gonna goof around with it
for a little bit and just kinda see like
familiarize myself a little bit like see
if I can find some of the shortcuts and
I guess if you guys want let me know in
the comments if this is something you
want maybe I'll do like a quick review
for those people that are on the fence
and I'll upload it on the youtube.com
slash Trippi account it's kind of give
you guys my opinions and cuz I is final
cut I've been using cut Final Cut Pro
for like four or five years and this
right now makes me feel like I know
nothing like it's all completely changed
I don't know maybe I'll do like a little
review or something but right now I got
to see if I can save this vlog cuz it's
gonna use oh there okay alright there it
is there's the vlog that you were just
watching party guys well I will see you
tomorrow
with y'all trippin
don't forget
