got a dance yeah internet on the grab
pattern bad ways so we are going down
it's even worse add the second time now
each I'm off to ship shirts again today
also do you hear the hurricane-force
winds so I just took Racine and Eric to
the tire place because her car had some
trouble got a flat tire which is
horrible but I also secretly left in it
because they say infection a also I
thought about this yesterday while we
were at IKEA what are Swedish we both
actually made out of this is it
or is it turkeys at small young Swedish
children I don't know oh boy
Canada cheese I just dropped the shirts
off
and I had to take back one of the shirts
because there was shipping to Canada and
as of yesterday no as a couple things to
go for you guys as of as of Sunday I
believe the USPS is no longer accepting
any mail to Canada because their postal
union is on strike right now so yeah I
feel bad but I can't send you anything
unless I they'll just take a trip should
we do that should we just fly up to
Canada with all the merch that's
supposed to go to Canada for the next
couple weeks and just hand-deliver it to
you guys I feel so bad I'm so sorry I
wish there was something I can do but
don't worry if you ordered from Canada
it will be coming to you as soon as the
USPS informs me that I can ship to you
come on help mommy deflates a bit right
here go out there come on up there oh hi
yeah come on joy get ready oh you can do
with an air bed oh I'm sure they will
quick everyone inside that's coming for
us don't care
does anyone care there's a robot out
there don't open the door it's a mini
Terminator so don't it'll get you ah
right there he's right there
fact he terminates dust particles
I think it's leaving
don't worry Ally I will save you oh I
I'll save you the robot come on Ally we
have to go we have to go with believer
we have to leave her Zoe yeah no okay
fine you just told me to leave you make
up your mind what what so you don't go
out there yeah
don't go yeah yeah coast is clear
don't worry about it nothing out here oh
no I will fight you I will fight you run
guys leave me leave me the nine no wait
it's leaving
I'm alive I'm alive oh and I need to go
outside I'm boy when robots attack trust
me guys
it'll happen trusting your toasters and
your microwaves is your vacuums Google
Skynet it'll it'll rise it'll rise this
was to be on the good side we'll be on
the side of the robots wait you're not
supposed to be in here
you're squeaking that too much oh crap I
got a real injury and carpet burn son of
a monkey hurts that's right you better
run oh man so I was just reading Twitter
and a lot of people were just at
replying me a bunch of links apparently
Ryan Dunn the one with the big bushy
beard from jackass I got a really really
bad car accident last night or this
morning or something like that and died
it's kind of really it's gonna be really
really awful if in fact he was drinking
and driving and then that's what caused
the crash not only because you know
drinking and driving is incredibly
incredibly stupid and I firmly believe
that if you do it you're an idiot I
refused to get in the car if somebody's
been drinking and driving I refuse to
ever do it myself just because you know
yeah you're gonna kill yourself but you
could potentially kill some innocent
person which you know like I said I
don't want to jump to conclusions
because I guess there was somebody else
in the passenger seat I don't know if he
was driving or they were driving
somebody whose this was their profession
essentially be a stunt man you only mean
like Ryan Dunn the guys in jackass were
stunt men to go out and a horrific crash
like this as a result of stupidity as
like this drinking and driving I don't
know it just sucked so bad because Ryan
Dunn was actually my favorite jackass
member as you guys know I'm like I've
been a fan of jackass when it was called
CKY I mean this is a long time ago and
this sucks because you know it just
it doesn't need to happen you only mean
like people should be smart enough not
to do it I don't know I truly hope for
the sake of like his memory that he
didn't wasn't that dumb what are you
guys thoughts do you guys even know who
Ryan Dunn it if you've never seen
jackass I granted it's not for everybody
it's worth a watch I mean the real
reason why I want to talk about this is
yeah I know it's Brian done it does suck
that he died but the thing is the
message I want to say to you guys is
don't drink and drive just call a cab
spend the extra twenty bucks to get home
on a cab call your friend your friend
would much rather you got a call at like
4:00 in the morning to pick you up
rather than find out you know that
you're dead without rambling too much
just want to get over you know and say
please don't drink and drive please
don't do it if you do I will find you
and I will kick your butt yeah that's it
that's enough serious Charles but while
we're on it was to sharing time so what
is your favorite for those jackass
fanatics like I am what are some of the
favorite Ryan Dunn skits from CKY or
jackass tell me in the comments and
we'll we'll share his memory that way
dude what are you rolling in
catch it good catch where in the world
is Marley San Diego can anyone spot
Marley somewhere in the bushes did
anyone see her yet because I can't seem
to find her where in the world is Marley
San Diego where is she if you guys see
her just click on the section of the
video and we'll go investigate a little
interactiveness going on alright just
click on the section of the video where
you think she's at Zoey come out of the
closet Zoey she pulled out a gun
South Park episode ever
let's go get out of closet alright so
how many people out there actually have
their iPhone jailbroken I wanted to show
you guys this okay hold on this is
really cool guys I'll show you how much
time it's kind of really funny because I
don't think I spend a lot of time
texting or emailing but I guess after
like a couple weeks to kind of
accumulates and this app it's like four
jailbroken sort of apps that so if you
have a jailbroken iPhone just using
Cydia just look for apps tat so let's
see how they load it up okay so I just
click it right there and check this out
it'll show all the top okay so yeah text
messages I've spent almost four hours
emailing almost three on the phone
almost 11 hours he's twittering replying
to comments about two hours replying to
comments in the past week and a half so
yeah it's kind of three minutes on app
stats so I just thought I'd show you
guys it's kind of kind of a cool little
app if you have a jailbroken app
download that little thing and then tell
me in the comments your your top three
Oh who's that
oh and Ruby says hi CTFxC oh boy yeah
tell me the top three apps and how much
time you've wasted because if we kind of
in search they see if you guys back beat
four hours
oh man that's crazy already guys we're
going on an adventure my car still won't
start and Ali's car won't start
and I'm hungry we're gonna walk through
the store look we're like scavengers
we're looking for food the old-fashioned
way with feet
I need the like fashioned like a stick
and make a spear and just spear my
chicken breasts in my turkey leg
and my American cheese this is kind of
cool actually kind of reminds me of
college because my place when I was my I
guess with my freshman sophomore year
and my junior year I was like super
close to campus and I walked everywhere
so this is kind of like a throwback
alright guys well we didn't make it to
Publix in time so I went foraging and I
found some nuts
so we're foraging now he's got some
almonds I feel like I'm camping on the
side of the road how much look like a
crazy person right now just squatting
next to the road or the giant light at
my face and just talking to myself
it's okay what else am I gonna do a long
walk can't believe I missed it like that
that sucks
need some berries get like crunch
berries does that count
does that count as roughing it I was
about my almond you know what's even
funnier there's a group of people right
now at the bus stop bus it's like like a
little bit of clock at night right now
bus stop is definitely not operating and
they're just like in here I'm talking
they're like what does that do do it
over there that fire just like dance
around my underwear eating almonds and
crunch berries
on the side of the road I'm reenergized
and to make the walk home I'm not gonna
lie guys it's a little bit spooky
don't doing doing turn yeah dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun I'm home
victory I agree I agree
ahh oh my god success success oh I gotta
take a shower too much I know I know I
agree it was way too much forging is
just overrated I know I tried to go to
the grocery store but they were closed I
tried that too jeez God nag nag nag nag
nag how was I supposed to get you dog
treats the grocery store was closed all
I could get was like peanuts I'm sorry
I'm sorry I'm just I guess I failed I
failed I apologize
what are you doing drinking all your
water huh
to be an ally
you
