hey good morning guys trying to upload
yesterday's skin if you didn't know oh
you trying to get in a shot huh
you try to get the shot over there evil
building so Eric and Christine are
rarely ever in Tampa and the first place
Ali thinks of to take them is IKEA it's
your first time she's like oh we gotta
go it's like Ali's favorite place ever
you could live here oh my god actually
hey IKEA IKEA if you're watching this or
any your marketing team will live there
for a week my favorite let's see it's
they're not anti slam if you do hard
enough oh my god it is jeez Elly's like
selling us on everything this looks so
uncomfortable
yeah I should just do this as people
walk around the corner just like stare
at them
they've never ate that
getting dizzy oh you're doing all the
ballerina trick and ninja trick you
having fun are you shopping okay that's
looking good just kind of like they've
run into stuff yeah you're like a
cheeseburger at a fast-food joint
see you guys later robots working oh
it's coming for your Zoey
is that another cranial accessory let's
see this one yeah that one's cool I like
that Allie inter-cranial accessories
well Christine just headed back to
Tallahassee and we're back on the road
we're gonna go meet up with our family
because this Father's Day today is
grandpappy father's Foggia day every
time we drive I'm able to like catch up
on comments and stuff and I was reading
it you guys really seem to like the skit
on the Charles Trippy channel so I'm
really really happy but you know really
I'm really stoked that everyone really
liked it you know the guys from brewing
the Internet really really like reading
all your guys you know positive comments
I'll put only getting into this video if
you didn't know it was there that I
uploaded it but yeah no I'm glad you
guys understand like everyone's like I
don't get it but then everyone else is
replying back like there's nothing to
get and you guys get it
marlee almost got another squirrel I
think probably the same one look at look
at determination on her face climate
look at you
barley in a tree look at you she doesn't
want to she should we call the firemen I
was using my dogs why would you find
it's over there somewhere
okay well we trying to get her down but
she started climbing the trees some more
she's actually she doesn't want to get
down she keeps like moving around she's
like a little billy goat don't worry
guys she's properly supervised we'll
catch her if anything happens she keeps
climbing up higher Wow dude I'm down
here so I can get you come on good girl
there is see him guys okay Marley now
which way did he go which way did he go
this is really entertaining I never
realized how natural Marley was up in a
tree I know she's so good up there don't
worry everyone but we're keeping a very
close eye
I think Ali's gonna fall out of the tree
before Marley maybe a bus okay ready
yeah all dirty go
she knows that's where the squirrel is
it makes so much sense the way that
Marley is able to go all over the the
couches okay makes sense does she be
able to climb a tree have you ever seen
a dog in a tree before I've never ever
ever seen a dog in a tree it seems so
simple
everyone please don't put your dog in a
tree Marley is a trained professional
she's part squirrel remember she's dog
squirrel
remember if you have no idea what dog
squirrel is here's here's the link just
click right here just click a annotation
and you can watch what dark squirrel is
dog squirrel chase and dog squirrel
chasing the squirrel chasing the
squirrel to do the entry should this be
part two of dogs squirrel next time we
come here we need to oh we should get
her a parrot costume or just bring this
dog squirrel costume I think I want to
go over here it's like a kid it's like
nope nope - hi look how good she is up
there well I guess we're the first
people that I really ever show you guys
the dogs swimming six feet under water
and a dog climbing in a tree we got some
pretty special animals she's just like
out of control I know yes she doesn't
even what if I just move right now she
doesn't even know if this is stable this
is me a tree my mark can you come back
over here and show the internet what you
do can I come right here come right here
that's good you're a treehouse
yeah she definitely wants to be there
geez take her down she really wants to
go back up okay get ready let's go
people welcome back Ali slashed their
tires though they had to come back so I
was reading on Twitter and you guys are
very very observant all right let me see
if I get this this is yesterday's video
when I was ending it and when you see
this what do you guys think do you think
during the Italian flag because that's
the green screen oh my god so many
things interrupting
we got the green screen and then we got
the white wall and then the red curtains
it's kind of funny the shaking the
booties
all right go be duck somewhere see you
guys later
by July August it's focused a copyboy
that's so good
always focus whoa almost hit him in the
head there's my dad over there under the
giant windmill structure
alright guys say it's a pretty adventure
I cannot believe Marlee can climb a tree
that is pretty impressive well anyway
it's time to go to bed yeah if you guys
are one of the countries that actually
celebrates Father's Day I know there's a
few of them that don't happy Father's
Day
Padres you know go high-five your dad
yeah so we're gonna go to bed and then
the morning fix Eric and Christine's car
take it though so they can't a
replacement tire since Ali went and had
to go slash their tires do you miss the
skit yesterday that I uploaded there's
some creepiest stalker ever just click
right here on the screen please go check
it out it's one of my favorite ones that
we've done and it's like super dramatic
but it's overly dramatic it's it's
really good I like it and it has like
Ali and my friends from ruin the
Internet and it's a fun skit so please
go check it out send it to your friends
and I hope you guys like it it was
really fun to definitely fun to shoot so
I will see you guys tomorrow good night
enjoy the video and get some sleep if
you're watching this the middle of the
day have a good day
with child trippy
really
