good morning good morning Zoey morning
oh wait did you bring the GoPro Oh whoo
that would have been an interesting
morning interesting way to start it off
all right cue intro Internet good
morning guys
yeah look at this on the road currently
on the road we're traveling to a an
event in Orlando like a like a race or
sports event over in Orlando where Eric
is going to be running actually you guys
are going to be running in the race too
on his head and we're currently in the
back seat where was Marla oh there she
is
finally is feeling a lot better everyone
concerned about her pudgy face the
swelling went down
we gave her benadryl he ever better go
right and she's feeling a lot but I feel
really weird being like a hobby
interstate in the backseat I know I have
this isn't that the case since I was
like
fifteen yeah I know I don't think I've
been in the backseat on the interstate
so I just like do this and mimic driving
on the opposite side of the car now you
have to keep you have to keep your hands
on the wheel yeah but I get to fake it
out yeah yeah I don't think he's always
liking the fact that we're taking their
spots Marley's down on the ground and
Airstream alright to make this quicker
we're just gonna time-lapse our travels
so it's like you're gonna be super fast
I like how they totally just isolate
skateboarders yeah they're fine long
boards are okay bicycles are okay
Healy's questionable no fun allowed at a
rest stop serious business
peeing get out you ready to run
apparently they started early step one
step one step two what's step three I've
got some competition over there I don't
know she looks like a wrestler doesn't
she it's like and she's got like yeah
it's like a silver
I guess that's her championship belt up
there's some guys doing some crazy thing
for you guys that's cool oh wait no
they're doing for him I thought they
were doing it for you guys okay going on
Erik's head now it's recording
Oh where's their car there's Eric right
there and there you guys are
that's you Internet you're right there
where's our championship lady oh we lost
her
where's Ally did we lose her then one
spot ally anywhere all right so that's
the course and I was there like I don't
know
big giant balls well guys I don't know I
guess my GoPro the battery is completely
shot as you can see it's not working and
I fully charged it yesterday so son of a
bitch go red shorts
sorry about the GoPro guys this is just
as good though up
the second one in back
guys flip tires
you could do it you should put it on its
side and just roll it
I'm not selling any just Angeles Times
oh no we gotta go run dry so I this is
my go go go now we feel like we're hey
hey Ally you gotta have faith got that
faith yeah real man carry sledgehammers
need some flannel and a beard now you're
gonna go change the tire but you you
forgot where you parked your car so you
gotta take it back
just keep going there's more big crap
this is I'm exhausted just watching okay
like a gymnast like a gymnast there we
go
what is this what go against every
natural instinct go in a plastic bag
hey good deed for the land you got a
medal
yeah you got a medal and everything I
was lip-syncing you had to go sing gonna
show me up yeah just show me up with
your beautiful voice my way yeah just
talk about them
oh really I think that should be our
first dance it's my way my way I'd like
going to the women's restroom I can't go
there
what's following him in I wasn't paying
attention I'm bummed that the GoPro
didn't work but I guess I gotta send it
back because I have such bad luck with
cameras yeah have you guys ever done one
of these like fun runs obstacle course
things I know there's one really cool
one it called like the Warrior Run where
you go through all the mud and stuff
like that I think we should definitely
do that I think Ali and I definitely
need to do that eventually but this
looks it looks good at East when you
look at it you're like oh that looks
pretty simple right so I got a cover-up
thought because it starting to get a
little windy it's gonna blow a little
harder but I mean it looks kind of
simple right but then once you key
factor in it's like a hundred degrees
and then you kind of you can see the
wear and tear and that guy's gonna go
bye-bye me it's super loud super
obnoxious why does the golf cart need to
be gasoline it's a little looks awesome
boys staring at me here this place is
very judgmental
we're is very judgmental at this place
hit the camera here I throw it to the
internet catch good catch
alright guys a little interactiveness
gotta click on the frisbee for me to
throw it click on it I'm serious
you have to click on it I'll he's
waiting come on guys
fine nobody gets to play now
all right here goes good throw Internet
good throw to those who just waited for
this to play for shame okay let's go
now you're at a classic place when you
go to bubblicious barbecue you can sell
your gold get some pizza and get your
cash cash checks wait I said that
backwards check cashed there we go it's
an awesome place oh thank you sir
well you did exactly what I did the
other day but you did with water I did
it with paps oh she's leaving a mess
I guess just in case you forget how to
wash your hands I will I will you should
do that for a food challenge you should
do it maybe a pickled egg would you do a
pickled egg it's so good it's so gross
it's funny isn't it guys that the other
day I actually broke something and now
Ali Ali broke something like the next
day he was really mean to her but it's
okay
yeah you did this she did it on purpose
is like you know what watch me break
this water he broke his water is water
revolution internet what does this mean
what is the circle mean on my phone your
dad should go into the RAF business it
looks like you peed your pants they are
they're like all right don't move
everyone just you know hold still jump
jump let's see if this is waterproof
ready Ali's track records like zero and
14 you really happens if you drop this
what happens if you drop the Internet I
like how that started off as a raft for
the dogs now you did like it's mine
whoa
dude you must be like nine feet tall
yeah totally cool you can see all the
handprints of these dirty hands I know
it's like people don't wash their hands
here that one totally just palmed it
CTFxC finally getting around to see
super eight super it not super four not
super two but super 8 I guess the next
one will be super 16 and then super 32
and then super 64 it's gonna be like a
trilogy Bart seriously hey guys you want
a gyro
so what did you think of the movie do
you like it Dennis yeah all right so
yeah oh yeah we just got to see super 8
and that was probably the coolest movie
that I've seen in a long time especially
okay the coolest part was when
and then all of a sudden
oh and that one part with the girl and
then all of a sudden
it was so awesome it was it was
definitely pretty awesome to see so if
you ever get a chance to go see it and
stay for the critics goodnight goodnight
alright guys well we just got back it's
time to go to bed I'm just gonna finish
some editing as I promised you guys
today as you're watching this on the
Charles Trippy channel a brand new skit
you know that skit that we shot with
ruin the internet and California I guess
it was a week ago it's live so actually
you know what we could do this we could
just put it on the screen we could put
it right here on the screen the green
screen you can click right here and
check it out I want everyone to go check
it out and see how many romantic
comedies or drama Dee's that you can you
can find in the video it was even
equipped with bloopers trust me there
were there were a lot of bloopers we had
to make an entire separate video
just for that so yeah just click right
here and check it out it's on my main
channel youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
if you're not subscribed or didn't even
know I had that channel we do a lot of
skits over there so click right here go
check it out go subscribe we're gonna
start doing more skits hopefully over
the summer and things like that we got a
couple other cool videos coming out over
there so go check it out
show some love and I'll watch the
bloopers cuz yeah they're fun so I will
see you guys later I have to stuck my
little workstation because Eric your
steen are gonna go to bed in my office
so I got a lot of work to do
it's gonna be an all-nighter I'm gonna
pull an all-nighter so this is live if
this is not live right now that means I
failed you and you you guys have to come
up with a punishment if it's live that
means I've succeeded and you have to go
watch it alright guys I will see you
tomorrow goodnight and Marley are you
ready yet Marley's are in a bed oh the
battery's flashing on this too so
obviously you guys well enjoy the video
good I guess
yes
with tripping
you
