welcome to today's episode of CTFxC i'm
toby turner and i'm inside hi guys
internet okay your care workhorse cuz i
got all dressed up because we have
surprise guest having today for the show
later oh is this supposed to be
surprised i told him yesterday you told
everyone yeah I did oops those are my
shoes just show me your heels show me
how small they are d I'm California I
left him at the hotel Charles gonna snap
my shoes every my workhorse go
everyone's been asking why I haven't
been wearing sandals is because I left
them in California stop nice dancing
nice move look at marleys face Marley
look over here look up pudgy it is she
got stung by a bee or a wasp you can see
her eyes I know what was that you enjoy
eat my finger I'm setting up the green
screen and I'll glad to film some more
things over here and oh and true door
alert and more alert whoa whoa what so
Ali went to the store to get Marley's to
maybe some benadryl because you can see
how poufy it there hey I'm trying to
talk you're being obnoxious yeah it kind
of besides a little bit less swollen but
your eyes are still poufy poor Marley
you just can't catch a break lately I
love having this giant green screen it's
like it's so cool like when you walk in
you just see this mountain of greenness
right when you walk and see this is like
what you see see it's like oh oh is this
the office Oh show me the office oh hi
guys let's go look at the office BAM
green green this they can teleport you
to any any place in the world BAM you
know where we're at we're on the Great
Wall of China you see that I'm going to
be doing this a lot in the vlogs just
because the fact it's fun for those
people are afraid to travel on an
airplane or a ship or something like
that just get yourself a green screen
and take photos of yourself in front of
those green
screen and in the background just put
places that you want to see but you're
too afraid to get on the airplane for
that long like maybe I'll just go I want
to go to Australia but I can't I don't
think I can do that 15-hour flight so
let's go to Australia let's go to
Australia ready ready see look there's a
kangaroo there's a giant kangaroo if you
got my head all right so I always coming
back she's gonna help me film this and
Christine and Erica coming and then
we're gonna go do some stuff we're gonna
go do some stuff and some things and
it'll be fun all right so I always come
back she's gonna help me film this and
Christina and Erica coming and then
we're gonna go do some stuff we're gonna
go do some stuff and some things and
it'll be fun it's kind of crazy to think
about a world we're nearing 800 days
straight vlogging uploading every single
day haven't missed one day eight hundred
days just think about how many hours
I've spent editing not only on business
channel but Ali's channel the iphone
channel and the Charles Trippy channel
that's crazy I don't know how many hours
I would have been way too many to
calculate times I need to get a comfy
chair cuz my chair is starting to get a
little bit Haggard I need to start
wearing my glasses more often I put them
on I'm like oh so this is what the world
looks like when you can actually see all
right you get dog medicine oh yeah her
her right sides a little poufier oh or
left side spoofy oh she looks like a
chipmunk look at this she's even
behaving she knows that she's not
supposed to be in there but look at this
one this one's already burning up and
lava right now you all have lava boots
dude you have no lava boots you're not
megaman are you delicious go for it dad
 you ate a pill and you have no idea
victory five wait no you a peanut butter
on your break time holy crap is that a
snake is it dead I hope to got it yeah
it's dead it has no head it's a snake
without Hayley's first we see a snake
with two heads and now we see a snake
with no heads no heads no head on
there's a giant Jeff Goldblum fly on it
ha ha it stinks
does let go oh I was I didn't film it
but um we just left the dog park and all
of a sudden Zoe caught like a whiff of
something and started whining and
freaking out and I yeah I figured that
right here because they were freaking
out so bad we're gonna go hi oh hi oh
hiya we're taking a little road trip of
course we're in the car we're in Ali's
car cuz my car died we're gonna go
pregame for super 8 get what are you hi
hello personal problem i just checked in
to foursquare and look at your first
wings joined since you were at hooters
Santa Monica marks 2010 nothing nothing
at all that doesn't seem like a natural
color very unnatural color Wow
you're right there I got made fun of for
my blue drink I know it's that's how
delicious it was
don't lady in the tram style
what you didn't see a lady in the dram
oh I'm definitely the lady this is
alright i was calling us we have to do
this alright so we're going to see haha
a rewrite little look the comments is he
gonna win where am I gonna weigh in Eric
myself okay in the comments we're
playing foot all the way later we're
going to have a handicap though it's a
handicap all right you guys pick your
teams you're on my team right team eric
all right all right you go first but you
want the change or the dollar like the
corners you don't want the cash monies
for luck there we go get for the dollar
for fun it's a small price to pay for
fun
oh it doesn't even light on one foot
it's kind of it's kind of unfair because
it's completely pitch black over here
oh that was nice five four three two one
oh that's not bad that's not bad 30
that's way from beer yeah you have to
put them over to make a fair yeah we
have to make it fair oh wait keeps
coming back keep going back what a
dollar goes a long way nowadays stretch
that stretch it out he's not going to
win this come on
all right here we go who's gonna win
go everywhere everywhere you Jamie I
made it is oh they're coming up though
oh you beat me about walking by one
point the game good good day game sir
this guy right here at one point how
does that even work and go my to get on
Sonny he probably wanted style but you
know bottom line i did a couple
fadeaways put some mailman did you pick
the right team shut up always have faith
well we want to go next thank you right
there it's perfect right blanket why is
it parker CO plank go plank it yeah just
lay on it put your arms down don't you
this is yeah I just lay there lay that
really so we go girl wait we sup yes
that's an amazing parking job look at
this there we go good job
right now and shut off way too heavy
watch Star Wars I think that'll be
pretty sweet yeah alright so tomorrow
he's gonna be running in orlando right
it's gonna be a giant race so we're
gonna make him wear we're gonna make him
wear the GoPro so you guys could it's
like racing without racing should be
used to be out oh oh I don't know see
ears were in right now but should they
be in I feel like it has to be in
because otherwise it might like you know
aerodynamic right i feel like i might
catch some air with these things
although you might you might lift off a
little bit my help getting over like the
walls that's so funny alright guys well
actually you know what time it is you're
gonna be so proud of me it is 1230 it is
only 1230 and we're going to bed sorry
about the fans like oh my god oh my god
air anyway so it's 1230 we're gonna go
to bed tomorrow we're working out there
like six o'clock in the morning we're
gonna head over to Orlando and check out
the race that Eric's work they'll be
running in and you guys are gonna kind
of be my proxy could be running in it so
it's gonna be pretty interesting I can't
believe it I don't remember the last
time i went to bed this early i'm
actually really excited anyway i will
see you guys tomorrow get some rest it's
gonna be an awesome day
you
see what you did
wait
where's maybe a taxi
giddy with child tripping
where's with chakra finale
you
