good afternoon Internet yes I look crazy
as I always do with my coupe mask on my
face I have been non-stop doing things
that involve babies that's because
during Valentina and Danny a baby shower
I'm trying to get this all figured out
and prepared because it's coming up so
fast obviously you guys know this Jenni
Valentina are also having their babies
very very soon so char and I are in like
crazy baby mode right now trying to get
things ready and done plus my older
brother's having his baby shower in a
couple weeks and I'm getting more baby
stuff for them there's Babies everywhere
babies everywhere in this wall I wanted
to show you guys so far it looks like
not too bad
still working on it but it's looking
better than it did so I'm liking like
the couch over here we still have to
hang some stuff on the walls but we're
getting organized which is really nice
this is really sad see this whole
section right here so these I am
silvering thank-you letters for the
wedding I'm a little bit behind getting
our stuff for Jess and I'm making things
a little bit more organized there's a
lot more room in here we're still like
trying to figure out if we're going to
hang stuff on back on the wall or what
exactly we're going to do that shelving
up there we had a pain in the ass with
but we're gonna try and get that figured
out and there's some myself I'm actually
going to be leaving Charles and like I
don't have a watch on but like 15
minutes I have a Tuesday it's Tuesday
right
Monday Wednesday happy Wednesday that's
awesome that I have no idea what I'm
talking about starting off the day right
do my little jogs I walked the dogs for
mile and then I go running around for
about a mile twice a day right now is 94
cherrylle I didn't go for a walk well I
got it with chains I take a shower then
I have two piggy twerps over here to get
their shots you'll get your shot right
in the butt you cool with that who's
ready to go get shot in the butt that
was you convenient product placement
because dogs just wear hats all the time
I totally just didn't do that how about
you you're still wearing the M hat okay
there we go this is my day so far
consisting us
char because he's kind of like on a
mission today to get a few things done
he sent us down to Sarasota House to
kind of check calling to see how
everything's going kind of a show
Katelyn around a little bit cuz fans are
really hurt she we might be taking new
pictures which is really exciting and
we're kind of intertwining hers and
marlene's and like seeing what we can do
how big the house is looking it's so
crazy and then we painted this room just
so crazy to see how large the house is
without anything in it and then the echo
I know it's a little weird that I'm like
here without Charles I'm just trying to
help him out so that he can get an idea
cos I can't always come up here you
can't always get so my sister was like
so gracious to go down here with me from
enough on myself but this is also trips
custom I cut this off and look at that
I definitely I'm not going to lie I
definitely miss like being able to walk
out to that to you makes me want to move
back here and get here there but it
looks incredible it's just so beautiful
are you do this every time if I like
he'd not been here before
I'm always the strong one always the
skittish one it was still so bad temper
manatees they're cracking me up always
working more always working alright
we're out we're out go home
the second car seems are so happy no
crazy thing just asking my sister one of
the properties that she manages
hot on fire legit hot on fire and we're
raising that girl to get to them right
now that's crazy
it's not often that you hear that happen
to something that you don't think they
have it under control or today is the
day that we're preparing for the baby
baby shower for Valentina I was like you
better ward that correctly feeling for
the baby but Ali is throwing it's not a
secret emotion nose right I was throwing
a well anything she knows now a baby
shower for Valentina it's not a secret
no no otherwise I blew the lid off of
that be honest I don't think I've ever
been to a baby shower my loud at this
one yeah okay the other day do you
remember it like it was glue there's
this Elmer's glue and it was colored
like green and all that stuff the slime
when I got slimed the other day yeah
that one Jake whoo it smelled like this
but just colored glue and that's what I
remember
although that was a bucket list it was
pretty disgusting been careful there's
sparklers nothing like bottle rockets
they're not exploding with roman candles
but the sparklers
I think you're you're completely
ignoring the fact that it's a caution
for sparklers so we get to spend ones
I'm I think it's kind of noise yeah we
get the skin sick you want the cool fun
colors do you want to go like we should
do color-coded we don't need that many
colors you do this many yeah that's a
good amount but I could do 10 each other
you do this you'll need 40 of them or
eight eight Green Bank for today I can't
get over the fact of giving you a
warning about sparklers that caution
roman candles that caution explosive
that caution
what's another firework cherry bombs we
have you want bigger than sparklers
these are soft cocky you want that big
of one you want a smaller ha no stay
looking caught I hate shock shock is
like something I ate Chuck this that
noise for chocolate hey makes me cringe
it's our mantra sir is that a mantra I
don't think this pretty much is and are
saying was that August not other than I
think it played I don't look online look
over there we're gonna do that did you
somebody has a sense of humor
clean up on aisle see 19 I can go find
one probably since we can't take her
anywhere else when it comes by I think I
did it I guess that's what married life
is for take one for the team that was
all me
lesson of the day oh it's clean up after
yourself oh you what the guide nervous
she have to do it for me all the time
okay we're good I see us okay I take you
anywhere except for guess what you're
lucky you're hired
I did good
I was really dumb you're lucky you're
hot I deal with this how that crappy old
world
yes 40 you're not 40 milli 50 I mean I
was like there but I feel like I need to
add to this I don't know that's perfect
though I swear I swear like that I know
it seems like something I would have
done but I did not do that
sure no I like the other way put back
clip it yeah put it back but they don't
know what the word is now I'm putting it
back
I wonder what go through a time when
you're going by true I don't know like
secretly I feel like you're supposed
hard probably like the desert radiating
maybe the ironic situation like in
babies or they are intelligent but if
they're smarter than like I always say
for those you know people are talking
baby talk but like babies are more
intelligent than we actually think and
they comprehend everything just can't
speak what are these good old boob
sucker
are you hugging a diaper which one you
gonna get just disgusting to those
people college baby stuff all the time
of people News Channel that's the next
progression is this chill yep you park
great buddy wish then we could just
smack them just not a hard smack though
believe in violence which is the base a
little tap on the chin hey buddy hey
buddy
Freddie chuckles crazy she just do sit
down bud thank you I'm so excited to
have them back through the breakfast and
he's like I miss you man
I miss my ears cotton and my buddy mr.
and they're gonna put them instead baby
talk more to that dog I know usually
it's like I say baby talk I behave a
talking with almost couples siphons like
hell as a dance holy progresses become
more and more thing that's usually how
it works in the morning I feel better
when they afternoon that ring loli going
down but coming back I think honestly in
the years I've known Alli I don't think
I've ever heard you say be too tough go
baby
I well I won't I went to the dog all
three of us
oh you people do you think you and of my
dogs never sort of big shower first on
my personal before I mean alman and
visit do you play gate like what you do
what a baby I love good idea so I've
been to one or two baby showers and a
lot of my friends don't have kids like
some of them now but still like I can't
remember if there's like games that we
play it here's the game Allie
I don't think Ali invented but here's a
game out of every funny we put some sort
of drink it could be like like an
alcoholic drinker could just be water or
milk or something like that
put it in a baby bottle and have all the
guys so you can drink it like out of a
baby bottle the fastest yeah I did
definitely did invent that I actually
thought yeah I thought on Pinterest I
think look at that so I'm sorry I'm a
slight abb but look at that that right
there looks like it's a tornado coming
down and you'll see it there's a little
cone right here it is not one of those
before
Allah knows I've even over there I
remember a few years ago we had tornado
it's what I first started dating you I
think the tornados have sound in
downtown st. Petersburg and it was
really creepy yet you're a little
yelling stick God alright guys really
quick before I go to bed just want to
say thank you so much for watching
today's video really means a lot if you
just stumbled upon this video please
subscribe click the like button share it
with your friends all that fun stuff get
the good word out of the CPI XP and I
will see you guys smalls always have a
wonderful night
bye guys
