hey guys how's it going wait why am I
small wait what's that oh internet
penetration yeah guys that's just how I
roll I play with my Simon whoa that's a
play with my own doll that could have
sounded really bad actually playing with
your own doll kind of sounds pretty bad
too especially having a doll of yourself
it's kind of weird we're bored where's
dad so we in the face oh my god there's
smiley in the face all right joining the
fun okay also we have a couple of
hoodies these are damaged orders that we
are going to be putting on the website I
think we're gonna let you guys know
exactly how many there are it's like a
first-come first-served thing because we
don't have very many it's like limited
sizes and limited colors but we're gonna
put up there for you because you guys
been asking and we had them we were
debating as to whether or not want to
sell them but you guys asked for it will
sell them to you so they're going to be
discounted a little bit cuz that prints
a little messed up does anyone else get
the feeling the Sun is taunting me right
now stupid son you know what we should
do we should make like CTFxC dolls may
know nay CTFxC action figures that's
cooler just sounds way cooler errands
errands running errands errands errands
errands sucks not to be confused with
the name erinn erinn's with an e I need
to make a good collection of all the
stupid little jingles that I make can
make me a billion dollars one day one
day but the reason for my errands not
errands that uh Christine and Eric are
actually coming uh coming to hang out
this weekend so I know we missed them
and I know you guys cuz everytime I see
the comments they're like lemon juice to
Derek so they they're coming they're
coming at you at all I think we might go
to orlando or something like that i'm
not really sure what's going on but we
have to clean up the office cuz he has
been asking like Charles what why
haven't you done the apartment tour yet
that's the voice that's the voice I give
you guys I apologize if you're a female
I probably insulted you the reason is
because the office is totally a mess
right now and i have not had time to sit
down and clean it uh I gotta get around
to doing that both of us have you guys
always thought it was so funny that
walgreens and CVS are always like right
they're neck-and-neck like wherever
there's a CVS on across the street it's
always a Walgreens and vice versa so
funny to me it's like the CEOs like CBS
like her oh hey there there's gonna be a
walgreen on you know Johnson and Steven
street oh we better put one right across
the street totally blockade them and
what's really gonna funny to me is like
it doesn't matter which one it is i'll
go with the either 1 it's just a matters
like how easy it is to get to you don't
I mean like how how many turns do I have
to go to get into it so silly it's like
Starbucks I'm like every quarter I like
the Tampa mall there's like a starbucks
here and then if you walk down I'm not
getting like 20 feet there's another
starbucks it's ridiculous you actually
like this thing now okay well that's
cool yep you got a squeaky mouth again
oil choo choo choo choo choo such an
annoying noise who thought about that
like you know what that's like the devil
is that your new little little thing
harebell looks cool hey I like it
rushing to the post office again I don't
know how I keep doing this I mean I'm
still not used to the new mailing system
so i posted everything today if date and
it's now that time so i have to get
there in like 10 minutes otherwise i'm
going to shut the doors on me and i will
not be able to ship the stuff out and
then i'll be in trouble fingers crossed
he quote we hands on the wheel hands of
the wheel that person has a tiny bit of
spanish moss attached to the bottom of
it
oh man I go to start the car that
doesn't sound good that means that my
battery is dying it will not start the
car so I'm having Charles come and get
me this sucks as you saw from Ali's
footage my car for some reason I was
just driving the battery died so Andrews
gonna go and save the day because Ali's
car is dead too looks like we need to
get a bunch of batteries I'm just gonna
cut the alleys footage of her being
really frustrated now I'm so bummed but
there's a chinese restaurant right in
front of my car I can't believe it I
guess we need a new battery poor baby
it's out their own butts so Anna parked
in like the worst spots like right there
on the curb so we're gonna have a fuzzy
face come and drive his truck up here so
hopefully that'll be able to hop up on
the curb look at that they're still
steaming I guess they're really telling
the truth would say steamed dumplings
whoa hahaha you jealous only steamed
dumplings mmm ah the battery ferry I
don't know where is Ali were you at the
chinese place
geez II can't even tell it that says
yeah somebody knows blurry facebook all
right let's do this ok so these boys are
gonna push my car I'm not gonna hit
andruws car why aren't the brakes
working
what happens are going to stick my hand
in that
yeah I got a v6 in here that's why my
gasps uh-oh it's alive go team venture
go team venture here in the Android team
venture we saved Ali from a from a death
most certain a gruesome gruesome death
that would certainly have come yeah you
should have dang it oh this try mike is
gonna be possible just pull out you just
gotta you know what you do you go and
then you kind of just like hope nobody
hits you there's Andrew behind us are we
gonna hit him yeah we're crashing oh oh
now there's somebody behind you back up
anyway so they're gonna have to wait i
think i just died to get that on camera
ali bourbon bourbon like a man um yeah
so we have a lot more room in this
office and we did it on other place so
we're gonna set up the entire green
screen to take up this giant gonna try
to figure out what to do we have a lot
of frames and stuff but I feel like
having a giant awesome green screen
would be totally totally gnar tastic I
get my own I get my own little studio
office I'm excited oh you remember when
you saw what was that oh yeah your hip
oh no I landed right on my toe oh one of
the paintings damn it turns off screen
screen
here go in front of it going space alien
space where you want to be now that were
Jamaica Spain my house Zoe how are you
swimming underwater captain's Oh
Brannigan Marley watch out there's a
school behind you to your left keep
looking what's over here what's over
here what's up you up she's bored sorry
I'm here Zoe see Zoe there's an alien
behind you now there's another one okay
well stop it's really funny i've had
this green screen for like a very long
time oh hi are you scared so did
somebody say cheese and a squirrel
that's always a good job um when I first
got it though it was actually the same
time I got Marley like the same exact
like month and I don't know if they can
see it but there's a little p spot
somewhere on this and it basically yeah
she's totally peed on it well I got film
a video really quickly so I'll be right
back Zoe cigar e this is mine I got half
her food out okay all right all right
okay we're closing
are you serious nice job Charl get it
boy get it got my work done early yay
everyone needs to put on their Duke
Nukem vision right now it's getting dark
give the frisbee yes run away from the
frisbee oh no it's eating mud what's up
Callaghan hey chillin what's up up see
you later don't let him eat your finger
though I have to touch the inside my
fingers too fat huh she's Yuna fat
fingers hold on right very one insider
was doing this oh that is so cool like
I'm so hungry this lady keeps teasing me
too oh he's not gonna fall for your
games like nope I saw what you did to
the other ones oh yeah here we go he's
like I really don't want to
wait
where's the exe
giddy with just ripping
where's photography and Ally
you
