internet so they were doing fire alarm
tests and Marley free this morning the
fire alarm went off and I woke up trying
to find all the dogs and Ally make sure
everyone was ok and she was in the
shower my folding arm folding hands
she's gonna help with the merge today
yeah they're going off again where's
Marley nope she's in the shower again
Marley come here sweetie come on
what's good we're gonna do it a shower
your mom's freaking out so it went off
again Marley you can't be in the shower
do you mind giving her bath washes in
there get your feet yeah well it's the
thing while she's shaking again
Zoey's totally cool with Marley's the
Harley it's okay it just is not a doggy
day first there was alarms now there's
like huge lightning everyone okay
I think Lauren scared too everyone's
freaking out I know we need to get you
like a thunder there's like something
called like a thunder blanket we totally
have to get them Oh
yeah part should I think so he's not
gonna leave your side now what is this
little spat like little spot Zoey are
you losing your hair what's going on
going bald on your side ah I don't know
part is in the closet this is getting to
be annoying look what she did
Marley is that your new favorite spot
now you're freaking out it's okay relax
sorry guys some of the ruffle shirts
might have a little Marley here okay
keep hiding Zoey are you okay this is
what you call an annoying day is this
how you just found them okay I'm gonna
take him for a car all right I think
I'll take a car ride let's go for a car
ride guys this has been the most like a
stressful video slash day ever
yeah she just hopped back in it
she's out back in okay go she's ready
come on old lady jump it go lady you
know this is kind of funny cuz we
usually fight together in the bath and
now they're just you want to go for a
car ride let's go for a car ride you
want to go huh do you want to go for a
car ride
whoa she just did one of those like
cartoon things driving in the car
because my dogs aren't scaredy cat cuz
the alarm keeps going off I'll Drive
around and be bored
yes yeah that was that was like a three
I could have done better
here's a random question that I keep
seeing advertisements what's 4G LTE any
my techie CTFxC years know what that
means I'm just too lazy to use my Google
Iser right now plus I'm driving I
shouldn't do that
blufor works wait there's like nothing
there it's all empty flame let's go this
way you can find your food we gotta find
dog food
we're dog food no going back
and they found them I think this is dog
heaven err here today he's most
definitely a dog vlog that's for sure
okay hold on I don't know where we're
going check it out guys he's actually
learning how to swim without all his
fins
I am the fish whisperer I am officially
the fish whisperer I should say did you
see what I did
oh you have a heart on your head she has
no no dorsal fin he's barely he's got a
Nemo fin over here but he's learning how
to do it with just one
now the Charles is gone we're having
girly bread radio my mom singing all the
words sing it mom so excited I'm doing
just ignore my face and obey come on I'm
doing we have a new system of mailing
stuff to you guys and it is so exciting
it's gonna be so much better
oh so I'm so exciting I'm very excited
just just get excited with me guys be
excited hello
what do you want to eat I can't find
anything I'm at stuck at the store look
we can just like walk like this alley if
you just walk like this it's like you're
here shopping with me I think people are
gonna look at me weird though wookie
check out this dedication ally has not
left a spot all day long
shipping and postage makes ally
something something psycho crazy go
postal oh that's even better been a very
interesting day ally and her mom have
been doing everything to catch up on the
Merc since we've been traveling so much
I have to I had to edit like three
videos and then we were dealing with
fire alarms and crazy dogs there's a
very weird day this is a very weird day
and then we got you know hard day's
night on the Beatles in the background
I'm gonna go to gym I'm gonna work up
some some stress I don't know what I was
trying to say that oh you wanna hear a
funny story though oh I went to the
grocery store to pick up a couple things
at the grocery store I walked around the
corner and there was like a beer stand
that was a great on the corner and you
know me like like I'm just like I don't
know I'm not oblivious but I'm just kind
of I'm like ditzy I'm like a ditzy
blonde no I kind of dim sometimes when
I'm in my own world I'm just like lalala
but you out my ankle kind of my ankle of
my like my big strong legs kind of yeah
you like my pants she like that my big
strong leg just knocked the beer
that was on the corner granted it was
kind of dangly smashed it anyway
everywhere and
didn't bring the camera of course it was
in the car I felt really bad so I walked
over found a guy and I was like hey you
know I feel really guilty I knocked one
of your beard displaced a little bit and
I was like I'll pay for it don't worry
about it just tell me how much I owe ya
and the guy just walks over it looks at
the beer and goes it's PBR I'm not gonna
make you pay for that and he just walked
away
see awesome people I've never ever ever
ever broken anything at a store before
ever even when I was little age 26 I go
and break beer at a grocery store have
you guys ever done that like ran into
like a display and knock something down
have you ever done it be honest we don't
judge we don't judge in this circle I'm
so stoked he's swimming so much now
Andrew made a point maybe he actually is
dead but he's a zombie a fish we have
the world's first zombie fish all right
going Jim little scared there break
I'm screwed
holy crap she's freaking out isn't she I
know it's a freaked out phase right
there
Marley I'm in the computer Marley Marley
she's singing that's so funny
all right I'm gonna make a run for it I
think it's getting pretty bad oh yeah
time to kill some aliens baby so epic I
even hit you and since since since since
since okay I'll stop I'll stop I'll stop
when you see a mirror in any video game
you have to dance in front of it you
know it all you gamers know what I'm
talking about
worse
with trippy
with trippy an alley
