I did it you did it you did it you did
you did you didn't it it did didn't it
you did it did it why what okay is that
broken yep
ya can't upload anything on YouTube
right now and I was actually on time
today well keep going so it's really
good they're wrapping around ya guys oh
it's wet everywhere are you kidding me I
went to open my bubbly water tell them
what you do here oh I think it's very
apparent soaked every your face was so
funny he just like panicked I literally
like I always pee my pants laughing your
face it was like it was like a hose that
goes out of control you just had like
the worst haired face the worst was the
windows like this so I'm like doing this
whole thing I'm like like that but it
was like in and out guys got the
childproof locks on cuz Marley likes to
put the window down it's so funny yeah
because you're not the one I guess so
hilarious
looks like a peak myself
we are driving wait what let this drunk
so wasted oh my gosh because we're
always on the road that was just gonna
say we're traveling again but uh we're
driving down alleys gonna have a nice oh
sorry I'm trying up on the video I was
gonna have a nice little beauty day
where she's gonna show everybody how how
she gets her hair cut how she get your
nails done look at mobile house is guess
what today is though guess what what
what's the date today and guess what
came out today yes after 13 years 13
years fighting I've watched this gonna
be like the worst game of all time
finally out and am I not see you guys
for a little bit because I'm gonna be
kicking some alien button you know I'll
try and regulate myself so I gotta go
pick that up
are you excited Zoe hey wake up wake up
there we go Oh kind of haircut you're
gonna get you gonna shave your head so
windy I have to do this I like these
little curls you should just leave your
hair like that all the time yeah being
on camera so if I just slowly panned up
slowly pan over there what
I always building constantly always
filming we never stop
I'm totally facebooking
for more
or well I ain't condoms in his hair is
kinda Russ
you see people's hangar just all over
the place that's good I like that
I like this yeah it's so hipster
Oh Lord
there's getting busy getting to the real
time they're having girl time someone's
spitting around in the chair my nose
looking there's a stuff little gash on
it does that a gash though really alley
beats me she punches me in the face
I gotta stop doing that looks good I
like it I really really really want to
put an eye right there so it says no
Bieber do not drink that's a little bit
creepy whoa it's my turn to roll around
in the chair
taking a nap
on a big orange couch where it's nail
time hello Oh your hair is different now
oh say hello to everybody oh wait maybe
I should do my hair this color like that
well I'm green what how about cotton
candy colors all right Internet which
color pink American Merc
that's really pops you know what that
looks like it just looks like you didn't
wash your hair after going into chlorine
no no it was back here
and then it starts over here blue is
kind of cool oh my most bizarre thing
what do you guys think should I do a
hair like this
how many guys how many of you guys were
freaking out on Twitter you actually
thought she would do that to her hair I
think you freaked out the entire
Internet oh no April Fool's June Fool's
oh my god
on the way back up a little so you're in
the light come this way do your rock
hair oh thanks Ann I do this turn around
the base you do look like oh my your
dad's gonna be so proud I look like wait
dad was blind you do look like your dad
your dad look you know he looks like he
looks like one of those dogs Afghan the
ones that have the really lovely
you're just JA I'm very jealous of my
awesome nails do you look like Hannah
Montana like Hannah Montana speedy
speedy Montana leg was like a blonde
Cher that's what it kind of looked like
to that's what oh my gosh every time we
like do a skit you should wear a blonde
wig and then we do the vlogs you take it
off and then we'll be like a real-life
it'll be like a real-life Hannah Montana
Hannah now it's my turn I get to go get
the greatest game of all time
not really it's probably gonna be
terrible I have some pork cracklins hey
Allie what's up you did this to me all
the way to Louisiana hey
that's the cutest thing ever is your
favorite thing these are my favorite
things your mom likes it way too much
yeah
okay look at these these target balls
I've you guys noticed this in front of
time yet they put it make it look like a
beach ball isn't that deceitful it's so
deceitful because I want to go up and
just kick it but I know if I do I'm
gonna break a foot are you ready to get
some Duke Nukem gonna kill some mother
effing aliens Oh buddy yeah buddy up
every every every say I'll say I think
you've made a right choice they're
making fun of my speech impediment it's
a real problem guys see I knew it was a
fake it's not even here cuz it was a big
giant prank oh is this it no eh am i
cannot believe after 13 years I'm
actually holding this it's right here
though I guess why do you like that one
bit why do you want
everyone go back pause that screen
screen grab it and that replied to Ali
on Twitter this is like the biggest joke
in video game I just hit myself in the
face in video game history this is like
the biggest joke let's go home and play
some video games I'll see you guys next
week
just kidding up I'll be there this is
Toby hello Tobuscus
Tobuscus what are you doing in the cloud
Tobuscus been doing that phone
do you like it when people steal your
jokes I'm excited so a couple of days
ago I checked the mail and the fine
people over at Orabrush said Holly be
one of their tongue cleaners our pair of
their tongue cleaners I don't know if
they were trying to give me a hint or
something but these are really cool I
got a bunch of them at VidCon and I just
want to show you I thought it would be a
perfect opportunity to show you guys how
it works how that little scraper thing
basically makes your breath all nice and
fresh so you can be like Rico suave and
get all the ladies and if you're a
female you can be Riga suave and get all
the dudes I guess so ally get over here
hey give me your tongue I need to clean
your tongue and we're gonna see how this
how well this works yeah because I'm
apparently 90% a bad breath comes from
that little doohickey that muscle yeah I
think ah did you know that did you know
that huh yeah watch all dirty it is as
seen on YouTube
wait it's being seen on YouTube now and
it's already seen on YouTube paradox you
go first
which one which one do you want you want
the boat is that black I get the black
one it's much cooler you get the orange
one
they brought scissors ready paper rock
scissors scissors oh oh I win I get the
black one the black it's much cooler so
it's really simple to use you basically
just scrape it on your tongue and it
works a lot better than like
toothbrushes because a toothbrush
through their bristles kind of like
flare out at the end where these you can
see I'll show I'll do a macro you want
to see a macro I'll show you what the
bristles look like on this one so you
can see that these are pointed so it
gets right into the the tongue gunk the
crevasse the kirov ass of the tongue
gunk we're gonna do a test let me smell
that smell first Oh Ally will
demonstrate you put on your tongue and
you just scrape down and it cleans your
tongue go for it oh it's so awkward but
it works is this gonna make me want to
throw up all the gunk that's gonna come
off like oh that is so gross I feel
fresh do you feel fresher so fresh and
so clean clean oh that was on your
tongue see now you don't and now you
don't need to be using gum or mints cuz
that just that just covers up the
problem minty fresh or brush you need to
make one for dogs now so that'd be good
wouldn't it that's ridiculous
I'm gonna throw up that's all my tongue
let's show them I don't follow me there
you show
yes the other tongue no you're talking
like a different color now you can see
where you did it and how clean it is and
everywhere else check out our tongues
now ah
so if you guys want to get rid of all
that stanky breath and get all the hot
ladies or the hot mess on your tongue
that's it
oh you should do is like if you want
your own or brush just go to or brush
calm they actually set up a coupon code
for 50% off I think it until July first
so if you want to pick up all the
hotties just go to order brush calm and
then use the coupon code trippy on the
checkout and you'll get some you'll get
some some hotties or at least your
breath won't stink anymore what are you
doing is a goofy I'll put all the
information down there in the video
description with all the links in the
code and stuff like that so yeah there
you go guys say goodnight it's time to
go to bed it's super late I rented that
movie battle to keep saying it but not
battlefield Los Angeles battle Los
Angeles I keep wanting to say that and I
keep picturing John Travolta as that
weird little kooky dude I'm not gonna
get to play Duke Nukem tonight I'm a
little sad a little late but I will see
you guys tomorrow
have a great night and see you later
worse yet sexy
with trippy
with Gianelli
you
