good morning me now I mean you do
Internet hey guys what's up I'm just
gonna do this the whole time in the vlog
I'm just gonna jump around constantly so
every time I film I'm jumping no I'm not
gonna do that anymore did you guys get
excited
Oh - screw you - holy mackerel it's hot
outside it is summer ladies and
gentlemen it is definitely well I don't
even know if it's officially I don't
even think summer started yet
technically but it is freaking hot
so what bullets out here guys it's
ridiculous actually does anybody have
cold weather still like up in the
north's I feel like it's probably warm
now I don't know might have to move
somewhere up north this is a little too
hot buddy
just on my way now to send out some
lovely shirts for you ladies and
gentlemen I wanted to say a huge thank
you to everybody who was there last
night when we were filming drunk gaming
there were some viewers who are playing
black ops with us and it was hilarious
today is definitely an editing day I
just finished Ally's episode 8 of drunk
gaming what game will she play find out
Wednesday and now I'm currently editing
the new skit for the Charles Trippy
channel that I shot when I was out in LA
with these guys ruin the internet so I'm
hoping that's gonna be uploaded this
Sunday on youtube.com slash Charles
tribute but I don't know because you
guys have been telling me YouTube's been
having some sort of subscription glitch
that you guys haven't been getting our
videos in the subscription box I know it
seems like every other month that's this
is happening but you know what it's a
big site so I'm gonna give him a break
but I mean yesterday the reason why the
vlog was uploaded late was because it
was exporting forever for fur but yeah
if you can let me know in the comments
guys if you have or have not been
getting the videos in the subscription
box so just like tell me yeah I've been
getting them or no I haven't that way
can show it to YouTube and they can see
how many people are affected you guys
actually helped me oh they always ask me
you know like how many people are
affected on your subscription box and I
show them your comments and then they go
and hopefully fix it
I feel like the dude for the Back to the
Future the guy always wanted the 3d
glasses finish up some editing right now
oh dude it looks like my videos in 3d
but it's not it's not or is it or is it
everything is 3d is it 3d you know you
can't really see out of both sides Kenya
oh well alright I'm gonna go back to
editing I used you guys as a distraction
so I gotta go focus I'm gonna cut to a
lay down just wait here
it's time lapse laundry time
I wish all chores want that fast what
are you doing mm-hmm you're not supposed
to be just over here minding my own
business making a sandwich and then BAM
oh here comes another one okay yep you
guys aren't supposed to be in here hey
back it up
what are you thinking huh so you know
that brain what are you thinking what
what are you thinking what are you
thinking okay I'm trying really hard to
get yourself that's right you ready you
ready one yeah oh you dropped it in your
mouth
close your mouth
Oh how's this fuzzy guard trick Lou now
because you're showing close your mouth
why don't I listen to you
because it's funny yeah this is the
first time I'm away from a computer
happy Charles is in the video I know
I've been the editing for like nine
hours also this the vlog from yesterday
might be uploaded by the time you see
this no it's uploaded it's just just now
all right oh no it's almost a full moon
it means everybody's gonna go crazy
I sewed your mouth Rose you're my
alchemy can I close your mouth so your
mouth ah
oh yeah boom sister oh that was pretty
good
unintentional not even close
drop the frisbee don't chew on it
drop that frisbee don't you on it don't
you
well it was a nice frisbee not anymore
catch it bail broke your stick failure
Charles Trippy hi everyone I feel like I
haven't seen you guys very much today
okay Leah's guys have you guys ever had
one of those days where you just find
yourself singing that limp Biskit song
break stuff you like pretty girl wake up
there everything sucks blood blood blood
bring stuff brushed off and then okay so
you're singing that in your head over
and over again cuz you're having one of
those days and then you get mad at
yourself on top of being frustrated for
singing limp Biskit you haven't ever had
one of those days another net it's just
- it's been like an overwhelming day
it's only Mondays case of the Mondays I
added at Ally's drunk gaming like I was
telling you guys I was doing earlier I
started a cut on the new skin for the
Charles Trippy channel looks funny it's
gonna be like I don't want to give it
away but it's like it basically hits on
a bunch of romantic comedies and typical
comedies and things like that it's it's
funny I like it so one of my favorite
ones that we've ever shot it's it's a
little bit different so hopefully you
guys like it - I'm not gonna hype it up
not gonna do that again and learn my
lesson with you guys it's good that's
all I'm gonna say the vlog was goofing
up I wasn't able to log in my youtube
and just cluster cluster F today
I don't know gonna kind of relax you
know what I decided to do to relax I'm
gonna make a pizza have some champagne
champagne yeah and then watch a really
really cheesy ly awesome bad movie any
suggestions do you guys have any like
other than Sharktopus and crocosaurus
any suggestions for like really
awesomely bad movies it's a it's a good
rewinding thing wait rewinding thing
whoo-hoo rewinds anything anymore
you only mean like when you when you
quote unquote rewind a DVD you're
actually just buffering you only mean so
like the the art of rewinding my would
be kind rewind when you would like get a
VHS whoo okay out there who's ever
watched a VHS movie I hope I hope
everyone's at least seeing a VHS tape
and then you had to do the whole
tracking button or every had to get one
that would Gale goofy you would have to
tracking button so it I'm rambling I am
rambling right now I've been stuck in
front of computer for ten hours which
making mother-effing pizza sounds
ambitious this bitch is good for you not
really but if you put some pineapple on
that pizza it becomes good for you cuz
then you got a pineapple pizza I really
can't sit in front of a computer this
long anymore
what's that noise the cops are coming to
get me since alia didn't come I'm
getting Zoey barkow
holy bananas you see that lady back
there I don't know if you can see it oh
man I started vlogging and now I gotta
open them okay okay ladies back there
was using all these coupons right and I
was like okay you know it's kind of
obnoxious whatever a lot of coupons
coming up for line right
the guy said how much she saved just
guess let's play the guessing game
before I give you the answer how much in
the comments tell me you think this lady
saved just by using coupons at the
grocery store do you need guessing music
aggregate on waiting music she's saved
I'm not getting 173 dollars at a grocery
store just with coupons my mind exploded
when the guys I thought I was like 10
bucks 20 bucks to guys like hundred
seventy-three dollars what just saved
$173 she's like yeah I do it all the
time what I totally need to hire that
lady jeez that is des that's phenomenal
that is that is they should make a
reality show about that hey squeaky
mouse so I may or may have not got you
guys something are you ready for it
fruit I got you fruit just kidding just
kidding
pizza dough no this is noise see what a
hippity-hoppity wrapped up really dude
really is yours nope
Marley cheese pee pee
take what up Zoe okay here take care toy
okay dude I am going to punch you you
are such a breath I get you a toy that
squeaks now she wants a toy that doesn't
squeak I made a bit of a mess alright
guys well it's time to go to bed I'm
gonna try to relax with that movie like
I was saying earlier
yeah but thank you for being so like
understanding with today's video these
are these are the days where I really
cherish vlogging every day because you
see you see the ups and the downs and
the boring days and exciting days and
that's that's what's cool about this
whole ride with you guys I'm gonna go to
bed I will see you guys tomorrow
hopefully all these videos will be
completely edited I just sent a rough
draft off to Ben and Chris and Felker to
let them go revise it through the
revisions I feel like I'm in high school
you know like with you you said the
revision and then they they mark it
maybe a little bit grading and then they
send it back the better not send the
video back with like a big red F and
like a circle and a red nightmare all
over again by the way how's my nose
looking a little bit red still hurts so
bad I've had a headache all day like
rape pop right there right there I'll
see you guys tomorrow good night sleep
tight
wow that was closer than I thought
yes
with trippy
hurry
you
