hey good morning see that yep got a
bruise in my face
yes so yesterday if you missed
yesterday's video cuz I know there's
like a subscription bug going on if you
didn't get into your subscription box
yesterday Ali's dad Dennis was trying to
hit some golf balls and I wanted to see
if I can catch it with my hands and I
used some sort of Cup or whatever and
fling it out go watch yesterday you'll
see and I got hit right there and it
hurts it's a little proof to show you
that I actually did get hit in the face
how not to catch a golf ball game where
I get my backpack get my backpack I
cannot fit in there sir
load up girls we're trying to Ali's
trying to figure out what game she wants
to do that's pretty much everyone's been
asking for it
be matching you have a big nose like me
now haha oh yeah is he really bad yeah a
good 12 you know you have a bigger nose
cats go
most adorable thing I think I've ever
seen
CLI time they ever play nice I know it's
rolling down the river super beatbox
version yeah okay so I'm always trying
to do straight lines in the caramel
karma you want the chocolate look what's
flavored ha trick to snap flavoured
still tastes like water oh damn it is
that really how you're gonna catch a
Hornet thank God there it's a scream you
said it wasn't a hornet foretell it's a
Hornet it's not a Hornets Hornets oh not
a Hornet
use your hands then man yeah now what
the Charles is gonna get stung by horn
in about 30 seconds wait hold on hold on
he's not in the cup yet there we go just
go just try it slide it slowly remember
this mr. Hornet remember the Karma okay
when you're in the wild you're not gonna
huh why did fly away one did yeah and
now I have one common point with a wasp
in nature bird what like you thought it
was a giant wasps I'm a pterodactyl
Hornet where you are gonna get stung
right in the face
that's safety goggles on I'll watch
Charles freak out as he releases it did
you save him save two jobs
that's a mosquito yeah oh you made it
we're back at the golf course because I
was reading in the comments there was a
lot of people saying yeah Charles you
can hit it happy gilmore style but I bet
you can't actually play you arch you are
York really correct because I get bored
we're gonna do three rounds wait wait is
your dad doing again totally gonna catch
a fair hand today I'm gonna catch a
barehanded I have to I got hit in the
nose right there yeah it's for you guys
this is for all you turkeys out there or
calling me out I'm gonna catch a
barehanded guys are ridiculous first
catch might see ya hit me right there oh
my it's already it's kind of RAD good
hey your daughter that's your L see okay
that's you honey get it put your hand
out goofball oh it's about a par four no
for 450 yards away she eyes a ball
well she thank you Tiger Woods wouldn't
have a problem with it but that's okay a
bar and shits a beautiful hit how do you
how do you feel about that hit golf clap
very nice very nice indeed
um yeah bill CTFxC is apparently for
golfers you havin problems there are you
laughing that would be a that would be a
foul and you just swing the head stop LA
do you have three balls you have three
balls squirrel that's crow King so
that's one of those fox squirrel ones
just trying to get to okay guys we're
gonna actually do a couple rounds then I
want we're gonna play a game who do you
thinks gonna win we got Justin we got
Dennis got myself a Lee and Jeff so in
the comments who do you think's gonna do
better so put it right now in the
comments who do you thinks gonna do
better
all right I'm gonna do I'm gonna do a
little waiting music
Oh squirrel all right you guys pick your
teams no changing no changing as this
progresses trippy lines it up and just
hits it without even giving me five
seconds to commentate on what's
happening dot it's a very nice shot this
is a cute little ball oh it's actually
called new what al you will get a few
handicapped if you break a window there
we go let's pass the red
oh there's mine oh it almost went into
the sand trap see guys the internet we
make golfing fun oh that's true very
good point
very good point what do you a tally 5
little oh yeah - Justin I are - and this
is Dennis the second actually - Oh at
the house there we go gotta find my ball
it's bright yellow it's like mini golf
style but I still can't find it Dennis
lost his - but we're still we're still
in the lead see here
where is it there's my ball golf advice
with my dad you think I'm gonna get hit
Sam what is this app is here comes dad
tan tan tan tan tan tan tan tan tan
Tintin okay I ran out of music no no no
oh my god this could go on forever okay
so we're trying to hit while the
sprinklers are not facing us just like
minigolf
I think this is extreme maybe Mulligan
that one gonna clean my balls baby close
the lid oh that helps - there ya go
look how shiny and new beautiful green
ball
Internet what does this rule mean we are
doing our last hole so far I am what was
I for over you're seven over and I think
Justin is what Justin how far are you
over so if you you guys are saying
Justin's winning so far he's away ah the
open field a place that I can never hit
a golf club I'm so bad
yeah ever that we have announcement we
have a winner we have a winner we have a
weiner if you pick Justin as your your
winner you are a wiener
Justin team wins and my team you're
walking barefoot in shame I came sorry
good job wait where's my dad then he
gave up oh my dad quit okay go do one
already
oh yeah actually no you do it come on
you can do it hold on let me get a
better angle on this one go on you can
do it you have to hold it jumped the
monkey feet there's those monkeytoes one
hi - hi yeah now you're like a
caterpillar in a metamorphose stage
you're such a goofball huh Oh God look
at your face
tada
all right you ready to go Marley's like
let's go home let me go home let's go
bye it's gone
with trippy
