oh my god the zombie apocalypse is
happening like what if it said zombie
apocalypse and then find shelter get a
garden that would the zombie apocalypse
like warning that's what I would say
daddy always working his daddy always
working alright it's time to get today's
video or yesterday's video uploaded so
wait
what's in your hand yeah yeah your felt
and if I can't get my job done
waking Charles up she's responsible she
does a pretty good job I'm going to
stand on you until you get out of bed is
that your method oh boy that can have
become actually show it's pretty
comfortable I killed another camera
after some reason this was doing this
like really grinding noise and I swear I
didn't drop it out that's the first
thing Ali said she was like where did
you drop it and how hard I did not drop
it all uh-oh it's just effective we
should gonna get some fireworks wait why
would how can you say you cannot need
fireworks that's like a fundamental
awesome thing you always can need
fireworks there's always something you
can do with a firework like I can put it
in this girl's car and the driveway and
go haha but I won't really do that
possibly illegal they got pretty alley
looks today thanks I'm totally blushing
everybody in the road let me just put my
car here bill you shouldn't do that
Jenny shut up got that done done done
done that again yeah what is this like
the fifth camera was around here in the
past two weeks yeah they had the red one
but I went and got the black one cause
it's much cooler I called out it I was
like do you want a red one or bucket
she's a red one I'm like well the black
one you can be really sneaky cuz it's
black and could be the shadows so that's
my thought process new camera new camera
let's be careful this time
why is it doing that
and here the drop alex is going insane
do you have like a karaoke version no it
sounds like a broken mp3 why do you
think immediately it's me what do you
think she's looking to the beat don't
worry I'm driving naturally we're
driving Ali sees this we're going to
like the bus CD like gas station ever to
get this this is your hat in a spot is
where we go is where we chill the smoke
free Dunkin Donuts
for the dog there you guys go training
session come on tell me you think oh man
that's outstanding
you hear that noise she's gonna suck it
into her lungs that was awesome
Marley tell the internet that we don't
torture you please hey help me please
Charles is really he's gonna try to
catch you got this babe babe you're pro
ball catcher can handle balls really
well
oh that's all you that's all you
I heard that you just break a finger no
it's actually not that bad I think I can
do it now and you can hear it hitting
the ground and it is hitting really hard
this is our day is the worst idea you've
ever had
yeah hit it farther there you go he's
gonna catch it in a bucket throttle back
he's talking themself oh you are the
worst
you can see where the ball hit try to
clench let me see you oh he's a spaz oh
I heard it right in there no that's
gonna hit me right in the face I know
it's an easy target right at the back
hey Charles is raging right now I can't
close my glove that's a problem a lot of
men suffer from bro you mad I can't
close my hand and quick enough so we're
gonna try this
I believe that holds orchid no please
don't fall it's all very technical I
don't know it's all you babe oh my god
it made a huge dent look at this more
cowbell do you say more cowbell I love
my dad I'm afraid Charles is very angry
we don't like him when he's angry
oh my god it's red oh honey please tell
me I got don't quit hitting the head got
hit right in the schnoz how do we both
say the same word we're both dumb all I
need
I don't like this I'm gonna try to catch
it
Charles is really mad right now with the
psycho job hundreds times a charm you
know what they say look how cute they
are matching this video is that
regulation golf attire good hit honey
even with the distraction you did good
geez Oh so bad you can hear me just go
wait who's that Maria Sharapova that way
that's a totally different sport isn't
it's tennis same same dynamics same
dynamics here to go perfect
you guys didn't see that but it was
awesome that was actually really good
you just hit that about 150 yards nice
he's hitting it like perfectly straight
every time but it's all I wouldn't be if
I was that playing golf I'd be like
tired after one one round because I'm
not doing it
how much is around 18 holes right how
come you're just watching that was good
that was a good one all right
Lawrence turn you know like you don't
want your knees like this you want to
just flex but that was a practice now
you hit the ball one nice
Charles is like entranced I like Charles
is one with nature for any new go ahead
and hit the ball straight and straight
that is really nice I'm seeing a lot of
similarities between you two now
huh like your dad just did there we go
I'll perfect good job that was a really
good one better hurry it's coming
hurry the sprinklers just came on huh
guys I think I just hit it like 150
something yards I'm addicted to golf
this is awesome
I like that bat ting noise it's like
when I was playing baseball you hear
that on aluminum bat like now all we
need to do is find the windmill and the
hippopotamus and I'm set Ali just
informed me my nose is still bright red
or where the ball at me I'm gonna tell
anyone you like punched me in the face
what happened your nose Oh Ali just
punched me really yes she did one of
those scissor kick karate qty chops to
my face we're gonna go see my dad is
where it was worthy
did you make a friend I liked how he
tried to explain me what his inside joke
was so it was one of those okay this is
very funny it's only funny if you are
there but this is so funny and in my
faces
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley's Rihanna's fancy ality
we need a decision from the internet
