what you moved I was gonna record him
doing that a big enough he's cute
go do it here yes oh is going on with
those ears
there we go back to normal I didn't know
you could do it though Wow I make this
so much easier
maestro you're terrifying the dogs
maestro
I think Marley wants to keep playing
ashes board quick name that song this is
crazy
Google's awesome nice we are going to
make a delicious concoction of juices
fresh juice today well there yeah
handfuls so
not a bad it's just pineapple yeah you
can make sorbet yeah when you get the
rind are we gonna have a little picnic
today yeah we're gonna go to the dog
beach that we used to go to up in Tampa
we're a long time ago we used to go
there all the time and we made special
homemade awesome juice does that look
delicious yes and we're gonna have a
picnic in Florida it's one of these like
I don't know if you ever heard of its
called told by plate so they don't have
people actually you know you give a
dollar to they take photos and then send
it to you what's weird I don't know I've
ever heard of that before
you have to do a vase of manoeuvers so
bad yeah so we're gonna throw these like
crazy and face it for maneuvers so that
way they can't take photos or just oh
you know what and when I was little I
wanted to be a bad guy I wanted to be a
bad guy like a driver bad guy basically
what stayed them is that his name is
Jason that's all he knows how to do and
I had an idea that they should do like
when you do bad stuff a little like fake
license plate goes over your real one
like you had a button and then you do
all the bad stuff and then hit another
button and it goes back we're gonna be
funny I think they I think somebody
should make that actually put that word
from our bad stuff
this bridge right here was also a huge
fail they kept building it I don't even
think it's done
they kept building this for like
probably five or six years and it keeps
falling because the folios Florida it's
like all lime rock isn't it like it's
just like really brittle so they try to
put it all around yeah I know
that's imagine me driving on it but no
they've been dropped building this thing
for since I started college and it keeps
fuck pieces keep just falling then
collapsing it is interesting how they
build bridges I always wonder how to
make bridges like in the ocean that
ocean but like you know they hold
amperage oh that phone call they're back
Marley opening the window by herself Oh
what happened to Zoey that guy trying to
cutting us off Oh
shaking our fists at you shake it shake
it hard shake my fist shake harder boy
after reference it
that's a weird noise she's making
that would be really cool you never play
amiibo now probably wouldn't probably
wouldn't how's it taste
this it's a juice fast juice ever
there's like no one here much there's
like all this water like now we're gonna
go hang it by this fence yeah this fence
looks pretty cool
can you guys remember the last time
we're at this beach I think it was like
two years ago it feels like two years
ago
yeah had to have been that's when we
were living in Tampa you like the juice
really she she beat you oh yeah go Zoe
it's kind of cold somebody's dog named
killer yes
now you're out there by yourself yep
he's coming right back this is the same
Beach where she actually learned how to
swim right doing exactly what you did
and then you walked out there I remember
that oh I just got a good idea we gotta
shoot this in 120 frames per second
so badly Hey hi nice lazy dog day
she's like zoey is just ridiculous she
doesn't even care so hard to get her to
get it it depends on her come in Louisa
what you're doing
never loser so instead of playing at the
beach it's perfectly nice sir perfectly
nicely playing Marley chooses to sit
come on she's like no I'm gonna go up
here oh my god Marley you're such a brat
this your face that's funny the guys are
you kidding me the guys refer gotta bail
be alright let's see you injury show
them you injury oh poor Zoe those oh he
hurt herself an ally bandaged it all up
I'm blow-drying my hair go away there's
here
that's gorgeous she's keep it like that
I see I see
Lucy you see a little do lady I like
this little thing you should keep that
okay all right where's where's Zoe oh
you you're learning how to walk with
that poor pitiable Zoe
I was trying to think in while you were
listening to Bieber
watch out for the desk
I'm sure neighbors love us right now
funny because the lead singer Joe from I
hate my ex uh-huh that's who the fit but
they also do this ah it's still
Brittany's actually really like that but
we had he sent me that b3 just to test
about it's really good it's really I
like if they did a really good job they
do a good job and all their covers it's
my ex and V verse heroes are like pretty
much the unofficial CTFxC bands like a
little Evie goes I feel like it was like
a grandma with my hair like this
whatever and I'm in a bathroom I'm like
grandma why not laugh at you
you did a fine job there did a fine job
yeah on the sidewalk a little bit but no
one's gonna care brick walk I think they
got to clean up a little bit all the
napkins I forgot about every time we
come here like they always throw the
napkins
and then they go do the hit oppa that
what they say oppa
I don't even think I should say anything
on this one I'll leave it up to you guys
in the comments are you really doing
that again are you smiling this is such
a weird thing happening with this music
in the back I know and you were giving
the dog actually say you're goofy
worse yet
with y'all trippin
