I don't know if you guys saw this this
morning but check this out this is
Google they made a guitar okay so wait
what does this button do
oh you can record okay we gotta try this
okay
I'll end up the notes are there we go
I'm rocking it out it's Rocking
that's cool remember my brothers you
will fight the enemy don't listen to him
you will devour him ready ready
judge wait what's that
no gummy bear I'm bored yeah so I'm just
going through all the candy um somebody
sent from Germany a bunch of candy so I
get like German a horrible gummy bears
which are the best ones and it's in
German
like frit you guys ever had this smells
interesting but it looks like kind of
like um like Laffy Taffy or something
like that or an airhead I should say it
looks more like an airhead this is like
an airhead
whoa got another one I'll try this like
fizzy stuff so it's interesting like
trying different foods and candies and
stuff from other countries like remember
when we've um oh I forgot last time I
started using my teeth you guys like
there was a bunch of people the comments
are like I'm telling your mom flavors
are just so weird in different language
instead we're different in like other
countries like for the best example was
a soda called Beverly and if you guys
have it in your your country and like it
I don't know how but like you can taste
it at the Coke Museum I
the coca-cola Factory in Georgia I think
we recorded in alley almost like she
almost lost it it was it was a really it
was a really like heinous taste I don't
know not not an anus taste heinous taste
okay so what are the instructions what
are the instructions oh great they're in
German can anyone translate this for me
well the siblings just says add water
but it's like don't watch what are the
instructions is like whatever you do
don't add water sad water it's like
burning acid Bob's up
I could just melted a piece of candy in
my water ah I have to show you guys so I
just got a tweet from a guy named Judson
radio this is the tweet let's see if I
can see it blah blah focus focus focus
there it is so I got a tweet from Judson
radio said yeah that's right I just used
Google to play your old outro so I
wasn't clicked it you know the whole
Google like it's like a guitar or
something like that let's see if we get
it to switch over
it's weird I don't know why this keeps
showing up but it'll switch over hold on
pause fail okay oh my god someplace I
playing okay okay ready I'd listen to
this let me turn up the volume this is
the pump up the volume a little bit all
right is from Judson radio check it out
see if you recognize this song that's
pretty good considering he just played
it on a logo so huge props to Jetson
radio that is awesome I just wanted to
show you guys cuz I felt that he
deserves some credit on that one cuz
that's pretty cool
I don't even know how to use it like I
can't even I couldn't even figure that
out like I was just doing this I didn't
have terrible in it doesn't even make
sense to me so pretty cool right that's
pretty cool everyone give props to
Judson on this one okay now Marley I'm
gonna go run and get something from our
neighbor if I come back yeah yes if I
come back and the trash is all over the
floor we're gonna have a problem and you
hello Zoe Zoe
look at me
Joey you better not
it's gonna happen we have some terrible
awful tragic news my new pants
somehow got a hole in them don't know
how I'm sad can you tell by this face
this is a sad face
without trying to laugh
the stupid seam on the side was like
coming apart so I just took this store
and I got brand new ones that stores
awesome babysit my cats go that is the
worry back there but I'm like looking
over I'm like what happened to it I'm
like David Copperfield I David Blaine
that thing where do all there is I was
like that really make it anyway new
pants another fire in the world that a
pair new trousers so I just got off the
phone with UPS because I'm expecting a
lot of shirts that we were sold out of
to be coming today I never gave the
printing company our current address so
the shirts are in Tallahassee but
they're coming how you have them change
it so they're on their way I am an idiot
and people are weird at this apartment
complex every single time there's like
another dog in the dog park like look at
this more than one dog could be here
like whatever another dog is I come down
with the dogs I mean they're pretty flip
the friendly now here but they just
leave people like oh okay I'm sorry you
know when could we come back it's like
there's enough room for more more dogs
noticing I mean I really get it cuz you
know Allie and I are really protective
of Zoe and Marley but I never go like oh
yeah she doesn't like that we're not
gonna do that she doesn't like that
because I mean really I don't know and
if my dogs ever said hey hey Charles
I don't like that I'd be like wow you're
talking dog we're going to be
billionaires oh I completely forgot I
put a gummy bear in the freezer you guys
have ever done that makes it a lot
better then you can actually like just
like like good like a hard candy but
it's a gummy bear try it it's awesome I
was very depressed about our fish
he also just said I know Sherlock I said
something obvious sir but he's like I
know Sherlock I'm like that's that's
like that's like a PG version of that
expression wait what
it's a PG version what's already in our
version no shit Sherlock
you don't say I know Sherlock that's not
the real way to say that
okay back me up here are you supposed to
be in here seek me at school cool down
she's like just crazy hot
you crazy hot you crazy head Zowie don't
want your tail hey let's go they tie it
in I want to just that's it by the way
what is this guy Domo is a character I
believe over wearing around weight it
could be wrong if you let a killer kitty
I think he's like like a little just
like a cute little character everywhere
beaches have always wanted an a because
fruit should be soft yeah it sounds it's
weird that's why I like nectarines
actually I when I was younger I'd really
like peaches nice but I couldn't eat
them because the purge there buzz
whatever really bothered me so I've seen
nectarines it's just like a hairless
peach - oh good everything looks so good
just want to live in there don't do that
that's dangerous plastics are extremely
dangerous
having fun
how dare they put choco vino so close to
a car that's just encouraging so it's
wrong yeah that's just encouraging drunk
driving horrible don't do it ever
dangerous stupid worst thing ever
Oh God you either hit all the bottles or
hit the car I'm sure everybody at Publix
is really happy that he's doing that
shake your butt boot it boot
oh hi
check out the groceries oh that was
boring what you making hi there's a
something ran out of that one guess
can't use that you can still use it just
cut off everything's alive oh look at
this
we got a pineapple no one else laughs
when they see a pineapple it's just a
goofy fruit waiting I got an idea oh oh
I got an idea
hold on hold on we're back yeah we got a
lot of fruit don't we a lot of fruit a
lot of a lot of fruit
