time to go home cue intro
this is like a really long very boring
call
I defy you sign I will not hold the
handrail Oh uh-huh
so I was wandering around bored and this
is Kira I don't know if you guys
recognize her but she has remember we
were going around Starbucks in Bradenton
one time found her again and this is
back at your cousin's right this is mom
and I'm sorry what's your name
Zack nice to meet you man brother so you
guys have one another shout out there we
go another one
can't say BEC anymore Xzibit dance dance
dance
look it's been I don't know there's
those that any just
that those are clouds
oh my biggest rip what was the last time
we were you for your birthday right
those August we stayed at pyramid the
Luxor is in them fountain oh do I love
free Wi-Fi
I remember sweetheart stay away from
your enemies you know you have a
gambling addiction I remember last time
we were in Vegas Ali came back with like
five or six hundred dollars
she was choose it she was in the hole
and then we sat next to High Roller for
her birthday it was really awesome
actually the old Vegas vlogs good we who
was her plane we got off the flight we
were just looking at all the shiny
lights and we looked at the yeah what
are those little stickers and it was
like boarding all all passengers we had
to run across so I would have been oh I
guess it would have been too bad it gets
stuck in Vegas for a day
good I had some fun it's actually
perfect timing I'm uploading the vlog
right now remotely that way you guys
that's why the blog was on time
yesterday for a change
okay I got to get on this plane
150 credits if you wish to use a
portable electronic device you may do so
that's it time takes it Road dance again
two for two or hidden lucky
we actually have an exit Road we have
like
plug in here play bathroom it really
smells like too
where are all the snakes on this hair
mapping plane
who's gonna win my money's on that plane
I've actually never seen an airplane
land like from the sky
that's cool
we right here
you want
how does it feel the time travel
the hours you
the cheating its she's on the phone
she's just blocking it blocking it she
didn't understand proper escalator
etiquette where you stay to the right
yeah that's how you want the only way or
shouldn't do at the airport well would
be something interesting we could do the
theater do you have those little carts
we could go run around we did that one
time
Google edges go do it down so I really
don't take it lightly to adults marking
upper glasses friends pick zero dance
again
Hey look if I couldn't ki stood our
friend again always there we are
he's got a big sword if you know what I
mean we are in Sarasota it's good to be
back in humidity actually no I should
take that back it's gonna be back before
I know Alec gets out of the plane in
here to school okay so we were on the
plane we had a little delay right I
guess one of the seatbelts for the pilot
was broken or something I had to be
repaired and they said 30 minutes and
the lady next to me went completely she
went berserk Apes Apes will rise hashtag
coups Caracas angry people there's one
right there
that one that's really cool I like it
it's like Jack Sparrow I recorded the
audio and I want you guys to listen to
this because everyone gets delays on
airplanes and everyone you know deals
with it in their own way but I just
wanted to see what you guys thought
about how she handled it it makes me
even more no one gets upset
yeah a seatbelt yeah this is a good one
it'll be an hour at least they'll
probably take us on the plane and said
we can't find a bell we can have my seat
belt it's ridiculous
what you guys think was that uncalled
for is it you know internet' is a giant
forum it's a giant discussion board it's
really funny how people get really mad
on airplanes like she was like oh it's
gonna take 30 more minutes it's like
dude my car drive you mean it says this
thing is flying in the air you don't
mean like it's flying in the air at like
what 600 miles per hour that's
phenomenal they'll complain you know I
mean like I want to get there safe we're
about to let the dogs out you let the
dogs out and they don't know that we're
here yet
okay okay okay okay
I will I will give you $5.00 if you stop
doing that maybe let's check how your
big wiener how are you doing
Micro dog come here barley come here
come here micro dog there we go next
time you get to play with mr. one-ton
steady and beautiful double foot oh you
do 3d right here my turn very thing we
can make this 3d if we wanted
we're home up there you are you're in
the office what are you doing where's
Martin Oh Marley's hiding from the
plastic bags Bonnie's got that phobia
it's okay
it's just a plastic bag it's not a ghoul
or a ghost Zoe okay obviously she's
happy to go you know like when you leave
your house for a long period of time and
you come back and just like you just
like when you walk in the house that
smell it's like the smell of the couches
or like the law detergent detergent or
something like that just like hits you
and you're just like ah home and I was
waiting to do that for like a week
I'm so tired today's been such a it's
been such a long travel time this is the
longest like travel time I think we've
ever had by three like lay overs but it
was fun you know we got to we have to
deal with the crazy lady sitting right
next to me and make me feel awkward well
I didn't ever have to tell you after she
went berserk and even called me a
freaking moron because I even said you I
was like you know she goes oh this is so
crazy you know like they're always lied
to us I'm like well it's a seat belt so
it's a pilot so it's probably kind of
something important maybe and then then
she says the friggin moron things so she
I think she was directing it to me
because I said it was not a big deal
anyway but then she had the audacity to
make me I'm not kidding I am not kidding
she was perfectly she was even that old
she she had the audacity perfectly
capable of doing it herself she goes oh
could you let more air conditioned to my
you know to my face or something I'm
like yeah okay sure and then she's like
oh can I have the light on yeah okay
well it's kind of cold now could you put
the air conditioning thing off I'm not
kidding after doing that I was
unbelievable but just one of those
things where it's like some people are
just you know some people are just crazy
you know and you know without crazy
people in this world a lot it would be
pretty boring gonna have those crazy
people you know
just makes things more interesting let's
have a storytime what is the craziest
craziest situation or craziest person
you've ever encountered in a private
setting or a public setting on an
airplane or like on a bus or just
walking down the street or your little
brother who's crazy I don't know oh just
tell me in the comments it was
what's up story time CTFxC story time
say good night well I'm going to go to
bed I'm just hitting export on today's
video actually one minute ago I just I
wanted to go and hit the 24-hour mark
abstaining of 24 hours so I'm exhausted
but I hope you guys liked it you know I
did a lot of the time lapses of taking
off and landing with airplane I thought
it'd be kind of cool a little bit
different a little bit different way to
go then I'll see you guys tomorrow
good night and I want to do a high five
we haven't done a high five put your
hands up everyone put your hands up
right one just slap your screen but
don't really do it go when you're not
going screaming 41 - high five
with trippy
with Harry
so anymore
