good morning guys so just wanted to show
you we're Olga and Ally our little
makeup party just to make up buddy yes
we don't wake up beautiful yeah oh my
god I think Joe and I need to go do our
makeup now we'll be back later ready do
it again hey do again there we go okay
there you go there hi there you go oh
you got it game over can you tell you
mrs. Zoe Marley finally this is a nice
relaxing day we're just kind of April to
just chill it's like one of the first
time this week okay we're gonna be doing
a live show so yeah if you guys weren't
following us on Twitter you probably
missed it but the world will do another
one soon um you got a little buddy this
is olga going to our acting class and
she's pretty much packing for three
weeks it's really it's interesting i was
asking i was like do people bring you
know their own stuff to acting classes
and she said people do it yeah the
suitcase yeah and literally so they can
create like a reality of real life
department yeah I mean that's pretty
much your apartment like yeah let's go
wait why is broken though no I cuz if
you don't have them you know if you
don't create the reality of reality you
can't be real everyone's brains just
exploded yeah poj so we're doing a live
show um and they want some people want
to say hi do you guys see your name in
there yeah it wats more Turtles I seen
more Turtles well we just got done with
a live show and Lindsey's taking us to a
place where we can as a korean BBQ place
pretty awesome i'm gonna make some
delicious food so last night in
California so at least for now so it's
it's gonna hurt for now but it's
bittersweet because you know every time
we come out here it's always fun to see
everybody but you know i miss florida
with we miss our bitches we missed our
two little bitches what's this is my bed
are you reading all the LA gossip down
there now oh my god I won't hurt it what
is Jennifer Aniston do it now look we
get our own grill yep that's hot that's
hot wait our foods are raw wah wah
forget to cook our own food here
it's got a its kind of interesting I
guess you don't you don't complain you
don't complain that the food takes so
long as long as that you actually take
to make it so it's just put a little
piece there cut-ups of the novelty make
sure it's perfect and now we wait I
think I messed up may have they burned
mine a little bit burnt when it's got
the crispiness just like crispy chicken
good girl I like squeezing this is so
silly you're just like sitting there
with a marshmallow patients
yeah serious I just need to fire
we're doing it wrong now you're doing it
right supposed to give hot okay with you
miss Sokka crews will get it eventually
modern campfire nests
it's the worst like what you're doing
bad and then it either catches on fire
or it melts off and falls into the fire
that's the worst thing we're doing
s'mores by your hey play nice you two
little punks come here oh it's been a
while since we've seen you guys there
show it off they're just showing up
right now so you do you have XC oh my
goodness she was singing to me earlier
now of course of course while I'm trying
to get her to talk she won't do it this
guy's just begging for attention this is
learning how to make teen coffee with
okk what's up guys fancy yep that's in
beyond I like how you're getting really
into you like do the little fan of white
like hand motion everything you boy so
you start off of turning it on and then
wait tell me and Russian hug do it you
turn it on and you see the blue light
and it is not ready bitch okay we could
be ready there's your tea I got it so an
we decided to eat a lot 8 which is not
coffee the smell yeah so you open it up
check this out Oh Oh stickin it yes and
then your rage haha I do whoa said I'm
energy coach yeah political
automatically van I don't have to worry
about it and then put a glass that's
important your mouth yes yes wait there
you're searing burning hot what is a
monster okay medium cup a large Hall
venti grande I'm gonna go at all cry
they bloom recipe no you're doing a huge
one well you said run Oh told it dude
can you how do you stop it I don't know
no no it's Mary it's already going boga
effed it all up grande means large the
biggest I said all of them oh my god oh
my god he loves it take it you take it
you take it look at you you totally
effed up I totally up I messed up but
now both of us can have coffee okay I'll
drink out of here if you spill that on
your lab it's gonna be horrible burn
yourself really haha no um so right now
uh we just we just had this is
apparently it Lindsay's house and now
we're playing taboo but he doesn't stop
doing that I'm gonna lose my spine are
you serious it's driving me crazy piece
of got everyone by the end of this is
gonna hate each other okay so this is
something uh that crazy people need
pills pills it's more vacation ah there
bean burgers in the helicopter Oh doctor
okay um this is something in the sky and
their necks out oh I don't discuss
cosmic star a moon a planet universe
sweet means it was Saturn Uranus Venus
yes what was your game it's very rare
yeah oh my god beautiful man yeah it's
like beautiful trait you guys play that
home damn I hope you guys are playing at
home jungle yeah you bitch okay was in
mama me and he was a horrible singer
Jerry do I can't say his name but he's a
scientologist Tigers at homes the other
chick mccall him yeah okay so what is it
something happen Alzheimer he went the
bed i forgot to say that should play
play at home just type in the comments
as this is going on real timers an
awesome chicks wear this all the time
look no string can look under a skirt
yeah what I ok have this and they take
Medicaid mower come to bc o ok when you
make a movie you want to put it on ya
one done a lot of Governors get
themselves involved in these ok sleep
with I went with this with mr. Watts on
the other day Iran jog close a sprint
like jam Park gravel think rabble the
rutgers go climbing hi charles the trend
he's very nervous I've never done this
before it's exciting how I first time
you know we already told you the rules
but gorgeous i go what you just saw i
did just see a shooter you can also do
the green side it's harder do that side
is it brocade you penis oh my god i
can't do this its eyes you can make a
turkey OH Turkey's amazing good holidays
you can make me Mario in Greece angry
birds angry bovine ya Pig uh-huh bovine
angry hey a bull every move I and Isaac
this something like mad cow disease
Bruce Willis you can say hot guy hard
you can't say sick and where's the
buzzer where's the buzzers where's the
buzzer Tabata thank you
Oh Arnold Schwarzenegger his big from
Austria he's awesome he's a governator
California Governor of California my
antique I go to bed I came I suck
hardly wait
where's easy at sexy
which all trippy and alli
with trust raphy an alley
you
