good morning guys so I'm going back and
forth I was uploading your videos I
guess it's got the CSEA if not it's on
our channel oh crap do we put that and
then I'm trying to do this video and the
problem was the thumbnail for
yesterday's vlog wasn't uploading so I
had to try it 40 different browsers so
I've been going back and forth trying to
get this other had this I'd literally
had like 40 different things going on
this is pretty much me all morning
really kind of sucks actually
Tsar new VidCon turned you I walked away
I think with the VidCon scared myself
blue I don't have the flu but I woke up
this morning like my voice was going
away the other day and I thought it was
maybe because I was just like talking
too much which makes perfect sense my
chest in my head and my throat or
feeling kind of like crowd I'm thinking
about it now but hopefully we're going
to go for a run I know something a weird
thing but usually that I feel like I can
kind of sweat it out which I've heard is
actually really good for you so we're
going to go try and put it out plus I
don't feel that bad what's what's what I
do yeah so
- to death that's the same I don't know
why I do that that's
why do doing that that is the second
time I did that what did you get me
devil inception
he's rumored that we noticed there too
whereas I shoot on like this is like
some type of creepy haunted out or not
yeah okay right I'm literally go hunt it
out
I kind of feel like this area is our
worst nightmare I do yeah me too
our offensive points in our biggest
circle
good company but I don't really want to
do so much crazy stuff because
eventually that room will most likely
becoming that baby around Mia goes like
we want to get the whole paper what you
want to get it all they control but then
same time do too much workplace to get
there in the bus
Gilligan viciously which is really but I
dress for the office of you know
something you're like super excited
about from the crowd oh but then we put
it all together we realize that the
space is much smaller than we
anticipated so we're back at square one
where we're not really sure what to do
yet again oh my god we can do that kind
of stuff those things that got cool
they're really not I just wanted to show
you you go past down over there I
thought it was really weird you're
really struggling with us today
really it's interesting because we have
these ideas and I think it's just
putting the ideas into action well what
we are running into every time we do
this what happens is that we're getting
all these accessories is what we've done
since day one we haven't really done the
structure so we have all these really
cool little like gadgets and accessories
for the room
we have no structure in the room so we
have to kind of gut it and so from
scratch unfortunately we did the wrong
way this is our guide right now is there
great drawing that we might be able to
mimic but I don't think we're moving to
not anymore because now that was a shelf
up top encounter okay we're thinking
maybe result some examples of it being
on the top almost kind of like that end
of it is a crown molding almost but not
really convoying we've got in the corner
but if there's something above
everything because we go any lower
somebody's gonna like whack your head
Collinson I'm gonna just small one make
it long you do that probably okay here
we go again now the house in the work
but we're going to try to make it work
you're protecting the gold records good
job
you guys got to check this out look at
how barren everything is it's almost
back to square one which is satellite
what we need and then we're going to
start again all right going back to this
you know don't move or anything more so
we decided to put the desks like this
this is the original plan to kind of
give up some more room so we're taking
that ville guy I know the cash is just I
don't know I love the couch you know
she's looking at it's like please don't
take my couch please don't take it
did we ask laughter any great okay
here's another idea
flipped it see here's one idea that I
had was we get rid of the couch or we
put it somewhere else and dig a giant
beanbag that's up in the game room bring
that guy down you put it right here or
over here
for the back I don't know at this point
we need it I got a designer hey that
feels good right or just free people
hitting her head right here oh okay
people right here what we'll do is we'll
smooth it out what you did one thing oh
sorry
well no it's gonna be v6 are ever baby
could just happen you've done a little
bit anyway yay so one shelf
killin Ares a to show old Texan plays
two shots but it's one long so we've
also figured out what we did wrong over
there we're not doing wrong here
mmm so it's open source before that
we're paying in there but not being
properly one two three shelling sucks
but it sucks so much I like honestly I
would have paid somebody to do this
because it's really testing our
relationship right now we're getting so
frustrated you look at that he picks up
that that's way too big well you know
I'm going to drill it I'm gonna throw
this guy in there so now we're going to
maker but do we have screws that are
long enough flat for the anchor yes oh
okay nevermind
hi Melvin this is the last time that we
actually do the officers I really don't
want to do it anymore to this see what
I'm worried about is that your holes are
in a different spot than where your
drawing was no colors drill it with a
drill already drilled you know that
little tiny hole so we've arrived at a
dilemma which the dilemma is at the top
part of the shelving is like we put it
in with an anchor but the anchor is not
holding for some reason for creepy stuff
damn you shelving damn you
and it's like 10 o'clock and I'm still
annoyed dinner but we can put the rest
of this together for right now I think
it's just really your anchor stick your
anchor yeah oh I'll do is we could talk
to them and little ones ago so this is
it before
there's nothing that Kate these days but
unfortunately they kind of have to
happen
we kind of had to do a little temporary
thing as I just explained however things
are kind of looking a little bit better
that's what we just put out we're trying
to put up getting there
little by little it will get there these
days just because like you want to go do
something cool or go adventure off or
something but reality kicks in oh well
you know I can't really do that can i
and then to top it off we've been gone
for X amount of days I actually have no
idea at this point I'm going to actually
this is a first for me I'm not going to
edit the video at night it's about 11:00
p.m. usually I'll stay up all night just
editing and then do a little bit more in
the morning what I'm going to do this is
unheard of for me is I'm going to edit
the video when I wake up at 8 a.m. to
feed the dogs on top of that whole crap
the entire day Ally's been pretty much
dying from the VidCon flu I don't think
I have a solution so it's called the
VidCon flu I feel okay I feel a little
weird my voice I'm saying a little weird
like goat in and out I'm finding that
it's not she lost
I don't know I'm hoping I'm just
changing let the minutes in and holding
them second half gets like I think it's
also an accumulation of like all Hawaii
mementos and VidCon so I got my bike
alright tired so what is the big con flu
it's not necessarily flu it's just
called the big con flu anytime you get
sick after VidCon or playlist it's
called the playlist flu or the big con
flu I'm gonna brighten everybody's gonna
be like our shake again guys I'm human
gonna get sick I'm a great immune system
but it happened so I'll make sure she
doesn't die I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
