it's kind of funny how this hotel gives
you or just a random kaleidoscope you're
kind of creepy though if they give you
like a full-on telescope it's kind of
weird though I'm playing with this for
like 20 minutes
famous little dog hi buddy oh really
come here one time an actual nice cat
sup kitty cat Wow
we go all the way on the other side of
the country and she drags us here how
are we gonna have a party we're gonna
have a partay
we're gonna see mr. SMP we have never
did see Miss SMP films excited thank you
my good man
it's got to do with a steak knife the
one that's pointing making marks on the
table horse
go go go go go don't let him catch us we
just stop the car I can't believe we
just did that we just stole a car we had
to get to the shoot today and we had no
other way to do it so we just we just
stole it we figured since we're in
Hollywood yeah yeah we figured in
Hollywood it happens all the time people
just like oh he's just borrowing it's
okay Wow don't tell her though she's
gonna tell on us Kimberly this is a rush
whoa exoticjess
let us borrow a car we're going to go
film with ruin the Internet a skit for
their Channel
and oh by the way guys actually I did
today is my little sister's birthday a
whole day she 25 she's turning 21 so
it's my little sister Melissa trippi's
birthday I'll put her stuff in the video
description below so you can go wish our
happy birthday on our youtube or Twitter
whichever you have but yeah go wish her
a happy birthday and all that fun stuff
she I know she'd love to read it so
happy birthday Melissa little sister yo
you guys know how Ally is with driving
she's what to kill everybody on the road
yeah last night when I Kris took us back
to the hotel he was just explaining that
you just have to accept that in LA and
it's very hard to accept that coming
from Florida where it's a little bit
more laid-back this is definitely a huge
dynamic you wouldn't think with driving
with in the states would be such a huge
like 180 but it really is why she's
driving not me I would just be like you
know what you're gonna cut me off I'm
just a ram India and I'm injustice car
so I can't do that oh it's probably not
good at softening so kinda got lost so
he's not I didn't really get us lost
because I just went to the wrong house I
went back to Bob Jen's house and I was
like wait a minute
this isn't their house I copied the
wrong address so confusing car we got to
leave the car we're gonna dump it
you gotta dump it come on they're gonna
catch us but run gonna rock they're
gonna catch us they're gonna catch Ali
I'll send you a cake in jail Billie
straight back to Bioshock she's right
back to Bioshock really you're supposed
to man up dude oh you can solve so many
mysteries of that I know that looks
pretty cool actually
mystery bad spooky goblin I'm afraid of
like he's bashing you guys in the face
like Batman
love it stop it you stop it right now
sir I can't stop guys you don't like the
script I like it yeah all right oh it's
gonna get really sweaty that is so 90s I
think I was away night we're shooting
we're shooting a room in the internet
sketch you guys are probably gonna like
this one if you're our generation or
I've seen the show that we're gonna be
spoofing any guesses any guesses that
what show me my 3 spoopy yeah so we're
gonna shoot this really quick and then
we gonna head back over to Olga's house
feel like it's a bunch of people are
coming over and Ally's getting your hair
ready Buster's welcome to LA the
spotlight and everything it's kind of
goofy we keep having to stop because the
helicopter
I thought my joke was funny I thought
you were there I am so proud of myself
you guys literally just drove on the
freeway in LA by myself and I just
parallel parked on the street with cars
coming and I actually did a good job I
feel like I've truly now mastered the
art of living in LA no I don't live can
probably never well that was uh that was
an extreme accomplishment to me some of
you are probably laughing and think
that's ridiculous but hey guys what I'm
gonna do I'm proud of myself oh you guys
hear what I just saw like for iPhones
come out so I'm going to have a bacon
milkshake girly giant bags and it's
turtle hard drive like why is it I don't
even know a wallet sunglasses a lot I
was not born in the 21st century can you
make phone calls with this no doesn't
even turn on I don't know it might not
it's actually got that one has like an
actual distance bins inside of it Ali
was he's I'm really cool I'm dude all
over my house I told you Alex faces like
drops I mean so did you tell Jess that
we lost her car we
you let the trusting news yeah you the
first place for my yeah but get all bear
it okay there's a vacancy it fatty juicy
bacon and chocolate and maple syrup to
the end of our natural lives
how is it it's hella good right like
what's going on in your mouth I'll never
truly recover from so if you go to
Denny's I just asked for a bacon sundae
which been an ally just said it's
because it's not on the menu it's not on
the menu I promise people Ricardo bacon
sundae yeah man a bacon milkshake please
do you want to try it it's sweet and
savory let's pass it down I know I like
a strawberry
i jus I didn't get any big I think this
whole thing's full of bacon okay then
pull back for a fact on the eyes they
roll one of the mechonis no it was
really good actually really good really
face to make and just get a head like a
crunchy this okay I like everyone's
faces this puzzle because your heart is
saying no where and then you eat the
worms Oh God really
Tony's going for it you might want to
film this is that all day
that's that okay you got a little
something to hold on hey Ally
delicious hey sure that's your camera
he's like I totally wanted to two guys
flower she totally wants to eat it too -
this is what Charles does at the
weekends once you drive down to Tijuana
we can make some serious I swapped out
Ally's camera earlier now I have
Charles's cuz he just left it
Charles is is that correct yes he just
left it on thank you very much he left
on the floor hey Charles shouldn't be
leaving your camera laying around buddy
I can't find his camera apparently it
actually was right there I don't know
what I have to do it you have no idea
what your audience looks like I'm sorry
guys you're hijacked for a little bit I
apologize is this where the party's at
guys is this where the party's at no no
no parties you're wearing this I don't
drink
I'm studying Daniel Dean and then we're
already inert nerding out on the newer
iOS 5 amazing right and lion boost okey
doke
so I just got a new haircut just got off
the boulevard and you know what is that
what do you guys think it's pretty sexy
well you should wear yellow then when
she goes out your hair yellow let's go
to the store dye your hair yellow well
that was quick yeah I just decided the
pink was a little too Katy Perry so with
the yellow the really bright is like oh
my god there's a hand and then oh my god
there's another hand you have a hand and
you have a hand let's all do it ok so
you go like this like nice trees that we
got in the vlog guys oh I'm sorry I'm so
sorry
and you're buying straight does that
break parts of you everyone step away
from your computer and try to do this as
we're doing that what's that one really
we're playing twister
because that's actually it's clearly
what is that your right foot or left
foot your heel bone is supposed to be
it's connected to your foot bone thank
you well I'm just turning out food no so
Charles cuz that's not is your the
volunteer heel okay
comes to be in the in between this two
joints of your chest is it like this
it's about what School of Ballet your
yeah now straighten him and keep your
feet like that because I bet you can't
straighten this one right like this like
your knees need to be straight
completely I will do this
straighten your knees all the way good
without moving your feet put lock your
knees together lock your knees together
your knees aren't straight holy God you
look great straighten your knees damn it
hey attend like you're holding a piece
of paper between your eye like I should
light watermelon okay stay still
Jerry I can't you got it yeah now what
is it don't move your back don't okay
okay keep your butt in and now you're
losing something to turn out aren't ya
it's all my pants let me see her plie
there Demi and stretch that was a grande
play in two and I don't know what that's
very oh and look off to the distance
like you mean something important
yes
with trippy
with tertiary
you
