run what you should drive when he gets
driving Oh before I forget Lauren and
Dennis sent us the clip of Zoe I just
wanted to show you guys really quick
final sit yeah bye
yeah all that stock yeah get it off it's
a little bit up important yes you guys
I'm in the whisper room I see self
whisper in my steez right here you know
they should do is like ice-t should have
a partner like called lemonade in the
middle is the group could be called
Arnold Palmer great you want to go to
prom with me Oh
it's true it's beer fest I'll go beer
fest scientist oh it's for sale
yeah I want it as adorable
he's got some toggles on that is the
coolest bottle ever Bobby big papi
hey we're here with Bobby mr. Bob gins
himself okay and we're doing an episode
of Annoying Orange
yay but this is where the magic happens
you guys pretty nice little garage this
is why YouTube's awesome it's a garage
and legs view millions and millions of
times that's why it's kinda like
inspirational like you know anyone can
make a video and have it seen solidus I
can just leave out I do it up in the
ocean is like Zelly
you remember the rest of the words that
call me big papa when you come big right
I'm doing an episode of The Annoying
Orange and I don't want to tell you guys
who I am like I like you guys guessing
don't like ever how everyone's saying a
melon
are you a carambola what's that start
for you I don't think I've seen this
this particular cast this particular
character on an episode before so it's
new warning do not apply on whip really
it said that are you kidding me as you
guys remember last time I did this uh
they made me shave yeah better uh
Bobby's got a little idea of using blue
paint so that way I can keep my glorious
beard I knew I'd die is it bad that this
is kind of burning a little bit
oh yeah yeah yeah but they also want
things to like you know you know yeah
the day in picture after mr. Charles
Jimmy
found remember these guys little ruin
the internet oh snap
that's our catchphrase now oh really
yeah oh wow oh snap copyright Ben we're
here under lovely videos for both their
Channel and our channel Oh what is that
I don't know delicious so we're going
over to this convenience store to like
basically a shoot I was gonna be pretty
fun it's gonna be like all guerilla
style like in Hollywood yes like
shooting and leave like really quickly
so we got to do this quick welcome to
the craft service table right here you
know oh that's the worst thing ever so
bad I almost gags are the personal ones
the pretzels are pretty good well you
don't like them I kind of like our taste
buds are totally different all right so
we're at the the location ready all
right I'm gonna focus now this is the
thing about shooting guerilla style we
just have to basically wait for
customers when they come in but it's
coming out pretty good isn't it
I'm really excited this is gonna be on
the Charles Trippy channel you know I am
so we're just waiting they're inside
building
but we're freezing our asses off while
we're waiting in this freezing I don't
know why your jacket and you kind of
cold goose pimples what do you call them
goose bumps goose pimples follicles I
just need a zinger and it has the
consistency of a throw-up oh just a
single day one only one throw it's the
height of your mouth look behind the
scenes oh my god there's the cute okay
so I started looking at these incense
things and it's like okay rainbow
orange-vanilla me and Joel those are
pretty normal and then I see I hold on I
see opium then I see Obama then I see
Michelle Obama fragrance but make it
it's pretty butt naked yeah I'm totally
gonna make Jenna eat this cuz you're
gonna wait guys promise
I don't see why would be bad it's only
like 500 calories do you like it is it
okay
she is really hard now submit now
smusher Oliver's face oh she must have
just eaten one of those too
thanks Gina for that Jack just all try
to capture is this just behind the
scenes behind the scenes behind the
sheet change
good to see you man um why I'm here I
just wanted to say one thing you know I
just wanted to say I'm sorry okay and
mostly me again
Willie face wrong buddy
the barbed wire and guns stuck like
their pants rip yeah not cool there used
to be three lines of barbed wire now
there are only two so Charles is filming
right now I just took his backpack hid
it in the garbage
he doesn't even want to talk he just
lost our camera Becky I see is it on the
footage why'd you turn it off wait
racing cameras now I don't believe
anymore
this behind here what they're gonna do
for this shot to see me one really dance
dance with your pants dance with your
pants dance dance with your fan
oh my god Charles yeah whose bag is that
oh this bag how do you know that twist
his bag
obviously you want me to bring it back
to him you know what these people they
want right the second time you did that
first you're like huh like almost like
you you're hoping like she's not gonna
ask you manners
yeah and then uh and then after that
yeah just yeah just be like casual ah
thank you both have it's between friends
what's this video about so we spoil it
all the video is about and pretty much
and then Ben does this you know I come
back around and I'm a zombie and then I
know you're not like an actor by trade
yeah yeah industry secret don't tell
people what the sketch is about yeah in
a daily video it's gonna come out long
before you finish okay I'm in the shot I
think that I'm posed
your big floppy ears and me talking
weird you can't keep them be so tiny
yeah look at this we go far the table is
you guys are so far he's got a reach
neat over yeah look like gentlemen
how do we kill of sad
I'll tree gave me these crunch berries
is a problem problem
yeah picture I'm over the logo and show
it to me again I'm systematically eating
all the all the little round one to the
best part out of the box but always left
with or the crappy rip tank so at the
end is just gonna be captain crab
captain Admiral
Cap'n Crunch is copyrighted Captain
Crunch it just seems like it camera
person's drunk Charles freaked out look
at look at look at the good man watch
girls freak outs
oh shit that just dropped it's a spider
you insulted it it's leaving look it's
like well I was gonna hang up but after
you guys I don't want to kill you go
back up and what you do here how do we
do one of those colors did you see that
was really great can we put him back
outside cuz he was just so badass
yes was thinking no they see and I got
news hope it bans taking over it's gonna
be a little tough behind me some
whippits oh we do them together look at
me paparazzi's man Steven right back to
Vietnam
Apocalypse Now it's the favorite movie
about a thousand times the redux sad
found sometimes down what's your
favorite game is it Bob shocker Mario 64
um I'm gonna go with probably Mario my
favorite game in the whole world it's
probably sleep on Tomb Raider it's the
game of leather crawl on the board game
cross-ice clayfighter 63 one third for
the Nintendo 64 my favorite game of all
time that's a good game wait did you
play clay fight it's a good game play
it's actually pretty age I was in Los
Angeles
like shits feel sad face all right you
guys remember how the water was like
nine dollars
we got super Sneaky we got super duper
sneaky we went and bought the water from
a store for like a dollar fifty and
we're just replacing it so next thing
you got like a fancy hotel or a hotel in
general and you're really thirsty to
drink the water but just make sure to
replace it and what would have cost like
25 something dollars now cost us 450 so
traveling with Charles and Allie did it
did it - yeah good evening
oh that one I'm gonna nerd out gonna
nerd out on that one
hey doesn't it look just like Disney
forever a couple days ago we're at the
Chinese Theatre the fake the fake
Chinese Theatre this is the real one
looks it's almost identical doesn't it
John
wait a minute Donald Duck's not a real
person bully crap that was so freaky
Donald Duck just walked out of a
premiere like Burt Reynolds gettin jiggy
with it
yes
Nellie
you
