surprise good morning come on guys are
you enjoying your breakfast look at this
fresh watermelon deliciousness
mmm are you guys excited today is the
day that we get to go to the 20th
Century Fox Studios and see all the
stuff for the I've gotta brush my teeth
oh-ho orange juice and after just
brushing your teeth I get to take you
guys on all the behind the themes of the
new movie Rise of the Planet of the Apes
so it's gonna be exciting it's exclusive
CTFxC internet not really exclusive to
us but just this group of people that
are here
it'll be fun though that hairspray you
flirtin with the whiskey wafting farts
that'd be really weird if somebody
farted like like a spray we're back on
the Trapper Keeper bus
hi wheezy Peter a lot of people yes see
you says people in LA aren't friendly
so this is where we're going maybe just
a hunch
fancy waterfall this is pretty cool guys
normally you don't get to do stuff like
this did you see The Simpsons home of
the Simpsons I was totally nerding out
on that one but yeah this is actually
where were you watch the movie the x-men
movie yesterday we gotta go over this
way
does anyone recognize this building what
movie is this in I give you five seconds
four seconds three two one
if you guessed I heard you are correct
you'd be excited
this should be pretty cool and like this
movie theater with bugs it's pretty
awesome
those are bad yes so we were just
talking with a Hooper Wyatt the director
of Planet X let risers Planet of the
Apes and the lost we kind of got I'm uh
we're on the back lot somewhere outside
20 Century Fox yeah okay good just like
wander on this is why this is why you
always follow the leader guys
single-file line otherwise it happens
like us let me get a look some sushi man
delicious
very cool oh my god what this is really
really cool actually
I came over here and I was like okay so
are these real and then I was like oh 20
Century Fox literally okay so this is
the Academy Award for Titanic Best
Motion Picture 1997 that's crazy that
sounded music Best Picture 1965 Simpsons
in their prime need some bacon that's a
pH 80 sandwich fats something you need
some bacon oh man Alys eyes just went
like this just lit up make your own
s'more okay so you need get a start off
with uh some graham crackers cookies
okay this just keeps getting better look
at that any idea what this house might
be of just if you were to guess anybody
alright guys I gotta turn you off sorry
they're gonna yell at me sweet wall
though castle all right so that's the
production house for sunny Always Sunny
in Philadelphia
okay so we're in New York all of a
sudden teleporting I really hope to see
the people from It's Always Sunny I got
like a hold nerd thing I was the same
like it'd be still funny to record on
these videos Kaitlin Olson doing a gag
throw up voice and then Charlie like
take it out for 12 years this was
Chinatown for big trouble little China
with Kurt Russell this was home alone
Boston New York oh my god
you're important down here Fight Club
with Brad Pitt belt down here Oh where's
paper Street guess what wheezy waiter
just just a guess where he would be
everyone else is getting pegged you know
drinks and stuff like that of course
duck crossing group photos it's actually
the original original building right
there this is my work
so I'm trying to find a sneaky way to
film ice-t he's sitting in the room
right behind child boy shirt not the
guys standing the guys sitting in the
chair go snake
and you're like how super Sneaky about
what liz taylor little puppy we're going
to Ally's favorite store of all time of
all of all the days of all the days that
was sucked this is I mean why would you
want to be on the one two closest to the
road getting ahead go quick all right so
they're shooting something right here
and then there's a guy on his back over
there what he knows
yeah like they're shooting something
here but then there's something going on
over there
maybe the snow that that was legit right
there yeah that was but then there's
some shooting something right there this
yeah that was kind of a weird little
scene right they were filming something
a TV show right around the corner and
then there was a guy on his back
bleeding like out of this gushing on his
back I felt so uncomfortable didn't want
to film that for obvious reasons just
because I don't know what happened I
don't know if the guy I don't know like
he was breathing so but it was just
really uncomfortable so I didn't want to
film anything but up there was what I
thought it was kind of interesting that
you know it was like like it was filming
right so his order and then there was
complete chaos that kind of looks like
they're a part of each other
that was weird they got like a really
weird strange feeling like really kind
of ah I was weird
la is weird it's very very sexual
alright guys everyone face the wall good
check calling that Scooby's hot dogs
isn't it just a little bit messed up a
little bit morbid am I the only one that
one looks good yeah well that's kind of
cool
twirly twirl yeah do a twirl as you
twirl to everyone in the blurriness I
mean it's cool but man oh it looks good
Lindsey I got my backup over here I
don't know being not the only guy in
this situation call he's like he's
Charles going I'm like I'm only going to
Damien's going oh geez see this is
that's more like Betty Page stuff I like
that Lizzie and that little sailor I
don't know I think I like the blue one
dude that do the whole thing you got to
do the whole flight attendant so hey
guys we were just walking back and this
is Alex CTFxC R because she's trying to
hide she's trying to hide you're from LA
right thought it's very nice meeting you
man do you want to do a shout out or
anything like that well I played video
games man
I don't do you want to say anything like
you know Howard certain rules or
whatever you want to Baba Booey our
Stern rules we gotta send the fancy
stairs okay you gotta do the ballroom
thing should I do it too I wonder how
many people just touch that rail you
want to be sanitizer hi guys oh that's
really messed of my eyes
uh-oh you have some you are awesome see
you Caesar put some dubstep is that you
those all your I am there is way too
much Ryan Reynolds going on wait not not
enough not enough and you got Bradley
Cooper my god that would be so weird if
like he was there and there and there
and everywhere there's so much sexuality
on the Billboard see if it's true Ryan's
watching you
he's dead to me
took Scarlett Johanson from home is true
I mean I gave her back is really fun
it's awesome fun are you cold Jesse get
the fanciness going oh you can do that
Kenya which button does it it will bit
down
oh wait something works close there's
like a lot of buttons I think you had it
moving oh that's moving okay watch it
Jesse they're all going down sipping
this one more time you guys probably saw
this in the iPhone channel that is
uploading and stuff like that what raise
the drapes
I have magic no big deal no big deal
they've already seen me do this like 15
times oh and look at this okay I was
over here sitting down and I looked over
when you guys see this does it look kind
of questionable a little bit
questionable right it's just really bad
marble I don't know I've looked over I
was like I prize you leave this area you
look pretty
all right now we gotta go meet up with
everyone
I don't know apparently yesterday they
met with Suge Knight I don't know who
we're gonna meet up iced tea today
so that brief clip that Ali recorded
in that little glass cube thing rewind
the video you'll be able to see it but I
wanted to ask you guys is it ironic or
more of a coincident that ice-t was in a
cube like Ice Cube is that a coincidence
or kind of like ironic eroticism that
sounds really bad oh we know them oh
okay this is way too fancy yeah no I
like the fact that I'm wearing like a
t-shirt this is awesome I feel like I
just like exploited the system I'm
wearing regular jeans and add regular
t-shirt sauce found it
you
you guys we don't even need to go to the
club we just have the elevator what a
strange combination right Charlie
Chaplin the silent films a little bit of
techno weird
wait
worth a psst
with y'all trippin
with chakra be an ally
so a Harley
you
