hey so you know that feeling in the back
of your head where you feel like you
forgot something but you can't quite
pinpoint it until you fall asleep and
then wake up in the middle of the night
or 3:00 in the morning and realize hey
you have to be on a plane in three hours
and you don't have your dress shirts or
your tie I think it sucks too cuz I was
really proud I get the better like 11:30
at night I was like yeah I would be
pumped you know I'm not gonna be tired
like I always am like I'm always Draghi
when I get an airplane I'm really you
know pump back if you need coffee or
anything and then I of course screw
something up so it's not too big of a
deal we don't live just measured I have
to drive all the way to Tallahassee that
would suck you know it's still gonna be
an awesome trip I'm not going to
complain I'm gonna go do this come back
fall asleep and then head out well
despite having an interesting morning
Marla Harrigan we're actually an hour
early for a flight which never happens
ever look it's a conquistador friend
look at this leg room
well then I can put my legs on them and
I can go like this and they can yeah but
we disappeared for this for this type of
leg space let's kind girlie legs in this
angle
yes sir some trow Leo's in the
government's some turkeys in the
comments are saying that the most liked
leg space I've ever had on their planet
watch I'm frustrated she gets this damn
this is not a very relaxing game alright
guys you see that little area right
there that's where we take the dogs
swimming at the beach see in a week
Sarasota
in the ATL hotly Anna Weiner won't say
if pick his of him or his wiener well we
weren't so lucky this time or we how bad
it's not bad
lovely bed look at that sick view of the
wing that's that's an awesome view
I think our scenery has changed
just landed in LAX and look at this this
is how this how dedicated I am to you
guys I'm remotely uploading the vlog so
we don't miss so it's not waiting too
long so we gotta go we got I think Jesse
and Jeana are here so we gotta go find
the car and then head over to the hotel
hey you look like a super style in those
Stunna shades so then English camera oh
yeah another one are you trying to show
me how you're popping a bubble is that
what you're making me please stand here
yes instead of going to get my back go
on time is uploading I snuck a boner it
means a video in life I just did I am
determined to blow a bubble by the time
we leave this airport show off second
she turned her head
success yeah you know what class look at
just right there it's how I walk is that
strange it's located uh what's me with
holy shoes is Hollywood Hollywood guys
already going yeah what's going on guys
PPC fancy-schmancy oh there's like a bet
on the window that's wrong we go that's
where I'm going
chilling here see this view how do I get
the times or whatever else do it this
way gorgeous this is a nice little room
shout out the Melissa down there and be
our office for hooking us up with this
one
la keeping with tradition we have to do
our our sacred bed test in internet test
are you ready you're gonna wear a
bandana you'll be super super awsome it
would be a hipster chick all right
time out so I'll I could be a hipster
chick hipster chick no although I don't
have any junk oh really really no out
really really you have nothing nothing
to jump off of what about this awesome
ledge do it anyone who watches the
resident knows what I'm talking about
alright you're insured right but I want
to get an awesome angle on this one this
one's a cool one wait why is this window
open oh that's somebody something okay
ready okay ready
the tiny door go for it Tao three two
two three and a half one point five one
go good oh and now for the more nerdy
test the internet cuz this is what you
guys are probably more concerned about
how long it's gonna take for you guys to
see the video the next day remember make
sure to be on the iPhone channel that
youtube.com says trippy because I'll be
uploading you know so you don't have to
wait all the time
download speed not too bad not too bad
we got a pretty good speed for it
wow that's actually not not too bad
upload for Internet at a hotel so yeah
don't worry guys you'll see your vlogs
and your iPhone blogs and your your
other clouds here's a fun story okay so
there's this place that what was it Ali
was the Teen Choice Awards we came here
and we were trying to go to the
after-party
with the guys from the league and
Justine and stuff like that yeah I'm
totally gonna tell the story you know I
think it's awesome the guy totally
wouldn't let Ali in because she wasn't
you gotta totally walk to and just be
fine that same guy
hey how long do you think until like a
youtuber gets a star on the Walk of Fame
well with the funcle' good does the Fred
actually has one are you kidding me yeah
I think Ali's pranking us right now
no there buckley buckley needs one
there's some empty ones get them we can
just come out here with like a chiseled
all we can just do what this person did
exactly that's what we got to do that's
a singer pink she's jealous cuz she
didn't have her own so she came out here
with a little marker Capitol Records I
feel like this is a little too fancy to
be eating subway we need to be eating
like caviar like toppings on the subway
and like monkey brains that's a fancy
backpack that's a France a backpack
come here jeff goldblum gonna save you
you stupid little flat okay good
stay right there stay there you go there
you go
okay stay go be free jeff goldblum hey
it's the red berry nice Peter yes hi
the budget you can say the lighting is
really bad here so I
happy birthday was very good okay so we
should get out of the way oh this is
pretty much what else much what la is
like it's constantly filming oh my god
we actually have a giant tour bus we
have a tour bus where words alley
she's in the alley David dark back here
I'm missing life everything's better
there we go he's turning all right I'm
going to be sitting by myself
oh just no easy what's making in your
video yeah it didn't ding
alright guys so we are currently on this
YouTube tour bus and I just wanted to
show the pattern doesn't it look like a
trapper keeper like everything alright
can you see where we're possibly going
is really blurry I don't know we are at
20th Century Fox and we're going to get
an exclusive exclusive preview of the
new x-men movie we're gonna totally
bootleg no we're going to get exclusive
to CTFxC plot I'm gonna film the whole
thing and then you guys are gonna have
to download it and reverse it so that
way you can have a free version of the
movie mmm stand right in front of the
picture excited you excited I'm blinded
blinded by the lights thing and turn it
into a big I feel like a little insect
withdrawn enjoy look we're about to go
into the x-men premiere and I can't I
can't film anymore otherwise they're
going to jump down and paratroop down
and just kill me so I got to turn you
off I'm turning it off okay I kinda
thought that they ripped him off a
little with the helmet yeah would you
think busca I kind of thought that they
ripped me off I didn't know it was mine
mind-reader proof does only reason to
wear I mean wait do you actually want to
end the vlog for me how dark this right
now Charles doc didn't probably not
redness you need sunlit vac ness say we
just probably the door open and just see
if we can make it time to go to bed that
we just got to see the x-men movie
pretty awesome alright goodnight LA see
you tomorrow bye guys ow
McCarthy waiter
worse psst
with children
would be an ally don't forget to anymore
you
