good afternoon stupid bugs yeah so I
feel like I haven't seen you all day
today I've been stuck in for the
computer editing and on the phone all
day cuz on Thursday we are actually
going to LA for about seven or eight
days I don't want to tell you exactly
why but it's really really really really
cool actually what we're gonna be going
to the premiere for Rise of the Planet
of the Apes and then I think we're gonna
go see the premiere of the new x-men
movie so I'm gonna film all that stuff I
won't film the movie because I can get
in trouble I can go up jail I don't want
to go to jail
ya know don't want to go Jim not not
gonna go to jail for filming a stupid
movie yeah just imagine like you go to
jail and they're like what are you in
for it's like I stole a car oh I punched
the grandma oh I I filmed the Planet of
the Apes movie was James Franco
you heard of him he was in that rock
climbing movie those bugs are coming at
me man
while we're out there we're gonna be
trying to like utilize our time and
we're gonna try to film a bunch of skits
for the Charles Trippy Channel I'm gonna
meet up with Band Chris and Felker you
know doctor zombie we might we might how
would you guys be into seeing a doctor
zombie - we're trying to write it but I
don't know fulfillment this this one but
yeah I really want to bring doctor
zombie back so if you have any ideas
what should dr. zombie do what kind of
doctor fees alright he's stupid gnats I
hate that so like there was useless
creatures on the planet super productive
and you know meet up with everybody and
all that fun so it's gonna be kind of
fun I haven't been we haven't been to LA
can you guys actually remember the last
time we've been out there I honestly
don't remember it's been a while we kept
going in New York and stuff like that
haven't gotten the other coast so we're
gonna do that on Thursday and it should
be fun and
stupid box if I go in the Sun do you
think they go away they'll go in the Sun
wait where's Zoe no Zoe what are you
doing back there are you hiding found
you totally found you you're it what
else is going on but yeah I was on the
phone trying to figure out all the plans
and flights and hotels and I'm gonna
actually okay this is gonna be a big
step for me because this is gonna be the
first time I rent a car and drive by
myself or with Ali I mean one of us
drives in LA so I am a little afraid
because it's pretty scary out there I
mean I live in Florida so we have all
the old people
swerving around trying to kill us but
now we're gonna have like old people and
yuppie people so we're going around
trying to kill Korea first is it true
that like the reason why Nats like swarm
around you like that is that they're
like mating and they use like stationary
objects or just objects as like a beacon
like a homing beacon right now they're
making their make it love all over this
camera so you guys are pretty disgusting
right now you don't even want to know
how many gnats are on this camera right
now
wow you guys just witnessed a miracle
Marley fetched something she actually
fetched two something let alone a
frisbee ready let's try to catch it
do you guys remember that one time we
were vlogging at the old place in Tampa
and Marley I was filming and Marley
almost caught it it was the only time
she's almost ever caught a frisbee
Marley
try again ready catch it ma uh I should
this culprit is video bug love it's so
disgusting oh and before I forget I got
an exclusive this is an exceeding
exclusive look at the new half life
cover art it leaked and I'm allowed to
show it to you guys you want to see it
wells brewed it was unbelievably rude
okay you ready for it ready I am
wait come to think about it Gordon
Friedman kind of looks a little bit like
me
valve steel my likeness just bugs on
your face
you gotta give props a very talented
CTFxC or did that and post it on our
facebook which by the way if you don't
like our facebook if you haven't liked
our facebook for shame or shame I'll put
a link down there you better go like it
you better go like it okay I'll come to
your house and I'll ask you nicely
Ben do anything violent I'm a well lover
not a fighter but you should really like
our Facebook because it's the cool thing
to do sit it's where the hatton and
people go to share photos and stories
and videos if you didn't know that now
you do now we're good I'm talking a lot
today aren't I does the dog and the
right look jealous of the dog on the
left doesn't he just look so jealous
evil you having a nice calm day today
yeah I don't know why I like to do this
angle on here I think it's just
something this is kind of weird isn't it
what's going on man what really is going
on with those sirens going on it's
normal that's crazy
be here what else could be doing this
little sucker that's kind of cool
weird like a little app that kind of
does like fake HDR video I don't really
see much of a difference it just kind of
saturates everything you know I mean
what do you guys see that right there
it's still kind of crappy yeah what do I
look like guys do I look snazzy hey this
guy looks pretty sweet bring obsessed
let's bring up the sach man let's bring
up the stats a little bit definitely a
novelty
today I'm on a mission I'm gonna try to
figure out what is wrong with their
little tiny fish I feel so bad he's just
like laying there like
like a fish cause the other fish way I'm
just gonna go to the pet store and see
what's is so dark
feels like the headlights out yeah pull
over I see
do I have one headlight out am I gonna
start singing that Wallflower song
please don't be out please don't be out
please don't be out
dear son of a goat run away Zoe the
robots gonna get you the robots
hates it's crossing the line it's
crossing the line
it's not supposed to cross the line
totally just did the robot has a mind of
its own now it totally just did like all
the way Murli it's got a mind of its own
I didn't come empty-handed you want to
see what I got you guys new frisbees go
get it do it that was good
you blocked it with your head Ready Set
1 2 and guess what else I got
she's already eating it that's why I got
to what's she doing you're watching this
right guys you're watching this frisbee
in the house bye you watch what happens
when I throw it one day okay no don't
eat it don't eat it oh my god she
destroyed it alright I'm the bad mom
go do that one she didn't take it away
yet okay I missed it
she's gonna take it away she's gonna
take it
one Zoe what is she doing I'm bored I
went to the pet store like I said and I
got some fish stuff so hopefully our
little dude will feel better where is he
where is he where is he where is he oh
he's still in there poor little guy the
girl said this should work so I gotta go
get my getup on so we can
freedom yeah a decent fist surgery fish
surgery
well not surgery but don't do that often
operate on you are you falling over
what's going on fish
it's supposed to be fish not supposed to
be complicated yeah he's the healthy one
he doesn't look so healthy right now
okay this is a delicate procedure and
all many key professionals are allowed
to do it's a delicate process only
professionals are allowed to do this
wait what are you doing being a
professional you're making a mess all
over my carpet is a mess okay okay all
right
don't mess with me when I'm operating
like a fish whisperer
Charles did not attend Medical School
and he did not attend veterinary school
nor did he attend fish doctor school or
whatever else he might say I looked at
up on Wikipedia oh no I didn't close it
all the way okay hey shake well it's
check remove activated carbon check if
possible double check add one teaspoon
per 10 gallons what is this ten will
this make me not have fin fin rot maybe
no this is very delicate give it over
the counter
oh yeah probably should do that thank
you doctor trippy very delicate
procedure
Oh up those you're gonna have to move it
all the way over here I just don't do it
right here you told me to you guys make
sure this doesn't go in the water over
drift in the water don't drink this
battle gotta gotta gotta god you're the
doctor you thinking uh did it go in okay
that's what she said oh okay honey
really
I'm only concerned about the fish do not
walk over the carpet with that Charles
honey doctor
okay you see what I'm wearing this is
seriously stressing me out you're gonna
get a nervous twitch there we go that
was easy care that a buddy okay where is
he there you go
Marley guess what I have well I smell it
oh that smells so delicious doesn't it
don't worry I'll give you something
really good to make up for she's like
you don't even actually kind of funny
you're more concerned that Ally's not in
the car all right yeah would you like if
I gave you a piece of pizza would you
eat it say no I'm just kind of concerned
you can't drive a car
you're a dog you look really
disappointed I don't know baby
even after drunk gaming sober gaming you
still can't get it so coming around the
whole Facebook thing somebody just
posted this photo and I want to show you
guys really quickly okay this is from
like MTV News or something and check out
the awesome shirt the kids wearing
okay the only other thing I want to
address is Justin Bieber has a perfume
what Oh Zoey you got a stuffed ally
goodnight Zoey
goodnight funny
with trippy
