hey guys good morning um so our internet
kind of capped out at our place so I
have to go down to the pool area and
their internet is so fast i'm uploading
miss Raines video would look at this
yesterday's videos almost eight hundred
megabytes 15 minutes it's like Superman
up internet i'm bored would call Ali
hello i'm bored what what are you doing
am I making you late well the pools nice
all right well I just wanted to bother
you I'm gonna go back to edit uploading
favio go go go go upload upload faster
faster what what are you guys still
doing in bed really is that what time it
is cuz i have a clunk over here that
says it's nearly two and you guys are
still sleeping you know what's really
funny I was just looking out there the
guy in the pool I was a dude that's a
legal battle thinking in my head and
then he got them like better light that
turned out or just his back hair so it's
kind of a
Oh what are you doing over there just
hanging out all right so everyone is
that telling me that I need to do
something to spruce up my desk you want
to see what I did yeah correct it's
pretty awesome come on or you guys think
what do you think is it spruced up now
pretty serious yep any other ideas I
feel like I'm shedding your duck tail
I'm in a member of Tiger Army right now
she'll wear my hair like this all the
time yeah the way done good let's go but
Sir Charles what has put gel in his hair
and wallet arrows left too much area on
too much hair gel Joyce book anyways
good show me what are you doing sexo
would you lie about time education
relations because like if you put too
much hair gel in and you screw it up and
then you have a bad hair anywhere you
have a thorough hey cut that out cut out
yesterday why did you leave
your aura should call these vlogs from
now on Charles an ally yeah Gerald's an
ally travel like from like one city to
another in the car we should just like
you know sell our we should sell
everything and just buy an RV and just
living in an RV at Airstream oh my god
we should do that which you want to get
a big like silk three like the silver
kaha Twinkie do anything cuz I'm right
driving unsafe Ali thought cruise
control man that if you turned it on
that the car would automatically drive
tell but I was fine ok forgot that
itty-bitty fire the store the curse
dress that would be amazing it's like
that Simpsons episode when the Homer
becomes a trucker remember that episode
last night I made Ali watch the Marge
vs. the monorail episode and that like
although everything that happened at
Disney World all my little monomial
jokes made sense to her now Mauro is
there a chess the track and Bend
something
no am I not a ton of knotted something
in my honor my handy friend not a chance
my new friend the top came off my
pudding can defy my eyes like a knife
been nice my goodness what about us
brain-dead slobs
about you pick it up cushy jobs we have
somebody who can help you is it Batman
that means not a scientist yeah that's
like my favorite line in the simpsons is
like Homer we have something help you is
it Batman no it's a scientist that Miss
a scientist this is the song that
Twitter is revolve around everyone just
totally Lili me later really dude I give
you a bath what was it yesterday all
right well whatever go swimming enjoy
yourself can you get it she really likes
that giant frisbee I oh I oh it's off to
work I go as a pirate dog it's crazy how
much you like doing that bar getting an
inning inning inning inning inning
inning inning inning inning inning and
internet did it it it it it Adam Shh
cowabunga mar so you want to go surfing
one day guys that free
they got some pretty natural balance
radical when you were 12 eating waffles
on a Barbie play more like six six or
more like 21 LOL no worries bro just
give me a call when you get out of
filming period just wanted to see if i
need to bring anything or said anything
location it's up while we're out there
period have fun ! it's a safe way to do
this safeway hands-free i mean at the
whole look at that it's like Chris
control no hands that's pretty actually
you want to see something really good at
that penis balls fuck dead hell damn
please sit out mind us stars
okay so if you say the word it's
obviously not going to do it what I
would if I go
make it sound of funny saw so don't
forget to subscribe thumb up and leave a
comment ! ! !
it worked haywards their face there's a
drum your face your face is struck your
face is a junk your face your face is
drum oh my boom box hi it would happen
next so remember last night I promised
you guys that I would find or I try to
find um those clips from when my old
band played state theater I've been
trying to find them I think it might be
this box right here yeah look at that
those are all the tapes so let me see if
I can go through that I'm knocking
everything now but I mean it has like oh
you guys almost witness me thank you
kill myself um yeah see here if I can
leave this open yeah see these are all
the tapes of just various things hi Zoe
you're up I don't know like this is from
uh what is this well when Corey and I
did the hiccup video on Charles Trippy
channel this is from wind Phil
paintballed me this is from New York
this is from what I got a hundred
thousand subscribers this is what the
Nintendo Wii sucks video I did it's kind
of funny having all these let's see here
what is that oh the merry christmas one
still nothing let's see here oh this is
dog squirrel chasing a dog school
chasing a squirrel that's a yea I think
it was last video I actually shot my old
camera this is the Fred water tape in
the roflcopter tape oh and Ali's uh i
Justine spoof that she did the 303 well
it turns out that um yeah I went through
all the tapes and it turns out that
they're actually not in there I
completely forgot that I actually put it
on the computer so without further ado I
don't know every single time I say say
that I always I always do that anyway
okay so two things before i show you
some of these
oops one ignore the hair to see if you
can find me after I said ignore the hair
and three the recording was on a camera
I was like equivalent to like uh one of
these cameras but over in 2005 2004 2003
I don't know a long ass time ago this is
a serious long time ago another reason
why I want to show you guys this is bad
it's bad I admit it um it's because I
thought it was kind of cool because you
know it's it's kind of fun because you
know I'll probably lose this footage and
I always have these daily vlog so I
might as well throw it in here so you
know dear future grandchildren and
children of mine that stumbled upon this
by googling your father's name or your
mother's name yeah so this is this is
your father or grandchildren and
grandfather when he was like 17 or 18
years old playing music in the band well
rappy like you know that comedian has
like you know like grandparents are
gonna be listening to rap anyway I
digress
you
it doesn't a productive doesn't know to
drop still needs work stuff in his
barbarous that's probably a good thing
yes the song is named over their country
can you guess which one I mean there's
only like 50 it's almost like the third
bar but I think there's one see bars of
India yeah stay right there
oh you just got pointed out slide that
moment I get it doesn't happen when I
stood up and did this no no see if you
told me to shut up or say anything like
the song will run I will keep talking
I'm blessed with the gift of gab and I
can talk for hours hours this sucks for
ironman me but there's my ball two
cigarettes you earlier now he's like
you
that's baby I every also do it but we
started to do this I thought it was a
video fairy serving a wealth of emojis
at all and stuff you know what our
schools
Thanks all these omens are beyond our CD
which will be finished tomorrow
automobile we're going out to learn to
love is bad for my under constant King I
know you guys have disease
throwing out some fun
Oh
and we're gonna shut it down right there
no but ever that this was from 2002
possibly 2003 just after I graduated
high school and I just want to kind of
want to show it because I feel like I'm
gonna lose the footage otherwise and I
feel like putting it in like in the
daily videos allows me to save it a
little bit better but I mean like it's
kind of cool because it's kind of like a
really intimate thing where like I never
thought this would go online you don't
mean I thought I was gonna be my
personal thing and if somebody would
have said there was a CTFxC a YouTube
and uh on top of it all that like that I
would be a part of it I would have just
laughed you know as we do these daily
videos i'll throw in like little VHS
stuff for you know for my family when I
was little you know growing up Ali when
she was growing up and I feel like it'll
be a cool way to remember things cuz
that's what these are for you know like
this is kind of like documenting our
life our lives I should say well that
was my old band it was suspense thriller
and it sucks because i haven't seen when
all i got married i saw a couple of the
guys the guy that was just kind of like
standing by the drums I saw him but I
haven't seen Travis a singer I haven't
seen chris the other singer and
guitarist i haven't seen the drummer
Adam probably yeah probably since like
2005 when we did like a reunion show
with we the kings and no I mean I
haven't seen forever kind of sucks
because you know it was central it was a
cool part of my you know it was like
when high school years you know my early
college years too if you guys want the
CD that we were talking about or Travis
was talking about like the one that was
being mastered back then i'll put a link
in the sub where you can download it for
free i'm not gonna put on itunes i'm not
gonna charge you you guys can have a
free if you want to use it for your
videos just link it back to the CTFxC or
something like that so oh you know what
we should do a secret code to see if
everyone watch the video okay the secret
code for today is gonna be we need more
red hair in the monitors that's what I
want to see in the contents alright guys
I hope you guys liked it a little
glimpse in my past I will see you
tomorrow goodnight
see what you did
hardly wait
hey where's easy at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
with chubby and hairy don't forget to
eat more
you
