you know what the funniest thing about
having a dog or on our case dogs is it
doesn't matter what time it is it could
be like 4:00 in the morning 6:00 in the
morning 3:00 in the afternoon if you try
to sneak a piece of cheese you can they
hear this noise cheese wrapper all I got
to do is just go like this
just waiting I don't know what it is
about cheese guys cheese is just like it
this tastes like nothing you guys like
your own butts just listen to this chomp
good job and the piece for me hey hey
don't get okay you want to go to the
punk rock show that what you're doing so
today is throwing out Marley yes this
band everyone wants to know what this
tattoo is it's the logo for the bands
trying out the first punk rock band that
I ever really got into and they're
playing in Saint Pete and we're going to
it and I'm dragging Ally even though she
doesn't like that type of music it
doesn't matter if she wanted to go see
Justin Bieber I would know I wouldn't go
to that if she wanted to go see Lady got
no I would go to that if she wanted to
go see some forty-one I would go to that
though Marley you have a booger in your
nose
see boogers there's a bit of bad news
though you know our little our little
quarry fish the little white guy this
guy he's like 2 years old he's been
since the beginning he's not dead by the
way no he's not dead his remember when
we hit the frogs his right fin would
always be they would eat his fin and
then it would grow back I don't know if
that's possible but something would
happen it would form some sort of weird
I don't know
super fin he's like a baby Nemo but
recently his dorsal fin is like
disappearing and I don't know how to fix
him so it's really kind of sad because I
mean we've had him for like two years
which is really a long time for a fish
so if so if any of your fish experts
know what we can do to help him I know
there's part of some sort I don't think
it's fish rot or a fin rot because keeps
going back it's weird it's a mutant
before ever again I was reading the
comments from yesterday and you guys
were making fun of me in my desk how
it's like super boring the thing is I
don't know what what do I put on it
today I thought you know having this
picture from Ali's skydiving my little
Bioshock doll I thought that was pretty
you know interesting I don't know you
guys have any ideas what should I put
what would make my desk awesome would it
be better if I put my creepy doll
remember this guy that better just you
know I can have my doll staring at me
all the time
Charles is a very sad man I just I just
called daddy cool which is like the
company okay it's a company that owns
state theater and apparently the
strung-out show is sold out
I've been going to shows since I was his
first show I ever went to was actually a
good written show and it was that good
prints had a face to face show actually
and I was 14 years old
been going to shows ever since I never
buy tickets advance because Ticketmaster
sucks you know like you know you buy a
ticket for 10 bucks and it comes $35
with Ticketmaster I am sad and I feel
like such an idiot though like but I was
just telling Ally it's never happened
ever before so I'm trying all my
connections that I have to see and if
you know what I'm gonna try to sneak in
maybe I don't know we're gonna still
make the drive and there's no fingers
crossed but I don't know I feel like
such an idiot
alright we decided we're gonna still go
we're gonna see if we can deal with
maybe some scalpers actually scalp is
illegal is there otherwise I'm sneaking
in I'm gonna be I'm just gonna like
MacGyver my way through the building
what do you think you think really I'll
do it it's funny because the guys sort
of sold out and there's no one here how
many tickets are left
so we might actually do it look at that
guys did a little sweet talking I showed
a little cleavage and guess what we made
it yeah it's so late I totally was like
hey you know look at this look at this
the guy was like oh you can come in sir
you can come in it's really funny
because I played here I actually had
footage I played here yeah I actually
have footage I'll put maybe at the end
of this vlog it's not too long I'm still
warn you this is probably be a very
music heavy blog just because once
someone like their dancer plans but at
the end I'm gonna put a couple clips
from when I played here probably seven
years ago and it would be kind of weird
it actually didn't look like this this
actually feels a lot smaller than it did
so many times I went around in to got
hit in the head fell on that floor
youthful memories teenage angst remember
that when I showed you guys all my
photos when you go blonde spiky hair
yeah you think's right there are you
gonna go in the mosh pit no you're never
too old for a mosh pit Ally's preparing
she's pre-gaming she's gonna be the one
doing the windmills
you know what the funniest thing is I
remember coming to shows when I was
little and like during this time waiting
you only mean like waiting for the show
start when you just sit there like to
sit on the floor now everyone has cell
phones so everyone's tweeting it's
really going on it
you're gonna add reply here
starting to fill up a little bit more
princess mei-li who's called Cairo here
you
what I can't hear you dick what did you
hear that you dick
so that was strung out guys I know it
was probably super loud
next time I'll like you know I'll ask
the band maybe you know to turn it down
for you for you old people did you like
them can you guys believe that we
actually made it at the sold-out show
like just wires
I was a very sad man when I was a
habitat I really ought to say what it
was so bad if I would have I was screw
up like that bad I was so upset anyway
we made it get here
sometimes it was a good rock show the
job gets fun Jeff fine but he said what
white light grocery what you saw what
what some ketchup what what they
mentioned on the internet that I didn't
force you to come so they don't go all
you make or listen to such crappy music
shut your face very very lively very
lively like mad respect that
I know this is the singer this guy I
want to do like I want to get like if I
get another tattoo I don't want to go
plunger tattoos I got like a quarter
sleeve and I won't have I get anyone I'd
like to do it it would be him to do like
this scientific computer we go binary
awesome nerdy thing yes by God
actually you know it's not so bad I
can't hear anything you hear it still
thank you so II like I have to have like
noise otherwise I hear that
like tinnitus that's like when you have
the constant ringing a lot of musicians
get it it's like that that would drive
me insane to have that now it's time to
edit I promise never I was saying that I
have some footage of me playing at that
same venue State Theater this is already
kind of late I don't even know what
where it is it's probably my tapes
somewhere I'm not gonna do it tonight
but I look forward tomorrow and
hopefully I can get put in the neck for
tomorrow or the day after video all
right guys well my head to bed I'm just
gonna hit export right now and I know
today's video is very jam-packed with a
bunch of music get a jam packed it was a
music vlog look at this it's like what
you just saw but I'm I'm talking to you
now it's like crazy editing magic no the
reason why I wanted to show to you I
know this type of music is not for
everybody obviously but it's just
something because this these guys have
been a band since 91 92 27 20 years
almost 20 years and they've never really
hit mainstream but they've kept at it
keep making killer music you know kept
touring and it's definitely respectable
like even if it's not your style of
music and that's kind of like what I
wanted to show you guys you know the
Internet is for sharing and opening your
mind but maybe some of you guys actually
like it and are now fans which is
awesome you know we can bond on
strung-out this also I wanted to do
another little secret phrase today in
the comments cuz you guys like that the
other day and it kind of shows me if you
guys watch the whole video so if you
watch the whole video and you're
listening to me now type in Donnie's
discount gas has the cheapest prices in
all the land so that way when people
read the comments are like what the heck
is
talking about anyway I'm gonna hit
export right now and head to bed because
I'm exhausted but I hope you guys had
fun I hope you guys enjoyed it and I
will see you guys tomorrow
wait
a word psst
with y'all trippin
we're
with Josephine early
