this is what I want in this but in this
room - I thought he was working
oh go crazy Zoli head bang
head bang head bang head bang head bang
Charles has lost his mind
I feel like this is like Back to the
Future all over again
oh is that how that picture frame keeps
getting knocked over they love it like a
Miley they're so happy why isn't it a
focus now there's a little wiggle butts
whenever you play space
how long have you been watching that
yeah yeah what are you looking for could
it be that little stick right there how
does she know that's there somebody
found it all right you guys probably
should get down so you don't let you get
yourself here there you go that what you
wanted
go get it you dingbat no I don't want
hairspray come on no no no hairspray the
camera he's freaking top of the camera
now ally go away you stop instigating
I'm getting really pumped up because
strung-out is playing tomorrow yes if
you guys are in the area go to the
strung-out show in st. Pete I haven't
seen strung out probably oh my gosh I
think it's been like five years six
years so we're gonna go and I'm gonna be
Ali's first time ever sing strung out
some on educating yourself
we're gonna stop place it would say hey
you like that huh no don't do the
Knowles Chuck that'll get you that'll
get you ran by a bull I gotta get some
some makeup for our video wow I forgot
to tell you guys we're going to LA we
make outfits out of that unless we
charge you and spear you and gore you
know we Gore you with our Spears are
built-in Spears on our head yeah but
I'll touch base on the whole going to LA
California in a couple weeks actually a
couple days all right
there's some but I'll have the color
you're so creepy whoo it's done yeah how
many this face has been in that look
it's my old college
u.s. us us stuff you what's up
you rest up you rest up we got to do
Bulls got to do the Bulls gotta do the
Bulls see we have a cool little logo the
Bulls logo that's pretty sweet
think of it what what FSU everyone it's
true ladies my old job I used to work
there
oh no we're gonna stop oh you can't see
but like go look on my old Charles
Trippy channel guys I did used to do
videos on top of all that stuff I used
to sneak up there when I would start a
movie and then I would just go up there
and hang out like on top of the big
purple dome blue dome whatever go look
no we got to bury it we got to bury it
back up give dirt on your head weirdo
where did you find that you're not
supposed to be eating this Marley you
gotta stop humping here dude you got to
stop doing that you're getting a little
ridiculous come on get it you gotta stop
you gotta stop
you're very odd you're very odd dog
sorry Zoey it is so strange
Zoey just kick her ass and now you just
stand on top of her I don't I don't know
what you're trying to do what are you
doing how hard you're getting me all
dirty cept ode sup beetle hey guys time
to hit the gym gotta get all buffing hot
and stuff for summer gotta get my beach
bod on Mary last time
totally not a natural sound
tonight is going to be a very stormy
night that looks so cool though and Tony
is something that's like dangerous is
lightning could be so like inspiring and
mesmerizing like I always think like
what what did the people you know like
cavemen and things like that I think
what did they think when they saw
thunder or hurricanes or like whoa they
did the brains had to explode
Wow did you see how struggling with the
word explode today kids you learn how to
say explode properly yay I thought I
could beat it
yeah just save $15 at the grocery store
using two coupons what what um bump oh
it's a little victories in life I said I
promise you just the little victories in
life that keep you going check it out
check it out check it out check it out
chick chick check it out check it out
check it out check it out check it out
check it out
good you checked it out good guess you
saved 15 bucks
Oh high five it's an elbow tickle tickle
check it out check it out check it out
are you still drinking water looks like
I peed myself like all over the place
it's just rain it's just rain just rain
I promise I guess today I'm just gonna
make a boring turkey burger tomorrow
though it's not some office tomorrow
staring out I found this awesome recipe
recipe I got this awesome recipe I
promise I had no count-outs the first
thing I walked in the door I was like
did you have an energy drink didn't have
one didn't have it just high on life
everything you know what it is every
time it rains I get all hyper but it's a
really cool one and I'm really excited
for that one but for now you know what
I'm just will be boring a little bit
bland and just whatever and now to top
it off
all done dance and stuff that I'm stance
they're all right about look it up
Marley's aside and finish that puppy
who's that puppy
damn straight okay wait Rick and shit
Luca Singh
hold on a minute that's okay I'm too
fast I'm too awesome I can't be I can't
be captured on folk like a pope again
speak goodbye
wait
worse yet
giddy with trippy
yeah
with trippy an ally
