good morning yes look at the paint job
and the paint job
but the best restaurant is spot you just
bought her a whole lot
we just do it back in shock for this
after a few long you can remember karma
going 45 it's kind of crazy today I
don't even know to the Hockey Hall said
because I would grill stuff for you go
ahead
I've been gone for about a month and a
half to my town to get money me in the
country why to get mental powers are far
below that's why I was trying to find
out
no no we got these again yep you begin
see dojo is online to feature the most
uncomfortable sleep in the world happen
to have the whole time
two Jet's traveling with you people lied
to both my girls
the windows
the millipede scaled slightly spread
whatever unless you're in one of these
feet and you aren't paying attention you
get stuck me by the way do a little
alcohol I'm sorry I suppose
haleh's brand-new video will be live
tomorrow her channel youtube.com slash
Valley West and into the description
could go check it out after this video
to the year for the double play
slave trinkets all
yeah cause ignorant
here's like how this one goes this way
to the other way you like it down and
biggest be almost all my walls but not
padding
by the way it's a video that Ali and I
both did together my first time
engineering in three my one go check
that out quick live on one our session
so you can click the roll I either here
or here from one of these little
sections a video do I say your check
check check it out now
here's a little preview I'm sure you can
figure out what's he doing I think she
actually did a pretty good job being
able to check it out
finally did it
I'll do the Hangout whole loaf I miss
them connected
our home until their future we're
screw-ups our pack
party number one Joker constantly
building model yet almost couple and
beat up my apparently Marley started and
I think at the result she an old nip in
the nose actually get a little thing
from her head
anyway so she picked the fight with Zoey
a couple days ago
and now it takes you had something on
her nose as well as went behind our head
compartment to the bed but she's getting
all startup she's just like me when I
fought that shark and I got scars on my
face whether they did the baby finger
Sheriff
really think
washing machine
obviously we're home to step one go get
the pups step 2
I'm excited I finally for at least a few
weeks get to unpack my suitcase this
thing's been packed for a good what I
say one that I have two months I finally
can stop living in a suitcase you have
no idea how excited I am for that I know
it sounds stupid we have no idea how
excited as much as we love to be alert
and as long as we love going to the vine
there's something so magical about being
home but there's going to Disney Sun
with their magical magic yes the way so
is like something magic about always
being home or whatever we said lady said
I don't like it keep any of the Disney
movie ok oh no no welcome to bomb or nay
I'll get the bus I'm so excited here's
the cutest dog on the plane welcome oh
you found them and then dude
obviously the stalk was on the plane the
entire time we were there so it was five
hours and didn't start making noise
until the very very end and we were
trying to figure something out and I
don't know if you guys know this so you
know like when you're in a plane and
you're descending or you're ace
ascending and your ears like papads if
you can't pop your ears it's really
really painful do dogs go through that
when the dog was doing I was doing the
same thing you don't know I was never at
all who
cuz I was whining and I was whining oh
my gosh hey hey I might ask you one too
okay hiding you big boy big big boys do
that Greenpeace goodness you gotta jump
in jump or green doodle legs is better
oh yeah we do that often try get your
foot I think yeah baby became a little
of course popcorn bring the whole come
are you wanna go home Scarface you stay
here
crazy man survey sit down
will show what happened so it so II did
actually I probably what you did Missy
you did this you picked a fight stop it
stop it
okay you got a scar there and you have
to start up there you want to show it
off have a scar there and you will scar
up there in the head about his new
nickname is Scarface can I have your box
thank you can I have both box please
come here come in Kevin oh yeah Harley's
like yeah bleep I fidget Center I'm not
surprised for VidCon alone now it
surprised we got to teach morally
awesome well good it the thing about
when you come back home it's like you
know you get Justin you start tuning
they realize Larry completely like
cleaned out our fridge because we were
on the Memphis or interpreted before
though it's wise we had like no food
here I'm so happy that you're happy
so guys laughed at me on the way here
what because I guess I was taking my
turn too slow I put my blinker on and I
like I hesitated because other chopper
was coming this way and I'm going this
way
so you need to take a right on a ray
turn on bread somewhere like long time
me and like held on his horn I looked
out the window and I was like I had the
other better night like that I started
telling story all the service no but
still I picked me up and made me very
frustrated
Zig do you believe digits of your trend
no by December
I guarantee this is going to be done no
well remember how like those electronic
little boards were like where the two
wheels and you're right there was a
trend now they kind of think that was
internship now is the trend remember
what that was a cool blue super trend is
like Silly Bandz actually does it turns
out everyone was buying on track no your
trend was hoverboards that's what I'm
talking about that's it
so I'm sorry the hoverboards I overboard
with are a friend you should actually
bring us out
I can't know they're blowing up that's
why I didn't bring my plan say I need to
get into like the news side of social
media I'm not really a into it at all
lastly guys you have no idea how much it
feels good to just be able to take a
walk around the neighborhood just kind
of decompress and not have to like run
around I know I say that kind of a lot
like oh it's so good to be home but
honestly it's just so good to be home
and just walk Scarface and Zozo and then
go for a run after or it's good this
weekend between going out to these
parties and eating junk food I just feel
so disgusting you know like that feeling
worse is like you I think it's like
every time we travel you end up not
being able to eat properly so you end up
eating the crappiest foods late at night
which is the worst thing you possibly do
are we going over here now Osen no
what's going on
as you can see I just was running some
little disheveled you got anything here
good Ali's video is now live so please
go check it out I'll put it up to the
eye the eye right there or description
below so go check it out you do that cop
/ Ally West I'm in it so go check it out
also if you're brand new you came up
from another channel just randomly
travel this video please don't forget to
subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always
gameplay best screw that up after 3,000
days almost 3000 days I should say bye
guys
you
