good morning everyone
actually I'm going to say good late
afternoon everyone it is five o'clock oh
I'm sleepy are you sleepy yesterday was
an amazing long day we spent about 13
hours at Disney World
Epcot MGM was the other one man MGM Oh
Hollywood what was the other place Magic
Kingdom that's right
and if you missed it a lot of people
were having problems with the
subscription box again and you know this
is yesterday's video and it was an
interactive video playing on a bunch of
rollercoasters and it was pretty awesome
which one was your favorite my favorite
the video that we shot I think was the
teacups
because when Ali was spinning around but
it's always fun to do we interact the
vlogs every once in a while just because
I feel like it switches things up a
little bit we've done it a pet in the
past with like Busch Gardens Universal
Studios Six Flags if you have never seen
those actually I'll put a link for those
in our video description you can go
check out the other interactive vlogs a
lot of awesome rollercoasters over there
so yeah we're gonna go pick up the dogs
from Ali's parents house right now
because the house is too quiet it is so
weird every like a couple hours I'm just
like on clockwork just to take the dogs
out to play or go to bathroom and things
like that and not doing that is freaking
me out
like I'm just thrilling five six years
I'm just that's what I'm so used to
we're gonna go get the dogs and see what
everyone else is doing is really Twitter
and I'm just going to show you guys a
conversation that just happened okay
hold on really quick so this kid named
John said if I could hang out with three
people I'd go for Dane Cook Charles
Trippy Skrillex they all seem like the
nicest people in the world then mr. Dane
Cook said how weird I'm hanging out with
Charles tripping at Skrillex right now
we were all just saying how much we
don't like you very much
smiley face then I wrote Dane Cook you
jerk you pinky promised you wouldn't say
anything like Skrillex and my
reputations are ruined a celebrity it
just brings them down to everyone's
level no everyone's like yeah yeah makes
everybody happy
which is really interesting I don't know
if you guys did this I used to write I
got a book of like celebrity addresses
and they're all peel boxes and I would
write to like Dan Marino a Frank Thomas
and hope to get like an autograph and
like you wait months so I've actually
waited it took two years to get an
autograph dan Marino and I'm sure it's
fake but like that's what we used to
have to do now you just like out reply
your favorite celebrity like and then
you get like a response what a weirdo
every single time hello this is why I
can't ever go anywhere I can't even
remember what it was like when we came
back from Spain like it was like they
didn't even know us oh they had a puppy
party good what you doing boga I don't
know who's happier Charles or Zoe and
this one why are they gross she's like
what I wasn't leaking my mouth no mouth
is off-limits now hey yeah
look their blinkers and synchronization
that's blinking the same time if you
can't catch this your dingus get it good
she's out of dingus and now another
installment of Charles really likes to
shoot in slow motion
so it's definitely a lot easier to do
slow-motion with the giant thing are you
gonna throw up alright ready
I still trying to find that squirrel I
don't know if I told you guys this the
other day when they were out here we
were playing a squirrel got trapped over
here and Zooey Marley pinned it they
actually Marley actually got a squirrel
didn't like hurt it but she sat on it
ever since then she keeps going right
over there like looking for that I don't
think that squirrels what is a squirrel
it might be dumb enough but yeah so
everyone's saying that Marley can't
catch a squirrel it actually happened
and it was it was that day I don't know
if you guys remember like I filmed it I
was like oh hey squirrel
oh there's Marley and it was like just a
quick clip that's all I got so to answer
everyone's question yeah I guess Marley
is quick enough first squirrel set go
get off the rebound oh yeah oh hi
now we're Zoey oh I Zoey
so keeping with the whole Twitter thing
today somebody else does that replied I
guess there's something called TNA
wrestling I guess it's like WWF they
sent a screenshot and apparently I don't
know if you guys can see it see if it
switches over can you see what's in the
background right there
somebody's wearing a CTFxC for haters
hoodie it's kind of funny I don't even
know what a TNA Wrestling is but that's
pretty cool yeah so sorry I passed out
for a few hours
I've been fighting I kind of feel kind
of crappy today I think it's the lack of
sleep because yesterday we were going
for oh my I think we're going for 13 or
14 hours and then you know we're at the
park you know filming all the rides and
stuff for like I think 12 or 13 hours
and then when I came home I added I did
till about like 5 or 6 in the morning
and then I had to wake up around 10
o'clock and start uploading everything
and you know getting all the links ready
so everyone had like a working
interactive vlog so I'm needless to say
really really really tired alleys
hanging out with
one right now and I decided that head
over to the house really quickly and
kind of pass out early I feel really
guilty I feel really bad that the video
is not very interesting today but like I
know like you know these are supposed to
be vlogs of our daily life so you know
like I always I always make the
connection with people like oh this blog
is boring it's like well I can't punch a
shark in like you know scissor kick a
baby through you know a field goal I
would I want to scissor kick a baby you
know what I mean like I can't do that
every single day and I you guys
understand most of you guys understand
I'm sure you know that Roly goes down
there
well we'll trow leo themself out of the
bridge you know what it is it's kind of
like we don't have okay you know if you
have excuse for haters right we don't
have like haters like so much as we have
just a herd of turkeys following us
CTFxC is for turkeys no I feel I feel
really bad and I kind of wanted to make
it up to you but I was like you know
what how can I make it up to the
Internet you don't even you guys have
everything Internet has everything I was
trying to figure out how I can make up
for such a short vlog and you know just
you know kind of dropping the ball today
I don't feel like drop the ball cuz
yesterday's video was like 28 no it was
like 30 minutes long so you guys
probably we're still watching that video
I asked my mom to scan you guys ago like
this I asked my mom to scan every photo
from I think like kindergarten to my
senior year of high school and send it
to me so what I'm gonna do is I'm going
to thoroughly embarrass myself by
showing you every embarrassing school
photo from that I hope this makes up for
my lack of energy today you guys could
definitely make fun of me in the
comments because I was a nerd and I
don't know if you can see my mullet in
some of the photos yes I had a mullet so
that was even about a blonde mullet all
I needed to be doing was holding like a
thing of like taps beer like Blue Ribbon
beer and a koozie Cup and wearing
flannel I hope this makes it up for you
guys
I think Ally is filming over there with
everybody and then she'll come home and
then all you know in the morning edit
everything together this better make up
for it
thank my mom's they thank mama trippy
for this one she was blessed she was
probably saving this she's like you know
one day my son's gonna be making videos
for the Internet and I'll get to
embarrass him for everybody
instead of like showing you like you
like that whole thing we're like you
show you your your boo mom shows you're
your prom date the most embarrassing
photos my moms showing it to a few
hundred thousand so no big deal I guess
so my mom my mom had a plan even though
the internet wasn't really invented when
she bought it was doing that I will you
I will see you tomorrow but they'll
probably be some clips of Ali so I'm
gonna go pass out and I rambled way too
much I wonder how many people actually
you know if anyone's actually watching
this entire this entire rant of me or
not random but this entire little thing
of me talking I want everyone to say the
word or the phrase pumpernickel bread
and peanut butter sauce in the comments
that'll just show who's actually
actually you know saying or will
actually pay attention so pumpernickel
bread
on peanut butter sauce we'll see how
many people do that all right I'll see
you guys a little later here's some
embarrassing photos
so far none of these fortunes have been
the funny ones when I'm filming Hey so
I'm trying to find like a funny fortune
that you add in bed to up and you can't
read that and so far none of these are
funny
let's crack open a new one some
assistance not advice in a crisis do not
wait for others to open the right doors
for you okay now this is probably the
weirdest one I've ever seen if you want
to win anything
race yourself your life you have to go a
little person you want to win your wife
yes I very much do
camera shake you because I why I can't
hold them still in the bad tripod okay
hello well it's technically tomorrow but
this video is gonna be happening on the
day of my cousin's graduation from her
high school Kim I love you and
congratulations to all of you guys class
of 2011 they came to see you
whatever Wow
safe driving safe driving if you want to
check out some of the other awesome
rollercoaster interactive awesomeness
look in the video description below if
you're watching this on a mobile device
what get your booty on the computer so
you can click and click on the
interactive goodness for shame just
kidding I love you I'm a robot anyway
today was random like what weird man but
that's how we're all okay thanks love
you bye
Mircea taxi
don't forget
