wise decision I don't know why did you
this is kind of interesting I want that
car so I think this thing goes like 620
16 like point zero zero one second I've
not really that fast but how fast is
this code you know how fast
let's proceed to the prom text you got
it
ok I'm going to take it right up to the
commis get the brilliancy like super
let's demonstrate some extreme
conditions
you can see me holding the camera good
fun pretty bi yeah it's funny I was just
talking to corey i feel that felt like
just more of like a like a promo ad to
build cars it was it was cool that we're
sure they would have went around like a
few times at 70 miles an hour that was
pretty cool that way so yeah we went
single ride when I'll single riders so
we weren't all next year job mr. yelling
I'm using your yelling yes my house yeah
all right well click my face and he'll
take you back to the video and we're
gonna go I think we're going to magic
kingdom now so click over there and
it'll try to torch you over click click
click click click good okay cool say
over
