good I'm glad you're not a big baby
let's go on it the Hollywood Tower Hotel
what do you think this elevators been
checked glass you scared you can do it
the Internet's coming with us it's a
very peaceful walk music forget the
luggage again
I would totally stay in a hotel like
this would be like if it were not under
water you're gonna get punched in the
face again you persuaded you can you
gesture to do it so everyone's doing it
there was a terrified
there was a three-year-old and a
princess costume that's just in front of
us they're falling
why there goes you were discovered
just doing random alley shake there
wasn't that back doctor dear may
universal three words
yeah never been on do you like it can
you see me holding the camera top laughs
all right that was fun so click right
here are my things actually you can
click on Cory's back of his head right
now and it'll take you right back to
where you left off so just click on
Cory's head and we'll go ride some more
rides like I said if you're on a mobile
device you can click the link down there
but I would probably recommend today's
video watching on a computer all right
click his head I hope we'll see you over
there
