glad we don't have a lot of babies here
on the internet that were UN it's just
like it's a one-way right into the clip
and it just explodes momentous explosion
so why did why did the Aerosmith have a
roller coaster when was the need for
Aerosmith to have a roller coaster one
two
so surprising all their playing itself
over and over
please turn this Aerosmith off - so you
know Wisconsin to your left and look
behind requirement if you're trapping
the kids be sure to keep an eye on them
and remember that you'll need to still
all bags and anxiety Queen Queen Selena
Selena Gomez who's Michael mitchel Musso
and all-star weekend I don't feel like
Queens the out of place one on this one
right now what's gonna happen
said you like it Jessie I know you guys
can't see I promise they'll be more like
like daylight ones I think magic aimed
up there's like that the tight points
Thunder Mountain I'll be able to do that
one but uh yes look at my face I'll take
it back to the video I'm going to go
watch a car like demolition stunt show
so go check it out shut out over there
okay I'm gonna go over there now so I
will be over there
