oh boy
levy correctly
this is Charles this morning for black
toast what in the hell okay it's really
true
was it Dane Cook who the hell sent that
joke that was like if one and two is
black what the hell is the black setting
on a toaster yeah that's like one of the
lowest settings that I always use and it
burned the crap out of it I can't use
this is why I cook food things this is
what it's taught you put the thing up is
why the woman of the really that's why
I'm the man cuz I fix things
hammered stuff and drill holes and
things that probably don't need to have
holes in them it never gets old it never
gets old I think she just peered into
your souls on that one okay okay it's
healthy good for your breath I don't get
it
how excited are you right now hands on
the wheel Ali's gonna go get her
graduation present okay hug Jima or Jima
gave her a gift card so she Allie Allie
is a little alleys in Turkey and doesn't
know her own address so we have to go
pick it up from the UPS no don't count
it off no no yes it is
turkey turkey your turkey this gobble
gobble gobble turkey over here is
driving over and we have to go find a
UPS store or wherever the heck this is
basically having to flag down every
single UPS truck yeah turkeys now yes
you can
they have talents well turkeys and
talents if Klaus talent I think I'm like
mad like Raptor Jurassic Park like you
being out goes like this you say clicky
big toe midget feet like no no I think
the proper term is little people go into
the belly of the beast why he's
terrifying
you know wimp happy you're gonna open it
now the unboxing of what you got for
graduation all those years in college
what did you choose ba-bump a bag so
you're a happy dance yeah I don't
understand you girls I don't understand
why it wise these little things for it's
a purse you have a purse it's yellow
it's very yellow
I'm sure there's nothing special in here
phone call as your graduation present oh
it's full of more oh my lord
it's got polka dots
all right Ali and I are having a little
bit of a disagreement about the
direction of the store what if you're
right
fine you're right it divides I'm related
to it okay and if I'm right what do I
get
anything no fair that is not fair we win
form even though that's not how that
works
you got lucky I got so lucky
oh you got right no cuz you could have
gone on the Crosstown expressway but
that's that was the way I was saying
this is the one time ever ever you were
right the one time you've ever been
right driving you match so we're back
here because Ali wants to get some glass
for her bamboo ooh
breaking the rules sweet taste of
victory
I wasted one
get that yeah the gray one that's Zoe's
prize Marley's prize is gonna be a lot
of food cuz though he doesn't like toys
he got a rather than shoulder
mrs. Charles trying to figure out how to
put this bed down I got it
no you're just moving the bed the cover
you're not it's just going back and
forth by making fun of me you can't even
get it to work now so that's the parking
fail
beep beep beep beep beep now I can get
in the car yes best parking job ever so
I got a phone call from Best Buy
regarding my my dead camera anyway so
they told me to call and I did and they
said that the I don't know what happened
but it the damage exceeded you know
repairing it so they said I could just
get a new one well that cameras just
continued so yes so they let us actually
have the 300 HS for free and then they
gave us like a $50 gift card because it
was cheaper than the other camera the
girl was doing the register that was
telling me all these like it was like
good news good news better news I'm
sitting here like my feet were going
like this I was like dancing around how
he's just like just trying to calm down
just try to calm down do we get home
awesome
I guess this proves always by the
warranty oh and I forgot to tell you
guys yesterday look in the video
description I randomly selected two
winners from the Samsung contest so
those Twitter people down there are in
the video description but don't worry if
you didn't win this one we're gonna have
another contest either late this week or
early next week
hey Ali welcome to my Food Mart go easy
I want a little bit rock caffee's are
delicious
first my like illness he goes crazy you
can't let them near this stuff I like
nuts no all right yeah I got a mousse
for you Marley
I got a mousse get the mousse get it my
holy crap that was like so smooth oh
she's so like just like very gingerly
trying to get it she doesn't know what
to do it's so fun she's having a boy
like she's no idea what to do Oh
Zoey gonna getcha did akansha gross
I like how we started to come down here
just play with them and now we're just
playing oh now she's getting ready we
just ignore her for a little bit and
then she automatically wants to play
good catch making apple juice for the
first time well yeah it's not that
you're being so dramatic
ha I'm sure I just had my maniacal laugh
again fresh apple juice tell me if it's
any good oh my god it's so good really
the best apple juice ever it's really
good sucks so that's what's that's why
juice is so expensive and that's why
most people have like corn syrup in it
that was 2 apples and it's just like
that was one Apple and that's all you
get out of it probably over 9000 easily
yeah over easily continuing the
tradition of making random stuff in the
kitchen I did something for some reason
spinach and artichoke dip like popped in
my head the other day so I went and
bought some and it tastes like crap so
I'm gonna try to make like it completely
from scratch by faith I'll put the
recipe that I used in the video
description below as well if you guys
want to try it if it's good I don't know
if it sucks then right I'll try it
I hate artichokes they're just so weird
this I don't they just taste Wow they
taste awful
but in this and you can't ever taste it
I don't know hey that looks pretty
normal
alright let's put it in the oven fingers
crossed
I've been taught the official taste
tester
really really good is it better than any
other spinach-artichoke you've ever had
in your entire life that's right that's
right
another bo pwned I just posted something
on Twitter and everyone thinks I'm going
crazy okay so this is my my desktop
computer okay this is the Mac Pro and as
you can see YouTube looks like this
right
okay I'm gonna switch my laptop now okay
so we switched my laptop and the YouTube
front page our home page looks like this
right now let's take a little little
little mosey over onto Ally's computer
now look at this to open up YouTube and
check this out this is so weird I have
no idea why it's doing this I might be
some sort of fluke with her computer
okay ready
what is this it's a combination of the
Browse page and then there's this most
viewed top favored right there isn't
that weird
and then education is like science and
technology people in blogs like the
quadrants so I wasn't I wasn't faking it
I told you let everyone who's saying
like last night I was like freaking out
and going insane or went to the Browse
page no look it's crazy it's only Ally's
computer Allie must have some sort of
like secret good like hackintosh
computer is anyone else like if you walk
out of YouTube and go to the front page
does anyone else look like this are we
like some sort of like Ally's got some
sort of supercomputer Ali's coming home
right now she took the dogs home because
guess what tomorrow
Disney World we're going to Disney World
almost a Disneyland that's in California
we didn't get to go last time when
everyone from digi tour was here just
because it got so late alaa wasn't
feeling good it's gonna be really
exciting I haven't been there since I
was probably eight years old so Ali took
Zoey and Marley to her parents house so
they can watch somewhere where you know
at the land of giant mice and dogs and
like dock ducks and whatever goofy is
are you gonna be good I'm gonna go
bye-bye mommy and daddy are going to
Disney tomorrow come here
you're gonna be cool you wanna eat stuff
huh oh come on no licking your butt and
welcome to get you later
okay you'd be good at grandma's
grandpa's busy pumping the old gasohol
it's really boring without the dogs the
cars are silent and there are no
sleeping pooches in the backseat they're
gonna have a grandma grandpa sleepover
which is fun for them maybe not so fun
in my marriage
I wish driving were this easy all the
time no cars no traffic jams
you
