yeah can you hear that it is roughly
4:00 in the morning and the fire alarm
is going off
so yeah I don't know if you guys can
hear it's super getting scared can you
get it but yeah I was checking all the
buildings there is no fire so everyone's
safe and things like that but it's been
it's been going off for about about 15
minutes now so a fire department you you
had better be playing the best game of
Cobo of your entire life Ali got the
investigator bug and I'm playing the
whole comm the dogs down well this one's
fine she obviously doesn't freak out for
this one yeah I know
everyone knows you freak out there's no
fire I know you want to go save somebody
save someone yeah oh okay do you have
fun with the fireman playing black ops
see you a few hours hi again
so yeah last night a really long night
filled with giant sirens thing I think
it ended up stopping around 5:00 in the
morning but uh yeah I guess that's just
the inconvenience that you get when you
you don't own your own house and things
like that so of it one of these days we
won't have to do the worst I've ever had
was the first apartment once moving out
for college luckily I was at work and I
was a projectionists I was at work for
about till about 4:00 in the morning
but apparently Ricky Ollie and my other
roommate killin you met all these people
throughout the years on these daily
videos they come home and they're
sitting outside with Zoe in the parking
lot and the siren was going off for I'm
not joking three and a half hours
luckily I came for the last 20 minutes
because I was at work but this place was
such a fail when they designed it the
fire truck couldn't get around the
curves like the parking lot wasn't they
didn't think about oh maybe if there's a
fire how are they gonna put it out so
the fire truck just allowed through the
gates plowed through the little gate
cards
I think bumped into two cars it was a
giant cluster F pretty hilarious I one
of these days like all these things that
was just when I started doing the
YouTube stuff but I didn't wasn't doing
daily videos obviously I would say that
would be the worst luckily this wasn't
in our building so we didn't really hear
too much but I am exhausted and we got
to go down I just spit but I do one of
those like phantom spits I apologize
that's embarrassing
phantom spit I'm like a snake
marlee looks so pissed aha she's like
you just woke me up alright yeah you mad
bro you mad bro you're special dog
or tear the chick-fil-a about the house
all right no boys allowed girl time now
my honey to be blog heavy on alleys end
because she got her camera no it's just
broken it's ready to something I don't
know but oh thank you
drive safely yeah you know your veggies
okay so we're in Sarasota right now and
I'm going to get my nails done because
there look terrible and this is Lourdes
hello how are you she was nervous but I
told her not to be nervous to be on
camera it's not a big deal and you look
beautiful don't worry so gonna get my
nails done now yeah it's really funny I
don't think Charles understands I don't
know I feel like taking care of your
nails that's always the first thing when
you meet people you shake their hand and
it's just nice to have me also look nice
but Charles thinks I'm crazy when I get
my house done I'm trying to convince him
to get a pedicure because it feels
amazing she's so adorable
she's so nice she's like having a second
mom she's adorable she's a little Cuban
she's just adorable you're speaking
Spanish it's so weird that I haven't
spoken Spanish in a really long time and
I feel like I'm terrible no she didn't
come
how to use this newfangled camera is a
tttt safety dance now listen you really
think that no we were taught it is men
without hats I told you we were
discussing uh where's Janice everybody
Wang Chung yet their song is everything
are you pink oh that's not true
I really hope that everybody heard that
girls can fart in normal pink eye
- dude dude let me remember the first
words so in a word
and the writing on the wall shall I
believe we are a better match box 20
than matchbox way we are matchbox 21 Hey
yeah what yeah yeah they're supposed to
be thing oh this is Ali's this is out
seriously why not this I'm gonna be so
good
Ali this is something you don't know
about Ali she cannot she doesn't know
how to use a wine opener step aside let
a man do it
let man do it you can do it you can do
it
excuse me what the heck is your problem
you're Oh Zoey what are you doing you
know off of me what's wrong
oh yeah okay she's all over the zoe this
ain't a whole thing at catnip so I think
she's having a little psychedelic trip
right now trying to open it this point
just like man strength I know I can't
level clear the mission complete
oh boy oh boy oh it's good time I broke
it away if you don't but you're poor
guys when we say do
so what happened dally
for your wine
the job
what about talking with a black doctor
okay I don't care I mean we go
