morning guys
we're not over ten like I just walked it
into a sign of Disneyworld
during that last part of the intro I'm
start Disneyland this is gonna be the
first time I've actually been here right
obviously obviously I've never been here
not a bear sighting you just do what you
did you have to walk back and forth in
business
we love to carry the galaxy at first I
thought this was the longest like street
ever and then I kind of looked at the
Hollywood magic right there that's
pretty sweet but I know inside alleys
dying a little bit - no that was tower
tear but that is to do guardians of the
galaxy ride I mean I am a little sad
like a lot against mount Airy's football
okay you throw a bugs landing and I'm
like completely intrigued by the
pine-trees I'm just in love with these
lights because they're fireflies I love
it successfully Gold Pixar movies in
agree this is all Woody's like oh my
gosh it's in a book how cool is it you
know me everything's so cool so we went
to go and get on - guardians of the
galaxy ride unfortunately the area where
they do like the fast passes is
completely closed so wage is like an
hour and a half so instead of waiting
for an hour and a half and kind of
really wasting our chairs too low
two hours I lied it's two hours hour
until the fast traffic which got just
passes hours
Oh instead of waiting for that we're
going to go around and kind of explore
and try some different eyes
I am already noticing that it is much
smaller than visiting old that's okay I
think it's nice to pedal I like it yeah
I like it
yeah it's fun when there's rides that we
haven't been on I know this is actually
the thing we kept seeing on the other
side of Big Time
Roeder Springs populations well I need
them take all of your lovely city to the
wall of your level is easy time you
already reflection hi every decisive
these little kids are gonna take your
car Kelly you need your seafoam green
this is in the center we decided to be
more fun to just crammed in here and
make Ali go into the middle how do you
ensure what exactly were right oh but
Ali's everyone kid riders are my cousins
to think this year is a yes
thank you for seeing me thank you
the most disappointing thing I've ever
been on mine you've arrived I'm going to
keep saying Disney World is so much
bigger but that's the castle preview me
hello mr. Walt you're being like the dog
just rolling around trying to get cool
you finally learned our lesson comes
difficulties we lost something went to
Disney World that we noticed the fat
casting is there we got money like
restores universal so sharing is help a
political situation a man you live a
minute
you like internet slop by the way guys
pretty much we call the half sold out
especially around the person sellout so
second we get home I will be ordering
the hash and putting them on the site I
drop that's priority number one
let's go Hawk right now my phone will
pick up photo there seriously just break
three year fall in a promise right now
he goes away
Sacramento
I'm totally winning but you get 3900
they don't have another 14,000 lb lb
girl see another rest break because I'm
old and that one is I'm old and we rated
tomorrow it's funny other you're getting
real good awful you know you go better
than all is actually the one who
coordinated the community kept exceed
community me up yesterday VidCon that
unfortunately we didn't get to make it
to we had a thank you to Paul so we got
a day I hey I am your the bad Tinkerbell
and was it all my or sister kind of
totally cool it's not happenin Amanda by
are you oh that's nice shirt she's gonna
try to steal from you we are here for
your protection resistance base in this
area coming for you run Barry run
we're trying to do all the ones that
we've been on
madam along with something we've never
done this is already different it's
already different all the bridges they
ride this street mount and California
was still so much better
no managed to break the haunted house
every time broke the right again I don't
know how many times we broke on it out
had to do it
Lion King some of you my favorite one
Mufasa or no symbolic
blah
and I'm not that we're out hello chicken
oh oh oh
should you or what do you know what
those are football yeah that sounds real
man up there's one got chased out by
those that'll be honest are you even
gonna remotely drive I could do a
backflip maybe I'll give you some women
I I don't know cover the belly blah blah
it's a booze
going oh my god I know each other as
well I see words anyway Nevada are you
gonna die I gotta try hi I'm a tactic
right now the plan is kinda like butter
you guys up right now oh my god just
incredible no no wrong oh my god this
was all my name
Brian and I are going to battle each
other right now friendly competition my
partly friendly uh-huh the comments is
going Ryan are with them I'm not sure
oh I don't know I'm a little hyper to
make you like it oh look at that the
right Hulk honey what god this is insane
go to the hospital I will say oh honey
I'll get it together I think they love
each other
Oh
one
quite comfy quite comfy okay one that's
why I take a nap
no this is really comfy right okay I'm
not really certain one I don't know you
guys are neck and neck
I want no we want it just a nap on top
of me I'm digging down okay on top and
grass no idea we know from previous laws
that Charles is like a dude yeah well
they say - I'm tired up I'm sure you are
lots of cannonballs when I beat the
bondage Holly doesn't care about any
human being he doesn't play with your
dog all night
Ryan's calling you have to do a
cannonball have to do the water and push
it around like a football team there we
go we got a thriller Gary gets eroded
reaction dog it's time to leave
California so tomorrow morning we got to
wake up super early today was a lot of
fun got to go see Disneyland those first
time we've ever actually got to do that
is actually hope you guys enjoyed this
weekend and we hope you really enjoyed
the blog from thing we'll see dwell by
who my voice is gone it sounds like
nobody back stood by it
