internet penetration
hey good morning everyone I feel revived
and sunburned yeah kind of hurts islet
look at Ali look she's just like tans
immediately just hands i burned
immediately um so today is a cool day
we're doing several things the first
thing we're meeting up with a friend of
ours a longtime friend of Ali's to see
if he will officiate efficient officiate
the wedding
and actually the what referee yeah
basically refereeing the wedding you
know cuz when you know there's a flag
call there's something our flag thrown
but I just want to point out Ali's not
wearing her cherry dress every time the
Internet's been noticing every time you
do something for the wedding you always
do do them purpose there's that just
coincidental do that for our tasting
yeah yeah man the internet know the
internet knows you guys know but yeah
we're gonna go do that and then an also
a really fun thing this is gonna be
really good for you guys remember when I
broke my camera well the good people at
Samsung are currently on tour and
they're stopping by Florida and we're
gonna actually go meet up with them and
test out a new camera and we may or may
not have something for you so I'll let
you know a little bit and then Ali's
friend Jesse oh my gos I'm just doing
this like a table of contents of the
video right now but yeah so Jesse got a
new puppy it's an Australian Shepherd so
we're gonna we're gonna have a puppy
playdate so yeah we're driving now it's
freakin hot and that was the table of
contents craft fest 2011 dun dun da it's
Santa it's Santa it's Santa with Santa
Claus rollerblading Santa Claus was just
this Santa Claus comes to Florida
rollerblader you haven't seen that since
the 90s
whoo you just look at me as I was
recording is it wise I can't record me
oh it's because I got the sweet blades
on sweet plate yeah I haven't filmed in
a while but yeah we got our efficient
efficient and for those who don't know
what that is that's the person who
marries you this is I now pronounce you
man and wife
actually no husband and wife man or wife
that's a little bit sexist man I
pronounce you man and she's this place
what I mean little suppositories out
front it's like men in black what is
that
men in black that they if there actually
is an FBI building down here isn't there
oh my that's the news building Oh
totally different look got a little food
on your lip there all right so all right
what I want to explain this situation
now okay so Samsung found out that I
broke my camera and they're doing this
they're traveling around with this new
camera called a Samsung sh100 and the
traveling all over the United States
taking photos like I said make it
meeting up with bloggers vloggers they
came through Florida and they asked us
to meet up with them put a link down
there in the sidebar so first go check
out the photos you can see all over the
country this little like Airstream went
all over the country taking photos it's
really cool really cool idea so kudos
the Samsung on this so we uploaded some
photos and if you go to with the photos
and find our photos and hit the little
like button like if you hover over like
little timeline if we end up winning I
got a little extra something something
something for you guys so so go check
that out links to the sub are something
else that I was really cool that Samsung
did was they gave us two of the Samsung
sh100 cameras to give away
what's really cool is as you can see the
Wi-Fi as long as you have Wi-Fi you can
upload directly from the camera itself
to Facebook live mikasa YouTube and
things like that at des 720 720p HD
video it's really nifty camera all you
got to do what we're gonna do is we're
gonna hold a secret hashtag like we did
last time with a little secret hash you
had a secret what what should the secret
hashtag be
so all you have to do to win this camera
is make sure to follow
Samsung us on Twitter right here at the
screen and make sure to follow me on
Twitter at Charles Trippy that way I can
DM you if you win so after you follow us
all you have to do is to make a tweet
with hashtag this is the secret hashtag
and why you want the camera I will go
through randomly it's like two of you
guys I'll direct message to you and I'll
send you like a little message on these
way up two of them so I'll make like a
little personal message to the winners
and then when you have a little message
on the camera so I want to say thank you
to Samsung check out the links in the
sub bar I'll put everything down there
in the video description sub bar if
you're going to use I'll give you a
nickel for that pickle I'll give you a
quarter you get a little bit shorter
come on keep it going can't go I win do
I win this rap battle you build me a
white fence I'll give you a half dollars
if you give me a holler
I'll give you a penny
if you don't talk so many are you in are
you can you do with penny I can't think
of anything
pennies many Benny yeah yet fail I just
checked in on Foursquare and I got plus
two points because the world didn't end
yesterday isn't that funny
it's so close you think that feels good
oh geez hi my kitty cat problems are
there she got all calm now I have to
have know those kids those kittens so
yeah rub my butt rub my butt holy
mackerel
it's a it's a high eight camera that's
insane
is there cave in here I wonder if
visitation was like that I don't know my
dad had one that recorded VHS yes yeah
really crazy yeah step up and look at
this look how small the LCD screen is
but look how big like the component was
absolutely 460 exim Diane's actually
really I don't know if it's a lot or not
it seems like a lot Wow we all partied a
little hard yes everyone just eating
grass now you got some tasty grass here
Dennis I guess everyone likes it now
yeah I know home hey dragonfly poke your
eye squirrel
a new puppy
Lucca her real name is Ngoc De Luca
which is sub Yuki barclayc is the
staring like what what I love puppies
there you go
it's always having fun Marley's got a
friend Marla's like that's mine oh hi
you're trying to make her spastic play
show play take outside so you just stole
Marley's boy your puppy playdate let's
see if she has the same reactions oh he
did when she was a puppy no sweet wait a
minute this is gonna toll
this dog is really tall for a puppy
Marley I could give a friend
so you want another dog
I said that though she just perked over
like what wait what was that line with
those words kitchens interested popped
your head I would laugh so hard if she's
like peed on you okay okay drop it
careful why don't we call cute little
teeth okay ready okay okay oh it's
always like I can do that good job Zoey
you want more attention they're all just
chewing it now you guys got a gang now
really you get home and go straight to
that go right to your little chair it's
been a long weekend very productive
weekend now am I supposed to contribute
to this yeah you gotta say something
well we met a puppy you met a puppy yes
you want a puppy now got a problem would
you get you would get a pitbull I think
they're the best I know they're very
smart yeah if you ever get another dog
see we probably won't for a very long
time just because we have two very very
needy dogs yes
no but they would have to yeah no big
deal but the thing is like they would
have to be it would have to be a dog
that would have the personality of these
two because these guys for being the
dogs they are have really unique
personalities you don't I mean they're
very they have a lot of character inside
them they're not just like I'm a dog
gonna play with the ball and sleep Oh
bitch booty we went home for ten minutes
and you already hanging things Shh is
always helping you yes both are just
staring at a wall right now
it's a
