a really awesome day today is actually
my best friend
oli he's getting married and yeah it's
gonna be a nice florida wedding actually
we're at the beach this is actually
gonna be the first beach wedding I've
ever been at and look at this is what
I'm wearing to the wedding board shorts
and a shirt hey Ricky hey Charles
we should that's Tony
I was spontaneously start a kitchen
dance in all seriousness I vowed to
always strive to understand
Arni vested in me I hereby pronounce you
husband and wife
right
did you cry ah it was pretty cool I like
that this is like a really you know like
knowing these guys for a longest time
I've known Ollie since fourth grade
this is totally him like this is so
laid-back this is totally him Oh Blair
your face is here let's go check out
this awesome water gorgeous ha that's
going everywhere the Sun is evil watch
your hair now your greasy like a
cheeseburger hey hot stuff
how you doing look at I'm like a monster
gonna eat your face love you know I love
you ha ha say it yeah people from I
don't want to film because I don't know
if they want to be on camera on the
internet but there's people here that I
haven't seen since high school like
really close friends of mine and they
look all the same every one of them
looks the exact same so it's really cool
Rachel Andrew out there they look the
same as each other everyone looks the
same it's a bathing suit bathing suit of
a big giant I flew in the water I'm
gonna put sand on your belly tickle
tickle tickle
you have sand on your belly yeah I know
wait
I'll kind of take a whole berry you that
is what elephants do honey elephants do
that to keep cool
hippopotamuses do a hip-hop hip-hop
rottenness all right I'm gonna brave it
last time I did this I ruined the camera
so hopefully I don't do it again cuz
this is a brand new one okay that's
called it's called this seems like a
really bad idea
oh wait got okay now I'm taller it's
okay
I want to get out there where Andrea is
there's like no wake see we it is kind
of freaky in the water though it's kind
of sure watch out for shark the puss
we're in the bad area again we gotta get
out we gotta get out there
hey slow down slow down having too much
fun oh there's water still alive we're
still alive okay so if anyone doesn't
know who Ricky is Ricky is my old
college roommate we randomly replace
together right yeah I walked in I was
just like hey what's up and then he
moved in with us yeah I was pretty crazy
now he's big fancy fancy fancy dancer
over there okay so actually some of the
old videos so be pranking people this
was the guy actually one of the first
law significant videos was pranking him
with the maze all right I feel like we
just dodged the bullet
but I have to put you guys back I forgot
the waterproof camera and I'm gonna go
enjoy myself so I will see you guys a
little bit sorry
but we're gonna crap you're lying you're
gonna lie the crab went in the hole I'm
just I'm not gonna say anything just
look at my face
the Sun bit me you can do it that's
nothing Zoe come on pick it up
she wanted a stick just a little bit
are you very proud of your
accomplishments oe yeah you happy yep
now you must destroy it destroy it so we
don't have to shred it anymore Marla's
like is this one supposed to do just
from the ceremony that's right here I'm
burned like around where my dress and my
straps were I knew it I knew my face the
Sun is evil my bow oh oh you can see the
bow that's horrible
you should write some sort of haiku
all they might understand it here we go
Ali
they have orchids here they have orchids
what are you drinking okay Chardonnay
you clean up nice so we gonna get
embarrassing I got my I got my pasta is
that manly enough
it does run on America oh my god ah it
does we just got home I'm gonna start
editing right there look it's what you
just saw isn't that crazy
you're blowing your mind I'm sorry I'm
waking you up no I was that was a really
cool day um like that like I was saying
I've known Olly probably the longest
Adelheid Zoey I've known all they
probably the longest of all the people
that I have friends with you want to
mean that you there's like there's a
certain group of friends you you go
through school with you know and go
through high school you go through
elementary school middle school college
and there's a certain core group of
people that you you younger people are
gonna know this there's a certain core
group of people that you're gonna have
the rest of your life and you know these
these people that you guys see a lot in
our videos are that are that core you
know I mean there's people that I have
no friends and I've kept in touch with
but no it was really cool and it was a
really special day and I apologize I
didn't film a lot today but you know it
was like one of those things where I
really wanted to put the camera down
just for a little bit and you spend time
with these people because one I don't
get to see him a lot I'm traveling a lot
they're traveling they're busy and it
was cool but I just wanted to I just
wanted to say like you know it's like
one of those days where it's like you
realize who is gonna stick by your side
you know I mean like through the
crappiness and the thick and thin you
know the who with those people cause
like you know like you're in high school
and you're like oh bobby said this or
Johnny said this you know like crap and
you know they go apart and you know if
it happens it happens if your
friendships grows apart you are not
really meant to in my opinion in what
take this you know grand assault like in
my opinion you're not you know you know
those people aren't supposed to be in
your life the people that are in your
life and it's you're gonna stick in your
life are the people that are gonna
wanna keep in touch with you you're
gonna want to keep in touch with and you
know it's without rambling too much I
just want to say today was an awesome
day and I'm really I'm really happy for
those two guys and I'm glad I got to
share it with you guys you know welcomed
them into the CTFxC because like I said
you know for filming this for the rest
of our life or the next few years or
whatever we do with these daily videos
you'll see these people and another
reason why today was kind of really cool
to me it was kind of awesome to think
about is that you know like all our
friends are getting married or already
married and you know Ali and myself and
we're all kind of like starting this
whole like next stage in our life
together you know I mean as friends
that's this core group of people and
it's it's really awesome and exciting
because you know like you know we're
gonna grow up we're gonna start our own
families our families will hang out with
each other our kids will you know become
friends and just like we are and it's
it's really cool that it's so exciting
because you know up until like when you
start seeing your friends get married
and things like that you you kind of you
kind of still think of yourself as a kid
you want I mean you you kind of the
adult chip or whatever we're not the
same in a word if I put in quotes is her
word but it doesn't hit you until like
this you know like like all your friends
are getting married and starting their
lives and families and stuff like that
it's like whoa this is cool
you already mean it's exciting you know
there's a part in the back your head you
kind of nervous but no it's exciting you
know like what we were talking about the
fear of change now welcoming you only
mean and it was just like another cool
little like you know cool thing I
thought of you know no but you know what
I mean like I truly cherish those people
in my life and you guys I mean I haven't
met all of you guys personally but the
people I've met
you guys are awesome people you know you
guys are awesome people even the trolls
even the trolls out there they come back
daily I mean you're trolling in the
comments but you come back you're like a
dedicated nun CTFxC er I mean you're
just still kind of are because you're
always coming back so I mean it's cool
I'm just gonna start editing and then
kick out
out of the shower so I can put a low
although my face
it sucks look at that ah it's so bad I
don't know what it is I just burned so
easy and then look at my sister but
sister sky like olive skin it's crazy so
is my dad and my mom I'm like like the
milkman milkman son or something but uh
yeah thank you thank you guys I will see
you guys tomorrow and good night
worse
it would be an early
you
