hey good morning guys so okay today I'm
going to make a really big decision as
you guys know all these hard drives all
this computer I've been saving all the
files from the vlogs back till 2009 like
I have all the RAW files as you can see
right here and I'm just running out of
space cuz each each year takes about two
terabytes so I have to keep getting hard
drive after hard drive so we guys think
should I just like export like a a nice
export of it and they'd leave the raw
files or just keep the raw files I feel
like I want to keep the raw files
because you know I can't put everything
in the vlog but at the same time I'm
gonna be like I'm gonna be like a cyber
hoarder is that it is that a thing
it might gonna be the first one ever to
be a cyber horrible reporter what do you
think just occasionally give of the
Fluke that you do somehow crashed and
lost everything I'd want like a backup
so I don't know I don't know how do you
make a decision because I don't want to
keep I don't have like a million hard
drives these there's two here and then
there's like five in there and there's
like five in here I'm feeling a little
bit better now I feel it better the Sun
is out and it's freaking hot but I'm
feeling better
I'm not sick just maybe a little cuz I'm
feeling better
copyright trial stripping I wanted to
see if I could find another post office
that might be a little bit friendly and
sure enough I just drove around randomly
found one and the dude tom from the post
office super nice guy so that's good for
everyone getting t-shirts though come a
lot quicker because Tom at the post
office is an awesome person it's funny
finding a post office that's actually
cooperative as a high point for me right
now
oh by the way guys Sunday I have a
special surprise for you guys actually
two special surprises this week Sunday I
may be meeting up with a certain
something that's gonna be pretty cool
and I might have something to give to
you guys don't yeah I feel a little bit
newbie still bald is beautiful I was
just looking on Twitter and I didn't
even know this but apparently May May
21st is supposedly the day of rapture
have you heard this yet why you don't
want to see okay this is what was
thinking like cuz this has happened like
you know like y2k and there was another
one earlier this year and then there's
nah 2012 but do you think credit card
companies see like a huge spike and like
spending like the weeks or even days
praat before rapture do you think like
there's like oh I'm gonna go buy a
Bugatti and a Mercedes and that mansion
I've always wanted good I really I
wonder if there's any figures if there's
any figures that shows spending habits
like increasing let me know because that
would be really kind of an interesting
fact to see don't you think I mean in my
personal opinion if there is gonna be
like a rapture thing I don't think any
one person's gonna know or be able to
predict it I think it's just gonna
happen you know what I mean like I don't
think one person was like oh it's gonna
be August 13 2014 what well you'll be
long gone
20:42 you'll be oh wait no you won't
I meant to say 21:42 not 2042 sorry
you'll be a hundred and sixty something
don't give you that look how was that
rude how is that rude you just proclaim
my death on my birthday horrible I'm not
horrible
I meant 2142 also really sad news
did you hear hear who died today Macho
Man Randy Savage yeah you heard about
him you died yeah yeah you died car
accident car accident a car accident and
died I know it was real that I read that
I was like really digest in around
Seminole Florida like Tampa Florida he's
a legend he's alleged even if you don't
like rustling he was like yeah he was a
legend I think everyone in our age our
generation probably watched at least
Hulk Hogan the original giant Macho Man
and maybe the originals sting before he
got all CRO we would say a mustache
I don't know if this is even focused on
me right now we're rushing we're going
to graduation right now in new college
we're gonna have to run to the base
class yes I think this is the place this
is the same graduation where they guy
wore the Superman costume weird costumes
not the boring traditional one like we
had to do with Melissa and Ali this is
very unconventional generation oh wait
no everything's blue again I forgot to
turn it off funky I ever got this from
yesterday hold on guess what your bag
I'm reading the sign Bayfront building
he was making this up we're a little bit
late we're slightly late least last year
we were on time though so who's
graduating right Ray's graduating and
anything else don't rush me
Shh hey oh you know what I want to do I
want I want to make the ocean different
color in the water no what do you do
I held a camera and I wore this shirt
let's pretend and just act confident
especially with government hired
photographers yeah so now try to act
into trying to get into the CIA there
you go supposed to be frog we have a
meeting at 3:00 anybody want a camera as
the gorgeous sunset
everyone cheer you cheering for the son
for what what what yeah
yeah yeah we love you oh yeah yeah that
is a caveman I'm not sure if you can see
a caveman
that's a crazy dress dude look at that
shirt awesome that is no that's that's a
birthday suit actually
oh my god it's a ninja picture you're
too excited you're too excited oh boy
it's out of little bits she's not
wearing it right creepy for vlogging the
girl with no top on oh I don't know her
but she has no top on they go in yes yes
absolutely
I have a beer band okay I don't have you
gonna see this
but Ray is right back there and he has a
GoPro on
Wow everyone is not even walking
under the incidents but this man is in a
cape and it's fabulous
why are you gonna party once that's
pretty sweet
it's a kind of a live animal
is the cake some ice cream and cakey
cake go for the vegan cake try that
that one you should grab me a cookie and
an orchid you got to give me an orchid
honey guess what I stepped in it's not
dog poo but its icing chocolate icing it
looks remarkably like dog food maybe
this dog to smell it see if it's from a
doctor just as valid
yeah that's cake
I can't be too fast that's definitely in
memory of matcha man I totally wanted
just like hey I'm gonna body slam you
onto that table
it's just asking for it it's just asking
for it where'd you go can i body slam
you on that table I don't think I could
a suplex I can just fall out yeah every
time I keep saying that the guy just
keeps looking at me like oh we better
not I had to go run out and get one one
last time
yes so I had I totally had to go get one
of those slim jims I never had one of
these before
and as you saw from the iPhone channel I
posted a little something yesterday but
yeah really my I was I did really get
into it earlier but Macho Man and the
Hulk and like I said the stay and sting
we're kind of like you know that's what
I loved as a kid you don't I mean I
loved watching wrestling wrestling is
not as cool I don't care what anyone
says
it is not as cool as it used to be
because it used to be really now it's
just kind of I don't I don't know it's
just different I should say that I
shouldn't say it's not a school I think
rustling now is just completely
different and you know macho man was it
was always men my oh my god there's so
many like Ric Flair rubber Ric Flair
like legends who's the legend now who's
the legend the giant now is just a
ripoff giant of the giant in the 80s
that's cool I've never had one of these
right I've never had a slim jim and I
figured I'd try one of them in memory of
mr. macho man kind of hard to open and
see about okay star gun oh yeah
struggling get it open gotta do it like
like a wrestler really seriously the
heck okay this video is just gonna be me
struggling for twenty minutes step in
Jerusalem Jim
oh no okay no I was okay gross hey
usually to do this so it doesn't sound
like I'm really still a lot of muffles
if when I was sleeping over here on the
no wait it's not real
it was an idea I had why it's facts guys
my fact I'm sleeping on this couch and
you were waking me up for I'm sorry
goodbye look Charles that's one of the
flowers you can eat
it's really pretty actually
we're approaching palm courts seven EcoP
became a no idea and what to expect this
year we're gonna go check it out
what a wild goose chase we're trying to
find my brother he ran away and I have
no idea where he went
so we're looking he just fell I got it
I didn't get if I didn't even know who's
on there till just now we finally have
made our way out to Palm Court though I
know it's here and oh yeah that's really
funny because that's the center of the
party usually yes I use Palm Court party
has become cam centre party
pappan if I use all the music that's
okay with me I want to follow this guy
round I'm using a stormtrooper helmet
okay I'm gonna stop being creepy now oh
they're in love they're kissing oh yes
that's a good look on you I love that
we'll talk about adventure ended a
little differently where are we and the
hell did we have us together that's got
a good
with children
you
