there she is
oh this is where your t-shirts come from
you guys
Ali's little the CTFxC gnome you're like
a little elf
if CTFxC elf you should get your ears or
something this is the coolest thing
about like mailing the shirts out
ourselves instead of having a third
party company it's really cool seeing
like the different like cities and
countries and states that you guys are
all over the place it's cool because
we're gonna go to the post office
they're like these are really going
everywhere and I'm like yeah I know I
didn't know this country existed I can't
even think of the name of some of the
countries but it's pretty cool it's
definitely definitely a perk doing it
yourself
then you guys tell I'm still kind of
still kind of sick ah like the
grogginess still keep passing out and
they keep following me they haven't left
my side all day no there's gonna go get
a toy which one she got up she got two
she's greedy like that oh thank you
is this your way of making me feel
better here you go now you can throw it
and you can be entertained by me I have
no strength you butthole you suck you
gonna rip his cape off and they won't be
a super squirrel just being normal score
up just a normal squirrel
I'm looking at my @replies and
apparently a lot of people haven't been
getting our videos in their subscription
boxes so that's it's really weird I
don't know tell me if you didn't get it
in the subscription box let me know in
the comments and if you are getting it
say I got it or say I didn't get it and
then that way I could kind of like kind
of show that to YouTube and maybe they
can fix it but rest assured I mean you
can keep coming back here every single
day they'll be on the channel I promise
you but if even if you don't get them in
the subscription box but yeah let me
know if you got them or you haven't been
getting them putting the final touches
basically hanging up everything yes I
put it where we're good Oh see I don't
dad I think it showed you guys this a
long time ago this is the first trip I
ever did for YouTube Oh kind of ironic
that MTV and Viacom at MVP with Viacom
was suing YouTube now but this is back
in the day all right you know remember
TRL I don't know if some of you guys
probably don't remember TRL breat I'm a
celebrity or a guest star would go they
would take a photo in this photo booth
right I was never on TRL anything but I
was actually invited out there to
audition or like for a new show that
we're gonna end up doing and this is the
coolest thing ever because I actually
got to take a photo in that photo booth
and look at that camera okay look at
that hair first off and then there's the
old studio and it's kind of funny
because you know like what was it
January of this year we got you know we
went with prank vs. prank and we were at
that same studio like five years later
kind of like round robin I just wanted
to show you guys not only that but that
hair like in that camera look at that
camera this was also the first time I
was on airplane under my own will
when I was on airplanes before was
always because I was too young my
parents just brought me on their with
that this was the first time I was ever
on an airplane too so I had to frame it
I want to sleep I don't feel good
get outta my league good I just ran
right over your face she's fine mine
known oh I'm sick don't kick me
I was this address something I've been
reading in the comments the reason why
Ali does all the hanging in the man the
men work the man men work is because Ali
is completely OCD about things being
perfectly straight and I just don't care
I would just be like you know what we
have all that BAM it looks good
you know CTFxC is not just for haters
it's busting stereotypes since 2000 when
did we start this 2009 2008 when do we
set the clock zone I bust the
stereotypes this 2009 what that's right
huh
so guys the room keeps spinning around
the hablo she's come for me we must run
people before she gets us Diablo feel
like feel like the room is spinning
whoo hey Marley you're not really Diablo
you're Marley
here's that way and you are see I have
no idea badass that I'm on right now
dizzy
I'm getting busy
yeah I know I'm talking to you if Marla
could actually speak what do you think
our first word would be Internet what do
you think my guess would be cat poop if
Zoey could speak what do you think her
first words would be my guess would be
laser or Jeff gold knew that's cool a
little Sun flare weird another color go
everything's all in black and white oh
there it is it all got sucked into my
pants I'm doing that color thing the
color swap let's go around the house and
see what's that's kind of like the same
color as my pants was just trying to
find the same color okay that one's the
same color and here's the same call
there's a lot of this bread in here ally
you're all black and white
you're from Pleasantville this is this
kind of weird does everything feel kind
of weird on this one here let me see it
on this do I look kind of strange called
like poster eyes effect whoa you're like
a creepy poster oh yeah it look just
kind of doesn't weird contrasts nothing
- maybe it looks more psychedelic in my
brain right now and this is super vivid
yeah looks like poop doesn't it this
doesn't look very good
you look pretty vivid you have gunk on
your face we know what today's video is
called did you wait did your hip just
pop you could just pop your hip on
command the other day we got one of
these like little water filtered water
tester thingies
what was the TDS stand for total
dissolved solids that are like in your
water and I just want to show you kind
of okay where's a cup
this is gonna be tap water turn it on
sit it in here what's that at 260 261
once again further proves the funny
things are never recorded I went to go
pull the purified water thingy and it
just exploded everyone
purified drinking water and it's at zero
so this is tap water up and that's all
the stuff that is a month functional
filtered and that's why I drink purified
water yeah you can have a curse in like
a sandbox in your body hmm not my pants
are green sort of you can kind of see
the red a little bit and now they're
blue did I just blow your mind I want to
make that green and the grass blue look
at that I got kind of crappy out today
didn't it puts new meaning to the sky is
falling doesn't it this guy's falling
its falling on your face you don't even
care
marlee your brat
really weird to have the grass be blue
like this cuz you're used to having it
totally like green you know what I mean
that's just a natural thing you just
accept it it'll switch to the green now
it's back to green and it just looks
normal and what are you eating by the
way okay thank you but we put it back to
blue and Marley just pops a lot more
that's so weird
god I appreciate colors around you I
guess alright the other thing is you can
really totally tell which is actually
green grass and which is just an off
color you know like dad like this is all
dirt you want to mean and then that's so
cool
maybe I'm having a little bit more fun
with this because I'm on medication it's
good it interesting though right get off
of that my helping her yeah get off you
J so Marley was that all about huh issue
of dominance or something well that
looks gorgeous I like the red dis
imagine if everything on the ground
it looks like flowers that's what it
looks just hanging out in the flower Zoe
brains brain
it's kind of interesting when you see
something you're so used to seeing when
you see it in like different color or a
different way
it just seems unnatural and it kind of
makes you feel a little bit nervous did
you guys feel like a little bit like a
little bit anxious like when you see the
grass or my skin being different colors
it's kind of interesting that like where
like that you know what I mean like
something slightly different we just
like freak out she's having a ball well
there's one thing that sucks huh you
don't have any more dung beetles to go
look for she keeps looking for dung
beetles
zombie noises so really stop it stop it
look at me zombies where is your home
Bruce look Sam a zombie
oh I don't like that let's do your face
I know you guys like that did you
unnoticed
I completely sure that's an Isis Marley
is a weirdo but that isn't that isn't
anything sexual that's just because dogs
you know that's what they used to be
dominant and stuff like that I don't I
don't know and Plus Marley's a super
weird dog anyway I uh since I was
testing the water earlier I got some
water from I brought some water back
from the water fountain at the dog park
and I want to test it and see how gross
it is there this my gross you guys that
hold on oh okay so it's just a baddest
tap water it's not too bad it's the same
I think it's just it's smelled like
sulfur yeah I was talking to Ali about
that whole thing where I was saying
about like people have anxiety bottom of
the color switching and things like that
and she looked it up and it's a phone
call who is it Ali looked it up and
apparently there's a fear of what I'm
talking about it's just like the fear of
change you how do you pronounce it you
know changes K not a phobia or KK not a
phobia okay the fear of change oh and
this was also pretty cool what was that
what was the other one I started the
pier the fear beards yes the fear of
beards yeah is that for who says the
CTFxC is an educational you learn
something new every day dude
children pantophobia is fear of
everything it's some funny ones I can
tell them I gotta find one fear of
walking ambulette stolen I have a fear
walking fear of peanut butter sticking
to the roof of your mouth that's really
I have a fear of people reading off
fears fear of sunlight Helio phobia fear
of virgins
Partha phobia fear of beards pagane
phobia we have that fear the devil the
Tanna phobia fear syphilis I feel like
everyone should hear that technophobia
is that period technology none of us
have that right this is this is the
first this is really honestly I think
the first time this is ever gonna happen
in our vlog is 11:30 p.m. and I'm going
to bed I know it's pretty amazing isn't
it he comes like oh just the sight of
this does it give you a look I have
goosebumps I get goosebumps just like
thinking about this this is a baby
don't make fun of me you have to play
when I was I can't do it really this
really helps holy crap oh no I fell it
now kind of feeling kind of crappy we
have a wedding to go to in a couple days
I can't I have to be have to be fit as a
fiddle or fit as a flute if it is a
ficus fit as a ferret fit as a pheasant
fit as a pork fit as a frog anymore we
can keep this going all night
yes
giddy with tripping
with trippy
you
