fucking from bad from bird vlogging
during breakfast hey my breakfast not
yours
so since tri-state up until like 7:00
a.m. edit in the video for me finding
appalling sleep all around the house
looking up we're traveling on an
interstate again that never happens
never ever ever are we ever traveling on
an interstate you think I'm fast
oh speaking of drive fast at that
Porsche I am I'm here in conflicts in
yesterday's video so sorry by the way
I'm a little loopy right now loopy
Charles is back but a Porsche it's
either a fake Porsche or it's a Porsche
that's worth five hundred thousand
dollars and all I have to say is I stand
if they beat it so what now mr. Porsche
hatred pay trying to be a good driver
yeah I'm cottonmouth that sucks
yesterday I'm an idiot it was wrong
bored I didn't need it so we're taking
it back yesterday's vlog feel like I'm
just kind of rambling right now I'm not
turning off the camera we're just going
to make it nice and awkward just true
that is very 100% sure the internet I am
comfortable with you so you mind sitting
in silence for at least two minutes well
do it right now I'm serious this is
gonna be a two-minute silence vlog okay
you
so how many of you up you went the wrong
way you have to take a right-hand turn
how many actually watch that entire
moment of silence was given through true
love true love interwebs
here's a little something about Alli
terrible with directions and navigation
and sense sense of direction
she's like my father my fat my dad only
takes right-hand turns yes you're right
he just goes in circles oh look at that
I got a text message we're at the store
now cuz we have to go get a registry for
oli and Jess because they're getting to
get married marriage marriage marriage
is what brought us together
who died exactly what movies that from
my god I'm so terrible this is like your
favorite store ever isn't it Matt phew
it is what I want this whole life to be
like it's just a bath mat soft and
that's what I want my life to be like
and keep burping up the robitussin so
gross like the worst feeling ever it's
actually worse than like a burrito / so
that like the green one
you like the green one I don't get fine
China I'm like Ali you know how many
times I break a bowl or like a cup like
all the time like you don't like a cup
that I haven't broke with my little
black mesa one it's just like you will
not be touching this one we're just
gonna have a cup of a plate just sitting
there I don't get it I know it looks
pretty but it's supposed to be
functional you love it we got a list of
stuff come on we gotta go we gotta go
shopping we have to get this for the
dogs Harley would love it wouldn't you
love that I would I would sleep in that
every night oh is it you know brandy
sister that's a wine glass yeah getting
a crunk in that one
the organ yeah but it's too high it's
not actually hitting my folders
it looks like you know what it looks
like it looks like that episode It's
Always Sunny where Frank is in the
leather chair he's moving out
reggae swiftly walk away you're more
annoying you're the most annoying is you
shut up shut up the party's I love you
you shut up the hardest bubble about
infinity plus one always tries to go
beyond the infinity and it's impossible
infinities I did no mine was my look
like tired kid it was the same oh it was
delicious delicious orchid look we can
get our own big-ass fan I want it I want
it it's a food guys fan I got you this
love you if I sit here and play with the
screws and the nails do I look family
want a quarter quarter eight screw that
whatever that way here in the way now
here's old saying I'm in the way there's
like a million no one uses that we can
use chain for oh my gosh we should mean
we should make just those more
hey do you think we should make a collar
this for those Marley she looked pretty
sweet in that this thing's like 50
pounds it's like twice this is like two
Marley's can't do it for Zoey though she
looked scary surprise spot it for you
new house I built it with those nails
and those screws that I picked out as a
strange-looking motorcycle already got
there Oh yummy
where's mark what is it you see scary
balloon all right we'll get it I'm gonna
go get it she's gonna get out from under
the fence shoot yeah what this is all
you guys were barking at see that's it
they're over it already see Zoey that's
what it was it's like it's full water or
something
picket where before we do this I just
want to address something on the air
webs no no Jack I'm gonna fight you
later
no okay she always yells at me for the
seat you know you gotta be up or down up
or down but you know what what does this
miss lazy you can't you can't do this
because what happens I'm like this I'm
like oh oh it's behind me I go to reach
whoa
now what do i do what do i do now huh
so I use my hand like this you're going
to mo gonna use that beautif rate to the
toilet you can fix that you're a woman
you're a woman you wear the pants hey
you were too short
I wear this cutoff shorts again don't
worry they're clean my clicking my pants
all the time
Zoey and you're the bitch that's that's
that's legit that's a legitimate term
don't get upset
don't need to censor that because she is
she's a female dog grab the thing I'm
not move I'm a woman I get I don't
follow direction we almost took out all
these fingers what I didn't mean to do
that
yeah it is you need me I'm the one that
does the simple math you do all the
manual labor and I just do the
intellectual math and the visions oh
yeah ecstasy
and I could be advice my hands of I see
it's not coming out you don't need that
you don't need a calculator you got me
I'm a math wizard what is it 42 I was
just saying numbers
suck a big heart
after taking those shells hang the
shells and digging it
is it gonna be
Jimmy
does anyone know that riff do you guys
know it
ah
I
Oh Zoe you are crazy and I'll swing this
Angie you stared off into nowhere land
cause you're kind of crazy but we all
love you Zoe because you are super
special you never once poop and you hate
you suck
with trippy
