I still can't take you serious with that
internet penetration howdy ho guys so
today is today Ali and I decide what
type of comida that's right and almost
what type of comida we have at our
wedding so we're going to the the
caterer and this is our first there's
multiples so there's chances of having
free food multiple times
guys get married you get free food I'm
gonna bring you guys along and we'll
have a little distant we'll have a
discussion we'll show you guys the meals
you can tell us which ones you like
well you guys can't taste or smell it so
we'll have to describe it for you and
you can out yeah I know
like with our wedding we don't want it
to be like okay how many weddings you
guys go to and if you've never been to a
wedding just ignore this or play along
just nod your head like this and you go
and the food's so fancy it doesn't taste
good like you know there's that point
where it's like you know there's fancy
good and then it's just fancy just to be
fancy meat tastes like poo I feel like
people are really lying they say they
like crap like that like yeah there's no
way anybody likes paying $80 for a
little tiny little crab cake remember
the crab cake they paid in New York
don't have something like caviar like
laced with teawrex me they they
genetically recreated a t-rex just so
they can sell it for $90 a plane so what
I'm trying to say is like we're trying
to make the food very delicious and
appealing at the same time because we're
not very fancy people and I mean
actually I didn't get any shorts
yesterday I know they didn't have they
didn't have what I like so you don't
want BAM they're clean they're clean but
we're not very fancy people so we're
trying to have it like reflect us as
much as you possibly
I said we should have some PBR and some
cheese it's food that would be amazing
wouldn't it
that'd be the best one thing ever gulia
PBR ok what's the word we can step it up
to natty ice because next we'll do
checks masses yeah we'll do Chex Mix
also charles no feel no good
I've been fighting it for so long but
like Justin got sick Dante I've gotten
sick why I got sick our guys like
Melissa got sick my dad got sick and I
was the only one actually my mom can get
sick my mom she didn't get sick yet it's
the only one and I'm feeling kind of
achy and like I'm coughing so you guys
have any remedies other than that
echinacea
look how awesome the clouds look today
it's so cool
I was I was reading the comments from
the other day the go-cart video you guys
really liked the time-lapse so rather
than me just talking the other time
it makes the trips all off - it doesn't
it you can get rid of your FSU decal
yeah I can't
I'm sure it's made so you can't do that
plastic has beaten mankind
the handoff so naturally we're running
late
thank you again no problem be good be
good this place is fancy okay that's
like the biggest bottle of vodka ever
seen every time the bathroom has one of
these always feel like Darth Vader you
will give me a paper towel okay we're at
our first tasting I'm very excited I'm
hungry you're hungry we're gonna have
like salad and a couple appetizers and
what is something I'm not I had it in my
email but I don't know if I email it to
you
yes very prepared all right so we go oh
that was my phone all right so we got
sesame chicken tuna oh my god I've been
a Copa delicious
it doesn't know do you think and this is
that tuna like not the fishy fish so you
like that I think the crisp of the oh um
I love Wahid you know it's really good
hi first time ever having fish she gets
up underneath of it I told her she can't
you don't like it can we get you to sign
here take off the thing though yeah we
don't know it's just see me it's like
actually I don't know what it is
it's sun-dried tomatoes and their and
mushrooms tomato shiitake mushrooms
little Reggiano cream sauce
okay and then I got some chicken chicken
piccata with capers lemon white wine
butter sauce
we pesto basil mashed potato and a
flower the flowers in an orchid a Thai
orchid it is edible but is I will eat
him later dig in so good what do you
think you like it now to try the last
one friend you still work at the end
what's your duty the flower the whole
thing mmm delicious
really mmm-hmm flower maybe you're not
gonna be sick anyone your face is
lighting up very dense very yummy
following this chocolate next up is a
little pecan tart kind of like a pecan
pie but little tartlets and then just
the killer brownie with a little cocoa
powder on top yeah yeah there's a killer
brownie crisp on the outside gooey in
the middle and then a key lime
cheesecake and then this is creme brulee
you can get a little Chinese spoon so we
can caramelize the top and it's gonna go
I was gonna say how are you supposed to
eat that just scoop it out
oh really I've never had this before
well it's kind of a shell on top it's
like sugar that's been criminalized it's
in your mustache good yeah that's really
sweet
okay my turn I go oh you know no it's
feeding this dude that's your favorite
part not eating the deliciousness
okay I'm not gonna get this whole thing
are these these special brownies or
killer don't say special brownies
I ruined be happy at the what I'm doing
it's in my opinion I think that's kind
of ugly I don't know it just it looks
like it looks goofy to me it looks like
a transformer like it could possibly be
a transformer so bad winning not he's
winning he's winning step on it
move it Santa Fe move it yes this is
important we want to prove move its
interface so our faster Santa Fe can get
by ha totally beat them it's how we roll
Santa Fe in front of the board well like
an idiot I completely forgot
all of our equipment camera our PVR our
sound equipment the game the PlayStation
because steel tomorrow is supposed to be
another episode uploaded today hopefully
another episode of drunk gaming with
Justin and Ali and there might be two
more special guests on this one
I forgot all the equipment cuz we
basically relate to that catering
apartment which by the way I think the
food was pretty delicious even the
flower magnifique is it magnifique feat
man Matt Matt mag effete mega feat mega
feat but Ally's over there with the
wedding planner to get a couple more
little errands done but I'm gonna go use
this time drive to the house get that
drive back set up the equipment and
record so hopefully at the end of this
video they'll be like one of those like
reminders like hey guys don't forget to
check out if there's not that means we
failed but I'm pretty confident we'll be
able to do this I want to do another
time lapse this time I want to leave it
on my face did you see what I do
well that was quick so what do you guys
think do you like the chicken did you
like the tuna I love I love the pesto
mashed potatoes that was delicious I
couldn't decide on the desserts like
which one I think okay I think the
Cheesecake key lime cheesecake had
possibly the special brownie run Marley
run run away she's like I'm out of here
out of control a good day I might lose
my brother but it's a great day I just
want to hook up the PlayStation to the
DVR PVR thing
sure enough doesn't work so I'm running
over to a store to try to find it so we
can actually do this today's just gone
downhill like this morning I felt kind
of that achy feeling and now it's just
kind of went up a little and now it's
just like plummeting I have no idea how
I'm gonna be able to do this if I
actually am able to do this you all of
you better go watch this video there it
is oh and there's were that um the
waiting movie remember I was telling you
guys last time you know the waiting the
movie that was actually the Denny's used
to be a Bennigan's where McKittrick the
kid trick I think this is last name they
either wrote and directed the movie
that's where shenanigans is based off of
every time I come to Toys R Us it's just
like so barren it's like no one's here I
have so many fond memories too when I
was little always coming in Toys R Us
this is sad
were you guys immature like me and saw
what uh what I saw right there
oh those who don't understand
congratulations you're much more mature
than I am
okay this is the total behind the scene
so if you just came from drunk gaming
because you were one of those naysayers
that are like oh that they never drink
it's all fake trouble troll comments
well yeah this is this is just to prove
okay and for everyone else you'll see
this on the Holly's episode this is the
co-host you chug beer like a girl get
apple juice good yeah whoa so that just
proves that uh this is not this is not
fake hey Kobe what you got bud what do
you got hanging out where's your with
your brother where's your brother Tyson
where do you go
you were the typical typical yellow lab
always have like a toy in your mouth
don't hear you tired Zoe hi sorry to
wake you up Kobe you tired and then you
guys got your own couch just got home
and it's about 3:45 in the morning I'm
just still waiting for s little sneak
peek that's the game they played yeah
it's gonna be a long morning I have lots
of water everyone's been telling me to
drink lots and lots of water
I still feel got crappy so I'll I'll see
you guys tomorrow
enjoy the video good night hey everyone
it's the Rutherford as you can see
Charles is a pansy and fell asleep so I
have to do this for him don't forget to
check out the new episode of drunk
gaming this week's episode is
LittleBigPlanet to Ennio click right
here and it'll take you directly to the
video because I'm awesome like that and
a computer so I can do that you know so
yeah enjoy the video and show some love
or some junk
I'm going to go format all of his hard
drives see you later
oops tickles
yes
with y'all trippin
