what is it Zoey our neighbors like us
here nighttime daytime nighttime she
does bored
this is true love because you got
something in your nose I'm gonna get it
for you
what it's true love when you pick the
other person's nose oh you had a timeout
for the for a yawning break
who's the soccer player like a famous
soccer player
Zoey be Pele up it's just open one more
and I'll be it you're out of here no
quit using your mouth she freaks out
every time okay so you're out of here
red card you're out you're out of the
game get out of here
she gives yawning to probably quit
yawning you're making be on another yawn
caution show dogs do we have to be
careful in case they put on the show
okay they just decide to in the back
window we get distracted it's kind of
weird like what why would they even put
caution show dogs look at me I have a
shoe man Zoe and Molly can kick their
butts since everyone's making fun of my
awesome pants we're gonna go see if I
can replace them not replace them no no
not replace them add like an addition to
them how I've been wearing these pants
like three years since we met pretty
much a Hawaii wants to go ride the
carousel you know you're gonna have fun
when there's a kangaroo with balloons is
there kangaroo out there now there's not
there's a giant panda though
thank you hi which one you want to go to
the top one all right it's when are you
gonna get you're gonna get the giant
panda I wanted to jam panda who gets
this one this is like a boring one
little strappy thing oh there's a giant
seal I guess I'll just I'll be the
dolphin or the horse well of course
you're gonna win that no I'm actually
gonna go over there so I win I know I
feel like I'm gonna like hit that and
like hurt something sup lady
slowly we are moving look at how fast
we're going
Oh
we told you was a good idea
take the go-kart you cannot smile on a
carousel look at his big goofy face be
completely honest I'm getting a little
dizzy does this give us Reverse I'm
getting really dizzy
what you doing that shy
oh just tweeting on a carousel on a
horse eating on a horse on a case that I
do all the time yeah every day honestly
this is making me feel like I'm getting
extremely I cannot go around in circles
like this kind of over this I want to
get off and run around
oh yeah it's
oh you can totally see the progression
in this video the fun factor down
immediate there's not even a plateau
it's just up and then back that oh oh
and I looked at the ceiling it makes it
worse
so that was worth $2
she's gonna write again I give it to a
little girl that's nice of you
so Jeff fun yes was it worth it
boobs you guys thing should I give that
cash money shirt couldn't resist you're
like a kid today it's a very delicate
operation one by one you shall sniff the
fragrance it is childproof and the
process is complete as quick as it
started you just turned them all on go
chicken broth I'm feeling a little bit
of the chef's chippy and me Oh what
happened to the camera what happened
it's just a scuff it's a beauty mark I
feel like I'm feeling the need to make
some sesame chicken I'm gonna make
homemade sesame chicken sweet awesome
difficulty
I'll put what we indicate oh yeah weird
Eric
well you gotta get the one with the bear
I haven't I honestly have not bought I
don't think I've ever bought honey in my
entire life yeah I just go on stealing
and steal from the bees himself you're
crazy I'm the evil mom no shake it bud
that's that's that's a little bit racy
right there Thank You Buddha make all
the Mamas go crazy
what shake
marlee just stole zoey stick
the thief
you
are you proud that you stole that Zoey
here she goes
Marly for the steal
sorry I wasn't laughing at you I want to
see if I can get you guys running at me
in three slow motion
I almost said 3d
you
well that kind of work Marley written
right into my foot knocked me over what
you you punching punching the air just
get back from the gym and I'm gonna
totally counter it I want to try because
I always tell you guys like my favorite
food of all time like one of my
favorites besides like pizza is sesame
chicken and I've never actually made it
I would like to get you know give it up
like a Chinese food place so I'm gonna
try to make this because it looks
freaking awesome and it's actually not
too hard it's like these are all the
ingredients it says you can use wine but
I don't want wine I want to use like
maybe cranberry juice I don't know this
works I'll put the yeah the recipes on
internet killa tv.com okay so let's do
this in the comments do you guys think
it's gonna come out good or do you think
I'm gonna screw it up mmm Jeff Jeff
faith do you have faith in me in the
trip stir do you huh I'm gonna knock
down your chin I went over to go see ray
and Justin and Wyatt tubs actually in
Europe right now but um she wanted to go
like film the face mirror like last year
when Justin graduated we went to the
burning of the thesis they're doing it
now for Ray since he just graduated so
I'm gonna try to make this when she gets
back you can have some deliciousness Zoe
you've been drinking that entire time I
was talking
I know I'm like trying to film this only
like a solitary light back there we have
to be on that let me see oh that's
better better it's very warm glow
everybody is sick like I don't laugh I
don't know
can you guys hear that I had to open the
windows let's just listen so awesome you
hear it the water ah so relaxing I love
this place this place is awesome this is
the worst part you gotta wait for it to
marinate it's good a marinade guys gonna
let it marinate for about 30 minutes you
know so it gets all the good tasting
flavorful things and now I'm going to
try to make the the butter and then
we're going to use that to cut the
general what are you drinking
we're sitting over here everyone else is
over there no no okay we were discussing
house colors certain colors of
restaurants make you hungry like
McDonald's the red makes you hungry it
looks as though Charlie she may have
came through here get it cuz he's insane
and he does lots of lots of drugs drugs
all right moment of truth can I get this
into this into this into this into this
into this don't go any further than that
one by one I think I'm doing it ladies
need me with every character well that
took about that took a long time but
here's the finished product check it out
it looks better than any any takeout
you've ever had okay
oh no truth I hope it's not hot holy
crap best Chinese I ever did have it's
so freakin good yeah
with trippy
