hey good morning guys so I just woke up
and I was like Ali what is the first
thing that started like hurting when you
you know you got sick and she's like the
sore throat I throat it could be from
yelling cuz I was yelling a lot on the
go-karts taking this thing I don't know
if you ever heard it
it's called echinacea sick the grossest
thing in the world
hopefully I feel better yeah
actually does it shut my head though oh
yeah weirdo anybody
good morning you're looking at are you
looking to be god I love you
and go have fun with the boys boy what
time you were actually ever gonna go
skeet shooting no girls allowed
yep you can also gonna have a party hey
go hang out with Jess and Rachel all
right sorry you classify as a girl so do
you so we are trying to find oh by the
way there's Ollie and there's Andrew
over there we're trying is this blurry I
think okay there we go
yeah so I'm here with Ollie and we got
Andrew over here and we're gonna go try
to shoot some shoot some guns Andrews
gonna try to teach us how to shoot a
show why you actually shot a shotgun
right yes okay I've I've shot that one
gun in Vegas so she's making a slight
left on poignant road a very robotic
we're pretty much going in nowhere land
because I guess this could be like
FPSRussia out here see the best thing is
just rained actually just poured so
hopefully no one's gonna be here so
these are those little clay things and
just shoots it out here there's another
one there
another one there whoa watch your back
ollie
only that's the cats Angie Fox yeah I'm
not gonna be going after any animals I'm
just gonna I'm gonna kill some some
sweet clay yeah we're gonna kill some
clay others were there that's what it is
all right so what am i signing away
Andrew that's that's actually a good
thing to sign that's a pretty color so
much like yesterday we're kind of
waiting for the Thunder and the
lightning going alright this could be
take two we just we're at the shooting
range it started raining really really
really badly so we're gonna go try
basically ender said it's got to shoot
something and if this doesn't work we're
to go get like big buck fuck hunter for
the week all right to take to see if
this actually works so yeah it is you're
right it is like to play a giant trailer
it looks like the bad guy from big Tracy
it's exactly what it looks like it's so
good oh that would be a good one you do
you say you send a message I just want
to feel - yells boom headshot go for
both ears then you go for the groin I
can't hear a thing you get the oh please
I got the Joe statue out of glasses
because I like that out of this go up
like that everything's like yellow you
got some gunshots so seven I don't know
where the other couple went right here
good it is a couple of these the sights
and that way yeah you hit that one
you're trying to pawn that off on
we lack
why are we going are we going on an
impromptu car ride Molly's like what
does that mean I don't know ladies and
gentlemen this is the first time he's
always ever seen a son mom all right
mom's gonna kill me I get up shake one
of these Oh all right I'm requesting a
change out of players to mr. bad guy
over there different type of gun if I
can't hit him we have a problem like
everyone else's targets like super small
and there's mine
I know where your second one went though
I think I was a second right there okay
that's a good just kill but like right
back it up just a tad it's very very
lucky
look down there he's so lucky next time
sir
yeah you got him think you need to
sarsaparilla he looks like you
there we go got him in his kind of got
in his ear
you got those are those sweet I'm just
more proud about those I got two down
there so if yous like I still got no ID
on Stu he's like he's always so got one
and there's like now got both of them
it's not every day you're sweeping up
Lois Hills should we get a CTFxC cat I
know I want to take you home you're very
sweet
little guy this just kills me it breaks
my heart I I would literally I would
adopt every animal and and that makes me
so sad can we adopt a cat see what
happens is Andrew knows how to brew his
own beer cuz he's a brew master oh yeah
just you know how to do it right
really this is number two is brew number
two all right we're gonna try that whole
myth about an instant beer freeze so we
put this in for about 30 minutes all
right we just got to hit it want like a
solid hit one two
and we'll see you in 30 more minutes
fight fight doesn't matter
Tampa's totally winning come on Tampa
okay so this is now 60 minutes I should
go for school for the back one now
someone's been there all right 60
minutes one two not frozen fail
take three was this an hour and a half
holy crap it's working
where's Holly that is so cool and it
worked
there goes
don't believe me that's ice ah a little
harder no a holy crap it worked goes
it's crystallizing I'm a super nerd for
saying it dude that is so cool
I think moral Kaaba has one plastic
surgeon even for like you would for a
night at the night wolf they all have
the same plastic like was this like Doc
from like back of the future over there
what is this you know it's a combination
of doc meets Christopher Walken the
graphics like I guess I get it likes so
mesmerized by the gravity I look in the
background like all the crazy stuff that
happens in the backgrounds unbelievable
compare
distracted by my like get distracted as
I was speaking about how to distract
everywhere gonna be amazing Hannah's
been studying abroad there and she's
just finishing up and they're going on a
crazy euro tour oh my god you guys
should make one of those cheesy movies I
expect ridiculous amounts of footage and
photographs okay we have people in the
back there this is a super awesome
bridal dinner so we are feasting I'm
talking about which is the healthiest
thing you could eat before you're
squeezing into a wedding bikini really
guys no Jess she's getting married so
very soon
it's very exciting and we're going to
see bridesmaids which I feel is
appropriate
I feel looking we don't know we just
finished today what did you think oh
good I thought it was hilarious also I
don't know if you guys have ever seen
the show
the IG prouder the in-crowd whatever
it's a British comedy and the name for
the main movie
and you look adorable alright guys so I
am exhausted right now as you can tell
it's super freaking like to see that
because it's it's yeah it's late so I'm
going to go to bed I will see you guys
tomorrow
we're gonna go pick up Allie she's gonna
feel better guys I was trying to add the
blink it all hurts
giddy with child tripping
with Sharpie
you
