I said girl you wanna know something
scary it's Friday the 13th
done anyway so today is gonna be on the
brand new camera so if you're not
already see that down there with us as
priceless 360 or 480 something click it
and go to 1080p this is the first vlog
in 1080p at 24 frames per second so let
me know what you guys think you have to
watch that teeny that's a fancy pen no
kicks me out what freaks you out all the
needles you know move it uh you wanna
magazine know your price you didn't
touch those just like you that hey look
at Thank You Birds look at us hey just
dropped Ali off at her parents house
she's pretty out of it I'm going to the
pharmacy right now to get her a z-pak
dzifa's super some antibiotics and
hopefully she'll be better in a couple
days what the heck is that somebody's
hair she's on the side of the road
chillin ah gross zoom in
that was good you guys did good good
guard dogs
I like how Marley just like okay can I
can I say what I was gonna say really
quickly do you see how like Marley just
came around the car like let me see just
like that it's like let me see were you
guys having this problem yesterday with
YouTube
apparently it completely died every time
I try to go do one of the like any video
just keeps coming up here and I can't
sign in sure go check it out if it
didn't show up for you oh hi Zoe you
feeling better
yeah alright alright you take care of
her I'm gonna go meet up with everybody
I'll give them your love all right love
you waiting for the mailman what's wrong
with you were drunk can't even walk
let's go come on guys please it sucks
that Allie can't come but she told me I
should really go she was really good
sports she's like go get footage you
know I don't want everyone just you know
watching me be sick in bed so are you
guys watching this in a full 1080p this
is like full 1080p action vlog style
whoa yeah see if it looks any better
last night when I was editing the
footage I did notice a difference in the
sound but I think it sounds better I
just think it's different because unlike
the other one that camera is not in the
front it's on the top and there's two
there's two mics for a right channel
left channel so it's stereo so I think
it sounds a little bit better it's just
different and I guess I'll just get used
to the way that it sounds I think we all
do cuz like when I get to 3500 is
everyone was like go back to the 780 it
sounds so much better but the truth is
that was only that was mono I don't know
I think I like this side especially the
24 frames it just looks so sweet it
makes everything look epic like
cinematic everything
some movie I could legitimately say my
life is now a movie because I'm shooting
in movie quality you have this whole new
Aeon you're thinking that they were you
know what I've always wondered even as a
kid like was Friday the 13th always
considered a bad day like a like an evil
bad luck day or like did Jason Voorhees
just ruin it for the rest of us
Jason such a dick
show us show us around is the
behind-the-scenes of the digital art
it's just because I don't know we should
yeah there's a lot in Orlando oh my god
why can't it close the door it's gonna
keep the hobos out anyway how's it going
how's it going everyone pass out
cool yeah I was going Charles yeah
that's pretty sweet this is you know
mirrors everywhere there's those nice
awesome bunks it's pretty sweet twelve
twelve people yeah this is definitely
pretty cool so what you do on a tour bus
rough life Derek rough life always
follow those rules on a tour bus no love
bugs no love bugs all right check this
out oh look at that that is you killed a
lot of families right there Derek with
sketchy instead real things honestly how
annoyed would you be if I film the rest
of the vlog footage on this camera like
this and now I look like a comic book I
feel like I'm doing all the photobooth
settings on a MacBook for the first time
like someone who just discovers how to
chair do it sorry I'll stop go
what's up world we're driving to I'm
taking these guys to Disney and then we
just past day he's like I'll go you guys
gonna go and play with Mickey all that
was adorable did the funny I was just
telling I'm like I haven't been to
Disney since I was 10 Epcot I've got oh
it's over there
so I wanna do turtles have dangerous
turtles like this big and if they have
if they can't live like toggling goo it
could become a ninja turtle I don't know
actually why it's called that bad this
is the one with the big giant like golf
ball right have fun guys have fun before
you don't talk to strangers
the phone's charged that's all that's up
cut I think that's all you can do at
Epcot is to stare at the giant ball they
ship two of those okay I'm not gonna get
it all and I'm just gonna leave it right
here yeah I'm just gonna park in the
road yeah but in all honesty like they
seriously seriously do really sick
always try to avoid going to the doctor
I try to just fight it off myself
because I hate taking antibiotics but
like I think I think my last record at
the place where I went to get my
antibiotics was in 2008 it's necessary
sometimes it really is I honestly feel
just a thousand times better so I'm back
guys and yeah grab my life has been the
summer now beer you comin
go but it's also scary because you can
get tetanus
so we're going we're going go-karting
this is your first time ever ever I've
never even seen a go-kart before you
should do doubles what are you doubles
oh this is is that a ride unless you
almost died because that what you almost
died it becomes fun and then you get
tetanus like Derek just said I can ride
the Thrasher the quad helix second I can
get on all of them we're good can get on
your go-kart yes
I can't believe it never really it's
gonna be fun this place seems a little
bit dated or amazing what do you want to
do first
right now the go-karts look pretty
temple it's like nobody on anything
Oh Joe there it is that is a go card
comes up and he had such whistling you
know there was he was like watching the
track is whistling at me and he's like
oh my god and so there you go working
that fire shirt my just people safety
first at this place safety first
that's the fast one
oh you like it with us fun
guys can hear the banging me but it's
hailing so I can hear what the guys say
the same thing over here that's all the
ice right there you got it it's a little
one but it still could do some damage
that's looking kind of crap oh look at
that doesn't this feel like oh it feels
like zombie land just panning over here
so JT fellow CP FX here do you have a
you to you want to say it all in the RC
don't say hi no I don't know if you can
even hear that this is quite really loud
that's crazy life is great safety first
safety first
where's Joe I was cold calling
I started off in fourth place
I thought you bad
what are you doing
Zoe you are literally a complete spaz so
wake it so my dad freaks out and says
look up ow
and I also my see this and we have this
whole area like fenced in what are you
doing
of course she's digging Marly this my
little cat trying to sneak on out she's
having the time of her life
Marly you're not you don't like the
water look at her look at that little
brat oh my good alright so people in the
comments I'm sure can be saying that
we're not doing this fair it's basically
whoever's gonna win his first and I'm in
here so this time we're actually gonna
line up and see who's legitimately
faster and better at doing this for a
circle now is pennies
we're gonna line up our we're all gonna
fake
it was a conspiracy to take me out
taking people they con me I apologize
for the game by the game look at my
phone
hey what's ho my god you're so creepy
my butt is going to be soaking wet
oh oh it's been wet just a little bit
wet you're just waiting to get on this
ride baby two-year-olds like 1 year old
kid
I don't want to kill a brand new camera
already but I just gotta sit over here
now oh you shut it off going at your
head yeah and look at just poop I don't
think there is any loser in this game I
think everyone is an epic winner
I don't think working here knew that you
can have so much fun
as you can tell from that slow motion I
just can't do this Jose the same way we
both to get very very nauseous
even a touch a touch back oh no no no no
I don't think that I did Oh
oh my god
such a ripoff um
Zoey don't avoid me look at this like
position that she's right
ucomfy like McHugh comfy we're downtown
Orlando trying to find how you like my
hair by the way my hair pretty good
everything pretty pretty sexy right now
the party over there yeah I think leggo
saying like I bars over here stuff like
that so
I guess that the aspire to it besides my
frickin head look at that besides my
head
Oh see you guys later
downtown well that was a that was a
pretty epic day there's so many people
in Orlando right now it's crazy so
they're heading heading out I guess I
told him I was like hey you guys should
go to AI bar and you know check out the
Orange Avenue and things like that I
need to go home I miss Ali and I'm
really tired out and who would have
known all right got a text message she's
doing a lot better so it sucks she
couldn't come what sucks
sickness sucks all right now for a nice
calm cool ride home maybe a montage
maybe a driving montage I talked to
Sonny from Skrillex and he said I could
use the songs for the montage that's why
you guys heard Skrillex songs
how you feeling feel a lot better
yeah so you feel a lot better
there's a super-pac hope you super it's
a super Peck the super z-pak z prevent
what you wearing well I'm gonna start
doing this video right now um yeah
today's video I know it was SuperDuper
long and hopefully you guys watched it
the 1080p that it is but yeah but there
I'm gonna put a link there's gonna be
some bonus videos if you didn't know I
put um yesterday or today or yes
whatever um I did some bonus videos on
the iPhone channel just kind of like a
little like on the go-kart and the
bumper cars a little extra stuff so if
you want to see that I'll put at the end
of this video you could check it out but
yeah today it was a super long day
hopefully the camera I I think the
camera looks pretty sweet especially the
slow motion the the time-lapse thank you
to Sonny from Skrillex for letting us
use his music as well say good night
good night guys as promised click right
here check out the bonus videos on the
iPhone Channel just basically on the go
kart and the the bumper cars wait did we
go on bumper cars no we didn't go on
go-kart in bumper boats yes those epic
bumper boats yeah click right here go
check out the bonus videos I'll see you
guys tomorrow good night and good night
with y'all trippin
the
Harry
you
