more food so we haven't even been on the
second floor of this giant hotel I want
to try to find the despicable me maybe
the showing tonight so go figure out how
to do that this is always the way this
is I never realized there's so many
minion things
freakin taken over the damn world scuse
me ma'am excuse me ma'am how excited for
this movie I'm sorry you didn't do it
yesterday give me a little girl come on
let me on the side of you yesterday
everyone was waiting for know my name is
GRU you know me
there we go they got good guy that day
the convention so we had to go walk
around again there's no way we're going
to walk around and we're still meeting a
lot of you guys that we have Megan also
the Hat I think are almost sold out if
not sold out so we have to do a complete
reorder for the website so don't worry
you were at VidCon I promise we will put
on the website
let me go do that and then I'll let you
guys know I have something to tell
everyone I have a long-lost daughter
this is Sophie hi Sophie and I know it's
not really my daughter okay yeah yeah we
see your bunch literally just happened
so I just had to pull up the cameras we
hear all the time we literally watch you
grow up yeah yeah yeah yeah literally we
have so seven interesting that's the
cool thing about some of these things
we've literally watched everyone grow
long
is it weird to think about wow that's
awesome
should add your comment there's so many
comments on that photo this is actually
liking the whole like
however by the way I pulled my first
favorite dad joke and I think I invented
it I'm so proud of myself I have to
think about it I can't remember how I
delivered it and if I do I might screw
it up
pretty hot right I'd like a filmer from
behind all the time order on the knees
operation wait 30 that's on there you
ever wonder why I like he why didn't eat
a butterfly or wonder why did he eat up
hail garbage his hamstrings miss look
I'm going to meet everyone behind if you
guys are ever at these events applying
to Olga
she's like the person has food in her
purse all the time chef yeah there we go
she's the one that ok not even in the
curve if you haven't even you first do
yeah to find all just to get food feel
good that's cool you have some in you
for a - everyone's got stuff Ali's got
it over there
David's gotta go spend some money all
the coins on your card right now
thank you want to go like that again see
how close to zero you how much is not
your time we have like Alice we're 13
all the got down to 350 oh how would you
guys like 20 something good I'm all out
just fart no but to try we're off to do
our last and final meetup at VidCon and
this is kind of like an impromptu thingy
I thought wow this is okay I'll
apologize to anyone actually wanted it I
sincerely apologize literally was just
told about this only because another see
the other here told us they never told
us anything about this we had no idea
about this like she's getting 20 and
saying hey coming down right no idea was
going on so we're we're on our way right
now you're trying to rush over there
right now go go go go go go
keep spinning I lost you spin spin spin
spin
keep spinning spending the moonlight
that's the sunlight well we're the
moonlight so we just went and check out
Louise new buff gross a little jealous
makes me want to get in our V now get a
converted school bus to shiver I think
nobody inside were you walking to his
it's so beautiful and it's very clean
it's like light and just like it looks
like reclaimed wood almost yeah it
definitely was so it's very homey and
very like calm you walk in there and you
automatically just kind of like feel
like yeah so we're definitely doing the
RV trip we haven't yet to scheduled it
all out but we're definitely going to be
doing it cheer what'd you do that dog
might and it would be on what's trending
to our dog he just go across the country
Pasadena has been wanting out back to
the entire freaking time so you matter
and what happened oh by the way blue and
onion is out there and the now you can
get out of my head I'm sorry man I'm
here I don't remember eating that great
loss block awesome let's do it yeah this
is all that matters tonight Santa all
that matters I don't care about anything
else right now
you know what Simon and you exist and
things women India right I love that by
the way actually where do you go
I don't even know I literally - okay
look at that
he looks so happy if you deal with
pistachios there are professionals to
drink that would be a fun prank right
there for it now one last rose again
we're going to give it to
walking through
right now we got over there it's not
going to be good you're not gonna like
it
they're already hard
you're like hiding Emily back big time
okay guys VidCon is now completed and I
just wanted to say a couple things first
off I just wanted to talk about why we
do this everyone always asked Charles
why do you make these videos and I just
have to say we come here and we made a
lot of you guys and it's just so hard
Welling you just need so many people
stories we hear connections we make are
just unbelievable and it's honestly so
crazy and so awesome because I feel like
a lot of people truly misunderstand
YouTube and the Internet as a whole I
feel like people don't understand that
YouTube is about connecting with people
not about being famous about being
popular doing things like that YouTube's
the community and I came from a world of
YouTube where that was the most
important thing and I feel like that's
why I come to these events and I walk
around the convention with Allie and we
go and meet you guys and we listen to
your stories and we talk about our
stories and you just have this
communication this conversation with
each other and that's why we do this
so anyone always asking like while we're
out here on panels and subject rubs why
do you do this why are you doing this
for almost 3,000 days why am I still
doing this when I could do something
differently this is why I do this and I
keep saying it over and over again but I
just wanted to say this like how
dedicated and amazing you guys are it
warms Allie nice heart every single time
we hear stories about good stories or
very sad sois but stories nonetheless
are very inspirational to us it only can
hope that watching these videos are a
means of bringing out any bit of
happiness and motivation in your life me
being secular at the end of you time but
without you guys I would be nothing
Allie would be nothing we would just be
two crazy people talking to a camera in
front of this Munich poster both
Disneyland to thank Liz I believe it is
again thank you guys so much I love all
you guys tremendously and I cannot wait
to see you guys
on tour or VidCon or playlist or buffer
fest have a wonderful night please
subscribe to guys a brand new and we'll
see you tomorrow as always I love you
guys
goodnight
