now they find me did you guys think I
was getting pulled over did you think ha
that I did I fool you did I fool you I
actually thought I did something wrong
because he pulled up right next to me
and he just looked at me and then he
goes just walked away he was having fun
I'm just killing some time right now
look at 2:54 BAM you got six minutes
which I can count I can't do math I can
count though waiting for some coffee
great I'm using the crappy camera right
now just a crappy I should say old
camera this cameras like two or three
year old this is what I started the
blogs on if you just coming up and
catching up right now I killed another
camera that's what that was about the
cops are coming to get me because
yesterday's video is called murderer and
it killed another camera but I lost it
was lost in my stupid brain it was funny
it was funnier in my head
anywho yeah so there's this new camera
that's similar to this one I'll let you
see what I have right here it's this
camera similar this as far as small
smallest small factor compactness
compact size I swear I've had any coffee
yet Jesse from prank vs. prank
picked it up in his last couple of vlogs
he's used it guys you will decide which
camera I keep also I got some pretty
cool news I don't want to tell you I'll
tell you next week
all right just dangle that it just went
like this I just went hey guys
here's a dollar here's a dollar nope you
don't get the dollar you don't get it a
lot of awesome things happening in May
this summer actually also also also also
that cup is gonna come after me now
one of my best friends is getting
married in a couple weeks so that's
gonna be really fun you guys don't see
it you'll see it too hurry up there we
go now I'm ready to shop so I looked
online for the camera and
it's like sold out everywhere so I have
to go all the way up basically to where
we used to live oh by the way yes the
song is on repeat the new Starfucker CD
so freakin awesome
I saw I've been doing this little road
trip so I got some fuel in the car and
here as you're noticing on this camera
right here the the range isn't very wide
I actually don't even know what size
lens this is but this new one has a 24
millimeter lens so it's gonna be like
the other one it's gonna be like super
wide and apparently a lot better stereo
sound and better low light so it was
like a good bad thing the other camera
broke and here's the kicker record Full
HD so now we're hop flogs
in 1080p I'm a nerd I know but nerds are
sexy how else do you think I got an ally
oh you know we should do I'm gonna
totally go to our old apartment over the
field that we used to always play
frisbee with I've been here what like
two years
oh yeah that's also why she fell in love
with me alright my sexy voice you know
it you know you're jealous that's a very
familiar Plaza there was supposedly a
Best Buy here is when I was tall but I
don't see what's in each age Greg it's
like the stupidest name ever it is kind
of funny though we left foot 2 years ago
maybe a year and a half ago and this
doesn't look any different as far as
construction wise you see that dude
you see him right there frickin crush
your face cut me off new my favorite
thing is like when something cut you off
here's what just happened I put my turn
signal on like you're supposed to and I
went to go over right guy to Jenna Jenna
have a CTFxC who's driving in Jetta you
you are cool but anyone else
Jenna's equal kind of always a dick
they pulled around me and swerved around
me then he almost hit two people in the
parking lot I want everyone just go back
on that video and everyone crushed his
face maybe if we do it enough he'll feel
it okay
has to be the strangest fan ever winning
beware of the Bears don't bother your
city don't
you are ridiculous oh my god I have it I
turned the camera on just at the right
time didn't I Marley all right so I have
to go to Starbucks all right so you
caught me
sneaky sneaky people wasn't gonna vlog
that was getting another coffee because
yes I am addicted it's okay this is how
much they should cost they're expensive
otherwise I wasn't gonna feel it like I
said but I ran into those awesome people
some CTFxC ders I didn't want to not put
him in the vlog yeah but I knew if I
didn't explain where I was you guys
would have been like wait why is he sir
bucks again anyway okay so now I want to
switch over to the new camera
see that's why sneaky hiding spot I put
it under there the seat this is the
camera I got it's caught it's basically
another one of these that I'm holding my
hand but it's called the PowerShot ELPH
300 HS and apparently the S stands for
high-end shit I don't know some system
that does really good low-light photos
and I'm hoping video so here's the
unboxing ready you ready for this boring
unboxing okay it's nice crotch shot okay
let's see here
what does it I'm live okay warranty
information and don't worry another
extended warranty from Best Buy so I can
get this replaced if I break it
a CD that's cool oh my god I got a CD
giant manual that I will not read this
is the same camera yesterday Jesse from
prank vs. prank he broke his camera on
the same day he had the same camera and
he'd broke it the same day so we're
going back and forth trying to find the
perfect camera and this is the one that
we he was using on the bf first gf1
that's pretty nice all right so this is
he looks just like the one I'm holding
right now did you see the difference
ones
it's about the same size though this is
cool
what's the same back I like it's small
but when I was using that I just broke
was probably like that wide and about
this long so this is cool
it'll fit in my email pants because you
know that's the biggest problem most
hipsters have as fitting cameras in our
skinny jeans that hipster because always
calling me a hipster what what is now a
hipster was once called an emo person
which was at one point called a goth
this changes different titles come on
get in Oh
need to have your safety strap on all
right well I only have one memory card
so I'm gonna take it out of this and
from now on I'm gonna be filming on this
and once I get another memory card we'll
do a comparison so I'm gonna switch over
to this camera right now so pay
attention to the video quality and the
audio quality make sure we're on as high
as the video let you do it as far as the
quality setting I think I think today's
gonna be 720p but tomorrow will be 1080p
let me know if you guys can hear any
differences from what I'm doing now but
I'm gonna go to our old apartment and
film a film around there for just you
know memories sake the only problem is
now this thing won't turn off
okay seriously hair on the camera the
camera I'm watching Glee and it's like
it's really funny it's good but it's
like super and cheesy I'm sure a lot of
you guys have watched it it's like super
corny but but I can't stop watching it
you know like those shows where it's
like insanely like it's not the best
writers I can save the corny stuff but
like it's predictable but you still love
it it's like it's like a good show I
don't know I like it and I always made
fun of it then now I like it
alright this is the first clip from the
new camera can you tell the difference
yet I can assure you that my entire my
giant head is probably in the shot we
look in the mirror holy crap my giant
head fits you here any difference
what's here was just soom in my face
how's the zoom zoomin is it zooming okay
let's take this outside and test it
around does anyone remember this pond I
just parked my car
hopefully nobody breaks into it oh yeah
you remember this pond I found that
little sea otter on that video I think
it was like a video I put on the CTFxC
channel before I was doing daily vlogs
I'll link in the video description below
but yeah there was like a baby otter
that was hanging out there alright and
then we did this walk all the time with
Zoey Marley this is cool I like I like
reminiscing and going back and like
visiting you that turtle at the turtle
it's like turtle we're actually if I
wasn't a sea otter more likely a river
otter cuz that doesn't make any sense
there it is this is the field that we
used to always come hang out with Zoey
and Marley and there was you know we
walked through that little area wow this
is cool no it seems got a corny probably
to you guys but I mean this is was like
a lion eyes first place together you
know what I mean not only was it the
first place together but it was when we
started doing the daily vlogs it was
just you know it was it was the
beginning of our life together and it's
just kind of it's kind of cool I wish
she was here what she was feeling better
we actually have to go to the doctor
tomorrow she's got to go probably get
some antibiotics and anti killing
sickness stuff yeah we used to go hang
out under there all the time oh and then
over here here's that that pond
remember that pond that was like super
low and then she went out there and I
pretended that there was a gator out
there that's cool how many of you guys
were watching since those days or just
remember coming out here and doing that
kind of stuff out here actually like way
over there you see that tree like right
there right there back over in that area
was where we found the creepy cage and
the dead body and all those things that
was work that was where creepy mustache
day I kind of want to go back over there
probably pretty cool I don't allow
myself I'll probably die here I know and
we do almost send a video message to Ali
hey honey so I'm filming on this so the
cp/m x so you can see it but I just
wanted to show you where I'm at
recognize the area alright just wanted
to show you alright love you bye
I love you guys do oh there's the tamp I
remember looking at traffic look at all
the bugs I ended up killing poor little
guys little love bugs all they do is
just like explode that's it that's what
they're designed for they're designed to
explode you know what screw like an
atomic bomb or something like that
have you made a bomb of just like love
bugs that'd be like the grossest bomb
ever and you know what the best part I
wouldn't kill anybody were just like
mildly inconvenience people it would
grouse about so much they would stop
whatever they're doing so government
this is what I propose a love bug bomb
because it sounds awesome and it would
just it be a friendly it would be like a
friendly thing and nobody would die this
is one ally just sent me with the
caption no feel good remember she was
super sick during her last week of
school I never got rid of it so she's
been kind of lingering in the background
but tomorrow we're like I said we're
gonna go and she's gonna get some
medicine and hopefully kill stomp out
sickness or we just drop like a love bug
bomb on her look what Derek just sent me
let's go check that out
whew so it's a photo from outside the
Digi tour I guess that's the tour bus
right there and that's Derek what did
they do and I don't know if you can see
that let me zoom it in right here
that's a CTFxC or he's lurking on that's
funny isn't this like the fastest
street-legal car it's cool looking the
best part is there's a baby seat in the
back seat relax please don't kill me
please don't kill me don't go oh my god
that was you were going for the balls
don't do that no I didn't get anything
for you I got something for Ally though
yeah
that's what I got her do you think she's
gonna like it probably not so since
you're not feeling good oh look at that
face look at that face
okay yeah this is awesome camera you
like it yep just had to touch it so I
got you a movie a really awesome movie
ready
which hand write the greatest die huh
actually it's not the greatest time
that's why God it was on sales I was
like I'm gonna they don't have the other
ones on blu-ray that's the one where
he's on one of those airplanes that
hover that do the vertical liftoff he
jumps on it onto another helicopter and
then he still kicks them okay seriously
diehards a best series ever cuz he
starts off as a normal guy and becomes a
super hero that just proves superheroes
are real yeah but he comes a Supercop
much cooler than Robocop no Robocop
Marley what are you doing just putting
your ass all over the pillows she's like
are you thick are you so thick okay
remind me to wash these pillowcases now
do you want to go to the park boob punch
alright I want to try this in low light
where's Ally there she is
how you feeling yeah chocolate who got
you who got you the chocolate yeah me
just your lovely fiancee fiancee
this is really good low light what's
going here it's pretty dark in here it's
not too bad huh see I like the thing if
I go close to something it does like a
macro see hi and like focus is right up
to Marley's face I kind of feel like
there's definitely pros and cons to this
like the sound seems a little bit
different but then again like every
single time I get a new camera the
sounds completely different and I don't
even know where the mic is like okay can
you guys hear me can you guys hear me
can you hear is the worst can you help
with this is that better how about right
now
is it better there those are mics or not
the quality the quality shoots to 24
frames per second that's pretty cool
yeah the next couple vlogs
it'll be testing ass out and see if I
keep it so Bri guys things so far so far
so good
I lied earlier I totally was looking at
the manual and apparently this thing
does 240 frames per second but like
320 by 240 so it's super small so I'm
gonna try to record some without water
and then maybe some soap like falling
and see what it looks like at night as
well test it
check it out it does a fisheye
you ready to go to the doctor
yeah going on two weeks now look at
creepy face over there right
dawn dawn what was the head I don't know
the more I play with this the more I
like it like every single time you get a
new Wow
every time we get a new camera we hate
it at first like everyone hates it like
I hate it Ali hates it and then we like
the 3500 I asked remember we got that
we're like this sucks its quality sucks
it sounds so bad
worst ever man this would actually
records better than that one supposedly
I don't know so I think which just give
it a couple days everyone just you know
through the next couple days I'll just
keep playing with the different settings
the slow motion is kind of cool I don't
know how I'll be able to vlog that ever
just tell me your opinions your thoughts
your what are you thinking what are you
thinking guys what are you thinking
right now
the thing is I think I look a lot cooler
in 24 frames per second do I look cooler
in 24 frames did you just burp you ready
to go your tails so funny it never goes
straight if ever if you ever see
Marley's tail like straight like this
it's yeah it's a rare occurrence steak
don't touch my tail low-light test
low-light test always doing a little
like test don't look back with I told
them I told the Internet you fell in
love with my sexiness is that one of
those and with sexy boys it's like this
you fall in love with me all over again
that's probably not true
ah you gonna say some nice
squeeze it squeeze down boobs do you
have a fever right now yes really
okay no no I got sick just last week you
guys can't see me okay what yep
don't do that my body hurts did your mom
just pone you
yes
giddy with child tripping
