I know I know your life's rough Internet
hello good morning you guys are weird
today good morning sleepy good morning
morning
what good morning Clara it's time to
finally clean up this beard I just
finally found my razor it was like under
all the boxes and stuff goes right now
I'm looking like a hobo so I totally
feel like Zoey right now much better it
looks like I don't care but I care
enough to trim it up the only bad thing
about this park is to see all those bugs
that are flying around my face watch
what I don't move Sam little gnats yeah
I hate those things they're not really
they don't do anything but just bug you
get it cuz they're bug okay see that
anyway so I'm playing on Google I'm
playing with a plane with my Google type
in your age and then right 26 years in
like hours it'll actually tell you how
many hours old you are
wanna go watch this 26 years oh yeah it
took its sweet time so I guess I'm 227
million nine hundred eleven thousand 132
hours old I mean that's obviously a lot
but it's just it doesn't seem like feels
like there's a lot of like wasted hours
I mean just think about it like how many
wasted hours you you have in your life
like there's 227 million in mine right
and I could think of so many hours I
just wasted
it's kind of it's kind of upsetting
let's do it in a minute
try that now in minutes how many minutes
old am I Wow a lot of minutes a superbug
one last thing was try second and I am
even wow that's a lot of seconds I guess
like visualizing it doesn't make it seem
like a lot you know what I mean like I
don't know I guess so what I'm trying to
say is make it count guys make every
second apparently make every second
count
get out of there ant that's not a jungle
that's my foot you might be wondering
why I'm using this camera instead of
this camera ally try to turn it on I
don't know what happened
okay now I'll try to record something
see it's not working I want to turn it
on just after recording at the park and
it's just like went black we killed
another camera nope try to hit the play
button I already tried rest in peace
camera number 55 see it shows the videos
what if I go to the record it's just
completely black okay since I'm
completely OCD about like finances is
like my paperwork my paper trails I take
photos of every single thing I buy with
this little program on my phone and it's
like an expense program and I was just
thinking it's like wait did I buy the
extended warranty for this because I
usually don't but I think Ali convinced
me and sure enough I'm like looking at
the receipt that says extended warranty
at Best Buy so we're hitting the Best
Buy
I should tell you she did like her but
several times yeah so now you have
buccal germs all over there I have no
idea what happened to this looks so
weird like you should be able to see me
right there see you don't see anything
is anyone keeping track how many cameras
we've been destroying I don't know I
guess though like since we're filming
every single day I get seven hundred
days there's bow there's bound to be
some casualties I'm gonna try to hit up
before five o'clock and open up a brand
new peel box just gotta find one really
good about cuz I don't really feel quite
at home yet at our new place I feel like
it's just because I've gotten familiar
with anything you know like when we were
living in Tampa I got really familiar
because obviously I went to school there
then we move to Tallahassee we were
there for almost two years so I got
really comfortable right now I just feel
kind of like like blah if that makes any
sense you know what I mean I have no
idea where anything is I feel like
really uncomfortable I only know a
couple close friends of mine in the area
I know it always happens where you know
in places you move like new places where
you're unfamiliar you know it'll
eventually be comfortable I just gotta I
just gotta get lost a few times to try
to find my way good news guys got a new
peel box so yeah I just opened up for
our peel box what I'm going to do
something to put on the about section of
our internet kill tv.com so I'll put a
link down there if you guys were curious
what our new peel box would be so yeah
it's finally open I opened it it's
awesome I got the keys where the keys
get the keys and everything sorry just
the line just have to make sure to find
the right post office because like I'm
hoping we don't have any problems this
time cuz we always seem to make enemies
it's most just these people seem pretty
cool so hopefully they work alright hi
let's see if they will fix my camera
give me a new one that'd be pretty sweet
I'd never warranty after all all right
why won't you stick with my plan there
we go alright well first off I have some
bad news the camera is going to be gone
for three weeks
again kill the camera getting so
frustrated my big fat head isn't fitting
the camera lens does it after like hold
it like way over here
am i okay so I recognize absolutely
nothing around me right now
I've been going the right direction man
I've been in the car all frickin day I
want to make like fajitas vaginas I want
to make some chicken I've left the
chicken
gotta go back I was going to make
chicken fajitas and yeah so I went to
Publix to go get all the peppers and
things like that so I have only five
maybe five or six items so that
classifies me is allowed to go in the
ten items or less Lane right lady cuts
in front of me with her big shopping
cart and goes the guy oh I only have a
couple items more than 10 is that okay
so the guy was like okay thinking maybe
you know 12 you know 13 at most and I
even said I was like oh yeah it's no
problem you go in front of me yeah I
counted she had 37 items that's three
hundred and seventy percent more than
what you're allowed so I'm just gonna
give you guys a little less life lesson
right now if you have more than ten
items don't go through that Lane
hashtag how to not be an asshole in life
so are you feeling feeling better no she
she still hasn't gotten over that
sickness where how does it go
you need to get better Hey eat the apple
do you not like it anymore though Gates
is gonna get you Bill Gates is gonna get
you he's gonna get you she doesn't like
them anymore
stop blur your face basically you're in
the witness protection program from the
CIA because you killed bin Laden my
favorite one is though that your face is
naturally pixelated and then the other
one was that you got enough you had a
staring contest with Chuck Norris and
you just lost your face because of it
you got it out what is that giant stick
a job should be eating this though
watching the Shaytards birthday happy
birthday prince is tarde so we're
watching baby
Hardin attire you girls like watching
your friends marlis like man okay let's
put a little bit of cerveza free uh I've
never done this before is that even how
you're supposed to do it I always
pretend like I know what I'm doing when
I'm cooking guys but I have no idea and
I think that's why I have so much fun
doing this tests out and just goof
around because forever you you know one
delicious thing that I come up with I
come up with some pretty heinous
concoctions as you saw yesterday the oh
god I seriously I woke up with that
taste in my mouth
it's disgusting making vaginas vaginas I
do it's a salsa fiesta by the time the
thing is every time I cook I get full by
the time I'm done I wonder why that is
no because you're eating everything I
should prepare
get the Medusa hair you burned yourself
with water
oh I forgot to tell you guys I was doing
the garbage disposal to get rid of all
the excess chicken and crap
and I had it on and spark flew out of
the garbage disposal on both ends and it
knocked the the circuit breaker thing I
had to turn it back on it went and it
started smoking no it was pretty amazing
though see best things happen when the
camera's not on I'm gonna strap a GoPro
on my head from now on just a reminder
drunk gaming with we the Kings is live
on Ally's YouTube channel we played
Super Smash Brothers get it smashed
instead of smash because they are
intoxicated haha I'm so funny
who says robots don't have a sense of
humor click here to watch it
oh ho I have to go poop and it's going
to be a doozy ok I'll see you next time
very
