are you making a list are you checking
it twice are you trying to figure out
who's naughty or nice oh is this it
right there oh cool I guess he's not the
write it down Oh Internet you know what
we have to do we have to go to Publix
we've been here since almost a week Matt
not almost a week a while and we have
not gone we've done the Publix once but
it was just for the barbecue and we
forgot a lot of food you guys gonna be
good
you gonna be good it's found that it's
smoother anyway and Esau and he's gonna
love mine gonna get me a cup never I
don't know what I'm James Kenny's going
down to the 1 to the 5 yard line to 5 at
the 10 yard line you know the drill
right he goes and he hit the curb I'm
sure target does not appreciate you
doing that look at that booty
I want to see you do a nose manual on
that so this is last year's where I got
addicted because delicate process of
alleys selecting a toothbrush going for
medium oh look at this crazy one oh my
god you gotta get this one's like a
zebra it'll match your 80s bathing suit
I'm getting some depends some adult
diapers I gotta get some soap oh
speaking of which I completely forgot to
tell you guys remember that commercial
that I was telling you guys the the
method commercial where they wanted a
bunch of CT of X ears in well I'm gonna
put a link in this set bar below so go
check it out and see how many CPX ears
you you can find cuz I spy I spied a few
of them getting some poo paper yeah in
the big one expecting me some tacos
tonight it is Taco Tuesday really funny
it's just like I wonder if on Tuesday
like toilet paper sales just skyrocket
alright so do we have any vets in the
audience because we're trying to figure
out like which ones are better for Zoey
Marly because you're citing the shed
they decide to be a little punks right
now and lose up all their hip for good
look at this one this it's like freaking
blade it scares the crap out of me
everyone like at Ali's thinking face
good thinking face for your pet that has
everything get the new hairdryer they
need a hairdryer they have one that's
called your hair dry all right see how
much you're worth you're a bargain put a
futon in the office so that way when I
do a bad prank on you you can make me
you can send me their futon go to your
corner Charles or when you do something
really mean I can send you to the futon
know your princess your little prince
she's a princess I will rescue you it's
like all rescuing things it's like a
super hero section how many people wait
on that
that's cute sit on it I told you one see
how much I'm worth okay I'm only worth
five bucks you're more valuable I guess
I'm on sale looks like he's got some big
nuts I know that was totally
inappropriate time to see if this thing
finished exporting Episode four is done
oh it's done episode 4 of drunk gaming
special guests we the Kings they wanted
to play this special game right there
you guys recognize the game if you don't
recognize it's called Super Smash
Brothers and it's like the greatest game
of all time they demanded to play this
game with Ali and Justin so yeah I'll
put a link at the end of the video and
in the video description box and you can
check that out and show us some love and
keep giving them suggestions cuz this
actually came again chosen by you guys
it was like one of the highest thumbs up
comments and it's really funny just just
just a warning just a warning Travis
he's a little bit loud so make sure to
have your little headphones like kind of
out oh I mean after all he is a singer
so you can you get as a beating
projected voice
okay just pisses me off that always does
well so he you always look so ferocious
what you want to do I'll go outside okay
hold on I have to finish this it's
almost done exporting okay
five seconds test out this new thing all
right we got this weird-lookin thing
Lucas looks like a shaver doesn't it all
I said I might do really I can't believe
I just put that in the mouth this is
custody
who wants to be first we're Zoe yeah do
your little poop dance
not so much yet oh my gosh that is a lot
of hair that's what we got so far what
do you think Zoe you feel a little
lighter do what this comes up let's get
your neck keep that neck of yours oh
look at that I'm gonna have enough here
to make like a blanket this is so gross
you tell she likes it read spot
treatment all right everyone take a
guess in the comments who do you think
is gonna have more hair come on Zoe or
Marlee tell me in the comments before we
do this so far this is Zoe but I have a
feeling Marlee it's gonna have a lot
more oh my gosh
Zoe it's snowing I don't even know if I
want to show you guys this this is so
gross this is from Zoe so far I might
have been done I just I got bored okay
this is all from Zoe hey your turn you
ready your turn
can you beat this Miley can you beat
that I don't know Marlee did Allie do
this to you already
you have like nothing this is all that's
coming off of Marlee that's not normal
you usually shed way more than her looks
like Zoe might win this competition did
you do this on Marlee already no really
she didn't have any hair
she's always got a few tumbleweeds going
on now that's service right there
so think I'm you're gonna eat this and
you can just rub my back why does she do
this is randomly starts digging a hole
going to China she's creating a booby
trap and then sticking her nose in the
hacker we pretty much have syrup and
ketchup and horseshoe Shire sauce tire
and limes and garlic and we got mimosas
so yeah we got a pretty nutritious and
pickles and pickle yes I think it's time
with all that some carrots yeah it's
time to go to the grocery store actually
you know what I'm gonna take a little
bit of what we actually have put in a
cup and eat it since the show this is
edible and nutritious even though it's
probably not get the lime let's try this
well that was pretty cool that was my
fault there's the other line got a
little bit of orange juice okay
that is in your bed those are our sheets
a little bit of that little bit of
orange juice tad bit of ketchup oh that
was way too much syrup why is it so
going well top it off tear you to try
this it was the white oh wow whoa came
out pretty cool looking you sure I'm
gonna throw up if you drink that and I'm
never kissing you again you better brush
your teeth is it like the whole thing
that's just a once it
I can do it my body is naturally
rejecting it I'm getting like a natural
gag reflex the second I like this your
thought it's a higher self all right I'm
trying to prove that this is a yeah I'm
gonna throw up my my sympathy yeah I'm
gonna go to grocery store once you drink
it it's not so bad it's the smell of the
pickle the horshack Porchester how you
say I'm so sure
okay I don't think that's right though
horseshoe Shire I don't think this
always check out whatever doesn't matter
that smell the pickle the orange juice
and then the sweetness of the syrup once
you smell that it's like but then once
you drink it it's just like orange juice
because you know what because the orange
juice in the surf of the most potent and
this is like a pancake
you know pancakes or waffles and take
home it's funny we got so used to the
other store everything is completely
backwards here it's all flip-flop it's
good tickets you know there's a learning
curve there's definitely a learning
curve with your grocery shopping
there's a learning shut your face that's
what there is there we go now I never
have to eat that disgusting food again
much better Marley
we actually have food again yeah a
dreaded combination I know it seems
weird but doesn't so it looks skinnier
after getting all that hair off okay see
look at that you look a lot I don't know
if this is like maybe your hair is
laying flatter you don't care you just
want this this is how I get them to pay
attention maybe I'll give you another
Apple but you're getting ready to pounce
wait no I'm supposed being here lava
remember lava is this new lava this is
this is more wood colored lava this is a
momentous occasion I am going to make
the very first pizza of our new place I
had to do it I have to I have to do it
plus anything to get rid of the taste in
my mouth right now what's it smell like
it's something fish I guessed the fish
preheat I don't know what it smell like
fish Arvin's very fishy
are you seriously watching the greatest
movie of all time this is why I'm
marrying you
yeah you you know you find your partner
and lights when they're coming out and
watching
Mortal Kombat movies the first one this
is the first one it's the worst one two
best worst one Wow
love you too sweetie are you still
watching it I thought it was a bad movie
oh there is the guy from Beverly Hills
ninja are you liking it Zoe - hey
everybody I just wanted to let you guys
know that this week's episode of drunk
gaming is now live on my channel
youtube.com slash Ally so click here to
check it out we played Super Smash
Brothers with two very special guests
Danny and traps from we the kings thanks
everybody hope you enjoy it
with trippy
it would be an early
