sup dog Oh internet killed kind of team
so we're trying to get into our friends
um guess is where he defends his thesis
these these i thesis is like an a thesis
so we can graduate so our new college
right now this is actually pretty crazy
even for your undergrad you have to have
a thesis defend it get it accepted
approved and then you graduate it's not
just for masters only at new college
that I know if I don't know it's crazy I
I wouldn't have been able to do it
that's just that's too much for me but
Ali's late so I don't know if she's
basically gonna try to Chuck Norris her
way and and she's gonna text me forget
in huh looks like she was able to Chuck
Norris yourself in
all the same
- there's a
Simon
so uh yeah I wiggle em I have no idea
where I'm at oh yeah so Ali it was able
to actually Chuck Norris herself in by
my truck doors turn yourself in I mean
by waiting outside the door and she's
literally going like this with her ear
so she can hear it so I'm gonna go try
to find a dog park around here and let
them run around and kill some time no he
came to see Ray's back yeah we missed it
by like two minutes I got locked out
yeah it's me now there's no answer all
of these people made it I did not make
it
I miss it by two minutes I got locked
out oh my god the first time eating what
Wow speech what I know we do hugs that
was on video that's gonna be forever now
now we have that is ready for an
adventure
I have no idea where I'm at I grew up
here and I still have no idea where I'm
at I think so he knows where are we
going she's totally thinking about it
look at her I would really like not to
go wet right now looks like everyone's
tired now um so yeah I'm just looking
through all the comments right now I'm
just replying and a lot of you guys have
a lot of questions about why Andrews
face is all blurry no he was totally in
a shark accident and a shark totally bit
his face off and then a bear came and
kicked him in the face and then Chuck
Norris came and tried to apply his face
back but it just doesn't look the same
so we we just like you know Leibler his
face all serious is we've actually
blurred Andrew for the past three years
of vlogging um just I first started off
as a joke like we just want to have this
like mysterious person likes mysterious
friend that nobody knew who he was and
then he actually you know got a really
professional job and his job doesn't
really take kindly to to the internet
which kind of sucks
chemistry's brings me to another point
about like how a lot of employers look
on the internet people with Facebook's
people get they get fired sometimes
people get fired for what they have on
their personal Facebook's
which is kind of crazy to me because you
have this whole like freedom of speech
freedom to express yourself but your
employer can still fire you long story
short we do this just so he doesn't get
in trouble with this ah his work and
it's funny what do you guys think about
that like do you think that's that's
they shouldn't be able to do that right
you shouldn't be able to get fired for
what you post on the internet unless
you're like doing something racist or
you know violent or something like that
if you're just like you know like
partying and you know I have a photo of
you and your friends drinking when
you're a legal age you know on your
personal Facebook do you think a an
employer has the right to terminate
somebody I don't know my personal
opinion since I live on the internet it
sucks because like if if YouTube ever
goes away I would obviously have to get
a real job in the traditional sense
I very much consider YouTube a real job
but I had to get a traditional job in
that sense I mean I did graduate college
so I do have degree I have that to fall
back on
what I've already put on the internet
would that hurt me that shouldn't be
that's not fair once once the internet
like it's already changing now going
don't you think like the Internet's
already becoming more accepted once the
the old people the grumpy old people
that don't accept it get pushed out and
then our generation takes over I think
it'll definitely be better I mean you
can see that with tattoos you remember
like when somebody got like a tattoo
even like a nice tattoo like I don't I
don't consider my tattoos tacky you know
an employer some old grumpy person CEO
guy might not like it as they go out
we're gonna have like you know your
future CEO might have two sleeves and
like a septum piercing which is cool to
me I don't feel like that like hinders
their ability to do the job correctly
you know what I mean I know it's like
one of those little rants I haven't done
in a while but I was just like curious
you know what what are your thoughts
about that like your employees searching
your name and then you know hiring you
we're not hiring you because of stuff
they find on the Internet
kind of scary isn't it I was just
thinking about what I was just talking
about with Andrews face and I thought of
something really funny we can do as
as the CTFxC so if anyone ever asked in
the comments why he why is there a guy
with a blurry face we need to come up
with some ideas on what we would say
who's in the witness protection program
like I said a shark ate his face he was
born without a face tell me some ideas
in the comments and the ones that get
the most thumbed up well I'll just tell
you guys and then that'll be the reason
we give everybody from now on why his
face is blurry I think this is good this
could be good fun lose your money she's
been so weird building a temporary fence
to keep the dog Burton captain Marley
hello captain hey I don't think she
wants that she never wants out oh don't
impale yourself oh oh you just did it go
get Zoey you're wearing the phone there
okay come on let's go let's go why sorry
two three the dogs win get out no I
don't always yeah she's like 28 she's
like 28
yeah she's like 28 no wait so you're
wearing a bathing suit from the 1980s
he's like a little things well I thought
it was a volume for high waist she she
forgot our bathing suits so she had to
go raid her mom's club what's this kind
of funny that your mom still has that
bathing suit from the 1980s what's gonna
throw you in look I'm on this side do
you think everyone's gonna throw you in
the pool oh my god this fence almost
done you do you look like you being
Baywatch
or gymnasts oh he's being murdered Zoe
help him get in save him
oh you changed oh you want a real towel
Marley what are you doing up there I'm
not gonna walk by you on that side walk
on the side Oh
hands here huh good put it all back
she's like oh sure did I put that much
in there and then pours it back and
forth and it goes all over the place
your dingus whatever now it smells like
salsa an apple a day keeps dill gates
away hey good
it's really cute yeah
you get it you have to do is that yet oh
yeah there's no kick stuff as is for
hair what when she's like going to the
but babies like it's helping of a what
oh man don't go under the sneeze guard
oh girl stop
I like where's my daddy going Love Bug
Love Bug Love Bug lose their did you
shut it rub it all ride sweet sing sweet
sleep thing oh yeah sexy nice moves babe
that's the way to get the ladies I think
Charles was trying to race the golf cart
are you scared of the way who says
motorcycles don't get you bitches
you think you picked up mad bitches hey
picking up magic she is a mad bitch
right she's mad she is mad now Oh
huevos are you riding dirty back here
like oh look how far back you have this
seat you and a little low rider right
now
though I know look at this this is Tyson
see so we came down to celebrate
Mother's Day a little bit late so we're
going to meet up with everybody now so
happy Mother's Day everyone was
wondering why you don't want to be on
camera
I told me a camera shy it's really funny
was one of those that's a really funny
thing is when she when I was little she
was always annoying Melissa and I with
the camera like all the time do you
remember that yeah I want to go through
invite all those things so it's a little
ironic now that you don't want to be on
camera now that I'm best able to turn
it's all night like you're gripping the
door am i scaring you man VHS recording
Oh amazing
it's bit ironic cuz I used to hate it
when I was little and now I'm walking
around doing the exact same thing so
everyone should thank my mom for giving
me the skills of being able to hold a
camera so thank you mother
see your fancy new jeans
was that even say princess precious I
would not wear something this important
where'd you find those they were in your
third just in my closet I completely
forgot about him ah
why didn't we come tomorrow what kind of
food challenges only for people that
guys looks a little bit on slow this
buleria giant taco god oh my god hello
do join us
that's my verse the Oberon you get a
card what are you doing dude why you're
freaking out
we're time you freak out freaks me out
I'm trying to finish up APUs owed what
is this episode 4 I believe this is
episode 4 drunk gaming with allies on
Alice Channel and this episode is
actually a special request by these two
guys for co-hosting you recognize who
they are yeah they wanted to do a
special appearance with one of their
favorite games I'm not gonna tell you
which game but you can see you guys tell
the controllers that's all you guys get
it's all you get that'll be on a leash
and on Wednesday so I'm gonna try to
finish this up now and I got it's about
1200 it's all about 12 o'clock now um I
want to watch I got the movie skyline
because I heard it was super bad wait
why are you freaking out you're from
stop doing that you're freaked me out
when you do that dude she's like she
smells something weird yeah yeah I know
you guys what you guys know that I'm
like the greatest singer on the planet
it's just like that cool look I chanted
that the best they're gonna win American
Idol yeah I just had the killer falsetto
you know what I mean I just you can't
knock before it sorry I mean I had the
killer falsetto - awesome - awesome that
is what makes you an amazing into the
worst is one people to gloat about
humility
okay I'm the worst singer and the planet
that's true baby hi Joey
Oh
and that this was threatening a
thoroughly the pool today you smell
anyway while I was trying to wash my
hands you jerk
yeah you better run
see what you did
it's coming up guard me waiter
Hey where's the psst
giddy with child tripping
you like see
with with just Rafi and Ally
you
