hey good morning everyone check out the
view from my brand new office damn water
fountain so now I'm always gonna be
hearing running water and have to pee
hey everyone so it's the first morning
in the new place what are you doing you
what are you looking for trying to find
your toys
I think it's that box over there still
investigating so it's really cute so you
might keep finding new rooms thundering
and lightning right now this is the
first thing we had to unpack Zoey
demanded her octopus is everything right
in the world right now Zoey anyway so
it's our first morning out in place I'm
just getting ready to upload the vlog
the internet guy also known as the guy
better than Santa came and I want I
can't wait to test today how fast it is
it's kind of getting me off itself
situated I think I'll ease up now yeah
there she is
how'd you sleep good what are you doing
what you doing you and Marly geez so it
will hang out the internet guy was like
can you turn that light on and I'm like
maybe nope nope nope nope oh that's it
so how long do you think it's gonna take
us to get everything back to normal you
think I think a week can unpack four
week I guess I can you guys just come
over and just do this for us
heck yeah we officially cut the upload
time in half it used to take about
30-something minutes for about that size
whoo I was just gonna say I thought you
lost it hey you found the shower curtain
in the world of course I did what
happened I always do to try and paint
the curtain I want it turned on like
that it just turns on
I was extremely careful to miss okay
that was hard
that was I love you
I like how I just get the camera now no
the camera doesn't mean bark at it why
are you barking at everyone hey honey
look out the window this is gonna be
your favorite place ever in five seconds
sit you can just see Turtles outside in
the little pond what do you want to name
him Allie want a name of Fredrik all
right guys
that wild turtles name is Fredrik he's
your adopted brother and or sister
because I don't know what kind of gender
he is we should go say hi to him guys
good job open our new door
I was reading through some of the
comments of yesterday's vlog and you
guys really want just way too much light
in here to have that light does it
totally make a difference no wasting
energy
anyway so I was reading through the
comments of yesterday's vlog and you
guys really want me to do an interactive
cribs type of video so maybe once we get
everything taken care of because right
now it doesn't make any sense you can't
see anything it's just giant boxes it'd
be like you know click here to see the
bedroom with magic happens here's the
closet here's the toilet where the other
magic happens so maybe I'll do that
early next week cuz I'm thinking this is
gonna take a few days cuz mother day
mother's day all right this is the first
time we're leaving these little dudes
alone by themselves please please please
don't destroy anything I didn't destroy
anything I didn't destroy anything and
Zoe's beating up her pillow
I don't help myself
so we just finished doing some of the
unpacking which by the way you guys were
right unpacking is totally worse than
packing we're trying to find food so
we're doing the whole get ourselves lost
and try to find our way back what what
the heck's going on back there
what is back there oh it's the it's the
Sun reflector everyone's freaked it out
dug it puck target park so we only found
a corporation chain we couldn't find
anything else I'll have to keep looking
it's in there that's totally different
instead of a pine trees we get like this
weird Sawgrass she's away faster gotta
get creative it's weird they don't have
like a little ball at the bottom though
the dainty version she doesn't like it
so we're making some progress that the
squeaky steak what do you think what do
you think she gets that from you
hammering that hammering that bored
alright so Ally walked through the the
bathroom and Zoe was sitting here in the
shower just chilling she was actually
behind this she was just hanging out it
was like only time ever in the history
of the dog's life that she wants to go
in a shower
well our theory is that it's cold and
she hasn't put two and two together that
this is where she gets her yeah I'm not
gonna say it you thought I was going to
Zoe can you go and sort those out for me
that'd be really good really appreciate
it
my feet know she's staring at the water
look at the water want to go in it want
to go in it she's fascinated by that
water so this is what Zoe does all the
time just stares out there and just
watches the water like totally want to
go swim in say we can't move somewhere
new and not christen our favorite
restaurant the bees you ready for the
bees is that annoying teacher that did
this to your papers
a +8 what okay that's awesome
just want to let all of you know the
reason I'm recording is this is so that
we can have a record of Charles's demise
and know that it is not in fact my doing
I don't want to be blamed when you show
up dead on the apartment floor I don't
know what that is process yeah cuz then
I have to grab flag and slide down the
pole you don't we need we need two more
boxes and you're gonna hit the ceiling
by that time and then I could hear the
tape okay take a step another one drop
the flag if you bust your face on that
I'm not gonna help you listen if you're
gonna be dumb you gotta be tough I don't
I go on tough love char please don't
hurt yourself it's like walking on like
ice like you can slowly hear it like
you're gonna die everything
ah no he did not far now fine I'm okay
she didn't fall I fell save me
that was awesome oh man so that's in
that I wiped my hands
yes
with trippy
