moving day alright guys we gotta start
moving stuff you be good okay watch me
bring it ring your Bell if you need
anything
will we be able to get everything in
this truck oh wait so that's why I don't
know you that frantic you missed Jesus
oh my god that was on me I was storing
it for later like oh my chipmunk alright
little escape artist I don't even know
how you got outside let's go scoot scoot
scoot
get back in the house get back good girl
let's check this out I'm starting to oh
my gosh
the office is completely empty oh yeah
ittsan hey bad girl you have to stay
here until you learn to not run outside
okay be good excuse me how did you how
did you do that I get back up how did
you get all right obviously big punk I'm
gonna suck it up this weird this is like
when we first moved in hey guys get
escaped again
alright you guys got to check this out
these guys are like serious Tetris
maskers look at this this is some
serious picture skills
that's pretty sweet I don't know if you
can see you can't see underneath but
that truck dumped all of its contents
right there at the light I guess when it
was going uphill something happened and
everything slid out hello doggies we're
almost done almost done the bedrooms
clean after I just shampoo getting your
feet prints everywhere completely empty
and empty so we pretty much have
everything in the truck almost
struggling
barley keeps jumping out she somehow
escapes do that again yeah you gotta
know your neighbors one last time right
yeah dear neighbors below us I apologize
for the two years of loudness dear
future neighbors I apologize in advance
Alys already left with the dogs I was
just doing some last-minute cleaning but
I just wanted to show you one last time
this apartment so everything's cleaned
up I just got to take back to stupid
modem and then stuff like that
I had to upload something to the trippy
channel before so I'm just waiting for
it
that kind of upload it's a guilty thing
here is a router but yeah look how empty
it is so yeah let's go back into the
living room and go to the bedroom
make sure everything's we didn't leave
anything doesn't look like we left
anything that was that'll be kind of bad
rolling here I go yeah that's weird
all right well everything's done this
chapter in our life is now officially
closed so that's it we just need to walk
through alleys already gone but I just
did the walkthrough and they were very
they were very pleased to find out we
were very clean folk I just gotta go
with stupid Comcast and drop off their
stupid router and their stupid cable box
cuz I'm gonna get files down
it's me faster and you guys gonna get
your vlogs a lot faster then I'm outie
I wrote again I'm so seriously sick of
driving
driving forever goodbye Tallahassee I do
love it I don't love the drive I do love
the place I do love most of the people
it's really weird that's my home
for so long
gonna be extremely extremely strange
wake up and be there every day it's
gonna be a good change I'm excited and
I'm excited you guys are coming with
that and also these little guys agree
with us of course being dorable laying
on top of each other as usual it's so
cute whatever it's like a couch back
there I want to sit back there they can
drive so I'm officially on the road
driving you see all that crap in the
back of my car yeah I honestly have no
idea how we did this it was like Tetris
in this car Tetris analogies car and
Tetris in the jaw of the truck we
definitely would have been able to do
this so quickly if we didn't get movers
this time which by the way I want to say
thank you a huge huge thank you this is
actually kind of cool story we were
researching movers right and I came
across this awesome website called hire
a helper comm I did it quote for that
right I needed to get a quote they
contacted me back here's the funny thing
they watched the CTFxC so that's even
cooler anyway so I started talking with
the owner a really cool guy really nice
guy
so I know what the heck's going on with
my lips right now I have an eye some
sort of allergic reaction or something
looks like I swear I'm not wearing
lipstick
he said that he would be willing I want
everyone to do this because he said he
would donate $1 for every single CTFxC
that goes and does that to the
international justice mission anyway so
the international justice mission is why
it's really cool essentially it's a
human rights agency and what it does is
it ensures justice for like slavery you
know in other countries unfortunately
slavery is still prevalent like you know
people being kidnapped and sold into
prostitution what they do is they work
with local agencies and local
governments to ensure you know these
people you know are brought to justice
they're safe you know basically it's
just it's not all-around awesome thing
I'll put a link in the video description
below so you can read about it more but
bottom line is hire help or calm said
they would donate $1 for everyone who
clicks like on their Facebook page and I
have to say this is awesome and I hope
you guys you want to check it out at
least so huge thanks for them offering
to donate in the name of the CTFxC
that is the most adorable thing I've
ever seen she can't play anywhere else
she's laying on my arm rests
there's
okay so the other day I don't know how
it happened but I bit my lip I guess it
was so hungry I feel like a vampire I
got bit that's what that is I made
myself bleed I bit my lip so hard oh I
don't know if the medicine I put on it
is having some sort of reaction to it I
guess this is what I would look like if
I was wearing lipstick it's not very
flattering
guys remember like sometime last late
last year I recorded this cover and I
did all the music the reason why we
haven't filmed is obviously cuz I was
doing a lot of schoolwork and like dr.
zombie I lost the files I found it so
we'll have to definitely do that one of
these days I promise we'll eventually
get it done I just did I do it I wanted
to make it done right I spent so much
time doing the music by the way how I
cover my lips
ha ha ha ha ha ha true I I speak like
Foghorn Leghorn if you have no idea that
is that giant chicken from Looney Tunes
I say I say hey I say I'm talking about
the southern giant chicken but I always
calls me foghorn leghorn because I have
a little bit of a stutter
it's not that bad but I do say I do have
a stages I did it there
darnit love to make sure to edit this to
make it look like I don't have a stutter
is this right oh I am lost I have no
idea how to get to our stupid GPS I
guess there's a bunch of new roads so
confused so confused I think this is
right
all right so this is a new place so this
is a new kitchen living room there they
are hey guys you like your new place
apparently we have a pop of the
neighbors so that's kind of a plus
there's math and I'll be able to do it
okay this is pretty awesome you guys
have your own little dog park that's
awesome now this is pretty cool they
have their own dog park they can just
like walk outside and just go yeah yeah
I'm just gonna run around play with
other dogs even though it's pretty
barren right now be careful we rally
pack stuff
she puts little booby traps I like the
floor here horse pretty sweet you got a
seraph you I have to show you our view
tomorrow or something cuz dark place
this is a nice place I really like it
mom our homie homie yo homie some more
homie is this place awesome Zowie it's
already got reflections built into the
wall yo lady yo Lee I got the TV and
stuff all worked out now I'm working on
the office what you think I'm gonna try
something different this time maybe take
the top part and put it over there and
then put this over here maybe a little
couch or futon for you know futon eNOS
place is awesome
I love this place tomorrow once we get
things more taking okay I was thinking
would this be something you guys should
we do should we do like an interactive
like cribs style and just it's not that
big one place but I want to edit it all
like the cribs
if that's something you want or just
want to straight-up vlog just let me
know but I feel like right now we can't
we can't do it with all these boxes this
isn't very crude tastic this isn't very
gangster it's definitely not gangsta
when you say gangster pizza has a drive
to know if I should be excited or
extremely confused I think it's a little
bit of both right now I have no idea
like you're going that thing he's like
excuse me lobbies closed and he's like I
was like okay we ordered pizza for
pickup
hey Marley you just tweeting you
tweeting your friends about your new
house
all right just testing this out this is
actually the new house we just moved in
it's awesome and this is a new camera
that I'm just testing out right now so
see what the quality there's are oh wait
we can look at her this way - what how
do i unlock yeah we can unlock a door oh
hi hi we're Zoey oh gosh
she wants you to make that bed quicker
you happy at your new place
what is that
but Oh get it your weekend I know today
has been kind of a kind of a whirlwind
of craziness Oh Quinn you want to see
something pretty interesting okay so I
think our house is like wheel or
handicapped capable or accessible so our
thermostat is like really low and then
this is the coolest thing we got a
peephole and then we got a crotch people
like a real legit people oh it's a legit
people get it you know what I'm saying
you know what I'm saying mm-hmm know
what I'm saying we're gonna probably it
to bed so we can make this like an early
morning like guess what my favorite guy
better than Santa Claus yes the internet
guy is coming tomorrow the internet guy
is coming just before the vlog this
video is uploaded so if this video is
not uploaded at normal time
that means the internet guy came late
nothing with a leash oh there's not even
a leash in there
I'm really happy this place is really
nice it's cool it's cool we got a
mountain view so is this like standing
there like where do I go boys are stand
here or Harley makes out with your mouth
and now where's Marlene oh there's my
I'm ready for bed that's good well this
is gonna be kind of weird cuz I have to
edit you now guys I have to edit you and
then what is in this coat closet some
chick Kate does hey what does that mean
guys internet land what does that mean
was a translate that translate it new
chapter in our life new house new year
new life it's awesome
you guys stoked you stoked you'd better
be stoked can i guys I'll see you
tomorrow
worse
giddy with child tripping
to be an ally
