wakey-wakey it's our last day in
Tallahassee
yeah time to wake up everyone time to
get up
no more five more minutes
it just gave you 15 minutes when you
wanted ten last day we have to look we
have a lot of packing you're really good
at it you're making me sleepy right what
get up come on
yes it doesn't help that you guys are
just laying here - come on we have to
take this apart we have to take that
apart we have to move this around this
but we got a lot done last yesterday so
I mean this is all pretty much
everything else and we got the shirts in
there come on there we go somebody's
gonna wake your alarm somebody calling
in a dog's apparently 15 giant boxes was
not enough for all our crap so I have to
go get more boxes it's three o'clock now
and at what time is it
eight o'clock see it's Eric's birthday
it's a surprise birthday he had he has
no idea yesterday was kind of like the
fake fake celebration I'm just like kind
of driving around I'm taking the law I
don't get boxes so I'm thinking like the
scenic routes our routes do you guys say
routes our routes scenic drive just
because this is gonna be the last time
in Tallahassee probably for a very long
time so it's all just say goodbye
Tallahassee you know it's like the
ugliest seem that would see there's a
Bigfoot though there's a Bigfoot and
it's for sale so we should buy that
actually get a Bigfoot let me should get
Ally like a smart car and we should
always Park them like next to each other
or nay we should point the smart car
underneath underneath the Bigfoot do you
don't need like a garage or shelter for
the smart car because
the Bigfoots big enough oh my god a
picture love Oh as expensive pizza that
is an expensive pizza one thousand
dollars
wait $1,099 that isn't that must be a
delicious like gold pizza did you see
that really quick it was like really
quick but apparently Fox and news I
don't okay I don't really want to talk
politics too much but I just want to
like figure out why they're doing this I
think I might know but did you notice
that Fox News is now calling bin Laden
Osama with a you instead of an O is that
because they screwed up and wrote like
Obama bin Laden died or dead or
something like that back on what was it
Sunday kind of weird Oh Fox News and
your blunders so got some more boxes
I've good news
apparently we single-handedly bought out
that entire I guess everybody's boxes
were donated for any proceeds that
people buy them go to like the homeless
shelters I guess that's kind of cool I
feel a little bit better buying from
them then another company but if we put
every single box they have you just
sitting there where I do work you got to
take apart all these uh these table legs
cuz this stuff is like stone it's like
pure stone and pure wood I remember when
we moved in the Tampa when Andrew and I
had to do it by herself we were the only
ones and we had to go up how many I
didn't know how flights we lived on but
yeah that's definitely why we hired
movers this time check that out that's
how heavy this thing is
knocked it down probably a good half
inch hanging out mark oh man do you
remember the day we put this thing
together yeah how how much of a pain in
the butt that was that's gonna be
probably even more fun
so we'll just okay so I'll just lay it
up you just slide it straight down all
right this is like a it's like a dead
body
oh I'm just gonna kind of lay right here
for okay no no no you have handles we do
your I should have a plan before you
let's just what was that man that's
right that's right
Oh God I remember that that was fun
you're thinking portals no more bed
having fun no fish pays to get your
tongue oh she licked my time so before
we leave tomorrow I decided that we
should you know come back to this little
area because I feel I feel like we've
been you know at this part of the park
we've we've had a lot of like one-on-one
times where we get the rap you know what
I mean
with little chit chats no so I just
wanted to kind of take one last little
walk the dogs were getting kind of antsy
anyway and then kind of getting in our
way so you know for just the stall just
sake wanted to take one last little walk
not gonna go in the woods though I don't
ticks of fleas or two-headed snakes
biting my face turn around kind of
creepy plus for some reason the windows
open and turn off the air-conditioning
which is really weird for whoa I think
that is super low what does that weird
device
are they draining it all the little
turtles are gonna die jeez I wonder how
long that's been underwater two years
that we've lived here I've never seen it
once like this and what are what they're
trying to do and like all they cut down
all the trees and stuff to put all the
beer cans and bed it into the ground bar
there since like the 60s or the early
1800s it's always kind of crazy you see
like there's like a giant I don't even
know what that a spool of sorts I don't
know maybe that's what they used the the
the thread that the Kings drone and
those are his bottles of mead get to
work huh get to work hey brush happy
Star Wars day may the 4th be with you I
was hoping I was like hey goofy pun is
that why it's May 4th you can see may
the force be with you well you say that
cuz supposed to make it sound like forth
with a little may the 4th be with the
other 4 I was laughing so I said like
that whatever fuck weren't like I liked
making you do that toilet oh yeah that's
cuz you pee all over the place I'd like
to point out that Charles has on
occasion peed while the toilet lid was
down boys have fire hoses
sometimes hard to control especially
when it's at night married women and men
know what I'm talking about
remember when I say Gordo's the other
night was gonna be the last night
I lied we had to come back one more time
it's like the best place ever basically
we're doing a surprise for Eric he's
gonna find his his prize which I could
tell you guys this next box he's not
gonna know this until after anyway but
we all chipped in and got him an awesome
Xbox oh okay I got a stop talk about it
okay was it the gym these sandwiches
won't make you slim to get tallies best
you must head west have a smash also I
have to drink one of those again that
was number two
we're what do I need to do I don't know
do something with the trash
maybe she does
she's still going oh you gotta close you
gotta go commit good luck go forth and
find your second clue see you on the
flip side well flip side there's the
flip side had to take one more trip oh
do remember when you walk through here
and there's the zelda sign oh they
painted over it new generation of
students be sad you're really sad gonna
cry don't cry don't cry don't cry be
strong you'll be fine yeah it's pretty
it's pretty amped this is like the most
empty we've ever seen
no we filmed right here we filmed right
in there the I fart in public right down
that tube I'll put up annotate I'll put
it down there but yeah I fart in public
another one of our old videos we'd be
together here jeez it's kind of crazy
like how many things that we did in
Tallahassee like I thought we did a lot
of things in Tampa but it was majority
in Tallahassee huh it's gonna see the
library I bet there's no one and it's
gonna freak me out look at that empty
parking lot where we filmed that Oh rape
behind those bushes right there was the
other part of our fart in public that
was when Ali was doing work and I was
like I gotta get a couple more shots at
maybe an ATM and I did it I just hid the
camera in an ATM that was actually
pretty ballsy on my part right there I
can't believe I did that
it's kind of a it's like a ghost town
and there's a fountain where Zoey
we were playing frisbee the other day
and then Zoey Marlin went swimming in
there
look there's a dragon no big deal all
right enough enough mushy stuff we got
to head back to the house because the
the third clue actually leads that whole
fake that fake goodbye thing yeah it's
fake
Eric has no idea it was a pin yeah
basically the third clue were his
present you guys already know I'm gonna
say it again
Xbox cuz Eric doesn't know now it's
hidden in all the boxes that we have at
the house stop okay you may proceed stop
proceed if it's you we out yo we're not
we out yo stop
God is like really all over there wasted
no time to call the cops he's hitting a
he's on the curb all right time to call
the cops all right mister drunky guy we
have to call the cops on you I'm sorry
but you're the idiot or you're drunk all
right guys so I don't want you guys
think it were just like you know call
the cops on people that that was really
honestly scary that person almost hit
them than the median about oh is that
Sonia Marley seriously
no it's father dog is that a rancor you
should be fun here guys I know it's so
scary scary holy freaking crap that was
really scary we had that unfortunately
call the cops because that person almost
the median he almost swerved into the
other people so I mean like okay we have
the drunk gaming series right okay
address can i address something no but I
want to address something really quickly
because we've had some flack to be
completely honest with you guys about
the whole drunk gaming series and the
thing I want to address is that with
that we always strive and stress the
reason why we don't actually show it is
because they're in there safety of the
house you know they're the companies
they're not driving they're not doing
what that a-hole did in that CRX because
that's just stupid you know what I mean
like don't drink and drive unless you're
playing Mario Kart at home doesn't
matter if you say like oh I'm fine I
don't care if I hurt myself it's not you
it's that other people out there if you
don't respect your own life enough at
least have the decency to know this you
could kill someone else if you're gonna
drink and you're of legal age just drive
drive Mario Kart drunk okay don't get in
a real car cuz they don't have a do-over
you can't restart your game you know
what I mean okay so the seriousness is
over now but that was kind of scary
just wanted to address that because I
feel like we have to you know like have
a little serious moments here's the fun
moment
when your phone right here you want to
hear the fun moment so Marley decided to
go into the tools of all places doesn't
have food no food in the tools no food
right no food in there you're a big jerk
- I'm gonna call the cops on you for
being a jerk okay so they're on their
way
I gave him a Driftless Pony Club saying
see if they find it we're bouncing clue
number trace trace number the Spanish
speakers for three for you non-spanish
if you want to get something that rocks
you'll only have to go a few blocks to
the house that's loud with puffs that
are proud and try to find the right box
I don't know I think I'm supposed to
pack that I'm really good at opening
things really good
he thinks there's an Xbox in there
that's really funny oh he actually
thinks it works hi Marlee are you ready
to leave
Klaus is pretty empty let's go over here
a final thing well a final one I'll
probably put something on the trippy
channel that way you guys can see the
absolute final thing to forth in the
vlog and then everything's packed in
here for the movers
bye Tallahassee right we're gonna finish
doing this guys I will I will update you
tomorrow
but as far as now this is our final
night in Tallahassee it's kind of bitter
it's definitely bittersweet I mean we've
had a lot of crazy experiences
definitely the majority of the
flourishing of the CTFxC definitely came
from living here so it's gonna be kind
of crazy it's gonna be kind of crazy
going to chapter chapter 3 sorry I'm
busy being the man of the house oh yeah
just because I'm wearing a riot t-shirt
doesn't mean you're the man somebody
somebody's got to do it alright guys we
just finished packing so we're just
gonna pass out so we can wake up early
tomorrow I just want to let you know
just in case you missed it episode 3 of
Ally's new series drunk gaming is now
online as chosen by you Mario Kart like
I said don't drink and drive
don't drink and drive unless you're
playing Mario Kart the safety of your
own home like these two weirdos so click
it check it out give them some more
video game ideas I will see you guys
tomorrow it's gonna be a long day
prepare for it moving time goodbye
Tallahassee you were good to us that was
so corny does it matter
goodnight
giddy with tripping
don't forget
