so are we lost lost no no we're lost no
weight loss we're lost
we're lost we are running errands and
we're trying to find large boxes
officially made two wrong turns and it's
pride 20 feet to my left in here what
what so we get some vitamin E good be a
man be a man that might be better there
we go
good job now I have to think of all
these alright last time we'll see this
p.o box sad times
are you just saying what I'm saying yeah
there's that alien noise again you're
the worst driver
please don't do this
I do realize yeah
you're gonna get us in trouble there's a
horn on it
this thing has been out of focus the
whole time pop you know getting cleaning
supplies do that how'd you get your hair
so high on your head
magic totally high jacket gonna be mine
I hate packing I hate packing yes I do
yes I do
packing really sucks ass but I got some
coffee so it'll do
and we'll move I don't think that last
part rhymes hey Zach this is from the
Easter Bunny video write epic taping
genome taping master as I speak
hey man because we have to save on
gasoline I have to ship you guys
separately who wants to be in this box
come on Zoey I got a ship you come on we
gotta go the post office Oh chip you
don't worry okay oh there we go
okay stay right there only hey don't
worry I'm gonna put tracking so you guys
will be okay okay okay be good be good
here hold on I'll give you your kitty
cat here's your kitty cat so be good and
don't bite the postman okay just kidding
I'm just please don't shoot me to Kuwait
what's going
it's like when I mail just meld myself
to Spain mm-hmm okay sit okay let's go
okay Zoey where we gonna go okay bye
disaster area it's so bad
I'll save you I'll save you I'll save
you from myself sorry
oh my gosh there's a lot of stuff Oh
what happened
we have broken glass in our apartment is
randomly what do you have Christmas
lights here you're a hoarder you're a
hoarder
you don't keep Christmas lights out all
here you're a hoarder right right god
no Karen oh that's a lovely face that's
a thumbnail I should make that thumbnail
I think we know we had all this stuff oh
my gosh is that a frisbee is that
paintball stuff random look at the Zoe's
head she's resting it on the box you
want to go back in the box
did you like the box wow these are
actually from when you shot me with a
paintball gun like three years ago to
crash those are probably really bad if I
smell
we keep uncovering like all these old
props and things like that it's really
kind of find out there's the mask
remember when I got shot if you missed
that video it's on the Charles review
channel too Wow
so many memories
I'm just finding excuses to use this
camera now I think you have crazy hair
this is going to be a very long process
is that Marlee I should see more like
these eyes I'm just like is that Marlee
Harding you scared or something what's
your problem so this is kind of one of
the last few walkthroughs of this place
I think this is completely clean out
fucked wow this is uh pretty empty gotta
do that that's what I was thinking we
had the reinforces like quadruple times
different yeah let's do that one
separately everyone's just watching her
this is kind of interesting you guys are
gonna watch the packing process Oh
what'd I just do the camera is this in
focus my focus
can you tell we like video games which
by the way drunk gaming episode 3 will
run alleys channel I'll remind you that
we asked after this video Zoe you gotta
leave this thing alone dude I know it's
your favourite toy in the world
alright we're making some progress
making progress let's see it was check
it out we're trying to consolidate
everything this is awesome we're trying
to make them all of these giant boxes so
our movers like us we're getting there
we are getting there little by little I
think let's check out the we gotta check
out this you guys like this it feels
like when we left Tampa remember that oh
man look at the closet Wow it's not
gonna be able to get out of here my fat
ass on it try
sixteen out of huge range of boxes but
right now we're at going to do an early
celebration is his birthday and
unfortunately it's a day we move so
we're celebrating early so we're just
kind of I've exhausted all that moving
yeah do you want to hear someone queue
at we were moving all the boxes and Ali
goes do you think the Dewar is gonna
collapse already guys well it's about
one o'clock now so I feel feel like it's
time to head the bed oh yes
so yesterday everyone was asking me
about the whole Jim Carrey movie that
watch yesterday I recommend it it's a
little weird if you expect that a
centerra part three definitely not but I
would definitely recommend I love you
Philip Morris it was pretty cool tonight
I'm actually I went and picked up this
movie I don't know if you guys have seen
it or not The Green Hornet so hopefully
that's pretty good let me know if you
guys like that one Seth Rogen gotta love
them before I pop this in I gotta do
some final tweaks on drunk gaming
episode 3 which is online right now so
there'll be a reminder after this is
actually the video game that wit they
played is one of the most probably
popular game for everyone who's not a
gamer like a non gamer gamer you're you
probably played this game in loved it so
I'm gonna go finish that then watch that
movie and then go to bed and then start
this all over almost almost time to move
we're doing good all right Marlee yeah
you've been sitting there all day you
too Zoe all right guys I'll see you
tomorrow good night hey everyone it is
Wednesday and that means another
SuperDuper awesome gnarly tacular
episode of drunk gaming episode 3 is a
doozy
this one again chosen by you guys is for
the casual gamers in the hardcore gamers
I give you Mario Kart I bet you
everyone's ears just perked up Fi
everyone's favorite game ever go check
it out you can click right here and go
to Ali's channel youtube.com slash Ally
go show her some love and give her some
more video game ideas I hear there's
some pretty cool games coming out soon
and don't forget every Wednesday will be
a new episode of drunk gaming so I will
see you guys later enjoy the extra video
for today good night
yes
with trippy
Nellie
