we're here with Shayna and Matt and Matt
is gonna let us try out these cars
they're made by practice at least a 70
mile-per-hour one that one is over there
Jane not you that is so cool I'm kind of
blown away your driving feels right are
you mister no you're doing great Jana
definitely did that on purpose
blew that so I have an idea guys this is
up to Matt we want to partner up with
practice and the idea is to paint one of
these that look like a squirrel and one
to look like a lizard
so a 1 bar like you chase and then be
high these look good James so if you
guys think that's a good idea
tell me in the comments and we'll those
with tractors on that Square and the
meantime go check them out go away
oh man oh come
we should make a rampant at this board
oh I like your ideas man we're going to
build a ramp in the mills parking lot
why not that I can you turn it to good
luck there we go oh my god I'm afraid
there you go and maybe here's the bill
that didn't have policies yes to the pro
there you go Oh pat it suck it and then
if you give it the brake at the top of
the ramp it'll do a front-flip
oh good again I'm gonna lay down here
you got this excited kidding there you
go you know I'm looking at ya Darwin up
you got this babe go with him oh you
both did it have you guys ever tried
racing the car
oh yeah I run a mile an hour 1 PT 4
grand
really I'll definitely pay for that
we're going to keep that one away from
me though now you're getting good at
this now that you what's called skill
they're like that
now we're going to end it we're gonna do
a double jump and it's so good and
that's the way we'll end this little
little montage so I gotta say thank you
again to Matt and Traxxas so basically
tra XX ASU to calm yes youtube.com
youtube.com forward slash tracker active
there's your hat that's how you that's
how you spell it
my love for these is like just below my
love for puppies this is a lot well
you'll probably see some of these more
in the vlogs have a problem what do I
have the need for speed are you so blame
so after that playing around alleys
obsess about an hour we're going to do
an interview and then walk around did
kind of think I think I'm going to draw
air drop some photos of Helicarrier
that might be fun too I'm gonna do it
like witchcraft I'm sorry I had to come
over here
I always be Tim like this is the process
design I really like that's all I do if
I see Tim over here just playing with
bubbles and this is fun though Jeff
Italia first Ally
look at this Diane Johnson family versa
trophy family you like it hot in the
comments guys who's gonna win yes okay
we're gonna find out what I have to
first thing you are what is gonna be
your first move
all right here feel like nervous yeah
like now it could be like this is a mind
game right don't you love that we get
stuck doing that and yeah
pokerface over here man good one that's
a good one usually people all right here
as long as you have a person I was a
poker face for that John oh okay fiasco
so far okay oh wow am I gonna give it to
him what he's doing
see we're done I like it I'm pretty
positive I know I was like what are you
that big is like our home I know this
look like up honey your plan is a little
sour there but I'm not going to judge
you their ball head
I'm sorry old man but this game was not
yours
like this game uh he didn't pick up on
the fact that our opposing team won it's
our what's your next move okay this is
what happens is that I take you far
ahead and I'm not focused on the game
what am I going to do two steps morale
I'm not realizing that one step there
he's going to get it perfect success
talk I mean you totally just suck it up
come on car I was hoping you would
uh-oh time to go to the creator thing
now like every time around 6 or 7 they
open up the convention for everybody
every fighting so everyone could just
walk around Alec and Phil you can go
play with something in actually about
like picturing something yeah playing
with that but yeah you know I have to
hang out with Kevin sees give me your
breasts grew impression yeah you would
all the time I can't believe five I
guess you'll into middle to do boy says
early food to do it like can't cable me
on the spot okay you're out of the spy
cameras all over the car off return the
camera was off I just turned it off I'm
just gently holding it could some more
comfortable to say I need the group grew
so it is a whole new world lucky the
whole new world right now remembers
going to walk around checking things out
no I think you can actually do it
Oh
mr. rocketjump himself I'm going to live
my dream right now
ah
Oh how's that oh wait let me see this
oh you didn't get away unscathed up how
long for something workers now oh you
got okay
all right I'd all pretty expected rain
from Orlando and I never got to do that
it was worth it
oh look I got another fidget spinner I
couldn't tell you guys how many spinners
I've gotten from this position alone
cool you trust me
what do I think except going
Ryoga I'm your lady truth
little one okay
yeah yeah I know I know eyes are watery
no no sorry all right
are you gonna go bye oh no there's no
pausing okay I'm hoping to shut up
it's still popping my mouth big white
chocolate
oh honey you look so flattering I'm 21
okay what a cool idea
oh my gummy bears like you should get
gummy bears because of how much you want
like Ally how many days
pretty much all of them oh he's got a
leather jacket she says she's cool is he
ready to go
she's hit the booth between moving
through the hair is flying as if she did
her own music video
his other interface the monkeys are
flying everywhere but she's not being
one bit guys it has some kind of games
like it come on three two one and stop
Amanda hell you're so cocky don't care
how many is in there
he's got 35 that's the new high score of
the night welcome to in congratulating I
got a surprise for you became she's got
the Berkman he's got the next one his
three one she still have to throw he's
got three the one for the win here you
come what's gonna happen you got for
your dollars I didn't get Basha winner
as he moves around and happiness and fun
oh boy we're hanging out at the SBA I
just want to show you something if you
have not gotten your hat yet you might
want to go get them apparently they're
selling out like crazy that's all we
have left
they're almost gone so it looks like we
have to make some more going to have to
make some more which is always good
don't worry we'll put them on the
website sir mrs. fly box there you go
you live on the Internet
right up you like it you like it you
like it I don't know I met him on the
Internet on my sister my sister and I
have the night away we like the cheetah
can explore by the way day 2 of it John
and it is starting to catch up to me now
let me let me take them if you want to
know why you're losing your beautiful
voice my voice are clearly gone day two
of VidCon has officially ended and we
were just at the studio 71 kind of crazy
great I mean when I say crazy it's an
understatement is a crazy crazy crazy
party and there was hundreds maybe
thousands of people there it's amazing
but we're gonna go to bed now thank you
guys so much for watching if you have
any please do not forget to hit that
subscribe button and so goodnight he's
not gonna lose his voice hike
