are you afraid of the dark
hey good morning everyone so I'm trying
really hard to get the thumbnail for
yesterday and trying to get that all
uploaded but if you didn't know we
uploaded our year 2 montage to the CTFxC
channel and every time I look over
there's like you know more comments so
I've been trying to respond to yeah see
more just pops right up been trying to
respond to as many as possible because
it's really interesting to see where you
guys you know join the CTFxC when you
guys started watching honestly I
remember filming year one year one
seemed like a long time you know what I
mean it was definitely a long time ago
but it felt long year too just like flew
by like I honestly remember sitting in
this chair in this office doing the
exact same thing you know getting a
thumbnail and uploading the year 1
montage like it feels like yesterday but
obviously it was 366 days ago it's it
what's really nice is because you know
like I wasn't doing this the you know
time would fly by and I wouldn't have
these memories but because we've been
filming and you know sharing with you
guys you guys could remind me a lot of
things I was actually really kind of
cute because somebody was like hey when
did this you know clip admob minute
marker blah blah blah happen and I'm
like honestly I have no idea and then
right after that there was another
response that was like it was day you
know 472 and I was like oh you guys are
really really good I don't want to like
be mushy and gushy and bushy and bushy
it's been an amazing amazing two years I
have I had no idea this little tiny
little project would turn into you know
what it has I had no idea the bet that
started my entire YouTube thing would
turn into this amazing adventure all
these memories and not only that Ali and
I have but you know we get to share with
you guys so thank you that's it it's all
I'm gonna say just just thank you
well well on campus again maybe got a
lime I said that was the last time I was
gonna be here forgot I had to turn this
crap back in the empty apartment veered
hello all of my suspicions regarding the
color of my tassel were confirmed were
correct I have to say breaking news I
asked the woman I'm it's not she's not a
tassel expert I understand that working
the robes if my tassel wasn't back the
correct color I sat down next to my
friend at graduation who in fact
graduated with the exact same degree
that I graduated with and her tussle
with a gold tassel man with white this
just in Aly now has a history major
right okay so that's what I was getting
to is that I find it hilarious that the
tassel that I walked with that he
photographed me with and that he filmed
me with was the tassel which corresponds
to a degree which number one I would
never go for a university not me
personally our history is fabulously
important history is in fact right
Photoshop them gold so the second fun
thing is that the grade the my lowest
grade of my entire academic
undergraduate career at Florida State
University was in fact in a history
class was the only history class that I
explicitly decided to take that wasn't
like required there it's gold really
crapoly done piece of rope no but it's
cool I wanted that you want to know why
it's cheesy reason I wanted the gold one
I knew I wasn't if you want to hang it
from your rear-view mirror you know the
framing allows you to hang your tassel
next to your diploma that alters your
garnet and gold
why are you hiding oh that makes sense
as a little freaky the careful alleys
got a drill that's good do you honestly
remember the torment and arguments that
we've gone through with this stupid
thing and those stupid things do you
remember that I think we filmed it
obviously it's not gonna fall that did I
got it I got it
I'm a man I got it do it I'm telling
y'all I won't edit this video I need
your help I won't do it alright Charles
head of the perfect shape to make the
perfect look of your hair
pop oh your head is perfectly like shape
for that I don't know my hand in your
head were made for each one of the three
metaphor you trim it with scissors yeah
that's what am I gonna trim it with a
pencil I got it got it yes perfect did
you have coffee or sugar what did you
have today anyway every time I'm editing
right now I'm editing episode three of
drunk gaming for Ally and not gonna see
what that is what game it is until
Wednesday on Ally's channel but I'm
editing and every time I edit Marlee
always comes and lays right here by my
feet but she always puts her head right
on the subwoofer because she
the vibrations so this one's for you
Mari let's scare you
sorry Marley you're not a snap case fan
here I'll do something better for you is
that more appropriate for you do you
like the mellow stuff you like the
mellow not the hardcore that's what
you're supposed to do Zooey yeah you see
snakes you destroy them and you protect
me oh no it's coming for your head
destroy it Zoe destroy it stupid snakes
yes now if you do this you know what's
coming I'm not
you through this nice thing yes honey
I'm a real boomerang let's do in here Oh
how's the boomerang this Australian is
shaped like a boomerang it's a boomerang
showing you that I have two other people
in the cars my car has three frenzy
boats which is badass and everybody
wishes their car there's my last few
days I'm gonna be able to get a lunch
with these lovely ladies which is
extremely fast well looking else I just
found all right you guys remember the
roflcopter video when we attached this I
actually saved the paper even says on
the back
roflcopter 823 2009 okay I priced you
throw this away otherwise that wouldn't
be considered a hoarder holy crap
remember this when I got these back in
the day I think this is actually the the
glasses I'm wearing and the CTFxC thumb
now dang okay guys you ready to move
yeah you guys gonna like the new place
you have no idea what I'm saying you
just like the inflections in my voice
for everybody you remember him the very
first video ever done together was with
this guy you just kissed this Fang Fang
loose - no that was like two or three
years ago not very well
it comes up here like come out oh if you
never saw that video those that was like
a long 2009 I'll put I'll put a link
right here on the screen I guess or if I
forgot to do that I'll put it in the
video description
holy crap it's from our road trip in
2009 the Niagara Falls thing that's
funny
want to eat them you can eat them let's
do an epic one this is called the atomic
dandelion surprise look at all the ants
on these it's this is gonna be the
greatest blow of all time
like an awesome no pollinate with your
flat semen this this so eloquent to my
options copy
it's a favorite toy ever
yeah just be patient just be patient
it'll come back down around be hope
there does that see just watch your head
greatest greatest invention ever the
wheel no screw the wheel the laser
pointer that has an automatic mirror
this is like the only light we have in
this entire room hey everyone are you
having a great night or day or mornings
it's just my eyes okay hey Zoe live all
the dust coming off of this thing just
like a lack of ding dong it's better
that way if you get more detail I'm
gonna go to bed guys it's late thank you
for being so the next couple days
obviously I'm gonna be packing because I
mean I feel we've been doing this for
over twelve or thirteen hours and I mean
like we want to see something look at
the office play that
that's pretty empty here's the closet
all we have is the t-shirts which we
gonna move but I am the next couple days
are gonna be crazy because we leave on
Thursday Oh before I forget I wanted to
tell you really quick I just found out
from YouTube they told me there was a
glitch for those people that were under
the age of 18 it was saying like you
know the following video is not
appropriate for you know people under 18
those vlogs are fixed the glitch is
removed YouTube fixed it past like the
Easter poop the gamer girl a bunch of
other ones like they're all they all
live so if you're like we're having
those issues you can go watch them so
thank you YouTube that was awesome that
you you know fixed it so quickly they
basically worked through the weekend so
kudos who says they don't listen they
listen are you ready for bed you ready
for bed
so yeah I'm gonna go to bed I'm gonna
watch the movie I think it's called what
was it called I love you Philip Morris
we're gonna watch that movie so
hopefully that's good I will see you
tomorrow if you missed our two-year
montage video I have a link at the end I
will see you tomorrow good night good
luck and I will sleep tight don't let
the bedbugs bite yeah that's really kind
of a gross kind of that's scary bedbugs
aha they say don't sleep there snakes
that's like there been anything really
in Brazil
don't sleep guys there are snakes as
promised like I was saying if you missed
our two-year anniversary montage
spectacular you can click right here
check it out tell us your favorite
favorite moment of your - of the CTFxC
thank you guys so much for your love
your support and your 3 is its it
started good night
with trippy
with cherry
