okay so this is right okay let me
preface this I have a graduation present
from Donna here it was all pretty and
wrapped up on the table when we left the
house last night and then we came home
and it looks like this so I'll give you
two guesses as to why it looks like that
I don't think that did it I don't think
she got so mad that she decided to rip
up the whole thing
it was Riley so now I'm gonna open it oh
my god that's so pretty
no way no way that's a knife yeah oh my
god that is so tight let me look at this
it's a little charm
it's scissors and I mix when they
actually play uh-huh
oh my god they totally do work they just
cut the paper they're so cute there's
too much light behind you yeah
what if I was like back up so I was
trying to figure out how to cut this
little thing off and I remembered that I
have scissors here Mari come here
see where honey's getting freaked out
she's pulling at it you got your hair
see this is a natural amount okay I
think they got bored with you a movie
from a cab okay now we're cool you're
like I'm so glad there was somebody that
we know you happy now my thank God I
know who that is a contortionist that's
pretty impressive
I forgot that announced at the beginning
of the video today marks year three
trace for Spanish speakers out there how
you say the time okay I was very obvious
and I apologize I should have known that
Don look at that so starting on year
three
yeah what about Deutz alright okay we'll
see you're learning something here on
your three deliciousness
it's my favorite place oh my gosh those
are the ghost peppers that's like the
hottest pepper in the world not want to
try I think I always go overboard on the
sauces when I come here this is yes as
me yeah deliciousness so this is the
world's hottest pepper this is the ghost
pepper so I had to put it in a little
safety container
I'm gonna try it later I'm gonna do it
after I eat so I don't ruin my food they
wouldn't just have it out there that was
like really super dangerous I'm gonna
try a dad
yeah I'm a drop a dollar it looks great
of it well you should be no it's not bad
no okay that's a little ballsy that's a
lot more oh wow
I made me the same crap we did Ali dad
comes back whoo
Oliver sweating I feel like red all over
are you tearing up it was not so bad
it's just pretty intense that's that
little bit you can go all over
Anthony yeah I felt it after I can feel
the team
I can feel it she's a she's a champion
wait no no no hon everyone in the
Internet can make fun of me I guess
that's a lot sure led to chocolate he
did I know I don't like the feelings
answers unless my throat right oh my god
no I just a tiny drop that is extremely
hot oh my God my whole you and I are
babies and Doc devs the champion
apparently I mean yeah really
oh man my it's spreading through my
tongue and it just touched the bottom
it's like it's like radio I felt it up
here in my head so the guy took my food
with my jalapenos and I forgot to cover
this again so I just took am I kidding
when I do this I did this like I usually
do and I just ate it and then like a
minute later I'm like that's a lot
harder than I remember it
yeah you're a Dingle I really don't feel
good at all like feel my head feel my
forehead
it's like sweating oh honey beverage is
a gift
this is awful I feel nauseous yep it's
May 1st so that means a bit we are
starting the packing process does that
look weird without that up there and
that up there designer tips from Ali
five days six days do I start packing up
here your little octopus and stuff it's
gonna be exciting the new place is gonna
be awesome
this is calm Anna when was this I think
it's like 2008 there's an old school
photo punch it Oh Zoey oh wow oh are you
on the couch
since we already closed the peel box we
were just trying to like you know clear
it all out and stuff this is from Aaron
it's basically one of those things where
you put your you know your cooking
utensil when you're cooking so doesn't
go all over the stove and then check
this out isn't that awesome that is so
cool
and what Aaron yeah so thank you Aaron
and then check this out dude I think
this is from Casey I don't dare do this
until we get the living room cleaned up
a little bit but it's an automatic laser
I was actually thinking that somebody
should invent something like that but
you know go figure somebody ready did I
don't know if you guys can hear ready
echo echo you guys hear the bouncing
it's really weird we're waiting for the
president to speak and then this keeps
popping up so this is this is kind of
intense you know really kind of intense
it's just like all of a sudden as
as what CNN say this is very unusual for
a Sunday night if you were watching CNN
how many times as they say unusual
Sunday night dramatic and 10:30 p.m.
it's kind of weird
it's kind of like one of those like
surreal things you're gonna be your new
favorite toy I promise you it's such a
good invention mother's going after the
box it actually moves around a lot
you're blinded Wow that is insane how
many people are out there that's crazy
cheerleaders just popped up those little
dudes in the tree and to the world the
United States has conducted an operation
that killed Osama bin Laden a terrorist
who's responsible for the murder of
thousands that is crazy women and
children that is insane like 93 in
Shanksville this is really surreal like
do you remember watching when 9/11
happened and they I like obviously
before that I had no idea who this guy
was and I like 10 years later they found
him thanks Osama for signing out for
Foursquare it kind of helped us so yeah
that's crazy
for everyone who you know remembers
where they were ten years ago
it's kind of a kind of baffling to watch
this now so that's really good news but
the thing is it's kind of scary at the
same time because you know something
like this happens there's obviously god
forbid doesn't actually happen but the
retaliation you know people are getting
pissed off you know his supporters and
things like that so it's it's kind of
scary to think what what you know could
be in the future as a result of this
hopefully nothing you know hopefully
nothing hopefully you know
you know troops come home and things
like that you know glad I actually have
a lot of friends that are in the troops
Iturbi this is phenomenal
but at the same time it's frightening me
basically kind of just open the
floodgates you don't mean so yeah what
do you guys thoughts right now let's
have an open discussion no no
Republicans no Democrats no green
parties no Donald Trump's we're all one
right now it's kind of cool too cuz you
know like that's what Obama said you
know like you know remember that unity
everybody had and you know obviously
we've all lost that we've all gone
separate ways to work parties and our
beliefs and things like that but you
know what something like this happens
where an entire country nay not country
but world can come together like this
it's pretty fascinating
okay so watch him watch how he just
walks off he's just like that's right oh
they cut it off hey guys um so I just I
just had to let you guys know since I've
been pretty honest and I hate to say
really abruptly just like sincere and
and kind of unguarded for the past 48
hours I just have to say you know we're
going through them and we're going
through some really tough things and I
was seriously debating whether or not it
would be a good idea to post what I
recorded last night online because you
know like I know online there are trolls
and people say horrible things and I
didn't want to be disrespectful in any
way to my friend's family so I thought
really hard about whether or not I
wanted to post that and today I told
myself I wasn't gonna read the comments
but I went through when I read some
things and I'm just I'm blown away by
how nice you guys are and how supportive
you are and how many of you are saying
that you're praying for my friends
family it honestly it just completely
completely revived the little faith that
I had in like YouTube comments
it's amazing so thank you guys very much
I just wanted to say thank you and I
also wanted to say loss is not something
that any one person deals with on their
own so many people have gone through
losses and of their friends and family
and it's a horrible thing and to
everybody out there who was commenting
that they've lost a friend or family
member I'm so sorry my heart goes out to
you take care of yourself and thank you
so much for honestly cementing the
awesomeness of this community you guys
are like you're like my family and
friends so you know it really resonates
with us when you guys say things like
that it's it's extremely I think it's
extremely rare this relationship that we
have with you guys and I really cherish
that so thank you so much for being
honest with us and for you know spilling
your heart and sharing your thoughts and
we love you that's it
good night hey guys so thank you again
for being so freaking awesome in support
of last couple days but I just wanted to
say today marks year three of the CTFxC
and we have a special you know year
montage from last year as created by you
guys I combined a bunch of montage
videos and clips that you guys made and
combined it to a three and a half four
minute video trust me it was almost
impossible to come by over 365 days in 2
3 or 4 minutes so click here go check it
out let us know what your favorite day
of last year was and get ready for your
3 guys it's gonna be exciting
thank you guys so much for the memories
so far and let's make some more all
right guys click here check it out good
night we'll see you tomorrow
with tripping
you
