oh yeah it's like the chariot I thing
when you tie with your tongue it's a
little bit it's a charge college this is
so fake faster this is that there's a
youtube video fooling around of this
girl putting a starburst wrapper in her
mouth and then pretending to move our
mouth around that her tongue around and
then she spits out a little Japanese
origami bird look like a crane oh this
is Sophie they pan the camera way
numerous times she could have easily
swapped it out absolutely there comes
here is here it is look at that okay oh
you are that's the second time you did
that it's a crane and you just do that
with your tongue that is your major hey
your teeth where did you learn how to do
that it's so fake and it cheats the
starburst that's not real it's a the
illusion oh so buddy you're on the radio
baby hang on since I think my mom
freaking out she took mah so so fobby so
i just finished exam one of two
tomorrow's my graduation and I have one
more cumulative exam I just drove
through campus and I have Sam glad that
I'm not living in a dorm because it is
it is terrible it's terrifying and
terrible there are cars lining every
sidewalk every street it's madness I had
two hour time slot for the last exam it
took me 15 minutes maybe that's not a
good thing that is what the sky looks
like also in Tallahassee right now this
morning Zoe was not a happy puppy she's
terrified of lightning and thunder and
she was just like buried under the
sheets and
it was so pitiful she was shaking like
just completely lost our marbles holy
crap today just keeps getting better and
better the one thing that I've always
always wanted youtube to be able to do
is schedule uploads I can upload it at
four in the morning but it won't go
publish until one or four I've like
express this at like you know meetings a
put a ton of people have done it and
guess what today my eyes are like this
because I'm gonna just pan over here
just look at this schedule uploads now
like if I'm traveling I can upload a
video at any time and I have an
uploading a schedule and now I'm so good
hey I just got a great idea we should
make a video and we can schedule it for
like ten years from now like do like a
modern time like modern time capsule a
modern time time capsule and then just
say what we're doing in our life for
example you're doing merch no but I mean
would that be kind of cool and then 10
years from now it goes live and likely
what is this is so cool we should
totally do that today maybe that 10
years from now maybe like three years
from now or something so we're moving i
guess we're moving in a week holy crap
we have to pack this entire apartment in
a week this would be interesting
internet land you might know this it do
we get uh I think Florida has bright
house or verizon fios does anyone know
which one's better I just want to be
able upload videos to you guys quicker
really hold music
oh you dancin yeah you like being super
annoying today five hours later i have
probably seventy percent of our dresses
switched i want you to make a select all
copy and paste button for life wouldn't
that be amazing but the moment you've
all been waiting for getting a haircut a
haircut drivin ali graduates tomorrow so
your brother dot have and your parents
are coming up and oh yeah by the way
okay so the magic tongue you know when
to have did the starburst wrapper you
know made the crane the paper crane
apparently was that you all you heard it
this morning was on the radio show it's
been on tosh it's been on some finished
website so i realized i realized that i
can't s CBS news i realized i panned so
much so when she comes up maybe we'll do
a straight on I won't pan the camera at
all type of thing let's get it funny
that was so random like we're just at
justins house and we're just like oh
that was pretty cool let's film it Hey
look yeah not gonna laugh and roll last
time we're gonna see her oh that's so
bad she'll come hang out with us right
Oh bad things all around I feel like
this is only last a week so it's like go
shorter yeah if only stick around let's
do the back wait I can do it
looks pretty nice yeah I'm here we're
over there okay where we parked over
there so I'm doing that I can't stop it
hit it one time okay it's like finding
hair in the most random spots yeah we
look here all uh but like right back Oh
in your ear yes I said you bet that is
so awesome I know it's just the vellum
she's a bomb diggy never screwed up my
hair like I want them genex oh good good
good internet get ready to say bye to
Tallahassee guys alas the countdown has
begun up a pause Zoe happy the countdown
has begun we have I think about seven
days left we've been filming until it
has been living in Tallahassee for a
majority of the vlogs so it's been kind
of like you know your guys's virtual
home away from home it's gonna be kind
of it's gonna be bittersweet it's time
to go on to the next stage of life you
know the next chapter the third year
we're to start the third year of daily
videos i was at Sunday or Monday May
first was you know change comes new
opportunities and new adventures and new
people that you meet and things new like
I don't know knew everything what will
happen in here three of the CTFxC don't
you want to see what happens in year
three cuz it's going to be exciting you
might have to pee
and then I'll write my last name with
the G and will flee Tallahassee ah yes I
made it work oh I also was gonna say oh
hi sorry he wants us off you want this
off so you guys remember at the end of
year one where we kind of like had like
a best of like a montage moment at the
beginning of year too but for all the
best moments of you had one last year
there was so many it was really hard to
choose there's a bunch of them I'll just
upload several either to the CTFxC
channel or you know the trippy channel
something so that way more people get
featured if you guys want to make like a
montage moment of your favorite moments
of two thousand not two thousand year
too I guess that would be 2010 / 11
right only thing I would recommend try
to use royalty free music you know you
came just Google royalty free music if
you know of a band and they gave you
permission totally use that because if
you know if we use copper and stuff we
can't upload and I can't share your
awesome work I'm really looking forward
to seeing some montage moments you know
cuz it's really funny because when you
film every single day you forget how
much footage and how many things might
not stand out to you but you know they
might stand out to you know one of you
guys when you're 3 comes i'll upload a
bunch of them I think that'd be kind of
cool i'll give you guys credit for you
know you're awesome awesome work let's
do some guidelines may be no copyright
music and obviously no copy written like
photos or video or anything like that
make sure it's like all CTFxC stuff and
I don't know maybe keep it under 10
minutes that seems like a fair kind of
thing so yeah if you want to make one
does that apply it to me on Twitter or
I'll tell you I can email you looking
forward to it Mar Heiser a wedding going
on or something is there just there's
some sort of wedding going on some sort
of famous some royal wedding I don't
know I I wouldn't know I haven't been
watching the news for 48 hours friggin
princess I want to watch it you have
realty it's cold I now understand why
it's such a
but I'm not sure cause it was kind of
crazy how much coverage is it's like
this has been looping on for like 48
hours now I feel like Homer Simpson must
kill Med wing it's in there what is
there something there for you that's
spinach you don't like spinach think up
barleys looking for the turkey Marley
you are a turkey your turkeys you bunch
of turkeys oh yeah I know you're not
burning up from lava you are you're on
fire Zoe lava remember it's lava you
can't have to be behind the line
otherwise did she just hit you in the
head again Oh Harley is so sad looking
like she's always hit him in the head 0
0 will freeze your Charles is jealous
but I always playin you always get to
play video games I want to play video
games like that so it's our turn now
we're gonna play I'm gonna show you my
skills this is why I'm not co-hosting
drunk games with her cuz she knows
kicker but awareness over the last time
I played any mortal kombat was like when
they weren't speaking to each other like
they do those pay attention all right
I'm sub-zero more commentary more
commentary boring oh you can still 20
and I will grind it it's like it's like
a nice talking yeah oh snap in your face
Hey look at this food like it's like
it's like a nut ground what is this it's
a kick in the balls right there and that
kick in the balls take them off you're
like you're like a seminal there's my an
Indian be stuck Oh beep beep beep beep
beep it's a pin yes
okay what where's my upper cut camerata
places where that ain't touching that
thing either that's like fooling that
was back back back toward back Beckham
using me confusing I know I know you
don't know you see can't do a fatality
Oh No okay pause it quick my favorite
bands I've got you wet i never my
graduations oh you're just unleashed
Oprah watch out cuz in the heads out
back forward down for be back for down
four feet oh my god oh my god oh I take
it back to a fix how you know there's a
little bit harder than mortal kombat to
God I got Oh what's gonna happen yeah Oh
yummy you'll need your torso now you
don't need that yes that's wholehearted
next bed early does hard expand identity
nice look for the game oh god oh my oh
oh total it's pork on a coral Coral
I should probably put a disclaimer on
today's vlog it might have wait what is
this related today's vlog is rated M for
Mature which is kind of ambiguous I mean
if you're gonna be a mature like 12 year
old I think or an eight year old that's
mature there will be an immature 26 year
old that was really cool awesome
although i do feel this guy's the
predator rip-off is totally I'm wearing
my hair tomorrow excited you graduate
yes mt- how many hours I just wanted to
say thanks for letting me graduate
that's a week in of hollywood go that's
all you have to just put it eating get
to eat it eat it eat it mop put it in
your mouth you didn't even eat it eat it
it's gross just tastes like a bouillon
cube yeah that's anything all right I
feel like a baby good i am pretty big
saying that i feel like a giant baby now
was a giant 26 year old baby I think
she's happy to see you I'm sacrificing
stepping in lava for you what's your
favorite part about graduation no bad
what's your favorite food how long was
the drive here
Oh again Oh tear it there she's gonna
jump off though up to jump Oh try to
kill you I'm out you looking at okay
jeez
it's coming over you are
you
hey where's the eff gee
giddy with y'all trippin
with trust raphy an alley
you
