so Charles is completely failing right
now with a stick he keeps throwing it in
and it keeps sinking and he still keeps
throwing it in it still keeps sinking
and it just makes no sense where's your
phone where's your phone how does that
feel your new pajamas it's perfect
I was just camera or a waterproof
because I would jump in right now 3 2 1
get it get it though we finally found
something she actually goes after all
right teaching Marley how to catch a
ball
go in weirdo you could fly you could
jump off the roof how'd the parachute
they oh the squirrel things the squirrel
suits
I used to sleepy from yesterday it was
in yesterday I have to do this because
it was so freakin cute it was Marley
last night I gave her her own little
bone but she was so tired from the beach
she just sat there with it in her mouth
I'm gonna show you the clip again it was
in yesterday's vlog but it was so cute I
have to show it to you again
alright so watch this why are you just
holding your treat keeping it from Zoey
I so tired you can't even chew it that
is the only time in Marley's existence
that she's just held food in her mouth
and she never does that she'll eat it so
fast I had to show it to you guys twice
cool it was so cute
where he goes oh oh that's what she
thinks here flowers I apologize
so me being sexy in the booth like that
here's the party pooper good lay down
the pirate huh
she does need a pirate hat doesn't she
go lay down - like wait a minute oh my
god Marley really Yoda
hello Yoda
tell me you wanna go peepee come on side
come outside
let's go baby can i scope it bees it's
like a honey badger she's just crazy
that's name he's a frickin neg neg
pretty real though just wiggle it it
looks really real like when are you
going to hold it hey Elwood let's go
back back back back back back back back
back swing back are badly pepper back
seriously yes Shh back back back
Shh back back back
well we're gonna go
are you hiding from the Sun
new that looks like it's a little late
when girls pee quicker this place is
kind of freaky we just pulled off on a
random truck stop area and it's like you
know you're like nowhere land where it's
just like the McDonald's is like hidden
behind a bunch of creepy gas stations so
I don't want to get out of here each ant
is bringing out one piece of sand
digging a hole oh yeah you excited what
are you doing hey fishy fishy fishies
you're doing good there is a little
weird albino I see this every single
time every time we leave him we come
back home totally makes you appreciate
your house doesn't it Marlene and your
and your little throne ah the beautiful
thing about traveling and coming back
home is uh you know when you forget to
throw away food and then you come home
and it's nice and sticky and smelly and
I think there's like little trolls
growing in on it yeah so no food
something trying to get some food right
now but there was a reason why I turned
the camera on I can't remember what it
was
think churros think think Charles think
Oh duh the other day I was announcing
that we're thinking of calling the new
CTFxC shoo the assassins and a lot of
you guys came up with some even cooler
names so what I want to do before we
finalize the name we're gonna do like
some sort of voting process so that way
we come you know we can have the name
everyone or a majority of us we can't
make everyone happy but that we decide
on so if you have any ideas for you know
what we should call the Shu tell me in
the comments today and I'm gonna read
through them and then tomorrow I'll have
like a little voting system either on
our Facebook or on our website and
whichever wins what that'll be the name
we call the shoot so I figured that'd be
a really cool fair way to get everyone's
opinions you know tallied and tabulated
I think a couple of them were called the
CTF X you the TV kickers the assassins
they've been sending me like a little
likeyou know mock-ups and designs and
things like that and to be honest you
guys it's definitely a shoe I would
totally wear so it's really cool and
we're really trying to do the price
point to be really affordable so I mean
I'm getting pumped
I don't consider this like my shoe
because one you guys designed it and -
it's the CTFxC shoe so it's pretty much
you know it's community based and that's
that's even cooler than having like Air
Jordans or the big hurt or LeBron James
is going on an equally awesome note
getting a haircut tomorrow so say
goodbye to these gorgeous locks they're
going tomorrow I can't wait
it sucks my hair just naturally grows
like she's like slower in the front and
then long it back shortened from long if
I could I've got an ape tribe yes I do
they're giving them to everyone and that
means you you can drive the Riverside
and get one too and then you'll have an
ape trade like ah dude yeah alright
let's check out the damage from the love
bugs it's a massacre see the thing about
these things is that they have like this
is the same bug that was on my number at
the beach it landed on me it was like
two bugs it's got pretty much some sort
of like superhero type like blood and it
like just like II guess what you guys
are gonna get in car wash otherwise if I
don't those things are gonna eat through
the pain in my car and that'll be fun
alright let's see here car washing
let's begin
okay guys what do you want do we want
the ultimate the premium or the deluxe
but wouldn't the deluxe be better than
the premium
is that the creepiest thing please to
like wash by pressing one of them let's
just get the deluxe cuz we're gonna have
to with these love bugs we're just gonna
have to be here like in the next couple
days anyway
wait while your card is authorized yes
ma'am
I've always wanted to like just run
through there but that part kind of hurt
wouldn't it
wait I can't go yet tell me the way from
my oh no you piece of crap
well good thing I'm vlogging this
that'll be my receipt turn off radio and
okay roll up windows leave this is fun
okay let's do this we do drive in slow
and then what donk donk donk donk tada
don'tdon't that just keep driving oh who
got my car
Oh
I want to touch it at home please my mom
is watching this she's like shaking her
head I always want I always tried to do
that when I was little I would always
try to put the window down and try to
grab it but a stupidest thing you
possibly can do but it's going slow I
feel like I could do it came back excuse
me mister washing machine what is this
what is this I see I see love bug guts
still anyways coming back nope
yeah this is what you do at midnight
this is what you do it's actually not a
bad car wash with in Washington ow I
think it's done genuinely scared oh we
got to go through the ball I got to
drive drive yeah go through the blower's
I won't put the window down for this one
wait I'm supposed to wait for the
remaining thing right back up animal
reverse or a little bit look at it's
blowing everything
well that was fun let's check this baby
out
see what it did remember kids do not try
that at home I am what you call an idiot
well I don't see I think it did a pretty
good job there's a couple there's a
couple not too shabby
not too shabby indeed okay so remind me
on Twitter guys I'm totally bringing Ali
through that thing that time
come on let's go come on don't do the
dip dip dip dip dip dip dip do you do
crystals no you changed too yeah used to
be shithouse okay good good job good
night hey everyone just in case you
missed it episode of two of drunk gaming
was uploaded with portal 2 this episode
don't worry no spoilers or anything like
that so click here you can go check it
out it's on Ali's channel and there'll
be another one next Wednesday I'll see
you guys tomorrow good night
worse yet
with child trippy
with sharpie
over here
