dang Tesla Tessler that's sweet car
that's my car I just bought it
char's
and he doesn't believe me hi so you'd
like to get your hair cut is that
correct yes it's 5:15 on Thursday ok for
you yes fine
ok can I get your first and last name
please Charles that's why Charles sorry
did you say char's no Tarzan Choi you
say it every time when someone asks you
for your first and last name like for
any kind of business phone call you say
char's trippy do I really I think it's
just that you're used to saying it
really quickly but it's Charles Trippy
Charles Trippy Charles Trippy I I feel
like you're exaggerating this you have
selective hearing
damn it today oh come on you see it you
spot your rock she's trying to get this
one over here she's yeah there's one
right there she's keep sighing watch I'm
gonna step on like a crab it's gonna
touch my feet good waited is she rollin
in something she never rolls and stuff I
was just waiting to see if you notice
what's your right it's the star Oh
frisbee ready okay awesome
it's like your plane are you rolling and
stuff again hey mister ladybug yeah
what'd you guys find
oh it's a poor fish go away get away
from it stay away from the power lines
and know Charlie Brown it into the tree
when was the last time you flew a kite
8fi me too why does it have such a long
tail it's pretty wait ladybugs don't
even have tails Oh Charlie Brown it
you should put a key on it once try to
fly it in the in the rain ha ha you know
that isn't it's like a 1980s rapping
right there you gonna try to take your
shirt off and fly a kite
you got no see if your rock still there
yep oh so a lizard just scared me or I
should say a baby dinosaur just scared
me oh you guys laughs but just think
about it
they're basically dinosaurs they're
putting some perfume on okay that's
enough that's tough you're filthy see if
you could hit the plane let it go it's
kind of like deja vu it's crashing it's
crashing and it crashed she has no idea
there's a squirrel right there
this girl doesn't look very scared
I think it's playing with her she's
trying
this is the closest she's ever been to a
squirrel I think
marli I think it's gonna kick your butt
now they watch your head he's gonna jump
on your head
come on let's leave them alone see you
squirrel but I really really really
really want to play with him okay go get
a rock go get a boring rock I know those
there was a lot of excitement for you
she's looking at every tree now it's
doing it you know it's doing it on my
hand hey GIMP how you feeling one-armed
bandit Richard Kimble from the future
why are you just holding a tree keeping
it from Zoe I so tired you can't even
chew it maybe if you kiss him Ali he'll
turn into a prince
happy never stop Go Go froggy go
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo what is
that he also has episode 2 of drunk
gaming is now live I'll put a link at
the end of this video but they played
portal portal 2 so it's on Ali's YouTube
channel and I'll tell you guys you guys
will see it at the end of the video but
I just want to give you guys a little
heads up it's pretty funny hey we're
being recorded as we're recording you
look I think Ali is slowly losing her
mind
you ready for this one you ready I'm
ready you ready yeah I'm ready
bingo bingo bingo require skill no well
listening their listening skills intense
this is the last end of the video is
this intense bingo
that's the numbers but I feel like
everything did you get a check
I've been marked it looks like a
paintball well
I think she's cut off I think she's cut
off
Elvis come on you scared just like
Marley she did sorta drag a midnight
something pretty sure she was going
anywhere
but I could be wrong she was going
anywhere including Detroit
hey everyone that's Wednesday and that
means another episode of drunk gaming is
now live this week's episode is actually
chosen by you guys it was portal 2 so
click right here if you're lazy like
myself it'll take you directly to the
video or you can just you could type
youtube.com slash alie take you there
too yeah this week's episode is pretty
hilarious because these portal is
already a really tough game so click
here go check it out give me some more
video game suggestions so they have some
more games to play if you had a bad day
or even a good day I promise you it'll
bring a smile to your face so go check
it out show the love I will see you guys
tomorrow
good night
yes
with trippy
