good morning so how's your fever feel a
little bit better I just got off the
phone with a couple friends of mine they
had a hundred and three degree fever 101
degree fever and the other one had
another 100 degree figure it seems like
everybody in the world get like a fever
the same day it was like the mini plague
alleys it was 101 got up to 101 was it
yeah is that why you're just too you're
just too damn hot honey you're just too
damn high these two that helped you get
better quick very loyal puppies until I
say who wants to go swimming maybe not
it oh you're eating cereal your love
could be confused with hunger you ready
to jump you ready to jump hey ready go
good job Zoey go get it go get you a
little Bowl I'll eat your little ball
there it is
good job Marly
we totally guys you're watching this
little but when he runs Superman
Superdog Zoe are you avoiding a bath but
by remaining seated Oh Cobie don't you
go in that water again look at him he
wants to soak Kobe Kobe no Zoe
like I'm gonna just go ahead and go over
here also it's starting to thunder so I
can choose a little bit afraid oh she's
getting a big old fat tongue he's a big
version of Marlee okay wait well did you
guys have fun you're tired I've went up
you know we can't start summer off
without having Kobe diving underwater
it's just that he's he's falling asleep
but he's a little bit plumper right now
because during the winter he can't swim
and then during this during the summer
he gets like real skinny
so right now he just floats so that's
why he couldn't do too much diving but
we'll get him back to shape Plus this is
the first time I had to go pro so I
really wanted to hopefully it looked
good I hope it looked good it look good
we were just driving back and there was
a turtle in the road and people why I
don't understand like why people swerve
around Turtles it's not like it's like a
fast-moving thing just stop your car
pull over put your hazards on kindly go
outside lift up the turtle take him to
the other side of these pointing and let
him go like the poor guys gonna die I
just infuriates me when people don't
like save like turtles like just they're
so helpless on the road it's just help
them some people are scared of turtles
which is really funny if you're scared
of turtles I would probably make fun of
you if I ever met you
I mean being scared of a snake or a
spider that that's something that can
kill you well I guess you could get like
some sort of like but Salomon illa you
can get some Salomon Villa poisoning
holy mother and they're all right so
this is the installation of a new
subwoofer aka Zoey's favorite time she's
like so tired though she can't even do
it with a laser pointer ever because
that's what happened Zoey she loves it I
mean it seems cruel but she really is
having a good time same look at her tail
I know she sees it on the wall or now a
feeling she's alive she's alive I have
to wear this hat because you guys keep
making fun of my hair so now I have to
wear this thing
now you guys making fun of my hat they
say I need a haircut
should I grow it out I'm thinking about
growing it up doing the law it started
bread it was actually your color shirt
and then it fades I will do it though
maybe you know what maybe once me what's
the CTFxC gets a million subscribers I
will redo that ah tuna hi tuna
would you like hi tuna you wanna get a
walk about soup or things are Sally
bloomin onion basil I think we should
get one of these for our living room a
giant sideways that actually was a
functioning fan that would be the
coolest thing in the world there was
this place called the Monterey deli in
Sarasota and that big there was like a
like gigantic one and it would actually
work even next to your head it looks big
I'm not gonna stop talking like this now
there them Thanks
Snooki is our waitress
it was I was a little star-struck what
did you do Joe close the cocky and was
good to you was like less sugar tea too
much caffeine that's why I apologize
Internet I'm a little bit annoying right
now I should be okay where were you on
the night of don't know
hey little foxy foxy foxy he's pretty
screwing these tiny little Marley Marley
ears see a fox oh that's pretty
what are you doing you doing your paper
being all good getting your work done so
you feel better
the internet was really concerned who's
this hey look jump on our papers jump on
our papers oh look girls is coming here
what are you doing oh look it's a giant
do you think doctor could do that with
her teeth and tongue maybe a giant me
that was she staring at oh do we ever
show him this letter that I sent you
December 14 2005 we have showed him that
I used to of MySpace have like a little
contest and um she won for the new CT FX
series for the old ones they heard
another story and she won I used to be a
projectionists right so I would build
movies and this was King Kong this is
actually King Kong right here I don't
know if you can read it see it's the
title credits for King Kong I don't know
remember what the contest was I have no
idea what it was
order oh yeah whatever
Oh people whatever Ali won and so I
promised and I said I said everybody who
won a piece of film oh wait here's more
there's actual King Kong right there
King Kong's grumpy face then he gets mad
mad matter maddest mostest maddest yeah
are you supposed to be doing your
homework is that what you're supposed to
do supposed to beat brand-new shoes oh
oh my gosh speaking of shoes guys a lot
of people have been asking about the
CTFxC shoe yes I actually got off the
phone this morning with tweek so good
news if you didn't know we're making a
shoe actually you guys are designing a
shoe so I'll put a link in the sub bar
below to send me any more like ideas or
sketches or even name suggestions it's
on our Facebook this would be a little
tab but like I said the Lincoln's in the
sub bar so go there give us some more
suggestions I just kind of wanted to
give you guys a little heads up they
sent over some kind of like rough drafts
of what they have and I'm really I'm
really digging it because I told him I
wouldn't I don't want to make a shoe
that I wouldn't personally wear and this
is totally this is totally something you
guys would go like I just wanted to make
sure you guys knew that we're still
doing this we're still getting ideas
this is like the third or final phrase
things and we came up with a name we're
gonna call the shoes
the assassins you're like that they
assassins the CTFxC assassins internet
killed television assassins shoe so you
guys like that name did you guys come up
with a better name let me know in the
comments but I'm really digging that one
well yeah if you have any more ideas
we're really trying to keep the price
point very affordable for shoes so I'm
making sure I'm fighting hard you guys
so we're gonna make this really cool you
have any more ideas and suggestions
please click the link go check it out
and submit them and we can give this so
hopeful I'm hoping in the next couple
months or even less a couple weeks we'll
have you know some design ideas so I can
send them to you I'm getting pretty
stoked so just wanted to give you guys a
little update thank you for reminding me
try to do one of those little pointy
were you like this do this you dick come
on little ballerina you can look at that
you look way taller really hurt yeah
seems gonna walk like it
holy crap you're doing it you know
that's so weird faster like it's scurry
borays learning something new just like
I am peer pressure peer pressure do it
peer pressure that's dangerous this was
like at the tude at you that means that
French is that fringe or some mom is a
ballerina what happens when you don't
dance for like four years this baby ally
you make that you still make that face I
was at your childhood boyfriend right
there so I have to beat him up yeah I'll
have to beat him up I swear there's
probably about a million one stills and
photos of you making that same face yes
see yeah pretty much
are you serious oh you're that you were
that upset with obsessed with Pokemon or
super obsessed how do i only know
Pikachu hologram kangaskhan but I feel
like everybody probably had that jinx is
my favorite jinx miss hilarious so you
like what did she turn into Internet I
don't know this goldfish I don't know
maybe fish food
Hey what fuck
Charmander do you know what that is
charm millionaire that's your second
stage evolution 2/3 I don't know
charizard charizard was pickets you turn
into I don't know thank you wow she's
nerdier than I am I thought I was a nerd
yes
without trippin
theory
