are you hiding from the thunder and
lightning are you being a scaredy-cat
you're literally being a scaredy-cat
it's funny kitchen and Zoey both are
frightened of like lightning and thunder
it's like the only time they ever try to
hang out with each other yeah guys have
like a common common scare don't ya it's
kind of funny any other time you hate
each other anyway guys Happy Easter
I just watched Happy Easter and guess
who's sick
somebody's passed out with a fever she's
got a hundred and one hundred one
hundred and one hundred and six a
hundred six she'd be dead it was a
hundred point six so hopefully she feels
better and you feel okay because you see
that reflection over there it's a good
thought we do this the duck are you
gonna give him an eye right you gotta go
like this no let me suck at this
there better ask are you trying to make
you feel better by warming your feet is
that what you're doing it's actually
really adorable every time Allie or
myself we don't if we don't feel good
they never leave our side they they just
sit there and they just sit next to us
until we get up and feel better remember
where I left off yesterday's video where
I was going back after getting some
batteries and I got a coffee and what
time was it what the s it was like 2:30
in the morning yeah lesson learned
Charles in the future don't drink coffee
past midnight ever I was up until we
were we were filming until 4:00 in the
morning but I think I didn't get to bed
until 7:00 in the morning feel like it's
one of those things where like I can't
tell if I'm fully rested or exhausted
so I need more coffee it's like a
vicious circle caffeine is a vicious
circle it's so delicious
oh man look at that storm
q my rainy-day song if you have never
seen it click the annotation down there
and watch it yeah I made it when I was
having cabin fever during a rainy day
I'm heading over to my parents house
right now to go see that my dad actually
had surgery on Tuesday he's feeling a
lot better it was on his shoulder kind
of thing and I want to go over the
wedding stuff with since Ali's not
feeling good I thought I'd be helpful
fiance that I am most of the time and
try to get addresses for our family
members and things like that so she
doesn't have to worry about it oh my
gosh that person has to spider-man jumpy
thing I love how I get distracted so
easily yeah what a crappy day hope you
guys are trying to find Easter eggs in
this hey buddy
somebody's showing off for the internet
huh just want to show off and with
buggin Tyson Tyson's just sitting there
and why your beautiful mom hi dad let's
knock him down it's the fun Kobe you're
a little sausage a little Vienna sausage
now summer needs to come quicker so you
can start swimming again
crazy dog another rank or what show me
other under back ok I'm self-conscious
about that please don't show it to the
elder hey guys look his tongues too big
for his mouth on to the next thing okay
it's Easter and you know you can't you
can't celebrate Easter for those of you
who do celebrate you can't celebrate
Easter without coloring some eggs I
honestly still don't get it
I don't think anybody understands the
relationship between the Easter bunny a
rabbit coloring eggs
and Jesus there's like I really there's
no correlation at all there's like no
connection at all but you know what I
have to say coloring eggs
it's pretty awesome now I don't think
I've done it since I was probably eight
so we'll see how awesome how I'm knowing
it might be the only thing is I gotta
find a store that's open on Easter I
think everything's pretty much closed
Sunday will be closed yeah targets class
not gotta be Walmart Walmart has to be
open it's always open splash I love
doing that what the f is this is a water
doesn't go to sign this is so crappy I
want to get like we get shivved with a
toothbrush
it's an unmarked Walmart all right what
Easter thing should we get what is this
oh we can just get this all this is
chalk see here they got some eggs candy
whatever this is is it seriously don't
have any like coloring kits or anything
like that it's really weird guess no I
guess kids aren't doing that anymore
take this out this is the funniest thing
I've ever seen
and you know what this is cool because
we have kids we won't have to deal with
the issue of flood when you die you know
do the egg coloring thing like dye gets
everywhere look at this it's a spinning
egg like this I guess somebody made like
a billion dollars off that idea totally
forgot eggs got the food coloring thing
so I went to the store and they
apparently have little like for Easter
little two spots of eggs that are
already like hard-boiled or whatever
borrow broiled I was checking out and
leave it to the clerk you know late in
the mood so I'm sitting here like
rushing around cuz I'm trying to get
back because we're gonna go out to eat
for for dinner and the guys like oh yeah
you know why the Easter Bunny hides a
the eggs right I'm like no it goes
because he doesn't want people knowing
that he messed around with the chicken
I just I lost it I I was laughing so
hard so kudos sir even though you have
to work on this day having fun gotta
have fun with your life I salute you sir
I salute you I'm not gonna do it right
now because I'm trying to drive but I
salute you you always have to have fun
even in crappy situations Hawk Lu this
they both smell Kobe and Tyson they
won't you guys could leave me alone now
gets pissed off sorry about that
how you feeling don't better hold that
all the tight firm ready already I know
they don't have them they didn't have
them this is all they have can you put
it in then you put it like this now push
it and apparently that's how it does it
I know I think we should try with a
regular egg some eggs and bullets and
he's gonna mix up Easter eggs with a
rabbit
look it's Easter poop on a deep purple
purple so what are you thinking below to
make purple no they have a purple pet oh
wait why does it say I don't know cuz
they're crazy pink
it's a pink and blue make purple or you
could just use purple hey you just won
purple that's it yeah do it try this one
color mm
what Wow super cool wow this is awesome
what's different going one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten and
then we store another color put some
green in there I guess it makes kind of
a cool it's like you know what it is
it's like sucks
it's like Spiral I remember this Spyro
yeah oh that's awesome
now that isn't it assuming this is the
hand puppet probably well and then you
just set it down I feel like this is
gonna wipe it off there we go beautiful
rabbit poop Easter poop what are you
wearing I mean you can't you can't get
that with normal dye that's pretty
that's pretty awesome yeah yeah yeah
it's right there we go
- which one's better I'm diggin the
purple one right here well the positive
is that kind of keeps the mess in their
decisions decision here's your these are
all your like variations you can get do
spring green
what's a green yellow and green oh it's
stupid but you know it probably teaches
kids you know how to make colors out of
other colors so colors colors which what
are you doing
dunk that it aren't done alright let's
get a little fancy let's shoot this in
60 frames per second see if we can slow
it down
alright when you're doing what are you
doing here that yolk yolk hook your hook
deep this will withstand a craziness
let's shoot this is sixty frames per
second to
nature strong dang
alright color that is disappointed chart
just like you although the sense there's
my little boys are so annoying so
destructive oh my freaking Easter
with trippy
to be an early
