hey guys how's it going having a good
day good day starts hurting well kind of
look slow start but now I was getting
better right I hope so anyway I'm
driving up to our new place and up if
you guys fell back is why you have to
wear your seat belt always wear your
seatbelt safety first and friendship
because I've never learn anyway yeah so
I got to drive over to our new place and
kind of finalize our contracts i also
got to try that you guys really want us
to open another p.o box so i'm gonna try
to do that today but post offices oh
they close in about 20 minutes so i
don't know if i'll make it and then i'll
let you guys all put on our facebook or
our website or something you guys will
figure it out but yeah cuz we move we
move in May early May so I'm pretty
excited I think maybe fourth or fifth or
sixth one of those days I think I think
it might be Cinco de Mayo my message
they say that stupidly I apologize they
fit I know we said that last week or
something like that was going to be our
last our last long trip but we wanted to
come down and shoot a few episodes of
drunk gaming with Justin cuz we were
going through the comments and we got a
long list a long list of video games you
guys suggested which is thank you thank
you i didn't know there's so many games
so we're gonna try to knock out a few
episodes now because we're gonna be
moving it to be very hard to film keep
sending your ideas on her channel and
she'll keep going through it and you
know making a list and then we'll knock
them out it's been spreading really fun
i'm really glad you guys enjoyed the the
series so much because she had this idea
for about a year but since she's been in
school she hasn't had you know she can't
really focus on something like that
she's done she has this this week is I
think the final exams and she graduates
28th or 29th I like howling with every
day time always like a day off it's like
oh he's dead of that order the dead dot
dot dot dot a now sorry inside joke get
some freakin coffee
our new box see it's empty yeah looking
good watch something i know i was just
saying earlier it's so crazy how like
grass just comes in sheets like a giant
puzzle piece you should have made it
like into like a shape or a face or
something like that yeah it really is
just like that Jess here's a little game
if you never did this when you were a
little you had to have done this every
time I would eat Pringles I would do
this okay hold on it's finger pick it up
all right i'll pop I doc I just bloated
good ha ha wow oh wow wow pop I had a
weird childhood or how about this oh I
can't do it anymore when it was little I
always put like the bugles or whatever
they're called on my fingers and then I
walk around going rear it can't do it my
fingers are too big or like bugles get
crappier
you should probably wash your feet every
once in a while she washes her feet
that's just from the lawn for everybody
wasn't put two and two together pa2 I
don't know where we're going don't know
where we're going we're going somewhere
safe no locking doors in this household
you would you don't believe me I'll show
it to you oh how big is that cheered on
you that's a I can fit in that it we
should but we should try to both fit in
the same shirt did a fine job there a
fine job fine job just yet all your life
feels really weird going for some
patchwork were here fine job there dot
you and Ray are both doing great jobs
awesome job ready to get to work we're
gonna work hard wait that doors locks
guys go this way what do you want to
help you guys enjoy the swimming pool we
got it we got it we gotta be men and
women doo de doo de doo de doo de doo de
doo doo doo doo doo we should totally do
done a time-lapse oh it's been awesome
are you you lining it up yeah and let it
up I'm just the liner upper you're the
surveyor on the surveyor you're holding
you up you're the one smoking cigarette
right stop and slow yeah hey batter what
you doing yeah yeah that's awesome you
look really good it's weird though it's
like you're buying graphs like you're
it's so weird it's like you're paying
for something that already happens sweet
man what come anymore yes looking good
right now hey man ready get it
good girl up she's going back the other
way oh so you're broken get it down get
it
you
you
you
I'll i gave the riot shirt on too ah I
want to cut the other grass I'm a very
responsible sansar
that's how you lay sod that's how the
professionals going the aftermath
conducting some series yeah we probably
shouldn't go in the water was that photo
full of chlorine that is three right now
which is I I want you should do it and
it grows in we can come back no do it
now that's not cake frosting finding
trees climbing trees climbing cheese
climbing trees I like climbing lots of
cheese we climb cheese cuz we have trees
so yeah that's the trees believe it
recording but I can't promise you're
gonna be able to see anything showing on
I i'm gonna summon i need both my hands
now so there we go oh that really just
really hurt my muscles I'm not in shape
at all okay part way watch me fall while
I'm recording that would be great
footage though Oh want to live in trees
no I want to regress yeah live introduce
te ball evolution devolution this is the
best part of our house not well here
you're a great part but no this is this
is the way better part which one they go
for
which one is your favorite
can't go wrong with chula to that this
spells disaster right there
so to answer your question how many
clowns can you fit in the car apparently
only two
I get you old rock I think I think that
new pillow just I'm not used to it and
it hurts my neck hurts or whiner I'm
2000 my next all I can fly backward you
want to go test out the new grass barley
there's the doors open say oh crap it is
give all the space the first thing we do
a trigonal road this is my is my patra
here anyone know okay what TV show am I
talking about when he goes then he turns
around and then it does it again as a
perfect you don't know I thought you
talking to them I'm talking everybody
this is so I was waiting to see how long
i was going to take her to find that
this is amazing iced it got oh thank you
mom are
good 945 everyone I Ali was getting all
nice and pretty I basically fell asleep
and I just want to say this is why I
hate naps you know when you wake up from
a nap you feel like you were just scared
or like I don't know if this weird pit
in your stomach and I don't know I can't
I can't deal with it right now I need
like caffeine so bad right now
apparently i was snuggling that zoe and
user has a pillow because we got those
new pillows right and alli and I are
like I don't think we like these so much
so i was using Zoe instead of my actual
pillow so we're just not used to the
change i know its really kind of weird i
don't know but this is my Zoe pillow
he's actually pretty comfortable doesn't
it look pretty comfortable she just sits
right there and she's warm perfect all
right so we gotta head over to justin's
and start filming episode 2 gap portal
two hooked up hopefully this is gonna
work apparently what was going on it was
like Justin's xbox he's got he's got an
xbox with an HDMI and a component it
wasn't working apparently with this
thing so luckily I brought mine I
could've been bad Boober Boober so
that's Justin and this is Wyatt why do
you have like a rooster tail on your
head they were doing it legit this time
the one complaint you guys were having
was audio so why it's letting us use we
got a nice little boom this time with a
dead cat these are actually called dead
cats right there did you know that
that's actually called a dead cat but
that's actually what it's called it's
called it's weird is it a dead cat and
we got some lights we got that light I'm
gonna try to do portal so episode
throughs gonna be up wednesday i'll get
the gopro too well are you comfortable
dr. sing like a bird alright so we are
going on sorry about that I when I got
in the car I hit my hand and hit the
roof and it turned it off for some
reason so we run playing so many so many
games I guess basically we killed every
battery because we're trying to do the
boom mic make the sound sound a lot
better so we're using a dat recorder
like a really professional one had to
get some coffee because get me along
that it's already too it's two-thirty
right now in the morning it's always a
lot of fun you know shooting videos in
general like making videos on YouTube
before this was my full time job the
reason why I did it was because I love
it it's so much fun you know you can you
know so it's a great way to like express
your creativity when you're involving
your family and really close friends
making videos is just so much more fun
but I mean like when you have like seven
people you know three people to or even
just like two people help you no other
brains in
in the video it just comes out so much
better because you're able to you know
combine your thinking caps speaking of
which did you have to do that your
teachers always go alright kids put on
your thinking cups as if to imply that
you're stupid without this imaginary at
whatever digress cut a lot of coffee
today can you tell talking pretty quick
I'm feeling good feeling good let's get
this which kid just done any Sarasota
residents recognize this the scary Road
the strip on US 41 yeah there's a lot of
lot of ladies of the evening and yeah
$29 motels
does he
you
