yes don't fake a finger again like I
went to go grab the door she honestly
thought you broke oh by the way good
morning we've lit a circus Brandon over
to the meetup tool for today and then
we're going to go to walk around that
thing as much as we possibly can in
between there's a couple interviews but
I want to go see the convention center
because every time we do these things my
favorite thing is to walk around and say
hi Lee venture who basically they
couldn't get into the lottery for the
meetup I think it's more fun that way
there we're using right on a little
taller again police down for this
are you listening yes yes there is
this is incredibly confusing and so
large not really sure what you'll see oh
yeah
everyone's know hello
keep doing random Meetup so fifi you
here see your front facing camera ready
there's our poster right there
we're hanging out with new friends right
now it's a PSP be a booth actually old
friend Holograms that's right risking
you three times Star Search I know yeah
yeah so Roger cool
elevator action but knowing the internet
might run while so because they keep
saying it when I loud out here we're
gonna do it anyway
it's so massive well I go play with some
hot wheels right that little girl's
typical of a client
I can find out like it's American Ninja
Warrior
you mean to do this interview they come
back out yeah you know we came outside
two tires
unfortunately we meet up you ever wanted
to go to earth kind of picking a name
out of a hat
it'll fill money and come out here
because it back its dandruff what you
guys don't always get to see is like the
back area of where we're at and this
convention center is that's the back one
of the stages is there it was like one
of the backstage areas for like the
creators actually always cool like this
setup they have today where I'm tacos
okay we're sharing because we love each
other so Taylor but I always love Holly
something
earlier with the rock rock rock rock
literally fit down
I want that float though simple dingo
and I want it really bad
I love o to get old for that
and the
the quickest
that my way Tribune Rock'em Sock'em and
then between sister yeah yeah yeah to
give them up Isis and I had to release
the bad boys I can see why I got to show
you guys something
I don't remember we had a certain topic
she actually have it yeah that's like
only a couple made so you have a please
let me know it's whatever it is in stage
definitely wear it too oh I love them
more than I love you look at the photos
a minion I know you all do does that
Kevin key I have no idea is it's always
cited oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god Gilbert what I'm doing
it
everybody
yep
I love how that's in a cage okay so I
think we're going to head back kind of
walk around a little bit to hide
everybody and we're going to do the same
thing tomorrow so if we're watching this
walk around Cuba I appreciate fuller go
big giant like flag on it or like a
tractor you guys can say hi he's very
sentiment so many Indians especially
those who take into the mean grief which
is a lot of system is kind of it's the
only way to kind of make things happen
but at the same time I was feel really
bad like caps we did three hours today
which is at first were like okay maybe
we'll keep you guys at an hour hour and
a half but then there's so many of you
guys had so many awesome story that we
cannot we have to just you just let it
go
so I mean we have until three hours so
much fun we just did all our our
interviews today
right and then every tomorrow there's a
community meet up at 7:00 Saturday until
Friday at 3 p.m. we have an instant
interview I get the instance day for
something like that bacon well you have
the instant instant interview stage at 3
p.m. so that's tomorrow and then
Saturday we have 1 7 p.m. so there's a
lot of us a lot of things that we can
come say hi with which I'm pretty stoked
up all right now how do we get back to
the hotel again
YouTube YouTube man oh did I really hear
you
so what is wrong oh it's just a little
straw 5 what what I get what I get you
okay
best wing up relative you just eat food
off of floors I'm pretty positive you
will step into everything giving us your
come you are such every better thank you
like you really give me this job echo
what am I really like what like step all
you to give me go okay I don't make a
gift for that phase you know what it
looked like look like any idea the Neon
Museum special free cool looking the
neon graveyard of YouTube
ready a little burger right let's get a
little burger
oh and we're getting kicked out right
seriously I really feel like I've made
me really dizzy why your many
are seriously securities kicking us out
literally one point you were you the
first one in last one out
I can't say that what to say yet what to
say yet I was definitely seeing early
today
I actually was little early I had to
leave into the other like say face a
little bit out there like are you
shutting up like no yeah now we're a
little the last person to leave it I'm
so worried it was fun though what are
you doing well I'm making a movie over
here for you
okay
Wow
yeah very scary very scary oh I don't
know what you're making we have to give
it to our friends you're watching honey
look at you you are touching our teeth
of mackerel
you're sucking our teeth tummy now want
it now what is the bird say what is the
first a beautiful goodbye
honey are you our guys do you think I
don't even know they know what that is
Oh impressive impressive so I'm playing
my favorite game right now it's sending
these random people my photo of this
carrot but a bunch of people this person
did not like my carrot photo but these
other people did like my character
yep carrot lives on look at he's playing
the game back and we're going to cook
him
Dominique we're going to accept that and
it begins started that iPhone mister
iPhone can't change his name no basic
day one day one right a VidCon is now
completed this is officially day one
alley snack on our little salad you'll
be all healthy probably the second time
is really fun kind of excited we can
show you guys a little bit of like what
happened like an acrobat but let me show
you what we don't really should call the
disaster after big time
my boy has gone to the met them a few
events ago I'd be people from healthy
junk food and their amazing Julia and
Jackie you guys not only they are please
go check them out healthy junk foods are
so cool they make really crazy stuff on
are actually in Orlando but we hung out
with them so I am really just nice like
that if you feel we got to see ya Joe
mr. chairman just a lot you know messin
tour it's a lot of people sweetie I'm
sure if it was like every time I think
of somebody else we got to hang out and
it's so cool because I talked about it
earlier we don't usually get to see all
these people and it's kind of that sorry
I brought my Apple TV I saw yesterday it
looks like Moses been watching some TV
three share an account I got distracted
here's my carrot woody and I call it
Pelican Pelican got air dropped all over
freakin VidCon so if you're watching
this video and you got a photo Pelican
you're welcome and if you're in VidCon
turn your air drop on I'll come to child
care
Matt what Charles set down telecare and
into the traffic area so RIT le carré
is all right peep le carré happy
airdrop on maybe if I'm walking around
VidCon I'll send your parents
telecaring it's a fun game alright guys
I'll see you tomorrow don't forget to
subscribe
you
