hi don't do that pick us up in a pumpkin
carriage nice no cause I can the story
goes but whatever it's okay
we made the print Center and way earlier
than he should have been it's fine we
confuse the words by and Moll
so I just said we're gonna go to the
ball and my something but that's not
right
go go go hello again so I just dropped a
lay off it's her last day of school
today is their last day of official
class of college ever so she has a
presentation so she's kind of nervous
yeah she was pretty uh she was pretty
nervous because okay you know how she
does every time she goes as a big test
or something like that she thinks she's
gonna like fail or get like a D I
actually told her if she came home with
a DNF I would make dinner every single
night I would do the laundry I would
give her a back massage whenever she
wanted for like three months straight
because we all know that's not gonna
happen
fingers crossed why she's gonna fail on
purpose I'm trying to jailbreak my phone
right now cuz the new the new firmware
is out and I'm a nerd I know I'm gonna
have to do it oh I totally think I just
bricked my iphone I keep getting this
stupid 1611 error
oh no after four years almost five years
of jailbreaking my iPhone I think I
finally killed it
we always go into Mac and there J what
kids mean is this I know it is quite
cute yeah okay her makeup is really cool
I just want to show you this awesome
it's really adorable and she has all
these great little little funds like a
little like charms what the heck is
going on oh man persistence sure pays
off after I don't even know how long I
got my phone back to working now
it's not even jailbroken I don't think
oh thank you jail broke itself here
about this is I like how this is what
I'm doing before we get on the car and
sucks 4.3.2 okay now we got a jail break
yet see if I screw this up yeah fix my
phone hmm Apple is making it harder and
harder to jailbreak that it used to be
just like my work the one worth it was a
like a webpage you just go to it on your
iPhone or iPod and it would just like it
was like a pixel hack or something you
would just literally go to a website and
it would do it
it's getting really complicated there we
go look at that pineapple run I
seriously got a hemp to every like
iPhone cracker hack or whatever it's
crazy like this stuff is it blows my
mind like I have a hard time running
their apps like running this thing let
alone like reverse engineering something
that Apple made all right no time to
pack
three sets off three
three so what was that 3103 now what was
what was what were you doing pumping gas
is like the worst chore in the world
you guys want make it fun like snow I
guess
okay okay I don't know if you guys can
see a little micro machine of a car so
we're trying to get around this this big
semi right and apparently I wasn't going
fast enough for this look I think that
is probably the funniest thing I've ever
seen is a smart car zooming around and
passing I don't know what it is I think
it's so smaller than the driver okay
the driver was a big guy right and a
smart car this small car
it just looked like you know like what
those like in the circus we felt like 17
clowns in a little clown car that's what
it looked like I wish I know that you do
I need about like a camera here and then
they need about a camp camera in the
back at all times just because so many
funny things happen since around the
road so much all right I have to address
this I keep getting them barded on
twitter i don't know which which one of
you Trixie little individuals out there
did this but I can't I can't help but
laugh alright I have to address this I
keep getting bombarded on Twitter I
don't know which which one of you Trixie
little individuals out there did this
but I can't I can't help but laugh
there's this website where it has a
bunch of email photos and I guess
yesterday who they featured on the front
page there it is yeah isn't that funny
and Orlando is for hipsters what do you
think honey is that hot am i if I'm mad
sexy that's a bad sexiness I just wanted
to show it to you guys because you kept
kept at replying me and I was I was
trying to avoid it because I know you
guys you can make okay again I'm gonna
give you a free pass that situation like
like what the perm was to the eighties
now mm but see the thing is that today
because you had the hot blonde hair and
that wasn't oh he hit the dreads you had
the dress that was like I went through
like just the awkward stage of like
being a person Cano is totally cool all
the time I was cool all the time I was a
cool kid I wore sailor suit my parents
made when I was a toddler I wore sailor
suit
oh well from two to two to 250 and it
was totally awesome and then I kind of
lost it right here you know when I was
in high school and I think everybody has
this thing is like you know what I'll
grow up
I'm not gonna be like my parents I'm not
gonna have that thing like or when
you're looking at old home movies or
photos you see your dad with a perm yeah
it's gonna be forever you showed them a
photo my mom my dad perms and then some
really old ones of your parents hey my
dad it was funny I'll try to figure sup
we're going down to Sarasota now I want
to see you about getting some old VHS
tapes of Ali and my family and now that
we have this PVR I think we can make it
digital eyes and I'll put in the vlog if
you can't if you can't and if you guys
want so let me know in the comments if
that's something you want to see and
I'll try to make it happen so it was
like one of those things when I was
younger than my dad I've seen old photos
of my dad and my mom and I'd be like
what are you wearing what are you
thinking I'll never do that I'm gonna be
cool forever and I I was doing so good
up until my 20s and I was screwing it up
I was doing this was at age 20 21 21 to
24 or something like that yes I mean
it's all documented not if you do which
is unfortunate so you guys another free
pass make fun of me but don't do it too
much because it's gonna happen to you I
promise you it'll happen to you they'll
has it already happened to you you're
only 21 no but I mean this happened at
21 L up until 21 I was normal and cool
and then this happened
this happened look this is your future
this is your future your future you want
to see Ali giggle once the Ali giggle
your favorite clampets from slammin
salmon it's uh what's-his-name
Michael Michael Clarke Duncan but right
this is what he says if you haven't seen
this movie ready here he goes have you
ever seen a slammin salmon
it's a highly underrated movie highly
underrated
what's that Ali Ali won the 2010 or is
it 2011 2010 or 11 shorty award for
weird chosen by you guys so they sent
her she wasn't able to come as your
trophy that's pretty cool class and it
could break well I'm sorry it took a
shower before I came very appropriate
it's hard to see what it says here
there we go third annual shorty award
for Ali speed weird big tail
whale tail it's a Hoyle tail holy crap a
poop would cut the blood loss hey I was
trying to think of something good and I
couldn't think of anything I just poop
Sacko crap on somebody just linked me
there's a new Final Cut Pro coming out
dun dun da and it got rid of rendering
you don't have to render anymore for all
everyone out there who edits videos on a
phone using Final Cut Pro rendering is
going away I'm pretty excited what they
rendered rendering useless that's why
you're weird he's excited
I was waiting I was I was waiting for
you to respond look at the Fox go far go
Fox wait wait you know don't wait let it
go yet oh it's a cute little fuck so
let's go this friend oh no Fox go away
Fox wait your turn look both ways please
super magician Dottie oh no seriously
okay this is a pretty impressive trick
she basically eats a star Burt and then
I tried it no starburst yeah yeah we
should create to make something else
yeah it's like the UH the chairs like hi
with your tongue it's it's one of it
it's like it's a tongue challenge we
don't know that's what you actually saw
very impressive let's see rapper from
the palm starburst I don't know why I
just said that in case you guys couldn't
see what I was doing
Jojo got it right you take some time
guys this is complicated give her a
minute
we can I gross it's okay oh my god you
are that's the second you did that it's
a crane and you just did that with your
tongue that is ridiculous and your teeth
yeah what did you learn how to do that I
think then you can eat the delicious
starburst that's crazy
there you go Internet you do two at once
that is crazy no that's used two for two
now
that's crazy mind-boggling I don't know
that blows my mind it's a shooting star
yeah hey guys I was like boy I look like
Easter Island
it's beautiful it's beautiful
you
