look it's a rat shouldn't care just hit
me all right never mind don't need any
more so this is what somebody must think
of a recorder used as a dog toy Oh 20
seconds into the video you're already
busting out of that's what she said
hello furry cat what a camera come on
man whoa look it's red where did that
come from
it was stretch it was together and then
stretched out that is cool if you don't
get near it yeah anyone know what kind
of walk little man so this is where the
Swiffer got its idea huh that's so cool
oh look at him he's standing up and I
want to back up does he
mad at you I like how you tell me to
leave it alone and then you keep playing
marlis got a friend
yeah I think so first comes puppies wait
and some households puppies come first
smiley with the puppy and those exist
too it's seriously the it's a rank or
what is that a freaking rank a real-life
rank or think I love you be my wife okay
okay look at all these mailboxes that
aren't mine right and the second we get
to mind
I'm the unlucky one with a giant spike
not giant okay itty bitty spider but
still it's a spider could kill you small
spiders could kill you of course he has
to be on my mailbox Ally's gonna go get
her nails done for graduation I get
every time I go in here I feel like you
have ever gas-mask cuz it's just like I
felt so bad the people who are out doing
smell that constantly but I don't know
why
yeah it smells so bad
you get that one get the sparkly one no
no you need you gotta get this one or
that one
it's soaking off the polish because it's
like a gel stuff it goes on like a
polish but in a bit it's very bad tired
it's very advanced
it's like acetone yeah it's a very
advanced process super super super
scientific you know what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna invent piece like a motor this
nail polish and billions I want to show
you guys something see if you remember
this alley we were just talking about
cuz when Alec did the Mortal Kombat
thing on her channel she never she's
never heard of friendship friendship and
Mortal Kombat's I want to show it to you
oh no no this is jamming striker was the
dumbest one I think he was like the
stupidest the dumbest one oh yeah oh
yeah that's your face your face violence
is not the answer children I used always
dude to Melissa when I was getting mad
at a really that's your face no I mean
it was more comic and I would always do
friendship so it was always nice like
stop whipping me with your stupid hair
trick
what the fuck
yeah it makes no sense whatsoever makes
no sense but it's it's friendly I think
that was Mortal Kombat's a of like will
combats unnecessarily bad
oh I totally forgot to tell you guys
yesterday or the other day when we got
portal a mortal prophet Noah it's not
what we know look they actually do give
you a gift card or did give you a gift
great thank you wow thank you honey
are they closed oh we're gonna get a
component cable for the PlayStation 3 so
we can record PlayStation games not just
Xbox that would be awesome
I could just poop at the computer be
awesome
I think that's too small for you
you're crying shoulders
oh hi camera around that's a little bit
hilarious that's the red ring of death
right there on a display model Xbox veil
hey don't forget the floss you get some
sort of like plague we are going to Bed
Bath & Beyond I always say Bri why
where's my hand dirty but heaven to my
hand bed bath everyone always asks what
the beyond is right because there's not
really a lot of beyond stuff it's like
Bed Bath and kitchen and should just be
called Bed Bath and kitchen because we
can't we can't go get a video game here
click a movie yeah exactly
it should be called house shouldn't it
be beyond no no I really want to know
what happened to my hand
here's the beyond section pots and pans
public bed flop
I'm on the mission to find the perfect
pillow cuz you're supposed to switch
your pillows out like what every year
every other year something like that
because it has got a little mic actually
I did an old pillow video I found him
there we go to get candy came to I
dressed oh nice
holy crap I thought it was like a drink
cup you put like a drink oh yeah I'm the
Charles Trippy Jenna I did a uh Oh like
a pillow video I guess I don't know just
to tell you how many disgusting things
are in your pillow I'm gonna try to
switch mine out and find a nice piece
what is it you spend like how many
percentage of your life like a sleep so
it's very crucial Oh probably did
exactly what I just did where we got to
do the ultimate test I tried it on
Christine did that hurt then we get this
one that's how you test out pillows you
workout with this I had to bring him
over here cuz nobody was believing me
out weird that thing was I heard you
right yeah I hurt my wrist yesterday
like yeah yeah
inappropriate exercising just like
yesterday oh come on you got to do this
like a boom box
good job last night I found a youtube
video actually one of you gotta send it
to me on how to make corn dogs so I want
to try to make a corn dog yeah a Cohen
dog you want a corn dog corn dog get
some corn dogs flour just push it into
it push it the other way yeah so first
thing oh that's heavy
decisions decisions which oils healthier
is the peanut oil is it the corn oil
vegetable canola oil Internet help me
out I've actually been wondering this
for a long time like what oil is
actually healthier sunflower oil which
is that I don't know which is healthier
wiener she's scaring you with her new
pillow here gonna help no that's day you
ever know about her if she gets
something new and I try to help her she
gets really really cranky she has to be
the one eye open and member do you guys
remember when she got a new computer
like I took I threatened to turn it on
and she go freaked out I said I'm gonna
try to make this corn dog I'll put the
recipe on our website I don't know how
well this is gonna turn out but it seems
you have a website I have a website
she's obviously a very bad friend okay
we're gonna try this I don't know
fingers crossed you can't just leave
okay Ally's being a brat okay I think
this is actually what it looks like that
looks pretty good but when making these
things it's very crucial very crucial
guys not to spill hot oil all over
yourself yeah does this work does this
how is this how you get oil out I really
hope so
oh by the way these are the pants
everyone's asked me what brand they are
so empires come on oil okay that work I
just saw a guy outside the post office
who had the most fabulous and fullest
mustache I think I've ever seen it was
crazy it was like like at least an inch
out was so thick it's not I'm kind of
gentle look at all the pretty spring
colors
so we got the they got the hot dog on a
stick you dip it in and you make it like
a corn dog you got to get some of that
off there that's too much that's too
much I feel like this about normal now
put it in she said oh crap that's a good
question why do you keep it in there
probably a couple seconds oh my god that
looks totally legit holy crap I'm
amazing all you gotta do Internet just
be careful use your parents permission
Collin was it that is crazy is the corn
dog legit corn dog
check out the those are pretty babe
whoo-hoo you could be a carnie I could
you could totally be a carnie screw
YouTube I'm gonna be a carnie like a
pickle but instead I'm gonna fry a half
a pot that's prob it's ki a little bit
of batter not too much otherwise you get
the tumor I don't know he I wish we had
other things to get Snickers chocolate
some chocolate oh my god fry what are
the almonds welcome America we fry
everything what else we deep-fry there
goes the pop-tart everybody that's the
splash Oh what looks like a being a kind
of does
why don't we not afford yes I know this
is a thing that word this is an almond
ice cream I first taste us here we go
and what's the verdict Oh awesome mm-hmm
I totally am now realizing why I've
never made a corn dog in the house see
my eyes the smell of the vegetable oil
is just like gone through the entire
place we've had the air conditioning on
fans on Oh bad idea right so if you guys
try to make those do it outside so bad
anywho so yeah um I gotta get to bed
because tomorrow we have to drive to
Sarasota so we're gonna film some more
drunk gaming with Justin down in
Sarasota and if you guys have any more
game ideas let me know in the comments
what games a big LittleBigPlanet I don't
know like portal 2 obviously things like
that so we also gotta get things taken
care of with the new apartment so I
actually was check this out see if it
worked
did it work totally worked
no oil was a close one
since Wyatt and Justin left Zoe has not
left Wyatt's pillow she loves them yeah
what's so funny because like if she gets
anywhere near him he dies there's a
morally hey Marc it's Amara Leo anyway
guys I'm gonna go to bed and enjoy my
brand-new pillow I will see you guys
tomorrow
good night oh and don't forget to watch
Ali and Justin's new video game series
you can click right here and check it
out and let her know what video games
you want to see her play I'll see you
guys tomorrow good night
you
