what is this it's a Zoe tale hey good
morning good morning they scare you you
guys eat some panera bread hi so
basically ok this is what just happened
just one revenuer bread um Wyatt was
uploading grad life and I was uploading
our blog at the same time and the
internet just exploded just exploded
you're making friends outside of panera
huh did you just tie this to that she's
gonna pull this entire table with her
what are you doing what are you doing oh
yeah great ok that's funny you gave me
the leash she goes to you you heavily
she comes to me what's that Oh
ah
always like mine I'll eventually get to
you I've got the turning radius is
pretty sweet I guess it's engineered to
probably like a navigate Isles yeah it's
really good for that I'm gonna get hit
oh god it's such a huge turn it's scary
to swings it did everything looks like a
knock someone over 60 okay oh man sweet
right back to where we were before yeah
this time I'm helping I'm bringing it
back
No
there we go you're welcome warmer so
there's been a lot of suggestions for
old school games for Ali dates start
recording so we're gonna try to do let
me be like mario kart 64 go to the mall
gamestop and see if we can find an RCA
cable because I guess I don't have any
of those what others you said like Sonic
maybe like mario kart missed this is
impossible place first what about that
one school what was like hey remember
that one oh wait oh no jogo address what
was it kitty christmas no it was like
you would swing for like almost like
cars Annie almost look like a pitfall
that's close yeah we should play pitbull
might be pretty no that's for like a
second ah also kicking up work it why at
work it is i can't extend anything it's
sort of magical i know i couldn't figure
out what this actually does it's just
like you hold this to further exacerbate
like 188 you look like an what is this
wasn't supposed to do it is this is
worse than the hey what's that one hey
Wyatt what's that one thing that that's
inappropriate like this chick wait it's
like Shay quick to point out of plastic
shake weight oh that's weird I see you
guys how that's terrifying you can see
my eye we're all right I oh it's dilate
it means he likes you I feel my left eye
is a lot stronger than my right if
you're thinking about the eye doctor
right now are you comfortable there yeah
I feel like you're like you're Posey for
some sort of magazine shoot you just
like take my photo light on me we could
get the sub box right there yeah you
just go wherever the camera lens is like
I haven't been on Kent yeah I'm but I'm
feel very much today we go up here haha
wow somebody really wants attention
excuse me finally get down
what are you doing you're wrecking every
sorry i haven't been vlogging much today
as you can you know yesterday's vlog i
was up till i think i was up to about 7
30 oh hi Zoe she's yeah she's pissed cuz
I didn't get to take her to the
traditional field running extravaganza
so she's been like squeaking of love
squeak toys I didn't get up until like
730 cuz i was editing Ali's um her her
first episode of drunk gaming and I hope
you guys like it you know I hope you
guys take it for what it is it's you
know just goofing around having fun in a
safe environment so that's pretty much
that what that was and I think it came
out really good a lot of you guys really
like it and I really appreciate that
because I spent a long time like editing
that the today I wanted to show you
something because I just found this out
okay this is apparently if you guys are
an iphone user there's apparently
there's a file on your iPhone and I just
found out that it's been stored since I
think the iphone four point oh sports so
the iphone 4 when it first came out it
records your location I don't know when
it does it or anything like that but
there's this app I think if you google i
phone tracker apparently its stores on
your phone as well as whatever computer
your stink it too so be careful what
computers do seek your computer too cuz
look at this I'm going to pan over I
just want to show you it records your
location sporadically it's like so
random like all the different places
we've been I guess for the past what
year is something like that you know all
the I don't even why was I even there I
don't even remember being any of those
places but you know like there's all
Florida you know obviously everywhere in
Florida others California Arizona it's
like all over the place but it's kind of
it's kind of weird that it's been doing
this I don't know I just wanted to get
you guys as thoughts it's weird but like
he pointed out you know as long as the
informations like you know it's your
information it's kind of cool you get to
like kind of go back and see you know
all the places you've been because if
you're like me you forget that's why you
started vlogging daily it's kind of
weird like I guess it's with like in the
terms of service of apples so maybe this
this gives you know this is this gives
all the ammunition to the anti fanboys
and why Apple will suck applesauce
what do you guys think do you think big
brother is Apple do you think the
government and Apple are conspiring to
Steve Jobs they're supposed to like this
is all just a fake fight and they're all
taking over the world yeah yeah exactly
I grabber we went to the Google
headquarters like ido i think it was a
couple times and we showed you they
logged instant searches all tweets are
catalogued in the library of congress
really that was another thing so yeah
that is actually kind of cool i'd let
you you want to see something really
crazy this is gonna blow your mind right
here okay hold on look like I'm just
gonna load up my latest tweet there
there it is okay look at that down there
look at the numbers whoa that's how many
tweets kind of what I've been twatted
how many tweets of twat yeah I wonder
like how much like servers they have
just looking what what is that number
can you even it's like it's a big one
okay I want to back her this whole does
I don't know how to say this number okay
hold on that's how many tweets there
that is crazy what is that million
billion trillion quadrillion is a
quadrillion is that a real number so
let's just start a little discussion
what do you guys think do you think
social network is big brother is it
Skynet is google releases like that was
a trending topic the other day wasn't it
like the whole Sara Chronicle Sarah
Connor Chronicles were they like like
they switched the day because we were we
were discussing this in the car
yesterday I believe the real Skynet
activation date was in August not in
April so Twitter was trending wrong what
are you guys doing you're like staring
at that computer like it's gonna give
you food seriously whoa are you kidding
me dude it gave you a treat look Marley
look made friends with a computer oh you
didn't get one that we just asked nicely
do they give you another one holy crap
it gave you one Skynet is upon us
fucking away from that no she can come
well she wants my just kind of show I'm
sorry i well I don't care no show that
line uh oh I went to park the car and
I'm not really sure holy balls I'm not
really sure who's not gonna think I'm
drunk right now yeah urgent i dramatic i
know i'm such a crack addict right now
it's okay oh my god I'm just gonna keep
I'm gonna try your test it's just
rolling the camera jumpers or nothing
the whole I'm just never going to turn
it off I'm just gonna follow you into
hello ma'am how are you hello ma'am
so you can come to get crayons any
colored pencils or you could get a neck
line trimmer or what is that like a
photo editor some kind of yeah really or
you could get a toaster oven it's really
up to you so good at all one of
everything is this like what Snooki
would be if she were a cartoon schnook
Oh Justin's watching the sexy workout
lady
there's no better feeling than knowing
you got a good workout
Oh get your money Wyatt rub it all over
your body Oh see hold on sexy and
responsible that's what you need a man
cameras in 3d hole is ready please zoom
get on your face no oh my god I know
them from the internet Tamara oh my god
there are actually two people that watch
youtube videos the people that like
leave the mouse on the video and the
people that move the mouse cursor off
and the funny thing is people are like
wait what but you know who you are I
actually leave the mask yeah everyone's
just like how did he know we know we
know oh doh teeth what is that okay I
was like razors playing with a hamster
ball no big deal
what you did
Oh
you
