we got by the way why Justin here
drinking everyone pay attention so he's
drinking right now I'll tell you when
she stopped it's supposed to go left or
right it's no it's supposed to be over
here it's supposed to be over here then
you move it over your heart why you're
too smart look at couple more days I
feel like yeah what's the significance
of this like kinda hat like what are the
history of it like graduation somebody
wikipedia that for me like it's just I
mean it's such a strange thing it's like
let me put up a board on top of my neck
it's like this it's like you know what
the modern ones should just be with
iPads and they just graduate like this
coming from the guy who eats ketchup off
his iPad there we go
you know why it has this enough front
because if he sits in the back he dies
every single time because of the dogs
last night when I was scooting around in
that little cart at Walmart we kicked
out a guy came up to me and he showed me
this thing for Toys R Us apparently if
you buy a portal and more will come at
the same time they give you a $50 gift
card so I'm gonna take back the games we
didn't open them last night to Walmart
and I think if they have it that'd be
cool that we get three games for price
of two so thank you anonymous bargain
shopper at Walmart at one o'clock in in
the morning oh that's a mustache that's
why they're still around it's mainly
clothes we're the toys and the toys are
us like candy and clothes
oh man this brings back memories
playground balls no these are plastic
they're not even metal anymore though I
guess cuz when you're doing your doing
this we should totally get one of those
styrofoam airplanes your mama your
mama's okay I'm gonna seriously try to
get that you know those airplanes that
were made out of styrofoam you know
talking about you have no idea and they
break every time I hit the ground I want
one I want to go to the field and fly
those Angry Birds looks just like them
flying oh my gosh I want this yep we're
gonna go fly this we're gonna go fly
that comes with a little dude and
everything I feel they screwed up on the
color with this guy there only has one
here well I'm better than thought that's
why it's called the hammer of Thor not
the hammers and boys hey Marissa fire
ah he's like a kid in a toy store
does your smell mine smells like smells
terrible yeah
transformers humans in plastic mash
which one is this that's Megan that was
insanely annoying I just earn prime
that's no that's not the surprise
yeah that's right no your train it looks
more like Batman the king you're back
I'm not what do you want me to know I
wanted to say camera but no I was sure I
had my hands are full everyone Charles
wanted me to film him picking his but my
hands are full and I wanted to see the
cameras but picking because I wanted the
shows I'm sorry what of that I don't
know a dear X oh it is digital he's like
a little girl digital Rex he's a little
scary your head is even more massive
than it normally is I don't know how
that's possible
wait do it out that is so my mom gonna
like crap her pants laughing for a
little there
that's really cool we're gonna try the
GoPro on this I wonder if it's gonna
work oh yeah totally totally gonna work
just have the wings or is this it go see
wait we're gonna we're gonna send you
guys for a little trip maybe to space
kind of feel like these are a lot bigger
I think you were smaller
yeah just wings yeah these are
definitely a lot bigger like video this
is legitimately small good luck Godspeed
little dude I was afraid okay let's
write again go throw it down the hill
running throw it you didn't run long
enough
sort of
there goes there goes Marley
like anything makes it's like it's
better than what it was it was just
nose-diving right here I'll let you do
the the honors is it recording
baby give it all your might I think the
tilt yeah that's good cuz you'll
probably see that now these things we're
not meant to have GoPros attached oh you
get bit by that flower see everyone call
me a wimp
seriously why touch it right there touch
right there
right yeah we're fly to you see if this
actually works there we go
with
that as a pilot that's what you want to
do you want to go halfway around and
land on the top it's really hard to get
it yeah into the winds much better
good catch though
these are like the worst the ones that I
remember were like twice bad here and
they would glide in circles and there
you get more pieces see you later
you will be remembered styrofoam plane
Zowie that's piss leave it alone where
is it oh my god I would have died we're
getting ready to film episode one of
Ali's drunk gaming extravaganza with
Justin Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday actually
this is gonna go I'm gonna stay up all
night and I'm going to edit this and
this is gonna be live I'll put a link at
the end of this video so go check it out
and tell her what you think tell her
what games you want her to heard Justin
both the play we just wanted to do this
because we thought it'd be really fun
because Ally always plays video games
Justin always plays video games and we
want it and you know a lot of you guys
like watching video games so we wanted
to do kind of a twist
bonzai episode one but yeah we wanted to
do this for the people can't watch those
you know full walkthrough for the people
who really like them you're gonna like
this but the people can't watch those
but like entertaining commentary and
interaction and just all-around
funniness you'll be able to like this so
it's it's the best of both worlds I
already got your Bioshock shirt on
already
oh my god they started playing portal 2
first and basically it proved to be a
little bit too hard in their current
state so they're playing Mortal Kombat
first they get an idea of how to do this
it's really funny we're trying to do it
they were just standing at the wall like
this in portal they're just like staring
and they're like this is too hard
rendering and importing and more
rendering other thing about doing video
ok so usually you would have an audio
file and a capture file but because
we're doing it with a video we have a
video file and audio files we record on
a separate data recorder and then they
capture so I have to sync up three
things of audio and it's taking forever
but it's gonna be worth it it's really
funny I'm watching it out you can see
they're like arguing right there these
please understand that we're not
advocating any sort of substance abuse
or anything like that you know be
responsible that's all we're saying in +
was really funny before everyone gets
really mad I feel like the video games
themself are worse than the what we're
doing you know like you know drinking
alcohol and stuff were made so it's ok
and I'm drinking water see I had to be
completely coherent and make sure they
were on tap on task so yeah guys I'll
pipe check in with before I go to bed uh
but right now is like 3:30 so if I don't
let me get passed out
so make sure the videos live it's not
like I please that reply me a million
times so I get it on my phone and I go
oh I gotta go do that why why
I just lost all that please say it saved
oh my gosh hey everyone it's about 6:00
in the morning right now and I just
wanted to let you know before it pass
out that Ali's video is now live on her
channel youtube.com slash Ali where you
can click right here and I'll take you
directly to it basically episode 1 of
drunk gaming or her and Justin try to
play the new Mortal Kombat and it
actually came out pretty entertaining so
even if you're not a video game nerd I
think you're gonna like it
if you're a video game nerd I know
you're gonna like it so go check it out
give her some ideas of other games that
you want to see her and Justin try to
play go share some love
we really hope you guys like it we think
it's really fun and I will see you guys
later
I pass out guys
you
