sup guys sup sup sup dudes
I can't speak Spanish guess what else I
get to do today pick up my cap and gown
for graduation holy moly
four years has gone by literally in a
blink of an eye it's so weird everybody
always says that like after 15 or 16
years old your life starts going really
fast because you're just doing so much
it's really true I felt like I just got
here yesterday it really does that is
some of these cars broken into and that
sucks
thought I was gonna sing a song but I
don't really know the song feels so good
and Justin and Wyatt you know Justin her
brother are coming up to Tallahassee
because we are filming a few episodes of
Ali's new video game miniseries and it's
gonna be super interesting today because
what games come out tomorrow or actually
are out now that this is live but we're
gonna we're gonna kick it off with
portal portal 2 and the new Mortal
Kombat and it's supposed to be the first
episode is gonna be out Wednesday I'm
hoping Wednesday look for that on Ali's
channel but let Natalie rest write down
gonna let the dogs run around do their
thing because it's gonna be a long night
because Ali has to film these and then
go to school tomorrow then film or BAE
and I need a frickin haircut look at
this I didn't even bother putting crap
in my hair today every time I do it just
goes like it goes up and then it just
falls right back down because the
humidity in Florida because right now I
look like a little boy don't I don't I
look like I just like lost 10 years of
my life right here don't I it's
ridiculous it's kind of why I have to
keep the beard okay
give yourself so we can get into the
woods good job
all right get tired so I can run the
rest of my errands oh and today's also
the 18th so I hope everyone got their
taxes in on time I didn't even realize I
filed a long time ago just because I
don't like to wait to the you know the
last minute cuz I was I always think
something Bad's gonna happen and I'm
glad I did because I still
thought it was the 15th but for some
reason this year was the 18th and I'm
not really sure why hopefully you guys
who are filing taxes hope your parents
filed it not in on time would you find
this huge all right ready
back in little bring it back though I
bet oh it broke now the crucial decision
which one to bring back good jobs oh and
there's that creepy house again
it's real bummer that put it no
trespassing signs all over and now we
can't go in there wow that's really
mind-boggling if you think about it was
like oh well I think they had been a
year ago this month was last time we
were there right and then I think it's
almost been a year since we did the
giant waterslide like this past year has
just like flown by wow that's really
that's insane like it just feels like
yesterday when we were sliding down that
hill and then giant we should do that
again that was what that was a lot of
fun I don't know if it's the fact that
I've been like recording everything you
know every single day makes things fly
by faster or if it's just been a really
busy busy year it's kind of funny that
when you document every single day it
just just makes it seem like yesterday
Thank You Charles to the library my
hands a dolphin my hands a dolphin
find it anywhere I swear one of these
days every time we come here I'm gonna
try corner and books are just gonna be
flying off at the shelf and there's
gonna be like an old lady and like an
old librarian and she's gonna turn
Domingo Shh
well maybe that was like ghostbusters
since I watched it the other day you're
weird
Kelly you know it's actually really
crazy to think about right now all these
books all these books in his entire
library can be put on it like a Kindle
or an iPad isn't that insane that is
insane to me
no I mean serious that I can you read
her you can put all these digital copies
of these books blows my mind my mind
alone at you getting all risky don't
fall on man just imagine if you had that
job I'm gonna stamp that one every
single job
so you have to get production supplies
for this video oh there's gonna be a
funny video this year this is gonna be
really fun I'm really I really hope you
guys like this is we wanted to do like a
fun twist for those people who can't
really watch video game videos so it
makes it funny so this is for the
hardcore and for the casual gamer like
myself password yeah pay the tow a total
is at all Andros and role but we don't
get don't toes
we all need a rose so we're going so we
pretty ordered the games a game stop or
eb games whichever one it's called now
yeah we can't wait so we're gonna go to
walmart ali's being awesome and driving
us well us i mean you me and you guys
but we're gonna deal with mahmoud last
time i was actually at a walmart release
was for grand theft auto 4 and it was
andrew and i and that we made a video
it's actually a skit on the Charles
Trippy channel but I don't know I think
I'm feeling we can just walk in I don't
think it's a really high demand watches
me like a line cash monies I'm not a
huge fan of a boa but that I have to
give it to them there are other ATMs
they're automated maybe the teller
machines pretty pretty sophisticated ask
if it has any coffee what did you do wow
you were just saying you know it just
broke what'd you do to it did i insult
it does it have like an install feature
alright I totally take back what I just
I feel like somebody's like watching us
a little time this is how you preorder
portal 2
you get wheels and everything wait I
lost out so slow
this is they're so slow this should be
like a lot faster
underwear yeah that's pretty sick the
term pretty good this is how you
preorder portal 2 you arrive in style
they should be Belk our toes look it's
here insert we're in the store and we're
no children in our basket we're good all
they said not out empty Oh what time is
it
it's 1153 get kicked out before we can
get the game no I have a bum foot I have
a bum foot Callie yeah I keep losing her
now the ally oxen-free there she is
I drink in wet myself
okay let's go get these games before we
get kicked out and then we don't even
get them
let's see if she can get out three-point
turn can you do it
okay what are you at like five Oh what
was that for
it was a four point turn oh my god
that's like a fail toy you have to press
his crotch and he sings I guess you're
not pressing it hard enough so you press
his crotch and these things Oh a
six-pack success guys success so now we
can leave oh look at this I just noticed
this watch what I move my butt ready it
stops just completely stops
it's taking forever where'd you go okay
sorry we're leaving I apologize I have a
gift
having him yeah everything's until we
started doing donuts anyway it was fun
apparently I was talking to a guy I
couldn't help I wanted to laugh so okay
here's the funny story okay the guy was
like hey do you have these two games
he's like yeah and I pull up to the
register and so it was like you know
register and then on the other side was
another registers the guy was totally
gonna get hate oh my god yeah he was
totally messing with me I knew he was
just goofing around so he was on this
side of the counter and then he wanted
to go on the other side so it was like
you know big horseshoe so I just did
this I stared at him the whole time I
was like this can he went like this
you
