she doesn't want me to jump like some
are you eating
so we're having some very important
discussion doing some wedding talking
it's gonna be fabulous and we're
stuffing our faces I probably should
stop going right now I'm gonna get you
eating the whole day yeah now we're
getting serious got the computer we're
showing her my engagement video you feel
like it's a must you have to oh my god
that's my dog maybe that's not to turn
their Carla it's really wasn't me you
are the problem solver I told you I'm so
late yes that is good that is that is a
good first aspect to it i would use
where's your magic wand and it turned up
that was hilarious they're like no the
batteries are broken is not working
ready gonna get you good job good job
hey guys good morning that's kind of a
epic way to thank you getting on him
another although the way oh hey I'm
trying to say hi turn to say good
morning is that what you're trying to do
nose up so I figured you know what I'm
not gonna take a shower I'm just gonna
jump in the pool best way to start today
I think way to start the vlog right
sorry I said family getting all artsy
artsy fartsy Ranger Russ a dangerous but
dangerous it's probably a really
unattractive angle all right time to get
out
did you make a friend are you guys
friends now then we're fighting good I'm
glad I'm glad there's no more fighting
between you no more bad blood dude what
are you trying to tell me it's like it's
three o'clock you're not getting any
food yet
Oh for me thank you it's no delicious
and fragrance me and fragrance II the
fragrance you beautiful that it okay I
got you some flowers for pushing in the
water I just thought Pee welcome we're
on our way to dot some movie premiere
that's about it for me at the film
festival I know you're welcome yeah I
know I spent a lot of money in that
watch
but my plane circuits what guys guess
who I was just standing next to just
take a walk this any actor wanting yes
Christopher Plummer how would you know
right yeah really good no I couldn't get
the camera out because um they they have
kind of rule about having video cameras
and the movie theater and there's two
guys on the other side of this camera
now staring at me anyway I managed to do
sneak attack and got a photo so you want
to see it ready right back
BAM yeah so that was kind of cool I was
done I didn't really start switch
anything like that because it's not Tom
Hanks plant Tom Hanks it is Tom Hanks to
Johnny Depp I might that's like a girl
but it was pretty cool so I wanted to
you guys recognize him though the name
ok name one movie one of the zillion
movies in better can you do it title
game see how many of you was without
cheating without using IMDb lists as
many as you possibly can it was seeking
it the most anyway so I like that you're
like my sneaky paparazzi shot I know you
want it as a student film at FSU and I
just graduated in december whoa
nice rack
I think of bioshock and rapture okay
when you guys see this what does it
remind you of
michael jackson michael jackson it's
dangerous congratulations yea is my
payment under on our friendship so what
evolutions that you love each other yes
I'm marrying her not you bye see you
tomorrow keep going you guys let me good
oh look at a minute ten o'clock oh my
god this is actually no this is actually
kind of a sad moment this is the last
time we're gonna have to make this five
hour trip that it's not a sad moment at
all I don't know I'm actually a writer
turning point are you really gonna mess
up are you really gonna visit it would
be three the morning yes sir this
through this ish ish yo this is bullish
holy Sh sup dudes ready to go home you
got boogers all over your face I feel
like I was just here this exact same
rest stop like what was last time
probably yesterday come on guys pee
quick be faster stronger better yeah
victory it's always funny I always I
always feel like a proud parent when
they actually go to bathroom like they
did what they're supposed to your turn
Marley oh good job hey I'm like
delirious right now Ali drove most of
the way so thank her for getting us here
safely and alive okay come on Debbie be
home you happy to be home yeah that's
good
that's first one you caught oh cuz you
throw it terribly I dropped it that's ok
so everyone's calling me a jerk for
pushing ally in the pool I just wanna I
want to bring this up ok day 31 of these
daily videos I'm gonna pan over and show
you day 31 at about 2 26 guess who
pushed me in the pool guess who started
this whole thing guys ok look look look
who starts it day 31 right there sí
allí totally started it called her the
jerk anyway guys I'm gonna go to bed
I'll see you tomorrow
see what you did
you
does
p
go to be
Oh
you
