good morning love you you're laughing
you know you're laughing
do-do-do-do-do-do
I'm gonna push you guys in I'm gonna
push you in she's a humor hey Ally are
you guys happy summer's almost here you
can get in the pool seriously the first
house we buy has to have a pool all
right Zoe come on I can't get that oh
wait yes I can something at the GoPro
how do I turn this thing
I'm just like barley stay and she's
looking at me like yeah I can't really
go anywhere I'm sorry I had beans for
dinner
Oh awesome
I see it look at that Marv that's an
awesome pirate hat good job honey
aye aye captain
those pirates was the rum gun I think
they don't really hate it if you want to
see a little bit more actually mark Zoe
was falling asleep it was really funny
but um I put it on the cellphone channel
yesterday so if you want to go check
that out
all right you guys ready to capture a
vessel
I still do panty my name is Wally trippy
Omar come I'm early you guys think she's
still mad she's not bad look at her okay
so everyone called me a big dude I was
like three fingers I just went if that
was me she would have totally pushed me
in yeah I got a call from Travis from
Luther King's apparently they gave the
band a box seat at the Rays game the
Tampa Bay the devil rate though that
devil or is the Tampa Bay Rays never got
devil so he called and he knew we were
in town invited us to go so we're
actually going to a Rays game and what
what is today's day seven sixteen so 716
days ago we went to the Rays game for
the first vlog the very first blog was
lovely Ali's new to this drinking water
thing
you okay honey that's supposed to
breathe the water to the center they
wanted the vlogs was the last time we
were at a race game so if you guys
didn't see day one Co go scroll through
716 videos of hours to find a one crate
716 that's a lot it would've been really
cool if we could have done this on day
one of year three but whatever so we're
heading out it's a 4/10 game we're gonna
be late so but I think we're gonna be
half the other guys so we gotta we got
to drive fast but obeying the speed
limit to do that it's one giant
helicopter oh we should totally steal it
this is a nice little box so we got
right here and they gave us a little
booth so we're just hanging out here
Danny went through oh there's Danny
where we sat I think it may have been I
don't know I think it may have been over
there or something
seems like I just paused the video but
you're actually just standing like that
partying single single leg what is this
guy rage there the guy the way or the
gray the one right between that base and
the mat base what's that guy's name the
black yeah
that's Mike that's my cue root you
already lost
and then when they hit a ball between
the uprights it's a it's a touchdown
okay or a field goal with everyone yeah
field goal on a mission for ice cream
whose idea was this you mad bro cool
story bro cool story
oh there it is there it is Danny was
being a jerk he's the only one with cash
so we have to go here to go down success
you got yours yeah delicious
thank you to spit right on them
come on we want a picture not a belly
itcher
belly a shower ever else we want a
pitcher not some Jesus
we're down by river swamp without my one
it's the white rook so complicated
whoops okay we win
a kid I remember who wasn't that they're
playing with the Red Sox okay remember
they might have been the Red Sox
look it's binary I wonder what that
would convert to if it was actually
translated to binary
for cotton-eye Joe himself
are these one in the hug everybody crap
alright what is this called
we did it oh well edit there we go see
you can do it that's impressive
oh all the editing you're getting cocky
on that you thought yeah this is good
easy I'm looking at at replies weighed
out and what's this guy's name his name
is like Nick Woodman
he took a screen grab from the other
days vlog and I just want to show it to
you really quickly
it's pretty awesome isn't it just I had
the show Gio's laughing so hard we of
the woods thank you to Travis and Danny
for inviting us we're actually meeting
him at the mall oh we we sang we missed
we missed the seventh-inning stretch so
we decided to sing on the iPhone Channel
today is just a bunch of bonus videos we
sang you know the seventh-inning stretch
and you know take me out to the ballgame
so you came to watch that as well as
Marley's pirate video at the end we're
just giving you a lot of bonus videos
cuz the weekend and party it's Matt
Friday but it's Saturday so tomorrow is
Sunday and the day after that is Monday
and the day before that is Friday yeah
fun no no before now I'm confused it was
really cool to revisit that because it
was just like the first vlog memories ah
memories nostalgia oh we ran into that
car I'm gonna put this way vlogging and
walking dangerous is that ironic that's
a researching this at the Apple Store on
a Mac
no baby started no no it's like the
Ghost Rider bike it's glowing that's
cool
we have never gone out downtown
Bradington I don't think there's a
reason for that now it's actually really
small brain she's a really small city
but we're gonna we're gonna meet up with
everybody at the place called lost
kangaroo didn't even know didn't know I
didn't know existed actually funny story
actually this intersection when I was in
the band suspense thriller we played
know we had a stage right here battle
the bands right here played right there
it's pretty cool long time ago
it's a fun pop
very manly and patriotic and you read
manly
I have to it's like I just like to be
shot up Listerine
hey guys those promise here are your
bonus videos of the day see if you say
like that it's it's a way cooler it's
like just do everything like that from
now I'm just like hey hey dude hey
Johnny what are you doing I'm drinking
milk oh really hey Sally what are you
doing I'm writing an essay on world
religion it's way cooler that way anyway
they're really quick look quick bonus
videos if you want to check them out
just click right here on the video you
want to see check them both out there
like 30 seconds to a minute and yeah I
just wanted to give you guys something a
little extra a little extra for today so
go check them out I'll see you guys
tomorrow good night
does
you
