the hallway d CZ m holy crap I'm going
to be done with goddesses forever I'm
bored
Ayana at your toy you like that one it's
not as scary no everyone's bored
we're heading down to Sarasota this
weekend because dot F has a Film
Festival she's in and we have to go I
think to a friend of ours birthday and
Sarah Lando and then why is my phone
doing that that's weird and all that
other stuff I forgot what the third
thing was
see what I mean wherever I go see where
they go she won't stop following me this
this is your trash right here yeah
because they're all statically charged
just like well they just stick to your
back so we come here it just goes
through the door anyway sticks on my
hand or like it just I would see what it
does
okay now you're we gonna it's fun though
cuz there we go see you later
I think it's official I think Charlie
and Zoey have hairs all over the work I
was um okay just mailed out some stuff
before we left this weekend and I looked
over it like you know we usually get the
same little area just because we're
there so often and I look down in the
corner like by the computer desks and I
could just see Zoey and Marley hair and
I it could very well be another dog but
the likelihood is Zoey Marley hair own
that that post office on top of the hair
being on some of the shirts all over the
world from Norway Australia they're
taking over you guys can clone our dogs
now oh and by the way I've I got to tell
you I'm working on a new t-shirt design
cuz you guys wanted a new t-shirt with
that buddy Cyn electric and this is the
design right here do you see it oh yeah
it was really quick I don't wanna I
don't wanna give you guys too much I'll
give you one more time alright there it
is
oh you missed it again they'll be quick
gonna be quick when we get more of it
that's just like a concept that we have
I'll post it on our Facebook or stuff
and get you guys an opinion what you
guys want it I think it's gonna be good
I want to make a really weird awesome
t-shirt so okay one more time up so you
missed it a game you gotta be quick
don't even say anything I don't need you
I don't need to say a word in the
dishwasher our throat again we are right
back on the road again we're driving
really fast
totally
I envy how comfortable you guys are
you're ruining it for everybody
so since we have some time to chit chat
right now I want to ask yes I was
thinking about doing some sort of road
trip this year like maybe throughout the
United States I'm not really sure maybe
like a week or something like that
like what what should we do like oh
should we like try to have every kind of
like when we first started vlogs we try
to get up as many like cheesy bread
stops as we possibly could or should we
try to see like monuments to be honest
with you I haven't actually seen much of
the center of the United States you know
I mean I've seen both coasts but I've
never been into the desert area or like
not even so much the desert area but
like I've never been in Texas or they
got food through it once because there's
like a bunch of things were toying with
for the summer and I just want to see
what you guys thought because like I
think a road trip would be really fun
like maybe get like a giant art of he
and a couple of our friends and pack
them into the RV and just travel we kind
of cooled maybe we can meet up with like
some city of X ears throughout the way I
don't know I'm game
you guys have anything thoughts or
opinions or suggestions let me know
specific places that'd be pretty cool to
like really cheesy awesome tours jobs
remember I like the south from the
border we did a couple years ago it was
so cheesy but it was amazing just trying
to think of some fun things like I
really break look at that sign that's a
that's a frightening sign right there
let's go over here and beware of some
poisonous snakes now that I see that
sign I'm like looking everywhere like it
I mean the trees you'll fall down on my
face just bite my eyeball hey everywhere
poisonous snakes
beware of poisonous snakes
okay we're gonna make a song
you
okay good so we're going to sing a song
for you we're gonna see if you can get
it
this problem already come on the 203
I screwed that up Oh redemption we're
almost there would you guys like that do
you like that you like her singing it's
pretty awesome do it you know what song
that was anyone know sorry
all right here
looks like dots hugging somebody but
she's not oh god she's hugging yourself
can you see the difference yellow ones
why you can just blinding everybody
sorry
beautiful otherwise
what you
you
