yep she doesn't need me anymore I could
walk myself Oh pick it up son Julie's
bring it bring it here says I'll bring
it we will bring it to me thank you okay
Martha is that going to do it my brain
doesn't think that quick dude check out
that sweet ride that is awesome not as
like an old Porsche that is so freaking
cool I could do in my pants of course so
he always looks like she's high whenever
she looks at the window she's just like
she was like yeah man right Zozo become
distracted only way right now to go get
my oil changed and I couldn't find you I
couldn't find you internet the camera so
I took a photo on my iPhone of this
truck would use bumper stickers and all
I wanted to do was I just wanted to roll
up next to him and just go you mad bro
and just that's it ok this is the bumper
these are the bumper stickers that were
on the back of the car right here here's
the photo I mean look at without
starting a whole political debate which
I do not want to do because I really
honestly don't care you have your
opinions I have my opinions that's cool
as long as we get along that's totally
fine everyone can have those opinions
however I feel that if you have to voice
your opinion like it the only way you
can voice your opinion is through a
stupid corny bumper sticker really I
mean like a bumper sticker like a
massively produced piece of plastic or
paper or vinyl expresses your beliefs
like it doesn't have to do politics it
could be anything I just find bumper
sticker that you know the guy or you've
least seen the person like driving down
the street the person was like a billion
that bumper stickers some of which
contradict the other you know the name
think you know like when we were talking
about the whole thing's like I can't do
like I can't whistle we were doing the
sharing here's one thing i hate bumper
stickers so tell me in the comments
guess what is one thing that you really
really hate or dislike if you don't like
to use the word hate but i would say for
me bumper stickers they're just just so
dumb and moving on I have no idea where
I am right now I have officially
ventured into a street in Tallahassee
that I've I've never been ever I'm lost
even with the GPS I somehow find myself
getting lost a lot all it would be
completely honest that's like my
favorite like every time I move and
that's what I'll do when we move again I
always turn off the gps and I don't look
at my phone and I just drive around and
try to get myself lost just so I can see
about finding my way and I feel like
that's the best way that was actually
something my mom taught me I feel like
that's the best way to learn an area
that you live in or going to be around
and yeah I mean well I didn't do so much
in Tallahassee this pretty much why and
it's so freaking huge coming right back
to the you mad bro thing really quickly
I feel like that is the best
double-edged like troll comment ever
invented because yeah you know you a
troll could say it to you and stuff like
that but if like you say it to a troll
they get pissed so it's like they
invented this like little phrase but if
you use it against them and get some
soap as so like if somebody's trollin
just go you mad bro I promise I promise
they'll get so mad you'll you'll end up
trolling them and then the tables will
turn ah internet trolls so fun I'm
trying to think are there like any other
cool little trolling phrases or terms
that are on YouTube specifically can't
think of anymore if you have any other
ones that let me know but I think that's
the one that stands out the most this is
my favorite one
I'm hiding from all the car dealership
guys I'm waiting for Ali to come right
now just looking at all the car ok I
want to show you guys did you guys see
the new jeeps bias of new old Jeeps do
you see how boxy they are I can't tell
if they're cooler now what do you think
what does the internet think what do you
think that kind of cool or is that too
boxy kind of like it my lame my lame for
liking that track he found me I was here
for like 30 seconds they got mean I was
hiding behind a stupid white truck
they're good they're good they might
have cameras or something so they're
probably seeing us oh there's I think
that's one over there hi ok ok ah
Charles took the dogs to the park I'm
having kind of a major allergy attack
right now some breaking out this bad boy
the neti pot I hate this thing but it
actually works Oh gross it's coming out
my nose guys oh there's so much crap of
my nose it'll okay gross stop I already
sell them less stuffed up and I mean I'm
kind of still stuffy but I sound already
better than I did before how bad at
being a bee do you have to be to get
stepped on like really the bad be I'm
also realizing I'm and dire dire need of
a haircut what do you think should I
just keep growing it and I can have like
a three-foot mohawk if we're all
supposed to yield to each other nobody's
go it's either no one goes or than
everyone goes okay that was that's a
traffic circle fail months ago we tried
to go and there was a big pilot
trying to go to the park in a big pile
of dirt that's what they were making a
big giant circle for the past like nine
months and its really funny traffic
circles they seem to work in Europe but
they just do not work in the United
States I have no idea why why because
people feeling can't drive I guess mad
bro you mad keeps teasing you mad bro
you mad bro she's gonna eat like she's a
I'm going to eat all your electronics oh
he's so pretty oh nothing butterflies
buds do they do what it silent oh my
approach is that your interpretive dance
that's my impression of every butterfly
running into a wall that's sad let's
check the puss I'm sure tough ours oh my
gosh we keep killin you one of these nor
how bad these where you'd fly them once
they hit the ground and explode we have
to do that you remember being really fun
like I think it's more fun just to have
a giant yeah yes maybe I'll do that
later wait wait wait no hot hot hot on
its octal whale sham Rex okay so you
take the Dinosaur scary you take a shark
even scarier if you saw this coming at
you that'd be pretty scary ShamWow Shamu
well I love just waiting and having Ali
explained her jokes even funnier that
way here's that's far enough together
that's the problem there's a sword a
nerf sword here I'll show you my post at
lower bow staff
your hand just got sliced off you're
holding it by the blade for those of you
who aren't sure what a DB is well that
makes a lot more sense i was just
blowing on it and getting dizzy think
she had lightheaded agents amazed with
the giant penis in the background yeah
therefore it's gone let me destroyed it
I did it there we go got my car back and
now i got to race back home and help Ali
cuz she's going to be uploading her
video on her channel from her shopping
spree actually it's uploaded I always do
that I'm always like yeah i'm gonna be
uploading it i always forget that it's
live so yeah at the end of this video
i'll do a little reminder but go to
youtube.com slash ali and watch your new
little video she did from her shopping
spree in new york city while you're
there make sure to subscribe to her
channel because next wednesday next
wednesday we launched her new little
mini series that her and justin are
going to do it involves video games for
all you nerdy video gamers um but for
those people who are kind of like me you
can't really watch a video game video
don't worry they're doing something
totally different so yeah make sure to
subscribe to Ali because she has a video
life today and wednesday i think
wednesday next wednesday it's gonna be
pretty cool we got two awesome games to
launch it with so she's really really
excited she's probably kick my butt for
even telling you guys that much just
want me to say anything she wants it to
be a surprise but i wanted to I wanted
to give you guys kind of a little little
heads-up but about telling you what kind
of show it's gonna be you're just going
to find out you have to be you have to
be an ally subscriber so Ali is
graduating in a couple weeks now and
then we're moving so we're gonna have a
lot more time to make a bunch of more
videos and do all the series's series is
a series that we've been wanting to do
we've had one that we briefly mentioned
before in a couple of interviews and I
think we might actually be able to do it
the new it
you chapter in our lives and we're
bringing you guys along the new chapter
of CTFxC we're only on chapter like what
three it's only chapter 3 okay I feel
like there's something going on here
Zoey why are you acting like somebody
should be in trouble Marley what did you
do huh go to your spot you did something
bad didn't you huh what did you do huh
Marley what did you do what did you do
male what do you do huh huh what did you
do why why you wanted to did Zoe tell
you not to why what'd she say what'd she
do what do you do don't act like you
didn't do anything I know what you did
okay yeah what was bad so I'm going to
start doing stories from the gym okay so
I was running I'm doing the drift into
the treadmill very nice this is me run
it sometimes I go like that I sprint
okay and it's me and then it was a girl
here and two or three other girls right
here right so they're a bunch of girls
me and that's it in the gym so we're
just running yeah hot girls so hot this
guy walks in tribal tattoos kind of
walks in like this so like walks in just
kind of looks at the ladies like that
immediately goes to the radio puts
Hoobastank the reason so all right here
puts the reason on and then it goes like
this right in front of them and just
goes hmm just start slips in the way he
and the whole time I'm hearing the
reason is you I'm not I thought it was
funny stories from the gym with child
yeah take to Marley don't destroy
anything he tries
yeah it's really bad their trees
great advice
hey guys thanks for watching and be sure
to go check out my new video that I just
posted on youtube com / Ali thanks for
watching and be sure to subscribe love
you
you
member
you
Oh
you
