seriously this thing will never get old
will it hey guys good morning okay in
the past couple days I'm just gonna jump
right into this the past couple days
I've been getting lots of comments and
things about day what day was it uh it
was day 688 that's called the end is
near and you guys are really concerned
that I would like past a dead body in
the woods right here I don't know see if
you guys gonna see it
yeah just okay right about okay a couple
seconds like right around here I pass on
the right hand side a dead body you see
it somewhere around there you guys were
like oh my god what is this thing you
need to go back and with the compression
on YouTube it kind of does so I decided
to do some super sleuthing and since I
keep all the on all these hard drives
right here if I have like a billion hard
drives and plus some inside the internal
so I save all the raw files so I popped
open the clip and here's the original
clip right here before it was all
compressed so I'm just gonna show you
right there that's good better so
everyone could stop freaking out okay
wait fix the cap there you go it's just
a bunch of leaves and trees and branches
and sticks so everyone you can relax
wasn't a dead body although kind of did
look like it good morning Internet so I
just had a funny quick story for you I
walked out of my door this morning to go
to class and there was a dog who was
about to go into the apartment across
from mine whipped around and just
started it just so loud yapping at me
and it was so
honey hey scooter the crap but I mean I
ran back inside it was like a shih tzu
it was the tiniest dog in the world it
scared the crap out of me because this
track is quieter look at Ali she's
editing her video
are you gonna adjust a little bit right
there is this video go live on Ali's
channel on on Friday on youtube.com
slash Ali is basically her shopping
spree where she got all the free clothes
and shoes so she's just doing the video
right now
and the coolest thing you're gonna do
that to me the music in here it's the
limousines the guys who did the internet
killed the videostar Eric from the
limousine said Ali could use it for her
song so thank you know if you guys
remember a while ago when I was talking
about how funny it is when people are
talking on Bluetooth headsets and I
think they're talking to me and I was
they mentioned that we should give out
Bluetooth headsets to homeless people
who talk to themselves so they look like
they're doing business so yeah if you
want to check this out it'll be on Ali's
channel actually we're starting a couple
things on Ali's channel we got to go to
the store and preorder a certain video
game because Ali's got a nice little
miniseries a video game miniseries that
her and Justin are gonna be doing and
that's gonna be really really funny so
we gotta go we got to do some errands so
I got to go take a shower because I have
been helping her with that I will be so
no she's not gonna do it I was gonna
laugh so hard she actually peed on the
fire hydrant oh come on
double pee and across the world I just
totally stepped my foot my actual foot
no there's nothing on my foot that's
what you pick up I was okay I was going
to go pick up Zoey's poop yeah that was
on my way to pick up Zoey's where's the
poop eater when you need it you know I
think it can solve this kind of issue is
that we need to just put dung beetles
throughout this entire park
so rose that's like the worst
it smells like bottle as the worst
feeling in the world
you know the worst thing ever when you
step on poo and it's brand new poo is
that you almost slip and fall on your
butt I think the Internet is a
collective like Oh
at the same time cut your hair when
you're sleeping do something you're
being boring okay I'm gonna give you my
impression of Marley when she's pissed
she always like growls at people or dogs
and then just and yeah she always does
she krauser the dog makes them really
scared and they're just did poke some
with a nose I think you I think you get
a kick out of that so funny I gotta try
to fill in that next time is literally
she'll go and growl and then show you
the pokum or lick them around right on
the nose and then continue growling
we're going to pre-order portal 2 right
now cuz Ally wants to play it she's
addicted see ok the thing about me I
push these a couple days on Twitter is
that portals cool it's cool and also is
left for dead but I've been playing
half-life like I haven't been playing it
constantly but I've been I started
playing in 98 when they first came out
and I just want to know who the g-man is
that's that's my hatred towards a portal
and left for dead it's not so much that
I hate it like it's stupid
but it's just because I feel like
they're taking away from Valve's
intention to finish half-life cuz I
don't I don't want to go through my
entire life and be 60 and then finally
be like told the g-man was a lie or
something stupid like you gonna name
like that would be awful we're gonna
preorder it so I gotta go drop the movie
off
we watch the Tron last night that big
fan I thought I'd like it didn't like as
much but but but but but now I dare you
to jump over the bench did he get you do
it wait no no no no oh no you weren't
supposed to do it you're supposed to
hold it from the bottom of your pinky
that's there's a lot of doors we can go
this way
and then he pulled from the bottom yeah
it's I don't know it's not a weird thing
it's it's a better thing because there's
less germs
that's true yes tips privileged herbal
food but what day is this 13 thought you
guys get your taxes done Easter Bunny
wait where are you oh there you are
this is actually kinda hard to control
with the camera we could spy on people I
can see you all
a true would you stop looking at that
store
girls in their makeup want to go
swimming yes we got to go find and see
if we can actually preorder this game do
you think we'll be able to
that was a pleasant surprise we did get
huge
you got nothing Daniel so we went with
we pre-ordered portal I didn't even know
there was a new Mortal Kombat coming out
so we had to get that - oh we gotta go
which way do we gotta go chuckle good
Easter Bunny looks really bored
it's really cool ways that you
it's so weird
oh you got perfect
back up a little
Oh
and shaking your booty and Best Buy
your glittering
you're so elegant
oh my god what does that mean
alright so we got this little thing you
guys told us with the gesso it's like a
PVR HDB personal high definition TV
recorder or whatever so we're gonna try
to mess with that and see what we can
hey scooter bug scoot scoot scoot
so he's so funny when you watch Zoey
Marley walk cuz she has to do twice the
amount of steps so he does good job to
open a door I'm getting lazy and lazier
do everything else for I can open the
door when you can't decide just get him
off would you like a crusty white bagans
one of the cashiers are the bad guy
whatever public so speaking Spanish to
the lady who is ringing us up and we
started taking Spanish to him and we
were like you know it's kind of funny
it's like a seeker up and he's like I
didn't know he's percentage I didn't
know for calling Aaron cuz he's being
pooping he's not hanging out why
oh that Cornell meal whatever it's
called cornmeal get the cornmeal he's
such a wimp
it's just a jalapeno pepper watch this
is what men do
see it's not that bad not that bad I'm
gonna see if I can set this thing up
without Stuart oh I just touched myself
at the ball I was like okay it was it
wasn't it full-on it could have been bad
though no it would see okay usually this
the the rappers are a lot worse right so
I went to rip it and it just yeah like
okay anyway I'm moving on I'll probably
up to cut that out later yeah so Ali's
gonna be doing a brand new mini series
on video games and it won't be the
traditional video games that you guys
think are the sense of like I'm making a
video game miniseries it's going to be
interesting and she's gonna be doing it
with Justin her little brother I
actually older brother who's gonna say
little brother so we got this like cool
it'll capture card you guys actually
told me on our Facebook group what to
get you want to try to open it so I'm
gonna see if I can set this up it's a
snake Zoe run it's a snake
run away you know she doesn't care
all she wants is this that's all she
wants now she's she's forgiven me get
her knee okay I'm getting distracted
well I got it working but the quality's
kind of grab the onion they're zombies
alright let's test this out you think
it's gonna work yeah you think it is it
looks pretty cool the quality is
actually pretty good okay put this down
up we're gonna put this down and we're
gonna see me get killed by a bunch of
zombies
what so what's the backstory zombies
take over arts they don't explain it
actually yes zombies watch your brains
look at this guy guys it looks like it's
working so that's good
okay sorry so that worked awesome alleys
alleys little series is gonna be awesome
ooh I'm sorry I scared you what are you
doing don't do the sad face then
everyone takes your side and makes me
think I'm like a jerk
yeah
you
