Frank is already do all the time
just before it closes you gotta kick it
in already right guys regular elevator
it's not my fault
Frankie told you do it I don't say
anything thought it was cool though I
didn't user and I don't know what you do
all right guys we are going to Melbourne
or Melvin
I think it's Melbourne that's finally
where we're going I finally got it right
dysentery I've said every single one the
wrong time every single time now I did
Sydney River at it again back at the
airport
I don't think it actually long flights I
think
so sometimes on these short flights like
this I kind of wish that we just grow
even though it probably takes six or
seven hours just starting to fall asleep
in the band on an airplane for this
short amount I'm going through the
hassle comply
$90
want to tell them a secret mission that
you're on right now
good morning Internet
I feel like recently you've just been
seeing a whole different side of me so
you're welcome
obviously you saw my sister was over
here a lot earlier there's a big plan
that's happening today well a big thing
that's happening today for Tom we're
actually throwing him a surprise
birthday party at my sister's house so
she had to come over here and get a lot
of things done and then I'm gonna go
grab a few balloons and then get some
other stuff and then head over to her
house I look nuts I don't know what is
going oh I like so crazy I like some
crazy can be an accumulation of like
being sick and
you know everything else in life for
this might sound really stupid but I
have to pick up balloons but I had this
really bad balloon that I got for
Caitlyn's birthday last year and I never
actually used it so I was thinking I'm
going to like Party City and just having
them blow it up but I don't know if they
have rules against that I am just very
very curious because if they don't but
found that to be a little funny but I'm
gonna be buying balloons anyway so if I
buy balloons I wonder if they'll let me
still below that balloon
what ladies love it off
just got to Melbourne you got a show
today
it's like the under-18 show and the
models of hate seen an up show and then
the next day we have a day off following
day adelaide next day is perth and then
we go home what a crazy tour so far and
by the way holy isn't it today Groundhog
Day yeah so today is Groundhog Day so
today is Groundhog Day so today is
Groundhog Day
yeah it's a cheesy dad joke what can I
say I remember taking a photo of these
guys I remember that
yes I I know I have your leaves
everything here so I ended up blowing at
this balloon that I got and yes they do
guys they just charge you for the size
of the bloom a time this one it's this
thing even that's it's a tad girly but
tie it like that and so it all hangs on
it's kind of RAD is it I don't know I
get excited you about the weird things
whatever I'm gonna go grab some ramen
wait wrong let's go
oh look at that
let's go down entertaining travel is the
thing that we're gonna order that has
like the flesh was there like octopus
multi-input
and then heat him up so much of the dish
but they're not alive is just the things
that are just I guess is the heat why
we're here
the middle light
Oh
I could barely get these
terral's is the man of determination I'm
pretty good now that not been deemed
Raman champion it's waving to you wait
how is this supposed to just be like no
it's not alive he's like
notice the fish flakes it's fish skin
well if you order drive want some
octopus balls I would like some octopus
balls but also just make it party this
one little bit
looks like your pineapple on that I did
is it really
sorry that I'm falling into early night
jessica's I'm not feeling that good but
it was a great time it was a really
wonderful time weather dropped
significantly but I think that Tom and
everyone had a really good time at the
birthday party and he was definitely
surprised even said to me he's like I
can't believe you didn't say anything to
me which I never gave boys surprises but
it's nice to see everybody
Tom had a wonderful time and now I need
to get some rest because I am not
feeling good and I just I just gotta get
better we're about to get to go on stage
now I think I had like an ear infection
or an earring
were
pretty much anything
what I think it might be is combination
to be another plane to last
they great now talking
and then doing those eaters all the time
I'm sure that's not good for my years of
probably pushing three earwax
deeper and deeper and deeper in fact
where they had to expect
I don't know what it is personal ads of
attractive suction company it's a stupid
thing outta my
so tomorrow we have a show
here melding control but I'm gonna try
to go to baby
whatever they've got like a warm
everything to kill you in Australia yeah
I don't know it's just really freaking
hurts guy going on stage a little bit
I'm all I'm hoping for is that my
equilibrium doesn't get all goofed up
and I fall off the stage again well my
career I've no stage once I've tripped
on stage
today's show was free awesome I've
always loved coming to see sorry I'm
just I'm kind of I think Mike delirium
is a little offering that was my ear
tomorrow I'm going to try to find a
walking clinic but it's gonna be Sunday
so I think it's Sunday this Saturday so
I'm not quite sure if I'm going to be
able to but I'm gonna try I'm going to
drive to avoid that hospitals and stuff
like that because hey I hate them and be
unfamiliar in at different countries I
honestly think it either is water or a
combination of that and pressure from
flights and stuff like oh say I gotta
show you guys this this is like a
beautiful way to end the night look at
this look at that
that is gorgeous all right the guys are
watching a movie right now I'm falling
asleep as I'm talking
it's February so I just want to start
saying thank you to everyone on the
CTFxC patron so I got to give a couple
shout outs right now first one is megan
marie rile good old mitchell gray and
Kelly Gibson Alec Kiker and she'll be
the bone areata aka we the Anna you know
the girl that dresses up as me for
Halloween awesome and last but not least
anthony asaro
so thank you guys so much for always
being a part of the CTC patron and I
hope you guys are enjoying all the perks
for it those who have no idea what I'm
talking about links down in the
description or click the little I anyway
so I will see you guys tomorrow I'm
gonna get some sleep and then go find
all that stuff I need to for my my ear
balls show is awesome too by the way
actually we're here another two more
days in Melbourne so we have one more
show which is like in all ages and then
we have a day off so it's it's I'm
pretty stoked that we actually get to
sleep for a little bit we won't have to
every single day anyway I'm talking too
long anyway I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a good night I guess
you
