genius I like what I do is so now it has
feels like I get you outside she decides
to nobody ever left in the middle
this time I have a fancy mystery bag at
the middle but I didn't realize it was
negative row and then Thomas fine
there's a zero become moveable things
and the things are super hard as a rock
that's good idea in theory would work if
you work for the past which appears one
piece is our ad about everyone
there's a real kill father yeah man yeah
bro bro
how off the victim there's no armor
glowing armrests around the escape door
it was supposed to make me feel any
comfortable I don't think I want to do
that I think it makes me feel really
uncomfortable doing that
finally just got to VidCon checked into
our hotel we got our little swag bag
kind of all what's inside it and see
what's in here
Oh get an echo dot that's pretty cool
got some headphones that Oroku oh thank
you all I know
and then we got some paper a nice
sweater or footy I guess I should say
it's a party oh look I got a notebook so
you can get this vlog that it's kind of
a frugal home
ya know I got a fire stick Amazon fire
it's good for like hotels rot for sure
receipts for being smarter when
traveling everything is a circle maybe
those things activated it bought the
Apple TV some week part of these
watching watching 30 rock really happy
they did okay I asked to give humans
like it's clever to bring it but it's
like wearing them in see let me actually
got that they might or see be better
we've got a sponsor for Apple TV or Roku
however Apple so don't film everybody
weird we made to VidCon we had a few
little hiccups oh we got here trying to
get it figured out right now we're
actually about to head out to go pick up
hats so I'm super excited I get to trade
in the sample absolutely yeah the
prototype and then we're trying to we're
just trying to get everything squared
away for this weekend
there's so we are talking to I guess
would be one of the coordinators for
VidCon others over 29,000 attendees
29,000 people that are coming to this
which to me is just insane to think
about that 29,000 people here because I
don't I don't really know how many
people come to playlist necessarily but
still some ton of people so we're very
excited to meet a bunch of you to
hopefully meet a bunch of creators too
because I feel like we still don't know
a lot of creators out there and that's
something that I definitely want to do
is we
first things first and tally it has to
find house salad one thing about
California does we never lose the
Mexicans and block evolving so we had to
do that and now we're going to go pick
up a half hopefully be able to maintain
I'm glad to see what they look like you
can finally retire the prototype there
they are
got the Hat now we're going to go back
to the hotel
and open them up and check them out and
then I forgot to tell you guys we have
posters we're going to find a bunch of
posters so that will be at the TFG Babe
Ruth as well as the Hat and then we'll
get a month to get XP merch calm when we
get home are you ready big bucks away
with three big boxes listen I heard the
internet came up so perfect such good
dad hats we gotta bring back a little
dad hats I live on the Internet
that was like the one we have okay cool
they're not real name I like that and
they're not really nice now let me see
the other one ready
he'll open the window like so funny to
me Hey all right left hat morning
okay we have two more huh wait do we
know we have one more about my favorite
ones Dale it went for the vlog cool
let's go huh yeah came out really good
dad hat whoa so all four of these will
be at the VidCon dftba booth go get them
before they sell out because we only
brought this many as all we brought for
VidCon Holly Brock can you figure it out
no you push it it's weird right I feel
like an idiot like Angie now that's a
temperature oh yes you gotta have it man
three okay so this was a lot more
intense so what happened I was going to
Charl honey some weird get outta here
get outta here right now time to get to
work the new posters are finally here
and we're going to start signing them
we're going to have them at the dftba
booth as well and then we'll have them
on CTFxC waves calm so you want to sign
the first one you know we should do is
add like little like secrets like
drawing like I'll put a Wi-Fi sticker my
wife I figure I'll draw a Wi-Fi on one
random one on random one we're gonna do
random little design like very limited
ones so we're throwing in little fun
things like there's a smiley alley has a
smiley think there's some wife eyes in
there right on there you drew a heart in
there I'm gonna get my mustache - no
don't do that and then I want to do how
do I draw a pig I won't draw up a I want
to ruin it
you're like a
how about do a concrete I don't think I
can even draw a laundry I could draw a
stickman who is the one lucky person
here they thought that's a negative
statement if you get this one please
tweet me so I always been figuring out
how to write her new name egg scribble W
scribble
part of a B G - T scribbles wife there
we go
Ali was trippy and I'm sure you can
totally get that from that
alright this is gonna have a Wi-Fi
that's kind of a big heart there yep
their Wi-Fi Ali is going to do one
special one which is going to have a pig
face on it is a specialty fish not
really no I'm doing well now it's one of
the kind literally one of one I think
it's funny
I like it well by the way I think I
forgot to tell you guys we're signing a
bunch of these obviously to the booth
however if you're at the meet greet
we're going to have a bunch of or a few
a limited amount at the merch
meet-and-greet so in the line if you
guys want to get a poster and have a
physically silent it's going to be first
come first serve so try to get there
early I guess I was really sure how it
would be great to go at this time but if
you see one of the people that are
selling it try to get it from them as
soon as possible we really hope you guys
love the Hat I think what we're really
excited for it's like we always release
cool posters and cool merch okay here
too we always really cool stuff but we
never get that like release it first at
VidCon or playlist and it's like our
first time try Alec way to do it
we're always very late and it's like
first time trying it and I think we're
really excited to be all finally doing
well so you can you know I got hfxs this
game yeah exactly I later jammed your
finger buuuut like the door shut way to
that full containing
it's all semantics turn words my words
my language
you got a heap of PG you know got our
first child's first four is gonna be
like your baby curtain they dad say mama
I would laugh my ass off my face I say
Amen
oh I was trying to dance with you I was
gonna dance
I didn't do it the door did you should
sue the hotel and your see yourself in
the city like look in the mirror on that
base my guys gone old age
shut up got to show you this awesome
room okay
over here some Joseph Hale just want to
show everything over here look at before
the creative tip get an open bar that's
cooking doesn't glow seat we're good
threatened Sheena dismally gets me glue
John Day one usually really have
we're hanging out with our friends Gina
and just kind of chillin in the lobby
which is usually not something we're
able to do because these are very hectic
life yeah that's the best part but this
time VidCon is separated a little bit
there's two different hotels one hotels
are a mile away the other one is the one
that's normally right next to VidCon was
kinda nice a lot of creators and just
kind of hanging out
that with a Alek yes out fasabi you guys
know him and just a couple cool people
that we've known for years and years and
years we waiter if you didn't know we do
waiter plays in one of my favorite band
Driftless Pony Club check them out from
your playing Friday
so right now Allie and I are just having
some margaritas in fact I'm gonna get to
have
a huge map actually really asked about
I'll have to prove one thing that helps
I never do
the blue jacket
Disneyland man didn't land they look
real
that's totally real we're going to try
to do does it come in a big time is
we're going to try to do a lot of
walking around the meet and greet
tomorrow when you're watching this video
run over at noon look at all means I
don't know whatever it is called big one
a big tough it done well actually it
isn't even started well free VidCon it's
like pre VidCon it's actually really
good we got to hang out with a bunch of
cool people by cool I mean just me by
Ali anyway I will see you guys tomorrow
as always don't forget to subscribe and
I will see you guys it's a gun
peace love and that's it took up all
close by
