CTFxC for the win whoa I don't know if
you guys can see all the you know those
little I think they're called dandelions
where you blow on them and then they go
flying everywhere like a whole bunch of
them right over there that's cool see
that plant
I don't hate and I will not stump unless
it tries to kill me again all right
check it out guys it totally was the
tunnel look at that
that was totally the tunnel oh yeah it's
so funny we walked right over there to
to to to to to to and then we walked
right dinner and then Lizzie said it
smelled like pee over there that's
pretty awesome
oh boy so I just did my presentation for
my linguistic boss I just added a dress
all fancy schmancy and I'm pretty sure I
missed like an entire chunk of data
which kind of stinks but I feel like I
did okay I don't know people said I did
all right
it was super nerve-wracking though it's
so funny I don't at all have a problem
talking to people hardly ever and I
really am pretty frequently
participating in class discussions but
when I have to do a presentation I get
so nervous does that happen to you guys
like I don't know if you've ever had to
do a presentation but I had to talk for
20 minutes and it was a little bit
strenuous so you should rethink the
whole teacher plan so I hear you guys
met my mister by mr. pet monster I use
okay remember when Conan O'Brien used to
do those like Arnold Schwarzenegger
things with little mouths would move on
his photo photo and he'd be like the
back the one thing I can remember I'm
always saying is like is go watch jingle
all the way
it's the greatest movie of
that was my bad iron impression so since
that one kid made the CTFxC with Conan
also did you notice he switched the CBF
xi2 it made it actually Conan actually
Stacy I doing magic since he did that I
was like you know what I would I want to
do the hold Conan tribute today
so I don't know if any of you guys
caught that but towards the end of the
night last night I started getting
really really nauseous my stomach was
really kind of like starting to suck I
don't know every time I get on a plane
the next day I'm always just like lit
you know that's me getting sick
so today I've been pretty much getting
everything organized for moving calling
movers renting trucks getting the
internet set up so when we move we
actually have internet because the first
time I ever moved when I first moved out
my parents house I forgot to do that and
it took like a week and a half so I had
a week and a half without internet
it was pretty hardcore don't know how I
survived that one so we're gonna be
moving when are we moving I don't think
we're moving yeah we're moving race kick
so just after CTFxC celebrates our third
year of continuing daily videos so
unless unless you don't want me to I
mean I guess I don't have to continue
I'm just kidding I'm going to totally go
into mushroom wonder if I eat that if
I'm gonna get a powerup actually don't
eat that you bribed I I'm gonna totally
steal Duncan rocks joke right now this
is totally credit to Duncan drock's okay
I'm gonna tell you guys a joke
what did Mario say to the green mushroom
quit trying to one-up me all the time
but I'm pumped
I like that you don't know who Duncan
Ross is Google um it's funny mushroom
mushroom
don't bring it to me good girl good girl
you guys want to know an embarrassing
fact I can't whistle
yeah I'm just hearing those birds I'm
like I wish I could do that see watch
this what happens when I try to whistle
I can't do it
come on dude let's go and then there's
those people that can go like like that
okay guys yeah I can't do it today I
can't do it that's the fact about me I
can't whistle
this is turn this around let's do a
little sharing time in the comments tell
me one fact that you want to share with
us that other people don't know tell me
tell me in the comments I can't whistle
it doesn't have to be incriminating
embarrassing how is she going to do
dude look baby foxes
you guys can't see him they're soaked
they look like Marley oh this one in the
woods yeah so I was driving home and
those two little guys they look like you
the other like little wild Marley's
what's wrong with you I know you want to
go see the little wild doggies no you
have to stay no you have to stay so I
got my flashlight we're gonna go see if
we can uh go find them going on fox hunt
what are we gonna find we're gonna find
oh sorry excuse me ma'am where were you
on the night of February 14th 2007
walk that line walk a straight line
please
ma'am you're wasted ma'am
you're wasted what
oh yes blinded yourself are the iPhone
thing flashing lights okay we gotta be
quiet you have to be really quiet we
don't want to scare them we were just
discussing are these things called like
fox cubs
I think the fox pups right it's called
fox pups all right we're over here okay
so if the mama fox comes we run where is
he
that might scare them oh yeah
what happened was when I was leaving
they were getting what happened was they
were too close to the road so I kept
honking my horn to get him away from
that's why I found them yeah they're
gone good yeah and then they went where
they go and then they went into their
the foxholes oh well well you got to see
him a little bit into the foxhole
yeah I don't see him my little
searchlight we got to see him a little
bit
is that better Garrity LLB I can it
won't it doesn't pick it up but no no no
you got to do the butt dance like butt
butt butt butt butt butt like that on
the side of the road
I know side of the road people just
there we go it doesn't look scary at all
I'm starting to realize why he's nobody
likes flashlights so much a lot of fun
yo Charlie Levine Department yo like
that Charlie
don't you even do that no that is not
some you know she answered that Charlie
come on don't do me like that
I don't know what I'm doing hi guys we
try to find the Fox Charlie thanks a lot
yes yes yes yes yes yes so we are you
drunk
oh I don't get help people don't like
water you know some people just can't
drink water yeah
the coolest couple that is on YouTube
can't wait to see what they did today
it's coming up and I can hardly wait the
internet killed the TV and we will keep
them enough you will see cuz you and me
a CTFxC gonna view the body this Charles
Trippy and he'll leave don't forget so
we had my lead
we're gonna watch the vlog
we are CTFxC
