getting your slicky on again yeah she
comes out to go to bathroom which is
lays in the Sun recharging CTFxC for the
win a little munching let's go inside
know about you enjoying it too really
dude now you're not going oh wow least
this is a nice day out in Florida okay
they're just got go and i really want to
film her I don't want to scare can I say
fifteen percent of more on my car
insurance so cool we ran away damn pep
talk you know going in bushes no going
to the trees a rolling in taupe no
eating poop no eating beetles she's
yelling at my do nothing that you would
normally do yeah being a very good dog
ready brick
now they're off some flowers why help
this flower has like little like prickly
things like a cactus ah yes there's like
little pickles in my finger oh ok well i
was gonna get those for you stupid power
so you get that's what he gets yes it
bit me I think I'm like one of those
people that would die without you it's
like eat like Windex or something ah
it's blue kool-aid hour it's like it's
like out it's like really oh it's like
it started here and now it's over here
now so it's touch everything it touches
ah it really hurts I'll trial it now
what was that I don't know but it
happened to me when we were going to
slide ice cream it's done my whole foot
like my whole foot started hurting I
really I'm not messing around that
really yeah that little gash right there
just let's just let it be don't find be
fine internet making fun of me I guess
the Pooh Beatles are more important oh
yeah Marley heard it sixer head make a
into that alley don't let her eat that
though he's chasing another bumblebee
you're so weird how come you're like
chasing bumblebees found more than
deadly fire flower fu flower fu so
deceitful like nice and pretty up here
within deadly down here Ali gets food
poisoning yesterday and I get flour
poisoning today of course i'm using a
leaf bit there to keep the the power of
the plant away from me you not I would
never put an ear out I just wanted to
show to you just wanted to show you how
crazy it looks so you're thinking face
no I was looking at because it's not
himself
know what that is this'll we'd all right
I'm gonna stop talking about flowers
sleep cuz it's funny where are your
realize I don't know i have a fivehead
logging you flogged the turtles why do
you like you can you fucking flogging
the turtles it's a very special moment
we're having a live show right now oh my
ah
all right I don't even know what's going
on ready just in case your patch were
asleep hi everyone hmm i'll just bring
you guys yawn I've just been so out of
it today every time I fly the next day
I'm just like completely knocked out I
think well this weekend was kind of a
busy got a crazy weekend I cannot
believe the amount of CTFxC Ruiz that
showed up at the store in New York City
that was unbelievable was really kind of
funny too there were so many of you that
the owners were kind of concerned that
maybe the fire marshal was gonna get
called because yeah yeah we were we were
gonna hit capacity you guys are
literally bringing down the house it's
always so fun like meeting you guys like
you know it'd be able to put like a face
to your username because a lot of people
like they come up to me I recognized
from Twitter people at replying or even
when they say their names I can remember
the comments your user the comments that
they leave on the video but it's always
going to go to put like basis to user
names so I don't know these mean greets
are just getting more and more crazy
more and more fun I just have to like
thank you guys for being so pretty much
hardcore awesome and all around fighting
it you know what I mean like you guys
are just old you guys are a ball full of
fun because without you guys I would not
be making these videos it's true it's
well I would be but no one would be
watching them except my mom and Ali's
mom all that talk of cloverfield is that
all that could talk of cloverfield
yesterday made me want to go and and
watch it but I don't own it so go get it
I want to see if that was the tunnel
because if it is I was gonna have a nerd
moment yes I know you can't hear Wyatt
right now because I have my headphones
plugged in to avoid an echo but they
just reach over 1000 viewers on their
blog TV show so yeah right there he's
saying that he's freaking out and he's
gonna run outside alright sweet got the
movie
okay what I was looking for the cheesy
horror monster whatever flicks you want
to call it there's this movie it's kind
of funny that I'm bringing this up
because it kind of sneak result six with
a whole talking about an octopus 43
vlogs I have no idea how to skip
happening but have you guys heard of
sharktopus yes a shark octopus that's
why I was thinking the exact same thing
that you're thinking right now that is
amazing a shark octopus that is
unbelie-- I hope the military develops
one of those cuz that is utterly amazing
that's kind of scary because it could go
on land right couldn't use his hands and
go on land have any of you guys seen
that movie it was just I'm just I'm
taking for my words or just big
I have nothing else to say other than
shark doctor I had nothing else to say
except Sharktopus
and there's a bug on my windshield I had
nothing else to say except sharktopus
and there's a bug on my windshield get
off my windshield mr. Berg spud I'm
gonna switch it up today and what I want
to try to do something at mcdonald and
try to make a buffalo chicken sandwich
the steak fries sounds delicious I don't
have to say popped in my head I was like
I should try to do that not too shabby
not too shabby hey guys its me mr.
super-scary monster you just wanted to
say rawr you scared yet I'm totally
scary anyway Charles wanted me to
apologize for him because he's so stupid
in such a noob that he couldn't do
himself that he's kind of not feeling
good cuz the airplane goos new germs and
things like that he's not you know
strong like me like a super monster that
could eat the Statue of Liberty in your
face yeah he's speaking at which you
don't click like I'm gonna tell you eat
your face so you might want to do that
cuz I'm a monster and I'll just gobble
gobble gobble gobble your face don't
make me do that I'll just gobble your
face she eat it all up anyway Charles
said he'll see tomorrow and he does
apologize but I go because I'll monster
and I don't really care so I'll see you
guys no wait Charles will see you i
don't know maybe he'll let me come back
so could I guys are
yeah now it's time to sit down and you
the coolest couple that is on YouTube
can't wait to see what they did today
it's coming up and I can hardly wait the
internet killed the TV and we will keep
them enough you will see cuz you and me
on CTFxC gonna view the body the charles
trippy and alli don't forget Zoey and
Marley we're gonna watch the vlog ed cuz
we are CTFxC
