good morning guys actually it's more of
a late morning Ali is currently getting
ready and she just told us she's gonna
be a sofa central park so we are going
to go to Central Park we haven't been
there in a while she's waiting on Ali
and a cab battleship with aeroplanes
whoa jets
oh and that's a giant Penske truck
brought to you by head ski area well
what is that thing may be there at the
end black one oh my god is that a
stealth bomber hey guys remember that
that wasn't worth an epic snowball fight
of doom Lord bike rental bike rental was
right the bikes what am i right I feel
so bad like getting on those things and
have people like pedal me around first
we need like five people
oh yeah no totally I feel until they
Google their wikipedia idiot so fill
this point of this out naked kind of
look like it but I thought it was more
of a field was it more of a field right
here I don't know the Cloverfield tunnel
does that look like the Cloverfield town
when it sits bridge and it's dark it's
the globular going this is so amazing
yeah I feel like there was like a field
yeah well I don't remember I go home
watch a movie I movies so awesome doing
that lets recreated oh yeah yeah ADR the
lady are going on over there this kind
of a creepy little I wouldn't want to go
through here at night the perks it's
actually a really good bathroom so some
really shot that scene would love with
the words would beat up the homeless guy
is it really oh I was like mr. Hill
knows all the imd oh yeah yeah it also
could be the one with a kiss kiss bang
bang when they're coming out like this
the guys come over is coming out and
then the cars behind him yeah yeah look
at that a lot of movies can you think
about can you guys think of a movie in
Central Park with the tunnel let's play
a game
like that's where 789 was in a best of
off I was over there I can i want to say
we're lazy but really not we're going
over the rock instead of going through
the entryway what was that Nickelodeon
guts like you were saying tiger I
totally wish I had one of those that was
right that was my childhood dream to win
that we can do this vlog at the same
time sweet I feel like I caught with
something pork or I learned hardcore
parkour lost wish you parkour yeah this
is where 789 was xerion Brandon
desecrating the rock don't wear L
vlogging it was good a million views
julie d falls down rock I'm like oh I'm
starting to see ya it is actually kind
of bad where's blends me help yeah
where's Ally we're good we're good I'm
nah it's like 127 hours wait what
happens at the end of that movie we have
to get your own phone oh crap good i
made it ok 31
walk
oh look at that second baseman Oh
through so lucky man week second baseman
opens everything up unless you have a
Yunel Escobar who's gonna know I know
he's gonna cross do a tow truck on the
way yeah now that's it I said where are
you you're way over there to jumping
jacks do some jumping jacks nice are not
get your butt over here you're crazy way
to join us feel better Ali remember
yesterday I was talking about the raw
the raw beef guess who got sick New York
is like playing really Frogger across
the street it's awesome you get me axon
on one set even I'm just his teammate
running right here guys disguise
explaining how black ops works black ops
hotels in my FL are you distracted right
now so he's not even listen to me you're
just an eye around he's gonna go over
the Y key inches away from the flank
right i mean he go solo maybe around the
base he's son of the flag they're gonna
be out with you
watch Bernie would you like a glass of
water feels like it's like one of those
things where you put your flower right
in it and then you're just like jump in
the water house that you're drinking
I was embarrassed this is who you are
columbus circle hi so she was at the
meeting greet yesterday and she wanted
to celebrate your birthday again so what
is this you would eat he had to poke a
hole she's so I feel like I want you to
do oh it explode yeah yeah thank you so
much oh I that's me to you yeah it was
really super nice oh we got booked the
whole don't get into specific type of my
fingers huh
go for it oh now go go go quick quack
quack oh it's slow oh no you can do
better than that
sleeping buckle
what's wrong what they were
we made it again even though they threw
away your toothpaste you want to tell me
what else you did Oh Ali left her cell
phone in the in the car but we still
made it we're actually on time we're too
particular this keeps falling off my
shoulder anyway um so I have some bad
news apparently Zoe destroyed her blue
octopus Christine and Eric just told me
before that now that's the bad news
right now if that states the bad news
yeah I think that's a totally destroying
or octopus so this is Zoe destroying our
octopus it looked the eyes the glare
she's giving the camera since we were
gone she's pissed
yeah guitar she's test getting on plane
getting on the plane we gotta go outside
to get on that plane whoa we got here
we help me included
it's kind of cool though just getting on
old fighter jet you know that's really
cool
a tornado watch keep us in the play as
if that little plane save us from some
sort of tornado
if we replied how many miles over here
500 miles
so there's like three or four
we're up to silly Mai
stars like a jet you know we just have
two Jet's now the billionaire jet
to the view movie makes it on your jet
hey you
the entire concisely meds
get some pizza or maybe man Cisco yeah
reporting down a gallon
federal regulations require that carries
my funding to do I urge a thank you Mary
I grab the seat belt and one again well
my local one favorite one the person was
Emily Lewis Melton seriously like how
small do you think this person was tiny
little you want it was a little bit
yeah it on yourself now that's really
cool that is really small NEX time mi
try yes yes that was rude very rude
we're home ciao yeah you know what it's
really bad as I got I was like ah it
feels like we're floating right now hi
sup see what they do it's gonna be loud
is that the destroyed octopus everyone
here you're attached to Zoe's collar
somehow that's so weird are you guys
happy there's we already tired you took
it out running around hi Zoe the
internet missed you we missed you too
okay you want to explain this after two
years you finally destroyed it or did
you do it octopi octopuses ah Allie's
straight which is like I'm so hungry so
we are now home and it feels good feels
really good I will see you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna pass can take a shower i got
plain germs all over me
see what you did
where's ePSXe
giddy with child trippy
let's see
us with Trippi an early
