holy crap look at this bad head that is
some stylish hair isn't that that is
some stylish hair she's got on the city
like that you think I like it like I
call it the I just slip my finger in a
light socket and poured water on it I'm
still working on the name father day I'm
so excited we have a full day of
shopping ahead of us we're gonna go to
the croc store later to do some really
really fun shopping with Lindsay and
felon Charles but right now we're going
wedding-dress shopping even though it's
like 40 degrees that's still a gorgeous
day I remember last time we were here it
was like snow like pure snow cool blue
that is by far the fancy is Best Buy I
think I've ever seen all these
storefronts are just cracking me up like
columns in front of Home Depot that's
not something I think I've ever seen
before
it's the park remember when this was
like where the no no where the snow was
up to the top of the fences so now you
can get a perspective on happy that was
sorry about my vlogging skills not very
good
anywho ezel Ali and Lauren just went to
the wedding shop autism to bright it's
really bright oh okay this is gonna be
really bright ready I'm actually really
kind of melting that is really hot we're
gonna close that right now yeah they're
at the wedding shop and then we have to
meet up at the store and then they
basically get to go on a shopping spree
today and I'm gonna film it for Ali's
channel she's filming this little
shopping spree video for her channel to
youtube.com slash Ali channel so I'm
gonna fill it with the 70 make it look
super awesome this is gonna edit it up
and put it on our Channel
oh wow I love it she's so sad that she
couldn't be here let me see the front I
just use the tool on the front
oh you did that's a lot of dress around
I love it I was great on yeah right
hello world it's Tuesday no day another
chance just kidding sorry DeStorm I love
you little freaked out right now I just
chose my wedding gown but I can't show
you guys here okay so I just drop my
weight again Oh
anyway sorry about that I just know that
I'm done so you will see November 20th
of this year what I choose
that's huge that's awesome
and this road is all cobblestones the
car rides like that's where we're going
I know I'm sorry I'm late I am so late
it is so unprofessional
but we're here now
so we just across store now and now
there's over there picking stuff up as
you can see work is supposed to be here
I don't know they're they already got
the sign set up for 79 so hopefully this
is what's happening Ali is to take three
or four pairs of shoes and then get
three or four outfits to match it so
it's like a girls shopping dream she's
over there now having fun Lyndsey
he's definitely having fun a little
shopping spree best buy if you're
watching I'll totally totally go on a
shopping spree over there all right
we're on to shopping shopping place
number one le pretty excited on this
they were like hey you want to come to
New York City and go shopping yes I have
to go I'm with a bunch of girls filming
so you're a bunch of you with a bunch of
gorgeous ladies that's true that's true
that's true
stairway to hell it's kind of scary
looking
no it's from When Harry Met Sally
but uh that yeah that infamous scene
where I'm not going to recreate it they
wouldn't want a shot at cranberry shots
of orange juice doppelganger
doppelganger game yeah okay see I don't
feel so stupid now
there we go internet internet who who is
Lindsey's doppelganger
I want to go to there all right we're at
shot number DOS actually we're right by
the time square I think it's like right
over there
Lindsey Phil and Brendan weren't able to
make it because of traffic so it's just
us right now oh and by the way we just
learned something new Monaco do you want
to explain okay everyone the plural form
of octopus actually is not octopi we
just looked it up it's octopus yes
Wikipedia if you don't believe me
Wikipedia I just did I didn't believe
her it's true it's true so I learned
something new today I am very happy
Thank You Monica random facts is
probably what it's like being in a cop
car with all the credit cards all
soundproofed so many people it's like
it's New York City or something I have
back up now back up yeah back up I was
by myself it was no actually I guess it
was a good thing because Charles is such
a nice guy and he's helping yeah now I'm
here I killed it I basically guilt trip
breathe yes they have the kilt and
everything we're just sitting outside of
stores with bear heads very strange and
the girls in there trying on stuff I'm
on break right now
I was put on break I was like just go
say just go hang out with Phil right now
I'm trying on stuff literally George's
on yeah exactly
time and a half
Oh apparently the Kardashians at their
store so while she's distracted we are
now on our way look at that I'm wearing
a tie look it I can wear things other
than those shorts see everyone judged
everyone judged look how pretty Ali
looks and a new outfit no new shoes Mike
my chucks are awesome look at those
chucks that's pretty cool on our way to
the Crocs store right now
that's a heroin about totally dis
macgyvered in being dangerous sticking
my head on the window
okay so we were starting to come in now
I just wanted to show you guys these
okay
two guys we're just robbed on their way
here you want to tell the story really
quick we got the cars that look mark and
I guess it wasn't the guy drove 10 miles
limpia now
waiting
thanks for you guys coming out I mean
this is gonna be they turn on us that
you're right here this is Mike he's
challenging me this is one out of one
favor yes so I just wanna put Lauren in
the vlogs
she's been watching since I was
complaining about flying for the first
time and I was almost in tears like I
was deathly afraid this was a host seven
so it's very rare that actually make
somebody's been watching for five years
so everyone say hi
mayhem is finished
one two three this is where Fred gets
her voice are his boys hey I'm just
painting off just I was like got to go
party for your birthday
you guys want some duck conscious policy
escort god we've got to get it from the
horse servers as care God's horse
servers
how about some chatter good lord
you guys want to get that and you know
half these do I get to show you
something I didn't know existed
as far as something yes I like I'm very
enticing
we're trying to find the hotel hello and
behold we have not found our hotel
that's an awesome painting though
screwdriver thing at the top that's uh
that's that hasn't been used in 12 yeah
please watch your sodium like we're
going into like some dizzy big adventure
that's killed
yes
with child tripping
with Josephine early
