hey everyone so today we are heading to
New York City again but we have a late
flight so we're actually gonna be flying
out of Tallahassee this time so we
didn't have to drive all the way
Sarasota because Christine and Eric are
gonna watch these little dudes for us
that way we don't have to drive 10 hours
just to Sarasota so that's good oh it's
magic but yeah we don't leave until like
8pm tonight so we're not gonna get in
till probably about 12 a.m. which kind
of sucks but I'm still looking forward
to it because I love neyo City kept
singing like that I felt really bad so
I'm walking the dogs right now and
letting him run around and do the dog
things cuz every time I pack is oh he
gets this like she gets in his weird
mode where she goes and hides more so
than she does now certain Marley never
hunted so felt really bad because they
can tell that something's happening got
a spider I swear if there's a spider on
with the bug shut up shut up anyway yeah
so they can always tell when something's
going on so I felt bad so I'm gonna let
run around and got a few hours to kill
I've been slacking today I've been
trying to just get everything taken care
of the USC what I'm packing okay I have
one t-shirt for this claim yep we're
good we got two t-shirts um got some
underwear boxers for those asking I'm a
boxer's guy you know what I mean and
then for the meetup I decided I would be
a little fancy this time and where a
nice little dress shirt and a tie what
do you guys think improved proof or I'm
gonna wear my cutoff shorts oh look at
they're not pink or purple guys always
making fun of my shorts there we go
already packed that's all I'm bringing I
could put that in like a grocery bag I
wonder what Ali's Creek she had to go to
the mall with Christine really quickly
to get some stuff I mean we're only
going to be there we're gonna land
tonight midnight so it's already
saturday and then we leave on Sunday so
we're gonna be there a day I feel like
we can get without a bag
have to bring the camera because i was
going to film a video while out there
for a channel you're gonna watch her see
you're gonna have fun she'll give you
lots of carrots and she's like wait what
maybe this will be awesome so we're just
waiting for Ali because she forgot her
camera yes the camera can't believe it
like the one the one thing and one thing
that she needs for this trip everyone
shits a shame shame all the cameras
dirty we're on time yay for actually on
time we are a 3 this is why it's awesome
flying and either into Tallahassee or
Sarasota airport we were the only ones
in security hey we could be we can go
five minutes before the flight and still
make it so cool versus like camp or JFK
or Orlando Oh God Orlando's terrible too
it took you 21 21 seconds to realize
they're staying here this is one tiny
tiny plane then usually the smallest
will never do that on my head was like
the ceiling
mississippi
there were good even getting clearer
than 80 findings of our efforts product
what my reach I think we're going out
they'll be coming I think that my far is
the most amazing take on a guy and
winter break from using portable
electronic devices and tellar Prime it's
surreal
I just don't get how clouds aren't solid
let's call it
I paper tears it's all his airplane
we've ever been on
back and forth
Allie's addicted
you're like walking like a superhuman
get a noise yes ABCD I'm a good walk way
back there because it's so loud look at
you you look just run like Hulk I was
looking at my ticket on the back I don't
know if you can see that Ali trying to
practice her new name you gotta touch
the right side
hello
that's New York
where's getting cold
like oh there's this look fall great
above it it's like we're here we landed
this so I want to tell you a little
story we weren't able to sit next to
each other at first because i was in
middle see how that was middleton seat
it was a packed no plane so there was a
guy on the aisle and i have i would I
just politely go excuse me sir tapped
his shoulders like I have to sit right
there he goes like them you understated
like my life said oh yeah and then okay
then he stood up and he goes like this
oh yeah it was so ridiculous so it's
just like well I'm sorry sir you're on
the aisle so I have to get by you anyway
sorry we had to meet up with our guy
anyway he was really coughing
he's very angry guy and the guy next an
ally was like no one up I'll move so he
switched and he took one for the team
and yeah it was I don't know you're
sitting on the Isle of an airplane you
have to get up you know it's like the
same mentality it's like when you go to
a movie theater kept to the bathroom and
you're like oh excuse maps are at go to
bathroom and they flip out the end of
the world I don't know this is funny how
stressful people are like when they're
on an airplane and guess what I should
not have been wearing shorts it's
freezing Oh get in the car
this is a fancy elevator it's all wood
hi all right we got to get the bed test
this is hien oh yeah I ready go welcome
to our hotel where the bed eat your feet
oh you might be wondering why lawrence
here ali and uh I'll and her are going
wedding dress shopping wall in New York
holy crap there's a phone next to the
toilet we're going hop culture were okay
we're starving or trying to find pizza
we just went around oh that's the place
we just talked about yeah cool blue oh
that's why I couldn't find it was
spelled BL 0 0 0 i spelled blue we just
went around in circle so much food look
at this now he's freaking out right
there sure everyone comes with macaroni
and cheese mashed potatoes automatically
that's like a dream come true well it is
about 2 30 and the what oh yeah we got
to go to bed Ali's waking up at eight
o'clock or supposedly waking ab eight
o'clock right and then then we gotta go
shopping all day tomorrow so i apologize
today he's been a little weird as far as
like it i was editing it and it was just
so weird because I queer Tallahassee
then all of a sudden tonight and there
were in New York City so I apologize
today was a little weird but we did have
a lot of traveling and we're just
playing catch-up right now so i will i
will see you guys tomorrow I promise
miles to be pretty amazing myself in
your play what like mustard what's that
mean oh shut up it's a quarry alright
well I'll see you guys later good night
and we'll see you tomorrow
you
can't wait to see what you did
hardly wait
hey where's the BF x
giddy with y'all trippin
photography
don't forget going
