hey check this out guys that's we the
kings they have the spotlight feature
today and if you scroll down they
selected the pillow fight had to be on
the front page so big thanks to we the
kings it's really cool them I did this
city girl that I just found oh so cute
like bringing your feet hey it's so
pretty and I'm late to class I have to
go so Christine just inform me that she
had a very interesting youtube theme to
dream last night what was it a dream
there's something called YouTube
softball and which all the youtubers
were put into teams and I was like a two
day event perhaps they played each other
to see was the best and I sang the
star-spangled banner and it was
beautiful i'm sure um well I don't know
do you know who won jay carlin probably
probably that's so awesome and now I'm
thinking we need to form a YouTube
softball team like why don't we do that
you're cleaning the robot the robot
anyone is little we are the air cans or
just like a air compressor you're a very
duty rubra to such a dirty rabbit what
you just met all that looks like you
Marley that totally does I know no they
got the belly right all the little spots
yeah like yeah I'm kissing myself yay
yeah
you carrying your own leash is still
reading we're waiting on her tell her to
hurry up sharp robot how it looks like
they're filming something here you can't
really see what it is though yeah that's
probably the film school or something
it's pretty cool this is Roy I'm going
I'm watching the videos of those two
fellows from Israel
and we were walking by it is like
where's the camera I'm gonna be one day
I'm going to be on this video you are no
it'll be on tomorrow it'll be on
tomorrow won't say anything to everybody
well now i want to say anything to the
LA I want you have the whole world I
want the peace and everything and I want
people to come to the governance by some
straighteners what's this video man I
see you later dude take care I just have
to show you is OE right now she's like a
hoover watch this get a Joey watch out
fast she'll get all that 13 second ready
Zoe go get it good Oh barleys open jeez
you're fast even under the roof of the
washing machine oh you just need out of
there alright guys enjoy your dinner
they're like pigs get out of your food
trough
of course you stop when I start filming
you you little brat she was a rolling
all over the flip it's a bit of a puppet
yeah way to play it off like your ish in
your ear you were totally gonna lick
your badge so he's coming home easy Oh
listener just when you think it's over
starts back up again and you said you
weren't a dancer I feel like you'd be
wearing a grass skirt okay right the
right there Burgundy look you're not
pink pants internet paint cans you're
sure it is lilac though like let's talk
the snow come here often you're such a
weirdo on hold with the hotel for New
York you guys come to New York come to
the croc store hey come hang out
saturday you don't get to meet him just
me ha ha ha okay Lindsay come to the
croc store it's a small store with uh
actually I think it'd be really cool if
we can I fill the entire story oh hey I
was just hey y'all got houses grew in
here hold music looking now I'm gonna
parking lot and now I'm in a car crap is
that that's a guy just laying there yeah
I thought it was like a dead body but
then there was a bunch of I guess that's
a homeless guy cuz there's a bunch of
beer bottles everywhere it's really
that's really depressing the sea
want to help them and now back home did
you like my editing magic stretch always
stretching steal steal steal it get back
that's right do you want look at those
eyes like you didn't do anything wrong
Joey one got our bone oh really I don't
know I do it again do what you just did
again come on do it again so weird oh
man look at that farmers tan on my foot
sandal tan it's pretty bad hey wiener oh
there you are you want to carry it there
you go little princess so Zoe went over
here did she not she got the bone out
started chewing on it and then you came
and stole it today's been in like a zoe
marley day it's been the zoe marley show
hasn't it Ali's been she's writing her
paper want her final paper in
linguistics so it's bother her which one
is it in literature okay and it's all in
spanish how do you say keratin smash how
no idea okay i still want to take care
so what are you writing about well my
face is dating Theda what identity
crisis oh it's really hard for me to
speak in English when I'm writing
spanish i'm like why I shouldn't bother
you then I like trying no I mean I'm
fine but I just like I almost spoken
Spanish to explain it um sorry in
Spanish it'll state in Spanish so that
way they have to have a translator
somebody who's know spanish has to
translate in the comments ok state in
Spanish well locust ice cream unless
question documento sobre el cuento
inventories d'etre VK just tweet the
poor soul of Puerto dies hey Jack please
joe cocker's autobiographical ok stuffy
in the que es que esta so it would stir
booty Thunder for the novela la estoy
utilizando umm al gonna just rest
no such matter what I'm just laughing
cuz people if I like I have no idea what
she's saying okay no no I want so I want
a spanish-speaking CTFxC really
Christmassy solo que se lo que estoy
discutiendo nel documentos que la altura
esta usando sus experiencias para verdad
a C&R un poco como ella con el lector
pero meses con una krisdayanti dad
porque tiene algunos puess tiene hijos
que son de un padre americano yadira
sola en hey ella vive sola madrid con
dos hijos y SE SE para las más y ojos
SI SE ojos y los hijos facade condo what
is that oh sorry are you kidding Oh
fidgeting oswego my integra mantras a
showy now I'm gonna read a novel spoken
Spanish k ready gays okay whoever's
translating nests am sorry my quest Expo
gravure track resist aant de ser
escritura mujer dos dos cuando pensamos
en la literatura desmo jerez espanolas
una cosa que encontramos en mucho cuento
femininas la cuestión de identidad y el
papel de la mujer la SE cierra SI NOS
besamos especificamente las obras de so
Vedas Puerto vez que estaba toda vemos
que más que el papel de un sentido
pocos cure ok georgia meant a normal
visto en las obras de las mujeres la a
recce algo más profundo respondieron la
vida de la mujer la edad y
creo que le gusta cuando les tangle I
thought I'd give the people in
understand what you're saying something
the visual you look at la I really sober
da Fiona interesante hora miento say una
sensación de star at Rapada por la
biologia y las reglas aplicada san
gennaro esos alguna su gente y muy
present anus obras de Puerto las podemos
ver la oscuridad y la nada del dia dia
encerrada na vida en el inventor Delta
trab recurso cuentos de que presentan
este documento kuno como una hora casio
to be graphic amongst an en este cuento
de Mo's la vida de una mujer que pasa
mientras te pasa mientras la vida como
estuvieron las nubes y que son Trey
flair fo de saudade privada asal en esta
bro como si fueras cry viendo ndio
cantando en pedazos de su vida anche
yeah no sabe conv termina tu me tienes
en verdad el cuento es en la forma más
basica un viaje en que la mujer puertos
intenta encontrar su propia ENT DAWs
como escritura y como yo nose really
funny I think that's the most you've
ever spoken Spanish and not three years
that we've been like Velma nice really
yeah I hope you guys try to try to
figure out the words and then like type
any words that you understood and just
type them in there and we're gonna have
a Spanish lesson Ali's how do you say
that goal in Spanish for Jess ed car
without a Miata and now it's educational
go back to work oh I can't be alone on
this one I I i get so happy when i have
stuff i get to put down the garbage
disposal okay make sure not to put the
fork in the garbage disposal cuz I like
the sound ready ready
troyzan heats it gobbled it up
the fork in the garbage disposal do it I
dropped it in there never put a fork in
a garbage disposal unless it drops in
there when you're cleaning the dishes
she made me do it she's pretending like
she's mad but you made me do it Oh make
you do anything puta did you just call
me a bitch
army wait
hey where's the psst
giddy with child trippy now
where's with trust raphy an ally
