well that's kind of interesting
a fortress around their house it's
awesome remind me remind me what the
first thing I do when we buy a house
build a fortress okay but I'm not sure
why
there's also a girl over here and it's
there with a lamp outside I'm not really
sure what's going on today but a lot of
crazy stuff to come on let's go okay so
I just had to go to them and ask what
they were doing because I kind of
secretly filmed you you don't got thrown
in right I kind of secretly like super
sleuth film yeah he got tossed in there
playing what is it humans into zombies
what's your name that's curry hi what's
your name Riley and you got thrown in
was like birthday
I don't want to get him away oh my god
waiting for getting kind of bored gonna
sing whatever I'm thinking lady walk in
front of me looking at me kind of
strange
I smell Chinese food now I'm driving
around because I got kind of bored
this parking okay this is the weirdest
parking lot okay we can go both
directions here right okay see you can
go both directions here right and then
watch Hey whoa now that's a car so then
we can go this way right okay so we go
this way but I want to go over there so
we can go this way we can turn here
right but then we can't go right so we
have to go this way again
which brings us in a giant circle
the what like why and we're right back
to where we were
that's great I'm going this way now a
lien or juggle water
have you ever noticed that how weird
that is a gallon gallon of water is like
80 cents but a ball of water is like a
dollar this doesn't make any sense
everyone just wants your twixtor now no
like devil sticks that what go Devils I
don't know it was really cool I made
that up
no devil not double so there are three
sticks so why would there be does there
could be triple sticks
Satan sixes be on fire I know you should
watch oh hey homerun pinecone baseball
come over here a little closer oh don't
hit it at me you little Butthead okay
yeah get him Zowie bite his face off
what'd you find are you digging a hole
wait wait don't think no no no you're
worse than a gopher while you're digging
a hole her entire head is in the hole
just randomly so you get for telling you
to dig right there no seriously there's
trying to get rid of your hiccups you
lurking in that case is to hold your
nose because if you don't the water
comes out she found another one you
found another little poop beetle look at
that oh wait yeah you found another one
good I'm our Marlee poop beetle hunter
you're just gonna stare at it seriously
she's good
this is like the third time she found
one nope don't hurt it
sit down - she started she's still
trying to find that beetle
before I forget guys so we're going to
New York on Friday we're going this
weekend actually so we're gonna be in
New York City and we are going to have
another CTFxC little mini gathering so
we're gonna actually hold I don't know
the address right off the top of my head
but I'll put it in the video description
or just follow me on Twitter I think I
put it on there it'll be at the the croc
store at the address that I'm gonna give
you guys and it'll be Saturday this
Saturday from 7 to 9 p.m. and I think
there's gonna be food and a bunch of
cool stuff so if you're in the area come
was hang out but it'll be this Saturday
I'm like I don't know what that the data
is for that I think it may be the 9th
whatever the Saturday is from 7 to 9
p.m. at the address that I'm gonna give
you in the video description so yeah
hopefully we'll see you Alys currently
sleeping right now
yep she's alive see many things we can
just stack them she found another one oh
my god
you really like those little things here
let me see okay let's let him go
you found him you don't need to eat it
and she's off to find another one
yo so I just got some mother flippin
Chinese food with a smiley face bag and
everything I wasn't kidding it totally
sounded good
Colette sorry about that I don't know
why I got all gangster on you sorority
party here
so it is it's 11:30 at night
did you and we have to go to library why
you mask because this one forgot her
work this one that's hiding in the hood
she's in her pajamas
where you going it's really funny it's
11:30 like I said it's 11:30 at night
and there's no parking anywhere at all
are you doing the creep
get farted how come like kids in the
olden times like look like really old
people you booked us NASA name that's
right stupid the best book ever what's
it called green book it's like a
spaceship elevator hi sexy librarian
sexy librarian with a monocle instead
what is it hiccup still here though oh
my god I hate them and I only get them
like I will not get them for a year at a
place one day I'll get them oh and Zoe
shooting about so what I wanted to do
was I know I tweeted about this earlier
this week and I know I've spoken about
it before the falling whistles campaign
that helps out kids in the Republic of
Congo they're actually working right now
to collect two hundred thousand
signatures on a petition to get
everybody's attention up in the big
government areas regions of the US to
have them send a special envoy to the
Great Lakes region to try and help
support free and fair elections they're
going to have an election this November
and we want to let those people have
their voices be heard so we need to help
them so please please please go sign
this petition it's free it just takes
like 30 seconds of your time please do
it it's for a really good cause I'm
sorry that we keep bothering you about
stuff but just be an active person to be
a good person I promise that you will be
doing something good I promise so please
tell everybody that you know to go and
do this it's you know it's really it's
really critical that we stand together
and try to help each other so please go
do it and thank you
love you
wait
worse yet
with child trippy
would be an ally
