yeah so that's what we're currently in
right now okay that's what time it is
tornado watch oh man so if you're just
catching up with us right now
yeah there's currently a twenty eight a
warning gets around campus and stuff
like that it's really bad out there
we kind of like every time I like get
ready to go to sleep it's like BAM again
Zoey he's still scared okay not that
into the camera as you can tell so it
gets really scared when it comes to the
thunder and lightning
alright how did you hear it there what's
going through the desk where do I go huh
gonna go in the bathroom
did you freakier when she's starting to
freak out called calm and then all of a
sudden she's like in the bathroom I'm
like should I be in the bathroom too
like I went to go brush my teeth and I'd
go around the corner and Zoey's like
peeking around the closet she's in the
closet and kind of shut the door she's
like looking around like you guys might
want to come back in here with me cuz we
feel like I'm being stupid here like
this for example why she's just sitting
there I need to get some sleep oh so
good morning guys
yeah we're still here uh I guess the
tornado didn't really hit or anything
like that was campus all screwed up
no are you straighten your hair yeah
he's gonna nod you know tell him what
you're doing today you want to tell him
well I wanted to be surprised you just
want to shake your head you're you are
freaking out yesterday nobody makes fun
of you don't worry that's from the storm
obviously something else there
it looks like actually destroyed Jesus
crazy
the wind has to be so strong to break
something like that you getting pretty
getting sup today oh my god so pretty
she's up per day
oh hi mystery couch we just put in our
new place so Ally is getting in her
award today for always it again language
media awesomeness and knowing every
language possible except Chinese oh you
know Chinese educational this video is
going under education all of the faculty
what first then your outstanding sopra
way to be late
I feel like everything in this place is
like 100 years old
you think that'll break if I sit on it
this is this is George Washington's
chair has been cleaned there we go we're
friends and you'll get a new
by five whatever
yeah there we go
okay all right that's deep I got it
where it's just visuals
life is good
today it's the one day without shoes
screw it no wear shoes
say yeah don't need them don't eat them
don't need our shoes ok I need my shoes
now I'm gonna step on like a nail it's
something it's a good campaign until you
step on like like dog poo your little
thing on your head matched almost
perfectly so 3 yesterday when I was like
talking about the tornado oh wait she's
recording some harmonies for some I
don't have a she's this planning
GarageBand it's just like I don't want
you to film it especially went in there
lock the door oh you guys were asked I
thought I did this before you guys were
asking me why I have so many effing hot
ipods and stuff like that I I don't know
I just collected them like this is this
is this is the first iPod right here
alright that's how big that is
and then the first shuffle or this one
and then the second nano this was the
second Nana I like this one this was my
favorite one was like the stick of gum 1
or whatever they called it that one was
already broken yeah I think this one was
uh the iPod photo remember that when the
photo one came out they're like oh my
god you could look at your photos on
your iPod it was so stupid
got all the iPhones see there's the this
is a 3GS one right there on this one
this is my favorite iPhone this is the
very first iPhone right here it's in
perfect condition because i'm a complete
nerd I think it's better is dead
yeah that the charge at one time yeah I
don't know what it is like you know some
people collect the you know cars like
sports cars some Pokemon
I guess Justin Bieber cards I collect
iPods I think there's that first iPod
Touch right here still in the wrapper oh
and this one right here it's close to
Google Nexus 1 is the first Google phone
that day made that was completely
unlockable or whatever I guess not what
was it last year they flew a bunch of us
youtubers out to do a video for it you
guys remember that
filmed it actually was in the vlogs and
then the iPod mini wasn't very mini was
it I don't know I think the reason why I
have it it's just I'm so fascinated what
would the iPod you don't I mean like how
it the mp3 in general how it like
revolutionized music you know what I
mean it comes back to that whole full
circle thing with we got to see the you
know we witnessed the internet you know
and how it changed when we also
witnessed the music industry completely
changed in the film industry completely
changed with YouTube you don't mean and
I can't really collect anything on
YouTube except my cameras were they have
all my cameras and stuff too but I don't
know I just I really fascinated with the
iPod and what it's really done with the
culture not only is it like this music
device right but it's now like this like
style thing it's like a lifestyle which
is really weird and kind of stupid at
the same time how Apple took a lifestyle
you know like the Apple fanboys are
LaHood's
not just not just a computer it's a
lifestyle which to that I say go outside
enjoy the day I mean I like Apple but
I'm not that crazy and see I have all
the old nanos that I used to film on
from YouTube live and things like that
so I'm definitely when it comes through
video cameras there that's one oh and
you remember this this is the very first
Canon of vlogging camera we used just I
don't know that's just what you guys
were asking I thought I could've sworn I
did this before but yesterday if it was
like war does you have all these so
that's why what do you guys think do you
think the iPod is like this thing that's
gonna be like you know and you know
human race millions of thousands of
years or maybe that a year from now you
know completely get wiped out and aliens
come down and they see these little
devices you know like how we used to see
like arrowheads and stuff what you know
like what is it gonna say about our
culture you know I mean I just get too
serious did I just get too deep think I
asked you deep I'm gonna go for a walk
hey Corey
she's recording your funk
I think I did that it sounded good
you're doing that thing from a movie no
no you're sitting at a pile of laundry
doing this Zoey
you wanna go for a walk it's not even
plugged in you weirdo okay let's go
let's hear it
top oh you're very fine Joe show us what
she's good and ready
I'll just wants a carrot Ali how do you
say carrot and Spanish what's a carrot
there you go be good the way okay room
service for Marley that is the world's
with flattest sandwich it's a flat
sandwich
sadface your the Ghostbuster
receptionist lady thank you for calling
there we go the hairstylist helps with
the iPhone video are you ready
we're shooting an iPhone video so we
just shot an iPhone video so go check
out the iPhone video Ally's cell email
my life is really hard
oh I heard that one there gold bag is
not very camouflage friend ran like
track in high school but he did not
change his ways and this is how he ran I
like shivering and shaking cuz I'm
laughing so hard
wait I'm gonna show you what there we go
the unique ways that people running you
do actually
well you're also in moves elegance
that's how you run the how you run right
there mind you she's the only one that
hasn't been drinking anything about a
college town it takes us so seriously
here honk your horn
that's right hey guys I know you're
probably super emailed like me and you
totally want to listen to some awesome
music like manbearpig super mouth killer
but you can't steal that cuz it's
totally my music and it's like a really
obscure and you don't deserve to listen
to it
yes
with children
really
