definitely farted right now all right I
mean Zoey Marley's head is literally and
Zoey's bum can't bite of my freaking
ankle freaking Zoey Zoey silly silly
silly silly silly silly silly silly
I was drumming this on Miley's back
while she was sitting in my lap what you
don't like his hat
who's that
cowboy do you like Cowboys what is it
Marley Oh finally it's on camera she
knows how to put the window down
standing right on the little button she
totally knows a brat we do oh great here
no it's raining sit got me in my eye
come on Marley you suck they're
listening real good you're such a
Butthead rolling in there's like nothing
here she was rolling in nothing you are
a bad dog
all right you want to show him your
turtle trick ready
turtle trick all right ready guys ready
good speech Oh
eyes watering now check it out the
shirts Zoey what's the smell like the
smell like organ check out the security
feature on this check if you like rub it
see how I can do this it disappears it's
magic
I'm abused with the simplest things
heat-sensitive Inc calling reactive Inc
wow it's pretty intense I've never
actually looked at that that's funny
I've actually never really looked at the
back of a a check for security features
and things like that you got to think
about like back in the olden times how
easy it was they're like forged checks
and make your own check now it'd be like
impossible
I shouldn't say impossible because
somebody can do it I'm sure Leonardo
DiCaprio could do it recently recently
Ali and I were talking about basically
you know mints like Altoids and breast
savers and all those things how many you
can basically stick in your mouth
without freaking out I was like you know
what I'm gonna try it
so I'm bored today with Swiss put this
let's put this to the test and see how
many of these little doohickeys open up
your menthol whoo I don't know let's
give it timeless like just into a
challenge how many of these I can hold
in my mouth for five minutes
that seems pretty good right let's just
do the whole thing the whole package an
Altoids okay I'm digging for this I
don't think my mouth is this big okay
five minutes
Oh
mmm
know who's really not a fun idea on the
bright side my precious minty fresh
don't try that at home oh it's not like
whoo-hoo I'm awake
ah the fun things you can do in a
parking lot - hey Zoe wipe your mouth
you're dripping all over the place
Oh Allie smell it smell my breath oh it
sounds bad
I ate like that an entire package of
mints yeah oh oh by the way guys I
wanted to tell you guys this company
it's called method right here found out
Allie and I are pretty much obsessed
with like okay like we have it in here -
yes we really like their stuff oh you
got their soap somewhere yeah they're so
good they found out we really like their
products it's pretty cool cause like
they're really environmentally friendly
and things like that
they're like poochie's - they contacted
us because they're making a music video
right now they're going to make a music
video and they asked us if you wanted to
get the CTFxC involved aboard I was like
okay yeah I think the CJ Mexi would want
to be in a music video who wouldn't all
you have to do is go click the link in
the sub are in the video description
below and I'll take you to their
Facebook page I think you have to like
it
but there's a video I should take you
directly to if there's a video and if
you watch the video it'll tell you all
the instructions on how to be in the
music video and my main goal is to get
the entire video filled with CTFxC Rose
I thought it'd be pretty cool and also
if you watch the entire video to get a
$2 coupon that's actually how I just
that's why I went to Target I wouldn't
pick that up
she's always off high five oh yeah you
guys want to be in a music video just
click that link follow the instructions
I feel like I I feel like you ate all
the candy not me
so much we like haven't done laundry at
all I know this is all perfect timing
they contact us at the perfect like
perfect time click the link check it out
submit your video underpants I also want
to show you okay look at this this is
why this thing is pretty awesome
targets dirt 95% plant-based formula
hyper allergenic smells like heaven
thank you to method for actually
contacting us your products are pretty
awesome we can definitely vouch for that
and CTFxC let's take over their music
video this is absolutely ridiculous
she's a dog though just need a polka dot
let's get her a toy let's go get our toy
ally needs a kid that's what she needs
no get this 13 cents the bargain for the
crickets in a bag so I don't know if you
guys ever noticed this but Charles is
that public every because I'm a little
shit day so we do cook we always come
and get ingredients so that doesn't go
bad we come and get the fresh that would
you fund I carry nothing I would do
nothing I do not like Klondike bars I
would do nothing for her we're always
here so I feel like we should start
something I feel like we should start a
club pub we're always here of sub public
another thing that I forgot to say is
that when people and go to stores it
kind of assumed that you know when
something is buy one get one it's funny
it's buy one get one free but no one
said file and get one free they all say
buy one get one do say that if I only
get one Dogzilla first you say the free
cuz I just have a lady like I don't get
one people ever finish that phrase cuz I
don't I say buy one get one you say free
yeah you're just more proper mr. ho ho
proper proper today you're just living
here locked into again like a store
or maybe like a Super Target because I
would have everything my clothes oh yeah
I would she lives in the wall so I was
just about to go to bed and he's always
freaking out right now
apparently there's a huge tornado watch
or warning or something a lot of people
on campus we're getting like low alerts
saying that they saw a tornado somewhere
around here our power just went out now
it's okay so right you're freaking out
that's okay it's really light now and
let's see can you hear anything out here
yeah it's like really lightning and like
storming it's a little out of kind of
scary if you're like in the movie
twisted so it's probably gonna be the
beginning of very long night Ali and I
are trying to figure out like backup
plans this were like kind of high right
now we probably have to like go into
this closet or something like that so
yeah we're just having a little back-up
plan computer went off I'm gonna have to
turn that off now oh and I'm not gonna
be able to sleep okay guys am i seeing a
little bit if not I will see you
tomorrow don't worry we'll be okay too
bad Bill Paxton wasn't here
yes
giddy with tripping
