now they're not interested she's Sonnen
are you getting your snookie on you
really like son no yeah parka she's
always cold get the B get the B we bring
her inside and she just merely goes to
the window I can't speak hell he's doing
her homework that's a Marley but autumn
dodo dodo dodo dodo dodo dodo so I kind
of fell on the floor to play with the
dogs and I haven't gotten up yet
actually kind of comfortable come on
stream lines your back oh by the way
yesterday if you missed it the pillow
fight video is now uploaded and get this
yesterday was international pillow fight
day yeah perfect perfect timing it's
kind of funny actually that worked out
like that it was totally mad on purpose
just so many in the conference was like
did you know it was international pillow
fight day I'm stuck would you think I
was talking to myself yeah I feel like
it over 700 days I've never done this
yet so I fear feel that
like once on the ceiling upside down
well we did that remember guys where we
did that vlog was in black and white
except ahead read I think was red right
it's actually kind of comfortable laying
on the ground I thought you're gonna
step on me oh oh look at this watch this
guy's watch this now I'm on the ceiling
now i'm on the ceiling did your minds
just explode no it's like a crab walk
yeah well I explained that same games
like if you look at them at your house
like this you have to like walk when you
go over into another room this door
frame is higher it's off the ground you
have to climb over oh so you'd have to
go those hurt you it's like realize like
if I can exception inception are you
playing sorry I'm like all over the
place with scare I don't feel good guys
I don't feel good I feel really bad
today I want to go back on the ceiling
whoa look at that I'm crawling on a
ceiling hey hold on we're crawl is here
look I'm crawling on the ceiling
you guys sleeping under the table I see
why the dogs go under here is pretty
awesome except when you like go like
this I was like switching around and I'm
again hit my head coming damage no no no
girls allowed oh no Gus haha this is no
go hahaha don't even think about it
Marley's a girl in his/her spot and I
kidney I kicked her ass out she was
waking me up this really cool under here
goodnight no girls allowed this was
second a guy said hey there's a spider
right there and what do you do how did
she do that there's like no between my
neck and the top of the table they said
they're just married charles lewis no
internet alone no internet there's some
girls get ass yeah so I still don't feel
too to tip top I just kind of woke up
you know like I think it's just about
you know the past couple weeks we've
just been running running running I
think it's just kind of catching up to
me yeah so I really hope I don't get
sick I can fight this off because
actually april eighth through the 10th
sorry I'm looking for my wallet I don't
know where it is April a through the 10
we're going to be in New York City ally
myself and actually sxephil up and his
girlfriend Lindsey we're all could be in
new york city we're going to have a
little meeting a meet and greet so if
you guys want to come I think we'll be
april 9th whatever that saturday is so
yeah you guys are in the new york city
area on that day come come hang out i
think there's be food and awesome stuff
i'll let you know more when we get more
information but you know just follow us
on twitter and then you'll get a little
updates are our facebook group because
we obviously can do that real time
seriously where is my wallet i think it
was in my pocket in LA but you're like
oh no where's my stuff and then it turns
out it's in you know your pocket on your
head or something but seriously i want
to go up there it is or it's by your
computer because you were editing all
night for that 242
ooh two awesome days back to back for a
change oh wait hold on so he's gotta
poop everyone wait everyone Virg your
eyes yeah so I just want to say thank
you guys so much I've been reading the
comments for the pillow fight video and
what the hell was that ah now I gotta
clean that up hold on it's better uh
yeah so I just want to say i was reading
the comments for the pillow fight video
and i just wanna say thank you guys so
much for being so supportive and
enjoying the video so much what was that
look it's minor it's a spider no no no
no I can't ever look manly man there's a
spider wait what was it talking about oh
yeah the video um did I just skip I'm
all over the place today skipping and
sandals in my pink shorts pink shorts
that are actually read but just faded
because I wear them so much and they get
washed a lot okay Charles focus focus I
just kind of felt a little stupid and
kind of a little bit bad for asking you
as a favorite it said to tell your
friends I just really want the video to
do well because if it doesn't I feel
like I wasted everyone's time that was
in the video because they took like two
two and a half hours to shoot that on
there what was essentially their
vacation time at playlist live and you
know they put so much work into it I
just really wanted to do well otherwise
I don't want to let them down I can't
let them down CTFxC I can't let them
down how ants ants how do I get it I
swear I didn't have any coffee today
either like my bad hair look at that bad
hair day I woke up like this didn't even
mess with it this is all natural did I
just say all naturale they combined
unnatural and all-natural hate my
combine words Oaks I feel like either
like I'm on the verge of something
awesome or just complete idiot did you
grab your meat package again I grabbed
the big goals I grabbed all of me I
grabbed we're making dinner again and I
talked like this when I say we're making
dinner cuz it's the epic way of saying
we're making dinner
still feel like crap today we got to get
some horseshoe shire horses retire they
say it corsa shires gesture sheriff or
Chester Shire a worchester shower I
don't know what the accent of course the
Shire holy crap pardon me do you have
any Grey Poupon it exists look it's a
new marketing tactic you get a free
sample llame are you making you never
come in between Ali and her brownies
this is why I need mixing boss hey I'm
surprised you're actually not using what
we did yesterday where is it we were
using remember this yeah we're using the
brain bowl from the zombie video look at
the hamburger face his eyes his nose his
mouth well turkey burger face will look
it matters his ears and his hat looks
like a face now we'll crush his face we
can't move too soon
okay okay free I have no idea was just
going on we just watch the movie red
right it's exactly the kind of funny
because it's red but it's on a blue CD
DVD did you guys ever see red if not i
highly recommend it but like Bruce
Willis he's gonna be like 80 years old
like jumping out of helicopters and
spinning car there's actually a spinning
car all at school not gonna tell you too
much well that's worth seeing who's your
favorite actually start Robin I had a
huge crush on him when I was a kid
reasons okay i would say Michael Keaton
Michael Keaton is like my favorite like
action hero yeah when he was Batman yes
I in heaven satyam statham whatever it's
like booboo the only thing he can do is
like be a badass but i drive a car that
like i love I'm Jason Statham nike costs
how about you internet who's your
favorite action hero could be a girl
could be a girl 20 but you get a big of
honey in the rock Oh Sean Connery wait
what you gonna do like this are shankara
I never shot I see you here oh that
that's actually how I sean.conner was
taught how to speak was with a pencil so
you had the accent but they wanted to
give him something yes the more you talk
like that and now you know I'll have it
the letter well someone you admire she
talking like that I'm starting to get
the feeling right now you're like that
feeling just before you get sick they're
like oh so I've been like loading up on
vitamin C I can't be sick I cannot be
sick and don't forget guys if you
haven't seen the epic pillow fight you
can click it right here and it'll take
you right to it it's in slow motion wink
wink nudge nudge if you already saw it
go watch it again it's free so thank you
guys again and I will see you tomorrow
right there goodnight
wait
where's the ESX
giddy with y'all trippin
Lexi
do it with trippy and alli don't forget
Zoey Marley
you
