good morning right - a delicious
smoothie that means good ass out of bed
des pr√©s oh my gosh you're gonna boil
now get your butt up of soothing already
one for a run
working on the vlog it is Tuesday and
going down get up
my thoughts of inequities come on babe
all right take your head
the hair is extra tall today get your
dad's shirt on just getting all the
finishing touches for VidCon tomorrow
got to get a haircut that's number one
guy get lunch number two
yet yep yes you do there's a little
caterpillar get some caterpillars in
there I was wondering why had been on
there
a couple days ago I guess it would be
now Ali had like kind of good I want to
call like an interview but asked me a
bunch of questions I normally don't talk
about in a home estate and on a sense
but is available uncut Ross and a lot of
you guys suggested that we do the same
thing for Ali so we're going to do that
today since we are kind of doing all
this stuff today getting ready for
VidCon I'm just going to ask some
questions throughout the day so that way
you know we can get things done as well
as do this video what doesn't bother me
I feel like I've already said that like
a that doesn't bother me at all that's
your life you know you are the one of
those people out there that you know
usually you get into a relationship and
you know there's fun as if people have
to deal with or whatever from their past
relationship I only want to say deal
with because they think that's so silly
everyone has a past and we have
different ways of document whether it's
photos or videos or talking about it or
people in our life that no exes but it
doesn't bother me when I say like it
doesn't want to be invisible to me at
all you had a beautiful pass to somebody
and I had a beautiful pass with my
ex-boyfriend I mean it's just that's
life if I were to get upset or mad or
anything about that I think that would
be incredibly childish and worried and
just wrong I love another sitting and
working
this a little intimidating like duty
strictly yes no no no I don't I actually
don't regret finishing to college
because I'm doing what I love today I
have zero debt from college I'm not
saying it's the right thing to do and
I'm sure a lot of people would disagree
with me on this I know it's not for
everyone and I love college but I don't
think it was for me and how many people
out there actually used their college
degree
not that that's like a good excuse it's
not a good excuse but some days I do
wish I went like I finished and I may I
may go back and finish it to be
completely honest right now I'm happy
with where I'm at and I'm not
disappointed in myself for me that's
kind of a hard question to answer
because I feel like I'm gonna get so
judged for it alright switching
locations now
honestly like a liver so that I'll start
so fun I even asked well Mike is some
freaky weird fetish and I think no
there's a weird coincidence tonight like
laughs aw I just love I really doesn't
follow me at all
it's funny to me it's a weird question I
did another term well kind of dated kind
of gave it a Charles a long time ago
you're my second trial
I cried
I really contemplated if our students
were saying by being in the videos and
then in my mind if I like should I be
gay I don't I don't want people waiting
like this
I have to step back here touch my mom so
I must like don't let people pull you
away from something good
don't let the opinion and false rumors
both whatever the hell they were saying
and writing and whatever pull you away
from somebody they care so much about
justice if you watch all four do careful
Charles and then said yes
life
remember these are just words on paper
and it's hard it's hard to not look at
words as we were not insects in Somerset
when I read things about myself
Nupur fire
Delta
my mom I had to show her then my friends
I didn't tell anybody for a very long
time until they found out like I mean I
told them what you did but I didn't
really like show it speaks and I guess I
don't know like I didn't tell anybody
when I started getting on video with you
very nervous and apprehensive to do that
just because I know very well I was a
very private person that changed I think
I just wanted to maintain some sort of
privacy you know it's not right it is
along when I did to my first a lot of
them knew and hello I'm kind of like
made fun of me for it and I made fun of
me because of you be like oh you're on
YouTube now and they kind of kind of
like backhanded a little mean to me when
I told them what you did and they told
him that you're in a band and we kind of
like poke fun at me a little bit and
then the rest were like so supportive
and very curious and my family was
always so curious and so supportive I
feel like I was going to lose a lot of
my privacy
I such prior person and I like to keep
you an experiment I mean even like I
kept things like my relationship and
ending that and in my house
relationships to myself being in the
daily videos
everything is just barked at each other
past future what's happening now in our
life that was like the hardest thing for
me to accept is that the privacy was
going to be gone yeah yeah
to be completely honest it didn't really
faze me but I was just kind of like
alright I had issues we all have issues
but it was more like yeah it's a brain
tumor booth okay but I I like you and
I'm like I like him
care of just bring to repairs if you had
teachers should that be something that
kept me away from dating you and I now I
was stupid why would I find it's so dumb
that's honestly that is probably the
dumbest thing ever if I think was there
this fear of like what did you get very
involved with this guy and
any passes away and
I mean that runs through your mind but I
didn't want definitely dictate like
choice and dating you because I like to
I know unless you're doing great
for you I know because I know it was
really you were struggling and it's
really hard for you to do your job
that's pretty much the reason why I did
it I was like I'm just I can't do this
time it's too hard on him and so I
decided that kind of new people were
going to hate me like I'm either we're
going to be the car or just did even
though I was member Bishop I can explain
this when I was coming off strange it
makes sense to me but like some victims
in oil I was afraid of how bad the
judgment was going to be like not
judgment how bad how cruel people would
be so I knew it was going to get worse
oh my god so I needed necessaire is
gonna be a lot of judgment I didn't
think that people go as long as like
judging what it looked like but I knew
that there was going to be some harsh
things that were said and so that was
like that was the one thing I was really
scared of when I hear people not liking
me I think that was a big thing as I
didn't want people to not like me
because of whatever that sucked
I mean that was that was probably other
thing that also serve as well not being
liked and then just being like crazily
judged
okay right into it I got nervous that
our relationship was not going to be a
relationship it was going to be a battle
we would always be on the defensive I
already want to spend time with each
other that make sense today I want to
break up with you no remember I like to
you a lot and I like the way I felt with
you and it was kind of weird but is
really hard I mean like I'm not like
it's so hard because I've never been in
a relationship for from the start it's
rough and it's not enough doing it like
it's not two partners that don't get
along like it wasn't like we were in a
relationship where you and I were
constantly fighting and hated each other
it was outside individuals that were
making it tough on us I never wanted to
break up with you ever yes people I was
with my first boyfriend my sister's
ex-boyfriend at the time he and his
roommate had diesel puppy I guess he
couldn't take care of them
he was always in a cage when he was at
home it wasn't their fault she's they
were working all the time and I ended up
getting diesel from first week rescuing
fanat like in a bad way like rescuing
seagull from him and I've had another
chance he's a lunatic
so the first time that I was around
Charles when he had a seizure we were on
a tour bus I don't even know he had told
me about it
remember it's like you did help us
because everyone's a lot on my foot
let's do so anyway it says on a tour bus
we can you start having a seizure I kind
of leaned up and tried to roll you over
by putting stuff in a bumpkin you exist
big and it's freaking out so I was like
Caitlyn Canada's Caitlyn wonder were
right below us and so hunter actually
got up and helped me with you got your
medicine everything like this really
stepped into action and helped me out
really well I remember I was so
overwhelmed like we finally start going
to and you felt terrible about it you so
embarrassed I got really emotional over
it because it's such an intense thing to
see and you're scared you feel scared
for the other person's I really felt
really scared for you into our room
right back to sleep so I went and I sat
at the front of the bus I kept checking
on you while you were sleeping
third point I got like really much
knowledge and I genuinely felt terrible
I probably want to experience
and to say it's still scary I think the
one where people say like I'm home
working more cheerful marriage me stupid
I have someone told me that I mean
literally the karate on YouTube and on
Instagram Texas Orton to me that they
were going to break and kill me and I
was a dirty slut for destroyed your
marriage and I deserved everything
that's coming to me those really suck I
think also when they attack like said
also things on my family and about you
and your families where when people made
comments about you know you deserve to
cancer you deserve to die that clearly
that may be so flippin pissed off
without can even and I know it's just
words and it's just writing and she's
people taking behind their computer I
could never in my entire life ever write
out what was written towards me or
written towards you at the time written
towards your ex written towards your
parents like all of those things were so
bad and I just people in their minds
back people were brave enough to do it
you know
like really I mean I feel like that's a
very brave new could call somebody a
home-wrecking whore and telling people
they deserve to die it's not because I
can't say one particular comment what I
can tell you though there are many
problems that said that and there still
are everyone so I always filter them out
first off I say why this is look like
them with a splattering thing of the
world I think one thing that I love so
much about this job like on the dates
and I don't want to do anything like on
the date that I'm with I don't want to
do this anymore I'm sick and tired of
people saying what they say on those
days are just I just like and I don't
want to do this anymore
I think about those people
that clot eczema like I am battling
depression that I just see how happy you
guys are you know that you guys can get
through these tough moments and it makes
me realize like why we do it together
and I love it it makes me you know I
feel so proud I think that is something
we're going to talk about I have an
adult I have I know that like what's
written on the Internet is not true and
necessarily not true and people were
mean sometimes because they're having a
bad day and they're going to say mean
things I don't I'm not sure I want to
put my kids do that yet I think if we do
raise our children on the internet or
bring them into the internet I might not
have them on all the time or I might be
really regulated with what they can do
on the internet what I mean I think that
that's what a strictness of the parents
you know what you're talking about the
other day it's going to come internal I
think when that day comes it's going to
something that you and I are really
gonna have to talk about and really make
sure that work wonder-percent okay with
having our kids on the internet because
like now I'm I'm not going to listen
children I feel like I'm leaning towards
yeah okay we'll do it
breathe bags now
for those of you who have always
supported Charles and his family his
friends we've King me even I just not
taking you so much you guys are
incredible I am so thankful that you
guys welcome to me and I'm so thankful
that you guys even know that we're
always here for you always here for you
and I just want to say thank you I mean
as this being seems like thank you so
much for loving support and they give
for bringing me out of my shell thank
you for making me a stronger person to
the struggles of what we went to in
beginning of a relationship kind of
pushed me to work so much hard in this
relationship
so obviously thank you to the supportive
group in this community but also a
surgeons of sounds to the nuts for this
group and it's in this community because
I think that you bag is altogether
supportive and on split-push Charles and
I to work so much harder at our
relationship and I think I've ever done
in any relationship on my entire life it
pushed us to be credibly off of each
other to be some more supportive to each
other to be more loving to be more of a
minded and to honestly to not care as
much a stranger that made sound I'm
sorry this video cleanse freaks me out
I'm very nervous on the why we have
Cameron Hayes everyday but I'm really
freaked out by the flood but just thank
you and I love you I love all of you
even even if Terry step there and look
at you well I hope you enjoyed that
video I'm so glad that you guys asked
all these questions and you wanted us to
do this with Ali because I feel like
there's so many unanswered questions
that she was able to go through we're
gonna go pack right now and I'm sorry I
didn't want to be mean but I ain't being
on you're a horrible person we're gonna
go pack right now for VidCon so we'll
hopefully see all you guys there if not
we'll see you guys tomorrow on the
videos have a good night bye guys
