you guys ready to go canoeing but are we
wait are we going to the will color not
the springs a river the river and we're
bringing this little butt crack and this
little bit crackers currently very much
enjoying yourself out the window sup not
now guys I'm busy what about dougie cam
probably another holder yeah what it
what is he I wonder uh with the
likelihood of us going in the water
you're going in the water I think so
yeah so I also in bringing this so i got
this GoPro okay like the Iraq is just
chilling out in the bridge it's pretty
sweet alright we had we had to had to do
a pit stop because they were crying so
much they wanted to be in the same boat
which means we're gonna fall fall early
look at marley she's trying to get it
every single time do you want a paddle
bar stir rope do look we're not moving
fast enough I just drip on her every
single time I changed by we're winning
sort of one-handed oh there's a hair on
the lens I wonder if this is what we'll
see Florida sea monster there's a bunch
of sea monsters up there we'll show you
guys oh there's a turtle
well you try to trick element try to
film it is it angle nutter you think
what could her trying to eat the paddle
if we see a manatee she's going after it
do you guys see the sea otters up that's
big Marley's ear oh there's our loose of
snake bird show you the ball Zoe wait
and look wait you guys want to see the
giant sea monster we were talking about
oh my god whoa what Zoe
oh there's your little nose do you want
to go get the sea monster so that is
what you call a manatee or sea cow or
like guys I call it just giant sea
monsters just a giant sea monster that's
super slow the thing is when you see a
manatee and the like the river you're
supposed to cut your engine like
immediately cuz they're so slow though
the propeller is like gosh um I don't
know this is people on this river some
reason I just complete idiots they're
just like what I'm sold to cut my engine
who row row row your boat gently down
the stream merrily merrily merrily man
drinking oh no but a dream did I say but
a dream about a dream without a dream
what did I say careful now I'm not
uncomfortable I just have a lot of
expensive equipment in my hand
the ductile actually surprised we
haven't gone in a lot I know don't say
hi puppies and there's Eric what's up
he's no I'll get it um no hey back so
you thought of it ready down the wall
color the wreath or you just let some
nice better jump jump oh there you go
part of the gold on Miley not yes that's
the close of day yeah I was just trying
to rock back I'm a swimmin on this river
hola which by the way is illegal so
don't do it I was still filming but I
was over here when an action was over
here got the scream we have a look at
the how Dora
no one tell me ladies like gentlemen as
she said yoke amuse me guess who left us
Zoey's over there down the punk biatch
just tell us where to go Marley you can
navigate see if you see any sea monsters
again before she was like oh hi hi
having fun Zoe I'm actually surprised we
didn't end up in the water this is a
hair on their
alright so we just all have a sea the
sea monsters and this is dylan you work
here right what's this place called DDI
the way man yeah so if you're over here
where are we were still in tallahassee
right oh ok we're will cola um so if you
ever come here go to that place and find
Dylan and he'll hook you up yeah we were
checking out the canoe and he just like
looked at my license and kind of looked
back up and it was like weird isn't it i
watched you on the internet so yeah
thanks man no problem so that was a lot
of fun that was marlies first time in
the canoe and I think that Zoe's first
time since she was ya know shut your
mouth I'm a canoe expert I was a boy
scout a shirt major props that Dylan
over there um that was really cool of
him to hook us up with that and it was
really funny marthy Marley was whining
the whole time right so the second week
yeah we know every she was being bribed
the second she we landed on the ground
she ran behind a tree just took a
massive dump Oh is our buddy now they're
good dogs he got it
yay carpet perfect now I'm dead bugs
screw her hey Allie there's a van down
by the river thought it was before your
time you're gonna end up in a van down
by the river so we just initial tired
that's fun they readjusted
that's ridiculous well that was a lot of
fun guys we I don't think we've ever
done that in the vlogs have we we've
never gone kayaking or canoeing everyone
clean so yeah I'm just gonna film the
outro of the pillow fight video so yes
the pillow fight video is live on the
Charles Trippy channel see is what you
guys get to see right there pillow
action with lots and lots of pretty
youtubers so make sure at the end of
this video go to youtube.com/scishow
stripping and check that out send it to
all your friends add it to your
favorites and see if it was actually see
we can get that to the front page cuz
that would be pretty hilarious so I'm
just gonna shoot this now what are you
doing you guys are still wet that was a
lot of fun do you guys see the manatee
that's pretty crazy right it's big giant
blob of an animal this goes nom nom nom
nom like a sea cow pop out where it is
really weird ok when I looks like Harry
reviewing what just happened no hair
don't when I browse the needs at a
grocery store uh-huh and then decide
upon a path
here's what I do okay oh god don't do
this now and then I put it in the thing
I never have an issue this is what
normal people do you see everyone we
were here's what Ali does
she takes a plastic bag uses it like a
glove listen and then extracts the
container from the freezer section and
then wraps than this because she is
deathly afraid that she's gonna my hands
are clean from just our minds near my
face I'll murder you it's not weird that
I did that is that weird really you're
not touching to chew it my hands don't
get cooked though my hands are thing I'm
worried about it again yeah edgy samurai
eat all your food you don't get dessert
barleys down here just like please drop
some more potatoes okay strumming my
pain with his finger once okay no one
sing in my life with his one-time
killing me softly with his song killing
me softly with his song telling my whole
life with his words killing me softly
way I got a request you guys don't any
Justin Bieber hey guys we just wanted to
let you know that after the long wait
the slow motion epic girly pillow fight
is now live on Charles tributes channel
so go check it out and share it with all
your friends come on who doesn't want to
see a bunch of hot girls pillow fighting
in slow motion come on guys so click
here to go and see that video and make
sure you share the love favorite do all
that crazy stuff you know what you're
doing check it out and we hope you let's
get we had a lot of fun making it
see what you did
hardly wait
where's easy at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
yeah let's see
where's with chakra p
don't forget Philly
you
