hey guys you're adopted april fools you
know what I just thought about oh wait I
didn't even tell them oh guess what tell
what you did say what tell her how she
did today oh I defended my thesis yeah
and he passed I passed yeah the most
important part okay well okay Ariel road
an undergrad thesis about what did you
write about Spanglish about Spanglish in
me ami sí sí will go that far to say
that but yes she wrote a really long
undergrad thesis it's really really cool
she's graduating with honors it's very
exciting and she defend her thesis today
in front of a panel of a lot of
important people at FSU so it's very
exciting ossu I'm going to miss you you
know what's funny today mark not really
today marks the first day of my last
month of college is that the weirdest
thing in the world that is so weird for
me to say and just a few short weeks I'm
gonna be standing here getting ready for
chicken I keep saying that but like
literally the whole time that an episode
I've been dreaming of that moment and
it's gonna happen so soon I'm really
excited sue hey guys today it's April
first or as I like call it and the rest
of the world likes to call it April
Fool's Day this is okay april fools day
is probably my favorite holiday I don't
I I don't know what about it I just like
I like reading all the goofy stuff
online especially online yeah you can
prank each other but seriously the jokes
they do online on websites and things
like that I don't know like for example
YouTube do you see youtube yesterday
like this but yeah YouTube is actually
pretty good this year if you click it
it's like youtube since nineteen eleven
and scroll down all the front videos are
in sepia i'll say is just click one I
don't know this click pretty Spears
fitness pairs it'll play the video with
a 1911 button
then they also did there's the top viral
pictures of 1911 Kirk some citrus it was
really funny um I actually texted a
photo to Dane I was like dude when did
you create this and he's like uh where's
that from he didn't even know that would
that's how secretive YouTube was so I
thought that was pretty funny and I
think there was this other one where
this toy company made a play set of an
apple store with always a real life line
bonus pack where you like had a bunch of
extra figurines to show the line of an
apple product so did you guys have a
favorite one of this year I mean it's
right now it's only like it's only noon
right now so I've always seemed to but
I'm sure as the day progresses this is
why april fools day is awesome on the
internet and why it sucks cuz sometimes
are really convincing what do you have
Bobby so to give or take
she doesn't ever eat candy that's like
look what I live on is it amazing is as
good as you thought it would be wasn't
worth waiting five years we ran a couple
hours i'm actually gonna play it i'm
going to record it i would play a little
prank on you guys if you have our iphone
app or ipad app or ipod app same thing
it's all free it has push notifications
so Ali and I and the developer geek
utilities really we programmed a little
sound effect to go off on April first
for all those people who have the app
and it's pretty funny so I'm gonna I'm
gonna actually get that going in a
couple hours of recording there's all
right there do seem great toy for a new
generation a Playmobil apple store okay
this is my favorite one today's gonna be
one of those days so I'm trying to get
this video uploaded by Sunday and this
is the worst part for this I have to
figure out what kind of song I want but
look at this doesn't all go look like
like she's gonna kill you look at this
look at that face evil now she she was
really good okk was so good in this
video but I'm trying to find some really
hardcore kind of popped up music and
every time I edit this is the worst
thing sound it's it's so rough like
people think like him a for video most
important is like the clarity of the
video the quality of the video or Howard
shot I think sound is such a huge thing
cuz think about the old times the old
times 1911 time now think about when
YouTube first started the picture
quality was terrible like you would at
least for me I found myself watching a
video that had bad like a video quality
but had good sound I would still watch
it but if has bad sound and pristine
video quality I find that I used to
click off of it is that the same thing
with you like the video could be so
blurry but as long as you can hear it
clearly you'd still watch it cuz you
could be like okay I can still hear you
know whatever but if it looked like like
awesome but the sound was like yours
cracking you won't watch it am I the
only one I think I think the other
people are like that but so I got to
make sure the music is perfect that was
good I don't want it this is what I'm
always afraid of like when I show you
guys you know process of editing the
video I don't want you guys really oh it
was totally overhyped I just like
showing you guys you know like the the
progression you know from shooting it to
editing it to you know tweaking it and
then uploading it I feel like that's you
know I don't feel like just hyping it up
I just I like showing you guys the
process hey I like it too cuz i get the
document it and then when i look back at
the video i could be oh you know i can
watch the probe the progress myself I'm
not gonna upload it actually I should
just delete it right now April Fool I'm
just kidding I'm not gonna do that all
day so do you guys like this process or
should I just like keep it a surprise
from now on tell me in the comments I
want to hear you I want to hear your
opinions I'm open is it obvious that
I've been drinking coffee can you tell
ya I can feel it look at my bad hat hair
it's pretty awesome hey guys don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't done
it already ok look who picked me up from
fluffy yeah she was like trying to
figure out how to get to enjoy like
stopping traffic like she just stopped
on the road and this guy was like what
are you doing it's awesome got things to
do gosh it to do pick up that's true
tonight I can say it because of today
and Eric won't see the vlog until
tomorrow tonight we're throwing him a
suppose buddy
hey cuz he and his brother both just got
one he got promoted as you guys know and
his brother got a new job so we're going
to la fiesta como siempre to celebrate
and we got to take out my cake and we're
going to get him balloon so oh I don't
think balloons ever get old I know like
when you're a little kid you really love
balloons but I've love balloons my whole
life I still love them so you can judge
all you want next though cuz you
actually pay for the world I know right
when I was loping give me them ya know
bye
we went to the bank e bank and we got
I'm checking like a baby talking like a
baby cuz they gave us candy like a baby
lie about the bank the big big big
nobody was so sweet the guy gave us to
really lollipops lollipop okay yeah oh
my god they put their names on them that
is so humid show so exciting she's just
off in her own little world now yay five
hours later I have a nice little rough
draft exporting right here come on there
we go see little rough draft it's
actually looking really good I the music
is so epic I figured out how to do this
like shell-shocked like Call of Duty
like what's going on ringing I'm pumped
for this video okay you know what about
hyping up the video I'm totally hyping
it up this is gonna be awesome and
totally gotta give props to Ali she not
only came up with the idea she directed
the idea and she wrote down like all the
little like choreographed pillow fight
scenes I just filmed and edited edited
dead did I'm really still hyper from the
coffee I need to go outside just like
run around what do you think do you
think Zoe wants to go out too she's been
staring out the window the whole time
and Marley's just been under my desk
farting check it out I found another
April Fool's this one's from hulu and it
basically takes you to 1996 like with
all the websites you can't really see
how pixelated everything is but if you
look at the website so basically a
website that was designed in 96 and I
totally oh my god remember these and
then look at the bottom right here do
you remember what guest books were and
then everyone had a little counter best
viewed in netscape that's so fun oh man
I love nerdy stuff 1996 00 like I said
for anybody who has our little app um
you got a nice little message from Ali
as a snake
so yeah I just told the developer to
send out the message tell everybody with
push notifications april fools okay now
we just wait anywhere from 30 seconds to
a minute today April Fool my phone
beeped you though where he goes 1 2 3 I
said mine get updates yeah mine gets
updated mine gets updates yeah so yeah
that was our little april fools joke
that was pretty funny I want to have any
bad I want how many people were in
meetings or like on the toilet and grass
oh my god I hope some of you guys were
in class the professor had it oh my gosh
I put it crap i want a quarter yeah if
you guys don't have our iphone app or
ipod app right it's all it links in the
sub or you can download it's free and we
send you the way for fools jokes that
was a pretty good one out of one to ten
scale what do you write that little
prank what are you guys ready to tell me
in the comments a hundred billion oh my
god you guys this is hilarious you guys
are so funny everyone's like you scared
the crap out of me oh my god oh good one
I gotta get an egg that's really huge
huge props to Robert the guy who made
our app that was his idea yay thanks
Robert schools lifted poopy it'll still
here oh he's gone weird all that poop is
gone oh by the way correction i didn't i
didn't know this but they don't eat the
poop they lay their eggs in it which is
smart because then another animal won't
eat their eggs nobody wants to eat poop
it lessens marley then it's screwed I
just got the numbers from Robert okay it
pushed the notification our little prank
to over twenty two thousand two hundred
two iphones / ipod / iPads so 22,000 of
you
april fools I can never get you but I
can get the world that's good that's fun
wait till next year wait till next year
I'm reading some @ replies right now
okay first I just wanna say I'm sorry if
it really scared anybody or got anybody
in trouble I really hope it didn't like
do any of those things we just really
wanted to do a nice little harmless
prank on you guys i hope you liked it
hope you liked it not mad you're not mad
right here you know what i'll give you
back your nose if you promise you won't
be mad anymore okay ready we're gonna
swap my kind of three go say i'm not mad
i'm gonna give you your nose ready one
two there you go you have your nose back
smell that I just parted it passed out
again hey he has a boring everyone's
sleeping let's do something go find the
poop Marley you're good at that or
steals always stick whatever you want to
do careful you don't lose the balloons
look you're like up get the crazy old
man from up waiting right now Erik and
Ryan and Christine are on their way in
here we ran all yell surprise isn't
singing in here are we yelling surprise
now
look at your balloon it says your name
on it congratulations can you have a
little Qiqi cake did you really just
take that out OMG put that back and do
the hula oh you're gonna singing you're
gonna stand like in the background like
what is happening I just get the party
going I don't know I don't know you have
nothing safe oh so good news guys okay
so a lot of people were complaining that
they weren't able to see or hear the UM
the little april fools joke prank
whatever very clearly on our poorly
recorded camera anyway so a little
hacker what are you see TMX sees is a
little hacker attacks elite hacks or
hacked our app and found the mp3 of what
Alli was saying I'm not and he said I
could upload it to the youtube com sighs
tripi channel so if you weren't able to
see it or hear it or whatever you want
to actually hear what I said just go
clicking the link of the sub bar click
right here this annotation and you can
see and hear everything so major kudos
that little hacker kid yeah Bravo he at
replied me and he's like hey check this
video I was like this is perfect quality
how'd you do this is like now I hacked
your app like get Christine get
Christine there we go get Alex but oh my
god it's magic I'm pointing it over here
but it's over here magic that's what she
was doing to the dung beetle at the
other day okay
okay okay game over Oh game over
goodnight Zoe
hey where's epsxe
giddy withdraw stripping
where sweetie
where's with trust raphy
don't forget so anymore
