all right I'll give you back your nose
just kidding
hey hello good morning
jeez it was the hell how's it going guys
I am uh I am editing right now I'm
editing the pillow-fight video so as you
can see right here oh it's here you can
see the slow motion of the pillow fight
doesn't that look pretty epic little
taste oh let's say good morning that's
not a good morning I just love you guys
so much that I'm not embarrassed to let
you see me like this I just took my
second exam of the semester
well I'm smack in the middle of a
migraine and I'm trying really hard
don't throw up right now if you have
migraines or if you know anyone who does
tell me how to get rid of them this is
torture I think I need to get my eyes
checked or something I don't know I just
it's this is really hard it's really
hard to do I can't keep trying to do
exams and write essays while I'm in the
middle of a nauseous nausea inducing
head pounding migraine but on a happy
note I just took my last linguistics
again for the semester even though I'm
pretty sure I'm not gonna get an A cuz I
barely finished the essay portion it's
actually pretty nice day out
as soon as I get home and I'll see you
guys later uh yeah so that's gonna be on
the youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
Channel I'm hoping Sunday but I don't
know have you guys don't having issues
with YouTube I've been trying to upload
videos like I uploaded the hardcore
nursery or kids song and the vlogs the
past couple days I've been taking kind
of a long time to upload and publish so
I'm hoping this weekend's gonna be fine
so I'll hopefully have that uploaded up
and alluded yeah so Ali had one of her
tests today and guess what she's got a
migraine so if this somehow make her
feel better I'm not really sure how to
but maybe she's away I'm sorry I'm a
loud are you in here thumbs up out
I have a thumbs up go alive no another
migraine so you're supposed to protect
her from migraines how did you get under
the blanket again I'm at the park right
now I was saying aliens migraine so I
was trying to keep myself in the dogs
for making all the noise and I was just
overhearing this whole thing it's like
wow I'm a white-haired old lady and you
know what those immigrants this kind of
completely left field those immigrants
are taking our jobs and I'm just like
the back of my head like really you
still work like who still thinks that
like you know like all the immigrants
they're just coming to the country
taking our job okay so first off STFU to
those people who say that argument just
seems like it's uh I don't know just
dumb people I guess it's just dumb
people but I thought it was funny
because it was this old lady who's
probably about 78 years old 80 years old
just complaining about that and it made
me chuckle yeah I just wanted to film
something really quick and just say you
know what racism's not cool that's not
cool at all I seriously thought I was in
an episode of South Park Zoey
you took my job it took my job Doug
you're an immigrant you're kelpy from
New Zealand I'm starting to think that I
hear the most interesting things here at
this dog park I'm gonna miss it when we
move
oh and holy crap I forgot to tell you
guys did you hear about the tornado that
went through Tampa it like flipped over
like semi trucks and all those things I
think we moved from Tampa just in the
nick of time huh yeah cuz a couple my
friends are there and they sent me some
photos and there's semis there's like a
train car that was on its side was like
a tornado it was like a tornado kid in
Pennsylvania my god did you see that
video just Google tornado kid you laughs
hey how are you
that was yep doo doo doo doo doo doo did
it hey what's going inside and see if we
can get a 1-up fine
jerk
did it it it it it you know get some
coins I do I go get some coins alright
time to see how he's doing
make sure her brain didn't explode oh no
it's going with my hair it's got this
like a little flippy thing bad hair day
she's alive I mean no we're starting to
get rid of some of the toys and we have
a whole bag for Tyson and Coby and
Marley keeps going to it like nudging it
like their food in here why don't you
use your hands you're like a monkey
yeah monkey person I feel like it's
redundant Martha's over here like shut
the hell up
hey let's do it trick right ready I
don't know why this is funny to me right
it's kind of even funny because their
mouth to just hanging open
delicious delicious look at that mr.
bartender over here oh you didn't try it
yet tastes like crap doesn't it huh
Maastricht not bad what are you blowing
bubbles than that oh that's how you
that's how you thoroughly enjoy a drink
we're gonna make one of our awesome
pizzas and now he's wearing one of her
big ass shirts they keep coming back to
the not bad this is the first time ever
tried to make one of these mai tais yeah
Brewed is discussing for you younger
kids
it tastes like apple juice with almonds
where's your time Oh freaking cheese
this just in one in 70 million people
have seen this video except you we're
gonna make a watch Friday so plug ears
you guys are probably gonna noise 70
million of you it's a good song I was
just saying like I would rather watch
this music video than Katy Perry
new music video it's pretty bad
this is singing warrants we have mercy
others never seen the whole thing
really what is she saying that she wants
to hear Rick Astley on her birthday yes
and what did you say
actually that's it so you want to be
Rick Rolled on your 21st but what did
you say what she's the only person
actually likes Rick Astley for never
gonna give you up doesn't know what Rick
rollin is oh it started off like on like
little forum sites like hey check out
this awesome video and in judah rick
astley
every time every time and in 2008
youtube made every one of their videos
on their front page a link to rick
gastly never gonna give you up how
YouTube does the best April Fool's jokes
like the 1911 one right now and then
2008 was the YouTube my favorite is the
what is it and what is it orange -
something weird some orange Eric smart
jerk some citrus oh also what's why do
you feel about Rebecca Black
well obviously I'm behind other times
because I just watched it looks like you
are living in 1711 Yeah right never mind
me I'm just dialing into 1997 that just
bounced off Christine's forehead
everybody right there is right there
Oh food
where's he at
giddy with child tripping
