got your rain booties
it's such a bad day
rain rain go away come again another day
we want to go out and play rain rain go
away
I seriously have like a love-hate
relationship when it rains especially in
a day like it's nice and see how I
turned off all the lights except those
two I'm just kind of like relaxing it's
such a relaxing thing but what also
sucks is I can't do anything so I'm
gonna write a song the rain sucks
terrain sucks the rain sucks the rain
sucks take outside no I can't
the rains gonna wake me all soaking wet
I don't know what I'm singing but it's
kind of cool go stop that play down
drums
he'll lay down the tracks
this is gonna be the best song ever
oh yeah I like how every time I start
playing with this thing I always resort
to more cowbell the song needs more
cowbell doesn't it that's enough
I like I started doing this was like you
know what I'm just gonna write a song
about how rainy days suck and things
like that and then it's turned into its
yeah 45 minutes later I'm now doing
vocals
I'm just we don't want to waste away
another potential day guys I can't sing
that's my that's my metal voice right
there like it's awful all right you guys
ready to hear it you ready to hear this
here it goes wait optimizing performance
hold on okay dogface I think I'm ready
to reveal my masterpiece I think I'm
gonna call this I don't even know what
I'm gonna let you guys name this okay
here look it's okay it's just thunder
I know okay ready
that's what happens on rainy days I'm
gonna stop that right now and you know
what else I'm gonna do I'm gonna make a
music video on the cellphone channel
because I as I did this on the iPad I'm
gonna make a music video so if you want
pause this video and click click right
here and check that out or the links of
sub are but it's gonna be on youtube.com
so that's trippy so please go check out
our awesome music video that we're
shooting now because it's a rainy day
and we're gonna go out on a freakin
awesome day
it's supposed to be cheesy guys actually
I'm pretty impressed that I was able to
do that on just an iPad that's it's
actually kind of cool
alright I'm gonna I'm gonna go shoot my
music video so I'll be right back so so
coming full circle to what I was talking
about yesterday with paul baran and an
invention of the internet and just
technology in general and how how fast
were advancing assuming you watched the
music video for that I made for that
song just a second ago you pause this
video if not then you can just click at
the end of this video watch it but that
video was the music was created on an
iPad 2 it was shot on an iPad 2 it was
edited edited ended I did as far as
advancement in technology I can't say
the word edited edited it sounds stupid
anyway moving on I edited it on a on the
iMovie for iPad and then I uploaded it
from the iPad I mean that's that's just
cool to me I don't know it was fun and I
guess guess what I think by making that
song I think it's like a rain dance you
know why or an anti rain dance cuz look
no more rain the rain is now ceased to
rain so maybe I don't know maybe play
the song and it might make it stop
raining where you're at
if you want to download that song which
which by the way you do it's free it's
on the music video in the video
description on the music video so you
can just click down there and go to it
and download it and share it with your
friends maybe well it's not on iTunes I
was gonna say maybe it'll be number one
beat Friday on iTunes but you know what
freeze better I'm gonna give it to you
guys for free just as a thank you what
are you doing you know you're not
supposed to be sitting there
leave this legs alone
char yeah somebody has your phone
somebody just called me from your phone
and then they called me from that we
remember again hello what the hell is
going on you need to give our phone back
now this is not funny
listen I'm gonna call the police if you
don't stop doing this it's not funny
how did you get this one over it says
you're calling from Charles Trippy how
does that how did you do that
where's your phone do you have it can
you find it because someone is calling
me from your phone how would they make
it come on my phone as your phone
it's so hard to make him fall for stuff
seriously like don't I was trying so
hard to get him to come out so you can
see him talking cuz he can't see the
camera he sees the camera running he'll
know what prank prank are praying I'm
praying a prank anyway I'm trying so
hard I think once he comes back from the
car he's gonna realize it's not in there
and he's gonna start freaking out yeah
you seriously no no it's not where's
your phone in the car at the gas station
yeah well I went inside they should have
I don't get it
cuz I have remote lock it takes photos
of people when they take you the wrong
thing
well somebody obviously opened your
phone great
are you playing a prank you promised cuz
there's a camera at there damn it
yes so not you don't react at all
this is not even funny this son can't be
friends cuz you're a dick ah immediately
immediately I go find my iphone lock my
phone I have too many fails okay guys
you know why because if you typed the
wrong password it takes a photo of the
person and sends it to my email so I
knew somebody didn't have my phone
someone could've found your password i
remote locked it with a new one from
here can't be pranked Gabe pranked nice
try that was but I even accounted for
that and said that they weren't
answering because I couldn't open the
phone yeah Kevi pranks I also knew cuz
they were calling you but it was also
not saying where it was actually on
that's awesome
3 the record she do Barbie Martha's over
there see neighbors love us I'm sure oh
joy
somebody had a turtle Lord turtle
so did you honestly think I was gonna
fall for his little her pranky prank
little prankster I think the reason why
I didn't freak out like now just like I
didn't freak out when prank vs. prank
through my phone what I thought my was
my phone over a cliff was because they
did it just after I synced my phone and
backed it up so like even if I lost my
phone yeah it would suck but I would
still have all my data actually two
things were running through my head to
be completely honest the first was like
how did I lose my phone because it's
usually in my pocket at all times and
then two I was kind of excited because I
was gonna be able to use the Find My
iPhone thing I also have a little
program that if you like type the
password wrong it takes a photo and
sends me your location and your face to
my email so I was kind of excited I was
like oh I would actually catch a thief
because I had so many security things
but in all fairness I didn't at one
think it was a prank until I saw the
camera that I you it was a prank but so
I don't know it was a good one that was
a good try Ally good try honey come here
yeah you listened
it's a poo beetle
is it still in your poop again
that is the weirdest weirdest bug ever
Wow okay so that's where it was it
rolled it all the way over here it's
pretty impressive little poo beetle well
that's crazy just pulled it under all
the grass what a strange animal whoa now
it's completely hidden that was the most
fascinating piece of poop I've ever seen
okay he came back for another one at its
gates poop guys but it's pretty
fascinating watching this little guy
move okay so I'm gonna I'm gonna show
you this it's poop but so if you're
eating pause the video then finish your
food look at them bogie and it's so
weird
I've spent entirely way too much time
staring at poop right now it's time to
go it's pretty fascinating though that's
really weird that innit like there's
there's an animal that eats everything
you mean even dog poop oh and don't
worry that's not Marley's always poop we
pick up after them but I guess you know
it kind of shows probably shouldn't all
the time because you just bet a beetle
alright so I just got another shower and
we're kind of running low on towels and
Alli doesn't want them all over the
floor so we have to resort to this this
towel the dick towel what are your
friends gonna say thumbs up yeah I know
it's all blurred but I have to I have to
blur it I have to blur it got a sensor
it still pretty funny that's pretty
crazy
I'm only confuse though if it's a
plug-in car they use of electricity why
is it still miles per gallon does he use
like well I guess I would use gas and
electric if just in case it like I don't
know ran out of gas
I ran out of electricity I should say oh
I forgot to tell you she licked her but
for everyone asking click right here and
check out the music video that I shot on
the iPad I made the music on the iPad I
did it on the iPad and uploaded it from
the iPad so it was actually kind of
challenging I just wanted to see if I
could do it so check it out
download the free mp3 send it to your
friends and sing along you guys actually
might like it for being a really really
bad song it might a you know it could be
the next rebeccablack I don't know if
that's a good thing or a bad thing
merci
with tripping
we're
you
