how are you this morning
I'm fine a little tired though do you
remember like little kid shows that's
how they would talk to like hi how do
you feel do you feel great I feel pretty
good right now I'm a little tired don't
make it breakfast break fast you want
some break fast yeah yeah a little
sweater on because it's cold
Tallahassee's freezing right now as you
get down I'm kind of losing my voice a
little bit so that kind of sucks oh well
you guys would still like me if I talk
like this okay look I'm wearing a hoodie
in March almost April it's like it was
hot and now it's freezing you guys wanna
go for a run and did you get some
exercise too much partying this week
looks like somebody found it hey you
look like you're stuck figure it out
come on you can figure it out nope
that's the wrong direction yep that's
right keep going
hey I did some observation at a school I
was not allowed to film it's just
against their privacy policy or
something um but I want to observe some
kids today for my linguistics class and
it was very interesting that's really
funny data they were pretty young kids
like I think around 5 most of them and
we were just basically looking for the
cell super nerdy stuff we were just
basically looking for their linguistic
development to see if they had acquired
like the past tense like if they could
say like played but then if they knew
how to say like went instead of goed
like if they used irregular and regular
verbs consistently or if they were just
like mimicking like they could say went
and like taught but they didn't know how
to form the past tense with et ok
nevermind this is just ridiculous
that's talking way too much about stuff
that probably doesn't really make a lot
of sense but it was really fun and
because they're really nice and they
kept asking me who I was and what I was
doing and they're they're really they're
very adorable I feel like whenever I
have a kid I'm gonna do lots of
linguistic experiments on it's just so
fascinating like the kids the way they
are when they're learning language it's
just it's crazy how much they soak up
and it's funny because certain elements
say some kids have trouble pronouncing
certain sounds so there's kind of a set
list of things the kids tend to do but
when they get it's just like oh they got
it it's so exciting and it's amazing
when they finally get the pronunciation
and they get longer sentence structures
and it's it's oh it's really cool it's
super fascinating to me know we're going
to get wet drama
I completely forgot yesterday and I
really wanted to talk to you guys really
quickly about something if you didn't
know that if you didn't know life
existed before the Internet that's
because it exists because of a man named
Paul Baran and he just died yesterday
because of this guy right here you can
basically he thank for your internet
connection this guy was one of the
pioneers of the internet frontier which
is really insane to think about you
don't I mean the Internet is so big and
you got to break it down to think yes
somebody or a couple people had to have
thought it up engineered it invest into
it you know for it to actually work no
no Al Gore did not invent the Internet
think about when you were in history
class and you're reading about famous
inventors our founding fathers who look
at full see exactly see that technology
but you think about great inventors
Alexander Graham Bell Thomas Edison
Benjamin Franklin you know these crazy
awesome epic men and women that helped
better society this guy is gonna be
thought of the same way and he was part
of our you know we were we were around
we can say we were around when that was
happening and I don't know if that's as
crazy to think about for you guys is it
but like think about back in the day
when you know the light bulb was
invented there's there was no light bulb
and then poof light bulb you know like
to be around when that transition
happened no internet internet we are
that you know that generation a group of
people that saw that it's just I don't
know it's this me totally geeking out
when your kids have kids and you're that
cross you go grandma grandpa you'd like
Sony yeah when we were kids we wanted to
tick somebody we use something called
Twitter yeah I don't know
that's just my impression of an old man
or me is an old man if you're like me
sometimes you you take for granted of
the technology you know it had to surf
from somewhere and that man didn't give
up and he he helped a new generation of
I don't even know like it's just a new
new way for humans to interact and live
for better for worse here here's the
nice little debate we could do the
Internet is it a good thing or a bad
thing I mean some people could say you
know actually lessen human interaction
or sometimes it actually enhances your
interaction so I want everybody in the
comments right now to pay tribute to
this guy by typing in the comments thank
you Paul Baran for letting me type this
comment and share it with the world in
less than three seconds it's pretty
amazing when you think about that are
you just said whatever you want I also
wanted to put this into vlogs so when I
look back on this in like 10 years I
could be like wow yeah we came a long
way you know what I mean so Charles that
was for you and anyone else who was
interested
tell the internet what you just won I
won something would you win I don't know
my what am i a professor's I asked me to
come into her office saying that I was
in trouble and she handed me detention
the way she said it like I was in the
know of answering a question in class
and she's like oh Ali by the way come up
to my office after class I was like huh
way I would do that one more time I was
like I got one more time I won in the
weird category for a reason so I went up
to her office and she handed me an
envelope an envelope our envelope you'll
never believe what was inside a card was
inside in the envelope our envelope in
that card there was a piece of paper
that said I'm waiting for I'm waiting
forever and I still don't know to this
day I honestly don't know what it is but
I've won some kind of excellence in
undergraduate education award our weight
no not like I'm the teacher like I'm the
student excellence in undergraduate
education award and you won an award you
million dollars it is for Modern
Languages in linguistics but I don't
advise thank you yeah just get a high
five yeah you have to keep explaining
you got it have it everyone congratulate
Ali on what was it some kind of honors a
word for mind I'll record it I'll just
film it she has a she has a little Reese
recipient there was separate invitation
okay here it is
see fancy this is the envelope envelope
Spanish say something awesome in Spanish
okay perform this say something awesome
in French
Matushka something awesome in Italian Oh
Bassanio diamond panini come from module
for mother there's something awesome in
Japanese company no I mean what does she
die got say gone into this say something
awesome in Klingon I leave the
smartypants
everyone should congratulate her because
Jesus my pants now I know somebody you
might argue that the pinky is a very
useless finger this is how I beg to
differ
ready BAM case in point becomes an
instant easel see who said the pinky's
useless actually how many people
actually hold their phone like that
don't judge it's classy because my
pinky's out
see
with trippy
