yeah she doesn't want you to leave what
we're being attacked
sit up sit ready go
she literally did like literally but
spin like just rolled on her bum across
the floor hey go for it mark yeah hi
everyone as you can see we are not in
Tallahassee are we no we left
Orlando after dinner with everyone
around 12:30 in the morning and it was
apparently there in Florida right now
it's going to be raining all week and as
we were driving down a huge thunderstorm
like scary like rollin like explosions
like if wheezywaiter was outside our
window it was like that loud it's an
explosion
Zoe was like shaking so we didn't really
want to drive and we were exhausted we
actually said you didn't feel good right
now we're actually gonna go drive around
and see if we can find apartments we
don't even know where we want to live so
we're just gonna we're just gonna drive
let's see what we can find
we'll take you well show you let's get
it oh you want to live in that I thought
you meant that moving vehicle
oh we can live in that cheap seventy
percent and I win a baby I'm gonna bag
I'm gonna be there's food soon there's
no that vandal song yeah we can easily
live in there I'm perfect I start
Wow today's drive is going to be really
good to see
oh it's good tornado over there fancy
free lemonade your nose if there's like
a gap where your nose would be you know
a place is fancy when there's a steel
seal see how many times you guys could
say that steel steel steel co-co-co
co-co-co seals you'll see I can't do it
steel steel steel steel steel steel
steel steel steel steel steel steel
steel that's a tough that's a new one
that's gonna be the new one on steel
steel steel steel interrupting steel
steel steel steel I can't do it it
just keeps getting better and better
there so we have time it's almost 7
o'clock and we have to drive all the way
back to tell ya
look I'm getting I'm getting that accent
from living there hey wasn't played on
some sweat a right Tallahassee here's a
really funny thing about Florida to get
to the South you have to go north thing
kind of weird yes so we have to start
driving so we don't get home every one
o'clock at night which cycle we're gonna
end up having to
and this range if you look on the news
right now it's just me raining in
Florida for like a week gonna flood
Florida is gonna fall off
we're just a flood we're not gonna be
Florida I have no idea where the day is
going on a sick 9 o'clock at night we're
now just now starting our trip back to
Tallahassee
so I gotta get home so like 2 o'clock or
3 and of course still raining still
raining playing the game look at this
that's how much gas cost now ridiculous
but notice that even yeah how you do it
how you do it guys ohh
and I am so tired still i exhausted
playlist life is awesome though if you
guys weren't able to come come next year
or come to VidCon or actually come to
New York City we're gonna have like a
little mini gathering I'll let you know
more about that down the road but it'd
be like an April sometime you like every
time I'm noticing this out what I'm
adding in the vlogs what I think but I
think I just did it again every time I
think about something I go like that
you don't ever noticed that pretty weird
little little tick I have I guess
broken neck it was so funny the air
conditioning was on and Alice in this
perfect position she grabs her bottle
I'm demonstrate yep and just turned it
off that way with your feet those are
the weirdest things those neck pillows
alright alright looks like I'm gonna go
crazy because she's gonna pass out and
I'm gonna be talking to you guys the
whole time how is it that your water is
so smart yet your packaging is so dumb I
cannot open this it's so painful I can't
do it like that's like and I have names
like you know you're supposed to do
though you're supposed to use your teeth
that's what he's supposed to use your
teeth when you can't give
the teats the teeth of the water we are
home we are fine I can't yell it's 2
o'clock in the morning I can't yell too
much look at see how he's got a curly
hair reality hazard curly hair
that means she's tired because she
didn't do anything to it right well yeah
that's one of the indications you can
tell when Ally's really really tired is
that she has the curly hair cuz that's
her natural hair and she doesn't
straight now sir what are you doing and
toy thief okay well looks like
everyone's happy now this is the real
reason why we're moving our neighbors
hate this she just mimics you yeah take
out your frustration I think she thinks
that's you right now we're making her
stop annoying place oh so I almost
forgot before the video is over where we
say goodnight I get a give you back your
nose alright guys I'll see you tomorrow
thank you for that I was Zoe burping oh
say I did too
anyway guys time to go to bed I'll take
there now tonight
you
psst
