dreamgirl what are you gonna do I'm
talking like that because I have a voice
that's just it sounds like I've smoked a
pack a day / brave brave soul all the
fanboys are cringing hey guys so we just
did you know the interactive vlog kind
of like talking to everybody was really
cool for everyone you know that kind of
came out if you're wondering why I'm
dancing right now you're just gonna have
to check out that channel later and
figure it out but yeah it was really
cool was really good you know talk to
everyone most embarrassing thing was
that my voice cracked twice so it was
kind of you know embarrassing but that's
really I should start vlogging and
dancing like this all the time
I was grabbing you guys look the whole
time that's why I was acting weird on
the phone I was like yeah it doesn't I
didn't what I should've gone for use
down anyway sure I got him
haha 1d
pi PI a balloon in the air you've never
played that it's a child than us yeah
definitely
everyone's playing Oh game over where
are we going chocolate Mountain what Oh
Dora are you happy are you so excited I
woke up this morning and I had like a
serious man voice I kind of always have
a man voice but especially now talk
really low Jay's on de chocolate let's
go or enjoy older I'm just gonna film
every time I awesome phone for today
thank you thank you
thank you I'll never let go
good how do you feel about chicken and
dumplings
that was disgusting i was literally the
grossest thing I've ever seen correct we
are dragging ass today I'm really happy
to be a part of place like this after
cracker bell I oh ok let's go but it's
like I feel like at any second i could
just like pass up
when it comes around again I'm not going
with him
this requires still
kitchenette mechanic neglects the place
hey do not use those that's a good China
it's a good China all right I'm sorry
man go to give a context and be on time
just helping clean right now we got a
vacuum
see you clean up after this yes so for
some of you guys yesterday and I saw
yesterday's blog we filmed the epic
pillow fight and there were feathers
everywhere so I obviously felt bad I was
not gonna make the cleaning people clean
up after our mess so yeah I helped her
and it looks a lot better doesn't it
look at the feathers lead out of our
room and Oliver the hair oh man we're
enough to clean that up too so if you
stay at this hotel see if you can find
the floor with all the feathers oh these
are all the people in mind waiting to
meet Charles just keep away you go
yo
was anybody so sweet
and the mountains
junk that I was off again Rick tip I
don't think I got it all but yeah that
was really good
hey harmony
to tear right
the yard 100
where
he's gonna wear the new Chuck
is really
I want to like try
yeah she's not in a hole
how do you say wife Leslie Oh Austin
what was right that's gonna be hard to
Spanish aids there we go kind of snake
or worm wanted anyone like i don't know
what that is but i didn't know
it's a rap it's a rap
hardcore more like
two hours hardcore
for me
you
everybody that's here thank you so much
to Eileen if you see her in her yellow
american apparel hoodie and say thank
you for everybody to perform you guys
make this thing happen it was so much
fun for us I hope it was as much fun for
you as it was for us plus for Kevin to
put this all together oh man just
imagine how scary that is apparently
that felt like I felt by you can see
with the attention right there what was
funny is I was walking to go see nice
Peter and I was right there and it just
went BAM best gets my worst fear that is
so scary I was wondering what that loud
noise was too like I said the coolest
things or scariest things the most
interesting things are never vlog I got
it oh I didn't get it stupid thing was
in a way oh there's it for those of you
who don't know what's going on they're
throwing jelly beans and banking it off
the glass honey she's progressing like
man
last dinner with everybody and then
we're gonna start driving yeah you
checked out already not yet where'd you
leave you leave this with everyone very
sad day night fun times yes Shay Carl
what are you doing it's not yawning Toby
dope tell me what this means an outro of
darkness is ready otro of darkness and
possibly redness and whiteness hello or
just Eunice well you have a stand on
you're a loser everyone playing other
photo it's so far just a little icky is
really funny what I didn't notice that
that was like observing everybody on the
table that all the bloggers a very
unique style when they hold their
cameras like everybody hold your camera
differently and I was just like
emulating everybody like Justine that's
his word like half grip on one side and
caters just like a like a credit pinch
move hey and I can a cool story
little app little ass it doesn't it was
kidding and the blogs are now kayla yeah
it'll forever thanks man thanks guys hi
hi I missed you girls oh I know I know
yeah oh you know your tear up hi hi
don't know what you're doing do you want
attention go say hi go say hi um wow
this weekend has been a blast it was so
cool I gotta I gotta give major props to
district lines and Kevin in particular
Eileen for putting and everyone else
that I'm putting this on and all you
guys that came was unbelievable there
was like I think there was like um I
think they said around maybe I know I
know they want to be on camera but I get
was huge and it was great to be able to
see everybody so I hope you guys had fun
if you were there I hope we got to meet
you guys got to say hi keep it high five
hug whatever it was really cool it was
really a lot of fun but right now I am
running on four hours of sleep I am
falling his speed dislike hold this
camera so that you guys nurses like if
they're gradually like following like
this so I'm gonna get the bed wake up
early and drive back home to Tallahassee
I will see you guys later and goodnight
see what you did
wait
where's the theater
giddy with y'all trippin
where's with chakra finale
