welcome to play those lines hey guys
it's Earth Day turn off the lights that
is so cool
I could spend like 30 minutes doing this
did you see this you can turn off the
lights on YouTube I should probably talk
oh now we'll turn off all this stupid
light bulb all right Earth Hour
so last night I was super thirsty and
they have these things these are the
this is the minibar well the mini bars
down there actually but this is like you
know where the snacks and these things
are weighted so you pretty much have to
do the Indiana Jones you know Temple of
Doom and switch out water and I was I
was super thirsty so I just bought a
bottle I grabbed a bottle of water and
it turned out the bottle of water that I
drank was where is this where is this it
was 750 for this so I switched it out
with our dollar or 50 cent CVS water I
want to see if they notice the
difference I'm gonna go check out the
pool area because it looks pretty epic
and it's sure enough it is frickin
awesome you know what when I make a
billion dollars that's what I'm gonna do
where you find Shay Shay you guys we
were trying to try to scare didn't work
lovely ladies what are your names Carly
no you look great you look great
I see some moves this is moving pictures
damn you're actually really good okay
yep like the ballroom it's gorgeous and
Mitchell Davis's are there
I think this line is for shake yes but
to ends
first like an I thought you're gonna
body slam her camera that's not gonna go
on YouTube is it it is that gonna go on
YouTube I wonder to the other YouTube I
don't know
yeah it's new it's a new thing but you
know you don't look a day over 12 so
it's good oh do you know who I just saw
from afar I just saw Arturo Trejo from
afar and I'm just taking a ride on this
escalator I'm gonna get there eventually
I'm starstruck again look who I found
we're men Turo
I can't even do it oh you have to do it
III fail every time I try to yeah you
don't know who he is
you've obviously not been paying
attention he's there are other friends
sub box yeah just GTFO though I know you
know projectile vomiting dairy products
there's not that long ago discussing how
milk comes out it's really bad yeah
ladies yes there we go all right you
guys remember in the Orlando gathering
this face his lovely face was beaten by
me several times in our p.m. there we go
she's kind of throw scissors watch so
there then summon my fair princess card
so I have to run down to the lobby and
meet up with them
I gotta find
hey hey hi hi
since Shea has so many he's letting us
have one yeah we get princess card all
you want bill were you like signing
autographs all day you were so popular
the most popular that's your table huh
what did you write on everybody's paper
PT et with a smiley very good for a long
time she's not a rock star rocks job hey
one day we uh we gotta got lost here
pretty much like you know where you're
going this is why can't you can't let
princess tower give you directions she
gives you lost this hotel is so massive
okay
we found the elevator does it matter at
the right numbers
elevators are the wrong numbers let's go
to the lobby and go to the other go to
the other elevator it's got different
sets of elevators just precedent she's
president elevator button too much in my
worst fear is getting stuck in an
elevator I'm like mrs. Hart please don't
hit the emergency button that would be
my worst nightmare right there
more than I could now you know what I
would have a competition I'm whatever
hard real competition okay I got you my
little woman cave over here go that was
like a flip that was like it was like a
crazy flip
yeah really yeah I have been doing my
head I'm sorry
so think it might work she's gonna
destroy this hotel we're getting ready
to shoot a new video we're gonna shoot a
video while we're out here it's gonna be
pretty epic and we're pushing removed
the entire a hotel room around and we're
combining it to a giant bed and it's to
be pretty interesting and we got our
feathers we got our feathers can you
guess what's gonna happen get a white
box and we got all our actresses right
now but yeah basically when I have this
epic pillow fight with these lovely
ladies we don't remember I said we don't
have any feathers so we're gonna cut
these pillows we got Jesse we got DJ the
Justin we got Eric back there and we're
going to use hair dryers to blow the
feathers all over the place it's going
to be epic and maybe Freddy Freddy W
might come help make even more epic
no that was the photo probably beautiful
photo though drunk so you guys are fine
okay actually if you if you want to go
like we're the lamp that's like yeah
against this wall you can go here cube
is there anything because I might get
somebody here okay okay so the
transition everyone getting up now
you're gonna like your face pacer look
you're gonna hit someone else there's a
madness on with you and then Hogan's
gonna it's gonna be like a shot you're
like going away anguish the pillow on
someone's face and Olga's there behind
you and then yours is gonna be small so
I can be either like Todd sighs probably
not I might want to use another like I
might want to make a pillow out of
others later so we want to say that
birds died not in vain
in tonight's gonna be Internet's not
gonna come down
like this like shake the feathers off
okay everyone okay yeah I was just
making sure everyone's okay we're taking
a time out from the video shoe and
everyone's still in their pajamas
because we want to go see Driftless Pony
Club
I can touch the roof now the carnage
we're finishing this up now okay I'll
put you guys down and focus great to
test Kafka do I still have the feather
on my head
all right let's see your club fuck
I am now getting the power of YouTube
Dali Lama this acid on ice Peter and we
are going to pass it on today's cause
make it festive snappy balloons you even
balloon you guys's hats look amazing by
the way we did it we did it
pull it - oh snap there we go it's fun
this blog is going to be so dark sorry
about that
look at everyone's in there fun hey high
five be quiet or wheezywaiter you can
quote me everyone just close your eyes I
promise you'll recognize everybody
everybody be quiet
you guys tomorrow
good night
you
