bobis dozen balls Justin I love that
song bob is Justin what is it saw this
as an what what what stupid it's what
father's gisin good morning Bob good
morning barbra streisand ok so currently
at this moment you did it again we are
currently ok so driving to campus and
I'm very excited because today is a day
today's the day that we leave to
playlist live this bday that is accurate
that's this information that I'm
currently providing to you is in fact
I'll where true they are wearing blue is
it whoa Bobby's try then alright show
the internet your dance move all right
the fork in a garbage disposal Ali
discovered this video and this is all
she's been doing the fork in the guy was
just said something do it let's do the
fork and the gun is the sponsor ding
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding ding didn't make anything
anything this is it she's been doing
that like constantly console is why you
can't show her like videos on the
internet so constantly doing it we're
gay I got to take that stuff to the post
office first then we can go go pack a
sweater just in case all right good
don't eat your tongue but your tongue in
your mouth I look at that that's
something you don't see every day oh not
anymore at least like actual physical
buttons usually everything's like a
touchscreen
that resorting back to the olden days
the old the holy days I was just having
a national conversation at a local
circle k and okay they were having a
debate on whether or not guys could use
a ladies restroom for example like if
the men's restroom is busy right and the
women's restroom is completely like
empty it's kind of wrong for the guy to
go use the women's restroom but when
it's the opposite a girl has to use
restroom and the girls is occupied it's
okay for her to use the veil rest or
it's like a double standard women's
restroom is generally cleaner not all
the time generally cleaner so if a girl
is willing to handle what goes on in a
men's restroom I guess that's why it's
like punishment enough if you have to go
into a men's restroom men's public
restroom probably the grossest thing you
could probably ever yeah ever go into I
feel like I always need to take a bath
and like hand sanitizer and just
disinfecting then remove my top layer of
my skin side gross for a germaphobe it's
pretty bad I'm not being dramatic look
at Marla she's got a big cut pin so he's
not leaving her side so they are you all
right down there for marlis marlis stop
bleeding that's good that's good you
want to smell it oh she was really happy
when she found out she was that close to
her treats though mr. dragonfly excuse
me ma'am tip tickets it lasted to the
gun show
light screen to see how fast you can eat
this ready go now okay
all right guys prepare to have your
minds blown okay get ready just watch
out his face and slipknot and justin
bieber and I don't know why what I can't
hate it I cannot hate it why is the word
right I'll get better get better
ha
and was perfectly Bravo who ever figure
that out Bravo I'll put out that I don't
know what it is such an unlikely match
but so harmonious I just can't hate it
like I really like it it actually sounds
really good are you ready to go mar div
your travel pillow on do you ever
traveled huh
I wish you could talk actually no I
don't you'd be a total blood crack how
you wake up every time I go at the fun
place called walmart we're trying to
find a bunch of feathers we're gonna
shoot a video with Justin folga giant
book it's a gangster bunny that's why is
that the whole time what's up man it
does look like that he's pretty high
we're having to get a bunch of feathers
right now we're gonna shoot a epic video
tomorrow with Christine Melissa Ali
Megan Justine Olga exotic Jess who else
is in it there's like a million one
people right so and what it was the
video gonna be I don't know you'll just
have to see what what's gonna happen all
right first person that walks through
there that would actually hurt really
bad hot tar could we have actually found
the one item walmart doesn't carry do
they seriously not have it you would
think of it have feathers just come to
buy a bunch of pillows and just cut them
up when all else fails you buy a pillow
and you cut it up but here's another
really funny thing you would think a
feather pillow would be something you
know very abundant but I guess everyone
sleeps on like microfibers and like sort
of Peter whatever something you can't
find feathers accept this cool here's
except the one in jumping yo giant
lettering the PES feather in my face I
want real feather we got a nice little
editing hub over here everyone's got the
little computers wait wait wait where's
your grad life stuff yep see Justin's
editing why why it's in New York and it
I did anything I did the bidding what
are you doing died I'm working on that
look at that sweet computer sweet puter
Rogan Annette
you know I can't not do
chug-chug-chug island ray is gonna be
gone all right I gotta go for the second
one don't tell that man anything I was
where she Marley Marley down I know hi
surprise magic yeah this guy here it's
about one o'clock we're just gonna go to
bed then we're going to go to playlist
live early in the morning oh and i
forgot to say if you're not going to
play this live like i always do when we
travel I like to upload throughout the
day kind of a little bit more than I
usually do on our iPhone channel so
youtube com such trippy so if you can't
go to playlist live and if you want to
see what we're doing before the vlog if
you're just so anxious like a lot of you
are go subscribe to that channel or just
be looking out for that channel and i'll
try to upload as much as i possibly can
but i'm really looking forward to some
hopefully i get to see a lot of you
CTFxC ears out there so I'm just going
to edit this vlog go to sleep wake up
early okay sooo bad right now how many
people think Ali will sleep in beyond
when we need to go who thinks says she
won't wake up I'm raising my hand you
want to wear it Marley please go away
you look like you have a flying saucer
beautiful shut up how's your little
booboo great that's a great that's
always quote okay no one else in the
comments that's a great look how many
awesome has to happen right he'll he's
got a bunch no one ever wears hats
anymore if they're great this is my Mary
Poppins oh is that just like my Falcon
can love it look at that guy 1994 that's
a styling j biebs hair right there MVP I
was a star player guys look at I even
signed my name and gold pen I mean
business they're my stats bro through
those 68 pounds a pure fury I'm
those are why do you save your old shoes
because I wrote on the shoes what um
what Parts I danced in them that's a lot
of shoes does it in the back like crap
okay that's how much you really are need
to be yeah there is freedom I wore them
out I could just imagine you when you
were younger you put onto the string go
like a t-rex soapy soapy she really
wants like she really good how she took
it haha I've never heard that noise that
I've had these for 20 years
I thought high five at signon was
annoying noise like all right you don't
we use that noise that's gonna be
Godzilla feet doesn't make any sense
there you go it's smart CTFxC for the
win Charles
Zoey Marley Marley CTFxC for the win
you
CTFxC for the win
