oh here we go good morning guys last
night we got home at 3:30 which is
almost 24 hours of driving we start for
sure that we won't have to do 24 hours
with stopping we completely forgot we
had to stop again and taken up like a
little little rest at a rest area sleep
for like 10-15 minutes in order to be
safe anyway so we got home so so late we
just walked in the house and literally
I'm nineteen graduating so face first in
the bed it just fell asleep and as a
result we've left everything in the car
so I'm doing the fun thing of getting
everything out right now because I just
walked the dogs because I didn't want to
do it last night that's for sure Oh
worst actually no number I'm not the
worst interestingly enough I have to
kind of stay unpacked again I'm
basically staying tact for a little bit
over a month and a half because we leave
for VidCon for today Monday Wednesday we
wait for Wednesday and then by the way I
think we have a meet-up on a thursday
for VidCon and I think we have a panel
or two I don't know maybe Friday I'll
put all the information as soon as I get
it just follow us on Twitter and I will
let you guys know I promise you I want
to be a buncha guys also the hats also
are there's a spider right there fucking
spider they will be at VidCon first so
these hats right here so make sure go to
the dftba booth inside the convention
center of VidCon and you can pick you
know 104 I'll collect all four we have a
limited amount at VidCon and then
eventually I'll put them back on the CTF
at sealers page but I wanted to do
something kind of a little bit more
interesting or unique to VidCon first
like an exclusive type of thing because
I've never actually gotten the chance to
do that because I've always spotted it a
little bit too late but not this year
I'm on top of things sort of this dogs
going didn't litter and who are we
kidding Neil - and find that yeah let
him cut a little dinosaur because it now
especially before Diesel sees it
honestly there's a little bit of food
and she got stuck for like good 30
seconds and could get out what happened
that's what happens dude and now she got
stuck in the bag this is what happened
Marv was trying to find food call her
over there
sushi might up yes she got stuck in the
back happens when you try to beg for
food all the time or tries to crown
geing
oh now you're shaking well you did it
you want to get from the city of Memphis
these were for you go get Marla you
ready have one
you're such a dick marks a key all right
Dee I'll get you another one get it
before Marley you're a little thief yeah
I need to go on a frickin run right now
after being in the car for now for of 24
hours times 2 48 hours is your block so
you know what I'm gonna do I'm going to
put the GoPro on my head to surf on just
for fun okay this is what I like to do
like they have my face on you I'm gonna
go try it for a run and this is probably
going to be very weird but I kind of
want to do it because this is one of my
favorite angles on the vlogs
there we go okay right now the goal is
to run delete two miles a day there she
is
I just can't see around this thing there
we go
I get to see Elliott way too freaking
fat I do this that's too much doesn't it
all right thickness you sure you don't
want run with us run with this but it's
fun
yummy fall over baby how's it look
giggles guess PVC oh thank you to have
any bats in the back here
how are my pores HD 4k that's on my head
I can do it I go like this now you can
see it go go go go okay just go like
this go are you embarrassed
right the only thing is they gotta hold
it like this I got a hook like this
other way to bounce
knowing what so what's more exhausting
holding this on my head it's unplug no I
think it's just my head's not big enough
so the first time ever or it might not
be tight enough or I think it might be
just too op sided I'll catch up to you
later
two thumbs up so much folk just do that
with my little okay bye bye
I like the kind of clams let's look at
think she's getting ready for Despicable
Me
oh my god I love them I don't I just
love this and use the Winnie like I was
anticipate on Dominion like now I get it
they're really funny but I love the
little for my shirt so freaking - I'm
such a star wall don't like with cream
who like
you have some valid
wait if somebody into think don't do
that there's ulti flight but the party
don't deal with their husband or
boyfriend or they do actually I do
ladies gentlemen this was the link when
you do that everything very loud Osprey
do you trying to call something a leap
helping throw Valentina April you are
throwing I'm sorry Valentina a baby shot
right that was called a shower no TV on
if you're going to do that usually want
quick and witty about it it's often sure
how would this get her this for a baby
shower a big shower
you're a trippy now I'm painting you on
a crawfish boil
I know I wanna maybe say your baby
shower we'll get you crawfish as are
something about I don't want to make it
cheesy I want to make it have to be one
oh you know what we could find
actually I can't tell you guys although
that is pretty awesome there's a minion
I can't get them with too many details
you put a little babies in it and we are
these baby for some reason I forget
why'd you do the baby change perfect and
ease our rise to say a favor sunny
flavor but there's some reason why
claiming new Robo duckies I just
selected a July parties like little
penises
yeah weird you see good but all these
candies in this thing oh by the way I
know a lot of you guys saw yesterday's
video and it was very hard to share a
lot of those things but I'm so happy
that a lot of you guys really
appreciated it and send so many awesome
comments I was curious a lot of you guys
wanted to very similar thing but Google
for Ally I kind of asked her those
questions of raw uncut question
some of the questions already quit or
some questions that she's never really
kind of answered or not really I want to
say uncomfortable with but to some
questions that you know make it a little
bit more raw kind of like that video we
did share some things with YouTube we
haven't normally done if you think we
should do that please in the comments
write some questions that I should ask
her I'll make sure she does not look at
the questions or the comments the next
couple days or at least from this video
so please read some questions and I'll
ask her the same way I know I thought it
becomes gold we did it with me I think
it's kind of appropriate we do with her
so ask away
that's on this card okay can you see it
alright ready play is going to play get
loose on your birthday I love it can I
say that one night play is going to play
it's because the fact that that photo
you can't get over it oh what I do and
we're just going to walk away from that
I'd use a button I didn't even do
anything
the alarm is still going off priorities
I guess literally taking anything here
all by the way as realize I was filming
this in the bra alley was just here as
he left me excited for the pervert you
did left me driver pick up
ya know now I just look like a pervert
filming I just looked like a giant
pervert in there filming I just realized
I was talking to him and I looked around
like autographs if he's very awkward
that alarm is still going off Robert
look at the bottom story coming off yes
Anthony shoes such strong men carry
groceries with two arms all groceries
you strong to do this for a while no
there you go there's your workout
alright I gotta get out we gonna attack
right this is what black wind dogs
attack back happy birth all right guys
before a in today's video I just really
wanted to say if you have not seen it go
check out yesterday's video please I'll
put a link down the description to be
completely honest I was really really
nervous about kind of making that video
I'm always really nervous when I'm very
vulnerable vulnerable there we go
I always have a hard time saying that
word for somebody's invulnerable
it's like saying the word try it right
now edited say I edited it but I was
very vulnerable about making that video
because it's it's hard like you know
like I said in the video if you do an
exaggerated version of yourself but at
the same time you're very open but you
try to say very private we're almost on
dates three thousand consecutive daily
videos I think that's like and sometime
in July and I really sure some I want to
do as I'm sure can figure it out and if
you do please let me know
I mean I've shared so much and it's kind
of hard to talk about in depth like I
can say on the surface it's like yeah
you know like having the brain tumor
sucks but in depth how that if a being a
feel and things like that it's kind of
hard to talk about editing rate please
go check that video out and if you guys
want we'll try to do one with Ally
but right now I'm going to go to sleep
because I'm still so freakin exhausted
from that 24 hour drive and a comp I got
a repack vidcon's in two days actually
when you're watching this one day all I
know for sure is that our meet and greet
is Thursday so I will hopefully see you
a Thursday
great though we look at I truly hope
look what what if you're gonna get up
and bark get up and bark those sit there
from your throne
it was pretty scary dogs ever feel like
I'm gonna stay here just you know bark
from here I jogged and I that you
shouldn't be on but I just wanted to say
thank you guys so much for sticking
through all the ups and downs every time
I just get blown away I know I've said
this a million times and sounds like a
broken mp3 see you guys tomorrow
please if you're brand new don't forget
to subscribe and all that fun jazz
alright guys have a good night
you
