yep I left a mess
hi guys good morning so yeah last night
i was up till about five i think it was
about six it was closer to 6i i left you
guys about five anyway right now I'm
trying to put the apartment back
together as you can see total mess I
didn't really want to do it last night
and I continues into oh man this is this
one's bad this one Ahlers like what did
you do uh yeah so kind of made a mess
over there oh there's more right there
but yeah the video came out good I got
it uploaded if you haven't seen it just
go to click the link in the South
awesome bar just click that annotation
right here and it'll take you to it and
we're giving away a bunch of t-shirts of
ours we're giving away six of our
t-shirts of the winner's choice so if
you didn't even know we had a new video
please click that annotation go check it
out and get your chance to win some free
stuff cuz you know you guys expressed to
me that you like free things so I was
like okay i'll give them some more for
you things so I'm just gonna start
cleaning up everything all geez more in
there and then start packing because we
leave in two days for playlist live and
I'm really excited about that alright
stop procrastinating I gotta go I gotta
go clean up I think screw season a lot
of it Ali's the true dog whisperer the
dog whisperer just going to the post
office to ship out some of the
International winners from
contest we had I wanted to get it to you
guys before we left ok so who's going to
playlist live raise your hands right now
even though I won't be able to see raise
your hands by like saying I'm raising my
hand in the comments so Ali myself
melissa lauren my mom Justin it's gonna
be a family event we're all going think
Ali my sister sister Justin and I have
like a meet and greet at some point I
don't know this you'll see the schedule
if you're going 50 ctx here's going make
sure to come I'd love to see you guys
shake your hand give you a high five I
think they're gonna have some t-shirts
there so for those people who aren't
able to buy shirts because you'll have a
credit card or PayPal or anything like
that they're gonna actually have
physical ones you can do with like cash
or something I don't know so that's what
I was told I'm not a hundred percent on
that one but one hundred percent will be
there and then what else is going on
this week oh I think we actually might
be going to New York we might be going
in New York City again in April and
we're gonna have a super secret not so
secret gathering again in New York City
so that's that's something look forward
to I'm actually really stoked on that
one oh man what else is going on
thousand eleven is friggin awesome Lee
busy i love it i love being see the
thing is like what I'm not busy I feel
like I'm not productive and my brain
feels like it's us like like like
shriveling up like a prune I think what
it is I would make fun of me a lot is
that I thrive on like stress that like
really bad stress but more of like like
the stress this keeps me motivated you
know what I mean I think that's I know I
know that seems like kind of backward
for a lot of people but I don't know hi
Joe I enjoy too much stress sucks though
then you get ulcers and stomach aches
and headaches we were just walking and I
thought these were all worms I thought I
was crunching a bunch of worms but it's
what is this this is like pollen various
pollen things what is it Mar what is it
to what are you doing stop it you're so
annoying Full Nelson I'm gonna put you
in a full nelson dude Oh story time I
forgot to tell you this morning so last
night i went to bed around i think it
was like close to white on my board time
for us anyway Marley woke me up around
six-thirty no 5 45 in the morning
yeah to go pee I heard the bell at the
front door so I took her out I guess she
was still really tired so she ran down
the stairs and then when she was about
to run back up the stairs cuz she was
done she missed the first two steps and
barreled face-first into the third one
and then tumbled down litter I'm not but
I say tumbled I mean somersault down the
stairs and the noise was so loud it woke
up all the dogs around her like
apartment she was limping on her two
feet and that she wouldn't go up the
stairs I had to literally carry her up
the stairs it was actually the most
pathetic sad thing I've ever seen my
life she was just like whimpering and
just like holding her her little feet
then of course you know I made me
forgive her a little bit for having to
wake up at five in the morning after
falling asleep like 4 30 minutes but
since yesterday was kind of a stressful
day I'm promising myself a nice relaxing
relaxing calm day before we have to
travel so this would take a nice
leisurely walk enjoy nature maybe see
some snakes doing it I don't know
because apparently what I saw doesn't
exist yes we're still talking about that
but yeah pretty much killing time to cuz
I'll he has to run a paper and then we
could hopefully do something later
tonight she has like a six or seven page
paper and she took one for the team
yesterday she didn't write their paper
yesterday because she was helping film
the skit that we just uploaded yesterday
so everyone should go say thank you to
Ali say thank you ali in the comments
because she she definitely took one for
the team now she's kind of stressed out
so i'm gonna have to get her favorite
candy and maybe you make her favorite
dinner well by the way I forgot to ask
you were you able to find all five of
the continuity errors that we put in
real life super human there are five
continuity errors there might be more
but there's five on purpose that Ali and
I put in the video for you guys to find
like a little scavenger hunt I wanted
some some of you found it there's a
couple of you that found it but not all
five but there's five of them just to
let you know so yeah if you haven't
found those go check that out alright so
I was walking the dogs and I met Bo and
Terry and I just let you guys explain
what you just did
basically we came out here where you
came out here to walk and we've stopped
and looked at the dogs and we like
turned and we're going to walk that way
and she asked me do you want to walk
that way so I turned and I saw Charles
his hat I was like another hat that has
to be him by my douchebag hat they found
the boobs thing and they marked it with
a CT of X 2 users actually the first
person to find that do so that's pretty
funny I was we were walking and I saw
under the widows and that's the pretty
awesome time to put this skin it's like
as um i guess it's like this thing
that's covers helicopter blades and i'm
gonna use it to protect my iPad because
I you know what I I'm such a geek when
it comes to my my iphone ipad I don't
like covering up the stupid apple logo I
don't make fun of me make fun of me I
give you guys 30 seconds to just make
fun of me right now I don't like
covering it up so I got this little skin
hoping that it'll you know protect it
you guys know I'm so OCD and like so
protective with my gadgets even though I
dropped my iphone don't use that as I
don't use as like leverage against me so
we'll see if this works then afterwards
I can take my keys and like scratch it
so you can't even tell it's on there
till you go like this I gotta get all
the bubbles gotta get all the bubbles
out this is cool quick quick question
guys how come water expires in like four
months gotcha this is how I know it's
time to feed the fish the two little
white guys go over there and they hang
out by the fish hood who will win epic
battle she will let you do it buster oh
we got the little little munchkin
whoever got her that toy that's like
your favorite toy ever uh what happened
the knot is
so you're the well she just brings it
right back to you like here here you go
is not get it out Marley young no that's
good when they start playing with each
other take it away pinky what are you
doing Oh guess what our apartment
complex still has yet to fix our air
conditioning yeah it's like it's 79 78
78 degrees right now Todd what is that I
think I found my doppelganger so it was
a JP I I or something on dailybooth um
is wearing a raffle really yeah he uh he
got an ipad and he's wearing a ruffle
shirt yes I don't know on quick glance I
was like wait when did I take that photo
there's another naked lady this place is
like notorious not you
oh yeah I know the big oversized gear
well it is that oversized beer though oh
by the way I read you have to
congratulate them there we go motion
everyone say congratulations Eric in the
comments made for promotion after
waiting like six months you don't
good internet or show the love but he
doesn't have a Twitter on Twitter oh no
Twitter it's like my just talk through
the comments actually you guys will be a
playlist live to dance give me a giant
party giant party you'll be there I
think now Alex that goes going for she's
not it like no sharing there's no
sharing what's my finger Oh sharpie
awesome guys like my new tat my new path
and dad's for the freckled ass
is that your thinking face right now oh
my god oh my god okay I'll get the hair
Oh Chrissy you forgot Duane spill out
now it's fails just keep happening tasti
d'lite now on the floor eric boe 31 all
over your supposed or falling over
thank God
son how drunk dialing works that's true
yeah there's the beard girl I got a jug
of beer oh look at that inappropriate
hey no she's alcohol-free watch out oh
um ma guys out there oh you left
yourself open on that one you stole the
internet just like Oh suck it you're so
1996 as you can see from our PowerPoint
presentations suck it like the sky then
drink a thing Durga thing ya know Teresa
huh oh hi hi guys oh did somebody do
something bad did you do did you do
something bad huh did you do something
wrong it's to me in a while yeah where's
Kimmy okay what you do would you do
something happened okay what happened
what what did you tell me what you did
tell me what do you do finally what did
you do tell me Miley what did you do
what did you do
what did you do what what what what else
what else did you go in the kitchen did
you go in the kitchen hmm did you pee
pee on the carpet did you eat something
you weren't supposed to eat what did you
do your she's probably doing is watching
the guilty dog on you too it's like okay
how can I make this funny so that way I
don't get in trouble hey guys thank you
so much for watching today's video it's
actually the 800th video we've ever
uploaded on the CTFxC channel so thumbs
up for that don't don't worry you didn't
miss any days it's actually still 692
but because the interactive vlogs blah
blah blah doesn't matter if you haven't
checked out our latest skid it's on
youtube com / Charles Trippy you can
click right here it'll transfer rate to
it because it's internet magic YouTube
you YouTube internet magic so go check
it out see if you guys can find the
continuity errors and also we're giving
away a bunch of free shirts over there
so please click it go check it out I
hope you guys enjoy also I will see you
guys at playlist live if not I will see
you in New York City if not I will see
you in LA one day I will see all of you
all right good night guys have a great
night see you tomorrow CTFxC for the win
Charles Zoe CTFxC for the wind
CTFxC for the win
