no oh sweet i was close keep on suckin
mr. vacuum hey guys good morning or I
should say afternoon uh yeah so I'm
currently okay so i'm currently dirt I
did it again I've gotten better I've
gotten better though so I'm writing up a
little storyboard I'm going to shoot a
video today for the Charles Trippy
channel it's actually for a movie that
just came out you guys have actually
probably seen it i'll have a link at the
end of this video so please go check it
out i'll be on youtube.com / Charles
Trippy we're going to start shooting as
soon as Ali gets home so I'm just
charging the battery actually been from
ruling the internet youtube.com slash
ruin the internet or AK dr. zombie
actually helped me write this I just had
to be productive I wanted to be creative
and film something for the trailers
review channel because I haven't done in
a while to be completely honest it's
been it's challenging to do you know
skits for the trellis trippy's channel
Ali's channel do the iPhone videos and
then daily vlogs and keep them all
interesting but I'm getting better I'm
getting better and you know if we do
this for 10 years maybe I'll have it
down to a science I'm going to try to
get better now that Ali's gonna be
graduating in a couple months we're
gonna have a lot more free time and I
think we'll be able to organize things a
lot more but I just made my prop for my
NZT yes this look pretty good legit I
couldn't find the logo so I hit the
photoshop this myself so I thought I was
pretty proud of this another bubbles
holy crap to see how else I good that
was a good bluff
on this a lot of you guys asked me like
if I like my 7d um compared to like a 60
B and things like that in 5d uh this is
the problem that I'm noticing and by the
way I don't know what it is every time I
shoot with fluorescent lights it makes
me very very sleepy this is the only
problem i can't see what's going on
right here i can't tell if I'm in focus
that's me hello hi guys so it's on my
phone I can control it you can I could
hit record in my phone other than that I
don't know so I'm just waiting for Ali
still I'm just kind of set everything up
so in this video I'm supposed to be on
some sort of drug and I was like you
know what how can I really convey drug
this is kind of like behind the scenes
by the way this vlog is going to be
behind the scenes of the trellis
trippy's kid I haven't done that in a
while and I was like okay I'm totally
using the wide-angle lens and I'm going
to try to do the clone thing that a lot
of law wheezy waiter or research guitar
man people like that through the clones
or Natalie so okay check this out tell
me if this looks trippy or drug induced
doesn't that make our apartment look
like so much so much bigger like if I
was zooming it's not as big but if I
pull it out like that makes it look so
big like like whoa man what am I on
right now so pulling out all stops right
now I'm actually I'm getting pumped I
miss making videos all the time this is
fun saying this look at those pins when
your pant late unbutton your pants real
quick don't don't bring home other pants
on that's why they're so ridiculous I'm
gonna have all my alter egos or all my
old characters and videos in this one
crazy one and Zoey's drinking water
again she literally will not stop it's
been going on for a really long time
paint dripping for the no no caffeine is
naked
it not really she isn't a bathing suit
you look naked though this is this is a
mind f I'm trying to figure out how to
do this shot okay okay we're not baking
bound to the world man that is right mmm
I thought it was gorilla on the back oh
well I'll put them in there somewhere
this is Charles you know what this makes
me think of those videos a long time ago
where like did teach you how to dance
videos you know and I'm Duncan do you
know I'm talking about Christina's out
to lose it over there we're gonna have
like like Moses okay promise you to put
the tie on first look it is put a little
oh okay I know exactly huh this is the
gorilla costume I wore during warp tour
2002 to advertise for our band just for
fun oh whatever i bet you were hot as
hell I picked up a lot chicks in this
before you though don't worry about it
that's supposed to make me feel good I
guess I guess the girls like the hairy
Harry okay keeping a blonde chicks cuz
we can see his face ah flip snap
Christine with a bird oh is it daddy oh
she's like kind of like attack him no
fool are we gotta we gotta do another
trip eversion we're gonna do it like a
walk backward type of thing and what
better place to walk backward then a
train track I mean that is just it's so
trippy man I don't have that kind of
balance
I can use the camera see I can't do it
anyone want some ribbons on the rocks
all right where the jungle on the trains
filming the native Amazonian what is
Charles doing I'm creating the illusion
be on MPT all right so each other each
other each other jacket a good girl yep
she does walk on it she can't like I
guess it's kind of hard to get your
crack likes to like we're gonna take 500
and waiting
okay so since that's a wide angle and
it's going to get that weird kind of
your fifth
dude okay here we go he's about to reach
the branch it moved yeah hey made it
what a versatile alpha who just took me
off a string of the way they walk like
it look at this a body gan group groupid
Molly's like no I'm good what are you
doing what are you doing in the Sowers
who ok so it's eight o'clock now I still
got a bunch of scenes still to do and I
got to start editing the vlog to be
caught up so I'm not up all night I
completely forgot how like time
consuming and exhausting like filming
simultaneously like that could be but
you guys are worth it and I hope you
appreciate it I know you guys do CTFxC
you guys are for haters but you're for
lovers too here's a hardcore you guys
appreciate anything I do which means a
tremendous amount you guys have no idea
the motivation when I read the comments
and the thumbs up and things like that
it just keeps me motivated because i
know you guys really appreciate our hard
work so you know thank you thank you
guys for doing that and i'm gonna i'm
gonna go finish some shooting I'll be
back in a second it'll seem like
literally a second or possibly a cut so
wait one cut after I'm done talking
it'll be it that's when I come back yeah
that's what you did
you are looking at it so serious and as
soon as you started yelling you were
scared that's how dramatic of an actor i
am robert downey jr. good suck it
laughing so hard that you guys really
want to see this video I I really want
to see this I have like a matter of like
six hours of editing on the ground it's
crazy ok I think that's I know look at
this I I've destroyed I've had to put
zoe and Marley in the other room hi guys
I'm sorry sorry cuz they kept getting
into the shot all right you guys ready
for acting debut or not really debuts
they've been in like seven hundred
videos or so this is how it goes over
Marley to behave stay ready these are
your ngt s no you don't get NZTA back up
right good one guys close
I just looked up in Marley Jesus I don't
know what she's doing what are you doing
okay don't even know how you got under
that okay a little update it's about one
thirty in the morning it's rendering a
little bit right now I'm basically
trying to make this as weird as possible
you guys remember hit no dog and a trip
roll and stuff like that I really like
to do that so this I'm hoping I really
kind of weirded it out on this video but
I have to found the green screen or the
temporary green screen we this actually
what we use tit no dog for so I got to
set it up really quickly this is the
worst feeling in the world when you get
like all your footage into the timeline
your editing out and then you realize
you're missing one key clip so I have to
do that right now this is a shrine of
Charles I want a floating head whoo
where'd my head go and the dogs are
passed out of here but real people have
at work where's my head well guys it's
about five in the morning and it's it's
exporting now I'm going to let this
export I'm gonna pop this little clip in
the vlog and export that and then I'm
going to pass out oh yeah you guys had
fun tonight kind of it was kind of cool
doing a little behind the scene so I
gotta turn my camera have to do that oh
yeah so I hope you guys had a lot of fun
if you can please go to my channel
youtube.com / Charles Trippy or click
right here and go check out the video
that we just shot today I'm not really
sure what I want to call it i want to
sleep I kind of wanna call it like
superhuman trippy or superhuman or
something along the lines if you can
just go over there and check out and see
what kind of name maybe i'll rename it
for something that you guys think is
appropriate also we're going to be
giving away I think five or six of our
t-shirts of your choice of the winner
basically the top five or six most
thumbed up comments with the question I
asked in the video will win
basically winners chosen by you guys so
putting the hands in the viewer so yeah
that's another reason why I go check out
the video so just go to youtube.com /
Charles Trippy or click right here go
check it out tell me what you guys think
it's supposed to be super weird I hope I
did something really weird I felt like I
needed to express myself in my weirdness
you guys you guys know me you understand
oh also to make things even more fun i
put in a few continuity errors in the
video i know i think there's like one
maybe three possibly four I want to see
if you guys are super sleuth and our
detectives you don't have a sluice lean
yeah Sammy you can find over there let
me know i bet you guys might be able to
find one no yeah i don't know let's see
how good you guys are anyway go check it
out i hope you guys like it and i'll see
you guys over there i'll go answer some
questions you want to talk over there
we'll have a chitchat conversation can I
CTFxC for the win
Charles Zoe CTFxC for the win
CTFxC for the win
