it's one pissed-off squirrel chill
hello mr. Cardinal we're just waiting
for Ally get out of class right now so
we're just we're just nature watching
like just squirrels and random birds no
big deal it's what we do on a Monday hey
watch the Cardinals stay stay stay
nope stay I have no idea what's going on
with Florida right now but it's been
awesome for the last couple days it's
actually really good timing with a
playlist live coming up I thought was
gonna be really like a rainy and stormy
and kind of crappy but it looks like
it's gonna be another awesome awesome
weekend I know I've been going to the
park like pretty much every day this
week but there's been a reason I mean
this is this is gorgeous this is so nice
it's really funny I like I'll watch
other people's videos and like people
are playing in the snow still what it's
like 90 degrees here I can't believe
there's still snow on the ground oh my
god it's right that hot out that and I'm
still trying to get rid of that stupid
fire stand I got when I went to go see
the Space Shuttle it was like last month
or something I haven't had it hasn't
been nice enough to go outside so now I
can finally I can finally get rid of
that farmer's tan how ridiculous is this
I'm chatting with Christine I'm at a
pool trying to enjoy myself and I'm
doing transcription homework so on my
ipod I'm actually listening to a native
speaker of Spanish and I'm transcribing
this text according to how she's saying
it I got to get out of school so
Christine and I are currently lost in
some random neighborhood but look what
we just found a sweet old Mercedes dude
that is awesome I'm so excited about
that I'm glad we did this cuz now we saw
a cool car but we're still lost
I was just about to leave and I was like
why am I not making my Jing jingling
well apparently my keys seemed to have
fallen off a little Caribbean ahthe
beaner the carabiner carabiner I don't
know this thing this stupid little thing
this is not for climbing so it's not
really what it is
Nikes oh thank goodness oh thank
goodness that would have been really bad
whoo
what's really funny is I've had that
little keychain thing that sent this
since 2003 and the spring still works I
don't know how it actually came out but
it's never happened to me before ever
I've never lost my keys before like that
whew that's like it really it's a very
word I'm looking for scary feeling to
have lost your keys and freaking out a
hot day like this and we can't leave Wow
feel a little bit better now feel better
whoo that could have been bad have you
ever done that have you ever just like
lost your keys somewhere and just
stranded yourself like an idiot my
tracking skills my Boy Scout tracking
skills came in handy right there
actually it was really lucky I didn't
run around like I was going to that
would have been even worse then that's
such good think I found it
do it everyone's been asking what the
hell is man I don't think anyone's ever
have to you know audience funnier
doesn't even know what that off the
movie is I honestly never even heard of
this until you started doing this you
were doing it to a stuffed animal that
had the same kind of pattern and what
you're wearing now there's a tiger
another zebra there's a white tiger
much too much burning all right you know
what time it is it's bath time come on
bath time Zoey you already had a bath
bath time let's go
I put the GoPro on the little like
waterfall the faucet thing so you guys
can see how much of a hassle this always
is because we never get the film it
because you guys are always asking
you're like so we morally must be so
good when taking a bath no no they're
not
I want to show them what's on your ear
yeah that's what you get for sticking
your head in the trees get tree sap on
your face right see Marley listen let's
go get in there
good job let's go
come on okay get in there all right we
got the GoPro up there you ready to show
the Internet you guys are punks so we
can have one wag you're like the guilty
dog hey why are you looking at me come
on
Oh
you're free you're free whoo that was
fun
I just took the dogs to go out to play
with our neighbors they're a little
camera shy so I didn't bring the camera
with me but after all these years of
Marley putting German Shepherds Great
Danes Rottweilers pit bulls on their
back it finally happened it finally
happened a chihuahua
put Marley on her back I couldn't
believe it I could not believe it it was
pretty embarrassing wasn't it but it
actually happened look who it is it's
baby tired it's so cool
that's really cool she's gonna be like
the next load nirvana baby I'm on a
little adventure right now I'm trying to
get some props for a last minute video
we shoot a skit for the Charles Trippy
channel tomorrow and I think I'm hoping
it'll be done and uploaded by Wednesday
so make sure you subscribe to YouTube a
cop says Charles Trippy shameless plug
but you guys already in PI knew that
channel but yeah it's almost nine
o'clock and I'm trying to get to all the
stores before they close because I don't
want to be prop searching for tomorrow
all right got two of the props look this
video be about any guesses
so Ali what does it say in the big bold
italic underline lettering I didn't even
know it said that and then you guys
how'd they do there's a reason you
shouldn't you should meet that to bake
it
what bake you a cookie out everyone in
the comments were like doesn't it say
like a big bold lettering and I'm like I
don't know and I was like looking all
over the side and I just looked right
there and I was like wow you're gonna
get salmonella salad Manila
she's Salomon illa I'm trolling her
right now
I'm totally trolling the Internet salad
Manila that's how you say it
it's salad Manila it's not sound Manila
its Salomon illa how you saying
as I said Salmonella no didn't it didn't
exist
no it didn't Joey what she's getting
like she's gonna fight me salmonella
Salmonella no sir Salmonella BAM
Charles CTFxC for the win
CTFxC for the win
