what he's trying to get in there what do
you want what are you trying to get out
of there this is always so crazy to me
how she knows exactly like a specific
poisoning for mr. this one is it this
one is it that thing that's what you
wanted huh you knew it was in there what
was tricker see if this is do this what
do you want it instead oh you don't know
what you want she does that a lot she
always like digs through her little toy
box and for a specific toilet I'll get
another one out she doesn't want it and
she'll keep doing it until I get that
specific one and then she's cool pretty
smart I am doing something completely
unheard of for me right now I purposely
left my cell phone at home the entire
day I'm going to leave my my phone at
the house and I'm gonna try to go the
entire day without having a phone if I
have to use a phone I'll use a payphone
if I can find one because I was I was
thinking because I got a cell phone I
think it was 16 years old when I got a
cell phone
and up until 16 I was able to you know
live life fine but for like the past 10
years I've relied heavily on a phone and
I just wanted to see how difficult the
day would be without a cell phone so far
it's been pretty nice my pants are you
know a few ounces lighter I think I
could do it I don't think it's really a
problem the only thing is gonna suck is
uh Ali's coming home right now that
would be the only thing if Ali was here
would probably a lot easier but whatever
I'm just gonna enjoy the beautiful day
you know let her write some skits for
the Charles Trippy channel and yeah just
just enjoy it it's really nice
Hey so we're heading back now it's
Tallahassee from Sarasota and we just
walked into some way to get lunch I saw
this and I thought it was real it
freaked me out was she doing she started
taking a whole weird it's really funny
like we spend all this money on dog toys
and seriously plastic bottles and sticks
all free stuff well that was pretty cool
this is a good favorite thing just
watching them eat a stick the faces they
make
converting to what she's burning
Marley's been having this little
standoff with that guy over there she
wants to play but she had quite hasn't
made a decision well they came to her
what's up dude
I didn't jealous I fell asleep in the
car
pshh I was drilling and probably missed
you oh she's missed for those 360 it's
Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday
Alley for some reason was living under
an Internet Rock she did not know about
that and I sent her both the acoustic
version and the regular version and I
just want to show you the the wonderful
email she just wrote back to me yep this
is the lovely email she sent me
that's pretty funny you're funny yeah
today is Sunday tomorrow will be Monday
and then four days will be Friday I'll
make up my own lyrics would you like
some consult the fish to fill up the
fish how about some cash let's fish
let's filled the fish a lot of fish hey
Ali you should totally get this Apple
this one looks really good what do you
think guys
you think they missed her no I just
stepped on miss me
you miss me I just see a tail
be very scared it right she means
business
well now that everything's back to
normal
Ally's back home gotta go back to school
yeah do you have fun do you find fun
wedding-dress shopping so yes today was
a nice relaxing day I got a bunch of
things taken care of
behind the scenes oh yeah I forgot this
weekend is playing this live so I hope I
see a bunch of CTFxC r--'s a bunch of
people are gonna be there all a lot of
youtubers it's gonna be kind of like the
East Coast version of VidCon so it's
gonna be really exciting I'm really
looking forward to it and seeing all our
friends the best coast screw the west
coast we're holding up the East Coast
guys it would be cool to see everybody I
haven't seen him in a while actually
when was the last time we saw everyone
it was I can't even remember do you guys
remember yeah but I mean the last time
we saw everybody was I think VidCon last
year wow we haven't seen some of these
people for years that's why you're
actually no better than I do
are you really gonna make it's midnight
you're making cookies now what is that
just like a glob of dough raw cookie
dough
why even make a cookie you can just do
that I'm gonna get like salt Manila
you're gonna get salmonella poisoning
Solomon nila
so yeah I'm just you know making myself
at home laying on the clean clothes
ridiculous dog
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
do it with trippy and Harry don't forget
to
