Lemuria
Lemuria okay we're happy bridal salon
downtown it is gorgeous in here we were
just discussing the mirror before me as
a mirror this mirror back tacular they
she said they had to take out an entire
pane of glass in order to get that in
here which is like insane wow that does
look like something from the 20 mm hmm
so yesterday we almost ran into that
two-headed snake right and today I
decided I wanted to see if I can find
any Google images of a two-headed snake
and sure enough if you just like it's
the most disgusting thing I mean there's
so many but see the thing is they're not
kind of like the ones that I was
describing but there's like a million of
one two-headed snakes apparent it's not
like sort of turtle that's weird so I
guess it's not uncommon a lot of you
guys know me and know that I don't like
snakes it's always like right here right
and her feet are going under the chair
and touching the back of my heel and
we're getting freaked out I'm like what
I know there's not a snake in here but I
don't something a lot of snakes don't
get it don't get it
Wow all right I don't know if you can
see it over there there's this lady she
pulled off to the side of the road right
next to a cow pasture with her little
kid and she had a McDonald's bag in her
hand and it looked like a cheeseburger
and the other one and I think she was
trying to feed it without realizing it
like the kid not that not that not the
adult the kid was trying to feed a
cheeseburger to a cow
yeah wow that was a that was a fail
right there I couldn't even believe it I
couldn't even believe it
speaking of wow yeah today I am having
one of those I'm having a bad hair day I
like for example let me stop the car
because I don't even know what's going
on in this this I look like I have a
feather thing like a Heather Locklear
thing going on
well some of you I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna name names didn't believe me that
the snake had two heads so I'm back I
decided to venture into the scary woods
again just to see if I can find little
guy because I think I know where he
lives
and I want to see if I can get a better
shot because I was across the ditch but
I don't know it definitely had two heads
I don't know if it was a mutant or if it
was just having sexy time stupid snake
such a mystery I'm actually looking for
a little with this cuz that's Zoey
staring at a beach
Duffy is coming after okay
damn nature you scared that's fine with
the exact same spot would I have
attempted it for the month with some
sort of venus beehive be hotel if you
will
I hate when she just stops and stares
like that okay it's good okay we can go
it just freaks me out because she's
obviously seeing something I'm hearing
something that I'm not and would just be
walking you know whatever she's is
happy-go-lucky and then she was I do
this just stare off into nothing so I
think there's like a a Jackalope an evil
Jackalope all right that's where it was
obviously not there anymore did I
imagine that whole thing
am I just going crazy there that buggy
I've never been this uncomfortable on a
nature trail like every noise sorry guys
happy now my dreams please
should we run out there and ask them if
they want to have to ladder it literally
goes right over your freaking head this
is so cool
mama you gangsta lean and get out of the
way yeah so that's the real way to drive
around the beach I'll give you three
guesses to figure out where I am so the
worst thing in the world after you go to
the beach is realizing how much sand has
gotten into your electronics like really
I mean I can't do it on my phone
hold it up your head
that is literally the size of your head
that is ridiculous
partyin partyin yeah fun fun fun fun its
ride okay let's just talk about this you
guys have been asking me about if I've
seen it no I've never seen it so I'm
talking about that the song Rebecca
Black so it was like I'm safe to say
it's called Friday up and I just tripped
triple it seems true yeah I haven't
heard that before Internet I wanted to
get your opinions because obviously it's
a bad song but at what point does it
become the most amazing song pretty much
every one of you guys probably sing it
throughout the day but don't know it's
like the paradox you know when something
so bad it becomes good aka Ke$ha
I found it like really really bad but at
the same time I've watched it at least
three times because it's so bad so it
becomes awesome it's kind of perplexing
Oh
oh did you buy out of my face really
really look at this cat litter let's
wait that let's review some let's review
the top five washing techniques number
one the push broom the push broom number
two the sprinkler head that's not the
sprinkler head what is all that crap
do they
look a little pot plant grew back or the
fake pot plant dude what are you eating
why are you always eating pine cones
she's like a perfect shot like she's
doing something weird and then you could
see this in the shot right here yeah if
I shouldn't be eating that and she's
gone okay let's stop eating the pinecone
now I know it was like a challenge
okay now where to Marley go what are you
doing over there
say hey to the camera good job dad we
lost again and dive on the street bless
your face tonight NASA's saying is going
to be like the doom moon or something
like that super moon guess it's not
gonna be this close to the earth for
another 20-30 years I don't even know
where the frickin moon is I'm like
looking all over the places at it now
it's light I can't find it anywhere I
know it's in the sky guys see what I
mean like you can't see it anywhere it's
a completely dark oh is that it holy
crap you can see whoa found it I gotta
get the 7d yeah this is not doing it
justice all right I'm gonna go home and
get 270 but first I'm gonna go get a
movie even with all the lights around
you can still see where the moon is
that's crazy bright I hope that cameras
gonna look good
now this is exemplary car washing you
guys wanna take a walk with me you guys
wanna go watch the moon we're gonna see
the super moon all right guys let's go
find a good spot when I go find a good
spot see if I can film on this thing
look what I almost put my hand on right
on the handle
and I want to grab it hey little dude
let me go up the handle now thank you
you hear the geese and going nuts and
look how bright everything is
hope you guys got to see this just I
threw it in Chicago closer they can see
what's happening here all the geese here
goose
and you're looking for goose poop are
you sorry I had to get all artistic guys
is that that looks kind of cool
you guys are being so good right now
it's crazy doesn't never this good well
there it is so bad you can't see the
perspective but it's pretty big a little
moon wow that branch that just kind of
is showing now was in the middle just a
couple seconds ago that moons building
like that caterpillar it's kind of crazy
to think about like you know how many
people can see the same moon like for
example like Ali being so far away from
us right now she can see just look right
up there and just like see the same
thing I'm looking at so cheesy but it's
like really it's kind of like like she
stepped back a little bit very surreal
okay I'll do it so cool miss you honey
love you you're being so good Marley
you too Zoe but there's a wider shot
still pales in comparison to the real
thing I'm gonna turn into a werewolf or
something dude we're already a dog maybe
you'll turn into like Jacob Marley are
you gonna turn into a female Jacob
what is that dude
it's a worm sup worm I immediately walk
in and Zoe goes straight for her treats
well I promised you you guys were good
yes we're good
kidding
psst
with child trippy
where sweetie
in early
