okay guys guys where's the party at
ghost town now yeah everyone's gone
established 100 years ago it's like pop
bellies established 1994 really well
actually 94 is kind of fun that was
actually a lot you show it off that arm
right there
turn off your bicep so guess who's
leaving now he's leaving today
Heath y'all she's going wedding-dress
shopping again so it doesn't make any
sense for me to drive all the way down
there so she's gonna go with Christine
we'll do what we always do when were
separated
so vlog and then I'll mash it all
together and then it'll be like we're
together through the internet vegetable
world of editing internet magical world
of editing that doesn't make any sense
fun school there love you guys know
yesterday I uploaded an iPad review on
the tripi channel but when you go to it
a lot of you guys were experiencing this
when you go to play it just plays like
it's black
oh then now it's working of course of
course it's out now it's gonna work but
lately has this been happening to you
when you go to watch a video it's
completely black or it like pushes the
video over to the side is that it's like
some weird glitch and I don't know if
it's just me or like if I'm just going
crazy or if it's been happening
site-wide and finally my ultimate iPad
review of doom it finally went on as a
nice face so you can go check that out
on YouTube back on so I distribute so
that always happens every time I could
show you guys something I look like I'm
insane if everything to do when going
down this Hill is not
ever hit the brake or the gas and just
coast down like a little roller coaster
my voice is so gone I can't do it I
can't even hit that pitch that's bad I
don't even know why my voice is gone I'm
a little bit hoarse right now that's
something to look up why is it called a
little bit hoarse like you're wise your
voice force because if I ever heard a
horse talk you know that'd be pretty
pretty crazy I think I've ever heard a
horse do it's just like weenie
that's a horse that like whatever I love
when I just like start rambling and then
I catch myself and I'm like what the
hell am I talking about I have some good
news for you guys
Oh first off shout out to the two girls
that were yelling from the van at the
park I guess there were CTFxC ears so hi
we're getting a lot of questions about
the whole shoot the CTFxC shoe that
we're working on right now and I just
wanted to give you guys kill that kind
of an update if you guys didn't know
we're actually designing actually you
guys are helping design our very own
shoe like legit shoe right now the
high-top in the low top are really kind
of like battling it out right now
and I just wanted to keep the ball
rolling keep your your creative juices
rolling is that B today is the day we're
gonna try to figure out if we want to do
a hot a high top or a low top I want to
figure out a name for this shoe and I
want to figure out like the color
schemes like what colors would you want
to wear on a shoe so what I need you
guys to do is click the link below right
now and submit your ideas you can submit
your ideas through this Facebook app on
our facebook which is facebook.com slash
internet killed TV and at the bottom
left kind of mid left I guess it'll say
something along the lines of the CTFxC
shoe through that Facebook app you're
able to submit you know videos like
photos like mock-ups like designs that
you've kind of created these are just a
couple of them that are flashing on the
screen and and then there's like a
comment section where you can just like
describe what you want so if you don't
have the Facebook you can send it to
ideas at tweak Footwear calm and just
put in the subject line like CTFxC shoe
I don't know if you guys can see that
snake totally distracted us I don't know
what kind of is though oh my god what Oh
gross no effing way that thing has two
heads are you kidding me there's one
eating another or something there's no
way that thing is to head that is the
weirdest thing I've ever seen in my life
okay time to leave this freaky ass Park
I'm not kidding guys like it okay it was
going one direction and then I saw the
end of it and the tongue came out there
was there was a tongue on both ends that
is weird how does the poop you didn't
snake anyway was I talking about
oh yes that was freaky it oh now I'm
like totally I'm like talking to you
guys so I'm not even paying attention I
feel like I'm gonna step on another
snake okay really quick click the link
tell me what type of shoe do you want a
high top do you want a low top tell me
the color scheme that you would you guys
want and any features like you know
velcro do you want laces do you want
double laces you want wheels do you want
lights like you know the light ups also
I need you guys to come up with like a
name for the shoe I'm gonna let you guys
name it because I mean it's after all
it's gonna be the shoe you guys designed
and now we're on cement we have the more
information we give tweets footwear for
our shoe the better the coolest is gonna
look so to recap I need some more design
ideas I need you guys to decide if you
want a high top or a low top I need you
guys to come up with a name and a color
scheme like what colors you want on the
shoe so thank you guys you just click
the link or just go to facebook.com
slash internet kill TV if you're totally
confused by my rambling just read the
description below I'm getting really
stoked I want to see what you guys come
up with it's gonna be pretty cool now to
leave this the spooky two-headed snake
woods I remember before I stepped on the
snake I was saying shout out to the
girls who yelled from the car well they
found us
well that means Oh a Marley okay was
your name
so you guys Twitter is YouTube anything
like that or just CTFxC is you want to
get any shoutouts there we go and I was
actually pretty surprised because Zoe
and Marlee usually pretty freaked out
but they're pretty cool with these girls
so yeah nice meeting you guys
are you HOT or something alright coming
back and revisiting my little snake
adventure I'm going to draw it cuz no
one believes me okay I don't know how if
I'm going to draw this here's here's the
snake here's its head snakey snake
that's a really bad idea
so it looked like there was a head on
the snake here and then a head over here
and there's another thing but what I
think I saw is that right here because
there was like a like a knot so it would
be like right here and then right here
and there's either two options here
either these snakes are getting it on or
they were fused together right there so
I don't know if you guys could tell on
the actual footage or not but it looked
like basically what it look like is if
you were to tie two sinks together
that's what it looked like so it could
have been but it was still a two-headed
snake I don't know I feel like it's
possible yeah you like that I can't draw
so you know I gotta make this better
I'm gonna make a better snake I don't I
don't know okay this is gonna be by Oh a
now it's gonna look like a penis I don't
know okay look okay back me up on it get
it back me up Internet I really honestly
think this is possible like there's got
to be some there's genetic okay think
about like a Siamese person Siamese
twins right that's possible they're not
making babies when they're fused
together at the shoulder likelihood the
likelihood
but sometimes though they don't share
they have two separate ones exactly so
that's what I'm saying like they had two
separate things so for example like this
is the end right here to this guy and
this is the end to this guy but it was
fused together here and then they have
two separate things it's not like he
eats it and then he poops it out you
know what I mean
like I just drew a bunch of penises on a
piece of paper in a is that like
physically possible in nature there's
gotta be some Google Images or something
like that let me know that was pretty
that's pretty hardcore definitely not
let the dogs go running around the woods
anymore I love you have fun
wedding-dress shopping
time to hit up the gym yo let's go hit
up the gym and get all buff and stuff
yeah raise the roof in the front seat
and love where the devil's was your
belly in the motor
you stink you stink look at that you're
getting good at that - by your tail I'm
kind of bored on the alleys gone so I'm
going to try to make baked potato salad
that was like my favorite that's like my
favorite thing ever my mom would make it
all the time and I would just devour it
she would make it for dinner and I would
devour it by the time dinner came around
so I'm gonna try to look at Idaho
potatoes shake our potatoes I'm gonna
try to make it and they already knew
that I got him something look Zoe what's
this kids want some came right twirl
good girl Zoe what do you do when you're
on fire stop drop and roll
go stop drop and roll you're on fire Zoe
oh no you're blazing
quick lesson when cooking if things
aren't exploding you're just not doing
it right a lot of you guys ask me to
always put the recipes on our website
and the thing is to be completely honest
when it comes to cooking I follow zero
rules so like measuring and things like
that like if I wasn't putting up there
it's literally like put this much in
there and it's eyeing it I have to I it
so that's why I've been really bad about
putting the recipes on the website it's
just like it would be confusing for you
guys cuz all these things that I'm doing
I'm just making up as I go along to be
completely honest my recommendation to
you would be just just I don't know just
kind of goof around in the kitchen and
see what you guys can make up I guess it
all stems from those days where I stole
Melissa's Easy Bake Oven and just made
cookies all the time oh that was an
onion what that was a green pepper I
whip it or dress with it whatever very
good oh my god go into the light go into
the light oh my god this is your model
look dude isn't it oh man seriously
I just woke up I was what okay I just
watched a movie salt and I fell asleep
and I woke up because I was sweating
apparently our air conditioner this
little doohickey if you guys ever
wondered what the hell was in this thing
it's our air conditioner and apparently
this looks bad yeah it's broken I don't
know if it rolls been eating on it or I
don't know maybe the freon zyk on I
don't know either way to have an air
conditioner not work in Florida it's
just not cool
no pun intended I'm gonna go to bed I
will see you guys tomorrow don't forget
to go to our Facebook page in the link
below just tell us your ideas for the
CTFxC shoe this is gonna suck there's
gonna be a hot night this take eighty
degrees or somebody's don't was like
what is it
78 degrees right now in the house that's
that's hot for Florida I'm gonna go to
bed I'll see you guys later
good night
worse yet sexy
giddy with child tripping
with trippy
