oh it's my pinch camp Ali's wearing
green that lady's wearing green you have
to play you gotta go pincher she he up
go pinch the the cops we're never like
the pinching dog Marley
you gotta get pinched he has a green tie
well he just got sad what did I do
she's just the green watch green tie
green light she's safe go pinch her all
those people people isn't there that
girl's not Jamal could you bawling like
God sought him out what you know her
that kill them all like got so her mouth
I think it's like an air force thing my
god
yeah sort them out ya can set Doug I
think it's fair for us right oh my god
people wind up at 8:00 a.m. I'm here to
get banded and get it wasted so the best
thing is that my teacher said that in
one of her classes a student and it was
a 1225 a student fell asleep in her
class he was wasted wasted green bear
fell asleep
ridiculous pretty sure all these people
will be too now I'm prepared Paddy's Pub
now Holly has to stop pinching me flip
flip flipadelphia flip flip no no one's
gonna okay I'm just talking to dogs
right now so he did you but juice is
that why you're hiding yeah it stinks
doesn't it the worst smell in the world
every time she does it though she goes
and hides she she's like guilty she's
like I'm sorry can I lift your head up
please
hey it's okay dude happens to all of us
I guess not really but that's weird
least you eat at least we have all the
blankets that's why we have blankets
back here all these years I haven't the
slightest idea what causes it or why she
does it or it's just like a skunk
she's like a half dog half skunk she's a
dog you're a skog if any of you guys
have dogs that do that or have done that
in the past you know how bad that's
especially to do it in the car looks
like I'm gonna be back into my car again
and then shampooing it thank you
what did you guys get Thank You Zoe if
they said thank you I'd be pretty much I
know right look cool I love when they do
that that's so nice when they give them
yeah those crumbs all
I know they're gonna want to always come
back here now take care hey go break it
out
I had to come out to the woods because
Ali's having a bit of a pinching frenzy
she's like GP a little bit of place even
though I'm wearing green now I feel like
I feel like a new pinch is like if you
punch somebody like you know go punch
buggy whatever no punches back and then
something punches you after having that
rule laid out I feel like you get to do
it twice like for every pinch or punch
or whatever I'm talking about right now
we're hiding because they keep getting
pinched - yes she's pinching today - dog
squirrel chase and did he elude you
paired you come and nail salon this guy
was explaining to me I was talking to
him about the languages that I study
they asked me where I was from and they
also thought I looked Portuguese it was
really funny and these two Vietnamese
people were telling me that they can
understand some dialects but that their
dialects the Vietnamese that they that
are not mutually comprehensible which is
interesting because I don't know
anything about languages in Vietnam but
in Spain therefore I think that actually
might be 5co official languages of Spain
one of them is like something that I
have never even heard of before but it's
really interesting because they said
that in Vietnam it's the same situation
where there are multiple dialects and
you can't understand everybody all the
time so I thought that was really cool
who said that getting a mani here could
not be an educational experience you're
such a brat is that payback get up stand
on your own two feet
did you make friends with the little
runners huh
so just as I am let the dogs go run and
chase the squirrels I guess there's some
sort of thing women's running team or
something like that that just like kind
of runs through here and they were off
the leash and Zoe has a thing where like
if she sees people on bikes or running
she wants to run with them so she took
off and started sprinting with them so
they made friends
gives me some running friends huh drink
through the most cliche thing ever is
that there guys you see my drink is up
there seriously bad just do that oh I
can't believe I just did that I always
thought that was like the most like
cliche thing what's wrong with my window
driving that becomes embarrassing or at
least it's not like a cup of coffee or
something like that be honest I bet you
there's somebody in Internet world
Internet land that has fallen victim to
the cup on the car see what's funny
about Florida is it instead of parking
as close as you possibly can you park
for this shade so a lot of you guys have
been asking me since I picked up the the
iPad 2 I guess it was like last Friday
what my impressions were or if I should
do if I could do a like a review or a
comparison between the two because I
have Ally's got the first one right here
this is the iPad one and this is the
iPad 2 so what I'm gonna do is a lot of
you guys have been requesting this you
know if iPad 2 : is it worth it
semicolon it's kind of cool double : but
it's so so much similar I don't know I
can't you guys name it name though the
video beep but um what I'm gonna do
since I have the iPhone channel I'm
gonna record something like a basically
an iPad - is it worth it type of video
so at the end of this video I'll remind
you but it's gonna be on youtube.com
slash trippy it's gonna be a little
unorthodox I said on Orthodox to
unorthodox that it's gonna be not an
iPhone video but it's gonna be
pertaining to the gadget world so I
figured it'd be ok so I'm just gonna
film that right now and I'll remind you
at the end of the video where to go to
go watch it ok I'll see you in a bit
look at that I'm getting all
professional with that this is does this
make me look awesome in HD you guys see
my pores
she can't see my pores or vitam buggers
well that was actually kind of fun I
just finished filming look how nice that
looks nice it's gonna be a high
production high production on the iPhone
channel ok now it's time to go
I'm bored the st. Patrick's Day and I
eat some green beer we're gonna go have
Mexican food is ally is having like a
burrito on st. Patrick's Day
blasphemous I am I'm sweet there you go
my darling
having a burrito on st. Patrick's Day
blasphemous way you know Oh st.
Patrick's Day as a reason to get
shit-faced at 8:00 in the morning it's
possible yeah that's true
I just realized I'm not wearing any
Greek now the pitch she's gonna pinch
patrol go your pants aren't they
does this count it's green it counts no
the whole thing is green all things
great that's yellow
that's pretty green that's like you go
swimming in that water some water giant
it's the Crystal Light water so the
plane can fly into a cave the plane can
land in a cave on your runway Chandra
I'm not gonna be like I'm living a more
realistic like everything on the point
you say to a child are like every
rational I would I want to know that no
it doesn't mean like oh it's a plane
open your mouth in your mouth
shoving me in the mouth anyway see
Christine understands there's a locker
blocker goes into
what it pointed to this is just gone way
too far now ready to dump Alex I'm not
just landing in somebody's mouth like
that no
we're being crazy and filming the
bathroom but is it to show you this is
Christianity and this is Christine's
head she's so tall and she's an entire
head over the bathroom stall and when I
go in here you're creepy they're creepy
spire now you're like the
home-improvement guy the neighbor you
only ever see like that much of space
nice and I say let's try and get it oh
I'm trying to look in the legging drop
it I'm like you don't drop it drop it
we're way out this hasn't happened in
like two years
do you believe I'm excited literally
never had a green beer on st. Patty's
Day I don't think I've ever had named
beer actually on any other day either
Cheers
I mean this juice it's sour apple juice
hey wiggle it so happy okay
mark show my not cool not cool okay
I know she's sick I hate you daddy I
want to go to mommy I don't
hey guys so I was reading your comments
and I finally did a review on the iPad 2
and if you guys liked it maybe I'll do
more technological reviews and things
like that so just click rate here and
check it out and or you can go to
youtube.com slash trippy so please go
check it out let me know how I did and
if there's any other gadgets you want me
to review maybe I'll do it it was
actually really fun I enjoyed it so go
check it out it's kind of like a bonus
video for today and if you didn't know
we have another channel it's kind of
like a secret non secret channel so I
will see you guys later have a good
night and hopefully no one got food
color poisoning good night
worse yet sexy
with child trippy
with charity
