nananananananananananana back dog fat
dog going through our cupboard and is
like delete I will set deleting
everything that's that's when you know
you live on the internet too long or in
front of computer too long alright um
yeah so I'm doing that whole fun thing
where you clean out your your
refrigerator and your cupboard and then
you are amazed and disgusted how you
just forget about things and you forget
to throw away for example this is this
expired last month but it's not that bad
just Nutella what this is the funny one
right here this is Serge you guys
remember Serge
do you remember Serge yeah most people
don't you get really amazed at some of
the stuff that you just like forget
about going through your cud pause this
video right now just walk over to your
cupboard walk over to your refrigerator
and find the oldest thing that you can
possibly find over there and just tell
me the date that wouldn't it expired
probably pretty pretty like disgusted so
I'm gonna go finish that look at a
little hacker are you gonna you gonna
hack the White House you gonna hit you
gonna hack the global economy of
finances I don't know you know you have
your your matrix glasses on right now
will you're wearing glasses and you have
a computer so therefore you're a hacker
that is my logic you wear sunglasses and
have a computer you are a hacker
congratulations it's flawless
any day now look at this stage of your
ex if nails you so it's not me being
idiot do not touch that my car's been
pollinated look at its disgusting it's
all over the car oh man Charles always
likes to prank me and I can never think
of anything good but I can make him do
the cards just in she just licked her
but we came home and we had some
packages on the table and Marley got to
it so this is from Lane Lane I'm sorry
she decided to open it so let's just
actually open this up right now what I
got away for a mail vlogging this one
cuz obviously she wanted it what is this
it's a giant leprechaun hat so we
decided why do you think that's a toy
whoa did she is she's leap over Zoey
so yeah that's from Lane vids for the
past I don't even know how many months
but it says they paired for the past six
months for sake of argument I've been
getting that replies on my Twitter about
a specific like a vending machine thing
I just want to put this to rest this is
not me this is the vending machine it's
like fake mustaches does that even look
like me I don't even think that looks
like me but yes I just want to put the
record straight that I don't think
that's me Wow what what you guys didn't
see Tom but I felt I was I was basically
like this trying to like show so it
wouldn't reflect
yeah I was gonna reflect yeah and Ali
slammed on the brakes so I hit my head
so we're gonna have either really really
dumb kids or no kids at all because
you've been punching me in the balls and
hit me in the head the abusive abusive
scary Zoe get a sniff I gotta pee I
guess I can't see they're just so
freaking spastic this is why we spend so
much time at the dog park because
they're just up there like hours of
entertainment and laughter there's the
crazy thing look you can see the moon
badge if you were like an astronaut like
it was a 30 rock it was like John Glenn
he's like screw you moon I conquered you
I walked on your face that'd be pretty
crazy to say if you actually got to walk
on the moon you could just like look at
it laughs like I walked on your face
moon run faster forest moon are you
looking at the troll holes somebody was
saying that these are rabbit holes that
Fox like a fox may have uninhabited I
still think was a troll suite
the greatest invention ever there's that
freaky freaky house that we have yet to
go back to I don't think I ever want to
go back there that was that was too
gross inside was just way too gross oh
yay
see you can't look manly doing that
Kenya so I'm not saying anything to them
right now I'm just letting them wander
around cuz I want to see if they're like
you know if they're not being told if
they'll naturally stay next to each
other and it's so adorable I've been
watching them like Marley will wander
off and she'll look back at Zooey and so
he looked back at Marley and they'll run
back together see he's always started
wandering off a little bit too much and
those Marley wasn't following so she ran
back tomorrow she was she steals your
stick and runs away be comfortable down
there we're gonna totally sneak attack
Ally I'm getting some some grenades and
some grenades this is payback for
punching me in the the male parts
yesterday although I did dessert you
trying to tell me not to know why little
brat she's trying to save her she hear
that she's whining - you cannot save her
Marley I was pretty funny both of them
tried to save her after after I like
that walked over there as though I
picked them all the little pine cones it
just goes like
you think I would know how to put on
sunglasses after 26 six years
good call Zoe are there any shamrocks in
here before leaf clovers no the only
lame three leaf I Sleeping Beauty you
might want to watch her right here sure
what you do to pinecones
that's all that's left of them you got
eated here's a random rant for you guys
I haven't done one of these in a while
okay here's an open letter dear dear
motorcycle guy who thinks they're too
cool to wear a helmet and decides to
strap it on the side of their bike
instead and proceeded to drive around
you look like a tool put the helmet on
your head
darwin award for you sir marlis first
banana see if she likes it sounds gross
here's another little random thing i
justcan't was given a link on my Twitter
and apparently I was nominated PC mags
number 18 out of a hundred Twitter top
follow thing I don't know I guess I'm
one of the most recommended people to
follow on Twitter so if you're not
following on Twitter see you're missing
out nobody else really that's really
strange
I was totally random I didn't even know
about it but the best part is this is
the this is the little example they used
for the the website dad you remember
that day oh so much irony in that little
tweet but yeah right there
PC mags Twitter top 100 and I'm 18 so
that's pretty cool and my voice is
correct
see if you weren't following me on
Twitter now you have two right there
gotta follow me on Twitter you have to
do it now you just have to
it's got freaky looking cuz this kind of
right into evil to 1000 like Terminator
okay did we get something do you have
any change
I totally could get some slime what does
that look like to you
I'm never gonna grow up you are getting
worse in your ol age bloated in your old
age okay one more time
you can do it there we go
move out of the way it's the hambulance
I don't know what it is lately but I
just been like really really liking
cooking so I'm developing a new type of
pizza this has a little bit of goat
cheese fresh mozzarella shredded
mozzarella little basil little oregano
fresh jalapeno fresh tomato and a little
Cholula sauce and that's what it's
looking like right there is this gonna
be a special pizza I wonder if it'd be
any good I said I really need to open up
my own pizza shop it could be like
called internet killed pizza or
something like that that's actually kind
of lame I need to think of something
better now doesn't that look delicious
Frances so where's your friend sick
where'd he go don't cry
oh you started a war
what is wrong with our dog I'm standing
here folding t-shirts here going like I
hear Jamil breathing like our bunny
breathing I slowly don't like that she's
our neighbors he'll be so happy when you
move one one month left and then on to
the next chapter of the CTFxC good
yes
with trippy
don't forget
