there you go good get him or get it get
my hey go anymore
get sorry do you like Jeff Goldblum do
you like pizza do a eating poop
do you like slow internet oh wait what
is this oh nothing just sheared death
all you allergy suffers this is what's
causing it right here this is pollen oh
you know what I want to do
animals ran us over Zoey Zoey what are
you trying to kill me
yeah all this pawn is what's making Ali
really sick - just poop pollen all over
you guys you guys getting sick gonna
sneeze
give us knees you guys gonna sneeze
putting pauling on your face huh you've
just been pollinated i've ever wondered
what makes people allergic to certain
things like some people are allergic to
dog somewhere allergic a cat some people
are allergic to the Sun was that know
what's going on there's some craziness
going on it seems like there's like more
people though that are collectively more
allergic to pollen for some reason but
let's share our allergies see for
example I'm not I'm very fortunate I'm
not actually allergic to anything that I
would that I know of Ali's allergic to
pollen yeah so what do you guys logic to
you have any crazy ones like are some of
you guys allergic to water
or like wind or air if you guys see any
really really strange ones just thumbing
up so everyone else can see it you want
to go get that bird her eyes have been
locked on that bird one
you guys are too slow it can fly
remember that there we go
ten minutes later our battery's dying on
the automatic lock thingy we're about to
piss off the post office it is like 5:30
and they closed in 30 minutes
I think I looks always just go like this
just get back from the gym and you know
what I think I think it's time I have to
shave this as I was running I'm sitting
here going like this the whole time so
they're all the other people that were
in the gym probably thought I had like
lice in my beard which I don't even
think is possible so I gotta I gotta
clean up
I don't want people to say that I'm high
are you stoned like yesterday
I'm gonna try to keep the state baseball
time
to those who say Ally listens to wimpy
music this is what I come in to see what
she's doing and she's doing merch - this
is pretty hardcore hardcore chick this
is that Japanese man you know it sounds
just like system of the downs
yeah alright well I'm gonna make some
delicious food make name something and
I'll make it I'm barefoot already Wow
yesterday we're at the store when I was
like dirt the grocery store I saw these
these candies right the gummy candy and
I just want to show it to you because I
thought it was kind of messed up really
they put you guys right here don't fall
okay
they're candies right the gummies but
they're in the shape of mushrooms yeah
so I don't really know what you're
supposed to do with gummy mushroom
well
I feel flying dude
brutally spinning often far out there
everything so real
like right but ever really thought but
greater life is these are really good
mushroom no but in all seriousness why
would you market like like they're
called pucker rooms like why would you
make mushroom candies that's weird I
mean weird right that's weird there's a
weird type of thing hey man do you want
some mushroom candies yeah it's like far
out it's like trippy man it's like
totally gnarly it's like totally trippy
man in all seriousness gummy mushrooms
that's kind of weird right so we did not
like that it's uh trippy dude oh come on
you knew it am I gonna have that
something pop out of that no I'm sorry
don't pow
I scare you and using the balls I don't
like being scared my mushroom oh I'm
just kidding
but uh yeah tell me mushrooms pretty
soon they're gonna have like rubber like
rubber gummies and syringe jelly beans I
don't know
oh I was going on to carrot okay don't
want it okay eat your carrot does anyone
else find that hilarious or am I the
only one I dare somebody to dub over
that with some vocals some speaking some
dogs speak see nice and healthy treats I
think it was something I said
fight fight fight fight fight fight
fight
I have no idea where this came from
hey Marley she just called you short we
gonna do about it I'm gonna do about it
so he she called you special what are
you gonna do about it yeah and they're
done oh that was almost a crash so the
people can't drive yes this is Ali's
planner for getting married and I have
no idea where she found that photo it's
kind of embarrassing kind of
embarrassing that's a fake guitar in my
hand I thought I was like really Rocking
I was like yeah I'm rocking out rock it
out with poison and I'm actually just
playing a video game I'm gonna fail hey
guys if you didn't get to see Ali's
video on her channel youtube.com/ Sasha
Al you can click right here and see her
epic montage dress spectacular that she
edited she did a really really good job
and I really hope you guys see it I'll
just click right here and it'll take you
right to it otherwise you can click if
you're lazy like me just click the link
in the sub bar go tell her what stress
you guys like and tell her how awesome
her editing skills were I will see you
guys tomorrow
good night or good afternoon or good
morning whenever you're watching this
see you guys
psst
with tripping
with sharpie
don't forget anymore
