you're snoring hi the week good morning
oh look out there they oh hi my name is
Marley and no other dogs are allowed in
my facility unless I holy Kraken good
news I just talked to some people over
at YouTube and we now have control of
Ali's account again excuse me I just
burped as I was talking here has ever
dude
let's set a random basically what was
ending up happening is we have like five
accounts that were all linked under my
main account so when I would try to log
in with all the passwords and the
variations it wouldn't let me do it so
they had to unlink it and make it its
own separate things so good news the
wedding dress video is now live over at
Ali's channel youtube.com slash Ali al
Li so thank you guys so much for being
so understanding with how annoying that
was but bottom line it's now online go
over there go go check it out let Ali
know what stresses you like she's not
gonna show you which dress she's gonna
pick cuz she hasn't I don't even think
she's picked picked the dress yet so
there's no so there's no spoilers or
anything like that she says she wants to
make it a surprise for you guys as much
for me so I I haven't even seen it go
tell us you take the job and go check it
out you can pause this here this is a
pause screen I'll give you guys a good
pause screen so you can pause this video
and go check it out already
Gurdjieff Hawes assuming you pause did
you like the video was it good
she's a good job right or if you're just
waiting til after this video you have no
idea what we're talking about what's
that what now huh what what yeah let me
ask you guys something I was just about
to give a like a homeless guy on the
side of the road you know the signs some
money but then just as he was I was
about to like wave him down he answers a
cell phone I mean I guess you could
still be homeless and get like a prepaid
cell phone but if you have money for a
cell phone
does that make you like should you be
begging for money on the side of the
road I felt bad I didn't end up giving
him any money only because of that fact
I don't know if that was good or bad
decision what do you guys think let's
weigh in on this discussion I don't know
I feel like if you have a cell phone you
shouldn't be on the side of the road
begging for money you should you know
maybe I'll be obviously motivated enough
that my cell phone you should be you
know motor but I don't know I've never
been homeless so it's hard for me to you
know judge but I don't know I this is
kind of weird I've never seen really a
homeless man with a cell phone before go
what are you doing
whoa look don't be there what did she
see
my kick it's too powerful nice boxers
haven't done laundry um let me read them
they're like old they ride up Lucy good
night charlie
they say good night Charles I haven't
done laundry in a while super cute you
are so weird
exactly the time I go pee
what'd I do that too look she's doing a
poop dance not to wait show me the poopy
dance movie do it so different it's
faster it's like that's fine go ahead
and go in there I found a log miss
Charles doing business whoa extreme
juggling skills she running skill
extreme gorgeous this tree is and then
we thought this was a spider web last
time and you guys told us if the
caterpillar mess if they said last time
oh pretty cool at all oh no that
positive the internet always lies to me
wow that's really cool I can forge it
let's go let's go good job you listen
for one
oh this was cooler looking this was
prettier guys I think it's just bigger
bigger is always better
hey little white dog get over here what
do we make a billion dollars this will
be our land this is this is that same
feel we always go to is I don't know how
long how many acres is this Twitter -
one of the videos we first moved I think
was called the crazy dumb face a crazy
stupid face it was the day we left Tampa
for Tallahassee and I watched it and it
was so weird because we're gonna be
doing the exact same thing and moving
again like in two years I guess so crazy
it's all documented you know I mean we
packed up the truck and then we walked
into the apartment we're in and it was
completely empty go watch that video
it's a big stupid face or something like
that
and watch that video and then you know
if you've been watching them lately and
compared to this one it's really crazy
to watch it cuz I'm like walking around
the whole apartment and it was
completely barren I know you're back
there I know it I can see your
reflection I used out I can see it right
there
it's like a mirror it's a video bombing
mirror that fashionable so say now that
winners uh pretty much gone everything's
coming back to life got got appreciate
nature guys eek I know it lives in there
I found a troll hole
there's another one of those little
holes okay take a turtle could it be
like a gopher turtle I'm still going
with trolls I'm afraid to get too close
Panthers don't live in holes I'll give
you five bucks if you stick your hand in
there yeah no don't do it don't do it
that's why you can't you can't dare her
to do anything she'll do it
she's like Gina from frankerz prank so
Jessie says don't dare her to do
anything she'll just do it Marley I do
it for free it's another one right there
so you can see work repeatedly comes out
so it's got to be small enough to fit
under there or just jumps and another
one it's gotta be if we were to like be
able to do some sort of like I don't
know just to see all the tunneling
systems I mean there's got to be some
crazy does imagine like seeing that
network of tunnels all over this field
that's so crazy oh my gosh is so creepy
every time I see one of those things I
ever saw a spider that big in real life
that wasn't that a glass
freak out like freak oh sorry didn't
mean to freak out or anything I'm trying
to find a replacement ball for the
fishtank and apparently my fish tank is
one of those magical ones that buying a
replacement ball is in a pot impossible
so yay for challenges those are the
biggest tadpoles I've ever seen in my
life are those even tadpoles or just
giant
I wonder how many inappropriate jokes
you guys are gonna have with this I
don't know if I'm super tired or
something about my eyes or something the
guy I was just at the store by the way
success success I was doing the checkout
you know the you know the thing you know
the proper thing of paying for something
I don't I guess it's the lack of sleep
or something but I'm just like you know
checking out and the guys just staring
at me like this and I'm like you know
looking back at like it's getting kind
of awkward right you know the whole eye
contact thing I'm like why is this guy
staring at me because are you high right
now and I just started laughing what
what about being screams that I'm always
high
I'm not high I'm never high that's funny
I don't know does it look like it what
does look at your hair look at you get
you had little soldiers like bookends
but show your mom you're in control of
the camera you psycho
you gotta flip it there we go you could
just call each other on the phone funner
officially the latest that I've ever
come here we have free coups that's free
that works that's what we're getting oh
my gosh I'm having flashbacks of doing
the donut challenge the goodnight
epic panda goodnight that's a good night
good night hey guys I just wanted to say
that I'm so sorry that you guys didn't
get to see the video that I promised you
with all the wedding gowns but it's
uploaded now on my channel you didn't
click here or go to youtube.com slash
Ally that's al Li go there and watch the
video and let me know what you think of
those dresses and tell me in the
comments which one is your favorite
because I'm having a really hard time
deciding and I would love to hear your
input so stay tuned to that channel for
more wedding updates as we go along
thanks for watching and see you tomorrow
see what you did
wait
yes
with trivialities
in early
