oh geez this is really gonna get on
because right on the edge of this
video-content
are you ready to go huh time' we've met
so the time has come for us to say
goodbye to memphis into our cute little
apartment at the exchange building
there's actually a lot of fun sting in
there glad we didn't Airbnb as opposed
to hotel just because we were able to
bring them but we are cutting out little
later than I anticipated it's a 42 in
the morning but better late than never
ready to go I am ready to go home
whoo what ring for this jar go click on
shipping containers loading and
unloading docking area inside
we aren't even two hours in and we're
already stopping for dog can we're
trying to get home early and right now
it looks like we were saying Oh waiting
for now works never mind success rate
until 8:45 which is good but I don't
know that studying on this road trip
home not to do our typical you know
montage you stop the whole time where
we're stopping and you're seeing the dog
creation all of that we thought or I
actually thought it would be kind of
cool to do a Q&A with Charles I asking
some questions that either you guys have
or I have kind of getting a little bit
more serious but we thought this would
be a good opportunity to do something
like that apparently this one thing so
as well you're a little nervous on you
hello every camera life of a vlog again
but yeah I think that's what we're going
to do something a little bit different
and I hope you like it so as soon as
he's done eating we're going to start so
this is just going to be like a Q&A for
you okay
that was it's kind of it's like a
calling because usually just together so
I thought maybe looking for us to
separate interview you to follow about
him
as YouTube changes involved and gets
older more mature as a site to worry
about like not being relative who you
worry about being able to keep up I've
done it for 11 years literally straight
so college for those we're not a sphere
but it's more of a concern kind of
thinking about trying to figure out how
to pay yourself better this videos but
then as you keep doing it you kind of
make yourself more tired
stop trying to losing
people say I'll get a real job I think
it works because real job in here is
gonna break it 9:00 to 5:00 so you're
working within seven hours yeah when
you're in flogger or by youtuber you're
kind of on it before 7:00 especially
daily vlogger not just myself but any
daily blogger dress of the daily vlog is
that you're vlogging every single day so
there's no weekend and there is no time
off there's a magnified because
literally second you wake up the last
seconds of being people going to bed
you're up all night editing let's pay
this way like you feel all day so that'd
be your 9 to 5
going all day you come home you're
supposed to relax once you're done with
your job present blogger I feel like you
don't get you don't get to you start
editing and preparing for the next day
as long as you can keep the love for it
I don't think it becomes a job you have
to keep like enjoying but it's a very
fine line I feel like that's to myself
whatever you heard much you as a creator
and you to become incorporated or an LLC
cross that threshold into job says which
is not a bad thing but at the same time
yet make sure that you're still loving
what you do get a love your job a lot of
vloggers kind of lose that because of
the monotony of stress-free doing
everyday
I don't think it ever hit maybe but it
was like one of those things where
everything is possible so I think Laos
would be any the first thing as always
this is normally the first thing the
doctor says look at him posing and not
as a tomorrow shortening of life by
mechanisms so he's been in a humour
comedy joking even if it's morbid or
dark I think it was kind of like a
holiday denial because they accepted
what it was but at the same time like I
didn't think it possible Holly I think
it was kind of one of those things where
it was what it was had to move fast
I don't think comments bother me anymore
because I've been doing it for 11 years
and have literally been called
everything and you've caused me to think
that you've made up things I think Jews
are always something that likes
obsessively out especially when you like
create something that you think is
really awesome but then when you upload
it that to do as well as you think you
man when you upload something freaking
stupid does way better I think that some
value discouraging and threatening
that's writing but frustrating mice are
subscribers I never really felt like
subscribers necessarily generated like
that I feel like subscribers are kind of
like a bloated number sometimes you can
have 20 million subscribers they'll come
out with like 100,000 views which that
has emitted a lot but same time look
where's that other millions of millions
subscribers I where they would hardly
get account sir
like that so I feel like it's a bloated
number he has subscriber subscribe
number of people that are doing we think
you can add like 500,000 a lot of
subscribers and still be hitting like a
million views a video or something like
this barely they thought this happen
piloting subscriber number something
that I've ever been fully prepared well
it's like a trophy at the end it's like
not necessary but it's kinda cool enough
I was never scared of getting married
again because I knew you were the right
person you kind of meshed with me like
the beginning like we're the same person
humor so I was never fearful that and
honestly I didn't care what other people
thought because no one else marry you he
doesn't care
one thing that I was worried about was
you
brand people would judge you they've got
a clique
I was ever really worried or scared
you know it's right it's right
I think that they're here
apparently here
I think what if somebody says something
like that or they call your channel time
I think it's kind of people to say that
because at one point channels get like
300 for two thousand five hours of use
video and now obviously the videos don't
do that which I feel like it's a change
but at the same time it doesn't
discourage me from making videos it's
more of a learning curve and I feel like
everything is like that yelling
everything goes up and feels like back
in the day when I first blog there's
fine handful of launders now like if you
go on YouTube like everyone including
their mom literally does block this
blogging channel so I mean there's so
much content now until it is inevitable
that kind of situation that I've arrived
yeah
as far as like saying something like
that it doesn't make them because I
don't see this dying nucleus like native
user lower than the beginnings of dying
huh changing so long as you're watching
I don't think in fact that's it - I
agree I agree with a parabola
I had a little Nashik I was very
fortunate and I have to do the IV drip
on but the pill which is
a complete different feeling it wasn't
as bad as mature could've been a very
fortunate but I think the worst part is
like your stomach feels like it's kind
of being ripped apart what it feels like
it's being quenched and it's not a very
fun feeling that like people now like
chemo
it doesn't just isolate bad things it
just kills everything every basically
every cell so I think that's like the
worst part that's a fun question because
like I think every every youtuber always
they not on the same person you might be
the same person that you're always
exaggerated version of who you are and
everything is still by having at the
core but it's a fact like I'm a very shy
very quiet person as well as a very shot
quiet personal intimacy feeling here any
porn
we have to come up with
exaggerated version of yourself where
like they make it entertaining Lincoln
to who you still are but at the same
time something somebody else want to
watch most people don't like to watch
something that's plans they like that
when there's a little bit more energy
right that's the last thing you want on
foreign energy November because I guess
people Pumped Up Morgan a Jerry version
so can you imagine a basketball game
where there was like no cheerleaders or
no like crowd screaming of probably the
most important thing ever to be like a
boring basketball game
that was one of those part
and I can't talk about this buggy man I
feel like that was one of those betrayed
times of my life
nobody knew was going
except two people in the world but I
feel like the internet kind of
overstepped its bounds as far as the
Assumption brewer
one of the most
I feel like they all gave something here
not daily videos of
why was that always within like
a matter of may everyone
one thing that was completely wrong and
I felt like sell the trade sounds like
to the point where else is like fuck it
you put the camera off and on the Qantas
I wanna make videos for these people
just probably take a rumor just one with
it and not
any to extract all all false true enough
and come out to where people now know
completely fake because all those were
all lies
that was places where I wish one day it
just came out that everything was just
everyone do
that's true and the others in fact that
I'm likely
but just one of those things word like I
don't care anymore
so people can say what they want to say
now they believe what they want to
believe I know it's not true everyone
else goes not true present family no
adventure
that's all that really matters I kind of
put it down
they like you Pleasant things where I'm
pretty healthy I see great
I exercise pretty often of their act
stress is another
it is always there
same time because we Mozilla intuition
he met the worst case scenario playing a
dead the back still treatable like a
plan that we mentioned happens overnight
three months that's why goes awesome if
it does which I don't think it
get it because with first surgery
particular kind of my fault because
after the first one
my doctor kept saying hey dude we'll get
just checked out and follow up and I
just made village because I don't know
they're afraid or ignorant to the fact
of what it was I had that leisure where
it said he grew back and he was right
bigger because I didn't keep on top of
it and the grand idea came out so it's
just
three back cleared up but so this one
I've been really on top of everything so
that one has like a year and a half to
come back so without make any changes
doing the chemo got rid of most of it
the surgeon this time of weight was able
to get like ninety nine point ninety
nine point 65 and point nine percent of
it out with way more than the first time
now I'm actually really excited I mean
there's part that I'm worried about I'm
still debating I'm like
if I want to continue to scaley videos
when we have a kid because there are so
many things that you can't protect
against and I don't know
how comfortable I am with that that will
be discussion once we have a kid because
I think I'm not scared of being a parent
I'm scared of everything around being a
pair
I think announcing that I was getting in
the course who aspire was the hardest
thing
afraid of like disappointing people I
was afraid of people thinking that I was
lying
3-nothing don't party to share because I
know I needed to do it because that's
what I had to do but I was a little
afraid of people being upset not for me
which is upset that they may have self
the train about as much as I kind of
felt betrayed with some people like
making false rumors I felt like really
bad that they may have self betrayed
that they may have been lied to which
was the case of nibbling fat and it
really does from the harshly share a lot
easier share that announcement
so sure sharing the cannon shimmer with
Allah to you here I feel like that was a
lot easier because I knew enough to the
brain tumor I have support like 100%
about people like questioning things
that was a lot easier because
it was what it was it was not something
I could change versus something that I
had a division or half a decision and
people would judge the decisions he made
to those in my control
I just think that I've been able to do
this for so long I'm so thankful that
I'm able to continue doing this
hopefully for so long and then so many
people been watching
sometimes through there almost like half
their life some people I talk to you
have like watchful gaze at five they
believe it or not too late ten years
later thank ran up to being thrown up
yeah like brother
yes it's going to stop harassing me with
these questions and let you focus on the
drive back to our humble abode or so I
know right that is going to be the end
of the Charles Trippy Q&A let's get
serious let's get personal let's get
down let's get boogieing happy Father's
Day to all the fathers out there as
grandfathers gute your fathers to all of
you out there we hope that today's very
very special or very thankful for all of
you see you guys tomorrow
