please nice if there's the pace car
they'll slow these people we're totally
beating them fingers though still better
we're running a little bit see I like
all that bacon eggs and pancakes at the
end of a finish line
those must be huge Lady Gaga fan flava
flav would be proud
we're at blasting stop no
of course they had to have one of those
signs
I'd village
there's the ugliest building or paint
job in Sarasota called the van weasel
and weasel and it's so purple is so
actually when we were little they call
it the purple cow I think it's actually
its unofficial nickname which is I don't
get why it's fun cow but I get why it's
purple so that's the bridge you ran
across over there all the way over there
back over the bridge all the way down
there and then back here Charles did not
know what cankles were oh my god
so cankles is when your calves kind of
like go into your ankles like a liter my
did not make that up every morning I'm
always trying to find Marley and Ally's
doing her makeup and stuff like that and
every morning when we're at Ali's
parents house she sits right here
because she wants that ready one two got
food so weird though you want to get
your your square you want your square
your squirrel there all right Dennis
made a squirrel bear up to dog toys it's
actually kind of demented looking so we
get the squirrel bear let's go show that
you're angry Zoey show that you're angry
she's angry yeah get poop Ally playing
in some cat poop Marley wants to eat
that cat poo
what you want van camera sup dude sup
you need some glasses
Marley we're trying to film something
could you please move Martha could you
please move Marley
well it would be if the pinhead wouldn't
move would move we're trying to film
Ali's intro for her wedding video on her
Channel and Marley just doesn't like to
get out of the shot are you checking
okay now they're twisted that's not
gonna work really happy I'm out okay so
how do you just missed you falling off
of it obviously Marley has no idea how
to use the dog cover where you guys
wearing what are you guys wearing huh
tasties wearing a t-shirt or what what
do they caught out what are they calling
are you proud to be an American Kobe do
what are you doing always find something
it's so appropriate for you to be
working and I just found the funniest
picture I think I've ever seen I've seen
this face so many times and I have okay
this is really hard to film with you
here that is the Charles Trippy super
thrilled face I think I was like 14
right there you looked really happy
that's your mouth
yeah just know you're not angry you're
doing your one eyebrow thing it's like a
man no you're mad I had no idea look
angry you look surprised
angry I can't make that face come to
happy because I'm marrying you no wait
do it do it okay don't do anything I'm
gonna coach you relax your mouth kind of
squint your eyes a little and now look
to your right
oh my god look at those shoes and that
longboard that's awesome
little tripping have you ever seen
Marley so happy to see another dog she's
used to Tyson kicking his butt
fall asleep
you
we're using the wide-angle because a lot
of you guys were saying that you like it
or this way that way you can see
everybody including the little jerks in
the back Zoey say hi to the Internet's I
always smile everytime big as camera is
moving yeah so Ali's going to start
editing her little wedding montage
that's going on her channel so she wants
to keep it surprised so she's not
telling me she's not telling you want
butter her own little brain don't worry
about any spoilers you'll see in
November after this video go check it
out on her channel I'll put a link in
the sub R and tell her which ones you
liked and which styles you like and
she'll like you know read through it
maybe we can help her pick out a cool
little dress but a lot of you guys told
her to get one of those like Ariel
mermaid dresses and
it's embarrassing because okay I I don't
know anything about you guys this is
somebody I was reading the comments I
was like get a mermaid dress and I was
like thinking I was like is it gonna
have like scales is gonna be like what
like greenish blue like Arial like you
know from Little Mermaid like the bots I
get it now but I use this like why would
anyone want a mermaid dress in a sense
I personally think they get married and
you should go so we have to have a
treatment and I should tell us checking
up beer here
waitis imagine if you wear like did like
a mermaid wedding in your leg room got a
big beard that I've been frightened
and oh yes okay so we were just talking
about like the different ways that exit
you know like everyone you know runs out
like the new couple runs through a limo
and at the end of the wedding we were
trying to think of we don't want rice
cuz you know rice like birds eat it and
then they explode but we want to do
something non-traditional so like do we
want big giant explosions like we're
just like oh don't look back cool
oh no no we don't fear you know we keep
everyone know it'll be like big
explosion the entire crowd turns around
to cool and we just keep walking in slow
motion slow motion video there's a video
of my Charles Trippy channel a long time
ago it would be shaycarl and we filmed
it it's called real man can't yours like
something what is a real man can't blow
bubbles but bottom line you can't look
cool
bubbles that's chair company let's you
cannot do it is not possible and then
you have to like you have to give the
really good bubbles because if you blow
it too hard
it explodes everywhere and then you get
bubbles
explosion all over your face
let us set a do slant
misuk artists doesn't touch our land I
think it looks like a douche land all
right I'll stop this famine little one
oh we don't bet you're really hungry
then you could eat all the food and then
you can go poopie then you would go all
over and you chased Marley with your
squirrel then you'll be a super happy
puppy
we dog time to go take not years
thank you
have you a deep level of the inner
totally
we're making out with our eyes
oh that's alright I felt like making
everyone really uncomfortable for 30
seconds that at work there are you guys
like trying to look away as you're
watching you're like I should probably
looking away this is kind of getting
weird
that guy contact in America is really
streams like have you ever noticed like
people say hi to each other they you
sometimes look down and they nod
something very rarely do you make eye
contact with a complete stranger
I don't know have you noticed that like
when you're like talking with somebody
they kind of like look around or they
don't really like keep it like focused
on your eyes except you talk to somebody
we having a conversation with somebody
look them straight in the eyes all never
break contact I bet you that I bet you
they'll think you're weird
Ultra tiger Superman give fierce pride
oh my gosh Mountain Man Internet
questions my manhood
I could totally benchpress shaycarl
right now oh really yeah is that
everything
yeah Wow good job man whoo I am trying
for the life of me I am literally
pulling my hair out I'm going to go bald
you remember when YouTube and Google did
that whole link up your accounts thing
well under my main account I have
several accounts
Alys account I said account a lot being
one of them and I cannot for the life of
me figure out how to get into her
channel I have no idea I'm trying my I
cannot figure it out it keeps logging me
into my main will my Charles Trippy
account uh I'm freaking I'm panicking
right now I'm panicking you see me
panicking I want to get this wedding
video uploaded right but I just nothing
is working
Oh a little no no don't worry I calmed
down a little bit now I can explain
what's happening okay do you remember
when YouTube and Google kind of merged
and they make you do you have to log
into your Google account to log into
your YouTube well for some reason Ally
internet killed TV and a couple other
channels are all linked to why one email
account so what I try to login that one
email account goes to the Charles Trippy
account but I can't unlink it at all so
I'm trying right now desperately to get
ahold of YouTube so people like YouTube
right now it's late it's 10 o'clock at
night on Sunday so I feel like a total
douche I want to be able to upload this
video on Ally's channel but if I can't
get into it I can't upload it so if I
can't upload this tonight I'm sincerely
sorry I have no idea what's going on and
I promise it'll be uploaded as soon as I
can if I can't get into that account I
might just upload it here you'll know at
the end if not if there's nothing at the
end that means I failed you and I will
hopefully have it up by Tuesday I'm
going to load up a little glimpse into
the video just to show you that I have a
the video I'm not like I'm not messing
with you wait where is the video
see and that's all I'm allowed to see
that's all I can see I can't show you
guys anymore because that Alan's gonna
get mad at me because she she edited
that and if I if I see any more she's
gonna get mad so I just wanted to show
you we have it it's right there on the
computer we just be enough to get to
uploaded this blurry I'm gonna back up
yes add some coffee I know it's pretty
obvious but I don't know I'm kind of
freaking out I'm really bummed because
Ally really worked hard on this and I
want to get it uploaded but I don't have
no idea what's going on
so let's fingers crossed
yes
with y'all trippin
see
surely
