or through the the boss couldn't stay
back
look at those are the boats and cars you
can't stop them look at those our cars
is tumbling
so that footage is of Japan if you guys
didn't know Japan had multiple
earthquakes but they just had an eight
point nine earthquake and a tsunami just
wow
just like tossed cars like like toys and
boats things like that so we just wanted
to express our condolences and stay
strong Japan stay strong that sucks that
was I was watching the footage on it's
all over YouTube like that's it's a
really cool thing about YouTube like I
found out I saw putted before I saw it
on the news by other people like like
with cameras like this so it was
hardcore it was hard to watch some of it
like you can hear people screen that was
bad but I just wanted to you know people
that weren't paying attention right now
and for everybody to be safe
just take the high ground and yeah it
was pretty crazy so CTFxC loves you ally
is currently getting our hair cut her
hair dude so I'm just gonna go get some
lunch and then bring it to her because
we're going to Brandon we're gonna go to
Tampa and I wanted to try to pick up one
of the iPad twos and basically I just
want to film the line I want to show you
guys the line I don't really think it's
gonna be too bad I mean I feel like the
iPhone yeah that's a huge line you know
the iPod now I've ever really alive but
the iPad really I don't think a line I'm
having to upload yesterday's video right
now remotely for my phone go go it's so
it's funny it's better on my phone right
now than it was in New Orleans that's
pretty bad
all the fallen soldiers well I just got
her her beautiful haircuts
I knew she was gonna stay here did got a
drive drive fast 20 to get on in there
safe
the rare currents were both in the shots
five over here the only the only problem
is that when we're on the Isle outside
we kind of like we look kind of like
little oompa-loompas on the fluffy weird
skewed side like basically selecting the
skew option and Photoshop let's spit on
you guys it was embarrassing I'm not
gonna cut it out though goes against
what I believe what do you think what is
what is the likelihood you guys started
taking your bets now do you think right
now do you think we're gonna get an iPad
to be there in time or not to say yes or
no like you're totally late or something
we'll play a guessing game and see how
many thing we're actually right my guess
I think we'll be able to do it what do
you think are you ready for the
nerdiness it's gonna be dirtiness so we
decided to go to the Brandon Apple Store
because we felt that there would be less
people that knew about it I actually
didn't know about it until recently so
fingers crossed if this works yeah are
you bringing an Android to an Apple
event she's gonna get jumped you're
gonna get jumped I don't have to protect
you now this is actually the place where
and the irony in the situation is now
that they're selling our t-shirts
remember that it was like day three on
the vlogs Ally's way back there
and the line continues all the way down
there and that would be the Apple store
so I guess at Apple they give you free
water and coffee that's Sona it used to
give three doughnuts and apple juice
excuse me sir no cameras excuse me sir
no cameras
all right Justin and why we're switching
this is why you go in groups of people
so you can just like leave and then go
to the bathroom and get food and then go
back out we're gonna go check the hot
topic you want to see if our shirts at
the hot topic what everyone's been
saying it's at the front like the front
glass on a mannequin and that just blows
my mind it's funny we have to be really
sneaky sneaky when recording here cuz
they told us not to but we don't listen
don't listen breaking the laws quickly
sings that there it is that's cool
that's cool
Ali hasn't seen it yet we're right next
to the angry pig Ali just looked over to
me she's like ooh they have extra small
I get one like I'm gonna say no no you
can't buy our own sugar that line has
gotten so much longer so crazy hey Ali
hey Ali hey Ali
it'll get you totally matches your guys
not me
no it's all the same that's why English
it is these are called the Apple sheep
yes and is it yeah it's kind of funny
though but I don't know
like the zombie aunt did you guys have
you guys heard about the zombie aunt
yeah Google Zambia Zambia and being
scared it's so scary
oh there's Justin while we're waiting in
line and we're really bored and her
friends Rachel and blurryface over here
decided to come and visit this was like
40 minutes and we're still waiting left
handed
look our friend Ben at the Apple store
gave us SmartWater
it's official we got somebody get that
kid a cracker right Justin
so we were at this little planter and
now we are at this planter and we are
almost there
but we are winning well we are winning
Megan I'll ask you to let them say that
okay so what are you guys doing here
today you're not getting an iPad I know
we've been here for a really long time
yeah it's terrible you guys have
Twitter's our YouTube
very nice and how about you jump up in
freeze-frame eighties high-five okay
that was good timing I would have to
race over to Andrew and Rachel's house
we're obviously not gonna have enough
time to go all the way back home so they
said we could just do the live show over
there so that's what we're gonna do
screwie gonna run get run gonna run go
scary
Aly keeps looking over there you guys
okay you want to see what I just did
this is I feel like such an idiot I've
had for iPhones I've never dropped one
and I was just on the phone with I was
on a business meeting actually I was
walking out of Apple Store and I
literally dropped my iPhone okay can
guess what happened
BAM so I have to go to the Apple store
again tomorrow and OH
and hope hopefully they can do something
for me yeah I feel like such an idiot
like I feel like such a newbie I've
never done this before
I feel like bad karma likes a wrong
somebody I wrong somebody I don't know I
feel so stupid I feel like it's it's a
stupid phone but I feel so dumb more so
that I dropped it you know what I mean
and it's actually when I was on the
business the business call I dropped it
and I was like mother ba ba ba ba and I
just yelled in the parking lot
I'm like I'm sorry I'm going to have to
quit like and what's really bad this is
the real bad part is that it's like this
is glass so when you do this it like
rubs up and you get shards of glass so
for those people were reading a live
show and wondered why I was late that's
why I was just vlogging the reason I was
already vlogging the reason I feel like
I'm talking you guys later
I was already vlogging the reason why I
was late okay what is he doing he's
biting you he just said that oh okay
he's burrowing he's Burton careful
careful
well that was just purchased we haven't
done a live show so long it was really
fun but now we are driving all the way
home because Ally's mom is going to kill
us if we don't bring her she's freaking
out it's so funny she's been so excited
yeah she's she's been so funny about it
she's like if I don't get one I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna Chuck Norris
everyone coming back to that whole thing
the reason why we waited in line was
because I had never done that before but
I wanted to see what it was but you know
lesson learned never gonna do that again
that was the the biggest waste of time
on the planet but I was able to check
that off the list of thingies and yes my
phone died too so
yes I want to see in the comments
Charles you you knew but you failed
Charles fail iPhone fail it makes fun of
me in the comments I'll allow it
you get a pass you get a free pass on
this one I have no idea what's happening
why is she chasing you
nobody's getting him get hurt Zoe name
the song
that was my baselines
oh my gosh
I'll let you know when I know the date
everyone is in tears I should come and
be so awesome
oh my god that's not gonna be so much
pop ready go you go I got something yet
yeah speed luck
free chips oh that is unopened
that's literally unopened you're kidding
I'm going to so we found these chips on
the street we're gonna try to give it a
Justin a why and people eat oh they're
probably totally well 7 to 5
in your repair
you
psst
with Charlie
