don't judge me
Chuck Starbucks like smells like
somebody just like departed when the
window is open good morning guys I'm a
little little sleepy we just had a
meeting over the first we're starting
the whole wedding planning coordinating
with planner anyway so we just had a
meeting with one of the wedding planners
and she was not yet no it was not JLo it
was not Jennifer Lopez this dudes drunk
crunk crunk in front of am Scott anyway
so we have a couple of meetings today
with wedding planners because we have to
kind of narrow this down in the next
couple months
because we have what nine months 7
months 8 months 12 months
I can't count what is a Pike accreting
Oh a psychic
psychic readings right there so
hopefully no one has to use the toilet
right now hitch and have to pee dude I
want to move I could get you guys
remember when kitchen was a complete
jerk
she's been like totally being nice
lately this has been really weird look
you look like you were gonna be mean you
afraid you have a bad rap on the
Internet is that what you're trying to
be nice again on to me what a bomb fight
boycott there is a bum fight oh my god
bum fight you guys wanna see something
really gross remember my sunburn what
was happening I'm like a lizard that's
so gross
I put putting a low all over my I've
been picking bats the Baptist is and
it's not helping are you crazy mama
alright well anyway we just got done
doing the final wedding planning
interview things it's really you don't
think about that yes I like interview
all these planners and things like that
so yeah we just got done with that now
we have to begin decision oh but also I
brought in forgot to tell you guys
Saturday Ali is going wedding-dress
shopping for the first time yeah so
they're going to Orlando to go
wedding-dress shopping it's like a
girl's event so I don't get the girl but
but Justin why I do which I think it's
kind of silly but beautiful surprise
when you see me for the first time
here's the cool thing what we're gonna
do da Chen is going to pick this up as
if this was the thing doctor's gonna be
filming on this camera on this one for
the vlogs obviously but why is gonna be
shooting on this 5d we're gonna do like
a little montage stuff on Ali's channel
if you didn't know she had a channel
youtube.com slash Ali I still
go subscribe if you didn't know Ally had
a channel and we're gonna do like little
updates or she's gonna do little updates
as she's you know we're getting closer
to the wedding date so I thought that'd
be kind of a fun little thing to do
separately from the vlogs you'll still
see the stuff on the vlogs but it'll be
more polished for a very nice but yeah
Ally's channel is youtube.com slash Ally
so go subscribe if you didn't know we
are going to run out of gas I will give
you $5 Internet if we run out of gas
I've never run out of gas ever I'm
driving I've been driving I've been
driving since 16 so 10 years I've been
driving 10 years and I've never once ran
out of gas I just you know that little
doodad thing it tells you you're you're
out of gas sir or ma'am you should
probably acquire some you should acquire
some gasohol that's all it's gonna go to
the park I want to take the dogs to the
park so I feel bad that we we've been
gone for a couple days so I want to take
them to the park so they can run around
sniffing each others butts and peeing on
things and things of that nature
yes for God whoo did you guys ever
notice there's an arrow between the emex
and FedEx once you see it you'll never
unsee it oh look gas is only 355 nope
credits 361 gasps this is just so
freakin Shady I shake my fist at you
gustation but she could just see what I
mean the lame ones that were listening
to she's coming from Charles's iPhone I
was wondering why he was watching the
video for firework
Hey
- in other words I really wanted you to
start staying just then this is so cool
like I'm never able to get my entire
head in this giant lens yeah so we are
going to go do some stupid pet tricks at
the dog park park gotta go to doggy park
are your part dog gets are gonna do some
picture just a Patrick's at the dog park
gonna impress bitches at the Duggar Park
so dangerous are so dangerous me and my
homeboys are dangerous on a bit mode
squad and dangerous dangerous
can you tell them happy with it you seem
happy I'm very happy Marley you happy
with it I promise that I will try not to
do the close up doggie face that I've
been doing all the time with their noses
just because it when they go like this
it just makes me laugh that's why I keep
doing it I think it's I think they're
saying it's funny whatever if I do it do
you do that's nice I have a big nose to
try it out of me do I have boogies my
nose it's pretty huge
sorry here nope don't want it big big
big big thumbs up yeah you can finally
get the whole thing on this lens yeah
the dirt trapeze dog long it's going to
take her that was totally because you
were teasing it that is because your
teeth
and I give you the Marley Chuck Norris
maybe next time oh oh hi Buffy I'm
having too much fun and now for my first
stupid pet wreck the dinosaur Zoey
dinosaur
the times they put it because your
cellie I for the Marly curls ready
six seven
seven is the match pretty tolerant dogs
come on there we go there we go ready
jump you're on fire what do you do
you're on fire what do you do we're not
torturing the dogs I promise that's
right well that was fun as you can see
we have a little bit of attention issues
with them
do you have actually you know what we're
trying to teach them a new trick do you
guys have any ideas what would be a cool
dog trick that we should try to do
that'd be pretty sweet do it wrap it
wrap it coming up there's like little
bumps yeah
totally ethically mag but it was fun if
you were here you don't make a turn on
the red they tell you no you do it
anyway and then you hit on my car my
beautiful machine what did you do it to
me Mario we're gonna drive it on the
looking nicer alder it is another fast
era but it is very nice I don't know
what accent I'm doing it right now but
it kind of sound like an Italian but I
don't know those of you who have been
watching our videos for the past two
years almost hold on let me finish let
me finish let me translate to what you
saying to tell ya no go what the hell is
that
what a d-bag anyway for those people
have been watching the videos for the
past two years have you noticed that the
classes of the language that alla learns
that's what she randomly goes to do fast
like I'm not doing ok so we first
started she would always randomly just
go into Spanish then last year she
randomly went into French
now she's randomly going into Italian
yeah okay Anna you given me something
for the beautiful beef
I like pizza I like a beat
you are baby I've only this camera
didn't weigh like 10 pounds I'd vlog one
this every single and all of today's I
can be really bad already but look at
this you can see my guns ready to see my
guns my giggles keys keys don't forget
the keys I'm gonna call the cops on you
can't take us anywhere
I said we should just buy a bunch of
nerf stuff wait what what is this why do
they have hard stuff at the end of them
as if obviously is pretty in demand cuz
that's the last one
this is what we do one Thursday night
Wow okay wait you see that video the
snake biting the girl's boob you see
that you see that internet that's pretty
funny you go to the most delicate aisle
is this payback for the little app thing
time to leave yes we are that yeah we
are that cool we just closed Target
he is a lazy
yes
with y'all trippin
with
