cupcake for breakfast cuz that's how I
roll morning okay so yes I have this
cupcake now Czerny and my moose atashi
um so I'm trying to upload the vlog it's
at a hundred and seven minute seventy
one hundred and seventy minutes I'm
sorry you're ready you beat everyone I
beat everybody I woke up first
BAM case in point men men one all right
guys before I forget I just wanted to
tell you I have some really fun news I
said the last week that we have some
really awesome interesting news okay so
here it is last August
you guys contacted tweek footwear to
make a CTF X you well I got an email
back in August about that asking if we
wanted to do it but the thing is it got
lost in my inbox the funny thing is that
you guys were harassing them to make a
CTFxC shoe on their Twitter and their
Facebook and stuff like that but the
funny thing it was already in the inbox
and they already wanted to do it so
anyway long story short we are going to
make our very own internet kill TV CTFxC
shoe that you guys are going to design
all you're gonna have to do is go to our
Facebook page they'll put the link in
the sub are below and then when you go
there on the left hand side I believe
it's gonna say something along the lines
of the CTFxC shoe then we're gonna do is
we're gonna click it and then click
ideas and follow the instructions go say
something to enter your idea and submit
your idea for the shoe like to tell us
what you want you what did what do you
want it to look like basically if you
want at the high top low-top with colors
anything that you can think of what do
you want to shoe to say about you as
you're wearing it like what people say
like all that dudes awesome video and
look in the video description I'm gonna
put everything in words so that way you
know but we need your ideas so start
giving them to us
and it's actually gonna happen we're
gonna have our own shoe it's gonna be
really awesome transformer caution
forces the tube is trying to draw him
out hello police officer on a Segway and
this is what it looks like in the
daytime
same craziness
we were told not to go at night which
this at three thousand over nine
thousand year old tombstone these these
if you don't know New Orleans they don't
bury their deceased they don't do it
under ground these are all above ground
that's scary isn't it Lyon 1809 this is
crazy it's really like a city it's like
a small seriously otherwise you're gonna
be scared of it all the other no it's
not about it's not about being afraid
it's about being respectful this is no
I'm totally respect I mean this is this
fine boggling did you look at this
I know 1823 that's insane that's really
insane other way
go turn around we have to turn around
honestly it's kind of like it's almost
depressing but it's also really
intriguing no you think like all this is
just so fascinating
what's gonna happen like 500 years from
now oh I know well hopefully people have
you around then won't this one this
one's kind of opened yeah three thousand
years like that so I wonder if people
will oh I know the ones are from 1800
this is what's really weird for me it's
like you go to this one this one's like
from the 1800's then you turn around and
this one it's like from 2008 and it's
just like BAM 2008 1808 it's you know I
mean it's just really weird like how
they have everything placed it's like a
like a condo for deceased people I don't
mean in a rude way I'm just saying it's
kind of strange how everything is I mean
any disrespect I just it's weird how
everything is just shelves
18:38 Oh giant pyramid see what I mean
it look look how nice that one looks and
then you see all run down those are it
just really oh wow this one's look at
this jeez this is fascinating isn't it
guys
and then whoa someone's got graffiti all
over and makeup wait I'm confused what
is this this is interesting
does anyone in the Internet know why
they put xxx all over and then maybe
like little trinkets like I said earlier
shells beads makeup
for the party
look how sketchy those balconies are
don't walk under there you leech it up
my boy
the party Patrol he's writing writing
people tickets he wrote chawla ticket I
got a party-pooper Award for being too
handsome and not partying enough oh here
a party pooper you got a ticket yes he's
like did you read that sign sir here's a
ticket I'm like
okay alright so first off I'm sorry the
videos from Mardi Gras are gonna be kind
of late for some reason they go from I'm
not kidding yesterday's video went from
30 percent we went to get lunch I looked
on the VNC program and it was at 92% I
have no idea it just jumps and then
it'll take like blah blah takes a long
time anyway
I'm reading the comments and I just have
to say YouTube served us a very
hilarious
URL did you guys catch the URL from
yesterday's video I'm not gonna tell you
what it was just go watch yesterday's
video look at the URL come back here and
just type it let's see if you guys get
it because it's pretty funny for
immature people which is what I would
like to say I'm a mature immature person
I think it's the best way to be
no see the hand grab the tail part no
take the tail straight detail out don't
drip it on your first man here's the
part that you might think is bull
okay you just squeeze it in see the tail
see this part of the tail right here
what you want to do is you want to pinch
it right there and guess what the middle
slide right out check it out it's a
street sweeper it's a guy movies like
that movie with the monster in the
different city there we go
the famous famous police for powdered
face treats
uber last year when we came here and
I've told you about the story but I was
waiting in line over there at the girl
Bahama do you guys remember that one
that was a good year Charlie Sheen so
now we mark it on Ali now
I'm trying to I don't know I know I'm a
witness this okay we don't live for the
hostess I'm gonna win clean yeah okay
I never said when you bought those
sweepers no Chuck I say who you got and
you got him right now think about
oh you just got played so hard no but I
knew that was gonna happen what's gonna
happen yet
Oh Ramona hello okay so he walked in the
frame while I was filming and I kind of
like panicked because I thought he was
like gonna ring is he gonna do something
new yeah but it turns out that he
watches shaped-charge right yeah oh yeah
and then we even said what his name a
place mean he's like named the place I'm
like what it seems you got a bill call
him out so coming back to the guy
totally hustled me and I knew it I knew
it
and it's your fault that's not supposed
to happen
it's not supposed to be working right
now
hey guys now the videos over please go
to our Facebook page and submit your
ideas for the CTFxC shoo slash internet
killed television shoo it's up to you
guys how this thing looks and we really
want it to look awesome and I know you
guys have some great ideas so please go
over there all the information is in the
video description below if you don't
have a Facebook don't worry you can
submit your ideas to ideas at tweaked
footwear calm and just in the subject
put CTFxC shoe that way they know it's
for us so again check out the video
description submit your ideas on our
Facebook app and I will see you guys
tomorrow oh by the way did you find a
little Charles Trippy mini-me did you
see him he was around there somewhere
tell me the time
see if anyone found him alright good
night guys
a birthday
giddy with child trippy
in early
