so do you have an oil for breakfast Oh
Krispy Kreme yeah so I'm in the bathroom
coming the bathroom oh grandma
before the shower never after yes after
kids got a stick yeah this is how they
get the air out of the blue mattress I
don't want to tell them the easiest way
to do it shins wrap yourself in it and
roll on the ground like you're supposed
to put the engine thing sucks and do it
on reverse dot F does not give up look
at you you just gave up if I work there
done that's a one-person job it's the
makeup room okay we got we got okay you
got two in here got two in there and
those just mosey on over here okay see
we're already we're just waiting and
then we got two more over here still not
hey the guys are always ready girls just
take forever oh no we should be we
should raise them we would win we were
to be gone pressure church with Wyatt
driving
Oh
it's 150 what time we were supposed to
leave we heard now on the road the other
shells Michelle you've I've seen her on
Melissa's channel and then play at
Melissa and then dot Justin wider in the
other car in front of us all right I
change there we have like a five hour
trip and Ali's already she's already
tweeted out remember last year when we
did this trip it was so cold it's snowed
this year it's going to be so hot it's
gonna rain this year for Mardi Gras I'm
going to do something a little different
my friend Scott Kim Martin made a little
animation of the Charles Trippy
everywhere little photoshopping thing so
I'm going to put him randomly while
we're at Mardi Gras randomly in the
video and he's just gonna walk across
the street a screen or in the background
just kind of like what I was
demonstrating right now and your job for
the next few days while at Mardi Gras is
to tell me at what time you see me my
little dude my little mini Charles
walking across the street aight i could
it could happen to anyone at any time
fuck around some baby they can walk
around to boobies a creepy rest stop
bathroom and dirty look at it I'll over
guys Odie's use a paper towel awesome
blob bait on some crickets some crickets
and worms
wants him kick it out there is florida
state line o.o what I do Alabama al
ma'am well those kind of cool on the
lens
check it out guys lots lots of rain
way it's both it was supposed to be
clear today so I don't know
leaders club I don't think you think
it's gonna affect anybody everyone's
pretty much gonna go out anyway right
yeah I think everyone's be partying it's
actually we were just talking about how
it's just going to clean the streets of
New new island
I say it I don't know say na say the
same thing oh that does their coffee
then say it's still wrong do you know it
better when you used to do that without
their damn shame daddy do you know
Michelle is who that saved am gonna beat
them splay what is it
the little lamb chop if you find them
tell me other time you find them it'd be
like kind of like Oh where's waldo but
where's drawls go give you something
give you something Charles charred oh
yeah like that okay we are where are we
we are so close so i just wanted to give
you guys a little my phone cut all
jacked up oh look my phone right there
it's almost stopped let me get a new one
do I know it's really gross back
scratcher this one looks like it's kind
of giving in the shocker
yeah anyway that's pretty gross poor
little baby Gators we are we are
currently in Mississippi quick spell
that we are we are almost there about an
hour away away I've done like that
either I have to unlock it hold on okay
oh my car's not working non-locking oh
wait where's what's going on oh it's
unlocked begin with embarrassing is the
key I swear I'm not drunk thought that's
Shady oh just those people over there
and those people who the ones that were
staring at us and waiting for the train
we came out of the bathroom and the guys
going into the bathroom oh damn look at
her that's when you supposed to take a
keen stabbed him in the face that's what
you do kids if you ever being stalked to
stab them in the face with your keys if
you have keys you'll have a key I'm
sorry yeah you keep that taser away well
if they're coming at you and you need to
protect yourself looking you my coke
here Charlie she would be happy oh you
soon winning hashtag winning tiger blood
welcome to Louisiana American wet Lions
plan
we made it now we just have to find our
hotel look at that view of that freezing
cold pool that none of us are going to
enjoy oh look at what we got you wanna
you want to set it up okay well well cut
well cut right now we came prepared this
time last time how much did we spend on
drinks and time now we gotta wait for
why Justin dot to get here because we
totally beat them hey I know um so ways
no I got these stupid socks I've shown
you guys these before right and they
always slide off anyway my manhood just
went away didn't it with all this shit
it makes me look like I don't have socks
but i do have socks but i don't i shut
up ritual number one of hotel tests that
we do every single time we have to test
the internet and then we have to test
the bed by jumping on it so see it was
testy internet and see how fast this
baby is I know a huge nerd but he
uploads a little bit better for the
downloads that's the download so the
vlogs the blogs will be up oh I dropped
it dropped but would you say this is
representing look at this Tyson and
kobir gonna be jealous and Ali's over
here doing your little bartending I'm
frosting the glasses for you guys oh
that's so fancy so I don't know if you
guys from the UK noticed this but this
is a screenshot as you can see right
there from YouTube in the UK and it's a
little bit racy I would say that's
that's kind of funny all right let the
knife again guys let the knife again
excited Justin
that is a cool thing that gives you take
it as you part oh this is the place this
is a place where you guys were disgusted
by the smell yep
you're over this place last time smells
awful you say this is a video can you
say CTFxC for the win high five no hold
on we got it you look so happy high five
yes it's gonna be a great night I can
already tell because everybody is just
feeling the love which I which I love
don't pay attention to the guy who was
angry yelling in the background because
we're happy so that's all that matters
right but when you turn me on let's run
away so we're at the magnolia grill see
Elvis oh no it's video it's video
I wish I run it back on cash
look at that like clouds tonight I don't
even know how loud this is I'm sorry
like the wind is so crazy I wish I hope
you guys were able to hear the guy he
played old swanee River um but like
Christmas was pretty sweet rad life over
there hot sauce crab legs back here go
subscribe you guys have been happy if
they have a channel they do it's grad
life I'll put the link in the sub are so
you can check them out look how many
people were there can you see how crazy
that's gonna be do you see that oh it's
gonna be interesting
Oh
Oh
Lambros
who's that our fall
right the self-respecting way
and set on
you
see what
army with
where's the EXT
with trust raphy
West with chubby and hairy
Morley
