good morning I tell her open it open it
so II rods are you run for years again
all crazy is ready to go for a car ride
ready for ya you ready we gotta bring in
the computer you guys have to do some
editing and okay do you bring what you
want to bring your frog yeah sitting on
deserted hallway also my mom just I view
that video about the honey badger and
you guys seen that it is whole area it's
my bike oh look at him he's got a snake
Oh gross of the honey badgers is just
crazy look like spracf honey badger I'm
bored all right is there anything we
need can you think of anything okay we
got your food get your leashes we got
your glucose men or glucose mean um
that's it I think it's it start this
adventure Oh car keys late where my car
keys it oh great break it I did you guys
do that like sometimes like I I've done
this so many times I big wear my glasses
I have no idea where my glasses are
holla on my face do it all the time or
like where's my hat it's on my head it's
embarrassing it's always so eerie right
before vacations because people usually
leave a day early or something just to
travel and have time to get where
they're going so when it's this quiet
like the only sound of the projector and
the computer
nobody Papa that's the same room isn't
that precious seriously when did i buy
this air fresher like two days ago
I don't think there's an air fresher it
smells like nothing now it smells like
plastic stupid stupid Sid so stupid you
see you see everything then I try
something new I feel like my heads cut
off like a ginormous head that's all
right do you feel great see are you so
how do you see but what do I believe
this now i can't speak spanish nice try
though what if what if L good job so
we're done we're very excited not
forever just for now we have spring
break coming up it's going to be great
we're going to mardi gras actually what
are you doing some break well I was
going to go to Mardi Gras but then that
was never really going to happen hey
let's fuck two we love it there ahead
Jenny lovely while you're there whew oh
my god okay I'm gonna buy a car hey so
spring break is going to be fabulous and
that girl is awesome that a teacher no I
don't know should be just a visitor now
they're not gonna come to FSU because
they're like all these bitches are crazy
my bad also check out our sweet shades a
hold on well I can't those my headband I
was gonna do the little thing but I
grabbed my husband yet then feel free fo
for you well that's good very
resourceful this clip has gone on way
too long driving in the car look at out
the window
what you see
the wheels on the bus go round and round
round and round round and round the
wheels on the bus go round and round 99
bottles of beer at the wall 99 bottles
of beer take down messing around 98
bottles of beer at the wall Thank eight
bottles up here in the wall 98 bottles
of beer you take one down pass it around
97 bottles of beer on the wall I don't
know if you can see this lady but this
is an example of what you shouldn't do
while driving she almost hit me because
she was turning a corner without our
turns to go on and I didn't know what
she was doing she is holding your phone
like this holding a cigarette in one
hand and driving with the other hand you
know kids I just don't recommend that
you do that I mean I guess in all
fairness i'm blogging while i'm driving
but i'm watching the road feel like I'm
just having a conversation in the car by
myself it's kind of awkward fifty two
bottles of beer on the wall fifty three
bottles of beer you take one down pass
it around you got 51 bottles of beer on
the wall 51 bottles of beer on the wall
51 bottles of beer 20 bottles of beer on
the wall 20 bottles of beer you take one
down and pass it around 27 bottles of
beer on the wall 27 bottles of beer on
the wall 27 bottles of beer 14 bottles
of beer on the wall 14 bottles of beer
and take one down pass it around 13
bottles of beer on the wall 13 bottles
of beer on the wall 13 bottles of the
you take one down pass it around hey
forgot to some game it's my family and
Wyatt you got it oh yeah we're going
home garden again two bottles of beer on
the wall two bottles of beer and take
one down pass it around what bottle of
beer on the wall one bottle of beer on
the wall what bottle of beer you take
one down pass it around
it comes
we actually never finished that song
please start 99 bottles of beer fall 99
bottles of beer
somebody's hired
I completely forgot everyone's getting
out because spring break so now I just
got through the traffic at FSU and now I
have to go through the traffic for us
why do they put everybody on spring
break at the same time just makes it
giant cluster s speech to text is
totally awesome period penis ! poop ?
penis again see the process speech to
text is totally awesome hey tengas again
what that's totally inappropriate
Charles period don't say that word there
are kids watching process quicker sir
that's totally inappropriate Charles
don't say that word there are kids
watching idiot it worked don't worry
guys I'm being totally safe I'm
completely Sam still on the interstate
because the interstate is stupid I don't
know why I'm yelling I don't know why I
have to yell to make sure it hears me
the interstate is stupid I don't know
why I'm young that looks like a freaking
tornado forming over there
if you're like Bill Paxton we're all
gonna die man we're all gonna die that's
my bill paxton from a different movie
can you guys name that movie caution
horses tea break this is actually more
for me and that's so much them they just
want a stiff breaks if break for them
subtotal oh ho you stop the sake of
those okay what you've been here 10
minutes and you're already eating the
catnip Elton Marley just tried to steal
it here you go don't forget your towel
and push with your tongue to get it into
the hole I make it two years I'm ask you
that there are doing do it do it do it
do it if you can't doesn't want to throw
up blue or if you're seeing the people
that are sending out of iron powder is
it is what we just did it's really funny
it's really funny yeah oh boy
I had to play that neck band once and
then the city structure sang us to
beginning part that's all he said so
that's all I ever learned come on man
come on true story interesting what's a
Glen I know it's from Glen's really Anna
gram like a like a you know like I did
not know this because I never study
anthropology like extensively but
apparently the engine tall in is a
German fatality mo valley of the knee
Anders so like tall is Valley Big Valley
yeah it's greater than Y but don't look
for me hold mine next year's the light
actually 30 stairs stopping through the
very bed they need us coming 3d set two
at once hi hi I can't do that far do
that part whatever the ridiculous let me
call this one on the clap but where our
food comes in solving we're weird why
what did you do to my food i'll let you
should look came like that came on
appropriate okay my there's more
inappropriate than what you just did
well I took it way to the next level X
naught minus a chain like that we
shouldn't be allowed in public we really
should accept it that's fine you're
allowed in public or not maybe we happen
to building this will come full circle
full circle over what this work because
I don't feel like it worked that we work
can you see my mousse Tower dude we can
kind of see it on yours yeah 3 I have a
fancy mustache
I'm filming you're filming no I started
filming first actually no you can camera
so I started filming no you're wrong I'm
right I feel like isn't this whole blog
none of this has made sense everything
that I've done today is when completely
ridiculous literally nothing has made
sense because I have like 10 minutes of
footage of total you gonna be good yeah
can you guys see that the thing is
totally sparking it's licking things out
it's by the road it's popping the rock
road stuff up I don't know how we're
going to tell him slow down you're on
fire dude blow up yeah I don't know how
to get a bold as a chain you can see the
chain dangling
I off
I don't know your trailer sparking I'm
gonna pull over
oh good got it good job charge although
they should be pulling over on the side
of the interstate yeah oh no there's a
wreck right there oh that's an
upside-down car that's never good don't
it again I've been to the two-minute
mark on this will alone well I don't
roll for that long people get before
Greg internet you guys want things to
happen oh my god I can just tell you
where to go and you can push go I'll
literally do anything your hair is gonna
get caught in the wheel quick this is
was in celebration of my friend hannahs
birthday it's not here so we celebrated
without her she turned 20 and we love
her and she's in Spain right now in the
Canary Islands at kind of all which is
awesome and she's probably having a
grand time she made that yeah that's so
cute LVN happy birthday all right after
13 hours i am back at home and we got
the mardi gras crowd already so we're
leaving first thing in the morning you
excited Justin jamar tgirl get crunk
it's my hand grenades I've been on the
road for like 13 hours now i'm going to
edit that wouldn't be a party pooper and
go to bed it's gonna be another six
hours we get to travel back in time at
least negative hour so that's good I had
to make sure the pups we're taking care
of you know because I don't like the
thing about like kennels and things like
that I don't like doing that with Zoey
Marley cuz you know I I feel like
they're above but no it's just I trust
them you know with our family more and
we already know they're spoiled everyone
knows everyone house I'm a little bit of
delirious a little bit of delirious I
was actually driving and I thought I
kept seeing deer like jumping into the
road but it wasn't deer at all and then
I thought I saw a dinosaur a real
dinosaur
that turned out to be just one of those
cranes you know those big like things
that dig into the road I thought the
dinosaur sorts so I'm losing it everyone
out here watching movies so I thought
Wyatt yeah all right guys I'll see you
guys well I want to literally pass out
with the 360 yeah guys I forgot to tell
you if you want some bonus clips while
we're at mardi gras before the vlogs
make sure to subscribe to us on our
iPhone channel youtube.com slash trippy
links in sub R and I'm gonna try to
upload throughout the day couple times
while we're at Mardi Gras
it's coming over yard anyway
where's epsxe
kitty which all trippy
likessee
with sharpie and Ally don't forget
you
