exam
yes sorry
Jolyon she's studying for one of our
final exams this is a study process
difference but give you guys a gold star
if you know what class she's taking
right now dude they didn't understand
the morphologically complex construction
about the others
can you guys relay is that how you study
to talks yourself short answer question
hey Marley is that your seat eyes ear
dude nice ear take a right hand turn oh
by the way guys member two days ago when
they had that whole area roped off right
here apparently over in that corner
somebody I guess dumped a bunch of
fluorescent light bulbs and I guess they
broke so they were afraid of everyone
getting mercury poisoning I guess that's
basically what happened somebody sent me
a link to a TV report but I guess
somebody dumped illegally a bunch of
trash in there like an idiot who would
do that like oh we got this thing of
light bulbs so we just dumped it in a
parking garage so that's that's what was
going on and they had hazmat and all
that stuff it's kind of like a waste of
taxpayer you know money that some idiot
did that oh well people are stupid
sometimes
and now the mystery is solved we can
rest easy sleep at night guys check it
out a car made entirely out of Legos
well not really entirely it's so cool
they're like glue them on there that's
pretty cool hey you wrapped up in clover
where's the bee holes those of the bee
holes
they're stinging you get to give her a
bath Hey look at that that's disgusting
rolled in a banana
sorry it's windy again today police are
sharing all the sort of sharing that is
like the most scary look at Ali's little
tattoos I want a parrot there's a reason
why I took this away from Zoe okay I'm
putting this in the tree
I'm putting the backward belongs in the
tree no more part of the tree now sorry
nope so I was coming to sit next to Ali
and then look who went and stole my spot
it's a brat here I have two pillows why
don't you
Alley
wakey-wakey how did you fall asleep like
that
Yugo fell asleep doing which my what Oh
hair there remember last time we went
out and you guys yelled at me for not
dressing up look see I'm wearing a nice
shirt this man I know
so everyone yep yell at Ali now I'm
still wearing my my pink cut-off pants
though they were red at one point they
were okay everyone asked me how I do my
hair actually I have a question when you
guys get a haircut do you notice that
you still use a lot of shampoo like
you're still using the shampoo that you
would put before your hair was like
shorter you notice that I don't do that
all the time I'm like oh that's way too
much just random thoughts
hashtag random thought she really
concentrate
yeah that reply choice would be hashtag
written by you done come on now I'm
sorry I love you done gun broke that
 yo Zoe's coming in to mediate now
I'm bored with you I don't Jesus I'd
never do I only leave only tell me as
ever get her drunk airdrome I think the
only time I hit the hairdryer ever
touches my hair you might get it cut
boring that would just be weird
come on slowpoke say something I'm
Italian
there's an Italian man there's a menu
right there the word for something say
rate comment and subscribe tell them
tell them to click thumbs up in Italian
click fara like foxes body butter click
a tune back down there is it really yeah
I really am not sure you're supposed to
be doing that wait let me try some dope
formerly I asked you not to pour it all
in there I asked you as soon as it came
not supporting Holland there it was the
delicate balance the mail think it is a
man thing
it is a man thing itsy-bitsy spider
walked across the street then came a
shadow and covered his they moved kind
of spider is that it hurts like it's a
deadly one okay dude as much as I don't
like you
let's move to the side I don't want to
get squished thank you
remember that karma dude don't come in
my apartment
you saved a spider
we saved a spider what do we do yeah
what did you do open the package then
you the hug is just like so happy I
can't be okay guys you have to do a
trick now okay Zoe you have to do your
dinosaur trick ready big dinosaur big
dinosaur good job okay Marley you got a
Chuck Norris this ready nope ready
spin kick spring kick sprint kick roll
roll roll like you're on fire
ready Zoe Zoe do not eat that don't you
bitch you totally just knocked it on my
hand
okay ready mark no so you already have
two now ready tomorrow quick Marlee what
do you do when you're on fire what do
you do when you're on fire stop drop and
roll stop drop and roll
you're such a jerk today she's so
confused let go she looks into the door
she doesn't doesn't like abused
where's the psst
with child tripping
we're
with dirty
