keep reading keep reading keep reading
keep reading given we are here today RAF
domestic yeah don't use the word like
you down
you made it D Zoey Lilly David
Copperfield dude is a new race we always
miss the cool stuff anytime we see some
gourmet popsicles
we're always suckers I don't even think
you got me it is beautiful out and
doesn't look like there's rain on the
forecast so today is the day we're going
just learning knock on wood that there
that's chipping that really cuts wood I
just have technical wood we knocked on
it so it's happening all right now sorry
Joey
I'm sorry we have a couple hours
actually an hour I have to kill so we
went Dexter the boat rental place if you
do go go ape thanks on my next income
right next to our right a boat this is
already turning to one of those why what
they letting us do it for free why not
I feel like like at summer camp you know
what I'm not gonna do really hard to
come on please sad or vain to use
anomaly penny sighs we have a yellow
book available a yellow bow we all move
on yell about a freaking yellow boat
this isn't a lot of food Thank You ooh
hey Rocco babe everyone looked on
Instagram stories right we met Freddy
and was the fun fact about a I'll John
what was the fun fact about this place
this place this entire place done by
David Shelton that's what I've been told
my man so what are we going the
playground we're going to the playground
that's way more fun than I fed you
spending right there a 4-12 not the most
flattering position opinion I'm picking
the old-fashioned way by Jerome killing
you know you know be really funny if you
fell still get hurt do it for the vlog
do it for the vlog look at the guy get
this guy a hat make it to the ends no
you going all the way let me get a shot
up there but I don't want to go up there
sorry all right take two come on e by
the way this is connected here upside
down so it doesn't fall if it falls it
goes like this they're gonna get a
little awkward there's gonna be a lot of
my face angles on the tree area thank
you my name is agent experiment hunter
and this conference will be very upset
because you can see it but she is
working in two trucks
let me decide by which I would really
like to have right now there's gonna be
fun already bad all right
oh this is moderate I want to know what
your dream is
I feel like I got like scariest job here
filming on Ally's camera
I know if you can see what's on my head
okay yeah there's no elegant way getting
back up there like a spider Oh God
you were laughing at me now yeah this is
like super high up - pretty crazy I tell
you were making fun of me my speed well
undergoing your body what about this
right now
don't you owe that bonus you're right oh
and I wanted to warn you but I didn't
don't worry I did it though
what I do like you know Jesus
okay to get let's build a bunch of stuff
in trees make sure you all walk across
there no hands no hands
exactly
okay Dave camera don't fuck
this was a big stream one that's the
moderate one
oh really I'm social going to put inside
Rebecca
nothing comfortable I think there's a
fun boomerang event happen believe me ah
and he made it believe it or not kids I
didn't think that was going to happen oh
my god more fun it looks crazy look how
much they're missing if you go fast is
way more fun
I wanted to is it I'm supposed to hold
these right the other way is much harder
Marfa you take good day most of all
right now we got these designs five four
three
everything's kind of good - there's a
giant spider on the thing that's great
connected
Strauss run I squat their wife ha ha
not many fell for me we're we're pretty
high now
haha
shut up more fun my way I put a booby
trap in there
good job ed you killed me yeah you did
oh gosh
doing no hand see the faster you go
easier it is we did it
that's a high-five
it's like she's running and now she
can't spin
ma'am excuse me ma'am you're breaking it
just standing there I got this no hand
let's work out I think I've had ever be
orangutan you guys all the time
three two one this one has been
terrified not because of what it is but
because the SEC had afraid the backpack
is going to get stuck all right
so it's amazing
Todd yeah well your awesome is really
not scare the crap out of you that's
what fun aren't you jumping and feels
making me tell you go okay go yeah fun
that's inside out I did six Leno to 32
to 33 three so three and a half hours we
did it though yeah well it's terrible
high five and then we're going to go
check out another thing you guys told us
other than central BBQ was just as fried
chicken so we're going to go try that
place we feel this is like the best time
to do it I'm sure that we are it's
finally got formal sit-down place so
we're gonna have losses go now I feel
like that's the best workout I've done
in a very long time that was like a wolf
tour show worked out to your
recommendation we're trying got this
fried chicken you want to go first
there's one more place that we need to
go is that ice cream frozen yogurt
yogurt place shape I don't know whatever
it's okay you can get like the link
thing
still looks friggin off ya member booty
type of person like what these please
they get been sending us I have to take
photos to do that guy walking with
something of this but right now he
doesn't know what to do by the way to
hear any wind on the camera I lost my
little fuzzy guy while trying to climb
the trees but looking boy both our last
night here in this bitch and we decided
to go on a little date night where we go
pretty alley looks we're going to play
both clubs or part kpp it no smart
for the local manager last night we
wanted to have a good like I'm last
night out before them hopefully not 24
hours right we're going early in the
morning not wedding we're not doing
evening thing again I don't want to
sleep with another truck go to the that
apparently is very it's very iconic for
the place you go get in the morning I
think that was it
you
