huh it's the same intersection from
yesterday no hazmats
or cops or anything like that what
happened on college and Calhoun
yesterday so I am totally being a super
nerd I'm uploading yesterday's video
that you guys already saw oh it's like
blast from the past again but I'm also
looking up the live stream of the new
iPads apparently if you can look down
here where is he were there Steve Jobs
was on the stage and look how skinny he
is poor I mean he's he's going through
some rough stuff look how skinny he's
like it's a skeleton that's so crazy how
small he is but you know it's really
cool that he's on stage he's presenting
his his masterpieces of master pie I'm
reloading the page to see what the new
iPad is I know it makes me a total nerd
but whatever were you doing it to I know
some of you I know I just II knew I was
up up holy crap
that's thin check it out they actually
have a white one and a black one who
wants to take a guess that there's going
to be another white iPhone iPad dilemma
they didn't even released a white iPhone
4 right never came out I think they said
it was going to come out but it never
came out yeah I'm such a sucker for
Apple products I know I'm such an Apple
fanboy a Canon fanboy well my nerd
moment is now done I don't know what it
is I I just get fascinated by new
technology every single time oh hi lazy
dogs it all means so freakin lazy ok we
just did two miles that's true take it
back we're still sending out some shirts
we've still got a couple left to do
before we leave we are going on vacation
in a couple days so I'm looking I'm
looking forward to that it's gonna be
really cool we're going with a bunch of
people were going with my sister her
friend dot have Justin and Wyatt so
it'll be a giant giant gathering of
friends going on vacation it's gonna be
really fun I'm looking I'm looking
forward to it it's
spring break so she gives us distress a
little bit she's in she's actually had
to take three exams today oh by the way
remember that philosophy paper that she
was freaking out about she thought she
was gonna fail
guess what she got just I'm gonna give
you three seconds to guess what she got
on that ready doo doo doo doo 1 2 3
she got 91 every time she thinks she's
gonna fail she comes back with like an a
so she said in the comments say I told
you so Ally I told you so
yeah she'll love that freakin B
that's really cool
watch meze tries to get this stuff out
of it
sorry guys if this is boring I just
thought it was fascinating
and the fact that they're not even
stinging these for this week
see that these are fighting
yeah well I said you gonna fight
hold still maybe they won't see me
I hurt so bad if they sting me I'll
deserve it because I'm being an idiot
right now
I hope I hope none of you have some sort
of deathly fear of bumblebees itty bitty
bumblebees anyway so I was I was running
with the dogs and all of a sudden they
started freaking out because well
obviously there was bees coming at him I
was I was having fun with it so I had to
film it with the 7d until the end then
the end I was totally being attacked and
I felt like Macaulay Culkin and my girl
who was that too soon it's okay because
probably about 50% of you guys have
never even heard of the movie my girl or
Macaulay Culkin or seen it if not you
should watch it Zoe's falling asleep
because I've been running them look at
Marley's in the back to all the exercise
everyone's getting healthy you know get
healthy with those baddies say hi I
don't really like bees that much
don't go able to do today guys look at
this this is my floor board
my car is a disaster obviously all the
hair in the background since we're
leaving this weekend and I'm going to
have a lot of people in my car I I feel
I feel obligated to try to clean my car
so I'm actually gonna try to clean my
car and I hate doing it I hate doing
leaving cars this is the reason why I
hate cleaning my car because they don't
for some reason our apartment complex
does not allow us they have a car like
cleaning area you know car wash and
stuff but they don't have yes they don't
have plugs so it doesn't make any sense
we have to run
diets 400 bazillion feet extension cord
and risk tripping my neighbors
that's main thing why this is have you
ever noticed that no matter how neatly
organized that you wrap up your cords
they always tangle themselves it's like
it take you like the mysterious sock
monster that just goes and steals your
sock you know like when you do a load of
laundry come back and you're missing you
have odd number of socks doesn't make
any sense
I just doesn't make any sense finally
you're protecting it you're protecting
electricity good job the disaster zone
oh man that's so gross serious I'm just
gonna have to shave Zooey Marley I want
to make them bald not me what you guys
think looking better a little bit more
presentable
moment of truth no more dog hair looks
so much better doesn't it I feel I feel
like a new man
pretty much why I get kicked out of
every gym I ever so Ariel is convinced
that there ghosts in my house okay and
so arrows freaked out because the dog
just took off by her actually Zoe is
being really weird she just took off I
and she's really still there must be
something in the closet
other than the air conditioner also this
is kind of like why I'm always afraid to
go to the gym because I never know what
half these machines do I'll be that guy
it was like doing something in one of
the machines
oops and then it should happen doing
something that and one of the machines
completely wrong and then some guys just
like laughing at you I'm still conscious
in the gym guys
so it's totally kicked out of the house
Ali and her friends are studying today
dudes I am so proud of myself for the
past week and a half almost two weeks
I've run ran and walked about six or
more miles a day I feel so much better I
challenge you CTFxC if you haven't been
running and walking of an exercising get
up pause this video alright right now
actually just wait because the video is
almost over that it's almost 10 o'clock
at night - after this video if if you're
not watching it at night I'm making too
many classify no excuses go run a mile
or at least walk a mile get it grab a
dog if you have your dog just go walk
your dog you'll be surprised how quick
that goes so I don't want to be all
preachy and stuff like that but it's
what I want just kind of a little bit of
motivation really I'm just gonna try to
kill some time so I don't disrupt them
because they're studying for one of
their final exams then we can go on
vacay I shouldn't say vacay cuz that's
so stupid
I feel so much better right now -
because I clean my car come on I got to
show you this look at this you guys
recognize this this this patch right
here is probably older than some of you
this patch is from like 1997 AFI patch
right there yeah I don't know if you
guys been listening to Fi since those
days the East Bay hardcore I just
thought was funny and it just shows you
how long it's been since I've cleaned my
car out oh I just talked a lot but go
nice I am I decided to surprise them
with some cheesecake the collective all
time one two three
oh I'm just with governments really they
have candles these are candles that
smell like food
as ridiculous and then look at this air
freshener has like a scratch-and-sniff
so you can smell do you guys remember
that scratching step growing up there's
like this thing and never work it always
just smelled like paper nope smells like
paper it's supposed to smell like Arctic
ice though see this thing actually does
what are you serious
I hate okay whoever invented this type
of packaging seriously whoever invented
this I guess it keeps people from
shoplifting but it also gives people
from victory never give up I'll get you
wet yeah you woke up this is how Charles
was asleep just a second ago
my very mode I can't do things
I usually pee
yes
with y'all trippin
with chakra being
