that's weird this entire area is roped
off and everywhere everyone's wearing
these masks I don't know if you can see
that that's creepy crazy hey you never
you never like to be stuck at a traffic
light next to a building that looks like
it's got like police tape all over it
and everyone around them is wearing like
those little masks those look I don't
know if they're called there's a
basically with doctors wear yeah I don't
really like that because I don't know
what's going on so if you guys want to
look up what was going on here in
Tallahassee that would cause that let me
know weird that's weird the other weird
part was when the there was a lady that
was crossing the street and when that
did you hear when she was crossing the
street the layers of ma'am ma'am get
over here
did you hear that was weird I know the
girls like uh hello guys sorry you
haven't seen much me this early
afternoon I've okay I've literally
scheduled six phone meetings today I
have been on the phone all morning and
the rest of the afternoon I'm gonna be
on the phone but the good news is it's
four really cool things next Monday I
have a really cool announcement that I'm
gonna like let you guys know of see I
have another phone meeting right now
it's two o'clock okay hold on and then
I'll tell you about the announcement I
am waiting for Charles it's okay though
he's doing his job he's uploading the
video critical Who am I calling and you
know what I think I'm gonna take a walk
I want to show you these really pretty
trees on campus so time out really the
trees I went down here are they're so
beautiful
I'm not actually sure what they are I
think they're dogwood trees but I am NOT
positive because I've never seen one
that big before and I've never seen a
dogwood tree with only flowers so I
could be completely wrong but I am back
and I just got two phone calls done and
look in Ally's driving now it's crazy I
switched spots sorry about that
somebody was calling just as I was
talking to you but uh Monday really cool
announcement it's gonna involve you
you just want to throw out a little
teaser so get your creative brains your
thinking caps cuz you guys gotta use
your creativeness on this but I'll let
you know on Monday so any guesses what
you think it might be come on take some
guesses in the comments see if anyone
gets it if anyone gets it I will be
blown away
check out the dude rock at the capris it
takes a certain man to be able to rock
those pants hey mr. Gekko save me some
money on my car insurance oh you just
fell dude it's a holographic iPhone
yeah wonder why it's brighter are you
shaving your head yes shave it all off
all this shit's gonna take a really long
time you have a really big head hey is
this the first time you've ever had a
head massage before cuz I know I know I
surely don't give you massages so that
may be the first I remember the first
time I went to the salon next door they
they gave me a head massage because this
freebie was great it was so exciting
no it's great it's like it's really
weird that I got you you can sweep the
human head a lot harder than you imagine
you can you know what I mean like it's
like you can really not hurt someone
it's pretty hard like you can't really
say that's what she said I feel like
that's kind of inappropriate in the
situation I don't know I'm making you
uncomfortable Charles it's like touching
your head your head with this week one
of the bristles is messing up something
unless you're gonna Marley I'm not
messing with this stuff yeah she really
I like it oh my god you look like
Skrillex obsession I do yeah you gotta
have really long hair though on that one
side no now you kinda look like Hitler
hey what do you think interwebs does it
look good just look snazzy yeah like
that I'm gonna make out you download the
mp3 I was just kidding
yeah if you want a haircut go find
Tiffany's she's good she's got every
single time has the screwed up my hair
once she hasn't completely effed up my
hair oh so I feel much better I feel
every time I get a haircut I feel
lighter
it's like when you it's like when you
take a good poo you just feel lighter
and faster
streamline okay now gas is 340 340 so
I'm trying to convince Ali and Marley to
let me get a new lens for the 7b so he
can I get the 7d lens can I get that new
lens I'll give you a frog for it deal
all right shake on it
while they shake on it sweet
barley shook on it it's official to get
the new then yep Zoe agreed can you open
the door for me dude I'm too tired I
can't open the door I need a dog open it
really no no trash come on open the door
for me please thank you appreciate it
took you long enough geez grow some
thumbs why don't you alright we're gonna
make an awesome burrito and I dare say
we're gonna go with these guys
are you being crazy
of course you freakin stop right when I
roll the camera it's the worst part
about coming to the gym wiping down the
machines that's like the thing that
always grosses me out about going here
it's like going on all the machines
after something else and just uh Stretch
Armstrong
oh my god they're so fancy
this is what we can't have nice things
this is why Charles kicked out of every
Jimmy ever goes into
so this is what happens tomorrow when
you block her vision from food she's
like down up down up down quit blocking
my eyes good luck my eyes I got to see
it I got to see it I got to see it try
one hour push up Eric just did it Barry
could do it you can do it
oh come on you can do it this vlog is
not endorsed by the class she's got to
go down and jump up come on you can do
it oh you guys are completely destroying
that a nice little turtle that that girl
gave you okay that's the end of the
turtle are you seeing this this is why
we can't have nice things
I think that's the second time I've said
that today oh my god the stuffing is
it's just the end of it now it's just
the body there's no stuffing Eric seeing
a disembowelment of a turtle for the
first time
Oh Zoey too much hey guys okay so two
things
it's my really good friend Andrew's
birthday okay that's what so everyone
say you should say happy birthday Andrew
in the comments and the second thing is
I came up with this really cool contest
do you remember the other day where
somebody sent me that still of me
walking like big foot behind NASA he got
the side you got this side it got to
photoshopping me in different places and
I just want to show you some of them
okay all right that's me in the
traditional Bigfoot pose that's me with
Abraham Lincoln that's me trying to
cross NASCAR that's me on the Titanic
and that's me in space so I gotta give
major kudos to my buddy Andrew and if
you guys want to photoshop me in most
random areas of the history of the world
or just whatever you want I'll put a
link so you can download the transparent
PNG and start photoshopping away
make sure to upload them over to our
Facebook page and then that way everyone
can see them I thought it'd be kind of
fun we've never done one of these it's
gonna be like one of those little weird
memes if you want to check out the other
ones other people have been uploading
there's already like 30 or 40 so that's
on our Facebook page too so I will see
you guys tomorrow
enjoy happy photoshopping good night
with dripping
we
