come on oh sorry okay sorry don't go in
the water
come here little punk you know pull out
my hand like that you're getting by an
alligator a big giant one you really
like a fruit snack actually my leg be
more of the fruity snack all right let's
see if the little crackers alone or
honkers yourself the oak demonize the
she-hulk look how strong you are buffing
stuff
really
hello Marley it's not even listening
Luther
hey Zoey Colby so Internet I almost
forgot
gotta kill me over here Oh guys okay
we're good now can I talk to them okay
so I almost completely forgot about
giving away those six copies of those
games to you guys and I thought of a
pretty kind of fun secretive way to do
this I'm gonna give you guys a secret
password you're gonna take that secret
password and go to our Facebook page you
have to make sure to like our page so
you can post this go to facebook.com
slash Charles Trippy friend Corps I'll
put a link in the sub bar once you get
over there you're gonna see a post this
is something along the lines of like
post the secret password here to win so
here's the secret password the secret
password is pumpernickel if you don't
have a spell just go to Google and try
to spell it they'll give you the proper
ones on that post and that post only
type in the word pumpernickel and then
that way you'll be entered for a chance
to win now to throw people off to make
sure everyone's watching the vlogs and
making it fair so some random person
can't win I want you guys after you post
the proper one just to post a couple
random ones like I don't know like
banana bread or road or bucket so people
they don't know which one's the real
password I thought it would be kind of
fun to do it this way because one who
doesn't like knowing secret passwords it
just think makes things more fun and two
that way we make sure the people who are
paying attention win and that way it's a
little bit more fair so all the
informations is the sub are below ah
good luck pumpernickel remember that's
the real one don't forget that that's
the real one when we got to guys like
the way my hair's been the last couple
days it's kind of like there's like I
call it the Dick Van Dyke instead of a
spike stuff Ali says she likes it more
so I've been trying it out but I'm very
partial to the spiked hair so I wanted
to see what you guys thought I I don't
know because I have a haircut tomorrow
we should just shave my head completely
like bald Oh binky
then I then have to worry about getting
sunburned
my head oh my god that would hurt so bad
you have to put like the suntan lotion
Oh boobies on under head just to make
sure you don't get burned really Zoe
you're gonna be that dramatic about it
come here you stop freaking out I can
help you turn around are you okay
well you did it yourself good job baby
hungry everyone do the happy dance who
wants food
Marlee what do you want shake yeah nope
I'm gonna go this way we're not gonna
give you food not gonna give you food no
let's go you're so funny seriously I
wish I could get as happy about food as
you guys are it's ridiculous okay you
want to back up please okay you know
what
lava remember lava floor is lava
it's another band so Jeff let's stay
watch your leg you are so stinking cute
there Zoe hiding are you hiding princess
you miss your daddy so I have a fun
little story to tell you I just went to
buy the Robert Downey jr. movie and uh
yeah thank you dude park necklace this
has never happened hold on I'm gonna
like hit their car is there parking to
home I just totally got carted to buy a
movie I've never ever in my entire life
been carted to buy a movie so is that
does that mean I look like I'm under 18
do I look under 18 I feel like there was
some sort of like compliment though you
know what I mean like I don't know is
that a compliment to be under 18 I don't
know anyway um so I just got carded
buying a movie first time ever first
time for everything I guess
next thing I want to ask Jenna please
tell me I made the right decision
buying that movie I I always I'm so
afraid to buy movies now but I feel good
to actors I really like so I don't know
have you seen it I probably won't but
I'm gonna watch it tonight because I'm
gonna do a male vlog today but if you've
seen it tell me before I open it I can
take it back and it sucks so yeah
how red is my face
am i giving a glimpse in the future the
future pause that you are currently
watching so this is like it wait it's
like a backwards time warp yeah it's
kind of like they're watching themselves
no self referential video MINDEF have
you ever am I really like beat red I
keep saying that have you ever ran on
treadmill for like 30 minutes or longer
and then walked around anywhere in your
normal pace because it feels like your
effing flying it's like it's like it's
like the moving stairway got a permit
pimp walk feels like I'm gliding it
feels like I feels like I'm like the UM
the Mars Attacks lady who walks like
that my weight just feels familiar and
her mom are talking Oscars did you guys
watch the Oscars yeah so it was pretty
cool available turn the guy auto-tune
the guys auto-tune the news did
something for him I thought it was
pretty cool anyway so I promised you
guys like a couple of couple cooks ago
that I would do another male vlog we got
a bunch of mail right here so you know
what before I watch a movie if I have
time I'm gonna do a mail vlog as always
there'll be a link at the end of this
video get linking you to the mail vlog
the final male vlog of February 2011
like this will never happen again
we will never ever in history of mankind
have another male vlog in February 2011
pretty crazy
if I gotta take this up over there now
oh you got your face what you're gonna
see over in the mail vlog oh and also I
got a boo-boo and I got a hello that's
true it's true nature okay all right
guys so click right here to check out
today's mail vlog and see why I'm
wearing a Hello Kitty band-aid yeah I'm
just I'm an idiot when it comes to
scissors so click right here check out
what we got from you guys today it's
epic epic epic epic Lee epic anyway just
click right here and I'll see you guys
over at the mail vlog otherwise I will
see you tomorrow but if you want more go
click right there guys
yes
with trivialities
Nellie
