hey guys so this video is the bonus mail
vlog for today's video if you haven't
seen today's video yet just click right
here and go check that out first
otherwise you can watch this to the end
and it'll send you back over so enjoy
welcome everyone to the last known male
vlog of the history of the world in
February 2011 like it was saying before
this will never happen again this is a
once in a lifetime opportunity for
mankind there's I'm just being overly
dramatic got we got some packages we got
some letters to open up right now before
we start though I just want to let you
guys know if you're planning on sending
anything I would I would start to wait
because we're gonna be moving uh very
soon in a couple months and I don't want
something to get lost in the mail and
then get here when we're not here so if
you're planning on sending anything for
the dogs or whatever just wait until we
move and then we'll give you guys a new
peel box cuz the one that we currently
have here in Tallahassee is going to
shut down because we won't be living
here anymore
we're leaving Tallahassee anyway so
Marley which one you want to do
Zoey which one you want to do first
which one Marley which one which one you
want to do which one you want open you
pick it pick it you guys pick it come on
take it forever
let's go start off with the orange thing
this is actually pretty cool it's an
epic envelope that's pretty cool who's
this from this is from a Miss epic Kelly
be from California son of a monkey how
do I always cut myself on a mail vlog
every single time while always cutting
myself I really can't be using scissors
I'm I'm an idiot when it comes to
scissors I think it was just Kelly's
epic letter just trying to kill me
there's another one is this one of those
never-ending things how many is that
three or four now good use my foot
there's another one timeout guys totally
bleeding thumbs up all better letter and
Morla Kelly you little rascal
never ends I should have just given it
to Marla she's good at opening things up
because okay just a little bit okay so
the big payoff Oh
shameless plug that was clever when you
want to open up next Zoe which one which
one one do you this one
do this one this is from Trevor from
Pennsylvania get it girls what's in
there stick your head in there mark
anyway oh she got it would you get a
Pokemon card if anyone get it look at
her oh so he's trying now what else oh
you found a toy look at that
who wants it okay Zoe you can have this
one first okay that's yours it's from
Trevor we got some candy we got the pop
rocks some sour can go a push pop you
want to push pop barley likes push pops
they seriously fixed no it's the same
exact thing every time when I was
younger I would eat a push pop and then
you know you stick your finger and then
you push it up and then the lollipop
comes up but as you're eating it your
finger becomes grosser and grocer
because it doesn't have some like some
sort of like protecting barrier it's
just your slobber it's so gross you guys
you know I'm talking about Jeff Goldblum
tastic here's her dog it's a lazy dog
like Zoey Marley all right this is from
Claudia from I think berto Rico get some
coffee sweet some some coffee coffee
coffee Porto Rican coffee coffee coffee
coffee coffee thanks Claudia all right
this is from Jill and she made some
custom name tags with a moustache
there's you Marley will the spots all
your spots
and Zoe is currently eating that toy
that Trevor sent up there's stuff on the
lens
did you already destroy that little toy
a little centipede Danielle
from Ohio Ohio okay this is from
Danielle a scarf there we go a t-shirt
that says hold the shirt up you gotta
hold the shirt up nice that's it
so currently this one says I only have
one hand I can't do it
okay so nice Marlee that's pretty snazzy
looks really good here you have this too
real alpaca wool whether they hold on
I'll find out okay
doesn't care Kristin so he's coming is
that a customer it's crazy man it's so
crazy like a dog wearing a scarf I would
have I would not even know how to start
something like that that would just it's
crazy CTFxC there we go all right this
is from Jamie Jamie is from Jamie H what
are these oh my god this is actually
really cool Jamie thank you so much all
right Kari are sent Ali a turtle
apparently turtles make clicking noises
so good girl she remembers it from her
dog training Marley come on stop trying
to me
shake shake good good food no this is
from brandy the CTFxC animal version
looks like Lisa Simpson is that that
looks like Lisa Simpson reads dinosaur
fire-breathing turtle lover alligator
you are pretty scary
oh I'm blurry it says happy Marty grass
what was it from there d grass it's from
Mary from Texas hey everything's bigger
in Texas that's a lot box is bigger
ketchup chips was it's not like there's
oh yes I get to see lots of boobies
thank you Mary
which one oh those are funky looking I
want those chips Tom what those chips is
Ted nope chips please read first dude
you didn't read I'll just keep these
separately Tyler he wants me to try to
say his last name I just because he
thinks I can mess that mess it up Tyler
our new house is that right the bottom
he made a custom CTFxC duct-tape wall
this is look just like my wallet Jimmy
this is from Jimmy yeah you got coins he
want there's so many coins to find coins
from your birth year so he has went
through 207 coins to find Ally's birth
year and the Meijer oh just mine
ha so I got 6 cents oh thanks Jimmy five
cents this is from Bryson ready ready
for it ready for it ready
I really want to show you guys this this
is from Jared from Pennsylvania and he's
a really talented illustrator and he's
his own comic book yeah I'll show you is
your is your that that his URL alright
this is his YouTube right here so go
check that out and I'll show you why so
he is this comic book this hill I guess
there's an illustrated comic and he
asked if we can put our logo in the
comic book so if you look can you guys
see it can you see CTFxC Raiders
anywhere in there oh I don't know maybe
right there so go check them out this is
really cool I'm really dude Jared by all
means use our logo in your comic just
send us a copy when it's done mother's
got a hat on
she's always sticking her face in there
this is from Emily it's a sign could you
have Hello Kitty yeah oh yeah my thumb
like I said this is from Emily she works
at Target and she got a shirt ok what is
this a say loud guy sing it you have to
do it
terabrite style come on I'm Elizabeth I
believe it's Elizabeth hold on hold on
yes Elizabeth all right so they
recreated our proposal video then our
cartoons from last year and I'm assuming
that's me right there I think that might
be me and that might be Allie but I
could be I couldn't
and then she also drew these that one's
for you Marley look at see the
resemblance
that was when you were a little don't
eat yourself and that's you Zoey that's
you see so elixir bikes
she's like Cyril and I lick your buds
Zoey
okay Zoey just ate her tail this is from
Jerome from Ireland you're the greatest
thing ever this kid is ten okay he has
an epic sense of humor to Charles and
Allie hi guys your show is awesome
you're both funny really funny my name
is Jerome and I'm from Ireland every
morning a leprechaun wakes me up by
playing on my drum set
I trace him down the stairs but then he
disappears in a poof of smoke just
kidding
this is from Ashton chill Dombey this is
from Troy from South Dakota
he gave us an awesome giant CTFxC vinyl
transfer vinyl decal coz vinyl is always
better I want to show you it's from this
person right there that's their twitter
username so you can tell them all
awesome they are okay ready
isn't that awesome it's got Zoey's like
annoyed eyes and then it's got Marley's
oh look at me I didn't do anything wrong
and then Ally's do that face again
perfect and she also did that it's
pretty intricate bunch of cards from my
buddy Elliott Oh internet wins TV is
dead oh look it's a dog and this schools
like trading cards we have our own
trading cards that's funny
oh by all means little dog like sorry
Oh what what why this is from Kayla and
I just want to show you what she said
she made us a customer a rollercoaster
CTFxC board from Hayden from California
these are like those crazy
um like you spray paint you just like
layer it and it's really cool so they
made that yeah that is really cool I can
barely draw a stick figure that's
recognizable to a stick figure
I know it's that's a cool Thank You
Hayden Nicole from New Jersey and I just
want to say this okay Nicole thank you
so much she's been watching since 2005
early 2006 and literally since I started
YouTube so quite possibly one of the
first people who ever started watching
me on youtube and the whole I'm sorry no
I'm just kidding thank you that's so
cool that people have stuck with us that
long okay and then I haven't gotten to
what she said I was just so blown away
by her letter Marlee really wants you to
get to what she sent this is what she
said oh my goodness so Zoe just licked
her she's licked her mouth she's licking
her mouth like she's like um I feel like
what's the giant turtle wait can we give
you the giant turtle oh she's gonna want
you to so that was the end of our mail
vlog thank you guys so much for sending
things like I said if you can wait until
we move and then that way I hope give it
to you and then that way we'll have a
new peel box because I'm afraid of
things getting lost in the mail wait um
but I just want to say what you know
this looks like what doesn't it look
like what Celine the the purple guy
right yeah wrap I can't remember his
name or like the platypus platypus
no just the hair the way it moves looks
like that okay
Zoe gonna you gonna take good care of
him peanut peanut that's it alright guys
I will see you tomorrow if you're
watching this before the vlog
go check out the vlog it'll be after
this I think I may have just had my hand
over the mic the entire time well that's
ally just failing at recording today
take care of your turtle it's like oh
I'll take care of them turtle soup
anyone
good night Marley
you
