she even gets like when it's gentle
she's like now go get ready
come on oh no we're stuck in an Internet
blackhole check it out it's never-ending
good morning guys yeah I'm just being
super super duper lazy right now I'm
doing like remote controls between be my
laptop is rate I don't know if you can
see it right there but you guys do that
I'm just so lazy I didn't want to like
get up and upload it so I'm just like
I'll do it remotely from this computer
I'm controlling that computer over there
yeah right right there I know it's
pretty pathetic isn't it I was looking
at random videos that people have been
sending me and it looks like Marley's
got a fan um there's this dog that flips
out when they watch you have a hole in
your pants no no you have a hole in your
pants did you did you pay lots of money
for that hole what you have another hole
in your pants no that's good cuz that
holes in on my friend David oh jeez
allergy season can you see all the
pollen you start season in a minute oh I
said oh where to go well it's way over
there now
well hands down
all right what did you do what I like
Charlie Brown with my kite what'd you do
I flew a fluid into the into the tree
somewhere up there I don't know where
did you land it it like perfectly on a
branch what are you doing
you're kidding I was I really that did
not just happen that was a little bit
more hopeful okay are you serious
not working hey what'd you get hold on
here oh they're a little too close
no it's not today's a very cinematic day
if you noticed I decided I haven't shot
with the 7d in a long time
and now he's always wanting to get
practice with it so I was like hey just
bring to the field you know mess around
with so very cinematic and now we're on
the now we're on the boring cam now the
narrow the shallow depth is not there
you can see this you can see this like
behind me I like how that's how we get
them to pay attention for photos oh
that's nice oh it's that a flower oh no
I can't be mean I'm sorry little flower
oh my god Todd is going to hurl
okay ready let's go let's go look at her
she's sitting she's like I'm done focus
she didn't hire me oh yeah so I'm sorry
about yesterday
I was starting a story and then I got
distracted by a bug on my arm but
basically what I was saying was my
little sister Melissa found this clip of
this baby watching our theme song of
look he's all upset that all of a sudden
he's like he turns into the world's
cutest little punk rock baby so I have
to show it to you oh this is like the
cutest kid listening to our theme song
okay check out
Oh
work
cute I like what he's like remember that
part he's just like yeah his facial
expression was awesome so is what I say
thank you
I guess his name's max and thank you to
the mom for letting me put them in the
vlog so say max rules max is a little
punk rock baby so that's what I was
gonna say yesterday but my ATD kicked in
and I got stuck by a bug and I got so
sorry to leave you with a cliffhanger
yesterday what I remembered are you
hungry or something dude I don't know
what she was trying to eat her foot
sunbathing again check it out dudes is
an astro van is there any space the man
in there just got back from the gym and
he's been busy I know it looks beautiful
we've been if you didn't know our shirts
store on internet kill tv.com we were
sold out of a lot of shirts we just got
a new shipment in so if you've been
wanting to get any shirts just go to
Internet kill tv.com click the store and
Ali and I will personally ship them to
you with a little bit of Marley and Zoe
hair because you can see he's always
laying on some right now let you know
cuz a lot of people concerned that we
didn't have all the sizes but we do now
so yeah before I go to bed I just wanted
to let you guys know that we have the
winners for the two free tickets to
playlist live and I'm also gonna tell
you the winners for the voice Avenue the
poster shirt and CD so here are the
winners for the playlist live tickets
these are the ones that you guys thumbed
up the most so here they are doo doo doo
these are the winners that you selected
CTFxC I didn't select them cuz you guys
did not the 32 to to boom and I will
also tell you guys the winners of the
boyceavenue stuff in the video
description so make sure to check that
out
Ali was ignoring Marley that's what she
does she's ridiculous and that she's
messing with my Zoey Oh what are you
doing
causing trouble
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
see
yes with dirty
don't forget
