if you hold Marley's here for do you
hear that's your favorite thing no I'm
embarrassed I'm embarrassed I'm
embarrassed don't look at me
what's up zoster oh gosh o.o Mike you
bitch oh so he got jealous Oh Marley
quit licking yourself dude Marley's like
sitting there like whoa I am so I just
fall over i'm that I'm pissed off he was
all cinematic Zoe Oh get your duck she's
closing her mouth after I touch her I am
what is that noise you're making why is
the queen of noises oh you got so yeah
you're nuts good job leave this guy's
I'm getting way better at the focus on I
yep if you have to do it you're just mad
as morally the second the camera comes
out you just stop
ha
we represent the lollipop I can't yet
they get up a lollipop yeah gotta go get
that you get a jerk your head down no
they do the kidding me yeah the name the
lollipop yeah we mr. part of you in lad
Marley's back here looking at judgment
with judgmental eyes and boredom what
you doing over there hiding in the Sun
why okay look I want to show you guys
the update can you see the difference
actually really it's just a tan now oh
yeah I know you see the defense yeah the
top of my head can you see that there's
a lot better it's like it's more just a
tan the your redneck have a redneck ivi
last night i got the hot and cold
flashes like fever oh my gosh but it
looks more tan now you're pretty good
legs my legs are good this is the
farmers tan looking looking back up
there see this is the dedication i give
you guys Teddy question I wasn't even
English Suzie I key because it's this
Sun poison it's a special with my brain
reali nice fire really bad one time
chicken boy was on her body like
blisters and she was like throwing up
really gross yeah where's I get blisters
in boils I'd be pretty enough sunscreen
guys it's relieved yeah it's not smart
nothing but the best thing is that
everybody else in every other kind of
country or state right now is
experiencing negative 20 degree weather
so we have sunshine I gotta go behind
that tree it's too hot over here Marley
what hang out with me in the shade much
better count the tennis balls how many
do you see runs up the kick see if we
get her
Oh kicked number to catch it Oh ready
kitchen ah take three ready oh there is
oh that was perfect oh oh digging a hole
oh she just wandered all over the camera
look at the camera that's that's great
it's such a dog when Marley attacks
again we were just talking about the
shuttle watching and I was like I really
want to go watch Apollo 13 again because
remember when the first was canceled the
Mighty Thor took me to the museum where
I can get into the Apollo 11 and Apollo
13 capsules and stuff and I was telling
Ali I'll small it is I was like I really
want to watch that and she's like oh
yeah didn't think I'll die I'm like no
that's what Tom Hanks you know they they
survived and she's like but her Liv
Tyler's dad died and like and I'm like
what do you mean she goes he had to stay
back and blow up the thing and I'm like
what are you talking she's thinking
about what Bruce Willis and they had to
blow up it was like what deep impact
right no it was water I'm a-gettin it
was Armageddon Armageddon we just had a
nice little laugh on that one it's okay
in the ocean idiot oh my okay well I
just I deep impact I would it be deep if
it were in a in the Muse because it was
a giant crater that went into the ground
deeply shut up yes suntanning she's
absorbing the Sun and I'm trying to hide
from it you're pale what's her calling
you powder from now on hey powder what's
going on Danny what jab jab come on you
know you walk not a Jawa I think so oh
speaking of which I have to show you
this little kid Melissa actually found
this little kid watching what is that
sorry oh good I
you are diculous oh there's no cat food
up here I'm sorry I'm sorry oh man look
at that car that is sweet it's like
transformers it always makes me teary
eyed when you mess with when you mess
with your eyes like that she's got to
put makeup on no because I did it on
this I dooda dooda dooda dooda dude she
likes him though she didn't like those
she only likes the ball one I don't know
what it is no she doesn't like any of
those she just likes this one is that a
dog boy is that a dog collar I feel so
stupid out the butthole really that's a
fail Toyota day they're always we were
gonna get Zoe a toy as well and the
right no we have to get cat nap we got
to find Zoe some catnip this is probably
look she liked everything but active
looks like Hannah this is like a medical
medical marijuana cosmic country cuz he
tripped balls when I feel like I'm nom
nom nom nom we're hungry oh hello that's
really really cute when I first looked
at this was like how come there's
nothing in there and then I saw them
we are so cute this guy's all sprawled
out like Marley eating at la fiesta done
eat a burrito and it's gonna be super
delicious and then I'm gonna have a
margarita and then I'm going to do it
then it looks like rain
are these things they have to be made by
hand no machine could really make these
what do you have i told you i do a
little dance later
margherita missoni sicko oh my gosh oh
say up some high throw that for Miley
like it there we go now everybody had
their right everyone has her toys so
he's gonna go get higher in the corner
why did you beat this out your way there
you go get the catnip with her eyes best
would be if I just took all six of them
just like Zoe six of them she's like
this all smells delicious Rosie I want
one ridiculous they earned it they
earned it right guys they earned her
date their their toys he's flipping out
she's literally touching all of them
can't wait to see what you did
it's coming over hardly wait
where's epsxe
giddy with child trippy
where is he
yes with chubby and hairy
