yes so today as you can see right up
there is day number six six six of the
consecutive daily vlogs without missing
a day it was bound to happen day 666 as
you can see we had a I guess a special a
special guest right bar I'm sorry sorry
doggie devil I'm sorry we had the doggie
devil if you have never seen the doggie
devil
you must be new but if you go to the
Charles Trippy channel youtube.com slash
Charles Trippy
I'll put a link to some of the videos
where Zoe and Marley where the doggie
devil
so yeah the doggie devil is going to
make an appearance today I feel that
it's less evil that way but yes is day
six six six weird I'm looking at our
Facebook group and a lot of you guys
were trying to find me with the NASA
live feed and somebody found this one
and it looks sort of like I like I
basically resemble Bigfoot there people
are talking doing the interview and I
just like do this and just walk right
off the screen look I'll show it to you
seriously they may look like a Bigfoot
say it was awesome so it just dropped
Ali off the class and I'm having a
really hard time driving right now I
have to turn my entire body like this
just to look you know from side to side
because my sunburns so bad I feel like a
freakin alligator
oh just don't zigzag in front of me I've
actually like only three people have
been like chased by an alligator
understand and get that joke Wow good
thing today is not the day the shuttle
was supposed to launch it's been
beautiful last week and then the day
after the shuttle starting to rained
which means that we have to drive to go
to Gainesville but still so couldn't it
could have been cloudy yesterday good
just a little bit of cloud enough to
where you know the Space Shuttle would
have launched but wouldn't have seared
my flesh yesterday if you did not see
yesterday's vlog I went to NASA I was
not invited to NASA and I filmed from a
mile away
the Discovery's final space shuttle
launch so make sure to go check out
yesterday's vlog if you did not see it
there'll be a link there'll be the video
response below here I don't know 14
hours in a car and a severe sunburn was
totally worth that that was so cool so
make sure you go check it out if you
haven't seen it it's it's super super
awesome spectacular check it out guys if
we want to buy the Atlantis or endeavour
spaceship after their missions we can
get it for only twenty eight point eight
million what do you think should we get
it I think I better start saving that
would be pretty sweet happen Asia hey
hop in we're gonna go to the we're gonna
go to Publix we're gonna go to the
grocery store just jump into my
spaceship we'll get there in like half a
second
hey don't you devil wanna go get Ally I
mean we'll get at me let's go yeah
shield your ears or your horns so you're
not so evil what's wrong Marley you
being a sad devil who's always enjoying
the Sun of course it immediately stopped
raining and then the Sun came out it was
like Oh Charles you have a sunburn oh
don't worry about that let me just toss
my breeze all over your face and arms
and neck I'm covering myself I'm like
hiding in the car just like in a little
hole just like
sign out get her dog you devil get her
her minions back there hey so I got a
package I got a package I'm not gonna do
it again but I got a package from the
guys in Boyce Avenue they sent over
their brand-new album which is out and a
couple t-shirts so I just want to say
thank you guys hopefully we can make it
down to Gainesville in the next couple
hours okay
ready dog you devil you're not wearing
your devil suit put it back on I feel
like such a turkey right now it's 85 86
degrees right now and I'm wearing a
hoodie just to shield me from all the
the Sun where are you over there friend
enemy friend enemy I'm like sticking my
feet out into the Sun I think you just
feel like radiating I'm such a baby
today I'm allowed to be a baby I only
got like three hours of sleep bitch and
moan and complain and whine and pine
tree let's just do it let's just do it
okay let's go back in give me the stick
guys give me the stick okay ready wow
that hurts so bad to throw okay bring it
back
Zoe you bitch bring it back oh yeah
please eat the stick thank you
I looked over at Marly was rolling in
something yeah you're in trouble and
this is weird
what is this I'll show it's a foot of
something if you're squeamish turn your
turn your face but look kind of foot is
that it's it's like a steer it's not
like a deer foot and you just rolled it
I'm gonna kick your ass Oh get away from
that
Marlee get away from there I was so
freaking weird that's so random how did
you find
there's just one Deerfoot it's weird
we are heading over to Gainesville
Florida
Allie's having some some problems over
here kicked home the Sukkot look at
Andrew just sent me it's Bigfoot
alright so we found one third a boy said
it's boys right Boyce Avenue see I was
saying it right everyone was like no
it's boys see this is Daniel there we go
so everyone asking that was one of the
questions what was the other question do
you wrote it what was the other question
that they wanted me to ask you guys yeah
it's just it's nice little cannon got us
through some hard times
I totally this camera and a safe
position and I drive with care guys
recognize this guy these guys are
obviously been living under an Ethernet
cable I've only seen them on the
internet playing you know so it's gonna
be pretty interesting and that's the
cool thing is I didn't know they're all
brothers so it's a giant family
I don't know what's happening now we're
going up as I'm sure a lot of you have
seen a lot a big part of what we do or
YouTube channel is we do a lot of
acoustic songs
my life
one of Ali's many chaffetz tada
there's the rockstars
good job guys it did awesome
good job please do I had no idea you
guys were so young what is the feeling
when you see like your fans singing your
own lyrics back to you like a viewer
songs that you've been kind of like it's
just crazy to think that like at some
point you know one of us was like alone
in a room just like right
hornier your heart out into a sheet of
paper or something you know nobody yeah
so nobody and see these people all
around the world singing it back to you
yeah that's awesome Eric's in the middle
of the song live just to see what they
started like he started playing in more
in high schools more like high school
you know a large thing I started playing
my senior year in high school and then
we would just play like every family
gathering we like we once summer we've
izit our families in Puerto Rico we
brought our guitars with us your parents
always it was very graduate was a I
think I heard a story from your from
your dad downstairs that Justin Bieber
actually contacted you guys before he
was like big that's really cool you know
it's like a Kevin Bacon thing they're
that close to JB's yeah everyone's
already subscribed to him but if not
I'll put their link in the sidebar go go
subscribe represent the night for one
right there I just turned to get over
like five seconds
we are heading home time to get back in
the car and look what Ali has I got all
the swag you ain't got nothing
the sign poster look adorable they are
first of all look at that they must be
in a band or something
yes sign poster signed CD Sid day maybe
maybe okay sign CD and then signed and
they said that like hey do you want to
give anything to your viewers and I'm
like you know I don't know I don't think
they like anything that's free or
anything I think I think I don't think
they like it
yeah I don't know I'm talking away too
much so in the comments if you want one
of these three autographed
boyceavenue things just say shut up
Charles give me free swag and we'll go
randomly select one of the winners yeah
so you have to say just like that in the
comment section as many times as you
want to yes I don't know
and then we'll randomly select the
winner and then we'll send it to you so
yeah thanks Boyce Avenue thank you and
hope you guys go check them out they're
really nice guys chef Charles give me
some swag okay guys what's up doggie
devil all right
well his about three o'clock I'm gonna
go to bed I am work I think I'm at four
hours for the past 48 hours so I think I
might sleep in tomorrow see Dave 666
wasn't that scary was it wasn't that
scary was it no all right well doggie
devil
do you want to say anything
see what you did
wait
via text
get it with y'all trippin
we're at CVS
with DNR we don't forget
