got my computer
you got the camera got the cooler the
cool cooler alright for a long time I'm
excited I'm actually not tired at all
I'm really pumped for this I really
wanted never ever ever and I've lived in
Florida my entire life ever seen the
space shuttle launch this is gonna be
really cool I'm glad I get to share this
with you guys
Sun's up sort of stupid sprinkler system
dude way that he just littered just grew
up banana peel what does that guy think
it's Mario it's like real-life Mario
hopefully nobody slips on that that
trucker is swerving so much it's
freaking me out
I got it back up this is freaking me out
semis are just so frightening what he's
going off again
hello NASA we are here we made it
there's a zero days look to launch is it
Oh stupid camera why does it take
forever to do that I fell all special
they were turning people away and I'm
just like no look I got this badge
yeah the CTFxC is allowed to come here
on NASA grounds we are here now only
seven hours I just kill seven hours more
people mirror don't want to break that
bad luck ones place in their tripods
find a good spot just the cameras that
is not where we sit Marlee okay good
so it's really really really really
really shaky but that's how far it is I
don't know see its way where is it like
right there and a little speck that's
what we're gonna be able to see that's
pretty close this lens is a lot better
than the last time
it's one big a skater just hanging out
right next to my tripod sorry about the
noise guys that's just a stabilizer on
the lens I turn it off here I'll show
you what happens when I turn it off
Ciel jerk it is so that's why I had a
little clicking noise see much smoother
freakin alligator showoff everyone's
taking photos of them all right well
found our spot guys now what do we do
for the next seven hours six hours if we
can just leave our tripod no is the
steel tripod right all right well let's
go find something to do it's kind of
boring here I wish somebody else came
with me see that's where you gotta like
Florida we're sitting here waiting for
the Space Shuttle and a freaking
dinosaur just comes moseyin in front of
our tripods just like that just imagine
being on the planet when dinosaurs were
roaming they'd be like 50 times the size
of an alligator that's insane and I
guess those people who don't believe in
dinosaurs well why would you so why
don't you step around over here and feel
that just pull that
that's right now we're gonna stiffen
this up a little bit because sometimes
people like to just walk in front of you
I guess those two guys for shame no
courtesy oh whatever
and she's not gonna go get it that's
fantastic
it was getting really hot so I decided
to take shelter in my little my little
bungalow no also apples releasing a
bunch of new computers I guess today so
yeah I had to be a double nerd don't
judge me
don't judge me bored bored bored bored
bored bored bored bored bored bored
bored bored bored bored and keep
fighting me son keeps pretty me wind
keeps blowing in my face
that was pretty cool I got chills watch
those were the astronauts heading over
to the launch pad and just like be right
back guys orbiting your earth one thing
though
one thing NASA I hope when you retire
this this discovery shuttle that you
retire that Astro van maybe give him a
Hummer maybe a Lambo
I don't know just kind of seems weird
sending people in space but driving up
in a 1960 Astro van you think still
pretty cool I guess it's like a
nostalgia that thing this is cool sorry
that wind is Pryor really bad actually
what's leaving it up to the CTFxC what
do you think the astronauts should drive
up to their space shuttle in what kind
of car what do you think would be
appropriate for a you know a bunch of
dudes and dudettes just go into space
for the afternoon what kind of car let
me know in the comments and then I'll
forward it over to NASA I'll forward it
over to my hookup
oh by the way these are the things that
transport the big giant fuel tanks just
to put in perspective all right two and
a half hours left we got some more like
you Vince is starting to suck I'm
literally becoming a redneck literally
becoming independent neck completely
sunburned now I guess it's feel the heat
just radiating off my neck ah apparently
Bill Nye the Science Guy is here then
walk around trying to find out I can't
seem to find him anywhere
yeah yes for 20 minutes away now
sorry
those are separation confirmed
everything is not converging as the
several more computers
and there's the aftermath Wow guys I
hope you enjoyed that I was so cool
I just blew my from me well guys that
was unbelievable I'm like I honestly
don't know what to say I'm like
speechless
I couldn't even I couldn't even film
that's that's crazy what did the few
times I'm completely speechless that was
on that was unbelievable
that was one of the coolest things I've
ever seen in my life how long that take
that was like 10 seconds then I was up
to here and then it was in orbit and
with like five minutes you guys can see
it did you see where that like the smoke
stopped it was just a speck where I like
pointed the pointed it out that that's
when it's like you know orbit enough to
where it floats but it's not quite in
space is like just between the two wow
it's like I don't know what to say I
don't that was so happy and cool I hope
you guys enjoyed that that was Noah's
hands that worth it I just wish I got to
see it cuz I mean that was that was cool
getting a little motion all over here
that was just so unbelievable like we
just said what six six eight people need
to space all I gotta say is science
rocks next time you're in school is
somebody making fun of you because
you're a big nerd and you like science
just just just just ignore him laugh
later when you're in space or doing
something else inventing like a
teleporter or maybe even building the
new Astra for him because they really
need it
yes wanna see something look at this
using my arms
can you see that yep
that is a really really bad sunburn
things that do it for you won't be
feeling that tomorrow this is a kind of
problematic I have no idea how to get
out of here maybe even go this way good
thing I have a big car we can go
off-roading now it's time to make that
five hour drive home I just sorry I just
keep like amazing myself like I'm
thinking about those people you know in
the Space Shuttle they're not even on
the planet anymore they are not on this
planet that is crazy than one day one
day I'll go to space
I'm already like space in the head but I
mean literal space alright so what did
you guys think did you was that worth it
was that worth the three four months I
really honestly like I said that Cameron
could not do it justice you just had to
be there if you ever get a chance ever
oh that was the last one that was the
last one geez that sucks oh my gosh
that's so much traffic it doesn't end it
to sea of red I'm kind of glad I'm not
going that way traffic aha this doesn't
help when people don't know how to drive
get out of the intersection some people
should not be out of Drive like that guy
right there in front of me in that
charger and that's stupid man take a
deep breath take a deep breath
happy st. Patty's Day no do we re
embarrassing do we like completely say
all that wrong when did gas get so
expensive it's like jumped like 30 cents
and like a day what's going on okay is
it me or does that look like a mustache
on the back of the car with those lights
we're totally
now this place is really really
beautiful though it's kind of eerie at
night there's a big smokestack everybody
like all of my friends used to joke that
there was like a nuclear power plant
underground because the ground always
smokes like it's always smoke coming up
from the ground and there's a big
chimney okay this is gum oh my god that
is all gum that people have spit out
that's so gross
did you miss me so II did you miss me
Marley oh okay kill kill kill
oh we gotta go check that out the whole
time I was driving home I was just
really okay
what do I look do I look like a lobster
right here well if I look at my arm
oh my penis as well my arm looks like
right now Riley that's that's not even
cool dude look at that look at my legs
it's pretty bad
yeah no no go please Zoe Marley I'm
gonna start editing the vlog today so
it's uploaded in time if you've watched
this entire thing that means you guys
liked it I really am happy we were able
to do this yeah I've spent how many
hours in the car like 14 hours in the
car
I got a massive sunburn all over my body
but it was worth it I kept the promise
to you guys we got to see the Space
Shuttle if you can do me a favor just
add this video to your favorites just
going down there click add to favorites
and see if and get this to be the top
favorited video of the day and that
would be that would mean a lot to me for
a Honda driving and it would make my
sunburn a little bit better so yeah just
click add to favorites tell me what you
guys thought in the comments and let's
see if we can get this the number one
top favorited it'd be awesome hope you
guys had fun and tomorrow we're gonna go
see Boyce Avenue and Gainesville so
that'll be cool too so another fun day
I'm gonna put some aloe all over my body
now and go to bed so thank you guys and
yeah tomorrow
