I got a package I got a package I got a
package hey hey hey hey I got a package
it looks like my package is from yuba
soft for I guess winning that whole
dance competition yes we won the CTFxC
one these are so annoying though look at
one handed that's how manly I am one
handed I'm just about to go running and
FedEx guy came and scare the crap out of
zone literally I think that came out all
right let's see what this alright how to
put you guys down oh I'll put you right
here that good no you're falling in my
drink it's not moving guys can you just
hold still for a second too much
commotion geez we got some t-shirts
these are the things that we're gonna be
giving away to you guys we got some
crazy glasses the stuff you probably
guys you're interested in we got one two
three copies way I'm not done four five
six copies of just dance two for the wii
that we can give away um see what else
what else Oh a sweet frickin headband
I'll try to think of something to do on
how to give away probably do something
with our facebook group so make sure you
have liked our facebook group the late
links in the sub part because that's far
away i'll post it and then yeah if you
guys have any ideas of how we should do
this maybe some sort of like haiku
writing contest that we have to put on
face cuz he'll be actually that would be
really cool i had to organize it all
right so let me know i'm gonna go
running right now and they don't wear
these sweet glasses Paul I'll just poke
myself in the face you know same thing
there we go why can't it apparently I've
been wearing sunglasses for 26 years
than I can't wear them now ok good
looking good snazzy all right let's go
running I'll see you guys in a minute
listen to this lady she's so
feel like so cute today wait you ever in
your schedule and for those of you don't
know what that is what is that it means
Ironman triathlons she's a triathlete
okay I like making people feel awkward
on camera anyway so this is a really
giant lecture hall that I've never had a
class in I've literally never I don't
think I've ever had a class suspect i
think maybe math but never this many
people does many people never showed up
to the cross I can't even talk on my
mind is in Spanish right now my syntax
is crap anyway this is insane I cannot
imagine how many a class like this I
would never talk okay she's not so you
know how the other day I was completely
failing with the trashcan dang I'm gonna
just shoot this in here ready boom first
try what now much better I always feel
better when I actually start the day
running I don't know I just feel like
more pump to do things you know what I
mean I anyway I'm gonna go pick up Ali
then we got to run some errands because
tomorrow is the shuttle launch keep your
fingers crossed I really hope after four
or five months this thing actually
launches but yeah so we're going over to
a Kennedy Space Center I got my long 300
millimeter lens so we can film this
thing and I'm really excited
anticipation pretty crazy I promised you
guys a shuttle launch and sure enough
shuttle launch I didn't say when it was
gonna happen but I kept my word right
Shh Ali's on a very important phone call
tell her to hurry up Marley tell it her
help Ali went to go check the p.o box oh
she's up where'd she go dudes she's
checking the p.o box
are you laughing a tattoo dude
absolutely serious leave the dogs
actually responded to what I was asking
them I'd probably freak out I would
freak out look at you hey man I I would
like some cheese right now I'm so
frickin hi Marley you shouldn't do drugs
drugs are bad are you bored with me
talking yeah oh oh that's cool jeez off
to do a mail vlog this week guess who
butt juice and it was an ally come here
you're gonna get really uncomfortable in
a second Zoe so are you I oh I should be
laughing at this her face is so upset so
what happens when you have a dog but
Juicin oh this is the fun part everyone
avert your eyes everyone just avert your
eyes you don't want to see this right
bad oh ok I'm without turn this off oh
no it's her face it was gone what's
going on guys what's going on here's a
complaint girl pockets why are they so
stupid you can't even fit your cell
phone in there she would mean guy
pockets I have a cell phone I got some
hand sanitizer a wallet a camera two
cameras and keys girl pockets are so
stupid like you know what Ellie was
actually showing me some of the most
expressive genes that we saw them all
once they had fake pockets don't know
why why why girls why do you have fake
pockets either have pockets or don't
have pockets this is do it like you make
sure your butt looks good something like
that
wait wait what just throw the freaking
thing okay bye do-do-do-do-do did it Oh
until I get look at it Billy she just
saw it do I look no I shouldn't like
neither hey not cool it's a trustee got
the pin oh oh oh poor guy he's ma'am
John's face come on let's leave him
alone see you mr. caterpillar it's 7pm
and i'm going to walmart wish me luck
seriously the people that you meet at
walmart at night interesting people I
gotta go and get a cool I gotta get the
cooler I gotta get a cooler oh wow what
happened the camera was to dropped it
I'll scratched up you guys can't see it
you only see this way you don't see this
way I see you yeah I'd remember our
little trip that we took last time to
the grill good old NASA launch yeah all
those tolls I have to get some cash
because I don't I don't ever have any
cash on me like seriously I have fifty
sixty cents yes I have sixty cents in my
car tonight I'm gonna actually go to bed
really super early on super early I
super early for me my typical bedtimes
like two or three in the morning I'm
gonna try to get a bed by 10 because i
have to wake up around four in the
morning because it takes about six hours
seven hours the gape to get to NASA I
have to be there no later than 11 a.m.
otherwise I don't get to go so I have to
make sure i am on time gotta get some
money for the blood atolls
yes I want a receipt it's the machine
hey guys I don't mean to get political
on you right now but you should totally
totally vote for her I mean seriously
any political ad campaign this is hot
tamale gotta vote for right just imagine
it's Barack Obama's this camping thing
was like uh tough aqui all right vote
for Molly wish me luck hold your breasts
the cooler I'll ok which cooler is
cooler get it because it coolers the guy
said you see my baseball I am Iron Man
with a severe alcoholic problem why does
it just like he romance I should just
totally get this and just where from now
on next we're pretty comfortable hi guys
it's me for some hardcore stuff right
there sup j biebs already time to pack
the trusty camera okay so this is the
lens we got so we have three lenses this
time we got that right there which is a
72 300 millimeter lens to canon because
you know it's km 70 and then we got the
kit lens whoops the kit lens and then we
got the 50 or 55 so I've got the tripod
it's gonna be good I'm trying to make
sure I'm packed up now because at three
in the morning I'm not gonna be
functioning too well okay we got the
GoPro just in case you know just in case
NASA wants to let me you know attach
this to the side of the spaceship you
never know I don't know maybe astronaut
will have a head cam a CTFxC that would
be awesome if we could get like footage
inside oh that would be so cool maybe
one day we'll get to go into space one
day
this is Ali trying to figure out how to
use a treadmill for the first time
treadmill ched haha you can do it green
means go red means stop I thought good
job those are for the older people so
they can hang on to it
you get him going to go faster don't do
that
then Neil Patrick Harris Bob Barker all
right guys it's about eleven o'clock at
night I'm going to I'm going to cut it
short i'm going to hop into bed right
now Allie's doing some merch so I'm
gonna help her with that and tomorrow is
going to be a long drive up get it
please all of it what is that oh it's
the merge stuff Oh tomorrow is gonna be
a long trip but but I'm looking at the
the schedule and it looks like it's a
good 85 eighty percent go for the
shuttle launch so I'm thinking we're
gonna see a space shuttle after four
long months I think we're going to see
it if you haven't is ice she wants to
play the octopus if you're not
subscribed to our iPhone channel you to
back up a little bit of that youtube.com
slash trippy I'm going to try to upload
a little bit while I'm at NASA so make
sure to go subscribe over on that
channel also has a lot of other bonus
things if you just can't if ya go NASA
what the NASA yeah so if you want like
quick videos you can't wait for the vlog
tomorrow go check them out on that
channel hopefully I'll be up load a lot
I hear there's gonna be a Wi-Fi so i
will see you guys in a matter of three
hours goodnight
the cheer
or state
you
I wish
he is
