big strong man carry big box I'm strong
like oh hold on well I can't avoid
getting hit my card yes she should
probably not be speeding through the
parking lot that's cool oh I did you did
it post office hey not wearing glasses I
was like a pirate
girls get him and she's a little excited
are you nuts get your booty off the
pillow hey guys good news I just found
out i just posted this on the Facebook
page well if you didn't know alli and I
are gonna be a playlist live March 26
and 27 with a bunch of cool friends of
art you know shaycarl kassem g actually
you know what pause this and i'll tell
you some names ok here this is just some
names right there that are gonna be
there that that that that then though
this keeps going anywho I know there's a
lot of people that couldn't afford the
tickets so I just got an email saying i
could give away a bunch of free tickets
to you guys so the way I'm going to do
this is I posted a post posted a post on
our Facebook page that explains how to
do this and I'll show you right now
alright all you got to do is go to our
Facebook page right there facebook.com /
Charles Trippy friend core and then find
this post it's important that you find
this post because this is how you can
win you have to go here if you haven't
if you haven't liked our page I think
you have to like our page before you can
post anything so go there like our page
and then find this post right there with
my silly stupid face in short what you
have to do is find that post and tell me
in the most creative original funny way
whatever why you want to go to playlist
live if you if you have no desire to go
just ignore this if you really want to
go and just couldn't afford the tickets
tell us why that you want to go and then
the rest of the CTFxC will go through
that list and like the posts that they
well well they like I guess the ones
that get like the most I said like a lot
the ones that get like the most will win
two free tickets to playlist live and I
think that I think it's really cool and
hopefully you guys can win so again if
you're confused to what I just said I'll
put all the information in the sub bar
but it's pretty simple just go to our
facebook like our page find that post
post why you want to come and then the
CTFxC will like the most creative
once so I hope to see you there uh have
a boo-boo dance again it feels like deja
vu yes finish off the poopy dance yep
makes me laugh every time marlies oh
here for ya that's a baby train some
what what is your problem you okay hey
you're freaking out come over there
scary scared me waxaa marzo e you scared
me more Zoe anyway some preference I
wonder about the placement of these
benches it's like okay yeah let's just
sit here honey okay we'll sit with our
friends and let's just stare up at that
that's romantic or you can be like
Marley and just go for the trash can
remember the crazy dog lady from i guess
it was like last week or something she's
at the dog park don't really want to go
over there okay guys so i was reading
through the comments on our little
iphone app and thank you for backing me
up apparently the reason why that aisle
has both chips and pretzels is because
it's a snack aisle and the reason why
they're the reason why they are not
classified as chips is because their
dough and they're baked not fried baked
potato chips damn it that totally just
ruins my argument I like how yesterday I
like how yesterday was the comments on
YouTube we just had we had a legitimate
discussion about pretzels and chips on
YouTube that's why I love the internet
it could be so random so and the
competency kept for writing are actually
pretty funny this is why I love youtube
this is why I do what I do guys are
funny he has a clever to Jesus Christ
come down from the heavens and tell me
that
ships and I still would say whatever so
I just got backed up by your mother what
you want to see you hold on I'll show
you PS you lose pretzels are not chips
LOL you lose sorry Chuck chugalug
chugalug now we just had dinner at
monk's I really didn't want to show
myself stuff in my face I literally ate
a huge burger with chili on top of it
and a milkshake that was your idea haha
hello hey come on your head to my it's
not at all ova yeah so we ate it monks
right here Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck and I
gotta just a huge burger I feel like
that's rubbing your bill I'm rubbing my
buddha belly I feel like that's like a
cardinal rule of eating meat you do not
well first of all it's not kosher to
have dairy and meat so that's not good
but I had like a full burger whole
crapload of rise up here and a milkshake
it has a flat tire oh it's a really flat
tire she go check sipping need help
maybe they need help they'll be fine oh
my god i have real
I cadets way to out hold on we were
gonna go I have to get my nail polish
shaken off because it's like just gel
stuff that stays on till you have them
take it off and I called her to come
over and go with me and we got sucked
into watching bleach because of us on TV
well I don't even know what that is I
got this toy and a happy meal and I know
we've like had a pretty good run as an
appropriate toys I feel like this one
isn't that inappropriate though well I
mean I know this leg is just to be out a
little but it's definitely longer this
oh oh my god that is totally way while
you so barbie has a reputation for
making their dolls anatomically
incorrect but that's just that's just
wrong Bobby fairy princess I'm so
beautiful I'll fly happen yeah hey
gorgeous I'm not sure you know all the
commercials are really goes like that oh
my god my god you change someone's just
capture papi Chavez memorized you just a
couple army though um okay that was all
off the closet high five oh she does
like the like but wait wait do it again
high five oh you're so smooth by be
fairy princess so smooth male Bart you
feel like you can heed that call see how
what does it say look from I don't know
great good great good I feel like
they're gonna freak out that we're
filming their car I just wanted a nail
bar and I completely forgot to film in
there it's like the I got that shellac
stuff down again and it's so weird like
they paint it and then they put your
hand in like a UV baker and they click
your fingers no but it like it makes
them stay / I can touch anything and I
just got out of the salon so it blows my
mind because I always screw my nails up
what are you doing I'm trying to get as
both it's impossible because this car
pulls to LA I hope you can run faster
than the cards if it's going after the
truck to better stop it also helps we
need you pull up there you go it's never
gonna do it do it do it you got it you
got it you guys
oh snap I mean you hit it yeah that's
all I wanted to do if you can't job
couldn't nice
what's your hat
good that we get it so Joe
what do you have that the kid kept put
it down watch Marley
good
I
