you can go first we're about to go on
this tree top ropes course here it's
called go ape that thing looks so
amazing it's roughly 90 degrees in the
humidity is like Florida I know that's
where the campus I just want to turn
around run the top I think I can get at
least one slide before I get tackled I
kicked out so my sister just texted me
because she saw this on my shoulder and
my Instagram story and she's like did
you get another tattoo and I was like
why it never got to him like why no
she's good with the bandage on your on
your shoulder was like oh no I think we
show that oh god this is terrible I go
real signs of old age also does an icy
hot pack house like I'm not cool enough
anymore just to have Tower bandages on
me that are covering up tattoos no old
lady patches on your pants didn't put
like a little hair I just are falling
off thank you for my leave I want to
fall on camera or do you don't wear them
like your pants turn well sorry about
that internet don't fall I don't think
the insurance check went through its
your little pulley it was also a really
cool band see like penny wise back in
the day and then you slide down you're
walking you're walking that's cheating
if this can't hold you now a little bit
afraid later unfortunately there's a
slight delay with the zipline due to
weather obviously for safety reasons we
can't go out when it's Sun during get
especially Sundering results in
lightning or on trees that are filled
with metal our bodies are filled with
metal bad combo and being really high in
the air but we're hoping that this
little little store most of your
subscribes relatively quick but look at
that that's cool she was like flying
right across the water no there's not an
airplane stupid rain kind of having an
issue right now I'm going to wait it out
so this
is she'll be complicit Shelby County but
if he gets called Shelby Farms the kind
of a colleg ranch is like the ranch as a
ranch and then turned into a giant mini
video that where does the plane is
that's where it's better weather this is
it time
better willing thing where is there
every 30 minutes every time Thunder and
the Thunder story now we're like whoops
let's go get food oh oh there's a ride
for today Oh
off-roading obviously draining
we're gonna go try to find some other
cool stuff to go go see there's a ton of
cool stuff we're gonna try something
else and then maybe tomorrow try to get
go a little earlier before this comes
hopefully not tomorrow clothing we met a
lot of you can't excuse me though yeah
that was actually kind of funny like we
were just at the DOE a place in that
couple guys found us from the Instagram
stories which we told you guys to follow
this is all owned by Shelby Farms one
factor name is David Shelley he got his
start by randomly winning the said that
really yeah I got the deed that's all I
got it
and good old mr. Shelby that is very
very cool yeah I said no idea who owns
it
oh my god I was a convincing well first
not and then you were like yeah I
believe that's why Leslie Jamison Ali
came prepared
yellow brick so bad briefly
so bad and political page one sales
ha ha
you're like a Bubble Boy very very hard
to walk under an umbrella plus I got all
the cameras so I'm trying to keep Texas
for the cameras like completely out of
in the water right now sacrificing for
the log to it for the vlog do this it's
the most Awkward like angle ever this is
good guys we are going to head out and
have some Memphis barbecue things things
like planned out as we thought they
would today we're going to do the whole
zipline thing weather said this so we're
going to go to this wave of central
barking which apparently is phenomenal
do that and then tonight I'm looking
forward to this so much because you guys
know how much I love scary things we're
going to the haunted bar well we're
going to like a haunted place I
shouldn't say but actually I read up on
it it seems pretty pretty crazy the guy
who ended up on my own with you the guy
who ended up lying it was not a believer
at all David show me I'm an idiot
he ended up living I don't know if he
lived in the bottom part of where he
lived but he lived within the bar and he
said after a couple of years living
there he noticed that there was a lot of
paranormal activity the individual that
we're working with is like helping us
find really cool places around here told
us and people witness it all the time
every single person in the comments and
while actually here he's good to go to
the playfield central BBQ apparently was
one of the best places on a few jog you
meant on this being one to that
and I guess we came at the right time
because there's no line or anything okay
what and our food is here
frickin good that looks incredible
goodbye first supposedly me best place
in Memphis to get barbecue glorious bed
can't look elegant Yeah right there no
it's over there now Kol is the bomb
magazine the bomb Alec you bring it back
the wrong I don't care so good okay
they went swim not gonna lie guys a
little pinch a little right fresh this
is crazy we're right next to it the
Lorraine Motel is actually the motel or
Martin Luther King over there on the
balcony was shot very eerie
you know it's something I just noticed
why on the ground floor are the rooms
two in the second floor three I just
noticed that not one of those things I
know I was noticing like really weird
thing there's the hotel sign
history horrible horrible horrible
shouldn't happen history but it's
actually kind of cool that they
preserved everything like this so that's
Mulberry Street or Barry Street and I
can't can't figure out if it was
apparently the shooter was in that
building or the one behind it and shot
across that Street under that corner so
because a weird feeling it was really
kind of strange and this is kind of
maybe me being ignorant people like
coming smiling and taking photos in
front of the place I don't know I tried
a lot of famous spots more like yeah
the people coming
so symmetrical something
I don't know if it's that much different
from what we're doing it now though same
time but I think I'm not looking down on
anybody
oh definitely not I like doing something
tragic apparently I get it I get it too
the reason why we're showing it in my
personal this is my reasoning for
showing it is to show you guys who
probably have never come here or didn't
know this like still existed and I feel
like that I don't want to say guys our
job as vloggers but that's kind of my
personal view as what I was always
wanting to do as a vlogger let's go
around be places around the world show
people that probably will never see
something or didn't know existed and
just kind of have this cool conversation
about it and again we're not like
insanely cool it just to me it's just an
interesting reaction such a place it's
opinions you know everyone's got their
own opinion and ours to be completely
wrong and we should be a bunch of little
proves right now but I mean that's just
every once accrued a bunch of prunes -
you know you eat them in the loop Thrun
so this is a supposed haunted bar we
kept saying Arnstein so it's Ernestine
my golf cart burgers
yep if he's doing it you do it
apparently the thing is that we come
here
it put I don't think that was playing
when you walk in those like one of those
things were it's supposedly picture saw
these were a brothel to people that fit
over the box
we'll play but alley to Spain is that
sometimes when people come in like the
Jew bucks will start playing like song
box like I like like I don't know like
represent you or something like that and
like that wasn't playing a funky creepy
but I swear that sounds it's not playing
and then we walk in and love and
marriage we just got married
they're playing iPod but they said that
you don't walk around don't smoke in no
Carson no freeloading you can go first
this is where the brothel probably was
we wash up
I won helm with asbestos in Greg's leg
things in there like on that door
postal bar now I feel like of course of
that it is actually Ernestine this place
is so full
can you thank you why these locked
there's that old fireplace the creepy
factor is just going up right now what
was in here
what happened is James area the history
it's definitely a very creepy and eerie
feeling that comes from this place so
many things are lost but until tonight
personal old Alex
a favor say it's a bar so like there's
bathrooms and all these creepy doors in
economics you wonder like why certain
areas are all blocked off
a couple students ears game as we
rounded the corner and it scared me a
little bit
hello there's okay because this book is
so lit refrigerator isn't the thing any
of Jones got in in the Crystal Skull and
apparently survived somehow and meekly
uh one further so bad okay
well I've got a favorite with the
creepiest bar I think I've ever been
essentially it was a brothel and one of
the ladies died in here and then third
the hauntings
you're talking about Socrates about the
only wanting to come on my methodology
box or a coincidence I always like it
kind of like for example like it came on
and I was like where's it low and then
Mary frankly all the time just so creepy
he did great we walk in so he already
had our expand and I want to leave
pretty good go just positively right now
you can read the game posit posit I
don't have enough time all right too
late
they've never seen a horse before you
guys saw a train and now you saw a horse
these are so scared look it's like so
are you cool with it
no she's shaken - they're both shaking
well what have we learned today
dogs don't like trains and the dogs do
not like horses at all diesel was
freaking freaking out I've never seen a
dog freak out that much I only got a
little freaked out
oh because he's shaking so much it took
Allie and I both hugging him being on
the stop I think you just not used to be
exploited I mean if you think about it
of course is a freaky animal we keep
getting trapped by horses we literally
got trapped by a horse over here and a
horse over there later tail everyone's
down the only one who doesn't care is
Marlee their first time on Beale Street
when you walk in it's kind of like going
through like a show like security like
Pat you down to everything like I'm
saying is a great not connected music
music music
I can barely write my name with
spray-paint let alone do the artwork not
one of
there's no way you know what they look
like Trapper Keepers from the 90s let's
do two every one of those Trapper
Keepers alright guys well we're walking
on Realtree and before I begin I just
want to say good night
hope you enjoyed things video hopefully
we won't introduce this line tomorrow if
not I'm here we'll find something cool
have a great night guys
so buddy to drive and we'll see you
tomorrow
