all right looking at maximum but I read
them more than Charles that's great
true she doesn't believe me Michelle
Trachtenberg okay she was in Buffy yes
but wasn't she Harriet the Spy on
Nickelodeon you guys gotta back me up
Michelle Trachtenberg I think is her
name this girl right that's a bad words
one on her face right there this car
right there
that's totally from Harriet the Spy we
were just talking about old Nickelodeon
stars okay my I don't know ally ally
earmuffs don't - I used to have a huge
crush on Larisa Oleynik from The Secret
World of Alex Mack you guys remember her
you don't remember idea your way highway
yeah it was so awesome it was like he
literally just had okay a girl named
Jordan who watches our videos is in my
class I've shown her a couple times she
met us at Weezer she I sort of God we've
just had this conversation in our class
the other day let's analyze the secret
world of Anna Alex Mack she's a tomboy
walking home in the suburbs and then all
of a sudden a toxic waste truck knocked
some toxic waste as she basically ninja
turtles ourselves powers off what yeah
Marley did you broke it didn't you I
always feel like I'm knocked back into
the like Dark Ages literally when the
power goes out I'm just so helpless I
feel helpless I always feel so helpless
well we're already starting growing our
own food were they doing to our window
are they cleaning it would you like to
go to the park ridiculous I was starting
to get really really frustrated I was
like okay
the power's out let go of my laptop I
don't need any power for that oh yes I
forgot the router does so I got really
annoyed with the lack of internet that I
had my accessibility there's a pageant
it's like the power went out on the
internet I'm knowing that my little
intranet my little network my little my
little home network is down I'm just
gonna go to the park she's always
depressed as you can see I'm just gonna
go outside I'm just gonna stay outside I
can't do this
guess how many miles we've done today
we've done about I didn't give you guys
didn't get time to guess you're gonna
guess how many miles so far oh look
boobs it's becoming like a little
Internet landmark we did about 9 miles
today
not too shabby huh not too shabby
high-five actually hands are full
let's do head butts that was for sweet I
keep freaking out because I think it's
gonna rain because these glasses here
I'll show you what I see this is what
I'm seeing looks like everything's from
the 1970 he's doesn't it everything's
all sepia even Marley's orange so every
time I like look around the way aw crap
it's gonna rain we gotta hurry that I'm
like oh yeah I forgot I'm wearing
glasses you do that sometimes like will
do glass I don't why why is this orange
like why why do they make sunglasses why
couldn't they have like neutral colors
yeah that was my random complaint for
today other than the internet going out
to see you look at her butt look at her
feet see you're doing it with it off
right there yeah finish it off
all right now I gotta clean it up I
guess she's laughing last now okay so
you see that lady back there she's
running she's selfie laughing head Zoey
pooping and she goes what's so funny I
was like oh I was just laughing at you
the way the dogs you know they poop
she's like oh I don't you so oh man that
was that was pretty funny she didn't
want to get in camera though so I guess
say hi to the lady of the park random
jogger at the park
hi when we move I would have really
missed this place this is like a really
really nice area you know what I mean
like it's just like
everything if they can awesome - awesome
dog parks like I think it's like five
miles of trail awesome woods but it's
like that every time we move you know
what I mean like just like you get
attached and then you move and you get
attached the any move is just a
progression but the beauty is that we've
been in a little filming I mean think
about how many like videos we've filmed
here you know what I mean it's like you
guys have been here virtually yeah so I
guess we have two months left
we must left or something like that and
then it's on to the next adventure you
guys excited I'm pretty stoked squirrel
but you guys wanna get that squirrel
they care about nothing else right now
french toast with pomegranate Cyril
sera sera I like stir up please shoot
the three shoot the three shoot the
three
you are slightly crazy for those who
don't know what she's doing she she
touches the top of the bread to make
sure it's good I guess soft mushy
moistures everyone's brick Ellie and I
are having a little bit of a
disagreement and we're gonna need you
guys to help us out you know you if you
say potato chips then that's misleading
No if you just say chips okay bottom
line is Ali Ali thinks that pretzels are
a chip aren't chips they're not no
pretzels are pretzels and chips are
chips you see ships potato pretzels why
are pencils in a chip my own I don't
know but there's also you know like
Funyuns and pork wall it's pork what are
those things fun pork skins there's
reports how was the pork skin a chip
okay Internet solve this solve this our
pretzels chips we've been fighting about
this for years they're gonna she she
won't let it go she won't let me win
because they're pretzels
like this this okay so she says this is
not a chip but that is a chip okay go
now you're really gonna hit the car
that's gonna be really funny look at
that sweet 360 that you almost did I
told you almost it okay go watch out
people are crazy in this parking lot
they don't allow you this like know what
I'm saying no one no one lets you
freestyle shopping cart ride
look at that footwork tena oh you touch
the ground
this is so unbelievably awkward to watch
I bet it feels so after running all that
I'm deciding I'm just gonna splurge I'm
gonna make a spinach broccoli ricotta
calzone I know it kind of defeats the
purpose but you know what I'm thinking I
feel like since I ran all that I could
eat this and then it's like I never ate
it you want to mean it cancels it out
that's a good way to think of it do you
want a pretzel and totally not a chip
could we have pretzels but we don't have
chips if you want to Brett so let's
check out an alley up there she is
get the little mail room going she's
shipping out some of your shirts we got
a new order coming in the next couple
days so if you if you didn't know the
store the merch store has been open for
the past couple days we had we had to
take it down because we're traveling but
it's up so links in the sub bar if you
want a shirt like one of these
fancy-schmancy shirts actually this was
this good discontinued unless there's a
couple other side I don't know
in which case is ignore what I just said
check it out guys I'm Vampira Lincoln
husband the first finish day I'm Farah
Lincoln ward oh all right so today is
its Presidents Day and I just wanted to
ask you guys who you feel President was
who would you like I sound like I'm
drunk I feel like I'm drunk what
awareness no seriously
who's your favorite I was told who is a
favorite person of all time every I'm
from America it might be interesting the
guest I was kind of grasping um yeah so
for people who are from America today is
what you call Presidents Day I'm not
really sure what the purpose of the
holiday is other than to honor previous
presidents I think that's what it's for
who's your favorite president
I don't know any president no no I like
Clinton you like Clinton everybody says
that well you know what cling did a lot
for the internet to be honest
Clinton did a lot of it says allons-y
okay he makes hot sauce remember see he
couldn't become president he was too
busy making hot sauce but without
sparring some sort of political debate
was this who is it was it the guy with
the wooden teeth it was it the dude with
the big hat
was it the guy with the blanket on his
legs hmm kind of a weird holiday isn't
it what they should do is the government
should ask you hey who's your favorite
president
and whatever president you say
corresponds to what currency he's on
they just give it to you so quick you
guys are thinking you're like wait wait
wait who's on the $10,000 bill who's on
the hundred dollar bill there we go
it's good knowledge
