oh wait you have pancakemix quick which
one is better
waffles or pancakes Oh didn't even have
time Marley which one's better waffles
or pancakes
what's Philadelphia Podres where the
dude of God most Monday's shooting
basketball hoops and stip
a toy ruin that or something I'm sorry
I'm sorry Will Smith I know you're
watching
yeah
hey guys ready ready go ready to go
let's go
so I forgot I've failed at packing and
now only I only packed two t-shirts so
it's bullshit so I'm wearing my bull
shirt and sturdy
I feel really gross right now do you
guys ever have you ever done that like
where you have to wear like the same
clothes more than one day yeah I feel a
little bit of grody right now do you
guys don't judge me
right right and she's like dope too cold
let's try not to destroy the man gross
mommy and daddy don't want to go to jail
Marley's afraid of the waves ally just
found a rare two balloon from 1992 New
Year Bill Clinton
well when SNL was funny maybe I don't
know what else happened in 92 I was in
second grade Kimberly was born but send
it off for somebody else to find looking
for the quarter find the quarter Marley
that's a big stick all right let's get
my elusive trusty rock pretty good it's
a big rock get your rock get it get it
she loves that Rob I really like this
rock please applaud it you can get it
almost in you try to pick it up can't do
it
almost Zowie yes true filing the puffy
nail salon beautiful on this Coby she
doesn't like her wig okay hold on what's
it ready okay imma get it
excuse me squirrel I have to throw this
poop away Hey look you want to eat it
totally you wanna do it I'm about to
show you something and I'm just
forewarning you guys it might make you
cringe and give you goose bumps this is
how Halley's eating ice cream right now
she has no spoon so she's fucking look
I'm getting goose but I have goose bumps
I have goose bumps right now do you get
that there's a bother your teeth I guess
I get sympathy pains
oh just wait until I find a chalkboard
sweetie there you go you chase me on the
house with wax paper yes for you
ha ha ha psych it here I'm serious I'm
such a baby yes okay so yesterday I
tricked you guys by lighting my hand on
fire but I wanted to show you it was
this a magical trick of my vehicle the
FX skills look this is this is what it
looked like without the special effects
see oh it's on fire
and now with the special effects this is
my magic
what makes me that magical kids is a
very special trick that only if you do I
will see you because I copy written this
exactly and then be a violation of
copyright that's why it's copy written
that's that's why remember kids don't
try this at home
seriously I'll fight you if you do and
now for the long long drive home
oh by the way we made a decision guys
sorry I was turning the light on we're
not gonna go to DC for Lady Gaga's redo
comments and actually a both the
majority of you guys want to see the
space shuttle so it felt like took net
feel like total day job who you like
just have Alyssa and Ally go to
Washington and you go to the Space
Shuttle that's exactly what happened in
November but Holly's still in classes on
Thursday and Friday
so rather than her taking off for
classes and risking her grades and I did
I did promise you guys the space shuttle
launch so we will be going to the
special launch and then on a Friday or
Saturday or something we were invited by
boyceavenue
is it voice or Boise Avenue I think it's
Boise seven anyway anyway the guys from
Boyce Avenue they're actually from
Sarasota are playing a show nearby so
we're gonna we're gonna go see them yeah
be questions you guys have any questions
want me to ask them about you know I
don't know anything about the music or
things so tell me the comments if you
have anything you want me to ask them I
just wanted to let you know what what
the book
no don't smoosh it it's going to get all
over the material it's fine don't swim
don't smush it get a napkin what am I
supposed to do have kid Ally's got this
bad habit of like when she sees a bug
she swishes it and then she swishes it
against like a wall and then forgets it
and then I come back and I have to clean
up her dead bug carcass anyway so yes
bottom line is we're gonna do the space
shuttle launch and everybody hanging out
with boys Avenue sorry Lady Gaga we feel
like you'll be around for at least a few
more years we'll see you soon it was
actually a lot of your decisions - so
you guys happy you're happy with a
decision I had to make an executive
decision I had to do it
and guess who drank too much car
I have to stop with our famous famous
pee spots and Gainesville every single
time I don't know what it is I think my
I think my bladder and the dog's bladder
are synchronized the same same location
it's kind of funny maybe I should start
peeing here too so I went to go pee
inside the McDonald's and as I was
coming out there's this I like to call
them a good old boy yelling at the cash
register lady she's like where's my
parfait with my parfait that sure as
hell don't mean fast and French
I want my parfait I swear guys every
single time I don't bring a camera
something was hilariously awesome or
crazy happens I need to get like like my
vision my eyeballs like infused with a
camera so everything I see is just like
camera that way if I ever get my camera
like I do I miss I miss the guy yelling
at the lady because parfait doesn't mean
fast
she was looking here she wanted Samoa
she wanted some coffee
