hi I'm Connor Brian and I'm being asked
at gunpoint to say CT FXI for the win oh
come on I had to do that again I had to
show you guys Conan just in case some of
you didn't know
I mean Conan O'Brien saying CT FX I for
the win she wasn't by the way do you
think he was doing that on purpose I
think he was doing that on purpose if
not it's not what can be I stand for CT
FX I Charles Trippy friend institution
rep Charles Trippy friend indigo got any
clever ones anyway yes that was Conan
O'Brien thank you to terabrite because
they were on the Conan O'Brien show on
Valentine's Day and I was like dude if
you can do that that would totally make
my day slash year slash lifetime slash
bucket list I had this shirt again and
you know what I might I might show it
again
just because it's Conan O'Brien and
that's pretty awesome Oh Conan O'Brien
you're so Trixie hey birdy
it's kind of cool never been this close
to a wild bird that's like bird feeder
all must be a nest in there you see
Marley she's walking in my shadow
because it's too hot for her
you're smart no that's smart Marley stay
in my shadow these guys are funny this
is why you make the internet laugh as
well as me you guys don't make any sense
whatsoever whatsoever are you sleepy
all that running made you tired again we
just did another four miles before I go
in to pick up Ali oh we're going to
we're going to Sarasota today actually
because sunday is my dad's 60th birthday
so we're gonna go down to Surprise them
and give him a little little tiny
birthday some but should be like a nice
peek shit shit why shabang birthday
shebang why couldn't I say that that was
really embarrassing I hope I remember to
cut that we know I'm not gonna edit that
I'm gonna leave that completely a mess
it is my dad's 60th birthday it doesn't
look 6-2 Devin does he up there I go
again and it's gonna be fun it'll be fun
and actually my uncle's in town too so
hopefully we can make it to Clearwater
and see my uncle
but this is gonna be a lot of traveling
this weekend but you know what that's
what we do it's what we do go we
traveled yo anyway coming back to that
Conan O'Brien thing I wanted to ask you
guys if we could get any celebrity like
any celebrity in the world which
celebrity would you want to say CTFxC
for the win
like which one would be the coolest one
that you think saying I think my
favorite I would probably I would
probably just that what is wrong with me
today I think it's all the endorphins
from exercising you know when you
exercise you gets really pumped up it's
like drinking like five energy drinks
but you just ran anyway
mine would be Tom Hanks
if Tom Hanks said it Johnny Depp or wino
to Ryder I would probably see myself
that in front of them I would have to go
around and hide and then pee myself and
then come back with a change of pants
how many cuz I stopped talking let's go
good Ally do you guys like when I ramble
does it make any sense whatsoever I feel
like I talk I feel like I'm talking like
Jesse Eisenberg like so fast where it
doesn't make any sense you know I mean
the guy next to me right now is just
staring completely ABing he's not he's
not going away he's just staring at me I
don't know is this really abnormal do
you ever do just like staring at me like
what's up this is like wait can't
somebody's like it's gonna be really
kind of funny because you know when cell
phones first came out everyone looked at
people funny like what he's talking to
his cell phone what's that and then when
blue tooth came out everyone's like oh
this guy's a jerk he's talking like I
think he's talking to me but he's
talking to himself no he's talking to
somebody else and now with cameras
everybody but like video like recording
themselves it's gonna be like second
nature like 80 oh she's stuck oh thank
you blinded by the paleness of my leg
yeah it's like Torro
oh my bull yeah I got a bowl of my of my
shirt no big deal all the haters I just
run you over my bowl sometimes life is
just really hard
no intersect to sit in the driver's seat
of my dad's car stare out the window at
other cars
Marley what are you doing
shield your eyes look at this like
introspective glanced off into the
distance like do you see this right now
screw eyes I got some interesting news I
don't know if I want to tell you she'll
tell ya I don't think I want to tell him
I'm not gonna tell I'm just gonna I'm
just gonna hang it right here for a
little bit okay I just got off the phone
and it looks like next week we are going
to Washington DC to go to Lady Gaga
we're gonna go we're gonna go see Lady
Gaga so in turn you guys are gonna go
see Lady Gaga who love rah rah rah but
what if I said I'm trying to say her
Rapha Lady Gaga thing bad romance Abby
said rhombic on rumba la pocha bad boy
what is it say do you know what you
don't know it Rajesh khumba rah rah rah
rah rah shish kebab bad romance that it
you don't know it Ali doesn't know it
she's trying to like
that's not it that's not it that's wrong
that's so wrong
and I also have another big announcement
that I'm waiting to hear back from look
at that this is exciting this is
exciting 2011 it's only February dear
February things i hate about you only 25
days i feel gypped on every bill that i
pay i feel gypped I seriously feel like
I'm paying a month like for my cell
phone bill or my electricity bill 2007
25 how many days 27 27 how many days are
in February 28 28 29 still you're not 31
February
you only have 28 days and February why
is that are there
it's February that February Haiti
February now that is a truck
is with the space show is supposed to
launch they think we're going to end up
having to miss it I don't
we were planning this but I feel that
going to Washington DC going to that
giant festival seeing Lady Gaga and
things might be a little bit cooler
because how many times have we tried to
go to this
the space laser though every time we go
to this spatial lodge for the past four
months how many times I Drive over there
like four times
it was canceled rather than risk it
again and I know it's kind of its kind
of one of these things where it's like
okay so you know what if it doesn't get
delayed
you know then we miss it it's gonna suck
but I don't know so if you guys have an
opinion of what we should do and then
I'll make an executive decision I want
to hear your thoughts but I just feel
that the DC trip is gonna happen versus
you know the spatial launch could be
canceled again so I'm just a little
weary I apologize but at the same time
I'm totally gonna make up more it's
gonna be awesome it's gonna be rad tak
tak rata to tacular spectacular to
Nicole I totally wanted nice weather
right now
I trusted this always feel like they're
playing a game
hey Bubba you got a red card here that's
bud
oh really I'll slow down big break check
everybody behind all right sounds good
because that's how this trip wait did I
think left but so Crisco
pretty to Kobe Kobe
the uplift Kobe I thought that was for
you it was before was it for is it that
guy no no always so nerve-wracking is
they just got the pit of my stomach it's
like somebody grabs the bottom of my
stomach don't let it go and it like
flown back up into my throat Zoe eating
catnip are you kidding me dog look at
this she's literally eating the catnip
look at you ridiculous
and then Marley's trying to get
something Oh food Zoe come on Oh what
are you doing stop it give me that Oh
what is this yummy yum yum yum yum yum
yum yum I've never seen a dog enjoy
catnip as much as this dog nom nom nom
and Marley's laying in it Wow
Zoe you're so high your eyes aren't even
freaking out right now
oh there they go Wow that's kind of cute
mine is OE uh Zoe come here walk
straight walk a straight line okay come
on
can you walk straight Oh Zoe you need to
go to rehab whoa guys why is the room
spinning actually can dogs
I don't think dogs it has the same
effect does it I don't think it hurts
them
we gotta get the laser we got to get the
Lakers out do we really want some cat
food to now want some Fritos some
Doritos
Oh some Doritos soda is becoming very
apparent that our little dog has a
catnip problem doesn't she
when we left she was waddling I can't I
can't do what I think it does to dogs or
cats I don't think it affects affects
dogs I don't know you guys don't know
you guys know everything we're going to
Outback right now we're gonna have a
delicious dinner
we're gonna meet Justin why and who else
is coming oh there we go
the trio but just in case you guys
didn't know I uploaded the that little
clip of Zoey breaking open the catnip
what's Andrew on the iPhone channel if
you don't know we have a nitrous own
channel I basically upload randomly a
lot of times when we're traveling what
shut your mouth you soon I thought
something was wrong
ignore her but for people wanting to
narrow I upload basic like random things
on the iPhone channel so if you want to
subscribe
youtube.com / trippy it's a lot of
exclusive things over there so go check
that out if you didn't know if you know
and you don't care about it just a shut
up Charles we keep watching the vlog
Rocky we're going to Outback wait that
really Rocky
okay now remember when we were talking
about that velvet hold this is where the
hold it goes to feed when nothing else
is available but out in the wild it's a
very very expensive and classy
restaurant where you can find your
grandma and all your friends
it's a bloomin onion
