hey Zoey
daddy uh-oh
my car's getting in new tires right now
so I'm supposed to go pick up Ali and
her car won't unlock I set the alarm
this is gonna be bad and loud isn't it
crap plug your ears guys please don't go
up please oh god okay didn't go off it's
gonna go off it's gonna go off oh it
didn't go off maybe I didn't set it hey
fingers crossed it doesn't go off now
okay oh no battery's dead
son of a whore oh this is bad this is so
bad
how was it I know it's hot so yeah cars
running and that totally was not my
fault I I most definitely did not leave
the lights on totally didn't leave the
lights on I don't know what happened the
battery fairy just a must have you know
I was thirsty and just sucked the ball
batter juice anyway I want to say thank
you to Devin a Good Samaritan for
jumping jumping my battery
it just sounds bad but no so everyone
say thank you to Devin because without
Devin Ali would be stranded and that
would suck cuz it's hot ah see Karma
Devin's gonna have some good karma for
that and for everybody who said no
because they were too busy bad karma all
the way bad karma towards you
no I'm not taking it back bad karma
green punch buggy no punches back yeah
so pretty sure I'm not gonna be living
this one down alleys going to remind me
constantly well deserved I guess it was
my prank on Ally
that was my prank that was my prank
getting her back for yesterday's diamond
ring prank no let's go back and look at
that the beginning of the day what's
this look out president it's a safety
thing okay and by the way it was 9:30 in
the morning
look it they got bright it was like Oh
bright there's no need for love am i
showing you like an old clip of the vlog
on the camera this is extreme I left my
camera in the car because I'm a complete
noob and FSU a film school was actually
shooting something they were taking a
porn yeah I guess they were taking it
down by the time I got there but they
had like a giant screen I don't know I
thought it might have been like
reflecting the light better like onto
the shop and I think it's actually like
blocking the solar power there was a
solar powered cameras well there's new
red cameras that's actually solar power
they had the big boy red cap because
it's red from the heat and Sun Oh
infrared energy
Google that must be what it is google it
if it's on Google it must be real
daddy's leaving the lights on and
killing the battery really that's even
dumber to drive with the precaution
bicker bicker vibe phone call you
remember that little garlic plant Ali's
been been growing look at this thing
look at this Ali's a little botanist
that thing's was put again smart Zoey
look how big it is it's crazy dude burp
that's tempting you isn't it Marley you
really that's good it's gone let's leave
him alone squirrel this has been an
awesome week with actually keeping up
with my promise to myself of exercising
every day every single day this past
week I have gone five to seven miles a
day so I'm pretty proud I'm pretty I
didn't necessarily run it but we walked
it and ran it and skipped it I skipped
it a couple times but that's pretty
manly I mean if you can skip five miles
it's pretty man I gotta get an answer
this don't hate me okay I'm back whoa
guys whoa it's gonna be a right-hand
turn I don't know if we can get this got
a big paying attention wait what are you
doing
yeah paying attention you're gonna miss
this turn Zoey you're gonna miss it and
then we're gonna be all turned around
what was I talking about
oh yes skipping yes if you want to if
you want to lose you know that extra
pounds those extra calories just start
skipping at the gym when everyone's
running on the treadmill just skip on a
treadmill I guarantee all the ladies
I'll for you men all those ladies would
be like wow this guy's got awesome cats
cabs cathetus oh by the way I didn't say
I didn't say rapeseed yesterday I said
grapeseed I just can't speak correctly
oh you guys you guys don't know what my
car's gonna get done it's getting new
shoes my cars getting fitted for some
new shoes hey there's our boobies again
wait do I have permission did it Dan it
Dan
Chomp Chomp Chomp Chomp Chomp okay I was
totally mature let's go let's go I'm
embarrassed I just embarrassed myself
Zoi I embarrass myself in front of the
Internet dog poop dance you stand like
it you even stand like a dinosaur when
you poop I think that's like the
funniest thing about a dog is when they
go they go number dos they always stand
like a little dinosaur and then they do
a little I call the poop of dance and
they do this with their back feet they
go back and forth actually here I'll
show you a visual okay so I'm not sure
what comedian where I saw this but was
some comedian doing their impression of
a dog poopy
this is what he did it's like the best
representation they did a little poop
dance back and forth
I was pretty funny that was a pretty
good visual wasn't it okay let's get out
of here before somebody sees me doing
that no but in all seriousness I'm being
serious next time your dog goes poop
watch it'll do the poop dance and think
of me actually don't think of me because
that's this weird but it you'll laugh I
promise your life I know this is a
toilet late in the game but I just
thought of something they should have
done instead the booby thing shouldn't
they have done like a like a penis on
the wood and then it said should have
said feel wood cuz there's a penis
that's the other way of saying penis
so I stopped talking I should write
jokes or something well that last minute
and a half was highly inappropriate and
I apologize what I've always wondered is
alleys gangster valid gangster driving
right here yeah so I always wondered do
you guys think there goes my phone that
owners are VW bugs like when they're
angry or frustrated they just get in
their car and drive around and then just
laugh as other people who see him
driving or her driving punch each other
I would totally do that does that make
me a bit does that make me a bad person
okay so okay
currently apparently so okay so anyway
gotta get my car I put four new tires on
it I'm a little I'm a little afraid on
that price tag my car has like 65,000
miles so it's definitely I don't know
how much do you think it's gonna be I
don't want to know I wanted to say it's
free I just wanted to be like hey it's
free there was a sale everything's free
today
Oh full moon wait there's two of them
it's green and yellow ah the Sun look at
Ali she's going around the house
lighting candles everywhere there's one
two there's three and there's like this
oil-based thing which I you know handed
smells pretty good okay what are we at
three or four there's five
oh there's Ali now hey I'm just making
fun of you about how you have all the
candles lit yeah what was that one two
three four that's four oh there's one in
here right here there's one in there
five well I know you wanted to say - hey
hey hey let's take down the parkin okay
okay yeah oh Jesus
I don't even know where to go I'm just
gonna stop talking about whatever I was
talking about because I've been rudely
interrupted let's see if I can scare Ali
oh it's prank vs. prank on MTV so like
when you're at a store and it's kind of
awkward because you're the only one in
there like if you just go to like a
start kind of late at night and you're
like the only one there and then you
know the clerk kind of strikes up a
conversation with you it's really
awkward when the conversation is about
how they feel like they're fat because
they don't go to the gym enough and
they're clearly not fat and they're
clearly just saying that so you'll say
that they you know I mean I dabble in
steroids occasionally you gotta I don't
know what that was sorry all right so
he's new toy what are the guys calling
whirlybirds what are those things called
what is this call the internet flying
straw so it really likes it though
what we're charging this thing remember
that oh did you break it Oh
baby
without trippin
where
Photography
you
