okay I just got out of the shower and
every night I go in there to put lotion
on my legs
I've like I've been taking my rings off
to make sure I don't get them dirty I'm
gonna make sure that I drop my oh my god
you take it over the sink John when we
do you don't run the sink we're going to
have that hang this head coming here
this is probably a heater
you can't get it here thank you got a
practical joke because it's like you
look at that thing of a sink and it
drops right here you just take this far
apart don't blame how mad were you I
wasn't mad at all I thought it was funny
what's funny but I wasn't mad at you I
was laughing the whole time I was
getting pliers I had to like really try
hard not to laugh watch Marley pop hey
Marley wanna go bye-bye that cracks you
know every single time I'm like I never
know where she is and then I'll just say
her name she's always pops out of the
most random spots anyway so did you like
that prank Ali pulled on me the thing I
don't know what it is like I I guess my
reaction time is this always so slow
because I think I'm like the hardest
person to prank like the time we were
hanging out prank vs. prank house and
Ali and Gina tried to prank me I was
just like man whatever just like that I
don't you did it look like I was
freaking out cuz I don't think I was I
think what it is is just because I know
like if something falls down the drain
it just goes into a little like hoopty
singing as long as you don't run the
water so I don't know I was the Sims
trying to be kind of calm but I don't
know I feel like at the hardest person
to prank so if you have any ideas to
prank me don't tell me tell tell Ali I
promise I won't look at the comments
today only Ali will respond today's
comments so you can tell any prank ideas
Ali can do to me and I won't look I
promise scouts honor
scouts honor it's pop live long and
prosper never mind I am totally gonna
kick fist into the water
third time's the charm people let's do
this thing
no I was even close that was the worst
one oh I hit it so I just have to film
with Ali and she's kind of freaking out
right now
she's taking the cloud like a philosophy
a follow a philosophy class and she
doesn't seem to like it our and it just
doesn't make any sense
which is true because when I took a
philosophy I was only at the intro class
it really I mean it's like one of those
things where as long as you really prove
what you're trying to say anything could
be right you know what I mean it's
really open-ended which is actually the
cool thing about philosophy but it's
also very hard to learn so she's
freaking out so she's trying to find it
because she thinks she's gonna fail
which every you know every time at the
end of semester I was always like I'm
gonna fail them what a fail comes out
she goes like a 4.0 you guys know you
know you know what I'm talking about
she's gonna see about taking a CLEP exam
which will let her like drop that class
just in case cuz if she fails philosophy
which I don't think she will I mean she
has one more class left and unbidden she
can't graduate so she's gonna taking
CLEP exam maybe for French which seems
really hard like the CLEP exam means
that you already know the information
you should get credits suddenly it's
like she's gotta know French but she
already knows what Italian Japanese
French and English in Spanish she's like
she's a linguist Ali the linguist I
barely have a grasp on the English
language you guys already know that so
let's send the good vibes everyone let's
send the good vibes to Ali these these
are called the passing vibes this is
given a vibe also known as spirit
fingers but we just changed it
what's going on oh thank you know what
I'm gonna get this totally gonna get
this I'm probably gonna get it nope I
just drink this thing it's a some like
fruit juice type of blend thing I'm
gonna read you some of the the
ingredients some of the juices
it's got apple acai sea buckthorn juice
gingko biloba grape panax ginseng
elderberry purple carrot purple sweet
potato black carrot it sounds disgusting
red cabbage rapeseed pomegranate prickly
pear cactus and bilberry well he's
thinking my fruit servings for today
what's up what's in my head my hair so
long
look it's touching I don't have to get
to see it it's like touching the roof of
the car
really the Dragon Ball Z guy and you are
inuyasha and Yasha is that his name to
do with freaky hair yeah I know my I
know my Dragon Ball Z stuff oh by the
way we might go to Japan guys we might
go to Japan this summer with a friend of
Ali's you actually met him before
are you ki he's been in a couple of
vlogs but we might actually go to Japan
with him because his family's from Japan
so that way we know what we're doing so
fingers crossed
I really would okay Italy in Japan are
the two places I really want to go so
they'll be so sweet and we won't have to
worry about the Internet
okay save the Tatas shimmy epic face
there we go
as an epic face
this is my happy gang face there fish I
absolutely love just throwing in random
clips throughout the vlog just like the
ones where you're just like wait why did
he even include that makes me laugh with
all the turtles yes he any Cheatham
shouldn't eat turtles really bad they
could turn out to be a ninja turtle and
if you ate him you know he can't save
the world I would be bad
did you guys hear that you hear that
there's an old lady yelling at a guy for
having his kid in the dog park wow that
was actually kind of crazy Wow if you
hear that as ridiculous go Marley go no
what are you doing dude doing it again
your showoff
oh trying to establish dominance with
Marley
hey buddy
maybe like a redheaded dog okay guys so
I totally got some more information on
the whole dog park drama 2011 bra bra
bra actually I was just talking to the
guy apparently he's been bringing his
kids the dog purse cuz the kid really
likes dog parks that he's been
supervising holding the kid ba ba ba ba
being pretty responsible anyway so there
was apparently a lady and I just almost
stepped in poop right there that deemed
it's her job to tell him that he
couldn't bring his kid into the dog park
even though there's I don't think any
law or anything like that actually the
guy went around apologizing everyone
that was in here because he felt bad
he's like you know you know it takes a
lot to get me really pissed off when
somebody tells me I'm a bad father
because my kid loves dogs and I wanted
to bring her into a dog park really
pisses me off which I can totally relate
but on the same time you know like I
could see why the lady was concerned
because if you know a kid Knox and my
dog knocks into the kid you know I don't
want I wouldn't want to be sued for
something like that I'm gonna leave it
up to you guys in the internet because
you guys always come up with the most
hilariously true valid comments or
suggestions or opinions more than anyone
and I'm actually looking forward to who
do you think was right in the situation
that the father or the random lady so I
don't know you decide Internet you
decide it was pretty interesting that
was like the most interesting thing at
the dog park ever just looking so me
playing oh look at all three of them
play Marley's actually playing
I feel like a proud father right now of
two hairy bitches don't Marley go are
you kidding me the lady called the cops
you're like that did you see behind me
you like how that lady is wasting a cop
cops time coming out here to rectify the
situation when the guy already left
some people are idiots I swear some
people are so stupid
how is your fellow philosophy club test
going no it's okay how much you got
written that much huh
oh gosh she'll be fine
the Internet's giving you spirit fingers
I'm transforming them from the Internet
to you you're so smart you're writing in
a book though you're not supposed to do
that you guys want to see what I made
for dinner I'm the chef trippy I am
bored for some reason but what happens
is the reason why I've been cooking so
much is I'm just I just get bored at
night because I can't really go out and
do anything so this is what I made
tonight it looks delicious get ready to
be jealous look at that look at that
homemade veggie sushi with some carrots
some cucumbers some avocado and a little
bit of cream cheese that's right look at
that delicious the only thing it's
missing is what and you know the best
wasabi comes in a tube for convenience
all right moment of truth see if it's
any good
Oh Oh
I just punched in the face by some
wasabi
well that just ruined my night Bobby all
right don't ruin your night it's really
hot in your own mouth something around
like so
yes
giddy with child tripping
with champion
