yay we won woo sup dude is chillin
licking your lips since you guys know my
love for coffee runs deep you've been
spamming me with links to this new cup
at starbucks that's called the Train
tact renta what is a plane duh it's like
32 ounces of coffee I'm gonna go and get
that because i want to see how big that
really is it's like a thirst buster or
what are the victors yeah 7-eleven the
thirst Buster's the quench oh my god
what happened to my arm stuff from
kitchen can you get cat scratch fever
what it what is cat scratching you
anyway this is how hot it is in Florida
is always falling asleep in the car
panting Chinese fire drill in the
parking lot sweet that's the safe way to
do it right there almost make it all
right keeping up with the progression of
Marley learning weird tricks um we're
gonna teach you how to drive now ready
you ready morrow put it in reverse did
you just honk the horn put it in reverse
she's like I'm putting in reverse back
here I get big ass coke some big-ass
fries yes fri big ass hot a big ass hot
uh I don't see three sizes i only see
having four sizes
so I cannot hear you at all
yes have the rental
oh really ok it's only I Scott I guess
you can just do like an iced coffee with
with milk low-fat alofa gotta watch my
figure guys got away yes so little
where's the sign starbucks in the world
because they're a bear Eric their AC
units are right by the speaker was like
yeah she's talking so quietly and it's
just like oh so I can't get a
Frappuccino in the Trent you can only
get an iced coffee I know a lot of
coffee I thought I'm gonna have a sip
and I'm back I'm uh I'm good guy mad
cock in a while when I did the noise she
really liked it whoo whoo I did my air
conditioner oh now she's pouting in the
background are you ready to see this you
ready that is let me see the regular
what did you get look at that's
ridiculous that is ridiculous it's like
as big as my head is that much problem I
don't know I can drink like three ounces
of coffee and I'll be spazzing out if I
drink 31 ounces of coffee wait if it's
called treinta means 30 why is it 31
ounces having the venti is only 19 or
something all right Zoe oh i just broke
my straw type all yours thank you better
inspect the gate wait maybe didn't break
up there it is yeah oh well maybe this
will keep me from having a road
nope doesn't work this is just my this
is my epic trick I'm just scratching my
head oh no what's going on with my
glasses it's a jack I just pulled my
hair okay watch your tongue slap OE
you're very special crazy this is called
Marley is not listening to trial give me
money Kevin baby come on man and there
she goes once again not listening she is
such an a-hole I mean in all fairness we
bring em like to a big open space so
they can do whatever they want but so we
had a wooden stick okay ever that's only
happened to W look at her go I'm gonna
butcher go it's like oh it's so
beautiful outside it's like the first
time and forever that it's been sunny
it's just been raining like crazy I mean
the weather's been weird sometimes we
have like a little bit of Sun it's like
little overcast that other days it's
freezing and raining in today it's like
70 and sunny and gorgeous and your
insurance everyone say Charles are where
the same pants shorts all the time I
can't see your head cuz it's sunlight
oh stop it stop it I will punch you in
the face poop paper and get some poop
paper so many options do you want the
quilted northern or the Charmin ultra
soft I think we live in publix we're
always with angel Sam we are like the
biggest endorsement of publix ever and
then the bounty man they got rid of the
bounty man yeah he's gonna kill this
there is a brawny man I could totally I
could take them I'm more handsome right
I'm more handsome than brawny man wait
all right yep green wide greenwise took
the paper not to be completely immature
every time every time I'm walking around
with like toilet paper in my hand or I
see somebody walking with the other
paper I'm just like an odd and I just go
yeah I know what you're doing later okay
so I'd be careful with this and that's
why you should all those like that's why
you shouldn't play with guns kids oh my
gosh I've got my snow I tried to make
snow and now it's just a block of ice I
don't remember I'm an idiot alright so
here you go take to hear be good be good
Marley you don't like guns a lot of you
guys have been asking about the whole
space shuttle launch I am planning on
going and right now it's scheduled for
the twenty-fourth of februari but I just
got another email saying it might be
pushed back again so I'm not really even
sure if this thing is going to ever
happen but I'm making every attempt to
to film it if it does just wanted to
give you guys quick heads up that's
funny I wonder three actually is even a
spaceship like if it's actually really I
know you were making fun of me were you
I'll just dancing look at the highs
eyeball wait what color are your eyes
how many colors can you guys count don't
blink staring contest go
see what you did
it's coming hardly wait
where's the ESX ego
giddy with y'all trippin
yes with chakra be an ally
you
