CTFxC for the win yeah okay hi I'm Conan
O'Brien and I'm being asked at gunpoint
to say some teen FXI for the win I don't
know what that means
god bless hey guys good morning
oh no look at you is like it a little
fluffball
hey mommy look at me what she just six
yeah so that the doc can smell it but
that's like the meanest thing ever you
really are like so adamant about that
that you won't look you can see me
filming it's just been a but smelling
fast food you know as funny as they put
fire hydrants here like we had talked
about this about why dogs like fire
hydrants did we did we get an answer
they really do love them and I don't
know what it is I'm not sure like what
about it's funny because they put them
in every dog park like I've every dog
hook up into they have a fire hydrant
and it is really funny dogs they love
them know what I think it is is just
like just like I'm marking well I think
it's like you know like in the city
that's like the only thing for them to
pee on other than trees yeah I think it
was stereotyped like cartoons yeah it's
possible
and I think I just like where it came
from for the rest of the day we're gonna
try something different every time we
switch the camera we're just going to
throw it to each other so is this gonna
be throwing you guys back and forth
right Ally for today and hopefully we
don't end up with no vlog because we
break the camera it'll be interesting I
don't think it's has ever been done on
the Internet so we're good what if I hit
you in the face of it I mean it'd be
funny in the video but I feel bad but
what are we gonna do like I wanted to go
to the mall and then that I'm gonna be
throwing it over concrete no yours
really this is it
how does throw it say hey so I'm just at
vlogging at the mall here get her get
her
watch Ally she doesn't know how to throw
a frisbee come on show them watch our
throw a frisbee she's peeing get away
from come on throw frisbee
that was better that was still pretty
bad wait where'd I go she's making
friends with people ah she go by herself
hey buddy I know I made a friend sorry
don't get jealous
hi buddy we just came back from running
some errands and it's past six o'clock
so every time really she's pretending
okay so she's at six o'clock
Zoey freaks out because their internal
clock is like give me frickin boom so we
walk in the door and I went over here
and I look down and this thing this is
where their food is right was open like
this
destroyed destroyed and then Marley was
hiding in the corner looks like Marley
was trying to help Zoey
yeah you were trying to help her it's so
funny though
pretty smart the good news is if we ever
get to the you know feed the dogs and
for some reason we're out of town they
know how to get their own foods no more
opening that we got to go finish some
errands no world things I can't believe
she did that that's actually really kind
of clever Marley every single day you're
always coming up with something new
aren't you
let's get you a balloon I love let's get
you the sale balloon for our Valentine's
this is what we're doing for Valentine's
Day we're gonna make each other some
delicious food so she's making me fresh
stuffed shells and I'm gonna make her
favorite food
how you say it's been a spanakopita
opening spanakopita it's a Greek Spanish
pie so that's how it that's what we're
doing
I gotta get parsley this is funny
because this is the stuff that's always
on side of like fancy Italian food that
you never eat plate look I got you some
I got you some parsley
one bunch literally says one bunch I
don't how much is a bunch like 12 three
what that will classify this a bunch
with my hair with my hair back and forth
in the grocery store what is up with
girls in Milano cookies I think every
girl in the world likes Milano cookies
it's like Milano is just like girls here
you go oh my gosh I want an alien in the
pot of goo look it's Lady Gaga going to
the Grammys we're looking for a thing
called filos pillow
filo dough nope no go filo dough so what
are you gonna make me mmm I get stuffed
shells
you already got that sauce oh that's how
we roll we go through that much pizza
sauce that's how we roll got a drift you
got a drift come on
by item whatever got to be throwing the
camera to you I catch my dinner is going
to be a totally gonna put a pony or
present dinner my presence my frozen
dinners gonna be toilet owning my
present dinner is gonna win for yourself
truth comes out geez look at that I'm
being all sweet making your favorite
foods in the world those milk chocolate
almonds I'm sneaky sneaky buzz I just
looked at the receipt hmm there's Zoey
and Marley's tasty Valentine's Day
dinner they never get wet food because I
heard it was really bad for their teeth
so every once in a while we'll do it for
a special occasion and that is not your
Zoey
oh that one's yours okay okay this is
paper rock scissors for the workspace
because since we live in the department
we don't have very much work space one
of one and no tornado or anything like
that
nothing like that paper rock scissors
shoot fine you get that workspace I'm
making Ali's favorite food
it's called spinach I don't even say it
all right spin Akopian
copa de it's been a Copa de right what
are you saying spanakopita
you said Spanish Copa Spanish code this
is the Spanish go PITA damn it that's
what she ate at the Greek Festival the
other day it's like one of our favorite
food we've never made it see what Sousou
is better you which one do you think
would be better at mine yours yeah we
delicious this is how you celebrate
Valentine's Day you have a competition a
cook-off you're gonna be Emeril Lagasse
and I'm gonna be Eleazar who's that yang
can't cook you remember Yan can cook
yeah
and code oh my god I'm chef Elsa looks
like this oh yeah yeah I'm cooking
guys's that folder do you want to say
yank uncooked one more time say Yin can
cook ten times fast that's Ally's recipe
if you guys want
dramatic music while we cook some food
dramatic music this is epic music my
spinach is overflowing I gotta watch it
so it doesn't cause a fire cook spinach
and fire equals explosions you're
certain any man well mr. Tyrol baby
Oh Ally's ball in subshells right next
to must be in its to keep it company I
don't know what I'm saying anymore this
is how you this is how you just
celebrated Valentine's guys you don't
need to go spend a bazillion dollars you
spend it with your loved ones you are
not using my utensil look our stove is
turning into the Hulk
oh it's exploding again gotta play with
the cheese you got a whip
I didn't you gotta throw the camera -
you ready one two three
I'm not gonna do that
I know she would have dropped you again
just passed out so a lot of you guys
might be wondering why was Conan O'Brien
at the beginning of a CTFxC vlog oh you
know this cut and I were just you know
we're tight we video chat we FaceTime
all the time
no but seriously you know the guys with
terabrite Sabrina and DJ the ones who do
are outro you know the punk emo hardcore
post hardcore the the intro but I mean
the out which is actually the outro the
song at the end if you didn't know I
mentioned on Twitter they were on Conan
O'Brien last night so I text message DJ
and I was like dude if you can make
Conan O'Brien say CTFxC for the win I
will love you forever
- sorry Ally but I will love you both
here here's the full thing actually if
you want to go see the full thing the
links in the sub bar he also shouts out
he's got some gang signs for Blair
bright or aka terabrite their vlog
channels so check that out in the sub
bar Thank You mr. Conan O'Brien that was
really cool of you and if you want me an
ally and Zoe Marlee to come on the show
one time we can do stupid pet tricks or
that Leno well we could take it we could
steal it because he stole your spot
anyway so we'll do that mmm well was
that Letterman I got it all confused
are you stuffed in those shells he's
stuffing them stuff from bed
I'm stuffing I'm stuffing them bed they
have him stuffing them Stefon embed
alley beat me so far mine takes too long
I was like not even I'm still waiting
crying could you love me so much I feel
like Joe Satriani up onion touch like
John likes such a badass it's like you
know it's for the extreme cheese that
I'm getting right now chopping chopping
chopping chopping check this out this is
what I was talking about with phyllo
dough it's like for those people who
don't know what it is it's like paper
it's so thin this is dough I could eat
this right now we have enough so I can
just eat this and demonstrate
whoa it dissolves it dissolves in your
mouth that's crazy
that this is the bad thing about cooking
so I had to I too much spinach so you
know what I did I just made I balled
them up and we're gonna make ricotta
cheese I don't know what that's gonna be
any good but it might be but now are you
like wasted I swear I know I'm not drunk
I just I just I like making fluid no but
you're eyes are like I like making food
that's how I always look at the Jim
Breuer effect my last name is trippy
give me a brick the fan right go I
totally failed some champagne break the
bottle and the glass this in one go guy
showed me up with a red oh yeah I like
mine better mood would you like some
sure that that'll be all that'll be long
I can just leave the bottle are you I
didn't you like mine better right mine
looks a lot cooler
alright Ally's masterpiece deliciousness
- mine still cooking because you know
first is the worst and then second is
the best it was hard
Oh Holly and I were just watching the
the clip where terabrite cent of Conan
O'Brien
you know the awesome clip you know that
that amazing intro that we just had of
this video of Conan O'Brien saying CTFxC
for the win
well actually he said see DMX I for the
win but at the end he says he doesn't
know what that means so if you guys have
a Twitter account just @reply Conan
O'Brien and just say CTFxC for the win
means Charles Trippy friend Corps for
the win it's right here on the screen so
it's all a trip like Conan O'Brien
and I just you know so that way he knows
you know what I mean he asked cocoa in
the know it's about 1050 I want to jump
to shower and I'm gonna watch terabrite
on the Conan O'Brien yeah I was just I
was gonna see if anyone notice that
that's so sexy honey is so sexy yeah I
know terabrite so that was pretty cool I
I'm pretty I'm pretty happy for those
guys that is really cool that they got
to be on there hope you guys had a good
February 14th
you know if you didn't have a Valentine
screw it you're hanging out with the
CTFxC so you know that's that's
something so tell me what you guys did
let me know in the comments and also
also tell me which which food looked
more delicious was it my spinach Coppola
no spanakopita alright it was the
Spanish go PITA
or is it Ali stuff stuffed shells Ali's
apparently Hugh Hefner all of a sudden I
hope you guys had a good day and we will
see you tomorrow
what are we doing oh no he's just
starting a fire no big deal see you guys
tomorrow
psst
giddy with child tripping
we're easy
