she smacked it so hard it almost took in
the face did you punch her in the face
hey going buzzing cat food it's far away
that cat has a complex you need your
Catholic look at her she's like watching
marley she says my food was so pissed
standoff who will win done sentient and
smell she's trying to get close to you
like smelly cat yeah Zoey wins you tour
we also went to your new tour but you
wouldn't know that because she hasn't
uploaded her video computers broke and I
had to fix a computer but yeah she went
to you tour so eventually we'll get that
up there for so we are at the greek
festival but we're like what exactly is
this is this like the one we did in
tallahassee it's just food and drinking
and dancing know what in dancing in a
car we can win a car what kind of car
it's a Cadillac SUV it's like that's an
old it's like an old person kidding will
you got all the rappers like that thing
in a Cadillac SUV like an Escalade
they have like all the way back I take
that back Oh ladies your cars just like
our SUV Tyson hair everywhere I
apologize I just offended everybody or
apparently now everyone left great oh
did she just drive into the bushes
watching the but that can't run my
special thing what you're gonna do with
the head of the way she's either gonna
slack the cameras lakme goofball watch
the car we're gonna we're gonna win a
kick at SUV or is it like 100,000 you
think you to choose when you would car
good job jump the cone Elsa jump the
cone Chuck Norris would be proud this is
one of the car we can win let's look at
that oh but it was the thing is I go
straight to the miles per gallon I'm
such an old man only it's like worst of
my car you're not complaining about this
that's how much you waiting for 45
thousand five thousand dollars I don't
know guys if we won which one should we
go for the car or the SUV this one looks
like my car
go gyro I get some gyros
hey getting
are you hearing
what
what
don't turn up your volume
what do you have
baklava and what do I have I don't know
custard car what is it custard cops okay
so they I'm really not trying to be
funny the great culture I don't know how
to pronounce the word at my feet cool
but like it says custard and chocolate
cock can you sign over there ok ok looks
funny those there's a lot of high
schoolers here and they keep saying it
to each other so hey you want some
chocolate cock like to every one of them
we'd always forget a big chocolate talk
no it's like the little candy yeah are
they called sweet tarts yeah what have
we come to everything says tweet me now
that's funny I really want to get this
for just in a while that's pretty funny
I totally want to get this i want to do
it like making new internet killed
television intro and like smash it or
something like five bucks right the
glass we have a sledgehammer me to go
sledgehammer act now that is a purple
vehicle it looks like an easter egg so
how is the greek festival oh but i
really wanted you to go gee I know so
we're talking we're discussing I'm no
betting you guys are experts in the
field of 10th century tempting 10 it was
a cool 10 dentistry I already view 10
tests anyway okay so if anyone's an
expert in the field of Dentistry how
much would a tent like that cost that is
like those are nice huge
he's crazy and I'm really zoomed in so
it's like looks even more huge but it's
so trying yeah my bad jokes about the
pastry cop I got my page who's Mickey go
oh look how soon did I am that was a
major fail I was probably like I'm
probably in my nose up on can you just
see my leg I had probably won't even
bigger up close no ID have a big head
trippy Head Mistress Charles to do a lot
of a grain lot of brains I rimmel told
iOS you Charles alike get a big head
what's in there in the rain yeah general
generally just a lot of brains lots of
brains I just more than one brain more
than one so I'm just driving around
sarasota and i thought i'd show you guys
a little mini tour of some of my fur I
don't know if you get as you can see me
some of the first places I ever worked
like my first jobs there's a place up
here it's by a who yeah you can see we
have their hooters oh yeah I totally
worked at a music shop and I think it's
yeah well there's yeah it's all gone now
yep it's a hood well I didn't work at
Hooters have you guys ever done that
like this is talking to the older
viewers like gone back to where you grew
up or the area you grew up um and just
kind of like drove around just to see
how much has changed like all this area
like this is this is Bradenton and it's
actually this 80 mg store was my very
first job I used to work on that corner
used to work that corner used to work
that strip right there and as an AT&T
store but but you know what I mean like
just going back Oh actually really funny
back when i was doing videos before
YouTube there's this up this prom store
this pornstar store right over here in
the corner and we used to do kind of
like when Jack actually with a CKY
before jackass like the CKY videos we
used to do like stupid pranks we would
do the shopping cart stuff over back
here we would push each other and
shopping carts and I put I this is
before cameras were tiny I duct tape a
giant camera to my head and I tried to
go in
side that store and I was like 15 or 16
because I could drive and that didn't
like immediately like solved from the
outside and kicked me right out but like
it's really funny coming back and just
seeing how different everything is you
only mean like it's just crazy but it's
kind of it series because some things
are exactly the same oh my god I got to
show you guys something I gotta show you
guys something okay have you guys ever
seen the movie waiting you know the
movie with ryan reynolds and all those
other guys can't think of anyone off my
head anyway the guy who wrote it
directed it went to mcc Manta Community
College and it used to be as a Denny's
now ok serious building right here it's
a Denny's right now but this used to be
a Bennigan's and this is actually the
restaurant we're waiting is based off of
it would be this building right here
right there in front of toys r us isn't
that kind of crazy so all that crazy
stuff I'm sure that was kind of
exaggerated but that's the building
right there I'm sightseeing you'll need
Hollywood you don't need Hollywood to
see Hollywood stuff BAM right there so
that's a fun little fun little little
nugget little gem on that right there
that place over there is where I got my
lip pierced I got my lip pierced for
about a week and then I took it out I
don't I don't think I did many videos
when I did that will do my voice is
crack a little Barisan Oh in that place
right there ah geez I keep missing it
that place Vanilla Ice played back in
the day
I'm trying to record it okay here's a
guy Kate and see it there's a person on
still you can see do that really tall
person
gonna flip cam
what's your name my name is Jerry
totally gone right now it's not really
me you should talk to Skrillex this is
Skrillex really your school your female
killer I'm ladies for the Jacka your
lady Skrillex yes look how fabulous we
are you're awesome to my youtube name is
peacock because wait i do youtube
vintage Crocker oh I like it Justin
speed is for the man my brother your
ally speed yeah oh alright guys it's
like four in the morning it's super late
um also I wanted to tell you remember I
was saying that there was a photo of
what i found it was like pet finder or
something at 500 years ago the photo I
saw of Zoey her very first photo that
made me want to get her I found it i
also found Marley's first trip to the
park so we'll go out with a cheap dis
factor so here's always first photo that
i found on a pet finder website and
Marley's first trip to the park our
first photo at the park look at her ears
they're like receptors
