so free guys though don't freak out
don't freak out do it good morning
everyone
we're still in the road we kind of took
a little pit stop at a rest area this
fell asleep for like two or three hours
which was good because I was passing out
and it's never safe to drive tired we
are in Alabama in the Cairo rest area so
we got the dog food all situated so they
can go eat every morning Zoey and
Marley's clock their internal clock kind
of goes off I actually forgot what time
it was and then Marley starts whimpering
that's all I know
come on though you're the good one he's
a good one
he's still hungry that's that's she was
lost she'd be the one to provide the
most or she wouldn't eat everything and
turn right on home injury on all three
oh my god
glorious good morning Internet he said
that he's a glorious good morning
I know you don't think Lawrence good
morning I'm the only with my children I
said good morning bye good luck okay let
me ask you this Internet what seems were
welcoming good morning Internet or
glorious come on internet and which
one's more I'm dr. lobbyists good
morning Internet so here's the deal I
don't know if you get that I'm not a
professional we're still not there
so we need to have stopping for safety
reasons we stop and go left in a parking
lot
yeah we yeah uh-oh they told powers like
the dogs go poof oh I was going to back
then
let's be there for half hours if we've
been taking a lot of stuff
the Ducks have had to clean many times
we've had to be many times but I that's
one thing I'd recommend Charlie we're
talking bo-zone last night he was like
oh I strive to and I asked making a
higher incidence almost forced to drive
in here a little bit groggy it was okay
I think the dogs be addressed and like
the comments of card helps in salute to
accept all I heard was semi driving I
barely slept last night but we're now
bana are you ready for it
they are single
it's the thinking oh man I'm real tired
it's actually surprising constable
month I've seen all right oh my
battery's not was dead again changes out
I'd say it's been really nice and
driving bitterly nice figures North
Carolina we're doing all the way high
I am certainly under estimating this
drive
when I saw 12 hours ago you know that's
not bad we can leave it you know 12
we'll get there at 12 or leave there at
4:00 we'll get there for EM I forgot pit
stops and traveling with three months
I'd like to take poops everywhere
awesome
now I got to go deal with that yeah we
got to get out of here
I've been scared
this is a giant I think know what that
is but it's kind of like a Egyptian
really I can't wait to see the job we're
walking in Bevers why can't men care yes
turn it okay so the guy you're going
cool man it's a madman they're actually
we're trying to right now we're trying
to find our air baby I love it when it's
like older architecture I don't think
I've ever been common for people to
church thing tonight they're actually
they have a concert in the park all
right so we go through that and
traveling with these guys is so far just
hi to see you guys so you can carry it
yeah yeah
well there's a family that was wounded
he had ever been
this is sweet it's perfect nice little
condo make your way around to better
understand a hotel that's sure I didn't
mean make yourself at home literally so
he's already checking out the cash she's
like loaders were armed with a stick
seriously everyone is getting all cozy
Marley is making her little burrow those
got his dragon Zoey's just standing on
guard make you sure we don't leave we're
gonna go get some stuff for you guys and
then we're gonna go to over to target oh
yes feels like home
kicking everything's all toys and
everything I'm actually really excited
my only experience with Memphis has been
Graceland so I'm really really excited
to go check some things out oh it's all
right there do you like the bus no no no
I
okay feeling risky
your feet Oh for heaven's sake Dimon's
you know so far no Memphis trick
I believe that's Walgreens dress that's
the coolest street love it Marley look
at this you already found the Memphis
squirrel they're all plump for the
winter you probably can catch these ones
mark take how long its tail is and
they're red the redhead selfie these
houses are freaking massive are you
doing Charles with this tunneling from
wife and husband tell ya there will be
two photographs of snow greatest razors
to come you're not a robot
trying something new looks like you're
like guiding Santa's sleigh or they're
your horses come on such like a peaceful
little getaway in the middle of Memphis
that honest really I would never think
would be here only but I guess I'm
getting bit up by mosquitos if you just
love to eat me first official but my
first official mosquito bite I'm used to
it by now somebody lost my ice cream
that's very very sad sad ice cream come
I feel like we are so lucky first off to
be here but like to get to explore like
these really cool places that we never
knew existed we're more in the downtown
area and I thought just like brick
building than you have if I give little
random parks everywhere but this is a
huge huge Park Zoo that way there's an
aquarium there's this other place that
we're going to tonight to go see a
concert it's just beautiful
I'm blown away why are they coming after
me why is he coming at me I don't like
this let me see your bug bite her name
is Bernadette that happened where else
did it happen Hawaii everywhere these
are getting ready for the concert
tonight my new goal is to get an awesome
photos one of these salamanders reflux
they're like lizard snakes got three
little sled dogs Marley you're drunk go
home place is gorgeous though I love it
I know Ali's already said that's so cool
like 42 times but honestly this is
actually really cool better to get it
awesome photo of me that's because I
only take awesome photos babe I'm just
naturally a good model just closing I'm
just gonna posed you guys going to get
in the video I or the still video the
single frame of a video Florida doesn't
have this kind of stuff because it's all
flat we'd have shrubs and palm trees and
fern I know if you guys can see the
lightning bug I know he even shows up in
the camera he's like a little beaker
dance still cool now that's a party
Thanksgiving table right there
you're gonna wander off I had to show
you guys this we were talking to the
ladies we were walking apparently two
weeks ago they had a Sun was so big it
was like a hundred plus miles per hour
which is like hurricane weather in
Florida but it knocked this tree down
into the dog park I don't know if you
guys can see I'm
is that three is it just routed
everything that's incredible
this is blowing my mind look at that
just keeps going I'm sorry this is just
blowing my mind right now it's a
completely healthy tree for dog park
let's get out here
don't freak out don't freak out don't
freak out do it you're getting too tired
we're trying to help you see you are
like this is crap come on
so Zoe it's a little too intense of a
walk where it's a huge part we got her
some water and she was getting a little
too tired so instead of making her
strain herself too much Charles decided
under carrier and she is just not used
to it where maybe she's getting you
through it now you look a little bit
more calm I'll have you seen nozzle
strong she's like - OH
I don't know is a Google lemon shell and
if I tell you everything probably
telling the blog and cool cuz everyone's
it comes out as a couple drink and
person's got a champagne who would be
right there like wine I'm like oh by the
way we walk together I finally got this
thing and I'm probably safe for my
thighs are
wait forever days without you from the
system
yes we do appreciate the amazing award
the real effective flaming spoon
this is pudding it sounds like really
crazy of data but if you find something
you can actually play it really well now
it's on my dad knows better plays a
washboard it down so it's really kind of
weird but if you relatively knows how to
really do it it's actually pretty
impressive I've never been real
improvement
I
after you after you
Darla's that so day one of dementia
strips has concluded first off I gotta
say it's nice to be out of the car
second off kind of being kind of nice to
kind of start this adventure tomorrow I
think we're going to go do like
declining in like ropes courses or
something like that yeah and then
definitely Beale Street guys be real
dream forever it's so fun so far
the concert was all from the heart I
mean we did you watch the neighborhood
who is nice to do something chill
because Lewis Carper I think I check
your trip on trip ometer I don't see the
same amount of like 2000 you got a party
but doll baby goes well yeah it took us
like so long to get here so it's gonna
be kind of nice to take it a give you
tonight I hope you guys enjoy studious
video and make sure to subscribe for the
rest of this adventure follower
Instagram or Twitter and all that stuff
so maybe we can like run into each other
so far we've met actually a couple
people in the cemetery called you last
night she loved the other thing you
always for watching and the creepy thank
you for watching please don't forget to
hit that like button
no but really thank you for watching
don't forget to hit that like button if
you're brand new or some type of hardy
gear good night I definitely wasn't
pointing to your boob
okay
