we're going to my favorite place it's a
beautiful day in Florida so why don't
you enjoy the vlog and don't forget to
click like doll that was gonna land
greetings all use CTFxC s just imagine
if you're not a CT of X here and this is
like your first vlog ever and you just
clicked on this video and that was the
first thing you saw you probably like
what the heck is going on with this guy
hi my name is Charles and I do I make
videos on the interwebs and you guys are
part of the CTFxC yep welcome to my
crazy world I think when any another one
of those tubs oh I forgot to tell you
guys the the shirt the internet killed
television t-shirt that we had in a hot
topic that's sold out I think that there
be in stores again as of today I said
yesterday for you I'm watching Friday so
I think there's actually being a lot
more stores to supply and also fingers
crossed there might be a new t-shirt in
a hot topic so that means we might be
able to do another little contest for
the buttons and stuff I'll let you know
I just got notification about that the
other day so we'll see if that actually
goes through who knows it might not but
right now I'm trying to get all this
stuff packed it was really funny coming
to the post office really early nothing
but older people come like like like
seniors and they always look at me very
strangely when I'm vlogging and talking
to a camera one thing I have noticed
that is like people in their seventies
not everybody but like generally can be
quite rude they just like but in front
of you like I was standing in line and
the old person just goes and just like
shuffled didn't even walk you know like
an old person shuffle and kind of like
it's like one of these you know I mean
just did one of those and just went
right in front of me but you know you
can't get mad because I mean the old
people they're like you know what I mean
that cute old people you can't get mad
at them anyway I got in line just you
don't actually think about it when I'm
going to be an old person I think
I'm gonna be the person that choices
like get in trouble all the time and
just just to see if somebody will get
mad at me you know I'm just gonna be one
of those rambunctious I'm gonna be
exactly what I was like when I was a kid
and if you talk to my parents I was a
good kid but I got in trouble a lot but
not stupid like violent in trouble like
I got in trouble doing like silly goofy
stupid stuff and I think that's exact I
think you cuz you when you get older you
kind of like you grow up and then you
grow back down you start off in diapers
and you end up in diapers
you know what I mean Oh guys okay
there's about three three days almost
four days left and I just checked the
just dance competition and mr. asthmatic
waiter himself is so catching up we are
only like oh my gosh we're only like
1,300 ahead so if you haven't voted for
us the CTFxC make sure to go to the link
below in the sub are and vote if we
don't win we can't give away anything
from Just Dance so if we win then I'm
able to give you guys stuff so I won't
want to win I want to go to give you
guys a bunch of free stuff so make sure
to make sure to vote because we can't
let mr. wheezy way to win come on CTFxC
we can do this we can do this I gotta
finish packing before Ella gets home
we're going we're gonna go to a Greek
Festival there's this big Greek Festival
down south and we might go to the
there's like a giant Fair somewhere I
can't remember it was but I thought it'd
be really cool to put the GoPro on my
head and go on those really crappy rides
so I'm trying to panic and get things
done
wait a minute what is this okay Oh snow
from New York IRA God I tried to bring
home snow needless to say it's no longer
snow you guys want some authentic New
York snow uh-huh
pie tastes delicious like sewer just
kidding guys I'm not that stupid
this is totally just water but I ran out
of a cup and had only a ziploc bag
when I was younger I used to go to but
my family and I used to make road trips
to New York all the time like every
summer and every other winner and every
single time I would do that I would put
snow in a bag and I would try to bring
it home and for some reason I don't know
why my five-year-old brain couldn't
figure out what happened to the snow
when I got back to Florida yeah hey come
on you gotta be honest have you ever
done that have you ever done something
so silly like that when thinking back
when you're older like what were you
thinking did you ever put pack snow and
try to bring it home come on be honest
be honest I know a lot of you northern
people probably tried it I got an idea
let's make some more snow there we go
put you back you can hang out with the
frozen chicken I looked over I was like
what who's the gremlin a little tiny dog
looks like Marley a midget Marley okay
guys seriously get away from my car or I
will bite you in the face seriously for
real turn that camera off this better
not go on YouTube traffic traffic we are
in tube traffic traffic traffic we are
in some traffic traffic sucks traffic
sucks
looking through a lot of the comments
right now trying to find the most
thumbed up video if you didn't know
we're having a Anti Valentine's Day on
the last video if you have no idea what
I'm talking about
go watch yesterday's video it's like
anti Valentine's or Valentine's Day
sucks or is lame go watch it we're doing
an anti Valentine's Day and the cool
thing about this contest is that you
guys get to decide who is the the who's
gonna win because you guys have to thumb
up the comment so if you didn't know
about that go go check it out go mosey
on over let's get that all over there
and you can go check out that we have a
lot of contests going on see I promised
you guys more contests and I get my word
we have one more coming up at the end of
the month and this one's a doozy
and I said doozy I just said the one
doozy did not I could oh my god
you know the slow song after 30 the
first dance we're thinking of songs so
if you guys have any ideas for slow
songs yeah we're both like
yes seriously so we're trying to think
of exciting was yours
i problem is I have such a hard time
finding this out because I just listen
to like skate punk or heavy metal or
email post hardcore slash you know
thrash metal that's all I listen to
denied so I don't really listen to the
hard beam op do op yeah a little bit of
do off and they were the freshmen so
we're gonna we're not gonna leave it up
to you guys because you guys I'm not I'm
afraid of what you're gonna come up with
but if you come up with any ideas for
slow songs forest and songs tell us in
the comments ok the Aggies are crying
and it's also about like breakups yeah I
don't have our first dance together as a
couple to a breakup song yeah pretty
much like all slow songs are like that
like this
Oh
it's like that
that was my skills my DJ skills I'm
downloading the Skrillex album and I got
that that DJ app you know that's on the
I've the iPad commercials so I'm gonna
I'm going to I'm going to scratch I'm
going to do my scratching skills for you
guys in a second so get excited it's
taking forever to download you're ready
for that I rip it rip everything else in
the house
where what happened
look at Zoe she couldn't stand it she
went underneath the chair
Skrillex I'm so sorry but if you want to
hire me
sorry about that guys but we're not done
I'll stop the stop ruining of every song
DJ trippy in the house
this is why this is why I have to drive
because if I don't drive I just enjoy
people in the car
but I'm sorry I had to try my DJ skills
I think I'll stick with the Internet can
you guys see the smudge marks on the
iPad where I was scratching up a storm
what is this called that along a wall
this is the wall at new college there's
lots and lots of people
I don't know anybody but I look at
alleyway which is over here look at Alli
she's bringing sandwiches to a bunch of
people so of course that's gonna make
everyone happy
well let's just go back to your text
message we are over here follow my phone
children Oh
