staring contest go
oh I win
Darren contest go
I think you won I think you are good job
innovation at its finest well you when
you can't have sit down and have a bowl
of cereal put it in the cup and then
it's portable good job
go get it
frisbee golf that's my troll one ok see
it sees my troll frisbee golf
all right Jeff Hawking third guys ready
hey that's a pretty good throw look it
she's like whoa remote-controlled car
back out here to remember that last year
I know she loves this field
guess what Varley and the guy see if you
can hit me close not even close actually
what we're it out
the problem is Marley is so tiny she
just like disappears in the cleaned up
Duke her out Oh get in there come on up
now you have to learn to turn the alarm
off so since I've been on that whole
health food kick I just made the most
epic epic lunch ever you ready for this
it's gonna be jealous old I'm gonna be
jealous ready look at that we got some
guacamole
we got some cucumber we got some green
pepper we got some tomato we got some
spinach oh you know you're envious you
know that looks delicious so have to get
dog food and Ally's not living she's
like don't get any toys so immediately
I'm totally getting where I want to be
and we'll get we'll get Zoe a little
frog what's up dude oh my god it gives
me the creeps
so I have to go get the dog some food
and yeah Ali said no more toys but I saw
this it's it's it's it's definitely a
Zoey toy right and then of course of
course had to give Marley her favorite
toy okay yeah actually uh actually it's
not my fault the robot the robot ran it
over and ruined it so I felt bad I can
only imagine what its gonna be like when
I had kids
it's like daddy can I please have that
okay you guys ready
you got the kelpie ears get that Cup
actually you guys were saying I think
most of you guys were saying yesterday
in the comments
the Zoey looks more like a hunt away and
I guess those ears are really showing
okay ready nope this isn't fair you know
you get the frog no you get the Frog
there we go and you get this Marley look
Mike you're welcome you brat
good-for-nothing drug brother all right
but it's a furry furry frog I don't know
if we can hear what Marley got no no
actually somebody in the comments says
that we should give them all to like
shelters
there's no throwing em away good idea
you guys are smart
always thinking oh you want this okay
so unbelievable this is like the only
toy she likes ready yeah and we'll be
hearing that for the rest of the vlog so
guys let's talk I want I want to talk
about something my my favorite holiday
in the world is coming up in a couple
days isn't it honey
my favorite holiday
yes Valentine's Day last year remember I
had the whole anti Valentine's Day
movement in the vlogs well this year is
no exception you know what the thing is
the thing about Valentine's Day in my
opinion is that there's so much emphasis
and so much I don't know there's so much
focus on like showing that special
person the one day one day out of the
entire year that you like you like them
you love them you appreciate them you
know what I mean but in my opinion what
I don't like about Valentine's Day is it
should be every day you only mean every
single day okay so men who cares Maya
here's my take on it men's day that's
again what you always is because women
know that it definitely doesn't happen
every day so they just want one day of
the year word okay but what about
singles what about people who don't have
a special somebody Hanukkah doesn't suck
so this year no no I'm sticking sticking
to you know just because you don't
celebrate it doesn't make it stupid no
I'm saying it's stupid because I show
you that I love you every day and not
just on February 14th that's exactly it
see not only not only is it just like
focus on one day but it's like the
pressure there's so much pressure on
guys you know what I mean like there's
not the equal amount of pressure on
girls that for them to do something for
the guys you know what I mean I'm
addressing now everyone else that's not
in a really oh she's only likes your new
toy okay everyone is dead woman no
there's plenty a lot of women that don't
like Valentine's Day anyway I'm
digressing completely we are going to do
a nice little contest because Virgin
Mobile is gonna be sponsoring this for
us they have this cool little app it's
called right here it's called the
Valentine's Day unlike button so
basically you can like what is this it's
so funny I was reading it you can change
your status to single and ready to
mingle
totally open and sans ball and chain so
what we're gonna do is I want you guys
to go over and it's kind of ironic you
have to like their app and then hit the
dislike button and then after you do
that come back over here and in the
comments I'm going to leave this one up
to you guys in the comments tell me your
worst Valentine's Day story or explain
you know or if you don't have a worst
Valentine's Day story tell us why you
don't like Valentine's Day we're gonna
choose the winner
by you guys choosing it so you guys know
whoever has the most thumbs up comments
three of the most thumbs up creative or
original or just funny stories chosen by
you guys we'll send you guys
and some stickers and like little CTFxC
prize package of your choice this is
kind of our our sticks ticket to the
Valentine's Day Cupid dude yeah you're
such a pothead funny things all the time
I do I love you every single day of the
year since we promised you guys more you
know chances to win free things we
thought this would be a pretty funny way
to stick it to Cupid stupid Cupid we
turn to arrows on him so just that's a
song yeah that's so everything is that's
gonna be our theme song now yeah so
click the link in the sub bar check out
the page use the unlike button change
your status and then come back over here
and tell us why do you hate valentines
day
and then all the other CTF X years you
guys decide which is the best one in
your opinion just thumb up the comments
as you like the most and the top 3 will
win and this see the side this way you
guys don't say oh that's unfair mine was
better you have to convince all the
other CTFxC r--'s
mmm so good luck guys oh oh oh oh man
you know what I just remembered
remember that with the gummy bear in the
freezer yesterday frozen gummy bear oh
my gosh hold it try to bite it now I
don't know I never frozen giant gummy
bear that was 5 pounds Vincent birch oh
by the way guys the the merch store has
been open for the
couple days imma grab that I forgot to
mention that to you but um oh that was
my foot oh
yeah it was just my foot get out what
Abed
I'll see you guys tomorrow
