hey guys what's going on my name's Zoe
welcome to the vlog today is the day I
attempt to eat the world this is
seriously the world's largest gummy bear
world largest remember that at one time
like the first the first vlogs one of
the first vlogs we had we say the
world's largest W bear no this one's
definitely the one dwarfs it alright I
really I'm starting to lose my mind as
far as the fact that Florida is so it's
so strange Florida is so weird
yesterday raining today beautiful
the day before raining the day before
that beautiful it's alternating Florida
is so strange you only stay goofy in the
car so we've kind of figured out what's
causing them now it's basically we think
like stress like because she had exams
today like studying for exams
I think cuz every time an exam comes
like every time it's exam time there
comes a migraine so I think we've kind
of pinpoint it every time we talked
about migraines there's always somebody
in the comments that you know hasn't
gone through it right so they're like I
don't get it it's just like a headache
but then he gets you're so funny cuz
you're like no no it's not like a
migraine it's like if you were to take
your brain out of your head and then
somebody stomped on it then put it back
on ice and then closed your brain that's
what a migraine is I've never had him
but that's kind of what she uses to
describe him I was playing a little game
who can come up with the most
descriptive vivid explanation of a
migraine in the comments for those who
don't don't really know what that feels
like
the dogs want to go chase a squirrel
let's go is that right hey and get
Marley oh sorry
lines up for the kick get Zoey and oh
sweet toilet meant to do that totally
meant to do that looking for squirrels
so I think a couple of you guys actually
were telling us what kind of breed Zoey
is like between a Australian Kelpie and
in New Zealand hunt away is that it goes
to and the thing is we were looking at
old photos of Zoey when she was really
tiny and I can't seriously tell the
difference so if you are some sort of a
KC breeder actually they're not even
recognized by the AKC don't exist I'm
gonna show you guys some photos of Zoey
when she was a puppy and then I'm gonna
show you a puppy of a both Australian
Kelpie and New Zealand hunt away and see
see which ones you guys think tell us in
the comments which one you think Zoey
looks like between the two breeds
because they are pretty much identical
that's Marley's new friend Marley made a
friend I can't believe this is actually
happening Marley made a friend it's it's
amazing I do I feel proud I guess proud
parents proud uncle and aunts cousins oh
and a lot of you guys have always asked
cuz you've seen a lot of puppies
pictures of puppies you seen a lot of
pictures of Zoey when she was a puppy
but oh we have a buddy hey what's going
on guys hey what's going on but anyway
so I was looking and I found some puppy
photos of Marley see the thing is
Marley's were on a hard drive that
crashed and they lost a lot of them so
without further ado here's um a couple I
don't know I like calling it Fame at now
I just like saying a dick anyway there's
two or three photos of Marley when she
was a puppy actually there's a few so
here's Marley as a puppy because you
guys have been asking and I wanted to
find them and I found them so here you
go
this comes with just pees on everything
the moment of truth I am going to try
the gummy bear the world's largest gummy
bear 1/2 thick you were expecting a 5
pound gummy there go really you're just
gonna nibble it there you go
good have an idea so how high collars
was this Oh
tastes like a red
not somebody I want a gummy bear
that's so how let me do it your blood I
got see if she'll even lick it look what
is no Marley tick is Marley you want to
have a little stick what's about don't
want it when a dog doesn't eat something
it really kind of tells you that you
probably shouldn't be eating either oh I
think I just like pulled a tooth out I
think I could survive all the thing if
you were to eat this whole thing and one
day do you think you would die you
probably if you had the poo everything
you tried poo like jelly like gummy poop
you would have gummy poop come on try it
one more time
no you can be like in a duel
what is your weapon of choice there I'll
take a sword I'll take a I'll take a gun
I'm just gonna have a 5 pound gummy bear
I don't just like beat somebody wet
let's put this baby in the freezer and
like that I need to tell you today today
I don't know what that is that is that
Irish is my jig like detector tape
I seriously want you look funny on the
dog like a little mean it looks like it
I don't know what it is put your face in
it yeah oh okay
and we're running second day in a row
you saw my eyes go like myself okay
these are the weirdest thing okay
honestly guys through the shake weights
actually work are there anybody out
there that actually uses it so weird so
I forgot to tell you guys in addition to
some of those old photos I found some
really old videos of like I think like
the second or third day I got Zoey again
unfortunately I'm really bums me out all
the videos of Marley except those little
tiny bits of photos that I showed you
we're all lost so actually I think some
of those early Marley videos could
actually be seen on the Charles Trippy
channel and like early skits and things
like that but I'm gonna show you guys
some I think it's like five or six Clips
just random stuff right just promise me
you won't make fun of the hair too much
you can make fun of it a little bit just
not too much
okay so here's some random random Zowie
puppy videos prepared as they are
haha
Oh
what are you doing what are you doing
