Yello punch buggy no punches back don't
worry I won't stir that again Jeff
Goldblum
Jeff Goldblum Jeff Goldblum look how big
those pizza boxes are
I say we order one of those pizzas next
have you ever ordered one of those
respective here there's my hand is like
that's Factory
maybe three and a half my hands two
heads
look it's all pink floyd's albums onto
people's back yeah we have to blur that
out a little bit
I love you guys butter
so we're awaiting the ORAC waiting
comedians room because they're mommy's
coming in town just for tile
you guys like that vacuuming and it's
awesome okay so Charles thinks that I
have too many shoes but there's a pile
of shoes on the ground because there's
not even enough space in all of those
racks to hold all Christian shoes so
Charles I don't have that many shoes
actually you just have a lot of sandals
but that makes sense cuz it's Florida
yeah yeah this is the weirdest error
I've ever seen on YouTube apparently my
video is now black and white I have no
idea what's going on I hope it wasn't
black and white for you guys this is so
strange I've never seen this happen
before and now look it's all in color
that was so strange
that's so weird I don't know I don't
know YouTube you surprise me sometimes
with your glitches sometimes are
probably pretty hilarious
Oh broke my iPhone I'm just kidding the
new jailbreak it came out today so I'm
of course being the nerdy nerd I am
totally jailbreaking my phone I love it
I love what oh oh oh I totally just
unplugged it that is not good oh it
didn't it didn't screw up it didn't
screw up green boys and that could have
been bad you were to see me cry I
wouldn't totally brick I've jailbroken
every one of my iPhones from the very
first one I've never had a problem like
what it's called bricking where
basically your iPhone just becomes a
brick useless base they usually the
useless brick but who that was that I
look scared when that happened did it
look like it was about to pee myself
can you tell Zoey likes that duck she
just walks around with it now and now we
wait it's a happy dumpster it's a sad
transformer
it's all clean we did so well very good
job although your vacuum is like crammed
in the Sun closet space it's like I had
a legs because she has too much stuff to
find' or even like little tiny claws the
door for the vacuum it's like it was
like stuck in there it took us like 20
minutes you know but it's clean now I
just gotta clean my own house cuz there
we go you can do it they're
investigating they love investigating
new houses Marley go clean bar they come
on clean up Marley's help cleaning up
she's cleaning up with a little vacuum
you got to give you a cone she's like
wait you guys don't vacuum back here I
can get there just follow the Marley cam
good cleaner is party ready she just
farted
I just had rules I think it's moving
yeah I did it something about ruling
disney rules the world i don't know i
put her like this so I flipped her over
like this for the first time it's okay
and really uncomfortable right now
poor baby
okay censor censor the vajayjay no not
oh you're doing you like dancing I was
like whoa whoa whoa whoa well that's my
job I get to be Simba
I was just going through the Jonas light
on I was just going through the mail and
I saw this box from this company was
like I'm just sitting I'm wondering what
it was because it was so freaking heavy
but this is from Alex al e que si nd er
Alexander I believe Alexander Oh anyway
just sent us the world's largest gummy
bear feel heavy that is oh I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go away let's go away alright
let's see how much this sucker ways what
it kept its gotta be more than a pound
oh I forgot I know how to use one of
these things okay four point six pounds
this gummy bears four point six
it's yeah I don't think so I'll either
yes it's just a giant gummy bear Wow
okay I want to read the nutritional
facts I have to do this I got to get the
calculator out there's 51 51 servings on
here 120 calories so we go 120 times 51
over night no 6000 120 calories Epic
Meal Time should use one of these than
their things and sugar so about a
hundred and about 104 grams of sugar
Wow that's one big-ass gummy bear that's
for sure
I'm trying to clean up the desk a little
bit and I was going through some discs
and I found a random one that one of you
guys sent I'll show you it was about
this guy I'll see where is he does this
guy so this is you I got your disc
finally and he did this cool little
magic trick and I wanted to show you
guys really quick okay two jokers and I
also have one ace and there are two
jokers and one ace of spades
now cops shot space goes in between the
two jokers and with a little bit of
measuring a little weight bet ace
respected a tough fingers if you put it
on the bottom there's a little snap back
on the property swing no this I suck at
math we'll be done with the Joker's the
thing is there are two of them so if one
goes in the middle it's no surprise that
one will always stay on top but here is
very far it even by a bar and one piece
you can never tell that there is just
the right amount of spam that's so cool
kudos man I used to like those those
Milton Bradley magic skits that you can
give like 16 dollars remember those was
like like one little tiny box and it
would did one little trick like you can
fake tight your finger off and stuff so
that was pretty cool was the CTFxC
custom magic trick okay guys so before I
go to bed you
we're asking about the garlic plant and
why I haven't used it okay so basically
what happened was because yesterday I
had the film the dancing moves the epic
dancing moves which by the way I think
we're still in first place so if you
want to vote down there if you haven't
we were able to film about three days of
the garlic plant and it looks so cool so
I'm what I think I'm gonna like try to
set it up again as close as I possibly
can but I don't know if I can so I'm
gonna give you without further adieu
adieu what are you laughing at I move I
keep it I keep it I try to keep
everything interesting from what you
don't let you see my face okay yeah what
was it was the name yeah yeah Jane Fonda
back in the eighties I think we've
digressed way too much what I was gonna
say was garlic yeah back to garlic so if
you guys have any other time lapse ideas
I know you guys may be you know we have
a lot of bamboo but the thing is wild
bamboo grows like a footage I put a day
this is a foot a day or something crazy
like that it's not gonna do it so I
don't know if you have any other
time-lapse ideas tell me in the comments
and I'll try to set it up but with that
further gee like I was saying earlier
it's really quick it's like four seconds
here's the garlic plant in four seconds
over four days or three days good I
guess I'll see you tomorrow
junk junk junk junk junk don't
interchange a garlic plant turn turn
turn turn turn turn turn turn turn a
plant
