dennah nananananananananananana Marley
Marley Marley the surfer dog good job
high five you know it's a really fun fun
game to play okay here you guys does
though it's called hide the cookie and
Ally's shirt okay more they look look
get your damn shirt oh go get attacker
go attackers get it Marley okay did your
shirt so yeah alright guys so here
here's something fun we're gonna be
doing we were we are now in a dance
battle we are now in a dance battle with
wheezy waiter and sexy Phil so it's
gonna be alli and i CTFxC army versus
those guys and we're going to be we're
gonna be using this game just dance to
and the object of the game is just to
look like an awesome person when dancing
which obviously our dancing skills are
going to win and then all you guys got
to do is vote for us and then if we win
the CTFxC army wins we'll be able to
give us a bunch of stuff to give away so
we're trying to figure out what outfit
you know would be best for this dance
battle so I'm trying to find some good
outfits I'm thinking maybe a headband
some short shorts but you know what I
don't know in short shorts I just own
long long stuff so what yes so fees okay
that's gonna be just kind of scary oh my
gosh you know what we should do we
should wear matching we should match I
don't think I could fit in those I don't
think okay that's what Ali's wearing
what do you think wear these I think
we're gonna win if I wear these I don't
think I can win enough see yet leg
warmers and high tops
look at that that's these are awesome I
think we're a good team right now we're
gonna we're gonna win we're gonna
totally win wheezywaiter sexy Phil watch
out I gotta dance - ya know the dance
studio get the softbox I got to make
this look professional that only our
dance skills can't can't go without
being properly lit put all this fancy
schmancy but I can't get the bulbs out
easy tiger all right
go Ali go Ali go
come on you can do it we gotta win this
I'm ready this is so I'm actually very
limber just get a range of motion range
I'm good what are you playing I believe
it's called satisfaction I've been even
a sea breaking yeah break it down baby
you're doing great baby look at footwork
yeah oh dang oh yeah
is that your talk to the hand moon
yeah wheeze you going down
go babe you guys don't even understand
Charles does not dance so this is like
amazing
they're so good babe oh my gosh you're
like becoming super saiyan oh dang
let me see another spin yeah champion
high-five gold move oh yeah so if some
of you guys are like you know it's kind
of unfair it's two of us for each one of
those so you know what we're gonna do
we're gonna do a duet yeah let's do a
party dance yes well breath but don't
worry I'll bring it up for this one
where are the champions Zoey just wants
to play now so here's how to vote go to
facebook.com slash just dansgame I'll
put a link in the sub are and make sure
to vote for ally and i CTFxC if we win
if we win Just Dance 2 is going to give
us a bunch of stuff to give away to the
CTFxC so you have time go to you up
facebook.com slash Just Dance game and
vote for us CTFxC for win I mean
seriously you guys have never seen me
dance you know why cuz the craziness
cannot be harnessed if I went to a dance
club in the back you know you know what
if I do the t-rex dance the place would
just explode so okay that was fun
let's good way to start today right oh
now that I totally just danced Ali's
face off look at she's falling asleep
now the dance
I'm the dancing king I actually wanted
to show you this my mom sent over SH my
mom said the queen of chain letters she
likes to send chain letters I which I'm
sure a lot of your moms do but she sent
over was really cool one where it's like
a neurological test or something like
that I'm gonna I'm gonna give you guys
the test basically do not use your
cursor to go over the letters okay
basically I'm going to show you
different segments and you guys have to
find the letter that I'm telling you to
look for so it'll make more sense in a
second but count in your head how long
it's taking you to find each one and
then tell me in the comments but don't
cheat don't use your cursor it's
actually it's kind of hard I was able to
do all of them in under 30 seconds see
if you guys can beat me okay okay take
the test alright so for the first one
see if you can find the C in there guys
see it do you find the C
I'll wait if you already found it that I
just give gifts to some other people if
you're not finding it just pause we'll
move on to the next one okay we're
getting a little harder see if you can
find the number six playing the game you
find it okay if you have if you haven't
found it just pause it so we can move on
okay this is the hardest one see if you
can find the letter n all right when I
hold the camera like this is it make it
feel like you're driving my car you guys
are in control of my car ah all right
that was cheesy I'm certain I'm just now
starting to realize that I am completely
a random when I vlog it's just like the
most random thing ever
how'd you guys do to beat me it was kind
of cool wasn't it apparently if I guess
I don't know what if the chain letter
says it's like you were able to find all
of them without cheating your chances of
Alzheimer's or lower but I mean it's
obviously just chains chain letter and I
just wanted to show you guys was it fun
I thought it was cool so kudos kudos
mama trippy what's your deal you gotta
go poop
alright you remember that little like
package that Ali was supposed to wait to
open she couldn't wait she couldn't wait
don't make it my fault it's art it's
already Ali's father yeah what she sends
you a box it's a pretty box oh my gosh
that's awesome that's really fancy that
is so fancy that's made by that girl's
mom I think there yeah I truck I tried
to keep her from opening it and she
couldn't do it she could do it she
couldn't do it's okay it's alright
today's a special Monday
Ali's prepared for anything
yeah alright guys so I'm gonna I'm gonna
head the bed I just want to say thank
you to Just Dance 2 for sponsoring this
awesome event
hopefully the CTFxC will win don't
forget the vote hey you know Valentine's
Day is coming up so maybe get your
significant other so you can watch them
shake their booty I don't know look at a
like she's already doing it so I will
see you guys tomorrow good night
and show me your skills even though you
know my skills were you know unmatchable
dancing in the kitchen
