hurry up slowpoke oh we missed the jet
wait watch what she does either all
right in there Yin Oh see this is why I
work on the internet I'm able to go and
hang out with my fiance and my dogs it
just relax again that's why I that's
what I admire with Shay so much that
he's able to hang out with his family
and you know that's his job you know
what I mean I love that that's why I
love about the internet so much I mean
that's seriously what's the beauty about
the internet is you don't I mean you can
do what you want to do and you know live
your life and be your own boss and
actually not get swallowed by my life so
that's cool kudos for the Internet
do you guys hear about whole the whole
like thing in Egypt you know like aside
from the protests and things like that
they shut down 95% of the internet that
is insane just imagine if that do you
think that would ever happen here I
think we have way too many nerds in the
United States that they would just like
seriously come up with a new internet
before they do
but the but that's pretty rough kind of
going back to that same said that she
was really funny like thinking about
like what I wanted to do when I was
younger I wanted to be a major league
baseball player and actually I played
baseball for a very long time but that's
what I wanted to do and it's like who
like that gets the new generations like
you know what do you want to do when you
grow up I want to be a youtuber you know
I mean that's just a whole new like this
is a whole new like era for people
actually you know what what did you guys
want to be when you grew up actually if
you're so younger like what do you want
to be when you grow up you're kind of
interesting somebody's gonna probably be
like a genie or a lamp so if anyone
wants to be a lamp you know what you can
do it a fireman a racecar driver an
accountant
I guess very few people like when
they're younger like you know your mom's
asks you hey little Johnny or eight
years old what do you want to be when
you grow up I want to be a tax
accountant not to say anything's wrong
with that because we need them what are
you doing what are you doing oh that's
disgusting
Zoey look Marly look ignore me good girl
walk that way good girl okay don't get
the stick good job
set
there's the wind that reminds me of my
first video on YouTube when Zoe gets the
giant stick awesome those skills are
awesome
she's always going to take you out wow
that was almost your face go baby go
I'll get it so easy that was your chance
you're like three ninjas that was a good
move babe my teeth are from the soft the
other end the smooth end I'm ready I
don't even know if I'm filming you but I
know I went like that like going I don't
know if I'm filming because the Sun so
bright I can just see my reflection I
can't actually see what's on the screen
hopefully I'm filming Charles totally
failing at this stick thing what is that
apparatus actually call it like in
martial arts like what is that Donatello
I know how to use nunchucks one time
don't tell us the lamest Ninja Turtle is
he yeah because he was purple no because
they another got a sword the other guy
had like little dagger things and then
the other guy in nunchucks and then Don
tails like you're a ghost Rick oh yeah
think about the odds like a stick could
beat the crap and you could stab them
where's your stick and here's my sword
his stick wasn't made out of wood it
wasn't internet back me up Oh
oh good catch Zoey know is like like the
same material the nunchucks I was like
it's hard resin they were wood - no they
weren't shake a Buddha
hey go Buddha shake a Buddha
there's sexy don't give me away this
time
okay all right you win don't eat it
Tony I win now we get to see this is my
Redemption Charles has to now pick up
all of the little pieces that he got all
over the clean carpets be nice from
cleaning up alright guys be good watch a
foosball game got to watch your foosball
so since I'm not really a big fan of the
Super Bowl I don't really like to watch
it the only thing that I really like
about the Super Bowl are the commercials
I'm gonna go make some bub I've never
made buffalo wings lately this past week
has been just like cooking and it's
kinda been pretty cool cuz I haven't had
time to cook in a long time so maybe you
guys are learning some sort of recipes I
don't know so we got a home run who got
the home run all right so I found I
found some chicken now they're just
gonna see if I can find everything else
we're just hot sauce oh sweet see what
we can all we gotta get some slime we
gotta get some slime I just had a mild
heart attack I walked out I was like
where's my car I was like freaking oh
man just imagine if I'm Stan here like
vlogging it to me stole my car
I found it though don't worry I had to
do this thing wrong button what are you
doing
I feel like you like Zoey right now
let's step down there I'm like the next
Emeril Lagasse no you are
BAM what he does yeah I forgot to open
up my little thing I got oh you got
slime it's like then you know the cheap
slimy get from the dollar thing machines
$0.50 machines all right yeah it's weird
it never came in a package before it
always just came in to support gum don't
I get all right probably smells so bad
probably won't even touch it
no absolutely way my shirt I'll get it
you're wrong what the best part about it
the best part is like oh the dog hair
from that one time look okay immediately
okay like I set up the special lighting
so okay I'm going to you guys we're
asking if what you do another male vlog
so after today's video there'll be a
little reminder I'm gonna start opening
up all this mail another video so yes
there will be a mail vlog today this is
Super Bowl Sunday even they'll have to
cap the world doesn't probably get the
Super Bowl actually a good question like
are there any other countries in the
United States watching the Super Bowl
we're trying to make baked chicken wings
and this is the most time-consuming
thing we started at like 8 o'clock and
it's almost midnight I'm not gonna be
any of it it's too hot I'm really glad
that you made them so spicy that nobody
except you would like them I can't eat
dead look good don't think they look
good great Finnick orange I think is
good
sex like hooters that's next baby
surprise I wouldn't get that from Publix
do awesome whose whistle at me the
moment of truth three hours of hard
labor finally done you get to try it
first damn milk give me milk you might
want to go get some milk cause it's
probably gonna be really high good I did
it again
chef trippy does it again not too hot
it's a bit spicy
what is that you know what I'm just
gonna open up my own you know chefs
store yeah I'm just gonna do a braid out
of my apartment you guys would you guys
come would you guys eat my food it's
delicious
all right so before I go to bed I was
just watching some of the commercials
because you know YouTube's past couple
years they've actually put it on their
their website so I just wanted to ask
you guys what your favorite commercial
from this year's Super Bowl is I'll tell
you my favorite one I think it was the
tire think was like Dunlop or something
like that it was like the beaver the guy
swerved around the beaver and then the
next you know cut the the beaver knocks
the tree down and the guy gets out of
cars but what the hell the ones were a
tree in my way and then he looks over
the tree and the bridge has been taken
out and the beaver goes like this like
that awesome commercial that was my
favorite one other than I like the
Eminem brisk one that one was pretty
cool too so tell me in the comments
which one you like the best I'm gonna go
to bed now my wings were delicious and I
will see you guys tomorrow don't don't
forget to check out the vlog in the mail
vlog which will follow right after this
see you guys tomorrow is it that's it
I've really no sign-off we're way out
let's do this
good night guys okay guys don't forget
to check out today's mail vlog just
click right here and it'll take you
right to it for the Super Bowl
spectacular vlog e mail video I really
have no idea what I was gonna go with
that but you can click right here go
check it out it's more more awesomeness
more vlogedy awesome awesomeness so go
check it out guys I will see you
tomorrow tomorrow's gonna be an epic day
get excited for tomorrow I have
something special for you guys I'll see
you tomorrow good night
