welcome to mel vlog XXV 120 200 i what
Super Bowl is this like 54 or something
oh wait no it's like 55 45 so we have a
bunch of stuff we are going to open up
for the mail vlog I like doing these
Zoey loves that she's like getting ready
she's like okay how many toys do you
think we're gonna get today
oh yeah you guys don't need any more
toys look at this they're getting ready
they're getting their noses ready okay
which one you want to open first that
one okay Marley let's open this one
first this is from Lauren each from
Minnesota like a bunch of ticks oh look
and she said look at this is this zombie
pic hey hey is it Marley's like there
was no toy boy is gonna get you squirrel
hey Marley that's you you care she's
like look at my dog but are they which
one you want
the shooters this geezers alright which
one she want to do nose on the blade
everyone looks all weird with the
fluorescent lighting okay at least you
guys can see us though I didn't tell her
to Marley would you find would you find
so hold on I gotta go deeper I got I got
to go deeper what's in here Oh what is
it
yeah pull it out it's a rocket
it's like it's a toy oh this is the one
where you can put something in the
little barrel this is cool was that fun
oh it's from right age for Illinois what
is it Oh ice cream Santa how can they
smell it from Ryan at the US Space and
Rocket Center oh sweet alright oh I just
I just don't understand freeze-dried ice
cream Bob Marley girl because you can't
have the head look at Maya is that a
crack
did they put like crack in there good
yeah good so how do they freeze dry it
Wow just like an Ice Cream Sandwich
got another one let's move on past the
ice cream girls all right this is from
the green company
I guess all right so it's not oh wow
that is cool
The Simpsons seen it how basically I'm
gonna know every one of these is this
who's this from didn't say who it's from
okay pran AV G pranam pronounce her nob
G and say we're from so thank you I was
awesome Thank You prana run off ton of
this was the other one they were going
crazy for this is from Ashley and Ali
from can't see where it's from it's all
goofy but is Ashley an ally so if you
you know an ally and your name's Ashley
or if you like nut your ally and you
know what Ashley that you know who this
is what she's that's why you guys just
know when there's cookies and stuff in
there bunch of cookies Oh an idea for a
wedding dress
I think she's sketched her girls don't
eat the cookies hold on I gotta we're
gonna put this down we're going on a
bear hunt
I cannot believe no you have never heard
going on a bear hunt that Sarah Palin
going on a bear hunt can't go over it
can't go under it we have to go through
it swish swish swish swish no having it
about no really doesn't Thank You Ashley
Ali this is 3d before 3d was awesome
wait that one's that's 2d wait there's
the 3d man pop-up books used to be so
amazing when I was
and I never you still want my cousin's
play with them because they would just
rip them to always rip the little pieces
out I was like this one moves swish
swish swish swish there's this one from
crazy with that thing you always like
place you're from Washington from what
I like watching Barley's like she's like
so fixated like oh my gosh there's pie
cookies peanuts everywhere dreaded
dreaded peanuts feel like Raiders of the
Lost Ark right now why'd you move the
bubble wrap the bubble wrap scaring her
okay this bubble wrap whoa that's cool
I'm a zombie oh and that's my little hip
no dog that is cool uh-huh look at
Zoey's why are you licking it Zoey
very cool hypnotoad dog totally said the
wrong name I said Josh alley cat Reed
this is from Josie what are you doing
you guys are so funny
all right this is from Mike K from
Florida twins true lie well this one
doesn't fit but still that's really good
that's really I remember like watching
Bob Saget putting your head in things
when I was little I used to love Bob
Saget and Robin Williams and when I saw
them live I was I was just dumbfounded
on how vulgar they are theodora from
Jersey I don't think any Jersey people
actually do that Jesse is that like a
dog wait what it says us
oh my god it's kind of more of it though
it's dog meat so is it like dog meat or
is it for dogs
I'm sending you the styloid just because
we do not have any dogs so and result
another toy for the spoiled dogs tell
Zoe I say jeff goldblum 666 86 Wellesley
I think the packaging okay this is from
crystal from Kentucky KY what happened
well you didn't close the scissors on me
oh there's a note there's a note before
I give it to anybody
oh look at the puppy on it written by
her dog meetings and biscuits dizzy
yeah warm greetings and busts but sniffs
to you fellow dog oh boy there we go
so he can tell she was look it she
doesn't know if she wants to sit down or
stand up
Marlee okay I need to I need to move you
I know you didn't get a toy yet you'll
get one later Stephen W from are you
sure that's right since you weren't able
to read last time oh wow
I hate her that's cool these are
stickers yeah all they're decals so yeah
thank you Stephen these are actually
really cool decals I like the high hater
thing that's really cool blanky
Rodriguez kirara printer Rodriguez
Italia and she wrote our entire theme
song in Italian oh hell let me focus is
so you everybody see it so if you ever
wanted to know how to sing our theme
song and Italian how you do it
world's largest letter are you serious
you know what you're like you're like
Tim Allen's neighbor
yeah it's Wilson it's Wilson okay so the
letter says that I cannot give you
what's in here until I deem a special
moment made by our mother and she's an
Italian artist a famous famous Italian
artists or stylist known all over the
world and especially Italy so she says
her website is Maria
CALD er AR a dot I T all I can say so
maybe I'll show you guys in the vlog so
make sure you pay attention but I'm not
gonna tell you now I can't show you now
wrapped up all tricked a Joseph
carpenter for this you ready for this I
need that wedding planning for dummies
we're gonna have we're gonna have
problem with this is actually it's gonna
probably come in pretty useful hands
whoever came up with that for dummies
that books are just like genius is it
Tim the tool man Taylor this is weird I
have to go back on the old cameras died
oh my god how long do you think until
they can actually discuss are you ready
alright actually Marley gets it cuz you
got the Hedgehog here you go
you could shoot it the power patch I
used to eat these things like this candy
the tags that go on the collar for dog
oh yeah so they're like hand strikes
everything that's really cool that's
really good they're like bright my
league is a pink one here mark let's try
it on try it on there you go snazzy
collars girls thank you so much I get to
wear the internet kill collagen ones I
want in effing burrito and I'm wearing
the holey pants again my says that's
what she said of course sorry we had to
we had to pause I had so baking the
chicken wings chicken wings all right
this is all the way from Elinor from
wait where is this from I can't even
read this okay I thought it it's
away from Spain Sonia you to youtube in
Spain I didn't you open it you don't
feel bad about opening things
custom-made shirt that says TT the
Chaplin we lived off of something it's
like some weird we basically lived off
with Maria cookies in Nutella we really
did we truly did it was like ball in a
cup
it's like ball in a cup you get it in
the cup and then you've dumped it out
it's ball in a cup
it's up that's not physically possible I
was reading it and I'm like wait why
can't I understand her handwriting and
it was in Spanish since October
I live in Alicante and I'm staying in
which is a community of Valencia and I
hope to go soon to see and eat some
potato ice cream oh my god you remember
the anchovy ice cream from last year
like go to the towers eat fun decay so
folk a thousand shuras I hope a lot of
you guys have been around since the
Spain vlogs cuz that was that was an
adventure right there
remember the member of Wooden's Phil and
Lindsey came over and they had the The
Naked Australian guys attacked me
that was fun that's really cool she's
like after your watching your vlogs for
a year and a half I can understand
everywhere that you guys are saying
that's really cool these are the best
English classes all right this is from
some website kW like ki WI box comm Kiwi
box
oh so it's a new social network in New
York
it's called Kiwi box alright is from
Alex from Texas they work at an art
gallery called ole Oh
so cool little totebags
possibly out art-gallery awesome I'm
gonna use this like every day see well
she definitely will so the cool thing
about this gallery is that it's all made
by kids all the artwork is made by kids
she was supporting a program where they
get it's a circle of life kids who are
disadvantaged or whatever this they can
go here and they foster their creative
side and help them kind of grow as
artists this is really cool that's the
information right there if you guys
wanted to check out some of the art
there's some of the are right there some
of the people creative kids art org
that's the kid who designed that bag the
bag 13 years old I couldn't do that when
I was 13 no I don't think either okay
this is from Sara M and unfortunately
our poor little puppy they had to put
them down kind of it kind of looks like
lucky all right now so we just wanted to
put them in there so Sara I just wanted
to say you know thank you for the letter
it was very sweet yes very cute puppy
this is really cool because it's from
our hometown it's called Knorr ordnance
cd-i calm are you thinking fun of how I
said that no noise ordinance a good
friend of Ally's mom is in a band called
scone train yes they are adorable and
she plays like I think ukulele and
what's the website oh just don't rain
calm so it's pretty cool it's actually a
compilation CD of 38 different bands in
Sarasota yes I saw cute these are the
band's right there
there's scone Train right there
represent I had to show you guys had to
represent Sarasota okay so this is for
anybody Luciano I've been talking to via
email for a while he sent us a peso from
Argentina
I'm reached beach last one
so these long as there's food in there
you can do whatever you want all right
the last one for tonight is from brian
brian from oregon oregon oregon trail
you died of malaria clips under your
nose my boyfriend and i want to thank
you two for everything well guys it's
been fun thank you for watching this
episode of the mail vlog I feel like you
know I feel like what's his name Geraldo
Rivera right now
Gerald I feel like Geraldo Rivera if you
didn't see the main vlog just at the end
you can click it and go check it out but
again thank you so much it's always
really cool seeing stuff from you know
Canada and Mexico in Spain it's really
cool there's just that many out that
actually kind of hurt it sounds sad
mustache should I grow a mustache like
this would you love me if I had a
mustache like this I guess that's a no
anyway it was fun I will see you guys
tomorrow tomorrow that looks fine her
belly me kiss
