good morning guys guess he's got a
migraine how do you feel nauseous
between the page I'm nauseous between
the page I'm nauseous how's it I'll wash
your hands turn the page Walshy hands
and then he goes I'm nauseous nauseous
I'm nauseous quick name at TV show best
show ever hey you guys want to go for a
walk go for a walk I'll go outside I
chased a squirrel seriously take it they
get closer to her wait till slows down
so go let's go it's good being lazy come
on let's go do something we're go for
walk I go for walk by the park you guys
even get under that let's go let's go
come on let's go God you guys are lazy
screw this I'm herself this is a bit of
a fail last night when I got out of the
gym I just took the clothes that I was
wearing and just threw him on the floor
by the hamper because I do I was gonna
wear them again today and I I walk
outside and look at my arm I don't know
if you guys can see all the hair on my
pants everything I seriously look like
Marley right now she's just like her
jackets full Verone it's kind of bad
look at this all over that's that's the
beauty about having an animal especially
a dog that's white so his hair doesn't
even works all my clothes are black but
Marley its it definitely stands out so
I'm gonna have to brush this off going
more for children's off so I totally
ever got these with the pants I had the
whole of them and it's getting worse oh
my gosh yes I feel my drives another
crotch shot I'm sorry guys what is that
they go get a 10 where these around I've
actually never been in a Danny was ever
how do you feel like that and then
squeeze like open ice race and then
squeeze like ocean yeah opens push him
in and then sweet there you go oh that's
weird oh my god you're so creepy you're
so creepy I think those are a mr. she's
gonna be really nice see what it looks
like on you oh my god you know you look
like the Green Lantern tanning guys it's
like it's like the Green Lantern would
you do that face gto baby gto every day
so i said i don't know why i said gto
instead of GTL but we came up with a new
one instead of gym tanning laundry what
is it gen tan look at the camera geez
Jim Chan opera there we go the real
Jersey chardon tanning an opera is that
actually what you were saying is gonna
show these these double as some opera
goggles oh yeah those are so weird every
time you look at like you're like
cross-eyed it's a style and hoodie right
there got to style and hoodies wait
you're not wearing one we're all wearing
what about you your bags all messed up
they got paint
how do we get pain oh the shinies the
flip the hey hey snake the flamboyant
snake I'm beginning to remember why you
don't go to a mall on a Saturday it's
utterly insane
stretching police also a little pushy
I'm sorry what are you guys making oreo
cupcakes yeah so the show me your expert
was right I got a nervous now that I'm
filming you know how the nerves are
unless hopefully I don't mess this up
basically like you just kind of push it
together a little bit mmm oh you don't
even twist it ok that's ridiculous I've
never seen anyone just do it like that
straight yeah and what you do anything
with the house with the cream you're
putting them down oh they all right i'll
just eat that that what's good enough
I'm just okay they're done so wait you
don't even twist it no they just kind of
like slide it I'm totally seba perfect
for the crema like you do like a little
big twist a baby twist huh also good
technique maybe here's your's is like
less effort and work just as well sure
that's true oh so guess what however got
the orange juice I seriously okay out of
all all drinks all juices in the world I
have an addiction to orange juice I
could live I can live off of orange
juice and you know it's really funny
here's here's a funny little thing oh
you guys know we're from bradenton
florida next time you're at the grocery
store look at a bottle of tropicana
juices it'll say bradenton florida on
there what what represent be town in
your face you know that's the home of me
we the kings and all your favorite
orange juice now you know bradenton
rocks i'm also using the old camera
right now and it's weird me out because
it's so sis it's so tiny boom pokey
pokey co is that right Paquito
that means small and span anyway so I'm
doing this erik and christine and ali
are making the latronic they're gonna
teach you guys how to make oreo cupcakes
homemade oreo cupcakes cuz you know who
who doesn't like Oreos and who doesn't
like cupcakes it's been such a weird
week they'll be completely honest like
the weather here in Florida has been so
strange and and to be completely honest
like weather completely affects my mood
does it do that with you like if it's
really like gloomy and rainy out does it
make you kind of like blah every time
it's like this I just like I smile like
I was I think we've had this discussion
but that's why i don't think i can like
move anywhere works snow is because i
couldn't handle it hey that person just
read ran a stop sign you know those are
just suggestions right you don't really
need those stop signs muffs line and
what sucks even more is that the since
everything's been really wet and rainy
it's just been destroying me because my
coal i can't i get like I get so close
to you know like getting over it and
then it rains and then my brilliant my
brilliant mind goes hey let's go running
and then I get stuck in the rain like
that Ozzy that's good that's gonna funny
I'm just like talking to you guys and
have nowhere Ozzy Osbourne just starts
talking what are you doing now creaming
the butter hitting the bat Sarah look
lovely cup o milk the creamy creamed
butter good having problems over there
yeah like I just cried from half like
perfectly and I'm no I disintegrated
this is a good tour Eric was charged
with the most difficult task here he's
got to cut Oreos in half so that they're
like keep the round edges perfectly
intact and act like all today was trying
we can do it it was like ridiculous see
what did I tell you
okay do you guys mind if I rant for a
second this is give me me ranting really
quickly dear whoever drives over 35
miles an hour in a residential area um
thank you for almost hitting me and my
dogs seriously why does wiser ever need
to drive over 35 miles an hour and
especially an apartment complex an
apartment complex right I was walking
the dogs and of course some guy swings
around just completely disregarded the
fact there was a stop sign blew right
through and almost hit me and uh mean
the dogs okay this is just gonna be a
little message for younger drivers right
now or anybody actually but mainly for
people just getting their license when
your residential please drive under 35
because do you ever know what a kid or
dog or you know like the sitter a ball
goes out in front it that would suck if
you hit like somebody and like I
seriously if anyone ever had our dogs I
would seriously I have no idea what I
would be Caesar kicking people the two
to the sky I would literally scissor
kick someone so high they would be gone
they would go to space okay i'm done
ranting for the better you just put
flour baking powder sugar salt egg
whites lose to the huge and then you cut
with Oreo cookies and quarters and small
little chunks yo oh and then the most
funnest part in the whole wide world
yeah dump it and then these are all the
perfect good job yes yeah yeah expert
oreo chopper right here that's look good
done done done good job well fancy all
made from scratch homemade the coveted
the coveted recipe that will remain a
mystery or it could be the video
description I don't know what are the
other good cupcake goodness oh et
quicker we want to yeah there we go it's
really good oh that looks that looks
good oh thank you alright so I
completely forgot to announce the winner
on the zombie video for the two gift
cards yesterday cuz we were doing the
whole time crisis our game thing um
Mario coin i am going to i have all the
comments loaded up and I'm gonna do what
I said last time I'm going to scroll up
and down up and down randomly it's gonna
be completely random and we're gonna
pick two winners the first one skirmish
gross strolling up and down on this
person the Neko Claus very much my n IC
k OC l au s is the first winner
congratulations you have won one of the
best buy cards blah ok what's do the
next one we got one now we got to do the
second one ready okay scrolling
YouTube's up the time-lapse did you hear
the clicking and the winner got one not
yet do it elephant 6 e li peach and t6
yeah so congratulations you guys thank
you so much um for participating I hope
you guys can use that to buy it may be a
camera or something yeah if you guys
like these contests I will make sure to
do them and yeah congratulations guys
job awesome
