we know you're gonna stop just as the
camera like no I'm tired now having fun
have you guys noticed the last couple
days on the YouTube browse page it
doesn't feel like if you look at the
Browse page does it feel like you've
been like you're transported like a year
ago because if you look the videos are
old videos for example there's all MGM
video there's an old Shay video there's
our video for a march of 2010 and it's
so funny like it's so broken it's like
we're time traveling maybe YouTube is
like a portal the time travel a year BF
like you're back actually maybe like
nine months or something like that
pretty funny I was looking at it yet
last night I was like looking at it I'm
like wait did I actually upload the
wrong vlog yesterday pick it out alright
you remember the garlic plant that I
showed you guys yesterday look at it now
what's the stupid thing adjust they're
gonna see how big it is now so me being
a huge nerd i'm going to set up a time
lapse and we're gonna see if this thing
grows that much in a day I know it's
super nerdy but I want to see I want to
say I think it might be kind of cool and
since it's not going to move like the
stupid moon was with that one time lapse
I think this one might look a little bit
better as far as setting it up okay and
I gotta figure out how to do it how I
did it all right it's set up to take a
photo every hour let's see if this works
I'm hopeful I'm hopeful very optimistic
the thing about time lapsing you want it
to happen faster it's already been like
10 minutes and / shot and we've got
another 50 minutes I'm just like come on
you want to like speed up time but it
would be kind of like I'm speeding up
time when it's done well this works
otherwise i just wasted like an entire
day or two I don't know when does it
maybe it'll be today I don't know
maybe I should wait I'll buy wait until
it's completely done this is only 20
minutes apart look at this it moves that
I grew that much in 20 minutes you can
physically see it that's crazy Oh
something you can see through the screen
so creepy Tallahassee looks all foggy
like what can you see the can you see
all the rain so in like this all day so
I'd like this like weird misty thing
those are little raindrops making the
fluence flare so how long has it been
how long have been for years hours say
forever get away I think every guy
watching this is able to have sympathy
for me right now girls is teak forever
I've been ready for oh you okay not you
Ali yeah that's true that's true that's
true but we've been here for an hour now
yeah just waiting just get your hanging
out hang out when you're just waiting
waiting and waiting right Marley little
robots whatever you do you had those
that's a robits robits we are at Gordo
doesn't she have a network now ya know
that oh it's like it's like it's like
she owns everything oh my god where have
you been over the network don't look at
me look at the camera I was looking at
you yeah what's the guy that does that
like he's like this is like you ever
seeing that I can't reduce him hearty
delicious broken get your pride
apparently that actually is on urban
dictionary Ali did not expect to make it
up oh yeah it's a rubber one do you have
to do it like this
look at its rubber face okay is that
like a Photoshop fail but 16 ounces is
like size for like it's like an eighth
of her body we're gonna play some blazer
tag maybe blazer tag oh thank you fun
station it's where you can get
copyrighted characters and giant form
smells like smells like pizza nachos and
time prices pretty much oh this is the
best game though best game ever I didn't
know there was a floor look how that one
comes with a free drink Ricky so lame
it's just like all swiping here let me
throw one based on the phone over points
already left handed I got a thousand I
thought it said drunk alien
oh yeah yeah hit the target
Ali white you that 100 right off the bat
tuber too seriously it's like vegas
though like when you use hard like when
you do this the paper game it takes all
the fun out of a tokens and things like
that so lame like when you win in vegas
like when you slide the cars i get is
credited on your card so stupid where
it's going to be now where it was oh
yeah they got a her show I think this
was like the second day blogging we did
this game wasn't it
oh and heels though I guess they're
running out of names for games please
good one
also close
get a scissor kick that
up close you can do it out do it
did it we just gave nothing five dollars
warm up
better about bad Carter now
I don't know
I actually Laurie you want to do that
not bad golf clap go Father no idea
fail I win
damn it
too strong I don't like a noise that
these making take a coin
Oh
oh the ultimate winner what are the boys
doing they're playing time crisis which
is like about that became ever no got
bill times of war
the time yes shot
Oh in the groove is it coin hey for my
boy kick it all right we got a coins
back
it's always so funny I've never heard of
any of these songs ever money came
through that one
I don't feel like you're dancing I feel
like you're like a kid breaky heart
right now you're going to break your
back on that too so cheap
alligator is hopping
so sweet all right how many you think we
got internet i'm going to say 80 to 100
115 sure guess
at one dollar I think I'm way off this
was my contribution right there that was
my one ticket oh there's mine 223 it's
only 1500 tickets to get a five dollar
movie right there so what are you gonna
get oh that's that's totally 90s Kenda
hat okay seriously all this is pretty
lame for as much money to spend on
tickets you can just go buy this stuff
for a fraction of the cost one two three
ah-ha I'm just sit right here Naga I
know she's she's really got it
member
