whoa Marley can open the door now Marley
is getting the hang of things now look
at that oh my gosh that is that makes
more sense on how she was able to get
out of that cage that dog cage when she
was a puppy
she's just so smart she dabs good job
that's our dog all right we're gonna
test this is what we do is what we do
around morning okay Marley's spaz man
stay down we're gonna see if Zoey can do
this hit the bell Zoey good job it was a
super weak Bell there we go
is their turn she's always really good
she knows not to jump oh she's getting
it
c-synch where's my cookie right here
come on
she's hearing stuff the sea Zoey's this
is the thing about Zoey this is why
she's not doing it
Zoey is so good about not jumping on
things
she's fitzy look at see the thing is
this is why it's happening is Zoey is
she's like five so ever since she was
little she was trying not to jump on
people not to jump on the walls and
things like that so she's having a
really tough time to figure out like I
know so that's what's really funny about
the Bell took her longer to do the Bell
because we always talk told her not to
scratch things but that's why she's like
kind of with the Bell like she hits it
and she like looks back like okay can I
do this and Marley on the other hand has
always been a brat so she does whatever
all right spoiled brat hey again so just
a little bit of advice last night for
some reason or another or bluray though
the standalone Google TV blu-ray player
I put in Futurama and it wasn't working
it kept getting stuck at the sony logo
so if this ever happens and you get like
a disk stuck in your blu-ray thing let
me just tell you this is how you can fix
it if you have the Sony Google TV
blu-ray player all right unplug it put
your finger on the power right here make
sure it's off obviously hold it down and
keep holding it down plug it back in and
then wait like a second and then release
the pop of your finger off the button a
factory reset thing will come up and
it'll say do you what do you want to do
a factory reset recover eject the disk
it'll let you eject the disk so you
don't freak out because I was honestly
freaking out I thought I was gonna lose
my disk and then you can just do factory
reset and then do data recovery and then
BAM it works so just a little bit of
advice it'll save you I wish I knew that
because I just was on the phone for
about an hour 30 30 minutes actually it
wasn't an hour about 30 minutes so Sony
awesome awesome so I just thought I'd
pass that on
you so save you some problems what is
that that is parked outside of Taco Bell
huh I guess the monster truck shows
coming back to town
oh yeah monster trucks and Jesse parlez
Jesse from prank vs. prank always says
pote lay like he loves to polite and
I've never eaten there he could not
believe it when I said that he's like
polies the bomb come on open the door
she was doing it earlier she's done with
it now so think I don't wanna play it's
kind of funny we first we have a robot
vacuum and now we have a dog door man
Aly starting another garlic plant other
one died we'll try again
even though this is me off-roading that
very very off-road II hey guys wait how
long guys that's sound like range muffs
ha crap we gotta go back to the poor
it's freezing
what are you tryin to hang out that
Scrabble poster Scrabble and oh yeah
speaking of Orlando we're gonna be a
playlist live I don't know if I
mentioned that but it's in I don't know
the dates but it's in March no I it's
gonna be a bunch of like youtubers and
stuff like that to be really cool for
people who can't make it to VidCon on
the other side of the country but we're
gonna be there and I'm gonna kick you in
the buff nice well you're making fun of
me you hammer like a girl I'm trying not
to piss our neighbors off I'm also
conscientiously Zoe are you hungry or
something is that what's going on
following around that I forgot how cool
that is
oh we can't find the hook god damn it
you need a man to do this Oh
step aside woman I'll get this that's
really cool I forgot look at this you
guys wrapped you guys remember this yeah
yeah that was pretty cool yeah oh these
are kind of fancy oh you could just
watch Neil Patrick Harris
you can run not too shabby alright let's
start this guy put it incline I don't
know
gonna start do an incline wait it's
still complicated I always love doing
that wish I knew the stop somebody just
linked Ali that's on Twitter it's by a
username thirteen bearded dragon but
this is this is Sims I guess this is
Sims 3 and these are the clothes we were
aware like legit and then he overlaid
the audio from the proposal video that's
so weird
that's so funny the good job 13-bit
dress just like that
barely wins where that's really clever I
didn't know you can do that in the sims
that's funny
up with the I'll put the link in the sub
R if you want to see it also if you've
never seen our proposal video that's in
a sub bar too if you haven't seen our
proposal video where are you must be a
new CTFxC R which is okay because we get
a lot of new CTFxC is everyday so I'll
put all that information so you can
catch yourself up really quick CTFxC
stands for Charles Trippy family core I
hope I think I probably just answered a
lot of people's questions about that so
they made our house as well I plan that
looks just like it that is so cool let
me keep going and see that's really cool
Wow you guys are that's like that's like
creepy but awesome at the same time I
get to shows dedication that's our
bathroom the thing that makes me laugh
the most is a random chair quit coughing
I'm vlogging no coffin allowed we are
going to make or I'm going to make why
le d√©sert her work is this better is
this creepier lighting I'm going to I'm
gonna make what was it called soup and
spinach stuff that was kind of kind of
crazy right there I wish I was panned
over that way we gotta get new tires my
car anyways it's called tomato and
ricotta dumplings it sounds kind of
weird but I assure you I can't assure
you but it looks delicious the photo
looks delicious right
so I'm gonna make I'm gonna be chef
Charles
chef trip a trip a what does that mean
what does that even mean where's that
Italian
living with her this is what it's like
she just speaks different languages
every once in a while I'm like what is
she Jewish and tight like it's just like
I could have no idea but he's you know
she could talk to some you guys
understand in other countries do you
want to try that
kind of creepy
that's okay I'm trying to find him I
don't know where my food is Joey where's
my food I feel like I was like a
combination of like char like Charlie
the Unicorn
and I'm not losing my mind I just I feel
like right now remember guys safety
first when working with tomatoes and
sauces and things like that it could
just come right back at you and you want
to be prepared you know you want to just
be careful you know cuz the sauce can
come back and go like that hey all over
your face all over your eyes not if you
have this you have protective protective
eyewear you'd be set I'm really hyper I
think it's because it's raining out
really like cooped up inside actually I
wasn't running so hello maybe I'm just
hyper because I endorsements off the
endorphins all right coming out now
where's the stupid garlic press all
right so we're browning our garlic we
got a crushed Tomatoes we got our veggie
broth we got a basil or Bassel if you
want we got our egg for egg white we got
some ricotta cheese really epic meal
time but it's the opposite version it's
like a big healthy vegetarian meal time
all right let's set this this beauty
come to a boil now we gotta let simmer
got stepped down now it's got a simmer
down simmer down kids simmer down
this actually looks this smells
delicious this really does smell good
what I can't remember the name but
whoever got me this cookbook seriously
it's so good it's so far I made three
things from it and they've all been
delicious number down now simmer down
hey what's wrong with your hair
- yeah you look like Helena
bonham-carter
it was actually really cute cuz she was
she was destroying it and I made it do
the noise and she dropped it immediately
and just started nudging it with her
nose looking back at me like can I can i
still play with this thing is it real
now she's drinking up a gallon of water
alright let's try this what that looks a
little too hot let me let me put that
down as we learned in the past of
Charles cooking I tend to burn myself so
I'm going to play cautionary Charles
right now so remember that's it first
it's nice tent right now alright taste
test
I'm just kidding it's pretty damn good
hot you're hey I can't get over can't
blow on I can go get a blowout your soup
slurp and good good chef trippy does it
again that's right
