Debra
it's a mayor that just hot in here don't
put your finger on my glasses look like
everything is illuminated really glasses
Carol road trip today but first I get to
go to a doctor wanna walamu good news
getting off a student a stuff
I'd say today was pretty successful
hopefully they're going to get me off
the simpad and put me on Rahman lamictal
right it's like an X our version Olympic
oh boy I'll have to take it once a day
so the isolation what affects our meme
do we know expended really okay so let
me kind of higher half life so if I take
it in the morning and go through the
entire day for 24 hours they're making
it easier on him so that he doesn't have
to take medication tried today plus he
doesn't have to pay a thousand dollars
or more a month for a prescription that
may or may not be helping right exactly
thank you the thing is I've been on that
the entire time it's obviously no work
yeah kind of like a little bit of a
scary situation but the lamictal been
doing really well too yeah so it's a
trial and error which kind of sucks but
it could be something that I've now won
this hot weather
yep together when we start on work on
well plan is the discussion that he's
been having with his doctors is they
want to get off of certain medication
and they want to oxley it the seizures
to decrease which they happen which is a
wonderful closest to course cease to
exist but
you know medication is super expensive
even with insurance I mean $1,000
monthly which is ridiculous and you can
understand that I mean I thank you
doctor I go credit we're just going to
practice going that's generic drug
insurance companies do not like
non-integer
so once it goes like mikkel is how
advanced is a generic so they can go
literally a thousand ten bucks before
this treacherous drive we're getting
some lunch together we have an expo is
actually breakfast a brunch called
brunch I'm just looking at what we're
having to do today it looks like it's
going to be a 12 hour drive almost 900
miles not going to be too bad there
safety all the way to Memphis Tennessee
still be an interesting drive we're
trying to time this all out it's only
going to take about 12 hours to get
where we need to go so we don't want to
leave like super early but we don't want
to leave at 4:00 p.m. and get there for
EM we're seeing that Airbnb and I don't
think she's gonna want to wake up at
4:00 a.m. the lettuce and now we're
trying to time it get like a little bit
early checking for Ali's scrambling the
pack but I was smart I just didn't
unpack from Hawaii and London things
that a blogger can not forget while
traveling somewhere cool several GoPros
check extra cables power cables battery
and drone check check check and check
check
I don't think in here it seems like
there's like a giant tropical storm
coming here and I feel like it's so
weird Ali do you feel those gusts of
cold air every blow like right now it's
just cold air coming because of that
supposing there D get a little boomerang
a boomerang action
it's the boomerang kind of like Marley
just like to say he's learning he's
learning to just pose but I was doing is
a gust of cold air so it looks like
we're going to miss this cold front with
a drive right past it so crazy it's so
hot
I know often it just goes alright time
to get going ready to go mark I think
you're ready to go the whole time
Marley's just barking and like
whimpering like please don't forget
ready to go in the car for 12 hours it's
gonna be fun please leave I got to show
you that I completely succeeded in
making the best trail mix or hot
dehydrated fruit yes I know I'm pretty
awesome be are you ready
looks like you're that's uncomfortable
all right ready and one in the car one
two three four five let's do this this
doesn't count how many red red tail
lights you can see as you can see
traffic it feels like right now is like
traffic from the Atlanta it's like
downtown Atlanta traffic then again we
deserve it we're leaving at 6 p.m. we're
trying to okay but what we're trying to
do is because we have 12 hours and we
can't get into our place until come on
so it till tomorrow so like it's one of
these things where it's like what are we
going to do
least that's what Wayne is telling me
this is actually the freeze-dried fruit
that char made and I have to tell you
it's freaking delicious like I have to a
granola on there we got some nuts in
there God knows I love nuts the
strawberries in the bananas are
generally my favorite travel update
still on the our Franklin and we are
still driving good food and only about
ten minutes I'm going to traffic it
literally said 41 minutes I'm going to
traffic for 40 meters at 41 minutes but
that doesn't mean that we've been
inter-particle meter said 41 minutes if
the meter says it it's a meter it
doesn't sentence right if they're not
cops police game if I would do and
there's been four length
so he is literally taking up the entire
backseat people I had like build this
bed for him so that he could lay right
there and she was just sitting on Marly
kicked her off of the scene now Marley's
down there
all right you can turn lay down I know
you don't really want to but you should
try and yo you're like I'm gay I'm just
a gentleman or look
first pit stop
we had to stop and let the dogs pee and
also feed them such as the Saran
McDonald's oh we actually just mad a
suit if I see her which is really cool
I was Ginny with Celeste yeah I was like
going in the bathroom and I was coming
out I was I was washing my hands in my
hands are wet so I'm like drying on my
shirt and so he goes child like huh
like I thought I got in trouble and so
we just knew my name for some reason she
issued a viewer so I thought that was
kind of funny no singles random sex off
off-chance and I think she I love this
is a perfect example that specific beers
are everywhere I love it so okay I think
it's really awesome finally leaving more
people that's why when we do this road
trip I want you guys like I said the
other day this was yesterday - make sure
to follow us on all the social medias
and for Tennessee bar
just snug right down behind my seat
everyone thought I was like a hamster
Shiprock survived although he's so cute
melis pass now Diesel's won't go to bed
yeah it's so exciting this is quite a
trip
mama gotta pay attention everything I'm
the man in the back to stand with them
my name is Dean uh yeah that's me Sarah
another pit stop you don't gain couldn't
be so like when you're like come on
we're on a road trip
TMI
in the ER tonight I me up side by side
of the row but it's like so dark kind of
eerie okay
when they're driving click you're about
to fall asleep and all the things with
all those lights look like a family long
that's like good thing great thing
let's forget summer right Jesus I
suppose yeah me neither
we're gonna go Charles
