don't wag your tail don't wag your tail
don't wag your tail at me I think so we
just went two miles before I hit
uploaded on the video and they're gonna
be going they can't go beyond two miles
right now it's kind of hot actually in
Florida so while this uploads the vlog
I'm just got like what this is 40
minutes 35 minutes but I go running
again I'm gonna stay on track maybe I
feel a little bit better but I feel if I
get some Sun and maybe a little bit of
exercise it'll just it'll get all the
bad juju out yeah we're gonna go see if
there's any space for me to get fitted
for a cap and gown at our bookstore a
lot of people are being fitted right now
for graduation this spring and it's
really exciting so I'm gonna go get my
big old head measured and see what
mortarboard sighs I need hello want to
see something really funny I just closed
my bank account my student account and
this is how much money I had $5.00 and
like change hey did you forget it's
clean your hair clean all your hair up
don't bark at it babe babe babe that
robot is now becoming a part of our
family have you guys do you guys feel
that's like kind of like connection to
it like it sits on top of Zooey and
Marley we have a robot did you forget
about that we had a robot for a second
goofball
I think she said my head is 7/8 and I
think what she was I'm gonna be 5/8
we'll see I have no idea I just I was
made up I don't know random random
things I made things up sorry I
shouldn't trust I'm going through all
the winners I just uploaded the vlog
from yesterday and I just wanted I want
to address something really quick this
is a perfect example on why you guys
shouldn't cheat when we have like a
scavenger hunt because you never know
when somebody's right or wrong for
example yesterday I asked you about the
elevator which I attend Zoe's and then
the hard one was what was the date of
those little red tickets those tickets
are from YouTube live in 2008 and it was
November 22nd but some a couple people
put in that November 26 I guess they
thought the the second was a the 2 was a
6 and literally almost every single
person has copied and pasted their
answers and they're all wrong right now
as the video has been up for like almost
20 30 minutes only three people have
gotten it right so far so perfect
example why you guys shouldn't cheat
cheating is bad
ok so if you guys like these scavenger
hunts I'm gonna I'm gonna keep doing
them but I'm gonna get harder so that
way this is good this is actually really
good because it actually makes you play
the game because otherwise you're just
copying and pasting so do you guys like
the scavenger hunts tell me in the
comments I kind of like this game it's
kind of a kind of a fun little game
different than what we've done on
YouTube before so let me know and if
there's any suggestions on how to make
it better
I'll let me know that too but I'm gonna
go take a shower and start my day now
see November 26 November 26 November 26
all these are like November 26 because
you guys are just copying and pasting
for those who don't believe me yeah I
want to go get my tickets right now see
here
YouTube laughs November 22nd 2008
YouTube live say was the line this is
fun I feel like all I feel all Trixie
don't mess with me Internet I'm Trixie
oh is that what my hair looks like right
now you're chewing on that Jodie
likability in my head not a nun
every day left parts on replay you like
that need to be a singer don't you hate
it when a song just like pops into your
head and you don't even listen to the
song like I don't listen to that I'm not
knocking that type of music that's this
is right listen - I'm listening the
boater head right now and I don't have
any I don't even who sings up I have no
idea why that just popped in my head I
hate when that happens
and then you know what the worst thing
is what's the songs in your head it's
not coming out case in point if I start
singing Europe I guarantee that's gonna
be arrested it's gonna be stuck in your
head for us today and I apologize but
I'm too trying to prove a point
Oh what if I go don't stop believin hold
on to that feeling yen yeah one of us
are doing that okay sorry I'm gonna I'm
not gonna do that anymore there's a lot
of people watch this at night and you
guys won't be able to go to sleep
there's Ali she's been listening forever
you've been doing all your schoolwork oh
wait we got the leashes
here come here
Alley just got fitted for a graduation
cap she's a little excited
the good news are your graduation I'm
graduating yeah what are you graduating
when no what are you graduating what
yeah the guy that I ordered my cap and
gown from said that I was graduating
magna laude ooh there's something
like that she gets a tassel an honors
rope what was the other what was the
other good news that's my rope that I
can whip Charles if he's not behaving
house like an eunuch sounds bad okay so
I have a friend in my class are you
wearing shorts right now because I like
cuz I shave my legs for the first time
in like four months all right
this keeps getting better doesn't it
anyway okay so I have a friend of my
class he's a triathlete actually has
done a few triathlons and it's like very
athletic somebody on Twitter actually
suggests that I look up this mud run and
Christine and Eric actually go to these
a lot Eric does my friends'll on he kind
of wants to do it too so I'm gonna be
training for a mud run
she's trying to get me to wake up at 8
a.m. every day I know that's gonna
happen Ali doesn't even know an 8 a.m.
exists I didn't know that was the time
no are you done with that pine stingy
with your Apple checked it give Ali
get off my shed get off it
I don't it's so I can track your like if
we ever lose their I passive ever stolen
a thing called Find My iPhone and you
can basically sync up all your your
gadgets your iPhone iPod iPad Zoar iPods
so Devers bet that if they're ever lost
you can like find out where they're at
you can do like a remote lock so that
was every time Ally was playing a game I
kept hitting lock so it locks or iPad
okay this is pretty fun weird half the
cart go no hands
we gotta be nice to put this back with
done buddy wrap it
before I go to bed I just got some
pretty cool news that I get the leak I
get to leak something here on the CTFxC
channel before anyone else has this we
were just given a screen shot I'm gonna
give you guys a screen shot to be
commercial coming up for the Super Bowl
I'm actually really excited I'm not
going to say much about it but I'm just
going to say no one else has this screen
shot you guys are going to see this
first and yeah real everyone gets the
say first for real exactly so I'm gonna
show you this is the screen shot and
you're gonna tell me who you think is
going to be in this commercial and then
flip out because it's gonna be awesome
all right ready ready fam
no one else got to see that you were the
first ones ever do you see that
screenshot so feel feel privileged I
thought I actually felt really cool when
they sent me that I was like really I
get to look really awesome in front of
my viewers this is awesome so I know I
said awesome a lot I know it was awesome
was pretty epically awesome anyway just
wanted to show you guys that I don't
want to tell you too much because I
don't want to get in trouble
but I was allowed to show you that and
just get excited just get excited and
tell me who you think that is I'll see
you guys tomorrow
