hey everyone so I woke up this morning
with a terrible sore throat I thought it
was just like maybe slip of my mouth
open so my throat was dry but I've
continued to drink like that I think I
drink like three gallons of water
I'm definitely sick and you can blame
Ali mm-hmm I'm using that stuff that we
went and bought that November late at
night we wouldn't bought that uh spray
but it works it numbs it it's really
nice okay I'm not feeling too all it's
really good when you're not feeling you
want to be out in the fresh air for the
friends hello doll how corny am i right
now anyway so we're walking a PD Rhea to
get some food it's a great idea on her
part because it's delicious
it's big food and I'm gonna show you
pita fries it's like the best thing ever
so get ready for this they're ready to
be super jealous I know a lot of you
guys are always like hey you guys are
always sick well the reason why we're
sick a lot this because we're constantly
going to like cold weather warm weather
cold weather warm weather and you know
staying up late doing things so our
bodies kind of it's actually the force
break every time we get sick it's kind
of nice because then then we're forced
to relax a little bit more you don't I
mean so that's a really good thing so
yeah I gotta go to the post office right
now and mail up some of the stickers got
all those right there so far done
picking winners so far for yesterday's
video you guys like the little scavenger
hunt so I have more actually I found
some of the bigger ones so we could do
this again so maybe later today I'll
have another couple questions we'll do
another scavenger hunt I think it's kind
of fun it's actually better than just
like people that just know the answer
they this gives it like evil evil
even playing grounds for people who
don't you know just no answers they can
look it up just like everyone else so I
think it's kind of fun and scavenger
hunts are pretty awesome so and one will
take a shower
jump in jump in the car and then go to
the post office anymore that stuff can
you overdose um that stuff
this is a Peter frame this is a chicken
kabab hold job what are you doing okay
I've did this conversation but right now
we're trying that we're talking about
Franco the leader Spain and the guy who
like is Spanish of war all that junk so
we're trying to say I can't say one time
slowly fascist regime that just was
Jesus get him get two three
yeah I don't know how we got off this
topic we're talking about names that we
somehow got into like baby your baby
after it in appropriate parts of the
body and then wait you have to tell us
what would be really horrible thing to
name your kid after some kind of sexual
organ yes some part of your sexual organ
just whatever it's just run with it just
let your imagination go wild and don't
tell your mom I told you to think of
that and somehow get some fascist
regimes somehow you will arrive at
fascist regimes
I really cannot say that I'm so dumb I
was gonna take the dogs to the park and
run around and then I was gonna get some
work done but yep the rain decided to
destroy that idea I have to talk I'm not
useless I'm used to like really talking
really loudly and very prominently when
I vlog but right now I have to talk to
really mellow and very calm because my
throat kind of hurts I think I think my
tonsils my tonsils hurt which is really
weird to begin with tonsils are like the
weirdest thing ever if you ever like
open your mouth and go
it's not weird it's so weird a little
dangly thing the Dingley doodad do you
guys remember like pretty much when
everybody and their mom we're getting
their tonsils taken out I guess they
thought like it would like stop people
from getting sore throats but isn't like
to correct me if I'm wrong but I thought
the purpose of tonsils are kind of like
a line of defense for your immune system
are they so if you take those out you
lose that line of defense tonsils are
weird
weird things stupid raining up sorry
guys I totally blew it
see I totally was not lying remember
that one time a while ago when Charles
and I were on campus and I promise you
guys there was an amphitheater here here
it is I totally wasn't lying I found it
it's hidden behind a bunch of other
buildings but it's here I promise yes I
completely forgot the video name it's
very cool and I completely forgot to
film so there you are again so fatty
just gave me a pretty good idea that I
might that I'm gonna surprise you with
it's gonna be good I'm excited you're
somewhat here's my guide Thaddeus
thank you and you go to Florida State
yes what's your major here science do
you love it good so you know here's the
smart guy I've got him on my side now so
watch out watch out Charles I'm not
gonna say any more so I can give it away
because you're gonna see this later but
anyway this guy right here Thank You Man
high-five
yeah oh you know what sore throat means
milkshakes when I was younger I used to
always get a milkshake when I had a sore
throat it was like my reward for Hut for
being sick let's let's cash in that
reward sup dude she was just so cute her
head was like smashed into this pillow
you're adorable adorable does your dog
make lip smacking noises like a grandma
like like the crazy old lady who sits in
the corner and go like like she does
that all the time of course you're not
gonna do it now that I'm saying you're
doing it are you kidding me are you I'm
trying I get it so disgusting chica in
the middle of me recording hey hey
record quick recorded clicker recording
me oh did it disappear back up there
yeah she just does this lipsmack outlook
of course you do want to turn the
freaking camera away you are such a brat
except I can't waste it oh she did it
right when I turn the camera away you're
such a sneaker since I'm trying to
get this cold in the bud as I actually
kind of a funny phrase nip this in the
bud I didn't know that means I wouldn't
get some emergency and an assortment of
things I decided to try this
it's like soy milk chocolate milk never
had it before it looks kind of good I
got some some emergency and yes some
nyquil decided to treat myself to these
peanut butter Snickers what for me good
but it has peanut butter so I'm sure
it's great yeah if you guys seriously
I've never I swear I'll not be endorsed
by emergency but emergency if you wanted
endorse me how gladly I live by this
stuff if you've ever been sick or
alright fizzing my nose have you ever
been sick and you are just getting to be
sick kind of like where I'm at like were
you starting to feel bad just drink a
couple things of emergency you just put
in your water like that and it's
delicious
and it makes you feel better there's a
thousand milligrams of vitamin C I'm
gonna overdose a mm I don't think you
can really overdose on vitamin C I think
it's absorbs your system
this is how I found though II covered up
like that are you robbing like a crazy
person no you can't have my drink
never are you kidding me what is wrong
with my pants
I swear I'm I think you know what it is
I sit on my pants really weird and then
when I slide off chairs I think that
gets stuck in a rip so I'm not gonna do
another crotch shot but yeah it's like
this watch I know appropriate I think
he's always jumping on me and that's
what's happening Eddie who is though I
even haven't even had any medicine yet I
would love to take some medicine and I
want to watch a movie but before I do
you guys wanted me to do another little
scavenger hunt on deductive zombie video
so I well I thought I thought of some
really good comments I thought of some
really good questions that you guys are
gonna be a little bit harder I'm gonna
I'm gonna go through randomly do like 20
or so throughout the day on yesterday's
video and I'll put the winners from them
in the video description on this one and
I'll also put the questions for today's
video so the same thing what did I ask
you three questions and then go watch
dr. zombie come back to this video and
tell me your answers the reason why I do
random it's because you guys could just
cheat you know what I mean you just copy
and paste things so I have to do random
to make sure that you know it's a little
bit more fair question number one what
is the elevator number that the doctor
and doctor zombie get on what elevator
number is that question number two we
all know that he grabbed the pizza
cutter and the meat mallet but what are
the four utensils that he did not grab
that he left on the on the plate okay so
question number three is gonna be a
little bit more difficult there are two
tickets on my desk in the video that you
guys can see what are the dates or what
is the date on those tickets there's
same day on both those tickets so it's a
little tough this one you're gonna have
to really look for oh go check it out
those questions again are in the video
description I hope you guys like this I
kind of actually like the scavenger hunt
so it's kind of fun I'm gonna be like a
little Wayne now so he's addicted to
cops to the ways that a prison now he's
got a lot of free we see seen a lot of
crazy tattoos this is childproof do not
use your teeth then do it
I'm holding I'm holding the camera I'm
holding up a three hundred thousand
people with my left arm I'm a little bit
busy right I'm busy supporting you guys
yeah okay say bye to everyone
wave wave good girl
what do you do if you're on fire good
job good night guys I'm gonna get some
rest and hopefully I'll be better
tomorrow
here you guys go nice little easy link
you can click right here for the
scavenger hunt also it's the last day to
enter for the gift cards so thank you
guys for making the zombie video so well
it's well received
you guys are awesome and I will I will
stop talking about it now okay thanks
love you bye
