what you guys thought I slipped on a
banana peel she know me better than that
she's my last names trippy doesn't mean
I'm 80 'it actually i don't even you
think it's possible to slip on a banana
peel is it okay that was pretty ironic
and slightly terrifying I almost saw a
fire truck hit a group of pedestrians he
like didn't realize it was a red light
and slammed on his brakes but I heard it
and I looked at it was like this awful
screeching and he almost hit like five
people crossing in Roswell
what the hell look at this that make you
sad that there's no snow it makes me sad
I miss it already though I feel like I
kind of got like a stuffy nose like for
just from being on the cold I like sinus
thing going on hello in two worlds so
who's that uh alright
oh yes so I went running today remember
how I said I was gonna start doing get
back into shape and things like that and
then we went on a trip and then I forgot
to do that and eat healthy and all that
fun stuff so I'm going to do it again
today dogs already tired look at them
she's already you already falling asleep
you ran three miles already why you so
sleepy so I've noticed that running in
the morning versus that night I feel so
much better like I wake up like 10
o'clock in the morning go running for an
hour come back upload the vlog go
running for me another half hour come
back start my day I feel so pumped
usually I wake up and I'm all like I
don't want to get up I recommend it run
in the morning you some people were on
to something I mean there's the old
people are on to something always
running and walking and speed walking in
the morning be good don't destroy
anything okay I'm actually looking at
you on that one
seriously if you want to if you're a
grumpy if in a grumpy mood just play
sublime just just place the blame and
you will be you will feel sublime maybe
that's why they call themselves to blaim
have you ever wondered that though like
if Kurt Cobain never died or Brad from
sublime never died do you think there
would be as a as as iconic as they are
now there would be no Foo Fighters so
Nirvana would still be like think about
Pearl Jam when you listen to new Pearl
Jam you're like okay this is good but
it's not as good you want to mean with
Nirvana if they kept making music would
you be like oh this is this is kind of
sad now you really mean I don't know I
always wondered that wondered that like
if what made them iconic was the way the
person passed away if that's the case
that really sucks because the song is
awesome I think we got a little bit of
mail don't you think oh man I've been
through the peel boxes so long I guess
there should be this in more frequently
so yeah definitely it looks like we're
going to be doing another mail vlog this
week I think this is ridiculous I did
not expect all this I walked in and the
average walked I just walked in the post
office guys were just like yeah we've
been waiting for you all this isn't cool
oh this is not cool at all mr. post
office that is not cool it looks like a
shirt came back return to sender and
it's completely open shame USPS as not
cool all right
who's this there's like so much stuff
all right yeah we'll have to do a mail
vlog maybe this maybe Friday or
something oh sweet look what else came
today
these are all for the people that went
out and got the Hot Topic I internet
killed television t-shirt by the way I
know a lot of you guys weren't able to
find it but this we just found out there
should be a lot more shirts by mid to
late February maybe even early February
but I will be getting these out to
everybody how all these came all very
cool I'm sorry too so we got little
internet killed television stickers for
you guys open that up
there we go there we go
so everyone is going to be getting one
of those who bought the internet killed
television shirt and then are these the
buttons oh wow that's cool all right and
these are the buttons so you have little
internet killed television buttons so I
will be sending those to you guys in the
next couple days and once maybe once the
internet hotel insurance come back out
again maybe we'll do another one or I
don't know if I could have a bunch of
extra ones so maybe we'll be able to
send some extra stickers oh crap holy
crap doesn't look like there's no one
driving in that car where'd they go
alright this is gonna be get up
embarrassing to a bit but let's think
about an irrational fears I got I got a
meeting right now with my my bank and
we're gonna we're gonna do all the
adjusting and all that stuff I don't get
but I have any irrational fears is
hilarious I have an irrational fear of
going inside banks I always like going
through the tellers or the ATM machine
because I had this fear that the one
time I could never go the one time I
actually go inside a bank the bank is
gonna get robbed and I'm gonna be like
the hostage and like every bank movie
ever is such an irrational fear and I
know it's stupid trust me I know it's
completely dumb but it's just one of
these things is that I guess not really
fear because I'm able to do it I'm not
hyperventilating but it's like something
I don't want to do because I think
that's gonna happen isn't that kind of
crazy do you have like one of those like
irrational fears like alleys she's
completely petrified of wax paper that's
definitely an irrational fear the wax
paper is not gonna come at you and hurt
you you know what I mean I guess you can
get a paper cut from wax paper and that
kind of sucks but I don't know do you
would tell me if it was sharing time
tell me the most embarrassing irrational
fear you have trust me you have one
think if you think really hard you're
like oh yeah that's it's pretty
embarrassing okay deep breath let's go
sweet we made it out no bank robbery
that's the plus although it would have
been really good footage then any fun is
awesome is there a way to do this
attractively cuz I don't think there is
cuz you're dripping water through your
balance oh it's so good so we're gonna
we're gonna shoot this video for my
channel in the next couple days and I'm
talking to Ben you know doctor zomb a by
the way they have a new channel is
called ruin the internet if you not
subscribed you should go check them out
their intro videos hilarious so doctor
zombie and Chris we're trying to find
talent basically it's gonna be like a
30-second video
you'll be hilarious and we need this we
need a basically a stereotypically hot
girl hot girl and these he's sitting
here looking through Facebook and
texting me names like hey go check out
this one an ally and our cracking up and
he's like you just said okay this is
what he sent back to me he's like dude I
feel like a pimp this is what you made
of me so look out for that video that
one's gonna be pretty funny it's gonna
be like 30 seconds so it's gonna be
pretty good
the bencher oh I think she kind of likes
it oh man are you kidding me how am I
supposed to get in here this second
alley I'm gonna get in I'm trying to get
in the car and I can't what an idiot
guys Ellie is now entrusted us with the
shopping list was gonna focus on there
that's what we have to get I think we
got everything almost
does that count if there's not a head of
broccoli can I just do that is that okay
my am I breaking the rules remember this
guy remember this thing that we used to
sit in front of all the time before we
made that little deal with the post
office
I'm getting a bunch of stamps because
we're sending off the way they go the
stickers and the buttons so I'm packing
those tonight so everyone can get those
we might here's the good news that we
might actually have a few extra ones so
Ali and I are thinking of a little game
we can play in today's video towards the
end of the night once I pack these I'll
know and I'll let you guys know but
it'll probably be like a video scavenger
hunt like have a game in the first
first-person new home first few people
because I think we're gonna have like 25
50 of various buttons or stickers
available so we could play some sort of
scavenger hunt that sounds kind of fun
right it's so stupid oh let's make it
fun
stamps at a time this is gonna take me
forever so it's just it's just become
acquainted with the United States Post
Office it's kind of boring I've already
become acquainted with it you know it's
really funny as I'm vlogging and that
cameras kind of vlogging at the same
time so when they look this over they're
gonna be like talking to himself on
camera well I got a blister of my finger
so it's firm slap in the PAS a slap in
the BS I just finished doing all the the
buttons and stuff we have a bunch of
extra ones here I just want to show you
this so I was you know doing the
envelopes and things like that
and this is just gonna be a lesson to
never lick an envelope okay I was using
a paper towel and just dabbing it this
is water after doing about I don't even
remember how many but just doesn't even
matter turn like this after a couple
ready you ready for this is disgusting
that is glue in water right there that
is what you would be drinking everytime
you lick an envelope isn't it disgusting
looks like milk doesn't it so we're
going to definitely do a contest for the
first number like we got a bunch of
stickers there are how many buttons but
somebody's gonna win something so here
here's the contest what we're gonna do
is it gonna be a scavenger hunt on the
doctors on Bay the zombie brain surgeon
video so I'm gonna ask you guys three
questions I'm going to give like button
or sticker whatever we have extra okay
so here are the three questions I'll put
them into a video description if you
don't you I guess
don't you forget question number one how
many people were injured during the
traffic accident question number two
name one of the utensils doctor zombie
grabbed for when he went to go you know
brain surgery eyes because it's a word
and number three what is the name of the
alcoholic beverage the bottle that the
drunk doctor is holding when he comes in
at the last scene so those are the three
things so go watch the doctor zombie
video come over here and tell me in the
comments those three answers so yeah
little fun game that way everyone can
has everyone can has a chance to win
again please just said that yeah so if
you need the questions again or the link
everything's in the sub are good luck
guys
see you tomorrow and for those lazy
people just click right here and it will
take you right to the video it's pretty
good a pretty good little radio voice
right so yeah go check it out good luck
and have fun I will see you tomorrow
