oh good morning monster Joey this is
only so funny Zoey's like hey I can't
fit through there Zoey I don't know what
you want to go for I don't know what you
want to go for bounce off the traction
ship whoa who's Kobe put both of them oh
oh oh my god we can do like a juggling
hey Moshi like drops it right in front
so we learning a new trick holy crap
this could be really cool if we can
master it just turn we've got one cycle
hey hey hey hey pinch right time to pack
to go home time to pack you ready okay
was that you made that mmm i was gonna
cool my name in chinese you ready to go
I guess who that is any guesses anyone
you know who that is driving in the car
you wanna play I spy
yeah I spy with my little eye something
that is green Finneran time
actually that was actually right I
thought you were going to go with the
obvious but I was that was pretty good I
spy with my little eye
it's my big eye something that is
brain
the balls
oh don't think green balls what are you
talking about it oh oh before we get
some people were concerned about the
rules for the contest on the zombie the
brain surgeon zombie video anyone can
win it doesn't you don't have to be in
the United States UV canada mexico
brazil netherlands the only thing is
they're for Best Buy like I said but
they have it but calm so you just go to
bestbuy com you don't have to actually
go to one of the stores so you can still
win even if you don't live in the United
States so I just one of those you know
and you can comment as much as you want
the only stipulation is that you have to
be subscribed to both channels add it to
your favorites and thumb it up the
reason why you have to be on both
channels as well announce the winner
over here on CTFxC so I just want to
like this no so you weren't freaking out
so hopefully that clarifies the
situation like is that the reason why
we're doing this is just kind of like to
show our appreciation you guys were
really patient the video was what films
was it the December it was like
mid-december right you guys showed your
patience did you know you know that just
doesn't go for granted we don't take
that for granted can you guys see
yourself my glasses
I keep hearing head but everywhere guys
ever played the world of goo not his war
gear i think it was on nintendo wii but
they guess they're on the ipad now and
now he has been addicted to it but it
does have a good soundtrack the
soundtrack is pretty killed like Tim
burton-esque and every five seconds they
keep hearing the little thing saying
tamaco tobacco exactly oh pretty it is
Twilight people I was tellin ally when I
Drive why do oh is this blurry blurry oh
hold on just like is that better I was
telling a lie when I do like road trips
and things like that I cannot for every
time I Drive like during Twilight or
dusk but Twilight's in the morning or
that mean dusk is in the morning right
dusk is at night and dawn is in the
morning so Twilight is one what is
Twilight other than the movie alright
well anyways okay that would be the
perfect example then twilight wait just
gonna worst tender for me to drive I can
drive straight through the night but the
second it gets to this part where it's
still kind of bright but it's starting
to get really dark I get so tired and
then all of a sudden it's like nine at
night I'm like pumped it's weird hashtag
random thought what to say I just got
home and I just found out remember how
yesterday's vlog the it said something
this video contains copyrighted
information from Charles Trippy me on my
own channel that just happened to the
doctors on Bay video after eight hours
and it's so frustrating yep that's
what's going on but you know what
overall just a frustrating day just you
know what I mean just a frustrating day
so what I think when what I do is I
think we're going to go to the grocery
store and get some food because when
you're frustrated you make some food you
feel better because if you make some
pizza or something like that you know
you just always feel better look at that
makes me feel a little better too ok so
I'm reading Twitter you guys are make
you feel a lot better Britt mi see on
Twitter made a good point I at least got
the video uploaded so Ali doesn't need
to punch me in the balls so that's
definitely a perk I guess you know there
could always be down side but that's
definitely the upside so that is true
Ali does not need to punch me in the
boss holy crap holy crap holy crap holy
crap holy crap so I kept monetizing and
unmonitored and monetizing and private
in on listing in the video and it's live
it's luck it's kind of funny it's live
and it's a zombie video Oh see see
that's that's what happens Oh Sally see
you always persist be persistent and
never give up there it's a lesson for
today hello si si turn that frown upside
down this is awesome this is
awesome whoo I'm gonna make a frickin
burrito now looks like everyone's a
little bit tired over here I don't even
oh there's more like she's like an
ostrich hey ostrich Marley I ok oh okay
look like a bed so yeah we're just about
to go to bed I'm sorry todays vlog it's
a little bit short but as you can tell
we're a little tired I've been traveling
across the country so just this will be
our lazy Sunday we're allowed to have a
lazy Sunday so again thank you guys for
the help with the the aam bbdo because
we're having problems like I were saying
and yeah you guys gave a lot of
suggestions in it ended up working in
right so you remember how it was to say
in a while ago that we're going to start
every once in a while dressing myself in
the future so when I watched these it'll
be kind of like one of those things
where it's like a life lesson something
I learned and I just want to make sure I
remember when you you freaking out and
things like that all i gotta do is just
like take a deep breath relax and things
will work out I mean things to you gotta
really think like you know I was
complaining about a video you know
having issues and things like that but
you you step back you mean like you kind
of take for granted the little things
the simple thing it's not me Charles in
the future I'm just saying in general
sometimes people do that they freak out
over the simplest things and they don't
sit back and appreciate hey you have a
computer you know you have the internet
you're able to watch YouTube for free
you're able to watch people from all
over the world you know what i mean so
it's it's kind of like one of those like
little life lessons i hope i hope we all
learned we all grew a little bit more
mature on this one today lets you know
what we should do we should do one of
those like motivational things like
member hell last time I said say
something nice about the person below
you're above you in the comments section
it might be a little bit different now
that it's a little bit like the
waterfall thing but let's do something
like that again but this time let's do
something motivational like like I don't
know the person below me it's like hey
you can get an a on that test or hey
you're gonna get the job you want you
mean like
let's just motivate everybody in the
comments like let's just see nothing but
motivation in the comments I think that
could be fun and you know what you might
be able to motivate the complete random
stranger they might read that and they
might go you know what XX kill you blood
a fire is right I am going to get that
job so here I'll start things off but
I'm going to do a general general thing
so never give up guys never give up if
you wanna do won't be a major league
baseball player so be it if you want to
be a director so be it if you want to be
an accountant you can do it if you want
to do nothing for the light I wouldn't
suggest it but if you really really
really want to do it do what makes you
happy so that's my contribution now you
guys got to motivate people below so go
enjoy the zombie video you guys can
still enter and I will see you guys
tonight I'm gonna go to bed so I see you
guys tonight I will see you guys
tomorrow you can tell them tired yeah
hashtag random vlog good I guess hey
everyone just in case you missed it Dr
zombies zombie brain surgeon is now
online at youtube.com / Charles Trippy
so please go check it out we're giving
away some gift cards to you guys as a
thank you for watching the video and
being so patient with us so make sure
you go check it out I hope you guys
liked it it was so much fun the you know
shoot and film and edit and you know if
you guys like it a lot maybe dr. zombie
will be doing some other professions
maybe tell me in the comments what you
think doctors on base should do I don't
know a psychiatrist and a dentist I
don't know it's up to you guys you
decide so yeah there's a few days left
to enter to win you can enter as much as
you want i will see you guys tomorrow
