guess what I put a hole in my crotch my
favorite jeans they can't even tell ya I
think good morning guys uh yeah I guess
what happened I just bent over yeah I
literally put a hole in my favorite pair
of jeans yeah you're funny look at that
favorite pair of jeans just rip ruined
really oh my god not actually now
they're worth more right we're just
packing we gotta get better go to JFK
head back home first off I just wanna
say thank you to brisk for flying us out
here and having an amazing time in the
Ace Hotel this if you guys want to say
it's called the Ace Hotel it's pretty
sweet but ya know it was a blast I hope
you guys had fun seeing New York yeah we
might actually be out here very soon
again and maybe then we'll have another
gathering or something we just didn't
have time I was just actually looking
outside and it's gorgeous this the sun's
out very rare for New York a little bit
of snow not really snowing or voicemails
is room may be weird if I looked a bit
and for Tommy Lee I met Emma he doesn't
want his hair back and forth the other
snow has one big swirly madura lease
I'll even those those things are called
I was feeling companies
there's Ali the crush your head Russia
I completely forgot how nice the jetblue
terminal is a JFK if you've ever flown
into JFK you know it's not necessarily
the nicest place and there's never any
internet anywhere the gym to jetblue
terminal is like the nicest terminal
ever and of course free internet for all
so I am trying to get this video
exported and good news guys today i
uploaded dr. zomb a brain surgeon so
there'll be a link at the end of this
video go make but make sure you go check
it out youtube.com / Charles Trippy
because Ali and I bought a couple 100
dollar gift cards the best buy with our
own money to give to give away to you
guys the reason why we're doing this is
because we get emails all the time about
people wanting to make videos and you
know don't know how or don't have the
money to have a you know by their own
camera so this is kind of like our way
of you know that only apologizing for
taking so long to upload the video but
hoping that you guys can you know make
your own videos you know contribute to
YouTube as you know filmmakers not just
viewers you go check it out and it tells
you how to win it and all that stuff and
what will select a couple of you guys if
you guys like this will keep doing this
we keep getting gift cards give them to
you guys and yeah so I just wanted to
tell you before God because I know I'm
gonna forget so make sure to check it
out again there'll be a link at the end
of this video to let you know and I'm
really proud of this video our buddy
member Kirsten Ben did a really good job
helping us for this and Ali did a good
job as being a nurse and Simon for like
he like cut my head open and actually
you guys for helping me make the jello
rather remember I couldn't figure out
the right combination but because of you
guys telling me so it's kind of like a
thank you just like I thank you telling
you we appreciate you and your work but
you'll work by viewing which is actually
work because it I mean we film every
single day right but you watch every
single day and that takes dedication so
you guys should be rewarded
Oh
we also got a gift
risk and I wanted to show you whatever
constantly they gave us both iPads so
Ali's been played working what's your
favorite game so far
look
the world of do that is practicing
how fast can I type with this thing
maybe I could take notes in class
because it's so much lighter i feel like
a good table suspect yay sarasota up
there's one right there uh-huh I can
turn there we go i betray us oh yeah
hold on I gotta turn the camera around I
gotta flip you up there we go oh yeah we
were just discussing and how funny it is
like everyone who was flying into
sarasota was all over the age of 60 it
was pretty funny it was really funny and
they were so grumpy exactly they were
like fish I hear them I hear them Zoe
hello hi mr. to Zoe oh my top and Ali's
doing the call oh we oh missed you guys
yeah you happy so I am trying to upload
today's vlog and I'm getting the
weirdest error for people wondering why
the video isn't working okay this video
contains feathery switch to this video
contains content from Charles Trippy
well I what what are you doing this work
here you know just want some cat food
one thing I look it she loves cat food I
think as marley's me yeah it's true
except french fries yeah you don't like
McDonald's french fries dia y you feel
better Oh everyone was so concerned
since it ever was a quiet dying we
decided to go Todd and Melissa she's
over there
okay my turn I'm nervous
I questioned house is winning
which is
crazy little lady I've last somebody
else agrees that it was hard last time I
do this everyone is just like all your
pansy can't play a racing game I know
it's the cameras blurry or maybe I
series is Italy no clear no thanks very
clear why it is so and so proper even
when a video game he pulls over so he
can text don't text and drive no you got
pull even videos lives that way and then
justice kicking some ass always texting
you actually helpful oh look at that
twinsies
it's ridiculous today so funny that's so
funny they're matching why nice nice he
ruined the moment sorry i'm just going
to punch in the face with a camera that
was pretty impressive all right i'm
gonna do oh my god there's no soko has
also seen a block
I almost thought you were gonna break
your neck on that one I don't know what
happened you are so ridiculous she is so
crazy what are you doing here's that
beautiful if you knew what I was
laughing at you'd be living oh my god
hey guys at the moment we've all been
waiting for dr. zomb a brain surgeon yes
it's finally uploaded I just want to say
thank you guys so much for being so
patient Ali and I have bought some gift
cards four hundred dollars we're going
to be giving way to you guys on that
video so please go over there go enter
it's just kind of our way of saying
thank you for being so supportive and we
hope that you guys can make some videos
with us to on youtube so please go check
it out let me know what you guys think
it's one of my favorite videos I mean
seriously who doesn't like zombie brain
surgeons so just go to youtube.com /
Charles Trippy so good luck guys I will
see you tomorrow please enjoy the video
wait
hey where's easy at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
west with chakra finale
you
