so I literally just ran into danny trejo
in the elevator
no big deal just to your city hey going
the wrong way now you're on the right
way oh my god is nice peter look it nice
Peter midnight he's been super nice
right now he's being super nice nice to
blow this mr. Dale I get it was
somewhere he's a little sleepy one kind
of later in like a Liebherr who dis blog
she's like do you like seafood he's like
I guess which is like because I don't
get it Loretta's brisca van and I go
saying earlier that danny trejo walk out
of the elevator he was just so proper it
was just so nice well apparently we get
to talk to him and hopefully we'll get
him on the blog this is really cool
that's Kris Amy he doesn't start CTFxC
baby and CJ baby but uh no this is
really cool this is a risk is for
launching others old school cartoons I
guess our animation plays
and they brought a bunch of tubers as
you can see to kind of promote it and
show it off so i have to give major
props Chris for not only bringing back
awesome commercials or for utilizing
YouTube and its awesomeness so be proud
to be part of YouTube guys you guys are
seriously the reason why companies are
your super super scared and shaking in
their boots or they understand it you
had the power internet that's a mean
face being that you can't be can't be
mean Peter that's I was 7 11 and I gotta
wait for somebody and I had a camp Nancy
holy Hannah 15 and still grow 71 overs
hey that's not pretty baby oh hi Bob I
guess I'm doing good drinking prints
from now on come on down all right look
come on down
ya got me there peora goodnight screwed
we were going to film a video with mr.
danny trejo and allie is gonna get a
tattoo I'll he decided that she liked
his tattoo and she's drank enough yeah
trap stopping timbers he's trying to PU
oh okay what just goes all right Ali
gonna get your Ali's gonna get a tattoo
like Danny ready itself Trey home so
what kind of tattoo do you want out
something yeah something good what
should i get this like yeah but I think
I go for like the tramp stamp like the
great year the entire arm maybe a sleeve
filming on this one all right yes how
are any loving it what we're doing the
shoes ARX arse yes
yeah that's perfect look at that that is
pretty sweet now this is official listen
Hank yes Wow my bad cartoony joy to her
look at that Oh Samantha I think I think
that we've got to go to the real tattoo
shop and I mean I just gave you really
put the outline on it so now we can just
and I'll get it really done or is the
shout out to trail yes you work today
holy photo/luis and all them um so he
always has a transition that says today
Eiffel three you could just say it like
that today ho treat perfect dunno what's
up oh that's pretty hard alright check
it out pretty hot yo watch later then
let it all from the movies you know you
are older give me oh ho Mexicans I'm all
rough I'm a case / your girl means up
and it was like almost every take the
knives in your family
thanks Peter where's the Superman sucks
did not know where in the morning grace
that's fitted very nervous about to be
anything else and not someone I mean I'm
also something to their fun is the
serenade of moore's family you might do
all of it yes yeah that means we might
just meeting time you're feeling blue
that's just the way your day goes so
it's nice to sit and hang out with a man
named Danny Trejo I feel more like a
badass just sitting next to you although
you're staring into my soul and I don't
know what to so I'll just smart with
danny trejo sit
daddy
then I love your mustache a lot you're
awesome
but Ali's trying to be annoying rap I
want to see your sexy I wanna see you
sexy tattoo mr. Trejo so we're going
bowling all right wait what did making
it move it's like a bigger I have like a
fun little story I think I've talked to
you guys about my friend Nikki Nick at
youtuber actually ni CKY and ik and he
I've been friends with him he was like
one of the first people actually met on
youtube in real life actually yeah it
was first time ever in LA to let me stay
at his house he's really good friends
with danny trejo he's actually been in a
couple of short films Danny's been in a
couple his short films I think they're
actually on his youtube channel and it
was so funny I was like hey you know I
just got it I just gotta say something
you rep you don't Nick James right he's
like yeah he's my homeboy and he called
a Nik right there actually you guys saw
in the clip but i don't know like he's
he's just really nice i'm it's really it
makes me happy to know that like not
like real celebrities um that are movies
like he's been in so many movies movies
in the world yeah than the world
everywhere anyway so I don't know I just
want to do as you guys know if you've
never seen a movie with danny trejo
netflix in any of them machete look oh
look at this actually ligeti okay he
signed a copy it sounds really cool it's
really nice of him well it was supposed
to us know a little bit more today but i
think we we have enough how here still I
almost actually start with my blood
looks like i have lived our whole get a
sneeze
oh it's okay we can find you another 10
little kids always say that's okay we'll
get out of one down hey guys you know
what you do I have something on my nose
don't put that in your mouth oh that's
really gross it's melting too fast as
soon as I touch it to my face you're so
hot you're just so hot baby I'm Benden
hey I'm bendis I just broke it again
broke titted yep certainly snow I was
really frightening where oh oh my god
Paul McCartney boldly going where no
woman has gone before you're not you
don't know what's under there yeah it's
grass it's grass holdeth the crazy
laughs
and the noggin better than it one shot
one shot Oh balch was like so cool is
like shadows people walking a solid ice
you are just like infatuated with that
ice snowflake p.m. see him they're so
friggin cool this is Ali trying to catch
snowflakes in her mouth was that face
what was that at the case I wish I can
do it quicker oh it's really windy down
go go go yeah guys one
that's adorable we're inventing a game
basically the other person that's the
sand like this like I guess it's not
pitch opposite pigeon toe and then the
other person has to kick it in Juliet's
like a little sucking game
of sexo more sale effects of this X the
death at the pew did the dead identical
boom or get it bull more when they were
saying the name at first I thought it
was like some fancy French place like
'no Burma there's this trail himself
he's going down yes he's going down at
all right you're going down so are you
don't Peter go down
hi in the comment tell me who you thinks
gonna win tell me now me right gonna be
me Valley lines up
all the way that's so bad
there's Danny dancing over there she
showed off the guns I think trails got
you beat man whatever looks like I'm the
lead hill
yo Pedro giving a bit of ice
there we go there we go
because this is not cutting it apart if
you guessed that I would win you were
right Peter got second I almost doubled
everybody the Peter came in second Ali
your third all right these are called
kamikazes you're ready PT not really
throw a ridah here birthday happy
birthday where are we going to miss
somebody with fear we can't have we a
quick engine swap you have time out Zack
Morris I'm out forgot what I do I might
go ball four did you bring it what is
this pace you're doing right now hey
buddy bag what is this space to do this
oh look that wow your eyes are closing
in the flash memory that I got all the
ladies the best you were pregnant
no thought throwing a cabs trying to get
a sausage Council they believe you
completely missed the car good night
there's a random New Yorkers throwing
snowballs at cat what I like to do every
her day where you were throwing out of
his car and I actually jump and I jumped
on a slush puddle and screwed up his
Nikes and he was so cool that is so high
five oh why why would you throw that
tree to the ground let's go to the bank
bowling how much you cut a check yours
alright i think it is broke her foot
you
wait
turn up
hey where's media texts
giddy with y'all trippin
we r KD
it would be an ally don't forget to eat
you
