so it's gonna be okay hey guys so as of
right now it's what 8:45 in the morning
our flight has not been canceled we fly
out at 5 p.m. tonight hopefully there's
no more snow it's starting to melt and
it's nice and awesome but before we go I
have to go to the vet and take the dogs
to get their annual shots
I gotta get their booty shots like they
they know when something's up I don't
know how they know but every single time
I'm like okay guys you want to go
somewhere they're like no it ran away
usually it's like you guys want to go
somewhere and they're like flipping out
now they're all look at Marley's
depressed over there in the corner so
he's over there doing I don't know who
Zoey thing so it's gonna be okay
Oh see I told you they know you have no
idea
don't even act like you know do your
animals do that - every time you like
pull up just into the parking lot of the
vets they just like automatically are
like whoa whoa this is not the park it's
like the equivalent taking they say
little kid hey we're going to Disneyland
and then taking them to the dentist okay
sorry
took a lot of dogs today it's okay
it's okay come on
relax relax come on so that's what it
looks like inside a dog now which one of
you
that's Marlee okay I will sit next to
you she's shaking so much
Zoey look at that you're all healthy
Marlee you're all healthy what are you
doing up there really you only do that
because she did it
you're on my foot so here a healthy Zoe
a healthy Marlee they don't care
guys Michael see Kobe yeah all right
well that was fun Kobe see Zoe told you
it's all better now
ridiculous excuse me ah - barf
oh hey Toby you want attention now he
can do you can take Tyson's bone now
he's not here
Kobe I'll take it I'll take it
see you later see Marlee why can't you
play with other dogs at the dog park
like oh you deal with Kobe t-bone mr.lee
goes for the legs ankle-biter wake her
up Zoe quick hub
see I got shots I got my booty shots you
guys gonna get really sleepy soon yeah
really sleepy okay see you know a bit
all right time to leave don't destroy
anything but so though he's just eating
a wing was eating a duck wing there's a
normal dog wing no big deal alright see
you guys
hey guess what chicken bite we made the
45-minute cutoff this time that's true
that's true
anyway our head now it's actually a
really nice day I'm getting a lot of
twit pics freezing I've been getting a
lot of twit pics from people in Philly
Jesse he sent me some photos too it
looks like there's a lot of snow so
Sheree Ali's gonna be like a kid what
are you doing you're stealing something
he's gonna call the cops on you high
five mr. conquistador okay you know what
we're doing we're gonna be riding the
very first invisible plane to New York
City
this is the inaugural flight of the know
this is our engine airplane si you look
at they're gonna go fill up the gas
right now the gas just floats it runs on
air did it really oh now he's going
right no no no what's a plane no I guess
they downgraded us to one of those real
planes you don't get the five those fake
ones anymore
the imaginary one do you think he's lost
is that your ring
and that's the like taste of it the
biggest part
oh there's alright there's the North
Star right there
it's nicer are you blocking I was like
looking over there I'm just like what
dad she's like oh it's it's my right
really appreciate everything
I totally didn't get the camera out in
time but I just want to give a shout out
to Frederick I watched our videos he was
actually on our plane I need to stop by
and he says it was an older guy too so
it's really cool we get to see like
adults that watch our videos so shout
out the frederick sorry didn't get my
camera out of my bag but yeah i just
want to give a shout out that's pretty
cool oh I love you Charlotte
International Airport in your free
internet I love free internet
hello mister aeroplane you look confused
yeah this comes to me late anyway no
it's true Mama's baby said where did
those currently
see
we gotta find our name yeah fine trip it
there's my trip your speed
Derby
hey there you are hey what's your name
Roy this is Roy it's tempting you isn't
it it's tempting he's gonna flop in
there alright she's she sees snow for
what three minutes whoa look at the cars
I know you're gonna slip and bust your
face whoa careful oh that's gonna be fun
to get out how hipster is this place
it's really nice though this is such a
cool hotel though it's it's loudly made
the best comparison it's kind of like
Bioshock oh look at this this is
actually why we're here guys we're here
for brisk we're it's gonna be pretty
that's what that is rations so yeah
that's why we're here we're here for a
new awesome
announcement by brisk Brisky you guys
remember them and what you'll see way
too more tomorrow but tonight we are
gonna go celebrate our friend
Liz's birthday and we just found out
Travis from Luther King's either I guess
he's out here with a band or a couple of
the guys recording for the third album
that is one giant shower no not now you
want to see the best though I think I
found the best thing in this entire day
no no that's
oh it's touch sensitive yeah okay I got
that beat you ready you ready a pencil
sharpener just a pencil sharpener
attached to the desk all right it's time
to go out in the town doesn't this not
look like Bioshock this is so cool yeah
I was gonna say the numbers so cool
careful that might be a sinkhole
Halley's discovering what the Great's do
there blow hot air so adorable it's new
snow that is so much snow I like how we
were like I really hope the snow stays
on the ground this time yeah
I'm pretty sure we have enough it's like
everywhere this is my favorite thing
about snow I love how it just forms on
the top of roofs and things like that
just so pretty
I know it's not as pretty as you
Oh somebody loves Justine
careful careful a bit high on there nice
this is gorgeous
I'm good this is like the kind of thing
that you tell your kids that you did
like when you walked alone at midnight
in New York City when it whenever snow
all over this before the muggers came it
is really gorgeous
I just speaking as a joke there's no
time
it's just beautiful so man it's like
could be 1920 it could be 2,000 million
2,000 million huh Ali's gonna hail our
first cab but there are no cabs well I
think I think this is a taker I think is
it gonna do it the right way
good job
hi we're with two people that keep
talking French it's really like it's a
it's a sexy language but you don't know
what they're saying okay the only thing
we know is just you la subi which I'm
told means I am a girl
Jesse mean it blurred face oh my god
she's smoking too and she keeps walking
away just fangs and they're real they're
real teeth oh not as she was smoking a
cigarette they were not veneers I didn't
know vampires smoked cigarettes over
here it's just repeat with molly's all
weirdest fancy Olli
the season is the end
vision
