hey guys good morning yeah so a little
bit of bad news at least now I went to
go to check-in for our flight to New
York City and it looks like JetBlue
cancelled the flight for some reason I
guess there's a lot of snow going on why
does it just a tie did you not just hear
that that was effing weird what it's so
weird
they're trying to find a backup if not
looks like we're not leaving Florida
still waiting to hear if we're doing the
New York night I guess it's still
last-minute so I'm just gonna go for a
run might as well not be wasting all my
time and I'm trying to clean up so that
it's funny I have to clean up for the
robot to clean up we always have to
block things off - all right ready robot
clean while I'm running good boy
yay paying for what I'm breathing right
now but in condensed form news who's a
free phone notice for mr. P Charles P
Charles you've been selected to get a
free android phone mr. P Charles how
does it feel it feels absolutely
fabulous rawr
it's been a great day it's a happy day
did you want to tell them I feel that
you need to tell them how already
together ok this is what they say
reenactment do yesterday okay so we have
good news okay you're typing on the
computer okay what's the news
baby now we're getting married on
November so November 20th
I'm sorry I'm just looking over here and
looking at that face - I want attention
I want some attention right now November
20th we are getting married so we just
want to let you know the date 11:20 2011
yes 2011 that's kind of cool it's like a
passenger know that is this better than
the whole level everyone's doing 11 11
11 12 songs huh for 10 10 10 this is
even that is better is it better tell me
you guys they're not going oh great now
I'll talk to you two second hold on
Annie who's a wizard was all night what
are you doing though this is we have a
five-hour trip I decided I want to start
my taxes early and if any of you guys
have to file for taxes my recommendation
to the CTFxC start now and avoid line I
was here typing I'm doing with one hand
glove in the car and I wanted to ask you
guys a question when you guys type and
you have to hit the shift key do you hit
the right side shift key or the left
side shift key really I never ever ever
used the left shift I've never used it
I always even if it's like I have to
like capital a so I'll go capital a so
I'll do something stupidly inconvenient
and I just wanted to ask you guys if you
did that too because there's a reason
why there's two shift Keys and I was
almost there like fidgeting trying to
figure it out I'm like oh yeah there's
one right there it's kind of
embarrassing to admit to so you always
said oh that's another question I wanted
ask when you a new title you always have
your spacebar I think you made that
shift key the spacebar
they said shift key oh sorry because I
always head with my right as well that's
a good one asking is that too when
you're typing because your hands are
like this on the two thumps up issued
spacebar
right on I hit the spacebar with my
right okay so let me know let me know do
you hit this space bar with your left
thumb or your right thumb and yeah
you're probably not thinking about it
but to start typing type of sentence out
with a couple spaces and the report back
I bet it will surprise you nephew
you guys ready to go pee on your
favorite Trash Can the now-famous trash
can and Gainesville doesn't it feel like
deja vu right now when we were here just
a couple weeks ago p.m. in the same spot
over the same house yeah I was like 20
feet away from animal shots
okay so we're working that we're gonna
brunch it up tomorrow you ready for that
don't love the camera right-handed
caught red-handed
no wonder they beg actually 1:00 in the
morning right now we just got word that
we do have a flight tomorrow it's gonna
be a later flight so the good news is
we're still going the bad news is I
think it's still snowing
everyone fingers crossed toes crossed
the ice crossed twirl your hair cross
your hair legs and I don't know what
else you could possibly cross Oh crossed
crossed an odd amount of things and then
doesn't cancel it out if you do an even
amount then it cancels out so make sure
to cross a odd amount of thing
bring it in
watch hell there's so many windy spoons
in here what is that we're gonna go to
bed I gotta take the dogs to the vet for
their annual shots I gotta get some
shots and they're Buddhists other kind
of shots across odd numbers of things
and any other good luck charms that
there's no delays or you know
cancellations but we will we will be in
New York shortly
apparently it's snowing a lot so I don't
know are you noticing that I'm just like
falling asleep everyone's wrong I'm
trailing off is because I'm falling
asleep
we're going to lose it gonna stay
