Marley need your little yellow raincoat
and she's out of here so you like see
you later guys I know it's rainy you
want to be out here do you do do do do
it's all wet quite a little wet gross
gross you guys are so pretty to be dogs
come on hey good morning guys don't mind
these Justice Stewart white strips right
get pizza dough on there I don't you
forget about that they're speak two
different when I flicked it yesterday
I'm just gonna film a little quick
little video a little quick little video
I'm gonna use my new lights my new
awesome lights it was actually the first
time I had time to check these out so
I'm excited so what they look like
alright so that was kind of a pain in
the butt got one soft box and now the
Lemp oh that was kind of it was kind of
like me going through puberty no but I
decided to get the the fluorescent bulb
this time because my other lamp it's
called tungsten lamp light I'm sorry and
it's more of a yellow it's more like
naturals like all this stuff right here
um so I have to basically turn off all
these lights to make sure this doesn't
cut like interfere with it but I wanted
to get this bit since we're in like such
a small area let's get really really
really really hot like I start sweating
so I'm going to try these and hopefully
these are going to be a little bit
better plus you know what they're energy
efficient look at that Joe I really
probably should put the ball blonde
first didn't really think about that did
I he's like
gloom and doom again today but it's
Tuesday which means that tomorrow we're
heading downstairs soda and then then I
say going to New York they gonna have a
big adventure this weekend guys get up
get excited get excited folks it's gonna
be fabulous hope there's snow and I said
let there be light oh yeah you can tell
this is so much bluer than that yellow
blue yellow blue counter diction
fighting to the death I'm listening a
lot with this him about Idaho their
internet tubes I just got done their
film in that their video for the with
YouTube's and now i'm going down to the
post office to take why I'm doing that I
got all those things Drake there's a
property of the post office because
every time I go for our mail or whatever
our p.o box and shipping out stuff it
was given to me and now we had like 20
of those in our apartment it was looking
awful so I'm just gonna take it back to
the post office it is so crappy I I feel
like I've been saying that a lot lately
and I know I shouldn't be complaining
too much because other places like for
exempt okay for exist existence for
existence example I'll see here if I can
do this I can't come driving we're going
to New York City on Thursday through
Saturday I'm hearing it's going to
actually snow on Thursday which is gonna
be really really cool for a lanai
because we actually haven't really I've
never seen snow actually falling except
member when we went to Mardi Gras last
year it was kind of snowing in Florida
but that doesn't count we're hearing
from you guys that it's actually snowing
and it will be snowing thursday or
friday so that that's exciting for us I
know once we're there for maybe an hour
will be like I want to go back to
Florida I'd rather be dealing with
humidity and rain right now
hey who is a Wizzle we have good news we
actually I don't want to say a hundred
percent I don't want to jinx it we have
good news hopefully like ninety percent
sure news about our wedding you actually
have a date we're just waiting to hear
back from the lady so hopefully by
tomorrow I'll go tell you the date of
our wedding but it looks like you know
looks likes things worked out and we're
able to maybe do it when we wanted and
not like next year which is what we
didn't want so we're really really
relieved really excited about that and
I'm hoping I'm hoping the ladies like no
I was just kidding I was just JK LOL
ROFL LMAO i was just i was pulling your
leg yes new york city it is 30 degrees
there that is it's actually not too bad
cuz it's well yeah it's half the degrees
so it looks like it's gonna snow
Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday
and then Sunday the day we're not gonna
be there is nice and sunny and then
snowing again be honest I'm a little
nervous about landing an airplane if
it's snowing can they do that or do I
have to like wait in the airport I
flying so much it gets so nervous the
day before I fly anywhere i always get
so just anxious nervous I don't like
flying I don't know and I've been having
to do it so much this the past year
you'd think I'd be over it by now coming
wine eating okay here at to Lauren
Lauren violence aame learn a lauren one
does that work but when you're both one
and i just thought that also a good book
one china right guys we're both in china
not at the same time now they didn't
like meet up or anything so rad casa de
fuego
and okay just I have something to tell
you and it just just swiftly as simply
in the came it went and I had nothing to
say now but I'm still longing do you
like this this cool look at the puppy
he's in a chair in the back of a car
it's like he's got his own little seat
back there so adorable little buddy come
on guys sunny of your flea medicine yes
we couldn't find the eye I don't get it
we've been finding more ticks on these
little dudes then like I was always five
now as she said more tix in the potty of
the past month and a half and she's ever
had in your entire life I feel like it
off a puddle I feel like this is the
beginning to some sort of horror film
look at the fog the foggy lens car
screeching by wet floors or streets
whatever you want to call it geese in
the background I don't really know what
horror movie had geese but could be this
one can you tell i'm just trying to put
off packing as much as i possibly can I
don't want it back why can't everything
just be packed like you know how
lunchables are just already packed for
you I wish they could just do that for
clothes you could be like all right I
need two pairs of jeans and two shirts
let me just buy that on amazon way that
could be a billion-dollar idea nobody
steal that all right I promise today is
going to be the last day as Vegemite
thing no I'm going to try because
everyone's been saying I've been doing
it the wrong way so I'm gonna put a tiny
little bit with butter on toast and I'm
going to see if it's still disgusting
but I'm gonna do it look how much we've
used so far people say this suppose the
last few years we already gone throwing
a quarter of the jar hey here's my
hypothesis if you put darn it hahaha I'm
bread it's still tasted oh boy probably
we're gonna find out got the butter on
there and how much of it like that much
is that too much not even close to
enough but they said I look at the
picture though okay was let's covered
will spread it out shower probably done
this first
whoops it's not spreading to the butter
it's melting the bread it's that bad you
don't want this you're not a stray or
you are Australian you're not scaring
kelpie Kiwi Oh what was between the two
australian kelpie yeah she's an
Australian Kiwi
okay it's not that it's not bad I just
need that whole chunk are here look at
that big chunk that's a chunk right
there right you're out of your mind oh
it's not as bad as you would think it
would be try it if you've got butter on
that's what you're supposed to try to
try it try it seriously no you can't
even taste it Australia Vegemite isn't
that bad if you don't glob it on what's
the point about it you're right yeah
good you dream good job I just finished
dr. zombie I'm gonna show it to Ali to
get final approval and if she gives the
thumbs up I will be posting it on the
transcript e channel on sunday and
there's a special surprise for you guys
for waiting so patiently so al you ready
ready thumbs up on that thing that is a
pretty good face do we get a thumbs up
so the video will be up hopefully sunday
um I'm if it's not open on if it's not
up by open if it's not opened by sunday
it's not upload by Sunday you guys get
you you are an ass Ali will get the
punch me in the balls if it's not
uploaded by sunday actually you stop it
you're like getting really three good
ball taps are like the worst thing about
good where'd that come from no I was
just cleaning the office and there was a
letter that I completely missed and the
mail vlog this is from ray Lissa j at
price alien name wrong I'm sorry from
Illinois she wrote out a bunch of chuck
norris chuck norris jokes and I you guys
know I love chuck norris jokes faster
than a speeding bullet more powerful
than a locomotive able to leap tall
buildings in a single bound yes there
are some more I screwed it up yes there
are some chuck norris warm-up exercises
i totally screw that up I'm sorry if
Chuck Norris is late time better slow
down I love these things chuck norris
jokes are like seriously the funniest
and most random like I don't even know
did it like start on 4chan I have no
idea how a chuck norris joke like felt
the craziness of the junkie chuck norris
joke started
that could be something you guys can do
when you're bored see if you can find
the origins of the chuck norris joke I'm
trying to download this file that a
CTFxC or sent me but it's basically a
theme song they made and I just want to
show you how noxious these ads are cuz i
have no i do know which one to click but
i just want to show you how bad this is
hold on download here download here
download here download here which one do
i pick I think it's this one but it
isn't it ridiculous why would this
company want that annoying advertisement
fail every time I use my back windshield
wiper looks like my car's wagging its
tail doesn't it look at the happy dog
that's really hot oh no it's no it's but
juicing all over my window I'm sorry
that was a bad visual do you know
something's up there or something since
since you guys have been stuck inside
all day cuz they're the flea medicine
she can't gloss and it's been raining
watch your favorite treats okay it's got
turkey in it so it must be good cuz
turkey is delicious and I don't know why
I'm getting a weird right now but you
guys still watch our vlogs if I talk
like this all the time I don't know it
might make things more interesting oh I
don't like these you guys don't like him
though there you go hey freak dance whoa
that was so freaking cool you get that I
don't even know that was the coolest
thing I've ever seen her do down okay
roll over yes OE and then since Ali's
been working so hard to catch up on
merch so we can open up the store again
cuz if you didn't know the shirt store's
been on offline for the past week here
you go I gotta show ally with Marley
just did alright let's see if we can do
that again that was pretty cool i wish i
had a wider a wider shot of that anymore
breakdance you kind of did it but you
think it off you almost did a flip
Garrity brig chance Marley look
it is you're spazzing out okay ready
twirl yeah that's a cool little trick I
was a seeing how long you could stand up
there like that good job be dinosaur
rawr big arms big arms that was good Kim
Riley Brigance breakdance briquettes
keep doing it yeah there's some talented
bitches now it's time to sit down of you
the coolest cover letters on YouTube
can't wait to see if you did today
you be with CTFxC go to view the lobby
with just rip it out
you me receipts the FX equal share the
interrupts with charles trippy and alli
forget Zoe Ahmadi
