little ride on the little robot still
waiting for yesterday we have some
problems uploading apparently we're
having it apparently okay so yeah we're
having problems again today so this is
take number three so let's just hope
this works this time you kill some time
I'm just gonna go running okay I feel
like feel like mean exercisable that's a
word that's phrase now I made it so yeah
the video is live or was live obviously
it's live cuz we're on the next day no
I'm just gonna go north replace the post
office and you know I'm just wearing the
hat that you guys seem to have a problem
with our sex uh our sucks a date the
other day where you guys were yelling at
me for wearing my added dinner
I don't understand that rule I just like
the elbow on the table like I know it's
proper etiquette but like I just don't
get it you know what I mean this is a
functional piece of garment or whatever
clothing that keeps my head warm it's
not like a wearing act but think about
all those rules those etiquette rules of
proper etiquette rules and when they
originated or what purpose it's pretty
much all these Richy hortatory 1700s
1800s people that are wearing top hats
this isn't a top hat this is this accuse
my head warm I just I don't get it and
then you guys like oh now why don't you
ever dress I dress up guys I dress up a
lot it's just it's Olive Garden
it's Olive Garden no I just I just
thought it was kind of funny because I
was thinking about that the other day
like I remember getting in trouble a lot
with my parents when I had my elbows on
the table and I remember one day my dad
was just eat your elbows off the table
I'm just like looking at him like why
like what what my elbows are clean I
guess maybe that's it originated like
people would be on their hands and knees
maybe and elbows cleaning so they're out
you know the elbows may be dirty just
like don't put your knees on the table I
guess part where it originated I just
don't get it now cuz
my elbow is clean I wash my elbow I
don't get it
the one the one little etiquette proper
whatever you want to call it cliche I
thankfully share but the thing I still
recommend don't doing or not doing
chewing with your mouth full of food
that is the most disgusting thing ever
I don't I don't care if it's a 1600 1700
1800 22,000,000 hundreds don't do how
about this the next time we go out to
eat or go somewhere fancy schmancy I use
that term loosely I promise I won't wear
my my beanie cap my hat I promise scouts
honor
scouts honor is a Scouts what does
scouts honor is the two fingers like
this what's at three this box on her
right and then this is heavy metal and
then I don't know what Boy Scout I was a
boy scout I don't remember what it was
let's go gotta keep running come on
gotta get shape get in shape for the
internet still running oh not like 40
degrees like 70 so it's really nice
I'm a pirate when I where's Marley so
today I just got done running six miles
with you look so tired
I bought the dogs and they've just been
sleeping look at she's wobbling can you
see it she's wobbling she's that tired
what are you doing that back foot it's
so weird how you're sitting yeah so we
we're about six miles today I feel a lot
better I feel like a lot every time I
run I just feel like well I have more
energy now I just use exert going to bed
early and eating better and speaking of
eating I'm gonna probably go to Publix
because yesterday somebody said I gotta
find it
somebody sent like this cool little
vegetarian cookbook and I'm going up to
this close my eyes and pick something
random out of it and see if I can
actually make it holy crap that looks
delicious I'm going between this
Portobello red pepper and goat cheese
and
or is it this they both looked so good
that's cool
you like that was pretty epic there was
that big music that was epic epic music
right there hey we're gonna make a
cheesy cheesy caprese pizza with Charles
Trippy I think there's a lot of Italian
varieties offended by Italian brothers
but no I'm gonna try to make this a
caprese I'm saying wrong and looks
pretty delicious hopefully it looks like
that
Jeff faith yeah I think I can do this I
think I can do this to do this
apparently because you're cooking with
Tomatoes it'll get all over the pizza so
they say to put it on a paper towel and
sprinkle both sides with salt and let it
sit for 15 minutes I don't even know if
that's gonna even work well we'll see I
don't know I'm just this is all
experimenting we're experimenting
I guess the salts gonna make it I don't
know be less juicy I don't know it's
chef Jeffrey doesn't know what he's
doing and we'll see how the tomatoes
come on do you say tomato or tomato
seriously who says tomato there's like
I've never met anybody who's ever said
tomato ever probably one of you guys
knew tomorrow nothing swing it go buck
wild buck wild chef laughs if you drop
that on your face I don't know if I'm
supposed to be doing that because I need
to make like this okay bye bye no all
right well it doesn't look exactly like
it but we'll see I feel I feel like we
can do this I feel like we can do this I
mean it's just trippy from sinfully all
right the moment of truth oh that looks
pretty damn good actually get get that
careful not to burn myself
yep
Brett myself again well it doesn't look
exactly like it but sure it smells
pretty good all right moment of truth
hmm
I'm a pretty damn good cook he's gonna
try some Vegemite you ready yes are you
both gonna try it
wait are you allergic to yeast yeast
extract this is gonna be fantastic
- you're totally like stone cold okay
there we go that's a little how are you
not making like black you can smell it
yes now kiss each other it's gonna be
like vomit no yeah it's disgusting it's
like yeah see asses their dress everyone
saying that I'm a bad friend because I
was like no I want to give it to my
friends that's why we didn't throw it
away
oh it's focused I officially bequeath
vlogging powers over to what if I did
the whole blog like everyone turned your
life what would you do everyone turned
your laptops
upside down desktop no problem
disclaimer we're not responsible if you
break your monitor the state doesn't
care that'll be your workout for the day
yeah listen computer Montse t FX e work
turn the camera
show the world your glorious face okay
Christine's gonna demonstrate the
octopus for us dangerous because you
might hit the driver or the driver yeah
she slapped me in the face you who's
filming me but you can't see me because
it's too dark probably so
so I told Christine it was her job to
vlog and she said well basically in
short terms it was something odd what do
I do
I told her to channel her inner Charles
and that's how you would look and then
we him we decided that was a complete
and total tongue-twister try and say
that ten times fast you know Charles
like a computer that's like boy that was
yeah good morning the time a is 1225 pit
926 P and like if somebody says bad
where it's like if i'm like oh holy shit
fuck shit like Charleston bleep it out
with you being like oh crap shoot
dang course you sang individually gee
willikers darn it oh boy
merci psst
giddy with child tripping
with Harry don't forget to
