good morning Internet never mind the
skirt sorry about those but right now
I'm actually talking with a rotten favor
is a photographer and like a friend from
the wedding I was supposed to be doing a
photo shoot later on in the afternoon
with her but the weather has been a pain
in the ass and tomorrow we leave on a
road trip for Memphis so we are trying
to get him out while I'm still working
getting my stuff done or here on the
vlog as well it's good fun and it's been
crazy but this weather I'm just kind of
getting over it
believe it or not it's 4:00 p.m. it
sucks I've been working on email since
11:00 a.m. I just want to bash my head
against the wall right now it's like
every time I get done with one three
more come I guess it's good because you
know staying busy most of which would
actually come from Memphis which is the
road trip we're taking I had to go to a
doctor appointment for my medication my
seizure pills I guess we can call them
that's what they are hopefully they'll
take me off of impact because I have all
those weird reactions and it's like
$1,000 a month hopefully that gets taken
care of and then right after that we're
driving to Memphis which is going to be
kind of fun essentially it's like a
promotion with the city of Memphis where
they're going to show us around and as a
result we're going to find some really
cool things this is actually one of my
favorite ones because I love traveling
and if somebody wants to take us
somewhere of course just like how we did
was in North Carolina and then we did
Georgia and then we did Hawaii and now
we'll do this I find these kind of
things are one of my favorite and anyone
who turns down a free trip I don't know
what's wrong with you speaking of trips
the other day Ali and I were looking at
our v's and a lot of you guys thanks to
you we're kind of changing our little
viewpoint on everything we were going to
get like an RV trailer but then we kind
of thought about it and how kind of hard
it would be a lot of you guys suggested
that would be a bad idea cuz didn't have
their own generator didn't think of that
but I don't know the car would pull it
because I'd have to get a trailer hitch
I'd have to do some sort of wiring a lot
of you guys suggested and I didn't think
this was possible renting an RV for X
amount of days and then that way we have
something with the generator easier to
drive because I trust myself driving I
can drive a car obviously I'm but I've
never actually driven anything
a trailer I think I could do it I take
that back my old band van I used to
drive that with a trailer full of
equipment I could do it but I don't know
if I feel comfortable we're going to
take your advice we're to look into that
and hopefully in july/august we can take
a cool road trip I've been all 50 states
but I haven't seen a lot of things
because you know tour you can't drive
the tour bus everywhere so for example I
want to see the redwoods can't bring it
tour bus through those things even
though they're huge and I've never seen
the Grand Canyon believe it or not and I
never seen what's in Yellowstone I think
it's like Old Faithful I think it is
I've never seen that do everything that
could be kind of a fun little thing that
Allie and I could you know do for like a
honeymoon or just a vacation
or just a trip for the vlogs and the
great thing is we'd be able to bring
this Turkey that Turkey and I only know
where the other turkey is that trip that
we took was of January to North Carolina
to see snow we had so much fun you did
too vignette you like this now those you
guys didn't see it
hey Jake go dry off looks like you've
been playing yeah we pretty much
couldn't get about us no humidity I do
not with you probably wondering why I'm
out in the middle of nowhere but I'm
actually at this place called Sawgrass
Lake we had Sabra and if you guys don't
remember her she's the one who actually
shot multiple things that I film before
but she was our photographer for our
wedding
and today we're going to do like a kind
of a special shoot I told you a little
bit about it not too much but we're
going to take some really pretty
pictures out here but I can't show you
too much but it involves Vale that Talia
made it's really just beautiful the kind
of special shoes I have to pack up some
things I got to get it all taken care of
we got to bring some beds for you so
that way you don't destroy the Airbnb
kinda wanted buying a condo in Memphis
alright so I'm going to be mr. Suzy
homemaker right now I kind of call what
would be the male equivalent I'm going
to be mister what's a what's a dude's
name that's equivalent to that Suzy
Samuel I'm mr. Samuel homemaker we've
had this dehydrated since the wedding
it's just been sitting in this corner
the whole time and we're always like
everyday right oh we should do that that
way you can have all that fun stuff for
the trip and we can be healthy all right
Zoey you're in charge okay yep you're in
charge okay all right thank you so much
although she is but you're pissed I'm
sure you know so much of what we're
doing hi baby
so it's kind of like a wedding shoot I
was doing it for Sabra and it's really
doing this really sweet thing for us as
well we did really short shoot is so
flippin hot outside start raining soon
attacked by mosquitos I didn't really
care about that but Sabre is just like
the most kind generous amazing you
moving ever that she's like I'm not
letting you see how we just been great
photos I'm going to hopefully get some
of it back tonight and I'm packing we're
gonna be packing up your stuff I said
we've told it about the build trip still
a week there but a boat trip so excited
by the road trip and actually it was
really bad and I didn't make up and I
never do my makeup but I think I did a
pretty decent job come yeah all right
nothing squareness I have mine Charles
have no idea where yes all right though
need a full report
who did what that sounds like a guilty
thing to say there Mauro are you gonna
put on your apron you seen that untie
Nathan yes
no look like imagine like honey you have
untied the back of this what are you
doing this bulb in my head because it's
not untied for you to do it you should
be cooking in the kitchen this is Samuel
homemaker do you know mr. Benn whatever
you were randomly reserved listening to
a band that you listen to like 10 15 20
years ago we were watching that movie
XXX XXX or whatever it's called
Vin Diesel and they quoted an turkey
burger in it and I immediately made a
playlist of all old vandals on that band
I was talking about the happy birthday
to me my tradition every time it's my
birthday saying happy birthday to me
this is the fan band in the class I
can't breathe
leave your CDs 30 years old keep saying
what's that is I have no idea if I'm
doing this correctly I'm just assuming
this is correct
I refuse to look at these look more
strawberry pop sit sit until good girl
you want to throw your top no roll over
oh that was us that was a flop there you
go go get the strawberry do you want one
drop your top Marty got one all right
so frantic step 2 blueberries got
strawberries blueberries something you
like blueberries we're gonna try it
catch a blueberry just spit it out hey I
love what you spitting out you want to
try an apple now you better eat that
Apple
son of a all right we got green apples
we got strawberries we have blue various
random raspberries because that's all we
had and bananas and fingers cry we kind
of do it on medium it's like one of
those things you know where you put it
in the oven like those cooking shows
it's like put in the oven for three
hours
oh wait we're done check it out
perfectly cook as a kid no joke I
thought that was freaking magic I
honestly thought that's how you cook
I thought through was that quick that is
I think it's all it is man let's be on
there soon I think I do this all wrong
shoot I hit it all wrong yeah
look at all of that inner voice your
resident session Rose upside down
I'm just curious does it played in here
shoot was it enough at least figured it
out
yeah okay I didn't remove certain skill
at this are you in what you want I
admitted it
you didn't you didn't one I didn't read
the instructions and so I made a play
for the internet internet it was wrong
no no no you say Internet
I didn't read the instructions little
bit I probably would feel the same thing
is listen sooner I make any skirt trip
tomorrow I'll make it easy with fun he's
also making these cousin fun okay so
another 30 more minutes of flipping
everything which was not fun
could I do again thought of them
seriously what is wrong with me
this officially sorry I just don't think
or something alright now we just put
everything back don't trust me here to
stick lucky hoodie
I'm awesome linen lots of letters now we
do this hey what is this one what is
this boy we do this now how awesome is
eighteen hours all right well this is
going to be something that we carry on
to the next day
in the meantime that's all you need
okay wow you got yeah
this has been the best air freshener I
think I've ever owned
just walking I went running and just as
you can tell and I came back in the
house it smells like when we was baking
like an apple pie or something most
delicious smelling everything and then
Ali comes in with dog food and all it
smells off is the fruit connect here's
the trick even we got more lady fruit do
you put an avocado up no Marley that was
a strawberry top you love those things
sorry
americana color peanut delicious we are
back at it again gonna start packing
it's like the hardest thing for me to do
is pack agenda over pack I don't know if
it's a girl thing I don't know if it's
just amazing I'm not exactly sure but I
tend to over pack quite frequently so
that's gonna be something that I'm going
to try and work on with this whole
Memphis trip but the great thing about
this Memphis trip is we are actually
going there because Memphis invited us
out there to kind of show you guys
exactly what there is to do there kind
of the nightlife but also wonderful
things that you can do during the day I
need to pack things for outdoor
adventures but also for I think we're
going to like a concert one day we're
going to go to some nightlife areas as
well I'm going to try this time not to
over pack and I've never been Dement
this I'm so so excited are you excited
you get to go on a road trip for this
tomorrow we're going to go hiking are
you going to be good on the car ride why
are you so cute are you looking at the
pizza
this is like I would like the pizza
please
once we edit away and we cook delicious
pizzas from scratch we are getting ready
to first off into our night with you
guys
second off for packing biggest Amara we
have a doctor's appointment before we
head out get ready for our awesome
vintage trailers going to be pretty
amazing actually I really excited they
told me some hiking places they showed
me ghost coping yeah that's why I know
your was unfortunate
they were like dad like ghost ghost
comment on it how to enjoy it I don't
like its little color but yeah there are
some places or there's like the largest
unleash dog park and there's Beale
Street and then there's and then the
road trip it's going on and then when we
come home we start packing and planning
out the RV trip and then VidCon I mean
this is like a crazy conference and then
planning RV this is honestly like the
coolest most fun summer I think we've
had in a really long time I worked or
yeah I mean don't get me wrong workers
to my rose water like we actually get to
do kind of like these really cool
opportunities and really take advantage
of I know
just leave ours yeah sounds good if you
guys are in Memphis pay attention to
Twitter and snapchat and Instagram
stories to make sure well I think all
that stuff's in the description that way
maybe we can cross paths and yeah but
you might only want to see you guys so
make sure to follow us on snapchat
Instagram and Twitter so that way we can
tell you guys we're at and maybe we'll
grown together on that note my stuff is
still be hydrating I will show you that
tomorrow hopefully if Leslie catches
fire
how do goodnight guys but I can't do it
you
