welcome to mail vlog this is actually
the first mail vlog of 2011 2011
I remember when y2k was a problem all
right guys you ready to open some
packages yeah okay we got we got a few
we got a few today just a couple this is
gonna be a long a mail vlog so hope you
guys are prepared when I start the new
year with a bang this is from Andrew a
from with its captain looks like there's
a couple things in here for you
maybe I'm guessing unless different for
us I don't this is actually probably one
of the most thoughtful gifts hold on yes
with all the traveling we do rain-x this
vlog brought to you by rain-x no I'm
just kidding but seriously if you have
no idea
Mario just got a coin rain-x for your
car is amazing so thank you this is
actually well the traveling we do this
is pretty cool isn't it yeah really is
here's some pictures they say look at
that look how cute their dogs are I know
they're chuckle ABS but look at that
photo but it's a saddest photo
we got Cheyenne from Minnesota I believe
this is is is this is bazooka gum oh my
gosh this is like old school do you guys
remember this we do this a video like a
long time did this a video yeah really
seriously Oh a turtle with a bow I'm
thinking that's mine I think the turtle
is mine let's see here some gloves some
little fingerless gloves that's really
thoughtful too because we're going vote
in New York um this is actually funny
we're going in New York on I on Thursday
sorry people crackers thank you giant oh
and some glasses
some serious back to the future I'm
gonna beat up Michael J Fox glasses
oh and when I wonder which one's mine I
might be the bad girl I think I'm bad
girl CTFxC it kind of broke so I I'm
sorry I broke in the mail but we can we
can super glue it this is from Patrick
from Deutschland door slam I saying I'm
saying that wrong right
Deutschland actually I have a video one
of my first videos on my Charles Trippy
channel it's called something like
Deutschland or douche land you don't
believe me go check it out go your -
blackops Charles Trippy and look out
douche land or Deutschland I think it's
called douche land anyway I digress
I think this one is for Ali you might
want to come here al oh I don't know it
could be for Zoey okay keep him close
even close on the count of three I'm
gonna stay open and you're gonna have to
catch something flying in the air mine
too
they are pretty good Tommy
L I'm not even try to pronounce your
last name but he's from Finland and he
sent a what it's a horror movie a sauna
it's a sauna I do you guys know I'm
terrible at this but it's a horror movie
that was actually shot in Finland here's
a sword and there's four stars it's
probably awesome so thank you so much
man oh my goodness we got some M&Ms some
more toxic waste yeah we don't need any
more candy please don't send any more
candy and we already know we can't do
the toxic Mario got another coin we
already know we can't do toxic waste by
the way this is from Rebecca from the
where I think safe to say is probably
the UK this is Royal Mail there's no
return address so Rebecca from Canada I
don't think it's Canada Royal Mail hold
on we'll get to it this is from and
Amanda and Anthony from
Oh what is this oh my gosh as the zombie
survival can in case of zombie
apocalypse drink this is actually really
funny
Dominic W from Pennsylvania what is this
I'll just tear it open let's just tear
open the packaging because that makes
things more dramatic and fun oh this is
really cool the quick vegetarian
cookbook this actually might make me go
back to be vegetarian that was the
hardest part it's trying to find
different types of food that looks
really good right there Thank You
Dominic this is from Lauren F from New
Jersey and she did a nice little drawing
slash letter
apparently I'm thinking that's me that
might be me right there I'm just kidding
oh look at Zoey and Marley Oh got some
more flowers and a nice little iPad oh
this is from the good band I hate my ex
you know like we've been using that band
for I don't even know how long they sent
their new album right here they sent
their new album and an awesome t-shirt
if you guys do not know I hate my ex I
mean we literally have been using them
in vlogs for the past year so thank you
guys so much I really like your music if
you don't know who they are just Google
I hate my ex remember the baby baby baby
just I said baby baby it's like I'm such
a loser I know the Justin Bieber fans
just made fun of me but they made that
covered I'm like punk rock yeah shut
your mouth see I knew shows and they
made the Justin Bieber baby
punk cover and then we've been using
them ever since but yeah they have a new
album out so go check that out I'm going
to go listen to those and this is pretty
cool shirt actually this is from Jill B
el burrito restaurant and Miley's face
is just like
little donkey though it has a belief
that on the back that was the worst way
I've ever said yeah that was pretty bad
burrito
you don't know Zoey wants a little
donkey oh did you know you guys are you
donkey when you go to Taco Bell and
order a burrito what does that mean high
five when you go to Taco Bell and you
order a burrito and you're saying can I
have a burrito you're actually actually
eating donkey did you know that the
years ago on YouTube there was this
craze with this condiment called
Vegemite and I just opened this up and I
was like this has to be this has to be
from Australia I'm trying to find out
who it's who is actually from but I'm
gonna make Ali tried Vegemite do you
know what it is you're gonna try it
oh it's from this person Eponine and I
think that's her right there I don't and
that might be her too
so every morning we get out of bed 6
o'clock to ride our kangaroos the school
just kidding you smell that Vegemite no
I actually would really do you do tame
crocodiles no actually I really want to
go to Australia one day I hopefully
hopefully we won't ever make it is cuz
the plane ride I think it's a plane ride
that's the only reason why I don't think
I'll ever make is the plane ride if I
could teleport if I could teleport if I
could teleport Australia I would totally
be there try this the Virgin by Vegemite
we're gonna try some Vegemite
what is is like chocolate so he's
drinking a lot alright I'm terrified I'm
a little terrified - there was like a
poof of dust they came out of it it
looks like chocolate eat it eat the
whole thing
oh my god discussions you know
I really don't wanna move is it that bad
Australia what is wrong vitamin B good
what's so good about Vegemite okay it's
it's pure yeast yeah you try it open CD
me get the real version of it more you
more you more you more
thank you for must rally yeah no you do
not want to eat this
so ebony congratulations you almost made
a leap you know Joe I want to give it to
our friends oh look at that
I don't know if that's for you guys
though I don't I don't know if she made
that
no it's from Nylabone it's definitely
dog toy of material yep dog toy
materials last week in there Zoe versed
peanut butter Marley
with poop Ally in color I kte beauty
mcdeere dicin this is actually really
thoughtful this is from Christian Kay
from Calgary it's Canada if you didn't
know sent us a virtual tour of Calgary
on several disks yeah it's actually
pretty cool we got dogs dog food coffee
democracy the late night the ocean this
is cool we can visit Calgary virtually
this is from Joseph B from California
he must be loaded you must look at I'm
rainin it's baking rain make it rain
copy money oh wait this is actually
abide Oh abode of the Dead bank wait
what is this this is a weird but I it's
kind of Molly
making it rain Marley clicking rain we
have been there that's true
that's where Nicholas Cage found the
spectacles spectacles Oh Ali you might
want to come back here
lots of lots of candy and Zoey
why would you do actually hey ro this is
the worst King why would you kind of
assurance disgusting it makes you want
to throw up that's what they wrote on
the back it is just working imagine why
it's coming to my nose oh I seriously
have no idea how some people can eat
some of the stuff you guys do that is
awful this is from who's this from
Marley this is from Jessie from Virginia
ready oh oh there's little little
presence that actually is pretty
impressive if you made that Jesse that
is really impressive I don't know if
that's for you Maura let's see what it
is you can help me if you want you gotta
be careful that is pretty cute like
let's try it on you
Sally's in the shower let's try it on
you ready Marley that's snazzy that's
the snazzy thing for you you can go to
the dog park feel like where'd you get
that turtle necklace and you'd be like
you know fan I'm famous on the internet
yeah
you don't know who I am I'm Marley
Marley derpy CTFxC that's you Zoey
you're part of that
oh hi Zoey oh hi Marley you guys are
part of the X which means unity it's
kind of like a metaphor which is pretty
brilliant it's a handmade turtle I think
this is supposed to be used Zoey I
thought I got a wax she's actually
pretty impressive because I can't do
that
this is from Alicia for New Zealand and
she assures me that there are no snakes
or huge spiders here but I kind of I'm
kind of not believing that well I think
New Zealand I think of everything scary
holy crap guys what is this some playing
cards that's for you cuz you're a joker
what else is in there some mints mint
teas minty
everything in New Zealand is kind of fun
some lumps
there's some more lumps so the dogs want
to eat but another good luck charm for
alley
oh is that ticklish so ticklish little
pencils tickly some more some more
jaffas and a crunchy everything is just
like oh it's a very kitty and very
friendly oh wait there's more
I'm more oh that's more of a kind of not
so friendly it's like what do you eat
more Oh bar oh I want to back off what
are you eating a crunchy bar
oh you're friendly this is from Lauren C
from Washington oh no we got some mango
because a mango flavored stuff and her
name Fonda from Ohio this smell what's a
smell hike smell some doggies or
something
C no I want to look at this looks really
good
this is a very good new year's
resolution there Fonda those of you guys
who went to you tore the guys that
certified TV send some you tore t-shirts
we were gonna go but the problems that
was on a Tuesday so we weren't able to
go because Ali's you know class and we
live so far away from Orlando but good
news here's some good news there's a
thing called playlist live happening in
March in Orlando as well and Ellie and I
both will be there and there were also
gonna be at VidCon 2011 in California so
to make it up we decided to do both of
those and so yeah if you so if you can't
make it to Orlando but you can make it
to California for VidCon we'll see at
one of those and I hope to see a lot of
CTFxC ears wearing their shirts their
hoodies and just going to tip this is
from relisha
wait wait ravely oh my god I'm so bad
ray Lisa from Illinois
what is it Zoe what is it what is it
it's a big mustache that you must wear
both of you look sweet I'll eat it oh
wait right now Lauren a from North
Carolina made custom look at this custom
internet killed television notepads so
now I can write notes Allie and as she's
wearing zombie makeup that's really cool
this is so cool that who's this from
this is from this is from Cassidy
North Carolina custom internet killed
television mugs now I don't have to
drink out of a plain one I could be like
CTFxC for the win every time I drink
some coffee now this is from Felicia and
Zygmunt I think is their name from
Illinois want to try to open it tails
just like oh my god oh my god oh my god
what's in here
what do you think it is it's a toy this
is for Zoey take is OE
yeah what I don't know what to do with
it I don't know what to do with it go
get it this one's for you Marley wanna
try open it that freakin squirrel yeah
that's pretty bad the sexy thing that
girls do when I was younger and I saw my
mom doing that my sister doing that I
always used to make fun of it it's
ridiculous what I'm gonna do that I'm
gonna do that from now on getting
towards the end this is from Emma it's
all fancy All Right see what Emma from
Canada land sent doggy slobber window
and glass cleaner yep we're gonna we're
gonna keep that um poopy bags some rum
runners rum cake factory I guess this is
where she used to go hang out oh well
that is not food that is poopie bags how
to speak Italian seriously
great now I'm gonna watch TV Thank You
Emma thank you
Marley likes it too or a little tail
thank you you spoiled brats they're just
like I want more toys there's none of of
toys I don't know maybe all over here
right there
Davee that is so cool
those are handmade yeah it's a necklace
who's that from Laurie Laurie Laurie yes
there's a handmade yeah she crocheted
them Wow okay seriously I could barely
yeah that's pretty amazing that was the
same thing like his crocheted necklace
and they're so beautiful and I had never
seen anything like it before
Wow so that concludes the first unboxing
mail vlog of 2011 thank you guys so so
much guys there's no more toys no
there's nothing there
I will I will see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog thank you again so much I hope you
enjoyed it this is probably really long
and you probably just watched like 30
minutes of vlogs today but thank you so
much we wouldn't be here making videos
for you guys if you weren't watching it
there it is that's who made those little
necklaces for Ally Thank You Laurie
anyway I'm gonna go to bed now I there's
like 70 clips I have to do right now so
I'm gonna do this head to bed I will see
you tomorrow thank you again and
Vegemite is disgusting again
you
