seriously smoke alarms need to be just
wired to the house you'll need to run on
batteries like the worst way to wake up
in the morning weep weep weep public
again you've been replaced watch how
cool this is watch the steam come off
the ice cream isn't that so awesome can
you see that I'm not touching it in the
water just in the in the hot pot let so
cool and they're off I love coming to
the woods I know I come here a lot you
guys but it just it's so i don't know i
just i get so stressed out over the
silliest things but every time I just
don't take a nice little walk in the
beautiful woods that we have and I feel
much better so that's the answer the
questions why I take somebody walks or
like all you do is walk it's like well
one it's good exercise and to relaxing
and three and three the dogs actually
get the chase squirrels and it's always
funny when they chase squirrels actually
I think isn't it like squirrel
Appreciation Day coming up something
like that something ridiculous that is
going to be one thing though when we
move from Tallahassee in about May late
April May this woods this all these
trails and things like that that's gonna
be kind of gonna be kind of upsetting to
to leave because it is really nice so I
mean we're far enough north in Florida
to where you know we get kind of like
the northern feel but we're still in
Florida so I don't know she's over back
there I'm actually cuz I was wondering
how long it was gonna take it they see
you join us oh yeah like I was saying
this is like my distressing time this is
like what I try to do every single day
come here and run around do you guys
have like that kind of place you
ooh a place like when I was in Sarasota
what I'm still living in my parents
house there was this place and it was
called what was it called was like the
secret surf spot and you had to go
through all these like bushes and then
it was really cool I used to always go
out there and sit out there and you know
just relax watch the surfers watch the
waves and just kind of relax that was my
little place now this is becoming my
place but I wanted that you guys do have
like that little secret place that you
go or doesn't have to actually be secret
but you have like that place where you
go where your league overwhelmed or
stress it could just kind of makes
things feel a little bit better if you
don't definitely find one trust me
you'll feel better you guys keep
noticing that I keep tripping but I'm
not like actually acknowledging it too
much no no no no no no believe would
weally weally thursday we're going to
New York City again we got to go out
there for a cool little project you guys
I don't know if I could tell you about
it right now but you'll know I don't
either wednesday or thursday but i
wanted to ask you guys is it snowing in
New York again because I'm I don't think
I'm ready for the snow again that was a
little too cold last Louise feel yep
they feel like group that's a friend who
walked by that brand-new piece of wooden
was like you know what this race would
need to say boobies on it and it needs
to provoke people to steal them at all
times Marley you look like a freaking
Disney cartoon your big sad eyes the dog
knows how to get food she just knows how
to do it fraud fraud yeah food food
water oh my god Oh which by the way that
video finally topped a million so thank
you to watching fred water there's some
very old video too I just actually
stumbled upon it because sometimes okay
you remember this like yeah I remember
that I made it hey it's me Fred are you
hungry okay yes must be six o'clock
because uh you guys are bugging me up
stretch yeah show off like I said listen
Hollis that's pretty good Zoe that's a
pretty good internal clock it's 552 you
hungry Zoe derpy I think I you guys keep
calling me
Charles derpy now when I make this
stupid faces I like it good nickname I'm
gonna call Zoe that from now on hello be
I just walked in from running and this
is Marley just sitting there going on
just just waiting for you you do not
look very happy what show the world you
know where you come from you little
creeper she's like the shower troll she
just like came out from hiding i'ma
shower troll I hide under bridges
another smoke on time so i guess the
bridge wouldn't be that small way I
making gay comments on YouTube that's
right do I get your ball thank you when
you get your ball okay ready where is it
look you passed it that's it where she
go oh there you are it was it I'll talk
for you ready hey hey she spazzes out
look at her so he's trying to get back
at her why is it camera go out of focus
this squirrel appreciation day so you
decided to eat him it's the only toy
every single time she spazzes out ready
that's pretty cute and then you're
eating a squirrel you're eating a
squirrel sit when I got your dinosaur
rawr our Saturday night that I have a
date with this lady right here it's
Saturday night date hey governor is
gonna be nice I'm getting married of
those things mark my words mark my words
guys I'm getting married in Chuck
Taylors I'm going to these Chuck doilies
Taylor a searcher and he said no this is
nice I weren't internet kill talented of
course this is good for all formal
formal I would a dress like this but I'm
62 be sad look it's adam carolla in 20
years thank you I wonder if like that's
actually in Italy makes one to several
Italian stick your finger in that
mystery hole what's in there you think
it's a gross right now now now Ferrin
out like i always do that she's always
did the guys are kind
oh yeah
bottoms up did you really just put your
pinkie up before your pinkies all my
wine like this oh he's up the glass
otherwise lesson learned yes I wasn't
trying to
so what do you think about the current
economic state of the country even
though we owe so much money to China and
then they will take over the world what
do you think about that no Victoria
those sort of like okay look for like
the best interview ever with andrew WK
I'm YouTube is so funny nananana nanana
nanana nanana nanana so sexy baby that's
all good in my my dream and your beanie
my opinion that you won't even wash or
you sprayed cologne on it so it doesn't
smell bad what is this this is my is in
the hardcore way to point I'm telling
you that's like Stephen Colbert Stephen
Colbert point sling wait doesn't he do
that no I'm inventing it right now no
Colbert points like that he says you
know all the metal point this is the
coolest way to play I'm sorry I'm sorry
Colbert already does that no I'm
invented yeah is older than you you I
pointed one I failed congratulations to
the gov dailybooth team this is internet
that's Ryan the CEO on dailybooth one a
crunchy awards so congratulations a
dailybooth if you're not following ally
and I on dailybooth are links to supper
but Bailey booth is just posted on
Twitter saying out on a hot date go tell
me
I'm sneaky c'mon see kitty love your
girlfriend put your on a hot date with
right now no it's loading hold on the
anticipation hold on I love how did you
do that I will feed your baby bear i
love this man i love superhead the guy
closer yes that's that's why I love he
reminds me so much of someone and I
can't figure out super ahead oh my god
it's so funny okay alright so we're
having a little argument Ali issues from
figure out who are super in a six-room I
does it Andrew Garfield that man you
don't feel from the social Mary this is
this Edward that one of those are okay
you have to not look at this part you
have to not look at the head okay look
at just this creature that's because you
saw yes yes what that has a crazy
passion that photo is I used to work at
a restaurant before I get youtube in
stuff when I was in college at leas
making fun of my stack inside every time
everybody did oh yeah those are great
aren't they yes yet see exactly so the
printer one away you guys remember this
babe
it's been so long did you get all that
that's a car behind us do you hear that
that is so loud
see what you did
it's coming over me wait
hey were safely at sexy love you
giddy withdraw stripping
with chakra finale don't forget to a
mall
you
