doctor's office the doctor's office
stealing pens and I got them all in this
knapsack filled with pens show your
superpower involves doing something
villainous I borrow from the rich to
give to the poor did you guys watch the
UCB live on YouTube yesterday it's
actually really funny and this is
awesome this is better than TV it's
pretty cool
kudos kudos guys recording fail
I just tried to record myself and I said
this whole five minute thing and it
wasn't recording I don't know how to use
a camera no big deal the funniest thing
I think I've ever seen these two old
guys were walking down the sidewalk
right by campus and they each had
weights in their hands and they were
like punching and like doing these crazy
arm movements as they were walking was
like Jazzercise but mobile it was a
cutest thing I've ever seen it's like
the crappiest day out and they just
totally made my day
and they were also what they were
wearing was so ridiculous they had on
these track suits like these matching
track suits and it was like that 80's
material that's like waterproof or sweat
proof and it's like bright neon and
really dry and makes noise whenever you
move oh my gosh
so funny that would that was perfect I
realized that I just said like about a
million times but I love it in the
incorrect context because I was saying
like in terms of being similar to
something else so I wasn't saying it
like I was saying it is like as an it is
similar to that's like totally right
bird poop on my window gross
she's doing March okay and then the
other one is Marley uh-oh
got to see if they have to get their
shots this year they get your shots I
just got an email from against the
people from the NASA you guys were asked
about the whole space shuttle launch if
it was happening and let me read the
email it says that the space shuttle
launch is going to be happening the 24th
at 4:50 p.m. so I wanted to go in the
car and see if I can find my little
badge cuff it in throw it away here
there it is
found it sweet so yeah it looks like
we're gonna be going on the 24th if
you're gonna see the space shuttle
launch
so I didn't forget about it's just I
guess I was just reading email -
apparently the head astronaut who was
gonna be doing the spacewalk I got hurt
in it's not funny it actually sucks he
got hurt in a bicycle accident that this
past weekend so now he can't go into
space how much would that suck you're
preparing what was it supposed to go off
in November or something October and
then it gets delayed delayed delayed
delayed delayed and you know you're
riding bikes with your kids or just
riding bikes and then you hurt yourself
on a bicycle and then you can't go to
space that would that would totally suck
so I got my little badge so we can go
and yeah I'm looking forward to it hope
you guys are too oh I know a lot of you
guys are like wait I forgot about that
thing
so yeah 2024 he lines up the pitch
school
let's try harder places let's put on the
banana Bank off the bananas oh I am so
good all right off the picture damn I'm
so good at this school
off the big daddy oh yeah
Oh Stoller from the masturbating Batman
all right done with that now I gotta try
to clean the office I feel like a
real-life version of the hoarders you
know that show hoarders look at this it
is like I don't it's just like manual
and chords I have a box literally of
cords that's just various cords
there's probably cords that aren't even
being used right now like obsolete cords
they're probably a dial-up cord in there
an old landline phone I don't have that
you know like a hoarder syndrome or
anything like that but I feel like if
I'm gonna throw away something in like
five minutes I'm gonna need it so I just
I don't know where to begin I just want
to come to just like throw everything
away and just start at zero I feel like
that would be the easiest it's like the
photo booth thing on the computer I've
always just stopped doing this before I
break it just just to be clear what are
you working at Marley oh that statue yes
he's a very scary statue remember that
episode of 30 rock we were watching I
don't remember how long it was like a
long time ago and we paused it and it
was on was his Bruce Bruce Hornberger
what a bill you know the bald guy it was
I paused on the bald guy and all of a
sudden like it was Marlee just staring
at the bald image do you remember that
it was like a while I gotta remember
what vaga is she just sees random things
I know you're doing good job it's a big
guard dog I couldn't make a decision for
what we should do for dinner today so I
left it up to you guys on Twitter so you
said to make burritos epic burritos and
margaritas so tonight is going to be
awesome
and which mix tickets nothing
check out this scrumptious we got we got
peanut no pita bread we got tortillas we
got cheese we got ground turkey
we got sour cream and the last
ingredient secure another bag there we
go
jalapeno that was a bad idea I'm just
kidding
I don't think rolla jalapenos are very
hot actually I think it's when they cook
them they become really really super hot
that was just a bunch of trickery I
tricked you with my editing skills I
realized they're pretty good those those
quick cuts that's that's a steal watch
this
hey guys what is going I see you liked
those quick cuts - pretty good you could
just tell that I'm making burritos
because they make me happy
but he doesn't make me happy - oh that
would have been bad the jalapeno juice
ah it's funny cuz ally has been kind of
like stress that with school work and
the merch and all their stuff and I was
like hot you want burritos and she goes
can you make it with rice and then
immediately smile it came on her face so
I gotta make them Fritos with rice so
sorry burped again so we have to do
separate ones cuz out a kid took the
heat cuz I got the jumper Dino's in
there and then the hottest hottest
expletive sauce a little little dash of
this little - oh that was looking at the
screen oh that's too much that's gonna
suck I haven't even gotten to the
margaritas get the get the rice Ally's
over there working gonna be delicious
alright let's add a little chili lue
Linden
there we go the couple that's not so hot
so that's pretty good that's a good
amount it's just gonna be like basically
like fire in your your face burrito it's
gonna be delicious all right and now for
the deliciousness we gotta show our
Canadian pride right here get up oh I
don't know the Canadian anthem so I'm
not gonna do it because I don't want to
offend our Canadian brother ins
I love burrito so what Zoey doesn't know
is that Marlee is that her if she's
using Marlee as a table cookies that's
kind of weird
somebody sleepy today she was barking at
those statues all Daisy
I love margaritas this is gonna be
completely a random I just I just
stumbled upon this video and if you guys
are half-life fans you need to watch
this video just play a little clip
look how awesome this is on YouTube it's
called beyond Black Mesa put the link of
this uh bar but please go check it out
if you're half-life fan this is all on
YouTube is all self-made you got to
check this out
seriously I I honestly think like
thinking about like a video games what
to check it out Ali had too many
margaritas it's funny you have oh that's
why it sounds like you're drunk but you
have that it just makes her sex
Whitestrips I think the floor ads go
into her brain but anyway I was thinking
about it and like the half-life series I
swear I'm not being paid by anything to
do with half life but like thinking
about it like you know the half-life
game I remember I remember buying the
half-life game and I remember telling
you guys about it it was a trespasser
I bought trespasser and half-life 1 in
1998 and it is now 2011 and there's
still no end in sight with the half-life
series so it's just like crazy thing is
like half-life defines my adulthood /
adolescent hood I guess that makes sense
like a lot of people like say Mario
defines their life or the childhood of
them like that are Donkey Kong or Mario
Mario but I would have to say hands down
half-life I'm putting it out there Halo
fans half-life is the greatest video
game series of all time what video game
Mario aside for Mario because you
obviously can see the influence in my
life what video game do you think is the
best video game of all time think Kanye
West's coming up and interrupting
somebody who doesn't deserve the video
game title and he says blah blah blah is
the best video game of all time nobody
like tell me tell me in the comments
let's have a discussion or let's just
have a flame war down there everyone's
gonna be like half-life No
now half-life no halo and that
somebody's gonna be like Dance Dance
Revolution and of course I love lamp
good night
you
