hey guys so I got the stupid little
things in my mouth but I wanted to
address something really quickly
beginning of the video of our draw which
is ignored a lot of you guys hate the
new YouTube front page and I want to
show you something really quickly that
might help you out just a little bit i
just i just figured this out it's so
simple all but it helps me out ready
hello sure ok so by default it has this
thing called all activity which has you
know your friends liking things you
liking things favoriting things blah
blah blah blah i er do just click this
subscription uploads and it gets rid of
all that crap and now you can see all
your the videos and this is why I like
it this is why I like it so like see I
haven't caught up to the shaytards or
wheezy waiter in a while so like it puts
the last three videos or actually for
videos and not just the one this is what
I kind of like it but I just wanted to
show you that's that's up somebody just
texted this is how you can fix it so
it's not so lame because I know a lot of
you guys are hating it I kind of like it
more because it shows videos that I
missed so that's pretty cool what do you
think ok ok this girl I have to say
though some kind soul once again far
from my parking spot different girl is
time didn't know her the sky tried to
take spot and she told me where she was
parked and she pointed to me and said
I'm sorry she's taking the spot like I
just I can't even explain it to you like
if you help someone out i mean i know it
sucks for the other guys that like i had
gotten there first and whatever else so
you know would you do simple things like
when you kind of come to someone's
defense even if you don't know them or
just doing something generally and
genuinely nice it can really it changed
your whole day that she probably felt
nice and i felt great that she helped me
so like it's a win-win so just do do
something randomly nice for someone
because it really makes both parties
feel fantastic i promise you
and that pretty much concludes today's
episode of life lessons with Ali look me
up jumped bid on how to play this guitar
now I'd like to perform a test to see if
my reenactment is in any way accurate to
Charles's actual personality let's go
maybe no I didn't I promise I wasn't
making fun of you know I swear I swear
on cheese I mean oh you swear on cheese
cuz i love it okay just put it on put
this on I come in stand right here and
now if you were just goofing around what
would you do and what would you say
whatky talk so you just do whatever you
do someone's like gold wanting to be an
idiot of the base what would you do okay
well he just like I did remember last
time i went to get air and my tires you
guys in the comments were telling me
that gas stations are legally required
to supply air for your tires if you buy
gas and then i'll have the charge if you
go in tell them to turn it on apparently
the kangaroo station so yep kangaroo
that's really their gas stations called
kangaroo so is that illegal to charge
for air especially when you you bought
gas so tell me that comes you guys seem
to be the Super Sleuth um super super
sloths and we will all learn something
because I tribal you guys suggested and
it didn't work so i don't know if it's
if it's not legal in florida or
something as far as just like the the
out the exception I guess I don't know
but guess what I get a haircut so no
longer will i have this crappy thing on
my head and I won't have to wear this
all the time what are you laughing at
yes cuz i have a bad hair i have bad
hair ooh I need to get I need to go
there I need to give you tires I don't
know like that back right tire just
keeps going out of air something like
stuck in it so your car's not flat but
it's losing hair probably that happened
to Mike I probably had a Wolverine
punched it just like this piece of metal
and wood by the tire but they found it
when I tired it ate it it ate it it 18
and ADA did it so what kind of haircut I
guess I got a mohawk so I get a mohawk
would you love me if I had a mock yeah
she hesitated also waiting on the hotel
for New Orleans we're going to go from
Saturday this time we were gonna you
guys suggested to go with the weekend
before and stay through it so that's
what we're gonna do and I want to do
apparently there's a vampire tour and a
ghost tour yeah there's a vampire tour
yeah so we're gonna go we're gonna see
real vampires sparkle cuz they don't
they don't sparkle we're doubt it well
guess what I just convince Sally to let
me get yes that's right Justin Bieber
trading cards and we are buying them to
see what they are I'm so excited look
this popped collar that's so cool oh the
moment of truth excited oh my God look
look for both the rare and forth cards
all right Aroldis I want to get wait
wait I want to get the limited edition
oh shit hologram one I can trade with
all my friends like pokeyman do you guys
know it way you want to know something
horrible Charles yeah it's not horrible
but do you want to know something
awesome what I used to trade pokemon
cards I'm sure a lot of you and I still
have an entire booklet of all the cards
I traded I never had in the past pokemon
i was so in time totally gonna get into
these justin bieber I can't open it
okay baby seems like usually baseball
cards have like a little like care this
isn't a baseball card Hanks Justin
Bieber here we go Justin be lived and
take into consideration well look at
this anti-theft device hey in case I
decided to steal it these are what is
this i got a shoulder I got a shoulder
oh my god it's like a puzzle you gotta
come back then and then oh my god I got
a sticker putting that on my Trapper
Keeper I got him doing this looking like
a duck kind of hey do you guys have
Trapper Keepers even know what that is
is that like an 80s she's got like an
early 90s thing uh I got something Arab
aww look at this ha what is it my
eyeball look at this I'll trade you my
justin bieber during the during is my
world tour at Madison Square Garden
Justin floated around the audience's a
steel cage as he sang up from his sang
songs from his my rule 2 point 0 release
so you can get a training hard album if
you want I do it's kind of funny that
they have just just be like you know
what's really funny is like people
aren't buying baseball cards anymore but
they're buying Justin Bieber cards
congestion Bieber's not on steroids oh
but i will i'm gonna treasure my
shoulder card good because it's the best
one
scare Charles spoof is a hair and lips
okay yeah oh it's pretty look so I want
to wear my surroundings just in case of
bear attacks how is that what it up
there an affair I don't know
could be all those dead tree I'll get
bird nest all that beautiful I was
driving the other day well it was
actually sunny so it was a little nicer
business-critical the i-beam I think so
its beauty in the death of the trees yes
the beauteous what not to do in a
parking lot Darwin Award winner for sure
lady that's kind of funny I'm trying to
track Charles out of this I think you
had this maybe discussion before that he
uses what does it call got to be without
it is it's glue it really is it is glue
for your hair and I'm trying to get him
to use like um something a little like a
clay or pomade or something that's a
little less harsh Tiffany hello oh I do
my hair this angel right here that's
that's right yeah that's true I've been
trying to get him to use a different
hair stuff because her boyfriend uses
the same thing that he uses and it's
this almost smell igloo and it's like
rock hard it's like that commercial when
the guy comes out of the water now the
fish are stuck in his head that's
exactly what anything anywhere ever I
just go specially remake that commercial
right you could be the one in the
commercial real life real life fishing
with your heads wherever trust in an
island
my hair's like we're not going to die
you look so handsome do she did good job
good job cute Lacey don't keep turning
towards me very solid yes we have to get
the full 360 Ellie's losing her mind a
lot she wasn't a student she said she
graduated yeah she grabbed him and
netted two dated I am about to pick the
three random winners from our printer
contest come on our giveaway or how long
that together I will close my eyes and
thick three random people out of
everyone who submitted don't worry we'll
do another contest we have a new video
coming out a couple weeks we'll do
another one you'll like it so I'm going
to do the first one so you can see look
look over here see I have all them all
the things loaded whoops that's wrong
and what I'm going to do is this I'm
gonna put my cursor like this over a
comment and then what does this go like
that and stop randomly and that's what
the that'll be the winner so let me
close my eyes now and there we go you're
back to normal I just shake the camera
look now it's the drum roll who's that
five mannie fresh yes one white balance
again shake your camera right okay so
five Mannie Fresh is the first ones do
the second one Matt Matt Matt
this one who's that oh I'm a dress she's
getting yeah see what well that wasn't
natalie portman laughs she doesn't want
to totally and now nobody needs to make
a gift an animated gif from natalie
portman when she's like he's a really
good actor because what he said he
doesn't want to have sex with me and now
I'm pregnant with his kid hahahaha and I
love Natalie Portman but that lapis no
it's really good scary it was like how
she's like not good who is it this
person yes girl turtle damn girl turtle
bear so that's number two girl Turtle
Bay number two okay good to go babe it's
recording I'm never ready Josh like you
I never ever listened through all the
time okay already number three this is
number three to go babe right here right
here yeah we're gonna have Ali change
the space she was making fun of me as I
said change of space she was making fun
of me so we're gonna have to make it
fair she is going to pick the third
winner roll those sleeves up come on
brush your shoulders off there we go I'm
doing the marking know and the winner
Jason ladder games latter one whoo so
that is our three winners for this
current giveaway I really and happy that
you guys liked it so much white
balancing is your jogging and blowing my
mind k god it's so those are the winners
congratulations to all the winners don't
worry we're gonna be doing more of these
because if you if you like it if you
like free stuff so congratulations and
don't worry we're going to be doing
another one on the Charles Trippy
channel very very soon I think in a week
week from Sunday so make sure you're
still subscribed over there and all the
new ones on the CTFxC welcome to the
CTFxC the Charles Trippy family core so
yeah
with you
was there
you know why
you
where's the
he is
we
Molly
a
