marlies all depressed are you depressed
Marley why are you depressed cuz you
didn't get that cheese I think the
reason why there are noise that I
weighed and wake up early go for a walk
sorry guys time to get healthy do it
will this is probably a bad idea it's
disgusting Oh guys I'm walk-in that all
right let's go back to the snake this is
pretty gross but I'm gonna say oh yeah
before ever get you guys I just wanted
to tell you guys about a cool event
that's happening on YouTube it's gone
youtube.com slash eat HP ePrint live
they're having a live show with the
upright citizens brigade and Rob Riggle
i believe is hosting it you know the guy
the big guy from he's been in a lot of
movies lately but he's on most know you
guys probably know mainly from The Daily
Show it's kind of doing what we did with
the Haunted printer video is that you
guys could submit ideas to the upright
citizens brigade live and they have to
do improv comedy based on your ideas
like basically it's like a banana buying
a stick of gum and you have to they have
to do that live on youtube so that's
what I'm going to be doing friday it's i
believe the 21st january twenty first 3
p.m. eastern but i wanted to let you
guys know it's kind of like you know a
thank you to them for allowing us to
give away the printers to you guys so
yeah just put that on your calendar um
cuz i'm gonna watch it i love this if
you guys have no idea who the upright
citizens brigade is there the funny
actually Amy Poehler before she was on
SNL was part of it and a lot of other
awesome people so I definitely be
watching it I love that show too when
they had a show on Comedy Central I
wanted to basically tell you guys now
before I forgot because I want a lot of
CTFxC years to go in there so they know
that you guys appreciate it the contest
and maybe maybe they'll let us do
another one so just want to let you guys
know i'll see you guys over there friday
3 p.m. eastern january twenty first on
the links in the sub huh kinase like a
dandelion it's not really though no it
doesn't work unless you flick it
ah nature you're awesome pollinate
pollinate the world watch that's
poisonous I could do a lot of my
blogging from the car I travel a lot in
between classes and it's hard because it
there's nothing to film like I'm when
I'm on campus I have my schedule set up
so nicely that I'm literally in one
building for every class so I don't
really walk anywhere and there's nothing
really interesting to film on campus
i'll try and find something but it's
kind of boring when you just in one
building a whole time lens on my vlog
i'd go back and watch the clip to make
sure i don't sound too stupid when i say
it and the end of that last clip i just
watched my face when i turn the camera
off and I ok it's really funny because
sometimes you guys do this you send me
screen grabs of us in the middle of
speaking during a vlog and it is so
funny you guys get us doing like these
ridiculous spaces where our eyes are
half open and like our lips are drooping
and it just it's really funny you guys
are really clever so today a girl in
class asked me if I owned any animals
which made me laugh a lot because
apparently I had a hair all over my back
sweet we go on the bridge watch the poop
please don't roll in epic please please
please thank you guys were having a
little bit of a tussle amongst each
other about the way I wear my hat
apparently you guys don't like the way I
wear it so should I wear it like this
you guys want we just start wearing like
this should I start wearing it like this
that better I just I don't know I always
I know you guys always made fun of that
but I always wear my hat to the side I
don't know what it is I don't know what
it is I'm sure there's a lot of you but
if it bothers you so much just just you
know you could do to close your eyes and
just listen to me during those parts
maybe I don't know I'm stepping on the
car's not really I'm honest people did
you guys recognize this bridge anybody
from Tallahassee know where I'm out Oh
stand by tone that's it that is by far
the worst thing you could possibly ever
do to yourself it's up your tub as the
worst thing in the world I'd rather cut
my toe off than stub it it's such a
painful thing now it's bleeding I'm
always watch the poop oh my god wants to
poop it will sound like a little girl
don't
boldly go where only a few people have
ever gone before actually probably a lot
since there's a trail and it's next to a
road and pretend like we're the I don't
know that didn't happen I also has
pretty annoying news right now as well
tell you since I'm just clearing my head
and walking we went to I'll make our
reservation a reserve our wedding day
and apparently they are booked pretty
much almost until 2012 so there's one
date that we could possibly do it in
december but they have to like unblock
it apparently it's blacked out for some
reason so if they can do that we can do
in december otherwise we have to find an
entirely different location which really
is kind of annoying since we've been
looking we finally found the place we're
trying to figure that out so i know a
lot of you guys have been asking about
the wedding when it when was it and all
that stuff it was originally gonna be in
november but now it looks like Abby
December or maybe even sooner so I don't
know it could actually be the summer I
really don't want to do a summer wedding
because you know a lot of her friends
coming they're not you really used to
Florida heat and I don't really want to
be wearing a suit and I'll you know
putting on the makeup on and you know
her wedding dress so if you don't want
to be sweating xplory the summer kind of
sucks actually what's all like let's all
hold our breath and hopes that she she's
gonna call us back great actually
probably shouldn't hold her breath she's
been pretty awful first baby been busy
look it burns benefit it out maybe been
busy I notice I talk a lot when I'm
walking I think it's like one of those
therapeutic things cuz I'm allowed to
like you know time to myself I just
think think things out loud I just so
happened to camera have a camera so I
hope you guys don't mind you're helping
me with my cleansing process of my brain
and distressing process watch the poop I
can't open G
oh ok sorry that was really ridiculous I
can't freaking open this I am so weak
and Charles is not here remember how
everyone said crocs are so ugly and they
should never be used for shoes or
anything ever again well I kind of
disagree with that I think they can be
used to open as you can open let's do
this oh hold on gotta get a better grip
here Booya oh no way I totally just got
it hey totally just spilled juice on the
carpet not whatever we won't tell
Charles I'm Krabs gonna watch this since
we're killing some time I thought it'd
be a good time to look at houses but I
don't think I'd ever want to really live
in Tallahassee it's really nice but to
be honest is kind of boring because all
our friends have graduated mrs. Alice
last semester so why stay really peeing
on the sidewalk you want to own the
sidewalk using that realtor app on the
iPhone so I'm just gonna walk around and
looking at houses cuz my mom and my dad
were suggesting that we have to like
don't look at like six houses don't look
at ten houses look at six hundred houses
and you know see what you want so let's
do that let's do that together that'd be
fun alright which one is this what has
this is the house is here pretty sweet
they're all brick kind of like that it's
like very northern kind of reminds me of
when I'm you know every time I go visit
my family up in New York all the house
is kind of look the same see I'd rather
have all the houses look the same with
like brick because I know it's not
really good well I guess it could be
pretty cheap but like you know like
houses in Florida are just so cheap
looking all this is it right here that's
pretty cool I don't know if I like it
what do you guys think the style
unnecessarily this hospital so he would
you stop trying to get that thing off
your face you're ridiculous oh that's a
positive it has a fencin yard so you
guys can't be jerks and run away I don't
know I feel like this is gonna be a very
long process and this is very
uncomfortable staring into the Sun
actually just walking around here for
like 10 minutes I've almost been it hit
by like three cars I guess they don't
have a speed limit here and everyone
just drives like 60 miles an
or so I guess that's gonna be a really
crucial crucial decision-maker isn't it
you know I mean like I I don't like to
think of myself is like a grumpy old man
but when you're in Resident like there's
kids on power wheels right and they're
just like driving around the streets you
know what i mean and there's people just
like flying by I hope to god I'm not one
of those like grumpy old man get off my
lawn damn kids oh you want your baseball
back yeah you want your baseball back oh
here you go Zoe so I haven't ran and
probably I don't know how many months
has it been it's been a while right I
guess it was in September Wow September
was really when I was doing this just at
a mile in 9 minutes and 30 seconds 33
seconds so it's not too bad right
getting back into it let's get back to
running guys let's get back to running
CTFxC oop that an appeal good but if I
slip them right ah it's better if I do
this so that way i don't see where I'm
going this better though I can't really
see where I'm going though but uh yeah I
think ah can't believe I just did that
it's ran into a frickin oh I one of
those recording I can't believe I just
did that how embarrassing I guess at
this point though I'm not really
embarrassed about things that I do on
the internet but just you know a lesson
a lesson don't run at night with this
giant lamp light thing in your face
because you run into trees idiot runs in
the tree oh well this I got a title for
today's video I mean look how dangerous
these trees are located poke an eye out
I could've been really bad read my
eyeball well now that I did all by
healthy stuff I'm going to make a
delicious dinner oh yeah speaking of
actually has nothing to do with the odds
delicious dinner but um I was reading in
the comments on our iPhone app and
apparently I'm not seeing this there's a
new like a new YouTube front page like
when you're logged into YouTube the the
subscriber box is different is that
different for you guys after I don't
know if you guys can like tell me how it
is if it's like the beta I remember
seeing the beta version a long time ago
where it's kind of like a feed so it's
not like the boxes but it's like a feed
I don't know I kind of like it more
because it shows you more of your
subscriptions you know what I mean
so what do you guys think do you like it
more or less people just I don't know
they just don't like change specially in
the internet you change something on the
internet never but remember okay just
remember every little change that's
happened on YouTube and how crazy
everyone's gotten like just changing the
subscribe button from orange to yellow
it was like oh my god hahaha and now
everyone likes it or ever went out
facebook did what they do to all
recently they did something with the
wall where was like like and dislike
every was like I hate that liking and
disliking oh noes i dislike but liking
stuff is so stupid now everyone loves
the like button they love the like
button I've been in here so long talking
to you guys it's been fogging up junkie
gloating okay I'm gonna toot my own you
to your own horn perfect that is a
perfect pizza that is actually the best
pizza Bob sorry I'm just kidding making
sure it's you it's you crunch the crust
in half uh cookie what's that from oh
she's always laughing I'm Claire that is
it no that's perfectly symmetrical I
have to how we put my hand on that
business but your father you want it you
with the beta you want the plate the
money so good oh it's beauty I've never
made it feels like it I say that every
time that means i'm getting better like
a fine wine
see what you did
it's coming over hardly wait
hey where's ePSXe
with y'all trippin
likessee
yes with chakra finale
you
