no cleaning my teeth so I currently talk
did you guys understand anything I'm
saying
actually no you understand now but I
wanna see what it looks like before and
after currently these things work
I'm drilling on myself yeah sorry oh my
god shit no well there look like the cat
dragged in
can't believe she's watching that
Kardashian show it's so bad anyway I've
never really done this before
feels like waste of things the bleaching
very deep I wanted to see if they
actually work if there's actually tried
these before
it's so weird though like you take them
off but how do you take it off I gotta
still I can't hear that stuff is so I'm
not to show ah
see ya finish it's expecting like two
ah that's gross okay anyway so we'll see
what this looks like in ten days I have
some fun news guys as we decided we were
talking we decided because a lot of you
guys liked it last year we're going to
go to actually go that actually make
sense to go to actually to go I don't
think that's a that it doesn't matter I
think the fluoride is going to my brain
we're going to go to Mardi Gras again
but this time instead of going the
weekend before we're gonna go the actual
day of Mardi Gras so we decided instead
of going the weekend before we're gonna
actually go the day of Mardi Gras so you
guys get to see your boobs and your
craziness and all that fun stuff
and boobs and lots of boobs no but it's
to be fun I remember the last time I had
Ally filming everything because I felt
really bad yeah b/w mom if you didn't
know we went last year it was actually
really cool because it's snowed on the
way up dr. the lady she said it's gonna
be a butch much warmer which is actually
really good cuz last time was freezing
so yes if you guys are going to Mardi
Gras let us know if you have any
suggestions what we should do while
we're in New Orleans this year I really
want to do the ghost tour if you didn't
have time to do that last year I really
want to do that so if you have any other
suggestions that have some cool things
to do while we're in New Orleans let us
know them
unhappy ironic I don't know if that's
ironic but that was just aa catch I
would stop also I forgot to tell you
guys in the last vlog we're gonna be
going to a it's like a YouTube gathering
called playlist live with a bunch of
other like wheezywaiter bunch other
youtubers so just Google playlist live
it'll come up and all the information
that's like an Orlando in March and oh
speaking of other awesome news I have a
super-secret project that's coming out
in the next couple of weeks and you guys
are gonna help me with it you guys are
gonna be the big crucial part I just
wanted to throw a little teaser and just
just feed your baby birds just gotta
feed you baby birds what's what movies
that from its time was it was a sorry
Tosh I saw your joke drop off that was
like perfect face
but yeah it's a cool little project you
guys this is all because of you guys
asking about it over and over again and
it has a lot to do with you so I know I
just made it completely ambiguous but
yeah I know I've even told Ally
so I'll let you know next couple videos
and I'll also be announcing the winner
from the printer video I think tomorrow
the day after she's slowly coming
they're gonna look at how she she's
living with Guyver she didn't have a
satchel looking thing so she made it out
of a leash MacGyver over there
she won't hide Ali
Sally Kidd how don't you know his anyway
where'd she go oh she's up there you
totally called us out you little brat
she just totally called her Bluff she
totally went all the way up around yea
though he was playing a game with us
smart smart little bitch yeah she's
seriously the little predator that is
that is so gross she's gonna love balls
just keep doing that in front of us
sup guys I'm just Marley I'm just
hanging out yeah
just sitting here like this a hot shot I
just want to take this time to say my
appreciation to you guys as I almost
died
look at my eyes I almost died eating a
peanut no you know the thing is excuse
me you know that thing where you eat a
peanut I know is peanuts get stuck in
your teeth and stuff like that and it
comes loose and then you just so have to
be breathing in and it hits the back of
your throat and then you continue to
cough for like 20 minutes as you're like
dying and people are asking are you are
you okay you can't even say anything you
just do a thumbs up I was dying I was
seriously I was going to die okay I feel
a little bit I don't know but I just
want to I want to turn this on and just
say I appreciate you guys I just
appreciate you so we're going to Best
Buy and I'm gonna get something to make
me happy see the video rachet drove
right under the awning to drop his kids
off at gymnastics remember yesterday I
asked you what the biggest or longest
word
is in the dictionary I thought it was
supercalifragilistic UT a lab doshas
okay I want to show you guys it's hippo
Pato must rough equip look at the love
phobia that's the fear that's a fear of
long words yeah that's what this person
says is that right let me show it to you
I should put it right there
hippopotamuses that the longest word
hippopotamuses like messing with a I
beat you I beat you I beat you beat you
I win you trying to trick her last week
a couple weeks ago he's always been
pretending like she hasn't been fed Ali
almost Federer again a lot of people
been asking why the internet killed
television store the shirt store hoodie
store has been down it's because we've
been traveling and we've been decided to
take it down all our traveling because
we had to do a recount so we're
currently counting all this stuff the
good news is the hoodies are back on
sale and this is like I said this is the
last batch so if you want to get any of
these last ones probably be the last
batch of the year the links in the sub
bar if it's down that just means we're
recounting just to make sure that you
know it doesn't sell out but we got like
hundreds of emails asking about that no
the store wasn't hacked or anything we
just took it down so we can make sure we
had everything counted so we're
currently doing all that so so we're
currently hoping I wasn't gonna do that
today I'd sure enough I did give the
hiccups to
oh I'm sorry I think it scared Zoey more
than you are you drooling no for me it's
like that is he
I said gel yeah thank you yeah did that
work gonna work I'm trying to help you
with this the hiccups Oh cuz I scared
you you're welcome
yes
with trippy
in early don't forget go anymore
