ready oh I kind of three what go go go
dog party Tyson what's up Kobe what's up
oh this is the only two dogs that marley
actually acts like dogs with oh come on
Mike jersey shore fist pump fist pump
fist pump fist pump she does not like
her beliefs it's Benson Simpson shake
hands and shake shake your ridiculous
dude what are you doing hey it's so
funny though you big butts in a way okay
see she's got those booties working look
at him shouldn't even care mar okay come
on in come on walk baby come on my mark
in me me me let me see your knees it is
kitten mittens isn't it oh she got one
off up is it come on mark nope Tyson
case is a goer I'll eat it don't worry
check out this fortune cookie what does
it say what does it say
it is not outside riches but the inside
Rick ones that produce happiness in bed
I was going to lame-o the world is
perverted gonna get some mother-effing
ice cream free ice cream see the world
would be a better place if ice cream was
served everywhere you want all of it you
want the swirl look at that seriously
ice cream needs to be served everywhere
the bank the DMV nobody would be angry
at the DMV anymore
you guys ready to go getting some
gasohol get some gasohol what is all
over your nose dude is that Scott is
that dougie snot from the window being
down are you staying at a good weekend
get to chase Kobe around it's always
good oh yeah thank you doggy snot we're
heading back home it's been a nice long
weekend hope you guys had fun Oh tronic
on was pretty sweet and justin's
birthday was very fun I was very
eventful we had that the doc I've got
her heard she got a brand new computer
and imac for everyone asking was an imac
it was the higher-end imac i think was
like the 3.2 it was fun so now we got to
go home and get back to get back to work
we gotta reopen the the merch store we
closed it while we're gone because we
have to recount inventory that now he's
got to go back to school she's doing her
homework right now she's studying being
a good student ah gas is so expensive
wait oh look at that i wasn't even
trying even oh and there's only a couple
more days for the HP printer a contest
we're having on the Charles Trippy
channel so again there's gonna be a
reminder at the end of the next couple
videos just to remind you and then we'll
do like a live draw won't be live but
i'll record picking the winners and
announce it here on this channel like i
said i wish i had more to give you guys
but that's all we have so don't worry
we'll do more contests maybe i'll give
away some hoodies because we have some
extra hoodies so if you think we should
do some hoodies give me some ideas how
we should god I don't know another cool
contest but be creative what do you
study in what is various criteria to the
book of significance but that's what so
that one more time I'm curious this
criteria of cognitive significance what
does that mean it's hard to explain it
was a book cover so I was a philosophy
okay it's awful lot of awful or if she's
wrong let us know okay here I'll tell
you exactly what pieces in Temple
chem fell on my head and he proposes to
reconsider these distinctions I'm sorry
the distinctions between statements that
are purely logical and statements of
empirical significance and also between
those sentences which do and do not have
cognitive significance oh of course yeah
I totally know that killing idiots don't
understand that he'll live in himself to
a few brief remarks it's like 25 major
steps I mean seriously if you don't
understand what that is I mean really
guys everyone should know that basically
what it means is like when you're saying
something you're saying something is
like staring like almost home so kind of
losing our mind a little bit i was
making the pack pack pack pack magnet
that's how about that pac-man noise
every time i do this long trip i always
think of random questions and i'm going
to bert member i did that last time we
were walking but now i'm going to burden
you i'm gonna burn in you so if you know
any of the answers to these random
questions that probably don't have
answers let me know okay first one dear
okay no i mean there was a dearest yeah
how much do you think the electricity
bill for a Lighting Store would be let
alone a water park what do you think the
water bill is for a water park so they
can send a man to the moon but they
can't make the food taste good is
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious the
longest word in the dictionary how many
words per minute computer type how much
what Goodwin checked out before check
the template why is a chair called a
chair not a sitter I don't know Stephen
you guys know the answer that that guy's
just flashing his brights on me
Oh behind us how's the flashing
I confused anyway we're almost home I'm
going to stop blogging oh maybe all
right we'll turn this off Marley your
package came look your new sweater came
yeah just like freaking out as awesome
that's very becoming of you mom that's
very good those are white strips you're
already white dougie not food we are now
home it's really nice to be home I just
you know what I want to do why is there
a pillow under there I I'm going to go
take a shower get into the bed and start
editing and then fall asleep early for a
change oh my god they look so hot who
was the hottest one at the Golden Globes
guys who's the hottest one who was it
actually who was the hottest one III
think would probably have been I don't
know I wasn't actually watching it I was
trying to pretend like I actually
watched her who was it Thirteen's well
Claire Danes is pretty cool but I think
her dress was like she didn't go like
traditional like everyone wasn't like
like really rich colors and she was like
oh my god she was she was in summer
color and it's winter mercy it was like
pink what is he thinking that seriously
Ali's watching one of those like rundown
of the Golden Globes I was trying to
edit the vlog I'm just like no I can't
listen to this cuz they're so mean
they're so mean to those those people
walking down the red carpet aren't they
could it mean I don't know that's why I
was making fun of its kind of making fun
of them cuz Claire Danes did she look
pretty odd don't tell Holly anyway I
know taste anyway I know today's vlog is
a little short but you know what we've
been traveling it's time to attend to
calm down get your bed early get a good
night's sleep so three excuse me I just
had some salt to water now I just burped
and embarrassed myself in front of the
Internet in the world where's my manners
it's embarrassing can we move past that
we broke just forget that happened get
actually go to bed early only 1230 I'm
going to bed early so that's something
to be proud of I will see wise tomorrow
remember guys there's only a couple days
left to enter to Windows awesome
printers so just go to youtube.com /
Charles Trippy and if you already
entered just go back and leave some more
comments and enter again just better
your chances if you have no idea what
I'm talking about just click right here
on this doohickey and watch a pretty
funny skit it was pretty fun I go sayin
last time was based on a true story
where I used to do this to my mom and
what I was living with her when I was in
high school used to scare the poop out
of her it was pretty hilarious so go
check out the awesome video it was
really fun to shoot we're giving away
some free stuff like I said if you have
no idea if you already entered enter
again just keep entering until the
contest is closed so good luck CTFxC and
I will see you tomorrow I already said
that when I passed out but I came back
and woke up and did this
see what you did to
it's coming over hardly wait
that's cute
hey where's baby at sexy
Getty withdrawal trippy
where
yes with chakra finale
you
