get am I get it running get him on yeah
that makes you dizzy they're like Marty
McFly when it goes crazy over there was
a daddy okay dad dad well I'm just
stretching this layer the best way the
only way
she looks really happy
you like Slayer you like Slayer all
right I wanted to show you guys this um
you guys been posting it in our comments
a lot but you know like everyone so
while there's always comment spam and it
always says like do this and then do
this and then it'll be awesome or anyway
like I know there doesn't as a really
bad explanation but ok so if you type in
see if I can do this if you go to google
translate so it's like translate google
com alright so if you type in will
justin bieber ever hit puberty right
english the vietnamese hit translate and
then it gives you this so then you copy
and paste this right copy it paste over
here post weight what the heck did i
just do ok paste and then go to
vietnamese back to english and then it
translate it says that so I ok I don't
know if that is google being funny and
playing a joke or if literally there's
like no way to translate that to
Vietnamese you know what I mean so I
don't know if you guys know any more
information or any other cool little
tricks because I like to always like
share those but this has been going
around the comments for a while and i
just wanted to show you i thought it was
funny I know before you say before you
say all the you suck you a justin bieber
and things like that um I didn't I
didn't write it I just thought I'd show
it to you some dip oh and also if you
haven't seen on you a skit on the
YouTube accomplice Charles Trippy
channel the new video called the Haunted
printer i'm giving away three I think
are three awesome printers to you guys
so at the end of this video make sure to
go check that out and just basically the
way I'm going to pick the winner is
through comments so the more comments
you you you leave the more of your
chances is like kind of like buying
lottery tickets I guess your odds of
winning are greatly improved by the more
comments you leave so and i'll announce
it here at a couple days what the heck k
zoe has a fixation with catnip look at
this she's been eating kitchens catnip
like constantly oh I don't think has the
effect as it would with a cat but she
really likes it hmm so I was getting
high don't forget to bring a towel girls
gone if everyone just like what the hell
just happened always look both ways and
be aware of your surroundings you can do
that please don't get hit by a car we're
professionals you and halfway it was
awesome parking fail parking fail
parking fail international mall the home
of parking fails ah you're in forever
now hi I'm Charles okay yeah unveiling
show them your phone it's so sad it's
such a sad thing I'm seeing thing
hahaha check out the pan I know
excellent excellent pants very very gay
fashion so they found it that high
thanks for saying hi where is she
we just saw Becca in labor and we're
going to finish out of man
no go get her we just saw her walking
through the mall like we're gonna go get
in the back Cisco
whoa you're supposed to be freaking out
right now
years of
that is pretty weird dare I say trippy
we're going to the apple store dot is
getting a new computer and then we got
to your pc pc build it baby don't buy it
and you're nervous I'm nervous yeah it's
your first computer purchased by
yourself the second well this is the
first one outside of college so now it's
your whole new life and making movies
it's very exciting holly gets excited by
up jeans I get excited about computers
her I think of all the awesome movies
that you be able to edit on that now
dailybooth
see if you guys can find it lovely
look at Alli she's over here on
dailybooth oh my god i'm on twitter with
this way good twittering twat hey how do
you turn them on it won't work
well if I says will explode it turned on
all charged oh of course
none of a work he liked meeting I'm
beating you beating you will I win all
your mom's winning oh we had a bet on if
this loot louis vuitton the store was a
swatch store and who won who won the bet
I guess I'm gloating I'm gloating
because I'm never right try to put in my
pocket Sally coffee everyone was making
fun of you say that threw you under the
bus but they just didn't know Ali was
gonna destroy me if I didn't say
thanks to wash use your arms too much
there why we're good let me ask you guys
a question I want to see if you this has
happened to you have you ever been to a
fast food restaurant and I'm not gonna
say name's not gonna I'm not good point
blame but it rhymes with mercker Bing
you pull up you look inside you can see
inside you learning oh my god i saw the
grossest thing I've ever seen this
person sneezed all over their hands and
then grabbed my food and then proceeded
to give it to me and I just like I
literally looked at it and I just drove
around and threw in the trash it was the
most disgusting thing I've ever ever
seen in the restaurant and today I've
used to work I used to work at chili's
for the longest time and you know work
in the kitchen you see some pretty gross
things I mean like it or love it
restaurants are pretty you can't be
completely clean are all restaurants
actually Shelley's was pretty nice but I
mean like it's still pretty kind of
grinding gross I don't know I I was just
so gross i I just I feel like I lost my
appetite I'm not hungry anymore oh this
grosses me out i'm sorry i had to share
and i wanted to see if you have any
other horror stories from fast food or
just restaurants in general so let's do
story time story time with the CTFxC and
we can share and gross each other out oh
I mean it was all oh my god over there
keeps looking at me isn't that weird
that I'm talking to myself maybe if I
started doing this and I'm having an
array from my car that's a little weird
see everything happens for a reason that
disgusting thing made me remember that
I'm not supposed to be eating I'm
supposed to be eating good remember guys
you almost let me do it I know you guys
are gonna have that much of a choice but
doxy I mean healthy got a salad instead
I'm still doing it are you still doing
it no fast food eating healthy come on
if I'm doing it you better be doing it
hey guys so if you haven't checked out
our latest kid on YouTube buy condoms
that's Charles Trippy make sure you go
check it out because we're giving away a
bunch of free awesome stuff and everyone
likes free stuff so go check it out
enter it's free and it's awesome so
thank you guys will see you tomorrow
as always for 626 days thank you for
watching
wait
hey where's the ESX see
Getty withdrawal trippy
trippy and alli don't forget to eat more
you
