oh look at that just a nice little
impromptu visit to the happiest place
where dreams come true
we decided yeah what the hell it's kind
of a house a nice day but it's a day it
was nice where we were in st. Pete yeah
not so much
luckily most those things and using our
inside so and we have our year passes
which I think expired in the next month
so place will use as much as you
possibly can
well hopefully that doesn't actually
happen I gotta remember we're at O scar
that's a fun easy number to remember so
I think Danny and Valentin are actually
going to meet up with us as well I'm
really really praying that it doesn't
rain that was really bad
Ally's already getting ready to run away
going for cover feel like we're doing
Magic Kingdom because excuse it frog in
my throat whew I know we think you ever
like really think about like you know
frog in my throat
never look a gift horse in the mouth
actually I know that one that one's
because back in the day we were given a
horse as a gift you'll look in the mouth
in front of the person giving it to you
because supposedly mouth is how you tell
how healthy a horse actually is so I
guess it was considered rude it's like
the only one I really really kind of
know what are those color other cold
idioms like those weird things in the
comments right now I want you guys to
tell me your favorite one let's just
call medium so I don't think they are
and then the meaning and then that way
we can all learn something together I
told you the gift horse in the mouth one
now watch you guys become one I guess
this is the positive thing there's no
one you can't come out
our kids star and areas where you're
from Adam pick it up though by the way I
just gotta look it up and I don't think
it's gone idioms no I feel like your
idea to come free the clothes your
fridge or dad free
exactly yeah everyone's leaving like
aunt I just realized I'm wearing a wet
t-shirt
I'm gonna have a little wet t-shirt
contest right now for sure do you have
give weight to
now wet t-shirt contest at Bisbee gotta
get kicked out
first things first time to go buy an
expensive garbage bag hopefully to go
there beside okay so we're gonna play a
game don't you get the pause this video
right now on the count of three
once you tell me how much it costs to
use a garbage bag that's why I gave one
two three pause the video twenty dollars
I was like took the bag out of Justin
are you thinking I get it I was like
excuse me I think you have on backwards
bed where you put your arm I feel
ridiculous missing right now
but then again everyone else Alex can I
get a little SEC fever talking to fucker
ex I can't either
I already know if this is like actually
filming right now play it's the water
ride just thing off my shoes don't worry
about it skip don't kick you out to do
you know some people are like walking
around the puddle like this no I can't
get wet I get to the wine panel our game
plan is trying to find a line that's
actually kind of long which is that way
my way hopefully is blows over what I
think might be happening is that I will
have to use the waterproof iPhone this
is actually kind of fun though I have to
say I've never had this experience at
Disney World to play a filling a little
water just on my cup you know the only
thing that kind of sucks is I thought
everyone would possibly leave but nope I
was going to roll up my little trash bag
horrible mistake coming here
I'm verbal this day I was going to win
valleys won both of them I can't seem to
win these
so as far as it might be done rating
we look like violet
it's very
now watching like electrons
not excessive refraining with
maybe Melvina might meet up with us
there got a smart because training all
the way out here 20 minutes before got
here yeah by colouring
yes sir That's not me
we met earlier let's sticker rate me
what did secretly meet oh I was actually
you were doing that the other day
what do I have there we were in there
just amount of time because now it's
going ring
no it's cops going on everybody get down
you get ready just a little bulky triple
G now we get to walk around with these
$20 ponchos the shortest ride and we are
definitely not going on that one it is
like Peter Pan drives 85 minutes that's
old school because there's a movie it's
a small world of heaven movie now it's
just a miserable I'm not singing real
obey the Creed's immediately the Bell
commune be Drake Bell yeah who by the
way is really loaded up with POTUS
Disney Princess other than Ariel
I'm sorry that's sorry
anyway weird the feeling he has a busy
world taken to wear your colors all the
kids are little so they're like watch
bunch of em yeah and then that's
probably get out of the way what was I
talking about
oh there's only battle yellow dresses
down I know the cry sold out everywhere
I bet you that yellow Poncho's $25 so I
just love tell me where we will express
a physical meaning so bad earlier hurt
open a clear I thought we were the weird
ones that were
my god nobody it is go pack there she
goes you not loved by all poems I'm
having a ball surely stretching
imagination I play chess me out now and
consider this dismaying observations
chamber has no windows and no doors
metal is managed or crown is chilling
challenge
remain seated get off you wrote that
again
and for you
so the entire time we were in Hawaii was
like the plantation right the authentic
Dole Whip were in Hawaii and we wanted
to get in the whole time but we kept
forgetting they haven't here in Hawaii
not quite over land right it had him in
Hawaii but we have to get one now I feel
like this is gonna be good but not as
good as Hawaii would have been we try
first
monkey that prior triggering take for
the next like four days this is Ali's
first time doing the Swiss Family
Robinson treehouse oh it's so funny
because no one ever goes on it so
there's no line or anything no just a
walk through but it's definitely
something you'd like Kazu are we kidding
if I like could she live in a tree just
imagine if the true is actually real I
want to live up here yeah I sell the
house and just come up here I like I
mean I might need a bigger boat yeah the
best honey pass has begun for the
fireworks show that they're about to do
and we're going to try and get a ride
well I would've walked there here's the
thing is we've ever years I just now
discovered the Fastpass game we're gonna
schedule at all I feel like such an
idiot
we're gonna be here for so many years
you're usually doing this on top of
those things I know like how this is an
app yeah I got my girls and I know about
you like I loved Sarah Siddons are so
pretty and merciful but you look like I
don't get about I only like Monica ply
my drawing out your color are you ready
to get black king
pretty sure I've no way I don't think so
sup Tim Allen
did you win oh wait wait Oh barely won
now I jumped up camera in the hand all
the time take out some time piracy star
yourself actually opened up very well
he's like a fizzle Lowell and husband
Oh
I still want to drive my drone right
into that there beautiful
you
are you pulling away are thrilled by the
fire were throwing away turned out to be
a pretty nice day actually personally
flooring and now their get that we have
two dollars from time I think you're
kind of cheating him going around there
we go you touched it
Wow it is time to go back home
jump over that one can you jump over it
too over these big ones
can you imagine self-supporting but I
wanted to end today's video just as a
reminder to you guys out there that
everyone's unique everyone is loved
there shouldn't be things of hate in
violence a year ago today as
Washington's video Orlando was
completely shaken with the shootings at
the pulse nightclub and it's something
that kind of really struck really hard
because I mean it's our hometown and
when you have something like that happen
and essentially your backyard you feel
so angry and so disappointed in people I
wanted to end today's video is a
reminder to everyone you're unique
you're loved we're all in this together
so we need to stick together and
hopefully things like this never
happened anywhere else in the world
because it's unnecessary it's wrong and
that's pretty much all I wanted to say
it's just kind of like something I
wanted to talk about from me to you and
as a way to remember those who lost
their lives in that versus shooting a
year ago but on that note I will see you
guys tomorrow have a wonderful night I
guess
you
