I'm going to try to put this on stuff
like this pour the egg inside there and
see if it'll remain in the circular
shape I don't know how this is going to
work well that immediately failed I just
want to make this known i slept in I
slept in i made it i slept in i was a
little bit buzzed last night so I kind
of have a hangover right now you are
swaying drunk I've actually never been
that drunk so kids lesson to learn but
don't drink the apple juice anyway so
Ali was making funny because I was
sleeping in late late she had everywhere
I reply me and and so everyone was that
reply me right so I still slept in light
uploaded the video got dressed took a
shower eight and still beat you I win a
traffic yay traffic I clue ok i wanna i
wanna show now oh I don't know but you
know if you go to that Lane they're
gonna stop it's gonna live it uh no
office space the movie office space
I don't know why like your ex fit hey
next time you hear that song I guarantee
you'll start doing it yeah new trend no
instead of doing that the what is it the
soldier boy dance we're gonna start with
its called yeah the dougie that's it
that's another one it's just gonna be
the t-rex dance everyone do it next time
you got a club through the t-rex stands
ready for the scientist ients to be
science tastic I already feels sciency
maybe this won't be that cool there's
snakes everywhere this is so you have to
put a little little face thing on right
give you look like a Tories prepare so
it's like being in real life but you're
not I feel like something is oh wow
hello hey hey that's so weird
terrified you can go shoot what really
kick back like that what you doin
Charmander I'm gonna go kill some aliens
how about you gonna do oh wow oh my gosh
you got me gun I guess you operate it
like a video game this is this is your
surgeon in the future guys kind of put
rubber bands around oh really for those
who actually watch football stuff this
is that EA virtual playbook I guess you
just like stand on the thing and it puts
like the little guys yeah you puts
little guys around you for demonstration
and they're actually going to let us go
and do this in there to film it and I
can actually put in the blog so thank
you EA Sports wait he's not really there
what this is weird man
yeah Ali's off into that you see okay
that's good
Oh
No
you
you
Oh
No
he's better awesome thank you guys thank
you thank you yay for that that's
awesome oh they like each other Alec and
I have never ever seen MMA so we're like
don't even know what we're do you want
to let me up please i have no idea
what's going on you're finding the zone
really really that's my guy I 110 it's
time to lay down and you on YouTube I
got nothing it's like Robin Williams
alright so we're here at the Science
Center and the wig or Gabe Kyle Eddie
right um here's of YouTube's or yes on
you're doing is kind of saying how do
you say you don't how to say your you to
know it's weird oh like its Evie om I am
a tion I have no idea what thank you Tom
sighs you'll end up there what are you
guys good no nothing I'm just like an
extra
hello
hey girls car hey you gonna fall charged
with a kettle follow the sound of my
voice
this is what he's seeing yeah
whoa
okay slow baby small steps
how do you feel yeah actually makes me a
little nauseous really all right I'm
scared you're going to fight some aliens
Scott Speed Ali speed good luck out you
broke it Ali I'm sorry go to the park
bench go to the bench go to the event
you're almost there found another one
what's your name Debbie YouTube I know
edit Switek Twitter am looking nice and
he just found us oh yeah so he just left
a tie between voicemail for his friends
there i feel bad i mean it wasn't mean
but I was like why aren't you here love
kind of yelling at her on the way she's
a biatch that thing is wicked listen I
know this is going to sound really dumb
but I'm from Florida and I've never seen
a gator swim I've only ever seen him
either stalking thing where they're like
part way out of the water you know what
it is and this is so cool gross yeah you
can't see in the water either that's yes
look at the moving in the legs let's see
that's the stalking thing where their
heads just barely out of the water
zzz Scott
I got some skill I got the skill okay
it's gonna start fist pumping there goes
yeah so my favorite thing are the people
that believe that dinosaurs didn't exist
that doesn't exist no but you all those
people are like yeah dinosaurs they
never walked the earth like seriously
yeah yeah they did and they were huge
and that is amazing imagine like real
Jurassic Park actually if there was a
real if it was really a Jurassic Park
would you go i don't think i would go my
god it's me I'm on to Las orissa sir Sir
and I big t RR would you say about my
mama did you guys know that pi is 3.14
such an inconvenience you could just
move over i'm just gonna smile and all
the extinct it's a wave pool
you guys know me when we see green
screen you gotta have fun with it ally
you need an umbrella quick there's a
bear run run from a bear yelling the
giant jellyfish you're in the water
display your swimming now you're on top
of a cliff quick you fell there's
another bear you're running toys the
bear run away way too many dudes a small
area you look you know what you look
like your mom in that 80's photo with
all the firm sorry Lawrence it's
courtney love everyone
because I way to do that way too well
it's a sandstorm it's a call whoa okay
those are great contacts that's awesome
those are terrifying don't break
character yeah you need to be mean if
you're gonna be a zombie thanks Tommy
can you bite my neck thank you yummy I
have to protect the truck in saving
space is usually jump with us I don't
think it's like you know only it's like
gonna be like a half life or anything
like that where's my crowbar yeah how do
you turn to your question right are you
gonna use the best riding i've got to
use the about a cheat sheet he's
australian know how they do things down
under that no no no we don't get fit
again so far boom headshot oh just look
safe safe is so crazy where are your
aviators
Wow
I'm supplying the blind singer / ha wait
I let yourself near the air in the air
that's how I got the air all right thank
you do a barrel roll all right this is
charles playing with a stick already
your new barrel everyone double tap seen
all right so we got another CTFxC r this
is dusty Dusty you want to want to shout
out your channel a dusty broom films go
say hi so Oh tronic I was actually
pretty cool I hope you guys had fun I
want to say thank you to EA for letting
us have the little footage and stuff
like that and electronic on four
actually oh hey how's it going just talk
to me okay there we go um if we're
inviting us out here so thank you guys
and those people were they weren't too
happy about that but but they look
anyway but anyway so we're gonna go
downtown apparently we're gonna hipster
place called high bar right it's very
hipster keynote room she walking like a
crab it's all fighter this is where all
the hipsters go
and the net were they
crazy right now
I
look at that looks so cool
let's go through the secret passage so
cool i won't lose my house our first
house that's the first door that's going
in where are the camera right there oh
this is pretty gross best drawing ever
yeah I guess there's some bridal party
he definitely likes you Tom yeah this is
the rave under the bridge section of
orlando hey guys hope you guys enjoyed
the video i'm just getting ready for bed
now and i just want to let you know to
watch today's bonus video on our iPhone
channel and you can watch me go to the
danger zone yeah you want to see it you
know you want to see so just click right
here and go check it out or go to our
cell phone channel youtube.com stress
trippy all right I want to get some
sleep in a long day I hope you guys had
fun see you tomorrow
can't wait to see what you did
it's hardly wait up
we're CTFxC
with y'all tripping
yes which are 15
don't forget to anymore
you
