I can't sleep hey guys so it is yeah so
five in the morning I hadn't been asleep
at all like I'm like an insomniac right
now but you know you know like when you
just like lay in bed and you can't fall
asleep I was doing that for like hours I
was like you know what comes to get up
and be productive so yep pretty much
gonna pull an all-nighter so I guess I'm
already already did that destroys I've
ever Zoe cheese now for Florida you
gotta admit that's pretty freaking cold
25 degrees so as you can see I fell
asleep for a couple hours is now eight
o'clock in the morning so three hours
now I'm going to our favorite place and
dropping off this stuff I like this
class I'll put the video we start
driving down to Sarasota because this
weekend is that event we're going to in
Orlando and as well as justin's birthday
so it should be pretty fun fun filled
weekend I feel like after announcing
announcer voice CTFxC this will be a fun
filled weekend haha yeah the man with
the golden boys yeah I could be the man
with a golden voice too that's a sweet
and you're pretty darn i was driving to
go pay for the merch and i noticed the
fountain that we saw last time still
frozen we're not still frozen frozen
again so cool mezmorized a lot of you
guys have been asking where the the
cover song that Ali and I we're going to
do and where the zombie videos I'm
waiting I'm going to post a the printer
video this sunday and then after that
I'm going to post the zombie video and
then after that the the cover song the
reason why these have been taking
forever is the zombie video I did I
couldn't find the original files so that
was I was my Homer doe moment and then
for the after hours I've been having
this problem can you guys see this way
what I switch my bass track keeps going
missing so I have to keep re-recording
almost every single time the bass track
so it doesn't make any sense I don't get
why it's doing that everything else is
here I think maybe I mean everything
else is there so you got everything
except the stupid bass track which you
know it's pretty important because it's
a big
it's a base driven song so I have to
record the base and then have to do the
vocals though since Charmander was so
sweet this morning and got me and Jonah
I decided to get him favorite Vangie got
me like Barbra Jean Oh from the devil I
keep saying that the devil when I say
that I hope you realize I mean it's
actually good but it's the devil just
kink and Wakeman it's the worst it's the
best at the same time I'm obsessed with
this so cool give me my damn today like
are all over the literally all over the
globe
taking people's money for coffee this
shouldn't be that expensive but is
anyway yeah that'll be done I know I
keep saying I don't want to keep hyping
things up definitely not hyping anything
up these are you know really this is a
important song for me because this alien
eyes are keeping on one of our songs in
a zomb a video I really think it's good
but I'm not trying to hype it up I swear
I'm not just I keep having bad luck so
just want to give you guys an update I'm
waiting for I'll I get back that might
as well record the bass track again so
it gets lost for the fourth time then
then we go tronic on on Saturday you
guys go into that should be kind of
interesting video games finally got the
base back in there you ready finally so
face is in there now I get the vocals I
swear if GarageBand loses i'm only using
GarageBand if GarageBand losses that
bass track for the fifth time I am going
to rerecord it because there's nothing I
can do oh look at Ali got me probably
not the best idea but it got me to
record the track in time so okay now we
gotta pack we gotta go I always got the
base good girl go higher you know if
you're really amazing if we figured out
how to make them harmonize like the
notes to make them harmonize
I know look like a you know what it
looks like in city 17 and half life
that's what it reminds me of
that doesn't look good
apparently Marley kicked Zoe up the
chair which is usually the opposite
still driving still driving all I wanted
to show you guys this little girl makeup
like what oh my gosh that's like it what
happened to bread bread oh I think I try
to eat bread every day Greg Greg Greg
would mediocre films yeah yeah I he
talked about bread on Twitter and I was
like I think he was probably talking
about the food though not Greg let's
talk about the band knowing Greg he's
trying to live it up so i just wanted to
show you guys I perhaps I don't know if
I never showed you guys I want to see
how many people were actually in the
live show when this actually happened I
guess shut your mouth that usually has
been I think it was probably a year ago
maybe year and a half ago I was doing a
live show and i was tricking to some why
i was loosening up and drinking some
wine and I spilled it all over my
computer and then this happened see the
illumination is like a giant V so you
obviously it spilled all over here and
here i just wanted to see if any of you
guys worked in the live show if you
remember that because i did it and i
immediately shut the like the live show
up and then I open it up another
computer you guys were making fun of me
this always seems to be at the same
spots have you noticed that we always
seem to stop at the exact same spots
every single time just randomly always
at the archer gainesville mcdonalds you
guys are in gainesville at archer this
mcdonalds so we marley just peed on that
trash can I don't know what it is
because this
these dogs and the static electricity
and all that stuff every time I'm
sitting here like this and so we just
like lick sweet sparks I'm not kidding
like there's literally a spark I was
holding my iphone so I guess I was
conducting some sort of electricity and
my computers are my lap and then she
just went like that or fur and you can
see a spark right over my nose we just
need a harness Zoe's electricity it's
like what's going on what's going on and
she learned her lesson top in my nose
hello hey hey hot stuff shake your booty
we're meeting up with everybody uh oh
guess what I forgot guess what I forgot
I forgot the charger I brought the
charger but luckily Wyatt you know
Justin's friend has the exact same
camera so he's letting us borrow it for
Oh tonic on nope no smoking no smoking
smoking don't do that
oh no no no what we do don't say thank
you to Wyatt for saving saving the day
because now we have a what oh look at
that oh that's snazzy right there I
don't know maybe it revealed oh ok we'll
deal i'll let you know when they have
the channel out that way you guys can go
subscribe and things like that you can
do it forgetting justin's birthday
Anna's leaving going to Spain whoa in
Spain gotta find Hannah now any Spain
CTFxC errs I'm not gonna tell you where
she's at don't worry this look for the
ocean she'll be on a surfboard cameras
are better he's got the five it's way
awesome don't leave Danna no Hannah is
going to Spain for six freaking months
it's a long time that's a long time but
you're gonna surf you're gonna be lots
of awesome people hey there are you
singing yeah tell me the address and the
phone number even if I wanted to you
don't know yeah that's the way to be you
will travel and have no friggin idea
where you're gonna end up I like that I
do say Oh visa it's anywhere everywhere
you want to be it it's a party in front
of applebees party what that's sure to
showed up really behind you and I
panting am I good hold on I'll get it is
a jersey thing jersey shore just know
myself jersey shore distraught up next
to us right on the fight the biggest
balls of any person who doesn't have
balls I've ever seen we lost the panel
have a camera
ah your coots know who not me that's a
no hey Jessie pretend to like drop this
over the thing I was calmer than the
fact you can't know you can't take my
prize possession and think I'd be any
you you
it's coming over the army wait
hey where's ePSXe
Getty withdrawal trippy
Lexi gonna share
yes with chakra p
don't forget it's going
you
