the financial specialist talk to an
associate so yes in order to get to it
associate you must make a valid
selection talk to representatives and
choose from the following options dr.
associate 9q touch hung up on me good
morning guys i'm just uploading a bunch
of videos imma putting mine and my
little sister on her channel i'm
uploading a video for her and i just
want to show you a little clip i'll put
a link down there below you so you can
check out Melissa's video i highly
recommend it she goes and tries to find
our t-shirt and hot topic but there's a
little section we find it there's this
little section of her dog Tyson you guys
know Tyson right and Daniel her
boyfriend Jason does this little trick
what he tries to kiss you and then gave
notice closes his mouth and it's the
funniest cutest thing I've ever seen in
my life ok so let me show you it really
quickly alright watch him i I've never
left obviously I was seriously watching
that and I started laughing like a hyena
and Zoe got freaked out and she came and
protected me but anyway go check out my
sister's channel youtube.com slash Mel
if you're not subscribed you can see
what my little sister and my family are
always doing and you can see Tyson news
who's equally cute and Kobe who's
equally cute to Zoe Marley so i'll put
the link down there but it's really easy
to remember youtube.com / mail so shout
out to my little sister what what anyway
I've been on the phone with companies
but my bank paypal our tax guy basically
attacks season text seasons coming again
but I've got out of my pjs do Yama's
what it like pajamas how does it pjs
still weird word right pajamas
is just sleep wear whatever but just
sounds that sound so professional like
it's like oh you just woke up oh no no I
just haven't changed out of my sleep
wear yet you tell him Zoe what's wrong
you a drunk I'm so wasted right no dirty
man that was a whole lot of me right
there was soon at Ali's up to this is Oh
first we found Lauren hello we stopped
for a hot dog break ah I present you
lost so we're in we're in diff and or
indifferent bagel diffenbaugh because
this glass is a mirror on the other side
and here i can see people so people come
up to this class all the time they like
fixing your hair picking their teeth or
whatever and like I can see it on this
side so look at you a mare it's a mess I
just love it so much also there's hot
dogs right there also they're hot dogs
right there which we can't resist it's
like it's a basis set up that's like a
that's a plan as a business plan for
sure because you walk out and you smell
them and they're warm and toasty and
it's freezing I was just a stoplight in
all three cars that were in line their
blinker was flashing at the same time
that is so cool to me it's like a weird
moment in the universe when they're all
perfectly synced up think it's so cool
christina was at the other parking lot
and I like told her where to go to wait
their first spot and she was like
waiting for a spot at the same place I
was so we're working as a team now I'm
gonna tell her if they're open spots in
this garage cuz I don't know if I ever
told you parking on fsu's campus is
ridiculous the devil it is like the
hardest it's harder than any of my
classes that's for sure akala pasado
algo muy interesante muy divertido creo
que debemos traducir nuestra cancion al
espanol como hace como porque to legal
so most ePSXe
animals of all giddy for chunky alley I
think it's me funny barley do you trick
Oh would you bring you brought a bone
how to do it oh you're making out with a
dog ooh she's like the butt Oh your
sister forces Oh get a bottle dinner oh
yeah sorry do you hate me no it's
jantjie beige aqua h i j k l m n o I
morality and cute I forgot hey college I
did a SF side can't do Spanish it's our
w yeah x and then y and then zzz zzz
literally this it's weird because you're
tracing its each year so yeah so it's
backwards it's a backwards seed I just
noticed when Allie likes a song she
plays it over and over I took ASL in
college because I couldn't do spanish
too well let's do spiders I couldn't do
my hablo espanol because I was so ok
here's something fun today Oh a what I
can't be a Spanish major who lived in
Spain the fiance who says it like that
hablas SI hablo so i have something cool
we got the windows up cuz it's so
freaking loud in here so last night i
was i was perusing my @ replies on
twitter you know that website where you
cannot reply people alright opinion
hiruzen it's a fun word oh you guys
apparently watch the show called the
george lopez show I didn't know people
still watch date to be honest so they
use apparently a two second clip of our
proposal video for i guess i asked it so
a lot of you guys have replied me and
told me so here's a tiny little skit of
our proposal clip in the whore horn
lopez Jorge Lorca Lopez Jorge Lopez so
check out
so don't get me wrong that was pretty
that was pretty cool I guess they liked
our video and they want to use it huh
maybe we're we're in the credits I don't
know you guys you watch the show maybe
we were I guess thank you por jorge
lopez for using our clip but next time
just ask will let you use it just ask
okay and another cool little thing
apparently I don't know if it's today
but yesterday just like member last year
less februari when we were going to
mardi gras my Melissa were going to
mardi gras and it started snowing in
Florida and that was apparently it was
snowing in every single state except
hawaii last year apparently it was
snowing wait this is snowing in 49 out
of the 50 states and not Florida but I
couldn't have been snowing in Hawaii
right does it ever snowed in Hawaii he
couldn't of snow in Hawaii right it
can't I don't so this anyway this
article was wrong but check out this
photo 15 16 oh maybe there you can see
that there's snow in every state except
Florida and I guess a Hawaii so but it
says 49 out of 50 states so I guess
that's a fail anyway so i guess it was
snowing just like a like last year I
guess global warming is taking an effect
we're taking effect it would mean it
wasn't global snowing is taking in
effect global freezing whoo can you tell
I've been in the house all day the new
paperwork we're actually going to the
bank right now and we have a meeting we
were meeting with a burnt hate being
stuck in the house all day I was chasing
the robot vacuum all day with Zoe
Charlie you want a house on this road I
want that house no I want that out that
help and the house now these are kind I
don't like this house or too old when we
start looking for houses you're gonna
hear me say some pretty stupid things
like I don't think I want that house no
this is serious I'm not gonna want that
house because it could be haunted and
i'll be like it's too old it could be
haunted his grandma the grandmother died
and he'd be like yeah my grandma's still
in the house and you know she turns on
the lights when I tell her turn on the
lights and apparently I I guess he had
one of those touch lamps but this was
when I was younger and it realized that
you can touch lamps and they would turn
on here like sprite global warming we
need to put a giant ice cube in line in
the ocean like futurama says you're
driving like crazy person trick me to
thinking there was a ghost his ghost
Graham I was living in the house so I'd
be like Grandma if you're here turn on a
lamp and he would kind of touch it with
his foot without me knowing it was like
the entire lamp is metal so if you
touched it you know it's like an iphone
/ sensitive I got it left here next one
oh yeah are you wrong yes I'm wrong
Jarrett don't um so ghost grandma didn't
exist but it would be kind of cool to
have a pet ghost not really a pet ghost
but like just a ghost that you can like
scare your friends with things or maybe
like Casper the Friendly Ghost I'll be
pretty sweet that's a second time you
sat down like a week I know because we
thought you were a ghost ah here we
thought out it was a good I'm gonna suck
I'm a thoughtful just rambling now this
gets the dog some toys they need more
toys dogs always be toy oh my okay say
no to that say they don't say no to that
no se nota then look at that you can't
say that guess I love you the old ones
no the dogs all toys I would do terrible
bye kids hey kids do you want a goat and
a sword Shh I think we should get these
in battle to the death ready
ready ready 1 2 a guard oh come on you
always go for the head County cheats she
goes straight for the head I at least
try to wound you you go to wound and
then you make them crawl and then you
wound up again just think Monty Python
you shot the one leg off so he's like
this just a flesh wound and you cut the
other one and the other one it's kept
you like the Black Knight scrubbing
dirty internet is it filthy I know
exactly what I'm gonna get you her
Valentine's Day oh they're sold out hey
how's that beaver trading cards come on
I who doesn't want that seriously that I
was just joking and they actually are
sold out that is ridiculous yeah few
days are you guys sir come on someone
I'm look there we go there we go brah
that's good Stan good party who anyway
so I forgot to tell you guys earlier we
were invited to an event on Friday so
we're gonna be heading down to orlando
on friday it's called like oh tronic on
or electronic on i'm probably saying it
completely wrong but remember are we
supposed to go to Tron convention and uh
we're worried in LA yeah like wait
where's my brain so this weekend we're
gonna go check that out with a couple of
our friends you might recognize them
it's got a lot of like cool like EA
sponsoring it so it's got a lot of cool
little tech gadgets like virtual reality
suits and things like that the best news
is we have complete permission to film
everything so you guys who can't go
we'll get to see it in that she'll
shall be awesome and you shunt be
disappointed internet it will be cool
see what you did today
it's coming over hardly wait
hey where's easy a texty
giddy with y'all tripping
yes with trust raphy an early
you
you
