good morning guys I'm an Eskimo not
really
Maxo Sicilian
but that doesn't sound nearly cool
baby whose 'l it is super early right
now as you can see by the dew on the
window and that the darkness in this guy
is you guys know I don't get up with
this darkness in this guy now he's not
feeling too good because you know going
back to school yeah you're amongst all
the germs and disgusting people that go
you know what I'm gonna teach you guys a
lesson right off the bat right into the
video when you have to sneeze or cough
what do you guys do seriously what think
about what you gotta do what you gotta
do okay I'm rambling okay I'm tired okay
I just woke up this what we're doing
when you cease your cough what do you do
you going this nice to meet you or do
you go like the vampire cough or you go
that's what you're supposed to do pop in
here and be like a vampire you're
keeping cool like this it looks cool
just don't do this cuz then you shake
people's hands when you first meet them
then you spread the disease and the
germs
and then you end up at CVS Walgreens or
Rite Aid where the hell are we I like
3:00 in the morning
he came to see something silly you
really think so poofy Zoey
there we go oh there you are heizo oh
hey Marv kind of liked it with my little
hat because here just look at the candy
aisle right now
shame
if you see it no it's how glowing why
does it do that there we go you'll never
see it now okay I thought for you there
she is
let's crush your head crush gonna rush
it with Kashi's head crush your head sir
Kurdish it it gonna rush it rush okay I
don't get this why do you go in this way
and out this way you're supposed to go
in this way and out that way does it
make sense the doors that'll get it at
least you got that I was like sitting
here looking at I was like wait what's
going on I'm gonna crush this head again
crush crush crush oh you ran away
it's CVS Walgreens from Europe no
clothes what do you do it it's raw
septic oh you want this you'll make it
all knows rent real numb
I don't know that childproofed you need
a man you need a man to do it
made a man not a woman whoa man are you
gonna used to keep no I think every
mother watching this now is cringing he
thinks it's food I'm just gonna leave
this recording and watch you struggle is
Kevlar it's Kevlar on the Chloraseptic
I'll just leave you jokes and I'll leave
all the jokes for the comments okay okay
seriously I'm getting bored yeah there's
a tearaway you like that right what the
what's the point of a perforation if it
doesn't perforate perforating
that sucks so bad but it works dude all
right I'm a professional I'm older I can
do this I have a professional I have oh
here's a guy could crush his head
these boots familiar for walking and
that's now it's day two so now you're
gonna walk oh okay I was trying I
couldn't figure out not a rapper what
that's true
simmer down guys simmer down all right
here's like walked into the wall how you
feeling
feel better no that's not a thought mom
can't stop this up you can't like this
post No
well sorry Zoey geez the thing is but
with Marley hits the bell it's always
dainty when Zoey does it's always just
like just does that depends how pissed
off she gets I guess how long she's wait
mine I hit the bell come on
that's right see how many spins you can
do in there first let me see you get in
there that doesn't look awkward at all I
think you got it now you have to spin
yourself
oh I want to go on the swings let's have
a swing contest what's with this new
type of gravel looking oh it's tired
it's recycled tire isn't it man what
happened to sand and mulch so you got
splinters in your toes when you're
running up that you're right well though
fall I can't come and get you because
the dogs aren't allowed over there just
don't hurt yourself have you never been
in a tire swing there we go the New York
City do you guys ever think over the bar
I always thought I could do it I would
never got dead never realize my dream I
see why they have rubber tires now that
makes sense it's better than mulch in
the face oh yeah ah this could Bend on
your Buick right here can you beat it
you can't beat it it's not that far it's
disgusting oh I'm bleeding geez
oh you did like the Superman thingy in
old the old woman marlis like I'm
freaking out I'm freaking out I know I
know she's gonna get herself hurt trying
to beat Charles Derby's long jump can
she do it
whoa that was kind of cool that was
pretty good if I hurt myself I try to do
it and the dismount
nice what is this is this for like the
lazy people that don't know how to swing
or maybe babies know don't like this
make sure you feel weird oh man they
need to make a big adult 100
oh no wet buoy I didn't see it myself
do you think I'll hit that man
you're kidding right like this fix it
pushing like this so like Oh double
pwned wish they do spiral sure oh babe
your head almost hit the concrete okay
as a pseudo mom not really I'm calling
this no no more no more Charles get
Charles Paul get off the swing what
should I do
not that weight on your butt yeah go
ahead you know try and tuck and you said
I couldn't hit yeah you turned and Leia
rolled my son sorry she does this yeah
she's like she grinds her little teeth
like a horse chopping whoo so I need
that I need to apologize oh wait this is
all blurry really fix it every time I
leave the blurry thing there's always
people in the comments like is the video
blurry or do I need glasses no you don't
need glasses just this video this camera
is kind of strange like a horse
comment a bit I have to apologize for
the look at the blue trap bad-mouthing
the rubber yeah it actually is really
nice
I felt like several times you can see my
my wrist is kind of dirty now didn't
hurt at all like a giant trampoline any
minute Zoe up P number three Oh Marlene
wants off now
my butt's all wet stop
very comfortable trying to get Marley
standing on the log it's pretty
difficult
Ali and her Stern voice you brought you
run you'd listen right hey you listen
look you tell him hex she goes in the
woods and then she goes into another
woods because she's been cooped up since
we were packing all that merge they get
the runaround now is that your Zoey run
let me see that that's that's a sexy
strut right there it's true look she's
doing all right now oh I thought you
were way ahead of me she digging oh yeah
we gotta make sure to cover that back up
did you want that root or something I
like this new digs on command but she
doesn't do anything else on command the
bird keeps landing and this teasing
Marley get Marley over there that was
pretty adorable the bird would fly five
or ten feet and then stop and Marlow to
catch up and fly another five or ten
feet circle around and come on repeat
like Marley trying to nab her is so cute
Marley made friends with a bird No
are you an idiot what are you doing
sweet looks like we got a delivery it is
actually my favorite day of the entire
week it is Tuesday
it's getting weird right I haven't your
favorite gave me a Tuesday most people
it's like Saturday or front actually
what is what is your favorite day of the
week Internet what is your favorite day
I will tell you why
mine is Tuesday because new video games
and new movies come out on Tuesdays on
DVD and blu-ray and stuff like that so
and I like guys now I already like
movies so I'm going to Best Buy I think
I want to get though a social network or
something like that I think that's out
that was a pretty good movie right guys
like it I really like I think Jesse
Eisenberg is becoming one of my favorite
actors my all-time favorite actor you
guys already know what is it I said I
was plays play game let's play game what
are my two favorite actors see if you
guys know I don't know it's kind of
weird like ever since I can remember
like when I was in school and stuff even
in when I was in school Tuesday was
always my favorite day it's kind of odd
most like most the kids were like oh
your new bride is better Tuesday I don't
know so what's your favorite day sorry I
just had to show Marley in the way she's
laying in between like how he really got
look he's like on the crack you know
what she wants revolutionary sensational
mammoth exhilarating a brilliant film
seriously do any of you guys ever say
any of these things
when watching movie do I mean like
seriously do you go hey so how was the
movie did you like Avatar
Oh sensational it was the most
revolutionary a mammoth movie I've ever
seen ever maybe I'm just being a little
cynical revolutionary riveting mammoth
that's what it says revolutionary
if the mammoth triumphant sensational
yeah okay
she doesn't care are you a commentary I
said that really weird why are you doing
that they scare you
I'm sorry please please don't hit me
with the movie please don't hit me with
the movie Oh that is pathetic
now this is one epic date 1111 On
January 11 2011 just wait for 11-11-11
yes
giddy with child tripping
where
with Gianelli
you
