hey do you remember these guys they're
back sort of get rid of them now thanks
to yesterday we packed for roughly 14
hours and we pretty much caught up 100%
with the merch so I'm pretty I'm pretty
happy right now I feel I feel cleansed
I feel clean I feel I feel accomplished
I'm gonna drop this off at the post
office
I'm totally gonna totally go piss them
off but its revenue for the post office
so they can't get too mad I think I'm
just so tired I'm just trying to wake
myself up okay here we go there we go
post office oh yeah
VIP VIP at the post
good afternoon CTFxC it is a disgusting
disgusting day I was so excited cuz the
other day was so beautiful and I was
gonna film and show you how pretty
campus was it was total blue sky last
night it started raining and today it is
like I was just talking about it with my
friend it's not even like it's raining
it's just like this foggy misty ice cold
wind shoes on the power line windshield
wipers giant cannon on a lawn burn down
house there's a lot of cool stuff that
you can see on this road the weather
you're in Florida has been super weird
lately it's been really good it's like
seriously it's like northern weather
right now it's like super gloomy and
rainy and cold it's very not Florida
like very strange very strange to get
used to I was gonna start running in the
morning but when I woke up after I'd
drop the stuff off it started pouring
stupid weather I shake my fist at you
hi guys yeah can you tell that we
haven't been to the peel box in a while
I walked in and there were like did you
leave the country
oh man ketchup boy hey you're not
supposed to be up here no get in the
backseat get in the backseat get the
besties don't be an asshole Marley oh
speaking of asshole here's a little
lesson for everybody who's who's young
and impressionable when you when you are
walking somewhere in public and you can
see somebody struggling to open the door
because I don't know he might be pushing
a cart full of a bunch of packages
I don't just you know just maybe I don't
know hypothetical and you can see this
person struggling as they're trying to
back into it
without bringing the glass and now the
package is falling when you're the
person that goes excuse me and wedges
between that person and the door and
doesn't even hold the door open and just
continues you sir or ma'am or a dick
okay don't ever do that if you see
somebody struggling please open the door
please just open the door karma it'll
come back around good or bad and a bite
you in the butt
all right maybe if you're good it'll be
good karma and then maybe I'll give you
a piece of candy instead of biting you
in the butt because nobody wants to be
bit in the butt it's weird
they're both being little brats
they think there's something you know
hey do you think this treats we have to
go through all that stuff
but I get some Pistons so they don't
freakin die gonna get some fish food so
they don't die gotta get the beers food
so they don't frickin die god I get the
fish food yeah
you guys like that I totally wrote that
it's called gonna get some fish food so
they don't frickin die yeah you know
what it's thinking the other day if we
filmed every minute every second of the
day every hour of the day like a 24 hour
vlog how many people would actually my
windshield wipers squeaking how many a
people would actually still watch that
like just think if we made true true
life daily videos you would literally be
a day behind it would take you a day to
watch a day you and I mean I think
they'd be almost impossible for people
to keep up with I wouldn't even be able
to keep up with that I wonder what the
render time would be maybe one day maybe
for our two year our two year
anniversary or whatever you want to call
it of the daily vlogs on May 1st maybe
we'll try to do a 24-hour vlog there'd
be a lot of filming I don't think that a
camera that could be 24 hours because I
wouldn't miss it I would miss a minute
because I would have to switch memory
cards ideas flawed sup turtle
don't judge me have fun with the
stupidest things I hope I will always be
like this
when I'm 50 always a child never grow up
kids never grow up actually there should
be a clause on that I don't mean never
grow up and be immature
I just mean learn to have fun when
you're older because there's so many
people that I know that I've known as
like you know in this high school middle
school and you know they used to be the
most fun people ever but then once they
they grew up and they they got real jobs
and things like that it just took the
fun out of them you know what I mean
like they don't joke and I don't know
it's just there's a couple of my friends
that still know how to have how to have
fun and still be able to like reconnect
to the I want to say the innocence you
know what I mean like I I don't know I
don't I don't know what I'm trying to
say is that you know you don't always
have to be so serious with life you know
what I mean like you can always you can
laugh you could have jokes you you don't
have to be this like like you know you
don't have to be like that I mean it's
good to be like that every once in a
while
and sure enough I believe it or not I
can be I have a serious side but you
know at the same time I hope that I
always am able to connect to the non the
silly side the silly Charles if that
makes any sense I don't know I'm sure
you know some people that have done that
you know I have I've grown and oh that's
a post office well continuous like this
basically guys stay young
I guess that's morally just she feels
that you're not paying attention to her
she's just like let me just scoot right
here what oh yeah
the painting this week is is cleaning
out our life week so we're basically
trying to gut everything that's why
things have been slow we're basically
trying to just get reorganized like
basically take take some things like
some extra furniture to Goodwill and
things like that
why
basically I am going to fight you shut
up I know I saw I saw this nigga star
I'm such a I'm such a sucker for like
that although I don't think you want a
dog to really kiss you here's a dog
treat give me oh he's that like pee-wee
Herman you don't know no you snatch okay
be good that's you know what Marley is
what that movie snatch is all about the
squeaky dog that that would be Marley ow
jeez jerk looking good babe like that
you like very wobble no you know you
should always lift with your back you're
always supposed to lift with your back
that's your noveltones never ever ever
lift with your legs that's that's a
rookie mistake
oh we lift with your back and then when
you and then when you walk you're
supposed to walk and really get normally
so that way you get a shoe workout
that's what you're supposed to do okay
she thinks she's happy now I think so
yeah go go she's always punching for
their left arm
Joe's a southpaw Zoe but you're gonna
tear up you're gonna tear up the pillow
kuzuri
go man she's down these boots were made
for walking and that's just what they'll
do one of these days these boots
slippers are gonna walk all over you now
I'm like one of those cool people that I
always see at Walmart Aly hates my horn
