good morning guys so I almost totally
started my day off for a long when I
almost put neosporin or neosporin on my
toothbrush granted they kind of look the
same and when you're half awake yeah
that would have been bad have you guys
ever done that so I'm pretty sure I know
what I'm gonna be doing today where's
Marley let's play the game which might
play a game where is Marley tell me when
you guys see her you guys here yet where
is Marley tell me in the comments where
you guys saw her I don't even think I've
seen her yet anyways see Marla yet my
name is Arnold and I could break out of
airplanes that are going to land before
they actually stopped like my art all
impression I'm the Governator quick this
game was so much fun yesterday what what
movie is this what classic Arnold movie
is this I'm Ahnold God up so bad oh yeah
yo oh I always thought actually to be
honest with you know what I always
thought they said Oreos Oh Oreos I don't
know I was a weird kid I was a weird kid
yep today is gonna be one of those
working days sorry it's gonna be kind of
slow but I just wanted to make sure we
got all this taken care of it looks like
we kind of made a dent what do you think
made a dent I think we did it I think
what basically I'm having a Arnold
Schwarzenegger the governator marathon
so I've been watching commando I think
predators eraser and all those awesome
ones is there any other Bartel ones
they're not awful Arnold Schwarzenegger
I will fight on this you i hope you guys
agree what that was weird Arnold
Schwarzenegger movies are the best I was
going to say a movies maybe the best be
movies on earth Arnold tour today
actually you know some of those are the
best a movies predator this is pretty
damn good right which one the sixth day
all in a Last Action Hero see exactly
exactly a little bit alike but that
sixth day was like jingle all the way
the clothes I think so what's know
what's the one that's uh oh my god
failing failing oh good failing it's a
weird name just say fail Total Recall
total yeah that was good that was good
great you know what the best one is own
know that last action hero and jingle
all the way yeah that's jingle all the
way is the dance anniversary of man I
should not do what is your best arnold
like impression what do your best arnold
impression oh don't you do java you done
shut up do a better one I can't that's
right I'm not gonna that's right go
ahead that's another good movie 300
pounds 642 Austrian man barley say who
is your daddy and what does he do okay
say good down okay what's another Arnold
saying she could say okay I'm glad you
think you can do whatever you want now
okay Marley say get in the chopper okay
yep welsh it's kind of good she's not on
the shirts at least okay Marley say get
in the chopper that you didn't say
anything on that one well that was good
one I think everyone's gonna get the
chopper now Marley say the most famous
one hasta la vista baby oh those are
some pretty good Arnold impressions how
about you you what you have any do you
have any
this walks away as if it yeah I just did
that okay if you guys don't like dogs I
apologize but that was the funniest
probably two minutes that I've ever
recorded since today is an Arnold day I
have an epic question for you guys who
would win in a fight ok Arnold
Schwarzenegger or Chuck Norris what do
you think so what's negra Chuck Norris
because both chuck norris does know
karate or kung fu but Arnold
Schwarzenegger is pretty strong he knows
how to lift weights who would you pick
internet Chuck Norris or Arnold
Schwarzenegger you came to decide TV
what p wha why him he's being weird
alright what other all right what Arnold
Schwarzenegger movie sure you watch next
I know today's been kind of a uneventful
day but we needed this week we basically
had to play catch-up so now it's like
three in the morning we've been doing
this all day we are now officially
caught up so high five over high five
okay yeah I'm so tired how you feeling
awesome Oh correction it is two in the
morning not three in the morning I
thought it was 30 but yeah just check
this out yeah this is ridiculous really
you guys are what are you looking at you
always think there's like a laser every
time I walk away loser thank you guys
for being patient today I realized that
today is bring kind of lame so you could
say lame lame Charles Lane flock is lame
or something obvious like that but if
the good news is I feel a little bit
better a little bit more caught up I
think either tomorrow or tuesday i'm
going to post the video so you guys can
win the free printers so if it's if it's
uploaded tomorrow i'll be on youtube.com
/ Charles Trippy so please go make sure
to check that out subscribe if you're
not you guys can win one of those one of
three of those awesome printers so I'm
gonna go to bed because we have to wake
up super early drop these off
this office and basically piss off the
post office and thank you guys again for
being supportive I know I know drop the
ball today but catch up
hey there
you must be here
did
God
you
