since we've been pretty much cooped up
in the house pretty much all week we
decided today it would be nature day we
can simply flag the flag what was it
what's called frisbee golf we're gonna
apparently there's you remember that
little RC track every time we go buy it
there's never a race but apparently
there's a race right now and Zoe's
freaking out every time there's an
announcement like an outer that speaks
but yeah today's nature day announcer
that speaks that's enough he's always
making fun of me always make fun i knowi
oh why are you both being idiotic thank
you now remember Marlene these aren't
yours so you can't chase these ones you
know what it's like very reassuring to
see a bunch of grown men playing with
toys makes me feel good about myself
do you not like this here's never seen
your ears go that direction side likely
years ago what is that I think the
remote control cars over food challenge
um oh those things are fast throw
gasoline power to makes me laugh this
looking this imagine like little mice
for piloting these things I don't know
Oh
did you hear Ali oh oh wait till the oh
it's still going that's skill oh that
got cheated oh no no one to help it no
one's to help it can we help it oh there
goes 16 minutes they raised for 20
minutes that is crazy I'm already kind
of already kind of bored least this is a
little cooler yeah we're gonna play a
game it's called how many times does oep
I guess yeah she's a little annoyed what
the hell is your problem we're gonna
play a game called how many times Zoe p
during this walk it's a pretty fun game
because Zoe probably peas i'm gonna
guess eight times this time what do you
think six jingles chicken twice she's
done twice let's see see you lose weight
what do you guys think how many times
coming in the comments to see who wins
you love those shoes I love lamp he's
always already on number four oh okay
Zoe actually you want to let Zoey off so
you will be free be one with the
squirrels lately ally and I've been
talking about possibly i don't know
looking into buying a house but the only
thing is we don't know where we want to
live whether it's tampa california the
only thing about leaving Florida is that
you believe awesome things like this no
but we really been thinking about it oh
nice so I had to stop earlier because
there were some bikers so he made some
friends but we were thinking about we
didn't know where um a nice place cuz
part of me wants to leave Florida but
then another part of me wants to stay
here I know that's what I'm saying like
this is pretty sweet
I know it's pretty awesome we should
also play the game how many tix the dogs
come home with up you're late though
they're there do you see Fanny's what
are you like from the 1920s Danny Ali's
totally grandma that's a big tree every
time I see it just hug it you can just
hug it nice you hippie she just did it
what whoa morally the dice fat up there
they go again yeah and Marley just
cheated Marley just goes good who what
Zoey good job guys having fun that knee
today don't know if that's an official
thing that could be today Ali Ali good
nap Marco Marco I don't know she is
Marko thinks she's opening the dogs went
to go find Allie I think they found her
but now I'm by myself in this creepy
woods I wonder if there's gonna be a
snake super fabulous snake look at you
little hippie you tree-hugging hippie
marley do not go down there all right
what's the p count I think it's at seven
so you already lost maybe maybe I'll win
what was your guys's guess well that's
true no no cuz she's at seven I said
eight it's the closest to the number
without going oh oh Price is Right rules
gotcha this would be an
awesome place to shoot a video I mean we
did the dog squirrel chasing video back
here but something else like a horror
movie or something eight times I didn't
see it now so we're eight right now okay
Zoe don't pee anymore and I'll give you
more treats I like how there's a
perfectly good bridge but they don't
want to use it careful that's a canyon
oh don't worry is always okay she's fine
she's as a klutz she she doesn't look
she didn't look down she's like hey guys
hey look at me an infant oh no you know
what it's one of those mushrooms that's
awful okay it's a fact it's a reptile
leg it's it's a velociraptor egg my
oppression of Zoe running oh you gotta
fall yeah the tongue out to hear it a
killer is Zoe trot I think they're both
crazy so I think so oh by the way if you
guessed 15 p breaks you win because
that's what it was 15 I didn't think she
was actually going to the bathroom she's
gonna go shake everywhere yep there we
go that's awesome spa treatment Oh
hidey-ho i just wanted to show you how
tired everybody is after that run she
hasn't gotten up Ali's in there doing
the merch and then this one hey Marley
how did you even get covered like that
you're ridiculous can you guys even tell
what movie i'm watching just by the
audio
 we've been through together two
guys now I was making sure you didn't
see it in the mirror that'd be pretty
funny suck to see them King what
movies a sudden there trust me it's a
restricted area beyond the borders of
the game I couldn't put you there you
get bug fry ok that's all you get how
are you even doing that with your feet
dude that's pretty adorable though I
think the Internet's all going on the
count of three guys one two three ah
after falling everyone was concerned
after your fall Zoe she's fine don't
worry about it ok so there's two things
I want to show you guys the first thing
is this little animated gift right here
you guys like that my friend found this
on livejournal her name's I love shoes
on youtube I found this is like some
sort of icon and I just thought it was
kind of funny cuz it makes it look like
I'm just like somebody suggest Goldblum
like over and over again I'm just like
what what what so I just thought if you
guys want to download this i'll put a
link in the sub R and because it's just
an animated gif but the other thing I
wanted to show you is a couple days ago
from the video don't poop there or don't
poop what on me or whatever it was you
guys pointed this out like for example
right hold on let me see if i can find
this is this oh yeah there it is right
ok see right there a couple people were
like what the hell is that like ok you
can see it you can see right there and
then if I keep playing it all of a
sudden come back around gone gone isn't
that weird so a lot of you guys are
there a ghost in your place no but that
was just Ali that you can tell that's
Ally he'll let me back it up just just
to ease a little bit of your minds um we
don't have a ghost or do we know it's
there that's Ally I think that's Ally oh
my gosh is that alley that'd be super
weird I'll hope it's like Casper like
the Friendly Ghost all right before we
go to bed I just have to show you guys
this adorable adorable little scene
right here okay we got tired Zoe we got
tired ally with her crazy upward
Einstein hair and then we got Marley
with their turtle up doesn't want to
you enjoying this yes it's kind of you
enjoying this as I think it's kind of
funny you got the big troll hair there
we go Donald Trump no you gotta go like
this oh yeah
I can hardly wait
the cheer
me once a day
you know why
you
it must be here
Molly
you
