now that internet is how you wake up and
start a day CTFxC it is so gorgeous and
I'm singing I'm singing and I don't care
oh I feel like else when I decide
singing I'm very very excited it's my
last semester of college for now I might
think my back to grad school but not
right away cuz we're getting married
this year wow this year oh my God we're
getting married this year I didn't even
realize that that's so exciting we've
got a big wedding to plan and Michael
back to grad school later but as of
right now this is my last semester of
college and I love love love my classes
I just got through my first week of
class and they're all awesome classes
they're all fantastic teachers and I
have so many friends I've known for so
many years in yeah in every one of my
classes I know at least two people now
we begin the giant processors are
figuring out what's in every single one
of these boxes every time we get a new
shipment it's always like it's like
trying to find a needle in a haystack
when you try to find a certain size like
all I need a small ikt eggplant it's
like okay well which box know what is
kind of like a game show it's like a
like that one were you have to guess the
gold in the box or something okay which
one you think it is which one you think
we're looking for small haters hoodies I
think that one at moment of truth see
what do you take Zoe what do you think
and what size are the blue oh my god
where are they and this is a winner ah
2xl that fail so it was all your fault
okay you're like a meerkat are you doing
Marley meerkat hey do you guys know
where my living room is have you guys
seen it I can't seem to find my living
room at least it was like some sort of
freak like snow storm in Florida and
it's really super cold I'll have enough
hoodie
freaking out Oh fork in the road which
way do we go choose wisely Zoe it's all
you okay we're going this way thanks to
the nice gross water super scary I can
take that off of you to come here like a
kid like having a temper tantrum right
now tonight seriously I guess it was
about two weeks ago I think it was just
before Christmas youtube sent out an
email to about 500 partners letting them
know that YouTube and B&H Photo combined
their awesomeness to give one thousand
dollars to 500 partners so a half a
million dollars to its partners not just
the top 100 500 partners just got it and
I am so excited Ali put a little note on
it where to go it says something like
there she put a little note to set happy
friday i just want to show you basically
i just got lighting because with our
videos the biggest thing that i have a
problem with is our lighting mainly
because i live in florida and i have
what's called tungsten light which is
basically like yellow like you all this
yellow yellow yellow everything's yellow
actually that's more white because as
flores and so i bought fluorescent
lights so it's not so hot sorry just
want to take this time to say thank you
to youtube and B&H for doing this not
only for me but just thank you youtube
for believing and its users yeah it's
just like really cool to think about
like being a part of a website that just
believes in its users so much you mean
their date that I care here's a thousand
dollars so you can up your production so
yeah I guess I should bought you a
squeaky toy huh I just watched a YouTube
rocks cuz that that is awesome that is
totally cool oh yes another battery just
because yesterday when I was filming all
you want to look you want to open it
with me it's just a battery when I was
filming yesterday's video with a haunted
printer um I was like yeah I don't need
another battery and sure enough that
battery died oh this is gonna be so nice
a new shotgun mic for the 7d that is
doesn't be sweet and a new router
because I had a beer outer yeah I
I I don't know why I had such a crappy
router but I did and there's the
lighting I'm so excited you guys know
about that whole thing like when you
trip on and no 9-volt battery to know if
it's good or not you have to lick it I
always I'm always afraid to do it though
ah so bad that one's that one's good
wait i wonder what the difference is
between a really brand new one oh that's
sucks Zoey little ole ola alright guys
i'm about to have a nervous breakdown
I'm the type of person who has said like
things very neat and tidy and organized
I guess you could say OCD a little bit
sort of have our office looking like
this right now is I'm seriously I'm just
like aah that's my having mental
breakdown ah face you know it's like one
of those things where it's just like
with with things get like so disastrous
and so backed up you're like just
overwhelmed you know I mean you don't
know where to begin granted the living
room is going to be clean because we're
gonna ship out these studies in the next
few days but um I just don't know what
to do with everything is just I need to
organize it's like what why do I still
have these things I guess is to move the
merch and stuff like that but this is
cluttered hate cluttered I'm like in the
I manage my own show hoarders but I'm
not hoarding anything it's just
everything I don't want to hoard the
stuff I want to God know if you guys
have any advice so I don't have a
nervous breakdown and blue member here
again um let me know because I could
totally totally using this whole week
has just been rough like I said a few
days ago I don't want to I don't like
complaining but it's it's I have to get
it off my chest so dear Charles five
years from now when you're watching this
you were stressed out now so let's hope
you're not stressed out later I guess I
should I start doing I should I started
dressing myself later in the future
because when I watch it you know what I
mean like a diary like this is a video
diary I never even thought about that
maybe should like dear Charles today you
went to the park and you punched an
alligator in the face oh well roundhouse
kicking
Chuck Norris himself and the beard run
like go through this I'll find like a
dead cat like that TV tip like the
horror show you know what I can do now
this will make me happy one two three
four five six seven eight see you
gradually get a smile you can you can
start off all sad like mmm but you by
the time eight rolls around you're happy
you're smiling 9 10 11 all right now I'm
officially losing my mind I can't find
my keys anywhere what'd you find them oh
poor Zoe Zoe did you eat my keys did you
eat them today it's just one of those
days this is just one of those days
where just you don't want to wake up and
everything sucks you just want to break
stuff I'll stop quoting one biscuit now
where are my keys seriously hate doing
this oh we got a text message you like
that every time we got text message all
right I hate putting my hand like in
dark areas like that because i always
think there's is a bad i think there's
gonna be a snake I really honestly think
there's gonna be a snake or spider my
couch that's why I'm like hesitant all
right kista I think I found them Oh Gulf
Coast Guard sweet holy crap guys I don't
get you guys excited but they actually
have it
remember we talking about these last
time oh man toast oh great now yes hours
of entertainment right there see what we
got they never advertised the good ones
though you know what smells like it
smells like those fake worms when you go
fishing did I ever tell you guys about
the story about why I don't ever go
fishing ever I never fish anymore when I
was little um I was fishing with a
friend of mine right and it was one of
those I guess they're called came came
fishing or pole fishing or something
like that and what happens is uh you
just go back and forth there is no real
anyway hook on the end kid went back
pulled forward worm still there hooked
me right there on my nose like you over
the little brim is and pulled yeah so I
have a sphere Oh in the worst part is
the worm was dangling out of my nose
true story that is a true story so that
is why I don't go fishing just random
renmin oh okay oh sees this works it's
stuck I caridee slap you slap you oh
that was really good isn't the greatest
invention in the world she knows what
she doesn't like it oh I used to do that
the most like homework all the time yeah
so good though these are choice for like
smart kids hey hey hey is it Easter get
it when I need it how's that not good
sure I feel good look he's dribbling all
over the place this is so cool and the
think it only cost me fifty cents hey
it's not bad see you think hola the
shoes like
you're terrible I'm terrible that's
perfect Oh kind of got it how's it going
to pick it off the ground doing it so it
like retracts just before close you're
gonna hit the hell there we go ready oh
she's really close oh she's like oh oh
oh oh oh snapping snapping not good oh
my god that is a vit try and pause it on
that do it do it viewers pause it on
Marley's ferocious chomp that is
ferocious she's chewing them are you
chewing my hoodie string so he's always
just so excited be good what's up good
no could it well she totally got it oh
oh she didn't catch it oh oh how much
really close I gotta hold on to this
thing they'll flat on my hand give you
still owe me you're gonna break the
camera as my hand okay that is no longer
you're gonna face I can't stop loving
couple areas are you do that so he's not
happy I'm sure our neighbors aren't
happy no more I told you I only want ice
cream when it's cold here i am getting
ice cream
such a weirdo filming is irate just came
over that's exactly why I didn't do it
this why can't a galley anywhere she
just wants to play with it literally the
waitress came apart with like three
minutes before was like that looks
dangerous and I was like she leaves and
Ali's just like you doing ridiculous you
like you look like my face on that one I
just knew it was gonna happen I'm
psychic I'm totally psychic everyone at
cover three we're all going to facepalm
so you're probably a dog not a fog I
like you cuz it's just dark and you're
definitely not a lot so easily we're
talking out along and that's awesome
you're just another fucking that along
and that's awesome the same focused on
something I like to share with you
popping bottles and like blizzard oh you
drink we do right get slizzard and seen
but really my question for the evening
is what the hell is slizzard I mean
that's not drinking terminology with
which I personally am familiar so you
know if the far east movement would like
to contact me personally and explain
what the etymology of that word may or
may not be no I'm not drunk I'm just
very amused by that good night hey guys
so for today's bonus video I found a
video of me playing with most epic toy
ever from the 1980s at least the footage
looks like it's from the 80's I totally
pwned owned and destroyed the Star Wars
kids so this is Star Wars kid two point
oh yeah yes just go check it out it's a
couple seconds have fun I'll see you
guys tomorrow
we can hardly wait
yeah but you
go straight there
you
we're speaking
you
