hey guys good morning so I'm just
finishing up on the video and I'm just
trying to get this done what was that
excuse me Jeff Goldblum Jeff Goldblum
Jeff Goldblum uh no no seriously like
those those of you guys who make videos
as well dude i spend like an enormous
amount of time just trying to find the
perfect sound effect like I'm trying to
find a perfect like swish sound and I've
been sitting here looking like 10
minutes just for a Swiss sound every
time I do it the dogs are like doing
that you never really pay attention to
the sound effects of a TV show or a
movie until you really you make of a
video you know what I mean it does have
to be a high production but like you go
back in your editing and like all you
can hear that how do I get that you have
to recreate it you don't I mean so like
when you're watching a movie and they're
walking through dirt they have to do
that I forgot the name of its called a
Foley Foley studio remember doc dev
showed us the FSU Foley studio where it
was all the dirt and gravel in the rocks
and you step on it I don't know it's
just like making videos for the past
four years it's just kind of like open
my eyes so like when I go anywhere like
at the MTV thing I wasn't really stoked
about the Jersey Shore because I've
never really seen the show I only saw
like 15 minutes of one episode so it's
not really that impressive it's like oh
its Kurdish or whatever big deal i'd
rather be partying with you know like
ryan higa or something like that
actually no I'd rather be partying with
Tom Hanks to be honest with you cuz Tom
Hanks's um I'm sorry I totally Mario
coined that but the coolest thing about
it was allergies like are you having fun
like I just wanna make sure you having
fun i was like no I'm my eyes were like
this whole time because i was watching
the staff and i was talking with the
camera guys and it was just that was
cool to me that was really cool
everyone's talking about but I don't
know segue see your ears every single
time
you're such a brat I'm sorry it's always
sleeping funny story I was parking today
in this massively crowded parking lot
and I asked this lovely young lady
walking by oh she was leaving and she
said yes and then she said oh my gosh
oohhhhh ali i watch your videos so I
believe I'm so I just stressed out with
classes and I feel like I'm gonna say
your name wrong I think it was Hannah
maybe Haley I think Hannah I'm so sorry
that's wrong but you're wonderful and
she I was rushing cuz I was gonna be
late for class and she let me take her
parking spot and there was this guy in a
huge truck who was trying to take the
spot and she would not let him and I
just really appreciate that thank you
for being so nice and for telling that
douche bag off um so thank you and your
wonderful well I hope you like FSU apart
from the whole parking situation I'm
pretty sure no one likes that here um so
do you guys wanna hear something really
funny we are kind of thing getting back
in the swing since we've been up it's
wrong way and we don't have any shampoo
right no shampoo so the only shampoo i
saw was zoe and Marley's dog shampoo
surprisingly surprisingly my hair is
nice and shiny so a little lesson lesson
learned if you're you're in a bind and
all you have is dog shampoo yeah it
works Zoe why are you oh you know what I
helps reminds me of down you know the
warehouse where they put all the stuff
Indiana Jones yeah that's our apartment
doesn't it kind of remind you it's just
like all these boxes of hoodies so what
do you think my hair nice and shiny
there's a dog shampoo making nice too
it's always been a weird word for me
like shampoo shampoo and starting to get
13 that's different though squirrel poop
but yeah I've had to get outside I had
to get some ass starting to feel a
little bit crazy certain get cabin fever
been editing and trying to we're trying
to get rid of all that merch and I don't
know man it's just it's to be honest
it's just becoming overwhelming like all
the merch that we have to ship out but
the thing is the reason why we haven't
gone through a company like district
lines or spreadshirt or
anybody else is that the we really want
to we kind of like the idea that we're
taking control of the shirts and that
you guys know that the shirts actually
come from us like we're packing it we're
writing your names on it you're probably
getting Zoey Marley hair on it and we
feel like that's kind of a cool
connection that you guys can have and we
can have with you guys but it's just
it's becoming like so much to handle I
put like get on top of filming daily
doing the skits traveling and making
sure you guys get your merch on time
because apparently there's a lot of
annoyed parents that we travel and we
can't ship at the same time so I don't
know if your if your parents are getting
upset just explain to them but we will
get it out as soon as we get home which
is what we're doing now but I don't know
I wanted to get asked us if if we
started going through another company
like it was no longer through us would
would you guys feel a little bit
disconnected like would that feel
disconnected or do you guys like the
fact that you could potentially win the
lottery by getting Zoey Marley hair
actually that is actually one thing that
I laugh every single time I get like a
Twitter picture with holding up like a
hoodie or something and it was like I
could see Marley hair on it I don't know
just kind of like a long-winded kind of
trying to see what you guys thought I
really want to keep doing this by
yourself up Ali and I but just want to
get your thoughts double pooping right
near the street hey that's not too neat
is you're all trapped now I go pick up
your poop you jerk I actually think
there's one of the funniest moments on
Family Guy when Brian had to pick up
Stewie's poop that was pretty funny
forgot my jacket so I'm getting
goosebumps hey let's just continue the
randomness what the heck are goosebumps
it's always been the weirdest thing and
they're so we're looking like are they
just like your hair follicles like
pushing more hair up or something random
thoughts random thoughts by Charles
tribute have you guys ever seen a baby
pigeon I haven't have you ever wondered
what the very first English word ever
spoken was let alone the very first
phrase a human ever spoke our dogs
colorblind what the hell is the snooki
and why is it famous
how does an airplane actually fly i
knowi equals MC square but what the
bananas does that even mean why our
fingers called digits why is it called a
cell phone why do you drive in a Parkway
and park in a driveway and who they let
the dogs out yeah so those are just some
of the questions or thoughts that have
plagued my mind since I could actually
remember you guys have any any of those
like kind of questions where you just
like wait why is it like that I don't
know maybe tell me in the comments may
be one of our smart CTFxC years will
know the answer I'm expecting no they
answer equals MC square guys I am
totally addicted to orange juice and
ritz crackers not exactly in that order
or together but just in general
yesterday oh no it was the two days went
to the grocery store we got like a
gallon of orange juice yeah I drank the
entire gallon in two days oh that's like
a Florida enemy or just like orange
juice is freaking delicious I think it's
delicious today's also kind of an
interesting day for I think Mac users I
the mac app store is that was called the
app storage right down there it's kind
of like the iphone ipod whatever you
know the itunes store right or the app
store for the iphone ipod touch but now
you can get all these apps for your
computer but I was kind of looking
through it and it seems like it's going
to make like buying apps like
applications for your computer a lot
easier and I wanted to get you guys to
give me your opinions because you guys
are nerds like me and I just wanted to
see what you guys thought because you
can get the angry birds and things like
that but I was also thinking like how
quick or how long is it going to take
for people to start figuring out how to
crack it just like you know you
jailbreak your iphone and I wonder if
this is gonna make like piracy worse you
know what I mean but it seems pretty
cool I want to play Angry Birds on my
big screen that'd be awesome oh my if I
could play Angry Birds on my TV I'd be
set that'd be awesome but yeah that was
just something random I just saw and I
wanted to see we get stopped did you
guys watch this yesterday oh it's so
good i love watching people just
completely bust so fun and you feel bad
but like if you guys got to see the show
there's this thing where they running
from this door at
just getting close lined look at that
that looks so cool I think a new life
goal for me is to be on the television
show wipeout is there any way I can get
in touch with anybody from wipeout I
would love to do that and then you guys
didn't watch me totally get hurt on
television did you like all the haters
but you totally fell what suppose figure
out some sort of like uh I don't know
way to get on because that would be
awesome I look so fun okay so what is
this day two of my healthy kick and now
we're drinking milkshakes we had to it's
right it's like right next door it's the
devil I just got out of the shower come
trying I'm trying to the new year's
resolution go to bed earlier I came
around the corner and this is Zoey
claiming the blanket and the pillows and
the blanket Jeff Goldblum can I have
that back please can we share fine I'm
trying to communicate with Zoey I think
she understands to bacha sake what
Chewbacca oh it's just you lame
see what you did today it's
hardly wait
hey where's baby at sexy
Getty withdrawal trippy
we're photography an owie
you
