well now what's up it's kind of one of
those crappy days it's been raining off
all day hey I'm starting to accept that
aren't you but yeah look it's been
raining all day so I'm just waiting for
Ally get home from class and then we're
going to try to shoot the video with the
printer remember all yesterday I was
saying I had we were playing with the
printer and I came up with an idea we're
gonna try to shoot that today so that
should be pretty cool also I got a text
from the guy who delivers our UPS Mail
where we see him that much or on a
textual basis but yeah so he's gonna be
delivering a bunch of merch so I got to
do that in the rain so cool yeah that'd
be great do you want to show me eating a
carrot it's pretty funny
ready that makes me laugh every single
time Marley chew with your mouth closed
sorry for the lack of seeing me today
guys it's just been one of those days
where it's just I mean you can see it's
really you know it's really crappy out
but have you ever had those days where
it's just like you can't ever seem to
get anything done like you start working
on something
and something else happens so I have to
put the window up really quickly it's
making that weird you know that noise
like listen see if it doesn't work guys
hear it like when you only have the back
light goes down anyway I always just
wanted to make sure cuz I always feel
like I'm going nuts
when I'm always like oh my god put a
window to the front window down give her
that suction everyone's like what are
you talking about
do it but you know those days like where
you just can't seem to get anything done
and then it puts you in like you're
getting more of a slump I just I don't I
don't get in these days very often but
what I do is just like so annoying like
you start working on something then
something happens and then you have to
stop and then it to continue working on
something else and then you have to stop
because something else just happened and
it's just I don't know it's just been a
really annoying productive day so you
know what today I'm gonna need you guys
I need you guys to cheer me up write
something funny a joke in the comments I
don't know a funny story and maybe
that'll help I don't know I mean like I
really don't like complaining in the
vlogs cuz you know you don't really want
to remember that you know you don't want
to remember really bad things that
happen but you know I feel like I gotta
be true to the daily vlog if if it's a
bad day just like today it's just kind
of like a really crappy miserable rainy
gloomy day and that's the other thing
maybe is because it's gloomy and rainy
every like every time it rains and I
think this is what keeps me from moving
to New York City is the gloomy factor
you know like when it's really dark and
grey I feel almost not really depressed
but I feel down you know what I mean I
don't think I'm alone on this but like I
just feel like men
like just yeah this that's exactly how I
feel that's the best way to describe it
me unless we can come up with a better
phrase maybe you guys can do that too
no he's always happy well your ears all
broken so I think I figured out what's
going on with Marley's oh hi her nose
you notice how it's getting Pinker watch
her she'll lick it see she's always
licking your nose but I think she's like
licking off all the bloody nose now see
this again you always have to lick your
nose this is a random observation I'm
just getting gas and Marley plopped up
on the front seat and just stares at me
like this and just goes I can't
obviously do it just keep licking her
her nose for no apparent reason and I
think that's where all the black pigment
is going you're eating your own nose
you're ridiculous hey Zoey quit sniffin
the gasoline all right so I went to the
coffee store and I got some espresso so
I'm like kind of like tweaking out a
little bit look at subscribe guys if you
haven't subscribe yet so we're gonna
shoot this video this is actually really
cool so I'm gonna be giving away three
of these awesome printers on my Charles
Trippy channel for this video I'm
shooting it'll be up hopefully this week
later this week so make sure you're
subscribed over there and I'll tell you
guys how to win and you guys can win one
of these spooky haunted smart printers
it'll be actually is really funny
because the idea is based on a true
story remember I was saying earlier that
like when one thing goes wrong then
something else goes wrong whatever the
what I was referring to was when I was
trying to edit the dr. zombie a video by
the way that I found all that footage so
that's good I'm gonna finish that up now
hopefully bad news remember that song we
were working the cover song of after
hours well I don't know what happened
with the bass track got screwed up so I
gotta rerecord that shouldn't take too
long
but you know what I'm not gonna complain
anymore cuz you you guys are right I
know what you're saying you're shaking
your head you're like Charles shouldn't
be complaining shouldn't be complaining
you're right you're absolutely right
when when life hands you lemons you make
lemonade trying to think of something
cooler but it's true or you may
lemon water if you really want if you
really like it this lemonade kind of
little douche I too much espresso I need
to calm down okay I gotta get all the
lights all right where's my leg kick
what the thing like comes out yeah cuz
it's a super basically we're printing
out all the talking printer stuff see
it's creepy isn't it it's so smart we're
printing out all the paper for to make
it seem like it's talking to Ali see
hello Ali gonna shoot that tonight it's
about 9 o'clock at night but we're gonna
still try to shoot this you know why
because today was not productive so
tonight will be that's right watch it oh
that looks delicious
don't you want to just eat it see what
so much I want a sandwich now Zoe Zoe
wants to be in the shot but she's
bringing her giant bone so when this
video is online people are gonna be like
what is that num num num account that's
just Ellie Jeff Goldblum see what what
are you laughing at yeah yeah it's I'm
tired
let's go you like smell my feet I got a
charley horse okay let's go soothe again
sorry I like Charles Trippy yeah
all right I'm not sure why I have a 60s
war protest song is stuck in my head now
where's Lee currently so we just
finished the video the haunted printer
video and Ally just wants to show this
off her perfect example well it's just
toast I can't tell if that's correct I
think you're lying
look at the melting of the cheese and
why she is always smiling it's because
the little things make her happy yeah
seriously it doesn't have butter on one
side of the toast on the inside a little
bit tiny bit of milk - one egg scramble
it make it into a little circle shape to
either side of the butter just on the
side of the cube butter she takes it
seriously I'm not I made this for
Christine she like will not eat any
other breakfast now I'm not even kidding
hey you guys ought to make eggs we
finished we just finished the video it's
about midnight 12:30 do you need a man
to open that you need a manly man
remember earlier today I was complaining
that you know it's so frustrating was a
Mick day because shut your mouth sure
but I was complaining that was a midday
because I couldn't get anything done now
that I got this video done I feel so
much better I feel so much better I feel
like I accomplished something ya know I
feel I feel productive so I can I can go
to bed now feeling much more productive
so what do you want ask you a very
serious question yes I do what boxers or
briefs so for this new video we're
allowed to give away three of these new
printers okay for some sort of contest
so I will personally send you one of
these printers but I don't know what
type of contest we should have so when
the video goes live what should we do
should it be like a random comment
should be
random secret phrase but yeah I'm gonna
I'm gonna go try to steal Ali's perfect
egg sandwich she's ridiculous it's an
egg sandwich you know I'm gonna go start
let me know any ideas I hope your day
got better like mine did and thank you
for cheering me up because I know you
guys probably were talking in the
comments before the video even ended
you're like all Charles here's a funny
story but now you know just think you're
funny story made me feel better it's
just like a day behind but still it
worked so I'll see you guys tomorrow
I'll look for your your suggestions good
night
we wait
were say psst
with drippy
with Charlie don't forget
