we're at we're off the Sydney right
I kept screwing everything off nittany
Sydney okay every day I've said some
other thing and I've screwed it all up
we're going to Sydney going to doubt I
will try to go to where Ali and I got
engaged assuming it doesn't rain and all
that fun stuff we kind of cool just to
walk around city again go after you love
it down there
what do you ask oh you wanna come in oh
no just kidding gotcha
what are you doing it get in this house
your weirdo
so what do you think of the car love it
I think I'm gonna give you guys like a
tour of the car eventually I cleaned it
today shined her up got her all nice and
spiffy okay Kate likes it I asked her if
she wanted to drive it but she's too
nervous no I don't want you because all
these I've seen something abstinence
recently I just feel like it would be it
would just be the time I get it
Casey's never had Vegemite before
alright you take that open it up and
just use this hand and take it a little
yeah you got a deal good look you have
to get a good flavor out again yeah
yeah that's awful everybody welcome
Australia yes he's got to go down the
line Austria yeah these are English
muffinz what they look like pancakes
Thank You Danny
so Danny was just explaining and I just
had one so I can tell you as first-hand
experience it tastes like a pancake meat
vinegars muffin and it's amazing unlike
a Vegemite which I know guys you're only
supposed to try a little bit tiny little
bit of Vegemite what I had to do that
that's like an initiation for your first
time comes Australia such a beautiful
day I decided to eat my lunch outside
it's actually got lunch from this place
and it's called fresh kitchen and it's
all like natural ingredients a lot of
them are like gluten free dairy free
things of that sort fresh veggies and I
just absolutely love it this actually
has this dressing on it right now that's
called the holy kale and it's my
favorite dressing so we just went for a
nice long walk typically I have to take
them like I'll take diesel and then I'll
take the girls just because they're a
little intense but I have to say I was
super impressed with them today because
they did not pull me once and well they
just wanted to walk really slow because
I was having a little hard time with
their hips but they were amazing you did
great
that's pretty good blowing the longer
they thought he's gonna be ethical you
can lay on my lap you want I'm sorry can
land your it we didn't take opening she
does do that it's big enough
you got this bud if you need help let me
know
Duncan's gonna be ripped by this tour Oh
watch the guard always got hit
I don't know there's don't really have
much to go there so we have arrived in
Sydney and it is beautiful
no rain not high just beautiful
very Frankie
today it was like a really big day for
tar and I feel sad that he wasn't here
to experience it but today the house in
Sarasota is officially sold and is now
owned by a different couple and Joe and
I were just talking on the phone and
it's a very bittersweet moment for him
because there's so many amazing memories
in that house for him and obviously for
you guys as well and I had a few
beautiful moments in there as well but
it was a big day today it was a really
big day for him there are so many people
that char was to thank like his mom and
my sister and her husband for you know
working so hard to get this house sold
and sold to the right people I think
that was the biggest thing is like it
sold to a couple who appreciate the
house which is something that was so
important to Charles so I'm so happy
that happened this is our nice little
apartment I should say it's just like
our dorm table if you guys live in the
country I'm gonna go that way yeah I
don't know if you guys I'm sure you guys
remember this is actual
a venue where I called Ali's family to
ask her to marry me the proposal video
this is actually the stage and then
Danny filmed it from various locations
oh yeah
it's where it started and I am going to
try to go to the Gardens where I
actually asked her but I have to do this
first and we didn't have enough time so
I'm hoping it stays open and that they
don't close or anything like that
because it would really mean a lot to me
to be able to go and do that if not I'm
waking up super early and hoping I could
do it then I was just talking to Cory
Cory was actually the one who did all
the spore of the music for that you were
in this bathroom right whose bathroom
that bathroom a bunch of bathrooms
that's all we had nowhere to put koi so
we just shoved him in a bathroom that's
how I wrote it I think I made romance
happening it's very true I mean honestly
you've watched that video because the
music it's all of them by him all right
here you scored your videos for private
birthday parties farming honestly that
was when you wrote that and like I don't
know if that's gonna listen to I'll put
all that stuff when you wrote it
honestly dude like I was like holy crap
this is amazing to find the motif who
starts with a motif yes a musical and
then once you have that you can level
here's your ten and then it goes and
writes for boys the man I just got done
with the bean great
I took a bluebird through the Botanical
Gardens because like I wanted to go I
wanted to see you know obviously we're
Ali and I got engaged as well the thing
is I don't remember where anything was
but I think this is the entrance I'm not
100% sure so no joke I'm looking at the
vlog or trying to get the vlog
okay so there's a fountain I remember
that so don't say where things are
called oh no way
there it is the lily pads are gone I
just stumbled upon it that's it right
there
means the bamboo is somewhere around
here if I know I'm in the right
direction okay I think actually right
here holy crap
bamboos right here because I remember
that day
Janet Travis Jenni have knew we went all
over the place trying to find the
perfect place and every time I thought
the camera I was like oh no this is not
perfect so this is it right here okay
let's see if we can find it I don't know
where it would be good the vlog on I
know it's around here somewhere
all right oh there it is right there
Wow that's cool
that's really cool it feels just like
yesterday two years ago that's crazy in
poor tree is completely bad thought that
actually it's just brown I almost missed
it right there
there's Travie in Kinsley I don't even
think I really kind of talked about the
whole background of that day it's all
about the beautiful video that kool-aid
you know to help with the music we came
here the entire time Travon Jenny knew
what was going on so we were going
around the entire place mind you it was
so hot that year I considered this place
right here and there's so many different
places down in there considered it just
had to find it actually no joke inside
there as well and I was trying to find
the perfect places that I could set up
the actual you know camera half tribe
and Jenny helped me with it we walked
around the entire place and then this
was the place we saw a beginning and
unfortunately it doesn't look as
beautiful as it did so like all the lily
pads are gone but holes like you know
meaning to myself and I know Ali set it
right here on the bench and then I asked
my wife to marry me
yeah I was like the happiest moment
happiest day of my life
until I get the merrier and then that
was the happiest day uh I kind of wanted
to come because just play stuff
definitely holds like a special part in
my heart I'm across the entire world
right now I had to come here I don't
care
I was literally gonna jump a gate to
come over here I am bummed that all the
lily pads are gone because definitely
most likely would not have used this
place had it looked like this but it's
not so much what it is now is what it
was then and like how it's always gonna
be in my ingrained in my brain forever
yeah I don't know getting all
sentimental such a freaking I'm a I'm a
wimp
I get it you know I mean like I don't
know I just I just love my wife thanks
God oh man and it's I'll be honest guys
it's it's hard being away from her when
special had tour and stuff like that
I think that's kind of why why I wanted
to come here was to feel like I was
closer to her even though she's how many
miles away
Florida whatever for it is I'm over here
in the other side of the world and you
know like we could FaceTime and stuff
like that but I feel like this is a way
that kind of brought me closer is
probably doesn't make any sense
and I honestly don't care if it makes
sense because to me in this brains
jumbled mess of mine it makes sense but
yeah this is it
the Sydney Botanical Gardens at this
whatever that this pond is we're just
gonna call this the Charles and Ally
pond from now on it's our pond now I
just bought it from Sydney Australia oh
yeah okay well now I gotta get out of
here because they're gonna kick me out
any minute and I gotta go play a show so
let's go do this
five years ago right Sookie five years
ago five years ago we were here because
she got we put on the city bridge and
got a great yeah remember that umbrella
just exploded yeah Wow Sookie actually
had it she's brought it over here do I
get to keep it again
she basically kept us safe for five
years that is amazing I've never thought
I'd see it again but you saved it right
he did save it we finished the Sydney
show which by the way was absolutely
amazing some of the my favorite shows
ever are in civvy marsupial waters for
everybody so they don't wake up very
consider is very dead like Australia
that's a koala tea joke today anyway
guys you don't forget to subscribe and
see you guys always don't subscribe if
you said without forget you'd say don't
you subscribe give it's the exact
opposite
