that's so cool I'm going to make some
but I forgot here trying to guys who
made that Mosholu types you know we just
going to double check but beautiful so
pretty
we're starting today we're going to go
RV shopping with Melissa and we get in
the car
that's what's your break sorry it's my
birthday mother you have to because we
want to look for an RV yeah we actually
toyed with the idea really guess we're
at a place people look for RVs we've
been toying with the idea maybe not an
RV but we really can't answer is out
there that would actually be kind of
cool was put a hitch on the car and just
start driving oh that reminds me of
Sybil plant or I never want to be one of
those bands every can we walked in and I
guess the guy called Ali catchy all
right I think he meant to be peachy now
he definitely said pitchy that's what I
was actually looking at that's actually
pretty cool so look at that
yeah I definitely want to look at this
one that to bring you sleep up here Ali
are probably dry and now the skin all of
that I feel like poor but it's really
cool actually
now I want to get one I'm surprisingly
big and these are really surprisingly
big I mean I can hang things no way you
can hang vertically really yeah that's
right like this is now an expert I a
month ago Fraser so much being posted on
my life is like cabinet there you go
Punk miss havesham and
I've gotten to another memory it's like
an airplane like one of the metal is
optional Charlie oh you got Justin
Michaelson right there mechanic our
group honestly I this is the first one
yourself sure there's a lot in this RV
world place all we've kind of need that
refrigerator there quiet I will sleep
all the way down for a little while ago
okay I mean whatever no no I'm used to
nothing Japan's the same way I don't
know what do you think something like
this would be breezy once you start
studying for the one of these a little
trailer hitch one seems a little bit of
notches comfortable legalism even going
breaking things
Boosie girl you can send your ID elegans
in there oh we got into Sears business
bring this we'll just bring you back to
your younger years like bunk beds recipe
water it's nice so it actually works
I'll see you at the next venue
I said vain your way for somebody come
by and it'll be hot and super clear like
a little storage area here I like but
what I'm saying else of a little bit big
come on yourself figure out which get
some bug today
thank you can there were no pooping on
the bus I know I know
now I'm actually really considering
doing this this would actually be a lot
of fun very sensitive logs if you're
traveling see what it looks like on you
alright
that one looks good this one fish event
I like the retro Ness of it too
literally it's called retro I don't know
so we do like an impulse why start
traveling on this thing I want to know
know like what your parking tone oh I
think what my thing is right now it's
like I was bidding on getting a new car
but we are wanting to travel more and if
this trouble they call us up good oxygen
minds yeah this is something that we've
been thinking about I've been telling
like torturing Charles for like I really
wanted to keep wearing those camping
lastly I like this doesn't have a
bathroom it's going to have a quick look
at that's the one we looked at I
honestly just like the retro Ness
much bigger than it oh my god
why why why I don't need all this mother
of God
this was the size of the tour bus roll
up we could roll up on every tour tour
date on this thing
let's go nalli when we have kids get our
own tour bus just party on there and
then we want to travel is over the other
travel bus are through the party bus
tour bus you wouldn't want to throw at
is the tour bus that other we got to
drive a problem with the drive it
I was just only turned that I'm actually
going to phone away are you writing so
much do it yeah I didn't think that
there were so many details that go into
these like principal I Nanak there's
like stove I know it sounds kind of dumb
but like under Joe a stove I always
thought like all you one year in a
camper you're camping you're out and
you're going to you know code on the
grill at a campground but a lot of these
it's really a home on wheels and it's
pretty amazing
that's my favorite film so I know we
like some Truelove's a little retro one
right there just because it would be per
their us in the job yeah bathroom never
need to get it coming up you know how
easily convinced you you're still hang
on
does it a critic see any privacy close
alright learn through the shower
they're so crammed you are
having it so hard there good thing is a
shower you can cool down
here's another tour bus at the
subtleties yep mother of God ally Lou
this is this huge for me room for
activity activity related you can do
wind sprints on the back to the front
your workout showers Charles is going to
try to the back pain thing that's going
on for number one most of them have a
defense which technology I like the
rough connect an optimum enough into the
place filled with more oh yes now to the
changer but to go from there now back
upstate lucky Sakura so Kara 10 minutes
and then you get off the Walker got
about how they complete in him this
shaker but the thought is oh god that
you left Billy at home Zoe though he's
got a wiener though all we need is
another gadget in house regretful looked
or
I shall be better loaded okay is this
more reasonable reasonable for me is
like 50 bucks we own this one now
I marked it no milk
you wanna know what it sounds like a
nicer problem than most of the hotels
you got to do it the right way I'll
share it we just missed out this was
only 14 it's like three times the size
for the other one the only thing is for
the trailer I would know how to drive
with a giant thing like this on a
trailer on the back of the car I think
I'd be feel uncomfortable so I think of
the small ones with that this one comes
with a little puppy name is Peter I
figured I got here comes you know it's
good we're outside right now hey you got
all this on is reason enough I mean do
you want to be that we're going on
running for this this one comes with a
dog too
she's just traveling getting around look
at that
get a free travel mug bed so we kind of
feel like an RV might be too much but a
trailer I feel is a little bit more
plausible I don't know I'm really
getting excited about this bedroom
oh it's awesome there was the bedroom I
was right there liquids oh but
apparently that's a bed that turns into
a bed and then we got two beds here so
it sleeps six people the two - maybe - I
don't know
all right how are you this one's a
winner what you said
all my girls are rocking don't come not
here for the girl you're gonna create
puffy gets the girls a little bit like
Tron is the guys go there oh he's good I
know isn't she beautiful
I'm more worried about the puppy I know
Charlie wants the bike but I would just
give it like a little kick to hit go in
the right direction and then just give
you some beautiful throttle there you go
don't kill anyone get dreams a balance
boiling with that person it's the one
you're in love with what are you doing
oh don't don't be cute oh we're not he
sees all hyper for some reason
excuse me Mar thank you it's so easy
anyway Alan I were just talking like
going over that trailer and the RV stuff
we are really considering that I think
it'd be so much fun well I feel like I
just met you guys about how much I want
to do a resinous we keep thinking about
it we're not going to do it so they just
got to pull the trigger
Abby consoling I'm buying a new car I'm
like well we really want to do this trip
it's not like we're going to be spending
I mean it's expensive it's not cheap but
it smells but if you don't get a car at
the same price it's like half the price
those place third of the price for the
car I am NOT not unrealistic I'm not
gonna go I wouldn't go and buy something
that's like 35 40 50 thousand dollars
ever no I mean that we completely honest
I think was like they were from ten to
fifteen thousand which I know sounds
like a lot of money and it is but if you
trade in your car that's already almost
half or a little over half and if you
don't buy a car which is minimum cars
are what like 15 or 20 thousand dollars
pretty much it and what we're probably
going to end up doing see if we can find
some really good ones like used or
something maybe and then I have to find
out if the car the BMW has I think what
they said was it has to have a certain
like electrical brake system to actually
do all that stuff so we got to do a
little bit more research but it looks
like Melissa in them are going to go get
a RV that's why we were there by the way
and I'm trying to convince them to get a
tour bus that tour bus so bad if I had
how much was it's $300,000 yeah if I
just had that money just sitting around
I go buy a tour bus perfect I like when
we have a kid like I want to make sure
that we get a spot that we media
pregnant me you know it's comfortable
for you and for the baby I'm like okay
when I get a clean toilet that's my
excuses no ways at all what you doing
now
being a dummy come on roll nothing oh
he's going to do it again to watch just
you wait
yelling I like to point really see much
you learn from the rest alleys being
double attacked there is the holy
there's bezel and then Marley's just
passed out right on a cookie where they
want a piece of pizza I'll give you a
cookie when we get to the house eyebrow
if we were to get an RV a little add-on
anything of that sort where do you think
we should go and win totally about going
on this like big road trip especially
for like our honeymoon that's kind of
what I want to do Charles helps to go
somewhere which I'm not opposed to but I
thought it would be like an amazing
thing to be able to take our dogs and
kind of travel across the United States
because there's so many places I haven't
seen but if we were to do that what are
those places that you would like us to
go visit go on and put that down in the
comment section below on that now we're
going to go ahead and say goodnight if
you guys are brand-new you so much for
subscribing and welcome you guys like
today's video make sure you do hit that
like button it's something that always
reload toward in my life tonight guys we
love you so much and we'll see you
tomorrow bye
