Ali's first day of her last semester of
college wait no it's bittersweet I don't
know I've been in school for 18 years
now yeah never know when I don't mind my
my epic face right now I'm so tired when
I graduated college it was kind of like
okay because you're so used to going to
school for so long yeah yeah now you're
like uh but luckily I get to put in that
get to make videos so that's that's fun
videos and make them better you guys
travel do whatever go to events barley
actually Marley is a doggy school
dropout no actually she graduated she
graduated yeah she graduated the baby
you need to go back to school she looks
tired okay guess who literally just ran
into me so Florida and I transferred
here
as a biology teacher and do you like it
so far I love it I like good cheese yeah
I know the Big Cheese are awesome this
is the scenic route oh and I found
Christine hello how are you baby I'm
good good so yes I just uh heard this
loud screaming then I got a big hug from
this lovely lady I'm I remember I had a
camera and then I make videos and I was
like hey why don't I feel me
so thanks for saying hi I really
appreciate it hope you like FSU
we went away it's already 3 p.m. and I'm
just now starting filming
I've been like all morning I did a first
night at the gala to class but then all
morning I was just doing paperwork
filling out some Williams and just
editing and stuff like that so I just
every time I leave and I come home it's
always like this like game of catch up
up up up look at that guy look at that
crossing switching lanes in the
intersection switching lanes in the
intersection any who's oh so yeah I just
pick it up Alli from her first day of
her last semester of college ba ba ba
exciting she's gonna be graduating this
semester that's pretty sweet
there's so much you know what actually
today I think today is the inauguration
of the Florida Governor and I'm trying
to go through it all I was like why is
their military everywhere in a giant
parade and is there something like
welcome nation's leaders yeah you're
cool Marly
Elly's just now getting onto Angry Birds
craze it's like what Marley makes its
Marley's little grunting noise for -
let's do a little recap of 2010 what is
your all-time favorite mobile game free
Android or iPhone of 2010 mine would
have to be cut the rope I can cut the
rope was my top one followed by Angry
Birds I would have this oh no no no
followed by Fragger cut the rope and
Fragger and then uh Angry Birds tell me
your top three games of 2010 nope now
that we have time to have a little
little chit chat and we're not running
around constantly we can we can get back
to conversing how was your first day
class
yes it's Tuesday watch that post 29th of
April graduating Zoe your mouth smelling
but you get a hole is that your hole you
part of that one I was being all tech me
fine gotcha fine
but I don't know that's a word I just
made it up really nice to be able to
come back to the dog park and just relax
and enjoy the stinky dogs up and Marley
trying to be alpha dog was there she's
being awful dog again you farted girls
don't fart Marley is apparently queen of
these dogs here are you looking at oh is
this from that girl at the gathering
chocolate love story you're so hungry I
think this one's hungry she keeps
following me here what we're gonna go
over here
what's this go over here and see what
happens what do you want here I'm gonna
go around the corner again all right
let's go get food there's so ridiculous
every time they get hungry like you can
tell like I know what tot like every
time it's seven o'clock I know what time
it is you know how I don't have to look
at the clock I just know dogs are
following me can you feed the dogs yes
you get to be the dogs I want to play
with my new toy I got a new toy guys I
got a new toy remember okay do you guys
remember I guess it was a few vlogs ago
where I was complaining about my printer
looking like it was going to explode do
you remember that well look it I got a
new a new gadget HP sent me this new
printer Envy and I guess you can do all
this like be printing where you can like
print from your phone or something and
I've been like goofing around with it oh
yes I printed that out earlier
isn't that the lovely photo look she's
still hungry no but it's really it was
actually kind of cool and it gave me an
idea for a skit so I'm gonna film a new
skit on the Charles Trippy channel I
think maybe tomorrow if I get some time
but watch this
I'm gonna print you guys okay hold on
let me see I'm gonna take a photo of you
ready smile everyone smile wait okay
okay smile okay so let's see here okay
so let's print you guys gonna email you
yeah did you guys know that's what you
guys look like send go see if this works
I've been doing this all night it's so
fun it's a law if print print print
print print print print yep there you
guys are you guys are snazzy look how
snazzy you guys are it's really kind of
crazy you can like be anywhere and take
photos
sorry printer you were now retired Allie
got it and send Oh newspaper whoops I
have to feed it
OOP see oh that's a lovely food what do
you think it's lovely what are you
talking about thumbs up guys STC we got
a toilet EFT see this video um you want
to tell him what they've been doing
lately about how they're tricking us
yeah yeah Allie will feed the dogs and
then like an hour later so he'll go back
to a bowl she'll nudge your food should
go back to me and go back and forth and
then I feed her so she's they both were
getting four meals a day
it's ridiculous this smart guys are
smart aren't you little jerks your purse
is so shiny
it's like this you know what this is
like it's like a flamboyance like snake
that's what that's what they use to make
your purse is a flamboyant snake sighs
I'm a snake and I look it's pretty good
it's pretty cool that's pretty good
snake all right it's a good snake
impression
on your smacks butt yeah gotcha leave
the leg nice that's good form you're
jealous that let me see please knock
something over I'll laugh really hard
okay you know you're getting old if you
pull something
riding a grocery cart in a store move it
I really good for 2011 Ali and I have
decided that for one of our main
resolutions for this year is to eat
healthier especially on the road every
time we're on the road meat needs so
terribly so we went to the wood plastic
it's okay anyway no so we went to the
grocery store we got a bunch of
vegetables and fruits I didn't actually
ask you guys what your main resolution
is for this year so let me know ours is
to eat healthier and exercise more and
you know yeah I know I was gonna say
it's such a cliche thing I really am
going to do I'm gonna stick by it I want
you guys to make sure I do if I'm like
gonna eat fast food they're like no
Charles no you failed and I'll be like I
apologize and I will beg for your
forgiveness
thank you so let me know what you guys
is resolution is in the comments I wanna
I want to see what you guys are gonna do
and that's all motivate each other
because we've we seen for the gathering
just recently we're all we're all in
this together you guys are stuck with us
you stuck with us I love that girl all
the groceries started when you're
checking out she was saying how much she
hates water I was like really she's like
yeah I'm not gonna waste my time for
water and I was like is that your gun
this is mine I want this gun all they
use guns responsibly kids don't you wait
what do you think it was a water gun oh
it is a water gun I just gotta go like
that and just shake the water so you
want a gun don't give guns do dogs kids
sake okay thank you Oh Marley wanted the
gun whoa I think Marley actually will
eat it she doesn't eat ice she likes gun
ice oh you just left it oh thank you say
this is gross it has no flavor I'm with
that girl that's actually really funny
okay check this out look at this no this
doesn't that look healthy I was just
given a link do you guys remember I
guess it was mm yeah it's 2008 Wow that
long ago you guys nominated me for a
shorty award for the humor category and
we won we actually won I don't know how
many of you guys actually remember that
but it was pretty it was pretty freakin
awesome it was like they flew me out to
New York City and that's actually where
I got to meet Hunter Bergen the basis of
AFI so without you guys
I would not wouldn't that have been able
to basically meet one of my idols my
musical idols so that was really cool
but anyway so apparently the Shorty
Awards are going on again for the third
annual shorty award thing like that and
people on Facebook were suggesting that
we should go for the travel category
this year since we've been doing a lot
of traveling I'll put a link in the sub
bar basically just go to the link in the
sub
all you have to do is you just go to the
link type in Charles Trippy right here
one word Charl fruit be about smoothie
huh
that's me and for a shorty award and
travel and then I nominate Rosary before
shorty award and travel because and
you're right because CTFxC for the win
or whatever reason you want to do but
make sure you put something because they
have to see a reason why you can say
because I like squirrels I don't know
but yeah that's how you do it's pretty
simple Oh Ally wants to meet Kesha yeah
maybe we'll meet Kesha
maybe we can be the first person ever to
get to Shorty Awards well yeah if you
guys can do that the link I'll put the
link in the sub bar and yeah just click
it go to the page and just do that
nominating I don't know really what what
the deal is the voting process but I
guess this nominations so you guys can
take five seconds and do that I would
appreciate it
CTFxC for the win and I will see you
guys tomorrow what are you doing that's
your no pants dance
Ally's doing laundry can you tell
laundry honey you're ridiculous
thank you again and I will see you
tomorrow what does that mean
Oh battery's dying yeah battery's dying
all right guys
yeah
