no it's not checked it's just 45 45
seconds ago you just change the fuck no
I did
see you later Philly see you guys later
got my shit ready brek of this inflate
ok
look at new snow all the snow completely
melted section can I hot now decided to
seize Ellen oily yeah she's so cute
buzzing sound of the perfect always are
you done texture are you texting people
yeah BFF BFF Jill I think I BFF bro
brother that's oh it would be a fun
dress jail he's a jailer rose rose Jill
press chill
you're winning Ali
I know hi buddy going hey Wiggles oh hey
we're goes get him early sorry Kathy you
sitting like a goofball still how you
doing captain Wiggles one of the largest
requests on our store for all our merch
is that the photos are really bad so dot
decided that she would help us and model
all the things so you guys have a better
vision but wait you're actually the the
assistant aren't you the personal
assistant if you ever if you ever need
the book ever yeah you've ever had the
book doctor for anything guy get in
touch with Hannah yeah look a little
photographer yank you oh wait where's
the camera like that it'll be all sassy
like CTFxC it's so so for you really
Zoey you want to be in the shot that bad
give me your best rocky impression again
oh good well you got to like the statue
though one side it was yeah model Justin
like I said I was just getting really
pissed off with how bad the photos of
our shirts were on our store so we're
just doing this really quick gotta do
the Abercrombie I want to do that we're
like my brain stick get you the shoulder
thing where they hunched over look up
do this do the email how can we every
time we see you your bearing little
doggie stuff you got Marley you got her
a tuxedo you wish Kobe and Tyson wheres
waldo you fry food no that's not so II
that's Zoey's yeah come sorry hey you
get to be a boy come where no but I
think it's the I think it's the other
way yeah you put it down no the other
way tricep tux shows you look like a
champ there you go Marley hey baby are
you doing it every time every time you
got something new we gotta fold to call
there we go oh you got a popper collar
you gotta pop the collar you know what
just because you're in a dress doesn't
mean you get to go chase squirrels that
is really funny my god the rhinestones
I've got rhinestones having fun with
that now they are formal wear yeah I do
ready for the wedding go hey guys what's
going on buddy Kobe don't destroy the
car please don't destroy the car with
your tail yeah kinda makes a long trip
back home actually i'm really excited
i've been home and wow it's been like
two and a half weeks but apparently in
my car wait what's going on how do i get
oh hey here's a dollar are you kidding
me for just mayor my tire needs to be
blown up
this is ridiculous this is this is
highway robbery they even have it on so
we got it um it anyway yes it's been a
crazy couple weeks hasn't it we've been
like all over the place um it's been
really really kind of fun right sorry
this takes all my concentration quick I
just put in Saudi five cents in at work
that's weird uh oh yeah I hope you guys
had fun over and the MTV thing I was
really it was really him I little trying
to do this and talk to you guys
seriously it's ridiculous but no it was
it was a blast where did this come from
nitro fill this even my car this isn't
the same thing
um I'm really confused right now yeah
right hold on sorry about that I'm so
confused i guess the dealership put
nitrogen in my tires and took my little
caps you know that our on the tires took
those original ones and threw him away
and put up these little little metal
ones to say nitrile feel like all
special and fancy so I was like
unscrewing a mess i was talking I was so
confused I was like is this it in my car
and like I didn't even remember I didn't
tell them to do that and actually I
don't even know if there's even a
benefit of having nitrogen and Mike
thought my tires or not hopefully mixing
nitrogen in there isn't going to be a
problem otherwise that will make for an
interesting blog the first thing I'm
going to do when I get home other than
you know take the merch upstairs is I'm
going to jump in the shower and then
jump into bed and watch cloverfield
because ever since we've been in New
York I've been really like wanting to
watch it oh and I have to I have to make
the correction I'm sorry it didn't
happen on New Year's the global field
monster happened at a going away party
in May so I apologize doom doom doom
doom doom dimdim did the teacher oh
thank goodness home sweet home wow this
feels nice I just wanna throw my couch
we go sell the couch yeah that's much
better you really come to appreciate
your your home or your house when you're
gone for so long I'll any fishies oh I
gotta give you guys some more water
Thank You mr. robot get a lot of robots
in this house only so naturally you when
I came home I had like FedEx things and
UPS things and I got a I got a package I
got a Christmas present from blippy calm
look they sent I don't know what this is
tect I'm not gonna say it right teach
Joe cheap petrol add a 30 day supply of
dark chocolate take as needed for
inspiration happy heart coping focus
optimism and even euphoria but yeah so
thank you blippy that's very nice of you
if you guys aren't following me on
blippy you can I just poked myself in in
the face I think it's on our page some
you can check it out that's pretty cool
little website so thank you guys for the
use of you and also the lame stuff best
buy bill comcast bill energy bill credit
card bill 18t bill o movie what movie
this is I might make it make up for all
the stupid bills I mean seriously like
why are they even called the hill you
know what I want to change it these are
now from now on gonna be called Williams
the formal the formal name movies this
grown ups so I movie any good I'm
totally random out is it bad then I like
this I like lighting candles more than
probably my fianc√© likes to light
candles it's like the smell of I just I
was like and I'll just go that makes me
really girly doesn't it I don't know
what it is I just like the smell candles
rock ok so you guys remember a couple
days ago when I was uh I was basically
being super email because I thought I
lost a doctor's on Bay footage and I was
going through my computer and my laptop
and I was oh my god it's not even on the
external hard drive one of the first
things I did when I walked in the door
check it out look at this once it adjust
there we go dr. zomb a there we go so
it's it's there I just have to cut it up
a little bit more just tweak it I'm not
over hyping this you might hate it but I
really really like it because as zombies
surgeons hot nurses and drunk doctors I
mean like seriously that's like the best
combination you could possibly ask for
unless Justin Bieber started singing
baby in the middle of it but hopefully I
will have this uploaded now that I'm
getting back home and getting the swing
of things so yeah uh actually do you
guys like I just like poof appeared in
the dining room ah yeah editing magic
book boo it's actually about twelve
o'clock in the morning right now totally
pounder totally phone Ali totally beater
you know why because I'm a steep it's
okay so we got
she she walked in the door and
immediately grabbed her octopus you guys
happy you're happy to be home oh please
Marlene make yourself yeah just yeah do
it yeah make yourself at home okay yeah
just make yourself at home apparently
she's make yourself at home Oh Marley
you done yet can we go to bed now gonna
be like 30 seconds of Marley just
romping oh yeah please puke on her yeah
please please puke let everything
that was awesome
