I just had a heart attack look what's
inside they're like can you see this
fake roaches in the cereal
I just where are you you douchebag so
nasty oh my god no I just freaked out
it's like they but then when they
weren't moving it was like a moment of
like I almost died and then a moment is
like I'm in prank vs. prank house if
this works this works know anybody who
has an iPhone for just a little update
you are not alone with the fact that
your alarm is not going off the past few
days I thought my phone was broken but
apparently there's an another glitch in
the iPhone to where the ugly alarm
doesn't go off actually I was trying to
figure out how many people are affected
by it
Jesse's phone is screwed up so if your
phone's screwed up too tell me in the
comments and I want to see how many if
you don't know just like set an alarm
for like two minutes from
and didn't watch your phone and see if
it goes off but I thought it so it's so
advanced and so awesome
yet it has the stupidest problems you
think after like four or five iPhones it
would kind of have this situation
figured out oh and also Ali this totally
pranked
Gina like hardcore hardcore like you
know how yeah it was so it was so good
out you know Ali she's really bad at
pranks but this was a great prank okay
so you know she put the roaches in Ali's
favorite cereal and Ali freaked out yeah
Ali freaked out right so Ali put it in a
prop from a used for like an old prop
from a failed prank from the prank vs.
prank channel and yeah so please just go
to youtube.com slash prank first break
and watch that and just say in the
comments like Ali pwned you or something
because it was really good I'm really
proud of you honey that was really good
that was a really good one so go check
that out and what it look like in this
Angela fighting factory Franklin
oh really this is what the Delaware
Delaware River where Washington crossed
it Delaware
what
I'm sure it's in a movie Internet is
this in a movie
really you might not be new though it
might have been
the building that has the guy on top
believe
there's a we're in a building that used
to allowed to be any buildings taller
than that building but now they totally
went past that and they said it was bad
luck that's what it's okay we could do
it now they want this is called Penn's
Landing it was a little ice-skating rink
over there we should still wear the
pirate ship see the pirate ship out it's
a pirate ship
look yeah looks like one what's a
pirate's favorite letter really having a
hard time admitting to this one but yeah
obviously the pranks are still
continuing see this - right Jessie who's
dropped where's the front piece yeah so
he borrowed my phone he's like I just
want to see what the ACR looks like my
phone's in the car and so I you know
naturally give it to him and then he
proceeds to drop an iphone from there
right I'm just like you know
ha ha ha ha funny you yeah really you
dropped my phone yeah okay I believe
that looked over and there was an iPhone
on the ground in two pieces
and yeah I appreciated yeah I was trying
to be really calm but um yeah you have
to go check that on his chair I can't do
it was 20 because I was getting so mad
at him because he sacrificed an iPhone
for a prank I was like more bad at that
as I know cuz I didn't know how to react
I was like I know he didn't really mean
to do it and like but I don't know that
was a good prank yeah yeah smashing
electronics I know I was the saying like
all the tech geeks they're gonna mad
mini panic attack on that one
I didn't know how to react I was just
like freaking out I'm like okay all my
contacts are like in the movie at
national treasure al we need Nicolas
Cage
cannot make fun a Nicholas Cage do not
do you know why it's cuz he's so awesome
also fun fact related to the coppola
family changes named a caged I could
make it on his up there which is why
he's awesome
the president's house
really look at it's bigger than I
thought you get small fragment of ends
what is this thing
oh is that part of it that's what that
is
that's cool
camera was too too narrow almost switch
back to this camera does that how they
transported it all they received a
replica that's kind of cool
seriously I want to go home watch
national treasure so bad right now like
you guys have no idea it's a baby Bell
like epic music in the background as I'm
painting chair I'm not really sure what
it is but I'm sure it has some sort of
historical significance pass and stow
pass and stow it must mean something
there it is the original Liberty Bell oh
that's a person's head let's take let's
get a nice little 360 of this thing
that's one big-ass house
however everyone has never seen this
that you have is this little ding-a-ling
let's conquer saw the one over there
right there Wow
this is leaving and Nic Cage fan again I
remember when they were up there and
then this little thing I think was this
right now oh it's covered now but it was
shine a little shadow and it put the
spectacles right over there you guys
remember that in part of the movie I
think it drinks up bottle oh oh I
thought it was a prank
I'll see they're restoring it so you can
kind of see what it would look like you
go to the sidewalk I like standing in
the mud makes me feel manly actually a
couple years there was a YouTube
gathering right over there yeah that's
pretty cool you can see the ice bouncing
off and then this was where rocky ran
down the oh hey there's rocky right
there yeah all the flags did you end
this the stairs and we're gonna
obviously run up and down I'm singing
the rocky theme song hopefully we don't
fall it's one oh that might be fat a lot
better actually here to park he's just
like you can go run up are you getting
ready
my butt's all wet yes
Oh nigga lady nigga lady
I don't know get more views they were
making thumbnails back in the day I'm a
little afraid to run up these stairs now
if I fall on the grass clearly go watch
the bear watch the bear watch the bear
it's pretty accurate Ali being the Good
Samaritan offering to take photos for
people just like I don't think I'm in
nearly a good enough shape though we run
above a kickboxing that's not too bad
rocky pansy I just did that
geez rocky rocky that's rocky oh look
let's rock his feet no no you're good
you're good
apparently rocky was wearing Chuck
Taylors let's see this look at that
rocky I just did that and I have bigger
feet than you oh that's pretty that's
pretty but no yeah Rocky your pansy I
can totally beat you up look at all
those Iraqis everyone you come here and
I was just asking Jessie I was like do
you think the museum gets a lot of
distance now because of the movie and
he's like now everyone just runs up the
stairs and leaves it's so true that's
all everyone's doing it's kind of like
crazy how big of never seen the movie
Rocky so I am probably gonna get flamed
in the comments like as far as like
cinematic history it's kind of like I
don't know I'm so part of American
history now right yeah statue the statue
he's pointing out there's all these like
Civil War or statues and all these
really historical statues and there's
rocking the ball
like this don't don't step on the white
it's what it is
see I knew it you were trying to come up
with an excuse because you don't want to
break your mama's back you have to do
every other one like this there's the
william penn statue we were talking
about earlier just letting you guys know
and that's that's the building you can
skate on in Tony Hawk didn't love Park
really right on the left side of it is
the pond and then there should be the
love sign right there what 20 Hawk like
Tony Hawk 3 is the first one first one
yeah there's where the Cedars are sorry
pieces oh look everyone what was your
favorite monopoly piece Bo's yours do as
a dog I always fought my sister for the
dog did that be the car or the dog or
the the thimble the will bear I'll be
like ice the thing I was filling with
money drive it you like the car the
rolls-royce looking car
it's a pizza this is this is where you
eat basically it's the eating eating
trough I guess and there's mirrors
everywhere I don't know things wow
that's like Momo sighs Momo is like that
too that it's the size of your head
yeah that's pretty big that is creepy
so does this street look familiar to you
guys just how about this yeah this is
one of the cut scenes from It's Always
Sunny the intro get my teeth that is so
great I like that you freaked out her
aunts that big one yeah I would die all
over your face just kind of like this
that's the real one but these are the
mean people right say yeah yeah well
that's right here like if you go first
Philly cheesesteak you have to know what
you're getting or they just yell at you
people better know what they're getting
otherwise they're gonna get like
flapjack in the face Sigma code it's
like a crazy code that you guys have
here good all right this is the feud
there's Pat's cheesesteaks and then
there's Geno's Holly Pat's
yeah like Pat's more that's his original
that's the original one and then Geno's
is kind of like there he's the rude guy
right along to the both rude actually
two years ago we did a video rhett and
Link there
try your first cheese sake oh I don't
know doesn't seem like just like
overcompensating there with the light
Gino's do you think it's pretty pretty I
don't know but you guys like better
Pat's or Geno's
it's really cool-looking
didn't work see this you guys remember
this guy the creepy the creepy head in
the bag the famous head in the bed that
was on Ellen twice now
they didn't even credit them but it's
funny cuz there's like all their props
from the videos it's like going to our
house where we have props from all our
videos like all over the place here see
he can't even get up the stairs can't
even get up the stairs Oh rocky just yes
to do that as the disclaimer
Philadelphia fans ever everywhere I feel
bad I'm apologizing to Rocky fans
everywhere now he did just run across
the entire city
America's shmores some s'mores
oh and yours Ally would be on fire hey
guys so if you missed our epic snowball
fight montage just click right here and
I go please go check it out on
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy our
main skit channel we're just gonna be
packing up and we're gonna head back
unfortunately to Sarasota thing back
home to Tallahassee please go check this
video out a radiant thumbs up send it to
all your friends I really wanted to do
really well because it's just every time
I watch it I get like kind of goosebumps
knowing that there's so many of you guys
all over the place willing to have fun
and come together as a family that you
know family court so please go check it
out if you haven't and enjoy and thank
you again for being part of the GG MXC
awesome family core extraordinaire I'll
just keep adding things I'm just gonna
keep adding things every single time so
I'll see you guys later good night
and yeah guys are awesome on do high
five
do you want to do it okay ready one two
high five
