one two three time to check out Jessie
how are you feeling I had a good last
night
Jesus I had to open a window and he
specifically airing at the beautiful
scenery so last night was pretty freakin
awesome
we're just though we're just getting
ready to leave the hotel check out and
we're gonna go to Columbus Circle
hopefully a couple of you guys were able
to make it I know total last minute and
the snow is melting but we'll see how it
turns out
you gotta have fun with your job that's
awesome
it's for notes we are on our way
hopefully if we can figure out where
we're going
great for the snowball fight that snow
no yeah hopefully the snow in Central
Park is a little bit nicer can't believe
how like melted everything has gotten
since we've been here you can't come to
New York without trying to raise pizza I
don't actually know if this is the
original ones
is this a real one or the fake one so we
were on our way and Jessie and Allie
they wanted to go to raise sorry
would you get would you order I got a
white white white pizza white pizza yeah
we got a Twitpic from you guys this is
some juggling act right here you pregame
in with pizza wait there's another raise
okay seriously I know there's a
controversy which is the real raised
pizza I don't I don't know there's like
a billion of them I want to go into but
you're not the real one it's like a
video game when you walk under
scaffoldings in New York you have to
basically duck all the melting snow
there it is there's a CTFxC flag right
there that is funny I think we found
them I think we found they're right
there boy we can't do it here hey
let's get away from the road I don't
want anyone to get hurt
hey face camera blame Ali that's Ali Ali
wanted pizza
oh that's cool
yeah there's a lot of people here hey
raise your hand this chatter name
alright we're trying to find a good spot
to wait how long this is gonna last but
we can do on baseball field all right
all right here's the ground rules this
is going on the main channel
rules rules okay no rock okay no rocks
no and try not to compact it too much
because it really becomes rocks and then
no hitting in the head and everyone just
have fun and oh most important if anyone
has a camera don't go for their cameras
or anything especially that camera do
not go for that camera or I will I will
scissor kick someone everyone run out
and then I'll be in the center
you guys all run in just talking about
us okay
Oh
I love you planning when I say so I'll
fight I didn't hit me only I know you
guys are here
Oh God smart down that's good
where's the flag alright that's Ali seam
get out right there
well you know I'm serious baby bunnies
camera
we're gonna go check out the snowman but
apparently the CTFxC built everyone's
let's see our little snowman
look at that you guys are bad thank you
guys for coming
Wow that's actually really big I thought
you guys really a small one and I like
the bottom part you guys are perverted
arresting everyone's a little tired now
but that was unbelievable I thought
there really five people there right
there was people who had estimates of up
to two three hundred people so
definitely a flash
snowball fight and it was really funny
what
it was really funny there was a bunch of
people that would come and throw
snowballs at people when they were
taking photos and Ali would chase them
down Central Park it was really funny
how all of a sudden I would be like
talking to somebody and I just did a
quarter-mile running just running
running down soundtrack yeah jesse was
filming on this camera the 7d so he felt
the flash mob snowball fight
so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put it
on youtube.com slash Charles Trippy so
make sure to go over there subscribe and
watch the CTFxC at the coolest snowball
fight ever hurt that's YouTube history
it's the first snowball flash mob even
open all right take two red curry
there's so many people trying to get
back to Jersey people are trying to
leave Justin over here we made it we
made it Holly tired Ali sleep we just so
many people trying to get on this train
I just got lucky
ran all the way down to the end we're
going to Philly right gonna Jersey and
then tomorrow we're gonna hit up a
couple things in Philly
yeah sorry cool she's a Jersey Frog
rocky stairs oh I got my workout for
today - wakey wakey eggs and Bakey
oh my god now yes I copyright 2011 we
started making snowman one kid goes this
is the most fun I've had all year and I
was like oh that's sweet and I was like
you asked
okay oh yeah what's this I don't think I
actually showed you I don't know if
everyone got to sign it but looks like
everybody made like a card and put their
little user names thought that was
pretty sweet
see you later train
we will
into the train yard or paying attention
to a glass-top get off very quick and
just have to be getting off side of the
Train like shut the doors and those that
you have there like pride of this pretty
scary we are here at the PvP house it's
really kind of funny I was just saying
how since I watched a video so much the
like pinpoint where things were like
this is where Jesse flipped out right
here with the Stanley Cup and then we
got the Scylla fane right was this one
and then the powder right on this so
it's kind of funny to watch that watch
all the videos and then see that so kind
of : in the bug the bug was over here so
yeah you're like a cat this guy it's
yeah but this guy on his his Flickr page
just at reply to us a bunch of photos
from the gathering so go check those out
they're pretty cool I would have to say
that a lot of them came out really cool
there's a couple of them Jesse looking
like a rockstar to where those were the
rock star ones looking at the paparazzi
that's cool she was really nice well
she's probably know my videos for like
kitty right here but uh yeah no I
we're just looking at all these photos
came out really cool so I don't know
there's a lot of you guys there's a lot
of you guys right there look but okay so
what is this place we're going to her
Wow
we're apparently getting sandwiches it
looks like a convenience store but I
guess they make fresh sandwiches in here
so I'm gonna get up eat balls oh this
guy is probably gonna think we're nut
we're like both marching in here the
cameras like probably
so before asleep I gotta keep it down
because everyone's sleeping over there
oh I just want to let you guys know I
did an epic montage spectacular of the
snowball fight from today so please go
to youtube.com slash Charles Trippy I
spent all night doing it and go check it
out you can click great here I'm gonna
put it right here click right here go
over there
watch it there's a surprise song in
there but I'd never heard it so it's
really cool
and I hope you guys enjoy it thank you
again for coming out it was unbelievable
and I just had to make a little montage
and put a few guys a few that few of you
guys sorry in the video so go check it
out I'll see you guys tomorrow and CTFxC
for the win
