let's try this again take two
with the bat
a good Ally she's fascinated by the snow
it is what you
all of the ground of it you know
but it's only something Philadelphia I
had to do it you knew I had to do at
least once I love how the first thing
the first thing we see when we get off
the airport is a bunch of It's Always
Sunny in Philadelphia
t-shirts Oh ants now yeah does your cat
make too much noise I like how it says
last bag right there and it was us
follow the other one
it's so cool oh this little snare drum
hello everyone so we are here we're
currently in Jersey right now oh this is
fun fact about New Jersey yeah you see
you can't pump your own gas yeah we just
pump our fist no we're gonna get on a
train and head over to New York but
Ali's been freaking out she's been
wanting to play in the crappy snow oh
look at they even do that that's crazy
what's Penn 9 Sylvania I don't know I
like that so much it's so much better
than LEDs
you never see those anymore this is what
the Train looks like now and I will cut
to once we get closer to New York
apparently it's gonna get really packed
right and that's just two stops later so
that's what it's looking like now and
that's what it's like that YouTube video
in Japan what could go pushing you
through it yeah just start pushing mmm
delicious Oh New York how I missed thee
you smell like it's like garbage and
pizza it's pretty sweet I want to show
you the best thing though I want to show
you the great view of New York City
that's the best thing about coming New
York is the view look at that view there
we go look at that view
that is a view I'm uploading the vlog
right now and I want everyone to go to
prank vs. prank Channel and say Jessie
you did an awesome job with the internet
he basically saved us remember last year
we were here the internet took about the
vlog there weren't even nearly this long
like there's there now it would take
what was it like 13 hours to upload I
just hit upload and it's a 31% so go to
youtube.com slash prankvsprank and say
Thank You Jessie and Gina because they
did good at this place now I can enjoy
myself and I don't have to worry about
it count one two four six three good
good all right watch your feet we're on
our way we're gonna try to find you do
it at least finally got to used to
actually use your uggs other than in
Florida which are useless how we're just
gonna walk around maybe Times Square
okay so we were just talking about what
we could possibly do for a CTFxC mini
gathering or something while we're out
here so how you guys for maybe a wow
that's a lot of snow how are you guys
okay sorry distracted by the cold white
stuff what do you guys think about a
snowball fight an epic snowball fight in
Central Park like all of you guys coming
to Central Park January 4
January first and let's just have a
giant epic snowball fight what I'll let
you know more of the details okay I'm
gonna go kick her butt and then I'll let
you guys know details later it's on
right
sit on say it oh nice - it's on you see
this all right what did I do a whitewash
snowball fight right now yeah do it once
no well do it at least I use cleans no
it's a giant tree that's right not a
good thing listen okay so you're
preparing for like millions of people
look at this the Charmin store you guys
go in there it looks like a store just
going number two in bathroom and stuff
like that
look it's a giant toilet well one of my
favorite places ever Times Square I love
this place and we're actually gonna be
for the New Year's party
that's the Viacom /tr else to do that's
where we're gonna be inside that
building and everyone else hears we
freezing so we feel really lucky buy two
two free drinks valued at $100 getting
ready for tomorrow
there that's where the uh right there's
with the ball is on top of that building
right there that's where the ball is
gonna drop and we're gonna be in this
building right here you can even see
2011 we kind of made it in the toys-r-us
it's a video photo he's terrifying when
he walks out so Julie Kali just totally
went off on that guy whatever I guess
everyone's got to try to make a living
but I wanted to show you guys Iron Man
what is this whoa
that is cream way no photos hold still
he won't see you
those are all Legos there's like little
guys on the outside there's King Kong
over 9,000 probably maybe Bally's
freaking out all the Barbies girl this
would have been like oh my god
distracted yes you say this is like I
would have like a dream world dream
world I would flip out
it's going all right
that's funny look at Ali she had to get
some candy
- pain
sounds so good as you can see they're
still cleaning up after the blizzard
three days ago I think we just had like
we had like perfect timing we didn't
have to deal with all this that bus is
trying to run people over the big red
balls it looks like they're floating
it's so cool
and there's Radio City Music Hall that
is starting to get out freezing it's
starting to get crazy okay so you saw
the bus then you saw a cop almost run
somebody over it's just getting nuts at
the beginning tomorrow is going to be
insane
just keep an eye on Ali's head everyone
there's the famous Rockefeller Christmas
tree and what you say
Swarovski that's the famous tree over
9000 again nobody gives this tree and he
loved pretty this is a pretty tree I'm
giving this tree some love
so pretty guys and this is how many
people are very
actually guys do you do know this if
that tree is there all that happened
earlier
like in the summer I don't remember
seeing that I actually think it's been
actually constructed or like fashioned
real like a fig tree I think it's a real
I would put the CTFxC on this is this
tree here all year and is it real I sort
of sort of win
Wow
Ali is having a ball my contact look at
you can't move it I compiled it froze
solid it to the wall because I'm also
cool
that's what that's my theory I'm
sticking to it you have to see this okay
I'm just gonna let you guys know do not
come here if you are hungry do not what
is this place called you guys own the
silver leaf and York City do not come
here this is what you get you get a crab
cake jumbo lump crab cake okay I would
have you comparison no seriously you
haven't seen this comparison look at
this this is a comparison right now that
is my finger yeah if you're hungry just
go get upraise famous rays or something
or McDonald's probably get a bigger crab
cake oh my god I can't stop laughing
it's just funny to me
you can actually can photo bomb bombs
that's not funny
no is a cooler single possible what is
that smell so bad oh my god I wish you
guys cuz now I don't wish you guys could
tell that I won't do that was awful ally
put away the snow you know you're not
supposed to eat the yellow snow right
remember don't eat the yellow snow
she's ridiculous it's adorable honey
you're such a goober this is a fancy
little place
tonic-clonic
so Jessie love Ally Watson come early or
not
don't take my powers as Optimus Prime
baby this right here right in the
cranial didn't don't I didn't dun dun
dun du da da da da dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun du dun dun dun did then
yes ok we're done dude alright really
yes okay CJ 5003 free I'm in Columbus
Circle
on December no January 1st I lied you
said really so 3 p.m. in Columbus Circle
we're gonna have a massive Meetup /and
or snow
that's really cold yeah okay yeah really
bad dirty okay so we'll see you at clubs
circle 3:00 p.m. Eastern
okay yeah so if you're in the area 3:00
p.m. Eastern Columbus Circle January 1st
2011 Wow
2011 heard you I did there was no no
seriously no no no no no no no no no
yeah I know it's not good
yeah we'll see you 1st 2011
CTFxC for the win prankvsprank for the
wind yeah what's you guys soon
it's coming over the army waiter
merci yes
with y'all trippin
it would be an ally
you
