hey sleepy he's sleepy too hey guys so
we gotta go get some sleep i guess you
know it's too early when the dogs don't
get out
so we got to the airport and yeah we
missed our flight this is the first time
we've ever ever missed their flavor
fault ever so maybe we won't be going to
New York
like we've been we pushed it pretty much
but I don't know US airways has a
45-minute cut off I think every other
airlines 30 minutes guys I hope they
just have another flight we could get
there later otherwise Florida New Year's
all right we got good news the good news
is the lady was really nice and we're
flying now we're flying sir soda will go
back down to Sarah Sarah let's keep
that's bad news yeah but we're flying
out a 630pm so we're just gonna be about
you know 12 hours late so the good news
is we're still going it's ever done that
have you ever missed a flight it's like
the most like I don't know you just feel
I hopeless because there's really
nothing you can do you can't blame
anyone except yourself you know what
made me feel a little better tell me you
missed a flight really yeah it's Ali's
fault actually I was trying to be nice
and not blame you and for mr. flight and
I've been flying since I was six months
old
first time for everything see I was
trying to be nice I wasn't trying to put
blame on her but there's no solution
time yeah always that we're gonna be on
time for once yes exactly cuz I'm very
punctual I'm a punctual person no you're
not yes I am yes I am shut your mouth so
I do I now have a get
get-out-of-jail-free card out
oh wait no here we go if the dress is
sitting in the apartment
you have to quality oh no not even even
oh ok so I was everyone had to go back
to Tallahassee apparently ever got Ali's
dress but I know I have it cuz i had my
jacket i have to head her scarves why
would i not have the jack what were you
saying are there's always a reason
there's a reason for everything so you
know we were supposed to be on that
flight so now we're gonna go on this
play I think they're happy are you happy
are you happy you guys happy pig all
right well I'm gonna go back to bed I
will see you guys in an hour this is
actually gonna nice Marley it's your
friend again Oh Zoe it's a ton time tail
probably weighed my dog is huge well i
drool that drool look at that drill spot
so it looks like Marley chased off to
taunton I thought was how many Marley's
probably 30 to marleys i think i think
that slobber was scaring her is what she
was worried about it was gonna mess up
her it was gonna mess up her sweater she
was worried about her sweater can you do
it Zoe the big jump good good job dude
at the airing out your stinky shoes all
right Zoe take to be good you to Marley
up laying on a kitty cat bed okay a
little bit of an airport change there's
a military helicopter right there same
speed that's that's what we're using to
that's what we're getting get the Philly
so you're gonna make us late again yeah
I think I'm gonna go in the bathroom for
ali smuggling shampoo bottle of shampoo
is inside popular bags and she's like
I'm just gonna need to take that I was
like I don't know another reason why
Sarasota is awesome here's something
really funny when I was going through to
get tickets checked everything I gave
the lady my ID she looked at it looked
at me look at it look at me and she
asked if I was Justin Bieber yeah oh let
me show you my ID okay hold on see that
is my driver's license does that look
like does that look like Justin Bieber I
think she was just being goofy yep so
that's my embarrassing driver's license
photo
land Washington here we come
you just want to see something that's a
pretty funny actually it's not funny at
all hold on one hour delayed right get
there 945 part 43 and we're supposed to
leave at nine ten Oh killing time right
now and I got an email saying something
along the lines like one of my relatives
died and I was to inherit a bunch of
money so i replied to him I actually
just replied kill and later good day how
are you i am steve ciao principal
assurance manager of china trust
Commercial Bank in London and contacting
you with new darts your state of mr.
Alfred trippy I'm not making this up
like this what do I ask you to do at the
bottom I don't know at 0 point four
million look at hey I'm a
multi-millionaire see it's really fun
the best with spammers um Steve ciao Oh
tryna Bank in London how do they find it
is a seriously
it's funny smiley the contents of this
nail confidential and respect the
integrity
you come by as a result of this mail oh
sorry see Joe I contact you
independently and no one is informed of
this communication
I'd say a couple people now so our
connecting flight is late t minus five
five minutes and as you can tell
we're still in the air
so we have the
in the Hall of
well if you guess that we would not make
thick the connection you were right but
this one this time it was not our fault
literally the plane was scheduled to
take off at nine ten it is now nine
twenty they would not uh but this time
this time it was that my fault nor was
it allays fault it was US airways fault
I guess sigh I don't know if we're ever
gonna get them uh so okay here-here's
the upper we're not spending the night
in the in the airport which is cool they
gave us a meal voucher your saris
Airways give us a meal voucher after the
fact everything was closed but I guess
it's the thought that counts so we can
look at it maybe eat the meal voucher
itself that's cool Oh US airways for
that one I expect a mint on my pillow
and a towel shaped like a unicorn
shooting rainbows out of its eyes it's
we're gonna be at a hotel I just talked
to Jesse and windy we're gonna go to New
York City I guess right after we land so
today we're we're in Washington DC's may
be winging up with some friends or
something last minute gathering I don't
know well speaking of gathering you guys
become gathered i think january first
we're gonna have a mini last-minute
CTFxC gathering I'm gonna let you know
where or what time or anything but it
most likely to be January first so make
sure if you're not following me on
Twitter please go right now twitter com
/ Charles Trippy and twitter com / Ali
speed and follow both of us will be able
to tweet our location where it is more
frequently than on the vlog so take it
to hit pause open up a new tab follow us
both on twitter links in the sub R if
you're lazy like me you don't want to
type things but yeah if you want if
you're in that New York area the awesome
I really love to meet you guys take some
photos don't really know what we should
do
but you know what I just want to get a
giant group photo and if you have any
CTFxC hoodies or shirts and stuff where
are those and we'll get a giant group
photo if you guys have any suggestions
on where we should have the gathering
please tell me in the comments I was
thinking maybe the library of Union
Square Central Park so if you have any
ideas please tell me and also tell me if
you plan on coming january first until
the lesson together so again it'll be
fun another mouthful but it would be fun
how I getting like this SnipSnap
SnipSnap and they could be a little
nicer right now it could be a little
nicer but I do understand the situation
and you know it's it's our fault it's
our fault that we missed our first fight
maybe we're supposed to be in philly
tonight maybe we're supposed to be in
Washington may be something cool is
gonna happen give me your best sassy
face
I've been telling her if she did that
they'd probably listening the whole time
whoo doo doo doo doo did you did it did
it did it able to do do do do do do do
do do do do what did it's due today due
to the gym thank you did it this is
fancy shmancy oh maybe not I see you
know what I can't be upset because I
like misadventures you know what I mean
like first we missed our flight that was
totally out of fun yeah so we're now a
free vacation I in Washington we paid to
come here now we're here for free I love
do we have clappers oh my god remember
how he threatened oh wait no uh I really
honestly I just prefer something I
honestly thought we had mints nope we
have an eye mask and what is that an ear
right away what they give us earplugs
well you know what this will do this
will do we need earplugs I bed test
ready go good hey Ali do you have any
cheese why no i don't but i think i can
find a place where we can get some
hollow hey Charles yeah what are you
yeah we're thinking of us in the hotel
right now I don't know they probably
think we're insane
beep okay we need to get some food it is
very alien like thank your ass stubble
Brad whispers go Bobby Edith here where
are we Colombian pike I guess in
Arlington we're a little bit delirious
right now it's off yeah paint Brennan's
right is my buddy Travis I've know
Travis since wow how long we have yeah
Sunday's yeah we used to actually get in
trouble in Sunday school that was that
was like that was great what there
yes so we're here in Washington um we
figured that you know since we're you
know stuck in a hotel white as we go out
let's see Washington to my friend he
lives here and showing us around how
does Ali yeah hey he's my champ hi
that's the wrong hands it's okay all
right this is travis everyone everyone
say hi to Travis he's new to the
Internet so welcome double double toil
in trouble are you having a Cosmo thwack
you have a Cosmo will we make the next
light in our adventure all the way to
where are yours it's not here are few
years 2010 that was annoying don't
pretend video I had to cozmos and I've
already grown nine ways well today has
been an interesting day but we are we
had fun you know this way you always
appreciate the misadventures because you
never know where you gonna end up yeah
we got stuck in Washington DC but I got
to see my good friend natural that I
haven't seen for a very long time Ali's
does shut up Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck
Chuck you gotta get kicked out he's down
Charles do see the bodies early and
scout the early you could watch about
the channel Lavoie incision cuz the
internet killed all of it all
