it has now come for the time of wedding
venue shopping
here we are currently okay so going to
look hey you know what don't judge what
Oh Ali yeah look what happened dot Tim
totally punched Ali in the face she
totally just punched her defacing care
about remember you guys when you
actually was in the vlog yesterday where
they were trying to do the Superman
thing and dots have rolled over Ali BAM
right in the face so house got a nice
little black icon I've been hit in the
face twice in my life in the same spot
yeah we got it we have a meeting at 12
which is negative two minutes ago okay
which is seven minutes from now fuck out
and our little wedding planner I worked
at they did that and like you people
sitting down and like you've been they
were sitting for an hour so complicated
so many things so then maybe we don't
know maybe we don't open the house or
okay dear firehouse
you have delicious sandwiches love look
at this we actually have this I just
wanted to try it
Oh rich sandwich I bring you on the toy
that's it yes dogs and sweaters the
funniest things in the world that
actually looks pretty good on you Marley
makes you look slimming
I think they know where they're at but
do you know what you click go to the
park I saw her
it's a bird she's a bird she's in brick
she's bright she's bred between like a
bird like two can since we leave
tomorrow we wanted to take the dogs to
the park a little bit to run around you
know do dogs things like eat poop
rolling poop poop yeah
Marley you want to want to take it down
a notch
doom doom I will smash you
yep I gotta do it joining the kanay oh
yeah well I still got her sweater on
Marley's like my sweater is cooler ones
a lot cooler than yours choice whatever
friend sweet
I am I'm not wearing that the
marshmallow guy yeah that's it so I got
a new jacket now I'm not gonna freeze
but I really wanted to wear my converse
but my clicky converse I really wanted
to wear those but you guys are advising
that I have to get some boots so I'm
having to look at some cheap boots right
now and I hate I hate you shopping
that's why that's why I have bzees we
should make CTFxC shoes and just make
them look like this those are so old and
dirty but they're like the my lucky
shoes my lucky shoes hey guys I dress
myself modeling casual laughter huh look
at my penis at each or this guy he's
just like look at that look at ladies
look at that where this guy's like that
guy caught me
I think these underwear are slightly too
feminine for me please get those do you
think I could walk like you're pooping
is what I think that's my underwear come
back mom it looks like you're pooping
but you're also doing underwear okay
suffocating I loved are you laughing are
you thinking it right there definitely
get it can you tell my mom likes
Christmas just a little bit hello Oh big
scary dog big scary dog Oh big scary
dogs do you know we have to go Marley's
been a like by our side see ally was
taking a shower and she just opened the
door she was plowed right through it
it's okay we'll be back in like two days
yeah she's getting the sad things yeah
we're okay Zoey she doesn't care she
just keep seeing lasers and reflections
the late or anything like that and then
we land some I think we're going to
Jersey or Philly I don't remember where
were flying in but I think we're flying
into Philly actually I were flying into
Philly
Jesse from prank vs. prank is picking us
up and we're actually staying at Jesse
and Gina's house also it should be
pretty sweet I could watch this forever
so he's so funny
oh she's biting your leg Oh Marley got
her pin
I just missed that oh my god that just
attacked Zoey no Marley got smacked in
the face Marley's a little mad until
just that no my kitchen
it should be mean to you right she hurt
your ego I know she hurt ya Marley's
egos bruised now you guys remember the
inappropriate Batman alley found this in
the ocean and I guess it's I guess
there's a Dragonball dude okay so but
just look at the position and then watch
what he does
holds that inappropriate toys for the
wind so we made a special bonus video
for you guys today since we're gonna be
traveling and today's video is kind of
short so I filmed it edited and uploaded
straight from our our iPhone on the
iPhone channel so after this video go to
youtube.com slash trippy and watch
humpin Dragon Ball Z guy have fun that's
it okay for you know for a stupid iPhone
video I'm pretty proud of it
pretty proud of it like a bumper car
alright well we're gonna we got to deal
with this whole mess so I I will see you
guys tomorrow we'll be in Philadelphia
tomorrow felt the West Philadelphia born
and raised neighborhood okay and I was
thinking about doing maybe a small CTFxC
mini gathering in New York it just
depends if we have any extra time cuz
it's gonna be kind of like like I don't
I don't know how crazy it is in Times
Square I'm assuming it's gonna be pretty
massive but I'll let you guys know
obviously so but if you're not following
me on Twitter make sure to follow myself
and Ally on Twitter our links are in the
sub bar that way if we do something
last-minute you guys don't know and yeah
excited you guys excited it's gonna be
interesting oh my god maybe I can
high-five Snooki crazy make sure to
check out today's bonus video
inappropriate toy is well he's he's I
guess he's in appropriate so you can
click right here and it'll take you
straight to the video on our cell phone
channel youtube.com slash trippy it's
pretty it's pretty magical YouTube is
magical the internet rocks
so yeah it's I'm gonna warn you now it's
really stupid but I laughed so that's
why I uploaded it I'll see you guys
later hope you enjoy it and yeah viewer
viewer discretion is advised
I said alright alright see you tomorrow
Mircea
with trippy
if you
with trippy an early
you
