hey guys uh yeah oh that stuff yeah
don't don't pay any attention to that
that's just the the stuff that I'm
smuggling in yeah stuff it is now a
couple days after Christmas post office
is open so I'm dropping off all your
hoodies and t-shirt orders not all of
them this is actually only one car fold
there's another whole carful that i have
to do another day but I'm still trying I
tried to call the basically pissing off
every post office we go to i called this
post office around here and they're like
ah we can't do that i'm like wait you
guys don't ship things like no we don't
do them in that vault long story short
they were given us exact same thing but
good news is I convinced them and they
will ship bad news is I don't think it's
gonna be as cool as the situation we
have intel has to where i can just drop
it off i think i have to sit there and
let her scan every one of these so yeah
well that took a little bit more
convincing I thought I don't dare usps
why do you fight me so much what was the
last year you guys reported like an
eight billion dollar loss or something
like that along those lines a crazy
amount yet you fight me every single
time I try to give you money I
understand that you would like me to use
your online services but they only work
for pc so if they work for Mac I might
actually use them so that was my open
letter to the united states postal
service I need some tea now you see I'm
drinking tea now instead of coffee or
energy drinks I'm hoping that's a little
bit healthier pie not those still got
caffeine right the recording now no no
it is that this is just from today
go TC silica nice where did he go over
here oh there you are you're a spaz oh
no he got stuck in the car
so he responds we're gonna take a kite
oh those darling the wheel well now Oh
God
alright so if you're wondering where
your her dad are there on the wind yeah
really that is insane merch on the way
yeah we're tucked away all those brought
the other pull on a credit katsu all
right let's come please oh no that's
what she said I'll be there the better
worse forever I don't know just you know
singing in the verizon store no big deal
oh there's your mom I'll be there okay
what is he doing
bingo I could be an elevator voice right
first floor what is it again oh wait i
need to do it so that your head
disappears do it again
level 40 you just didn't make it up it's
a good impression tip Fanny the top down
ha good hey you guys right were you in
the bathroom language yes I'm sorry oh
it's floating how's your attorney guys
though the other times that dumb tuck
dumb talk boom talk will be obsessed
with that all that stays here try it no
what do you say oh I'm gonna totally T
oh that's what first thing I'm gonna
teach my kid dumb talk no bathroom
mirror where you learn the best things
ever I'm the walls in the bathroom
you're wearing a sleeping bag looks like
sleeping the heck
they're yeah you look like you're in a
sleeping bag looks warm though
pop colors
you look like lady gaga yeah the lady
gaga look at your hair oh we gotta do
the Albert Einstein thing where justice
tongue out so I'm about to have a mental
breakdown um I'm trying to find on my
hard drive by Chris when i bought it
right here the doctor zombie brain
surgeon video and i'm looking at my
computer and all these hard drives and
just so happened to of a recently
reformatted a couple drives at home but
I was gonna open up I just gonna upload
the zombie video tomorrow um so I was
gonna fit finish it and I don't know
where it is I'm like seriously gonna
have a breakdown like I have all the
other videos Twilight all halloween can
i upload the twilight video again this
is not good i might have to I'm just
fingers crossed that it's like still up
on the mac pro at home and I can't
upload it you know when we get back from
New York so be like first video 2011 if
it's there but I don't see it anywhere
I'm
back up back up yeah this is okay look
at yours off and up go to look nuts I'll
bareback oh oh she's like your new
jacket yeah that's funny well bad news I
can't find the doctor zombie video I'm
mildly freaking out but i'm i'm i'm
thinking it's at home but it'll be okay
so i'll have to post it when i get home
but we're gonna go meet up with um
everybody could be the last day we get
to see each other cuz we leave on
wednesday i'm hoping that the flights I
don't know where you guys one of the
unfortunate people stuck in the airport
for I don't know when I was well I was
watching the news and people are like 24
hours suck at JFK and I was like we did
that I remember doing that remember last
last summer we've everywhere yeah don't
remind you so hopefully our flights not
cancelled or anything like that I don't
know I'm looking forward to seeing New
York all covered in snow because I like
New York City yeah I like New York City
and I I love snow so it should be fun
but the only thing I only have converse
I'm gonna freeze my my feet my tootsies
I'm gonna freeze my pussy's off but um
like I said I was gonna post a doctor
zombie video to tim knoll today but
tomorrow as i'm talking this but I can't
do it and I just everyone just please
cross your eyes crossed your hair cut
your fingers cross your toes that I have
it on my computer at home otherwise
I'm going to cry you will see me cry
hysterically right yeah what are you
eating
wet wick yeah what are you doing Spencer
Spencer so there you can get at
Spencer's everyone was asking yeah that
one give me all your muddy you Dark Lord
makes you tell me shut up you are parish
you what does back of the race thank you
sir you justify me my house now Ali's
cleaning up the house I was wearing why
is this a musician so Ali hey Yuki wait
your birthday three days right oh man
everyone where's Burton happy birthday
to you but Ali's currently going through
a wide in Justin's house just cleaning
what I found at least 50 of these
already yeah we never we never you guys
already know alleys of you freak so
since drive your nuts in five seconds
good not get clean no you you you would
want to sleep with those arms oh yeah no
you don't want to do it are you going
with this those Alan do you want to tell
YouTube your stripper names I like this
is a bar
well you guys can decide which one she
should she's not really a stripper yes I
was really very much that's that okay so
we have dark honey and what was the
other one champagne ice so which fake
stripper name champagne ice or dark
honey should just yet Thanks came to me
when I was surfing and my friends are
talking about champagne and we were
freezing and I hot she kept a nice there
we go oh this is why men should never
have lightsabers yeah that's why I'm
agent person should have never never
raised with a lightsaber you still
cleaning le baby I'm putting a pile
holding it where's the power that was
wrong Wyatt really you like it out how's
he doing leave my Jedi hat yeah you know
dude oh it's great and I'm gonna wear it
all night good like seriously your house
is like it's like yeah toys everywhere
look at this halo helmet right there
that's going on next hey I knew you
doing the internet says fucking all
right everyone the other day we had
Justin do the whole like what do you
want to call that like a knuckle toe
thing where you guys were like whoa okay
seriously this is sequel thing I can
bend it this is what I need right well
my sister oh my god it's like completely
flat he's not hurt at all look at is it
clan look at that yeah but she should be
personally that's a normally answers
yeah man of many mysteries Oh cops the
cops got shot Josh shot garlic chopped
garlic shot don't do that you wouldn't
just an epic on the internet right there
justin
Oh Yuki oh you're dead you're dead I'll
called it
I seriously remember my ultimate
Christmas gift I think was like when
this movie came out was like 1993 that's
all I wanted for Christmas literally I
just wanted the moral Kombat movie that
was the best movie of all time as far as
I was concerned
guys why destroy his band the world
never I was like holding grocery bags
like Katy Perry kitty purry como here's
my pick all the number no talking about
jealousy infidelity and be cheating the
beating in the naked eye on the
diagnosis you do wish I don't know I
when your mama hahaha it's amazing
hopefully
okay no no no I'm not with you I lose my
way give me
gameover gameover gameover gone
see what you did
are we wait
and
hey where's easy at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
west with trust raphy and Ally
you
