Oh Lexus give up we were trying to
figure out who they were both had to
turn signal on to get that parking spot
we were trying to figure out and the
Lexus is the winner right
and the Beemer is the winner today is
called I think it's called Boxing Day no
and I guess maybe in Europe too
but basically it's a day after Christmas
where everybody's trying to shop and
it's a giant cluster F and we decided to
come out and try to see what's going on
is this is like just as bad as Black
Friday yeah so smelling this for sure
probably spent most of it in the parking
lot you know what this actually reminds
me of that episode of rockers Modern
Life you ever seen that episode of
Rocco's modern life when they had the
conglomerate Rai to get their spot oh
there's the spot right there okay we
totally called it no no no they went
through the thing you tricky bastards
forgot it sweets really got to find a
jacket for New York he called Hannah
all right so we gotta get jackets
because we leave in like four days or
the parent I'm really hoping that our
flight isn't canceled because apparently
there's a lot of snow in New York so I'm
shopping with three girls you know
braving it I got just another back me up
all right Internet do you like this one
all right get the other one I kind of
like this one oh and I'm the hanger by
the way for this one which one you like
better
yeah that one is pretty sweet who's that
sure that is a sparkly sparkly dress
that's pretty snazzy
that's pretty sparkly though I was like
walking around in the store trying to
find Charles my last day and then I ran
into this lovely lady why haven't you to
the couch okay okay let's jam one
mutters okay let's dance
very cool you and your vocal performance
that is that's very cool
very nice what do you like FSU right
yeah and would beat the Gators and
that's awesome right I'm just telling
you really ever run into anyone from
Saracen so this is really cool I'm very
excited although I know there see if you
get your woman that necklace clothes
come off I guess necklace goes on
clothes come off this is pretty sick
I totally want one of these now - I want
this one this is the one I want
would you guys would you guys think it
was awesome if I wore that shirt all the
time all right it's back to trying to
pack this stuff again
seems like deja vu for everyone our
Johnny boo for everyone on stage it's
deja vu for everybody hopefully we'll
have this taken care of before we leave
it's like a hurricane going on tonight I
don't know what's going on it's like so
windy though
Zoey's freaking out over there where are
you there she is
freezing whoo you ready Zoey yeah it's
been so windy lately I don't know what's
going on Allie Lauren and the girls went
to go watch Black Swan I was in the
finish up all the merch actually is this
even in focus
I don't even know it's I'm vlogging on
the 7d it's so hard to do that see like
how crazy the wind is oh no I know it
there we go you guys can't really tell
can you
it's a windy
what does ally and them are watching
Black Swan I decided to watch the movie
2012 I know I totally have been putting
off the movie for the longest I don't
know what it is about the movie I think
I feel like this very apprehensive
feeling when watching that movie like
it's like it seems so far-fetched that
all this crazy stuff would happen but at
the same time it's like what if I don't
know why like keep putting the movie off
so I'm curling
I'm currently currently watching this
movie I should we can teach her this
this Charles
item currently okay so but no I'm
watching this movie now and yeah did you
guys see this movie if you've seen this
movie just just let me know what you
thought about it and I'll let you know
too because what I've heard about this
movie is that it's next Geely almost
it's ready to watch the Zoe I'm vlogging
on the old camera right now it's so
weird it's so much smaller and crappier
you know what I mean I focus I gotta
focus something something's happening
I want to have someone like be my
background music all the time okay so I
thought this was another Ice Age coming
out but it just says from the makers of
Ice Age and it's a giant beach ball
and that's a big gun one another it's
another being now what is what is is it
really I don't know about this I thought
we already talked about this no new
movies or everything is coming out of 3d
what is happening
I'm hoping the data I'm hoping with uh
Scott says yeah I have a question for
you so why is it that every movie is
coming out as either 3d remake or just a
remake period what's happening here
right if the movie goes well and it
makes money Road then it's really
because we have no new good ideas that's
what I'm saying so are you gonna fix
backups as well no I can't see studio
that's pretty great right I really would
like to make sure I just want to make
sure that film schools across the nation
are producing people like you who are
gonna come up with great new ideas yeah
so you're gonna do it right I'm waiting
for it in a couple years to see directed
or written or something crazy by passive
cuz that's gonna happen eventually are
you gonna change your name something
crazy Hollywood it is pretty crazy I
feel like her name would probably work
just as it is how about you hand any new
ideas coming up for the movie for the
movie no I was a district oh that's
right this is all very secret it's all
the adventure it's all in there oh snap
dude J Bieber is that like Ria's are
life-sized
is that real JB's that Holly is hey hold
on hey what's up that would be better if
I had the hair so we just watched Black
Swan
I think I need a minute okay so what did
you think okay what did you think what
did you think what do you think that's
so far has been the response of
everybody who I've talked to you about
it okay
hello it's a girly girl I feel like I
definitely look at it differently than
someone who has not ever seen the ballet
would look at it if that makes sense
like not like I have an advantage over
other people it's just like I have I
know it's like I relate to it
differently it's like I look at it as
like a dancer and not like I don't know
I don't know how to explain he doesn't
know
no he said it was good but he doesn't
know what they don't know either I asked
them wait no one really knows we all
like it we don't know why we don't we
don't know but we don't know why we like
it and we don't know how to talk about
it I don't know whatever I need to sleep
on it and I'll tell you tomorrow tonight
wait
worse psst
with tripping
Photography and early
you
