if you don't good morning Internet
I bet you this is a beautiful way for
you to wake up son Saturday I don't
really know what's going on today it's
gloomy out of course but that's what
happens when we come back home
everything's super gloomy I'm going to
make some breakfast our Charles and
myself
and I think we're going to try and get
our day started early and hold a ball
guys use that before 4:00 p.m. this is
not that this is a good thing we get to
but shoot your thing go the diesel I
have my dragon
I borrow it
just go a little bit gonna get off of it
so I go for a walk what do you want
oh thank Maile hello guys this one on
the road you wanted to kind of go walk
around today because I think the rain is
going to come I don't know if you guys
can tell just out there in the ocean
this chillin I get to the Gulf and the
ocean the Gulf whatever same thing the
Bay of water the body I'm having a
really long community area now ever
since we gotten home every single day
and freaking diluvian disgusting and
coming from Hawaii my body clock I guess
you call is completely screwed up
sometimes I feel like I'm in London
sometimes we feel I was Hawaii either
I'm 11 hours ahead and warm six hours
behind all right six hours ahead its
hours behind us to say or is it fine I
don't know you get the point last couple
nights I've been going to bed at 4:30 I
can not get to bed
so is she she's got more energy than I
do and as a result she keeps the TV on
and I can't fall asleep
they'll keep the TV on slide minute
later it off carefully does it ever get
the turns media becoming really it's
never this choppy over here let's be
used on coming these alloys Gaza
problems diesel your big jerk
I mean they're loving this but it is
windy goes altered and look at that yeah
that's going to be a fun storm diesel
tends to love to roll around and make my
life fun right bud
yep there he goes yet again yeah Pulp
cheese come on by we gotta go for a walk
was the water over this is that why this
grass is over here I'm probably going to
jump in such a hippie shoes are for the
feet not for the hands no no big deal
it's just two double decker bus carbon
blue let them all oh my god there were
those daddy bear have a jelly belly for
that and slow down as well Freud gummy
egg yummy alligator Oh Ellie want gummy
teeth get a gummy do or the three
missing body parts one good gummy food
you want a gummy teeth I want to bury in
one tooth I can't get you wonder if I
can get see I want one tooth one egg you
know really all chickens would you want
those girls nice day one of each that's
a random thing that's so gross get a
gummy egg
why would say no eggs
I mean Oh handy like don't put your
hands in there I think that goes nothing
that's right we have a lady friend
and I got me dude they're fun and a
single candy one yeah you're one just
one one everyday that's two too many
Bava Scottie dog I want one three three
one skittle you want anything else
oh you guys put the Bananarama you know
we'll go crazy for two of those maybe
three
oh that's a little good going little
nuts this is what Ali lives for which
ones were the ones you like the apple
juicy pear and then you also put I know
that you're obsessed with this stuff -
all you need you're going to frustrate
me so bad all right excuse game where's
my chicken foot part for my chicken foot
slow so got my scrambled over easy egg
my teeth hi Doug my sky dog you know my
finger I had to go the most disgusting
ones a single runt
well now I don't have my aunt Jerry worm
I go all out magic wand ribbon
watermelon in a variation of candies
here get all wait sour patch now it's
going to suck up these fall you know
crazy and it's crazy
yes exactly drool talking with Melissa
and Meg and they said to get one of
these fire sticks because you can
jailbreak it and you know they on the
technological this isn't a sponsor on
the technological nerd when it comes to
things like that so I'm going to try to
do this it's like when I jail broke my
phone I used to love jailbreaking the
iPhone but now over the course of
actually I want to ask you guys this do
you jailbreak your phones anymore
because I don't think I've
remember too much sugars what's going on
now I realize it was it wonder happy I'm
all sorts of clumps up okay
Burton all day my old high school
oh hello high school bring a she's been
farting all day so that girls don't fart
but apparently they do when I got a
release to be I feel like when girls far
as the funniest thing because they're
like so shocked they're like it wasn't
me
well I think we did a lot louder than I
think it's funny cuz like literally any
time a girl parts they're always shocked
to the departed this is your school
where you went to school huh
Brian Crossley's we play first of all
where you said you are good but I still
be Janette walk so much better I beat
you in exam has infirmary dears remember
Ali was like oh I'm so good at
basketball then I'd be her didn't I take
it on the golf cart and I threw it and
it actually made it you know that's not
true at all I think there's a video very
very fun imagination I do I think it
actually happened because luckily we
have things filled cheese on a sugar
high you know have more sugar
I mean look at that that is pure sugar I
play a song you want to go we go Oh
lobbying to carry
no I was super healthy ex travel with is
an orange is good yellow poses jealous
balloons I like
here's our school oh I'm sorry I don't
come on dog cases you always kind of
funny it didn't end up raining today it
looked like it was and it said like I
think it said it was I guess 78 percent
chance of rain didn't rain so if you
were a gambling person and you gambled
on the fact that it was going to rain
that would be really bad odds
I actually 78 percent chance of rain and
not raining that's kind of in my opinion
that's kind of crazy well in it at
anyway it's actually kind of good
because I can utilize the evening in the
day a little bit better actually able to
walk them another by another mile so
we'll get a couple miles in today
keeping up with the exercise welcome to
the group there Dee did you see any
trash can because I picked up a drag
like come on guys
yeah I think I want to throw this trash
let's pool on them scurrying destroy the
pool on neither fun trashcan need to
invent something that makes the dogs
hold their own to them so I'm trying a
bunch of you guys asked earlier I think
was on Twitter or something about how to
do this and I'm actually the top of my
friend too so it's talking to my friend
Meg last night about how - oops I did it
wrong how to Jailbreak this fire stick
thing and always want doing this is
because I really like doing things like
this I don't know if you guys remember
back in the day I used to always do
videos about how to jailbreak the iPhone
you can't really do that anymore come on
this is so so simple but so confusing
like they go the wrong way I went the
wrong way
Oh Lord you know apparently it's so easy
but apparently Ikes on how to use it oh
I break it
yes I've broken I have a question for
you guys if you have any ideas or cool
things that I could do with a jailbroken
fire stick please let me know because
this is I think is all Android and
totally I'm so I'm so new to Android
stuff please help anything cool the
games or whatever to be completely
honest I don't know the point of
jailbreaking one of these
I literally in jailbreaking just because
I can like if I can jailbreak an Apple
TV which hopefully one day
maybe there actually is a deal break
I'll totally do it even though it's kind
of useless no I need to focus
I'm screwing this up I think I'm doing
it correctly well I guess I didn't screw
up as bad as I thought okay now what do
I do before I go to bed I'm going to
balances on my nose I've already done it
twice I feel like I'd do it again
but they're succeeding
ah
alright guys I will see you tomorrow
don't forget to subscribe alright I'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
