am I in focus probably not I cannot
floom floom on this camera so we were
just discussing or Justin brought up a
good point that it would be very good to
film like a post-apocalyptic movie on a
holiday because know what it's around
serious yeah everything's dark eerie I
keep saying here because I can't think
of another word for scary no girls who
got your press all right Zoey here you
go
got you a new collar so people don't
call you a boy anymore
a little badass collar well it's like oh
yes legit stockings oh yeah those we
could share those story we could share
them oh yeah this is so good she won't
even unwrapped it I'm good all right I'm
good
this is from mom and dad 2.00 a great
movie that I've never seen the greatest
we can watch it though is it like super
violent you don't like violence our Lee
is one with the squirrels you are one
with the squirrels oh my god I know Bob
anyone those funds man what is that from
guys it's a lock wait you just put
careful no no you push it down push it
down and close the blade but not with
your hands in the way preferably not
with your hands in the way especially if
you solve my old ones you got some
underwear there's some snazzy underwear
for Justin are you serious it's so good
you new pajamas you like your pajamas
covered head to toe in the same pattern
yeah that'd look good on you buddy's
like wait where'd you go where'd you go
so we are currently going
I said currently damn it okay wait okay
so we are going to my parents house to
go see them and Zoey Marly are enjoying
this yeah you having fun guys
wait let's let's film this really
quickly for all those of you up north
palm trees swaying in the sunlight yeah
breeze this is what our flow this is a
Florida Christmas right there you guys
jealous it's a balmy 65 bomb is 65
squirrels are playing Marley's trying to
get them through the window oh good boy
you not get everything overdue he's so
klutzy do you guys remember this look
kitty yeah I think he's in the vlogs
when they were a little bit better
little babies we got cheese this cat is
like 20 pounds this is the only dog
Marley submits to you know like at the
dog park where Marley's always the king
look at this
oh that's Tyson you got a new bone we
got this last year from Spain the little
peepee doll the greatest game of all
time that is the greatest game of all
time Genisys
oh my god I want to play it 1992 Frank
Thomas rookie starting lineup in
pristine pristine condition
look at that I have all these like
starting lineups actually Alex Rodriguez
freeze-frame do you guys remember these
do you guys remember when starting
lineups we're like so popular actually
right up here up in that box those boxes
four boxes full of them on VHS tape oh
my my mom's got like everything primal
rage this is when you could take the
Nintendo 64 make a Nintendo 68 do you
remember that autograph Frank Thomas
card and look at this case I meant some
serious business on this didn't I like
that serious business well it's Frank
Thomas who's my favorite baseball player
I'm trying to find my Alex Rodriguez
rookie cards I have all the Alex
Rodriguez rookie cards like every single
one but I don't know where they're at
and it's driving me crazy the case for
the rookie card for the outside Vegas
one it's like that thick it's ridiculous
that's so cute
oh hey mo sup mo geez
Marleen means business let me see your
shirt all right this is our very first
t-shirt and the reason why the monopoly
guy has a donut this was I was probably
in ninth or eighth grade my friend this
is not currently so my friend Ally
you've actually met him in the earlier
vlogs and my friend Ryan we're at
Walmart and they stole a doughnut like a
35 cent doughnut and they were arrested
for eating a 35 cent doughnut so we made
that t-shirt right there with a monopoly
guy and commemorate a commemorating the
fact that they were arrested in Walmart
frigging yeah it actually Brian had to
do like 30 hours of community service
for a 35 cent Oh mom you got a toilet
seat nothing screams love than a toilet
seat
on Mother's Day they got you some uggs
look at Wilson's raking it in and Danny
got our nice TV we're gonna try this
little experiment my mom read somewhere
I guess an email chain you can get this
flashlight right here for three bucks
from Lowe's or Walmart and if you pop
off the top of this battery it's a big
six fold right but if you pop it off
there's like ten double light brand-new
double-a batteries so you get like 10
batteries for three bucks so I'm gonna
actually see it's it's Christmas for
doesn't mean we can't be doing something
sciency we're gonna try to do it so I'm
gonna see if I can pop it off you ever
see that where you have the marshmallows
to feed game Bo they were knowing
Lawrence you have marshmallows to feed
their little monster because there's a
DVD player a blu-ray player I definitely
don't recommend doing this because I
don't even know if it works this is kind
of like a hit or miss but I'm gonna see
it looks like it just pops her it off oh
no guys I think this might be a fail I
don't think this is worth this is
definitely not worth the money you save
to get just go out and buy the batteries
moment of truth
looks like details oh those don't look
like what those are details yeah and
they don't look like reusable ones that
you can well we tried so I guess that
Internet myth that there's 10 double-a
batteries
doesn't look like it's true we're all
that food having fun
basically ali's pointing out the reason
why i say the crazy that i say it comes
from this lady right here such a good
game which one of you who are you
you're Diddy you're P Diddy Ward
June Cleaver look out old school that is
soon tie would you like some drinks
honey no I'm carving the turkey then I
go oh the boxes that too
how old is this like 30-something years
old and it still works this is why
things are meant to break because people
would buy things once and then be able
have to use it like the entire lifetime
don't tell everyone what hell he has
dude eventually this is called rum acute
rummy cube rummy cube and I'm on Ali's
team because they don't know how to play
I've never played this game mahjongg
rummy and mahjong and everyone's
sleeping
everybody's passed down pen cept for
comment
he keeps trying to give the ball to Ali
because I realize that she's asleep
Kobe oh jeez no you're snoring hi he's
done a job there Marley playing the game
of life you know it's basically knock
off and knock up your wife and then get
a mortgage the green with these like
little Escalades it's really good at
funny but you're not supposed to have a
wife you're supposed to just be yourself
aren't you
but but you only have one person there
now right oh yeah yes they should have
an updated version of life they really
should I'm a superstar making $30,000
but I own this pretty sweet house
because Marley she wants to harmonize
Justin's hidden talent that is so that
is one that's it that's a secret talent
though so did you have a good Christmas
yeah so hopefully you guys had a great
Christmas or Xmas or whatever like that
or if you didn't celebrate Christmas a
great Saturday happy Saturday yeah
that's a good blog oh yeah so hopefully
you guys have a great Christmas is I
don't even know if this is totally in
the way or not we were just a little bit
like this so I wanted to ask us what
your the best gift that you guys got
this year it doesn't have to be monetary
it could just be like you know I don't
know something special you got somebody
made for you or something but uh yeah I
guess we'll see see you tomorrow and
we'll we'll read a bunch of your
comments and we'll try to reply to as
many as possible as our Xmas gift to you
guys for being so awesome I don't feel
so good so my eyes been watering does it
look like I've been crying
it seriously been watering all day turn
and look at the characters like yeah
this is probably a really bad angle
anyway but uh uh I'll see you guys later
I'm gonna go dab my eye because it looks
like I'm crying again oh no it's totally
forgot if you guys missed our super
secret awesome Christmas Spectacular
message that we posted on our iPhone
channel you can check it out right here
check it out all right I'll see you guys
tomorrow enjoy
we wait
yes
giddy with y'all trippin
it would be an early don't forget
you
