there's lucky oh and she starts barking
watch zoe you're lucky oh lucky you do
she started barking before I like going
crazy looking all around the house you
know lucky we miss her very much we miss
lucky would you like an apple pie with
that would you like enough apart with
that where is a bell way for the bell
candy the bell where is the best thing
for the drug thing for the dong ding
buzzer done ding president I work at
Burger King making flavor whoppers I
will paper hat would you like an apple
pie walk out stop so two guests are done
again today is Christmas Eve or as you
hardcore people call it xmas eve or even
you know really hardcore XX xmas eve but
we won't get into that right now while
we're actually on the subject odds it's
anyone know why they say Xmas Eve for
Christmas Eve like it's like it's like
an abbreviation do you guys know no idea
so I was hoping you guys might know yeah
so I'm gonna blow somebody's angry do
you hear that or your willingness of
doing this in front of the computer
screen has helped me a little bit I feel
a little bit better do I sound just as
bad I don't think I do I think I sound a
little bit better Ally still sounds
pretty bad she's still pretty sick so
thank you for the spirit fingers to the
computer
are you hungry
staring contest go die one staring
contest go oh I want to get
Richard small even on Christmas Eve
we're gonna get the hoodies out yeah
we're really trying to get this before
we give you four new years so we're
we're working frantically around the
clock even on New Year's and Christmas
and way it's not yours Christmas Eve so
everyone make sure to say thank you to
ally in the comments she's seriously
refusing to take a break she said she
really wants to get these out to you
guys as soon as possible so really she's
so dedicated to you guys so I just want
to say thank you to her for helping so
just yeah if you can take a moment the
comments to say thanks Ali you rock and
then just high-five the screen and
she'll do it later and then it'll be
cool we just basically moved everything
down here oh god I gotta go oh god it's
coby here hey goby yep and that goes
Marley ah summer right here oh we're
about the decorate we're gonna have a
contest sticker ating I think we did
this last year we're gonna see using the
wind my mom and Melissa are you here and
then we got this guy you guys know him
are we gonna make you don't know siding
holy Lord I'm being whoring boring nice
about right here it's a bow that's a bow
that little tiny things a bow got it
wait that's your minimalist one right
there yeah don't hit on it so much more
hipster than you oh my god I never told
that joke what's yo Joe how many
hipsters does it take to change a
lightbulb I don't know it's this really
obscure number you probably gonna be the
spiciest cookie ever spicy you can't you
can't have any deal look at you showing
up everybody again with the cookies
first it was a gingerbread and now
you're going with the cookies punk
that's all I did I don't know what this
is wanted to be a UH gourmet chef no
I want to do like cake decorating oh you
should still do that that's mine I don't
know what it is you guys can name it
going with the traditional everyone
loves sprinkles everyone loves sprinkles
never creative but delicious still
whatever was wrong I mean that was
looking that's a creepy-ass Anna hey
guys I had way too much eggnog yes this
is a Rudolph was actually a girl and
Santa and Rudolph at a baby that doesn't
look comfortable just like what are you
making bub I'm thinking it's gonna be a
candy cane I'm making my tummy happy
you're not supposed to be eating the
hooks oh I bailed my Christmas trees
sort of working I got I got a smooth it
out a little bit what is this well
that's a good candy k mom that's a
really good one delicious swirl there we
go little Christmas tree oh its gonna
break its gonna break its gonna be all
about some method so unique and awesome
lost it there we go it was an awesome
cookie I call it Orion's belt there
three red hot but could we really have
their just one piece Oh guys they're
gonna be the one Marley's like whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa hang on see two heads and
two tails wagging yes I call this one
the Mitchell Davis oh my god live love
live all right we're gonna let you guys
decide Ali have to pick the one of your
cookies to go ahead ahead to me okay
which one you're gonna use oh the middle
okay if you're gonna do that one I'm
gonna go with the Mitchell Davis Oh
internet says Ali's minimalist approach
when or does my Mitchell Davis triangle
or it could be weezer's Pinkerton
whatever you want to interpret it okay
well no just respect to Mitchell Davis
but if it's Pinkerton is better though I
know so internet decided the comments
does Ali win or do I win
it's totally me it's totally me you
Santa though that one's so much so much
better how about it yes yes it was
pretty it's like stone Santa Claus no
it's drunk okay what about Melissa Santa
Claus oh the boat all right look at this
I want to show you that both I was just
showing what is he called it was uh in
uh yes I think it's the one with a job
of the height is Jabba the Hutt's
dungeon yeah so like the monster see if
you guys know what it's called the
monster and the job of the hut star wars
with the dungeon monster that eats
everything look at tysons face and see
if it looks just like it okay look at
does that not look like that monster you
guys probably totally got it now he
grabbed it from me that what I get does
that want to get buddy look at this you
put up on his back he falls asleep right
let go let go yeah there he goes you're
so funny like an alligator I put him
back on his back and he fell asleep
again it's so fun Ali look at him yeah
seriously it's just out he passes out
now his eyes are closed wake up Tyson
that what oh what Oh sleeping you turn
your friend Oh catches goods back yeah
she'll like you eventually Zoe one of
these days this is YouTube's uh Santa's
workshop we got we got an elf I'm an elf
we got we got Rudolph over here with the
little red nose and then another elf
we're get hard guys ready for Santa
Claus yeah did you turn the lights on
yeah yeah liner you can tell she really
likes Christmas yeah so um we're feeling
a little bit better but we'll see you
guys Christmas morning no please take a
night Mary grandma you are insane to
there is you I love Christmas hey mutt
Marley say good night I hope you guys
had a great christmas eve and we will
see you on Christmas Day why you keep
following me Zoe good night guys
hardly wait
when
we're CTFxC
giddy with y'all trippin
where
sexy
Wes with Trippi and Harry don't forget
to eat
you
