no you can that has that playing with
some balls some peanut butter balls that
Marley has been wanting to eat those
things it smells like peanut butter I
mean that's all it is right peanut
butter a little assembly line right by
the way we're still totally sick how are
you feeling totes are you tote sick
little you have a little paper towel
diaper yeah the the UPS guy is
delivering some merch here since we're
down here for two weeks so we got like
24 boxes coming in here I know what
we're doing for Christmas yeah yeah this
is this isn't abnormal today's pretty
much last day we can do any sort of
shopping so I'm going to run the best
buy really quickly and get a couple
movies cuz everyone loves movies and
then actually today in a couple hours I
just talked to Travis and a we the kings
were playing a hometown show here in
Bradenton and he asked if I could come
film it and all that stuff so just like
I did a couple years ago if he didn't
see that I filmed them i guess it was
two years ago to youtube.com / Charles
Trippy i'll put a link about some bar
you can watch the video I I ended it
directed filmed edited again so we're
going to go do that and that's gonna be
really fun because I haven't seen him
play live in a couple years this wasn't
a good idea every year I have this like
tradition where I get the dogs a new
collar because they hit the pink ones
and every time they always look like
crap
I probably smarter roles and stuff so I
always forget the length to do you think
i should get Zoey a spiked one or is
that gonna look too scary I think we're
just going to keep with the standard and
then keep Marley with the bitch collar
she basically make them look like a
hard-ass all the time that's why we give
her this one oh my god i want to get out
of here so bad believe me oh it's so
stressful luckily ally and i decided to
hold on I got I got a pause this I gotta
sneeze hey I'm considerate luckily Ali
and I decided to call a truce this year
basically give each other the same gift
of going to New York City for thai New
York City for New Year's for The Times
Square that's gonna be her gift and then
that's my gift from her so that we were
plated smart this year yeah so that
should I take a little bit of a stress
off I need to I need to stop blogging
because I'm going to seriously go punch
I'm gonna punch a grandma the face the
second yeah I'm gonna go do that hold on
consider it done don't worry it wasn't
one of those sweet old you know loving
grandmas it was one that was just
yelling at another person now not a nice
grandma a very very angry Graham shame
on you grandma a lot of people can
actually we are let me hold on
we the kings feel bad i'm shaking you're
feeling cold excited my mom has never
seen them live so she was very excited
it's going to be great time somebody
clean little big town I'm a big fan
chillin I really can't hold the camera
stores I'm shaking so badly I'm so cold
right now Charles is working really hard
this is actually really cool looking
with the light behind them Charles come
stand right here filming via hold on I
know but look at this put your big head
right there let me worry it's a lunar
eclipse a lunar eclipse but in five
minutes instead of five hours all right
so what's going on is they have to
separate so it doesn't take too long for
them to all be agree so we're finding
their spots danny is currently hiding
hey filming yeah i'm filming just assume
if you see this it's it's film don't
wanna strike apparently the singer from
valencia it's going to be doing an
acoustic set no way awesome got all
these crazy lens flares that look like
crap on this camera oh you don't look
like crap on this camera look at me i'm
charles trippy and i'm 70 I have an eye
over seven years of a sudden
what are you doing here at the hall hey
excited that you're vlogging like the
Charles and Danny talking tech over here
we're getting all nerd it up yeah you
guys are kicking out every year camera
filming right there i got the saloon it
shoots in 15-30 I 15-30 I don't worry
about pretty packed venue for a hometown
show is really cool I want that boom
look at that crane I totally want that
crane put my camera up there with that
let's see what they're playing tonight I
guess they're shooting a DVD so if you
didn't know that that's the set list
look at the concentration and this as I
said that the concentration is totally
broken take your camera
look at what the real backstage is like
this was the best thing its exact age
I've never wondered what is backstage of
a rock show beer no it's Santa Claus
Santa Claus is always backstage wait are
you nervous tell everybody are you
really so this is like the most sober up
in first show being sober
it's good nerves all right are you next
I think it's like after a long time you
nervous
so excited she's about to pee your pants
such a fangirl you like this cell phone
like I have going on here no wait this
is the scary part product or not what
it is so creepy undergone deduction I
love it that's great but you know it
works if I'm surrounded by black light
at all times I'm not neva that I have
ever faced I see mother fucking cry I've
seen mother fucker tower and I see a
face a motherfucker who takes a whole
lot of shit from everybody let's get
drunk
you
you
me
ah
you are
Oh
Oh
Wow
hey
Oh
i appealing
you
what hey you ready hey do you miss me
what are you staring at hey Zoey there
is no laser no there's no laser so quick
those food what's that from kitchen what
are you doing psycho cat all right so I
guess we're going to start doing this so
I guess I got to continue this on
tomorrow's vlog because it's what do you
wanna clock but yeah so I hope you guys
like the way the King show it's always
fun to see those guys you know growing
up with them and it's really cool to see
them being so successful and it's
actually actually really cool as I said
actually denied but no it's actually
really cool to see that there's so many
seek EFX years that are we the kings
fans and somebody were the Kings fans
that are CTFxC r so it's kind of cool
growing up with these people we went
separate ways but we're kind of because
of you guys were like back together so
that's really cool we actually met a
bunch of CTFxC i have to show so if i
met you and took some photos with you hi
sorry we didn't get to put you on the
blog was so dark but i'll see you guys
see you tomorrow and hopefully will feel
a little better keep doing this the
screen and maybe I think it's helping I
think it's actually working so I'll see
you guys tomorrow
see what you did today
you hardly wait
hey where's meet me at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin now
we're TV
swifty an alley don't forget toy Marley
you
