I got guess who's sick now too this guy
i bought this open yesterday when i was
doing that long 13-hour drive I every
time I get sick I always do this um like
I know I'm gonna get sick because I I
sneezed and there's a certain way sneeze
afterwards is like this like rush that
goes through my head every single time
the day after I'm sick and I got it when
we were doing the live show I like
sneezed and I was like oh no and sure
enough so I'm just like donning bunch of
vitamin C odo delicious and hopefully I
can beat this for oh well just cut me
stupid I'm always getting hurt look
randomized into anyway that was that
cool like I'm losing it I'm totally
losing right now hopefully I'm gonna get
better before we go to New York City
because i was on a cold and get get more
of a cold so no no but today today is a
lien eyes two-year anniversary and she's
sick too so we're both sticks she's
currently sleeping now just try to sleep
it off happy anniversary we're sick so
that could be our anniversary gift from
you guys just to wish us to feel better
because maybe you guys can will it you
can just go like this just go like this
at the computer screen and just go get
better maybe it'll work I don't know
talk too long there we go you doing the
makeup Marley you doing your makeup hate
you touch any guesses to where I am
right now back in the car we're going to
tampa just where i was
good idea I shouldn't probably yelling I
gotta go to Tampa hey this is what job
several people don't like um we're going
ikea we got Justin back there and uh
we're gonna go get some presents we're
gonna go we're gonna get money just the
Sweden people I don't think I didn't
think I was doing that to him if I was
dude dude did i do to go to there hey
you want to go to there I call this the
America room
yeah let's get CNN on there look my
anniversary gift yes white room how many
times have we been here during the vlogs
anyway I feel like we've been here like
about a million one times what ouchies
this oh good little Christmas tree
actually this is my favorite room that
all that is cool-looking feel like we've
been here so many times we practically
live here this is the best part of ikea
though the books books in the movies
everything everything's Swiss
let's just look how random everything is
hanger soccer balls candle towel that
double hinge quadruped a hinge
ready go every five minutes I was like
oh I want to walk yo status city walk I
love would you like should you walk I
like shitty one
you're fifteen dollars
now let me do it
Allie totally gave me her cold and now I
have a goal I've been like it's one of
those sinus ones so my eyes have been
like this the whole time I basically but
having the Jim Breuer effect and uh yeah
I'm not high man does it all my photos
when I was younger I always look like
this and in high school because my last
name is trippy everyone thought I was
high all the time just because my last
name just probably like you everyone
thought you were probably high cuz your
last name no just my friends were
assholes I guess not only is it our
anniversary alright wouldn't be our by
you know anniversary right now to your
my anniversary where we have other two
year anniversary Centennial likes every
hundred years this tues 200 years right
shut up the medicine it's the medicine I
don't know what I'm talking about but
it's also justin and Ali's friend Yuki
you guys remember Yuki he was the the
awesome japanese kid from hawaii and he
was rapping wasn't he in one of the
videos Justin did like a cappella cover
of that
yeah whatever the hell song it is an
official Sean oh I think it was it
actually i think that was almost a year
ago that was when we did the person
behind chubby bunny run into us cuz
they're picking their nose oh how they
are what's cool look at him oh don't
like it they are picking their nose you
know what's all figure nose make me feel
better the king house there we go Justin
you picking your nose everyone yeah it's
okay to pick your nose so that cop is
totally playing games with ally right
now and you're listening to extreme gee
I think we have with eight minutes
before he gets here so hopefully it's
not actually early fancy Idaho watch out
oh wait Yuki turns 21 oh boy that's a
party oh yeah boom yes thanks apparently
we beat everyone is it hot i really want
to touch it I feel like this puts the
Bioshock again is bioshock i'm AA
biggest one
Thank you Thank listen warm oh this is
fancy my you sure a warm where we going
up contain for actually towel hello
everyone hello Oh grasses situation I
guess what was it yeah when we're all he
said that we'd had too much he had too
much coke he meant the drink okay why is
an addiction our diet coke or coke
appreciation appreciation yes no I think
I production find palette okay is that
what it is so and very fine taste in
clothing she's a felon and he had too
much coke was because he had too much
coca-cola which did at one point have
that you okay all right no we know it
was not referencing the traffic okay
don't you don't you get it don't you
kids two kids drugs hi you look so cute
down there are you gonna cook for us
that is Adam's car Corey's delicious i
will give you ten dollars of youth that
glob wasabi oh no double
that is a massive flame big kisses in
the air Oh engine all right this on
let's go poopies you one more chance
because of date it's like real-life
fruit ninja okay yeah cut this stuff is
a cool little bunnies don't want to eat
them
I mean and that one isn't happy right no
yeah we can actually come on bitch come
on honey come on you were taking forever
automobiles go both ways oh oh oh my god
face all right now I feel bad you took
the fun out of it it's not as funny cuz
you're not fluffy Jessie guys no there's
no he really does make noise when you
move it around that's funny you're gonna
rip your shirt
the Georgian either now he's being the
star wars kid you know like that like
the bank uh you will perish no way I
can't turn it on all your hands your
cans gone now it's cut Hannah no you're
good you're on my team you're dead now I
beat everyone except Wyatt he has to
document it oh don't worry too much coke
over there doing way too much coke sees
currently doing a lot of it right now
dude I'm fucking Oh totally God yeah the
Twilight I ya twat so did you ever
wonder how to nerds celebrate the second
anniversary together did you answer have
an epic lightsaber battle to the death
if not well you should go check it out
on our cell phone channel Ali and I have
you know we had a battle and she sent
you one I say i won I want you guys to
go check it out and just tell her i won
so thank you guys for such an awesome
day I will see you tomorrow Ali's
already passed out i'm gonna take some
nyquil and hopefully i won't sound like
I can't breathe out of my nose which i
can so i will see you guys tomorrow
enjoy the bonus video and go tell her i
won because I totally did see you guys
wait
that's cute
where's epsxe
with y'all tripping
yes like see
pet photography
don't forget so anymore
I
