hey guys good morning so we are up early
and we are trying to capture the winter
solstice lunar eclipse oh you're taking
photos Alex having a ball you came to
see her why are we done whoa look at the
moon how the hell did you get that that
is awesome good night moon that is crazy
this lens is awesome you barely see it
whoa dude I could see a Martian I get
the crater is so cool it is now time for
the lunar eclipse of the heart and I
just want to show you guys how crazy
this is how much is moving we have the
camera taking photos every what is it
every five seconds every five seconds i
just want to show you okay hold on see
if you can see it moving see it moving
every five seconds the moon's moving
that much well you know what i want to
think that's pretty free that's all
that's crazy how fast that thing is
moving or we're moving around it and you
guys just imagine like we were just
talking about like can you imagine being
like some sort of culture and not really
knowing what the heck is going on like
the moon is covered right like that's
that's your life form and if you have
nose like scientifically knowledge that
is gonna be like mind-blowing you want
NASA do you want to send me to space
that'd be pretty sweet I'll talk I'll
gladly be the first youtuber in space I
gotta go blind from looking at this cuz
like I seriously I can't stop looking
this is so cool the earth is moving that
quickly this is insane
I get it turn into a werewolf are you
gonna turn into a werewolf where's
Marley so this is the current rig that
we're using to take all these photos and
hopefully this is gonna work out if not
resort to NASA footage are you gonna
turn into a sassy werewolf huh she's
already being sassy so I completely
apologize guys if i did not get out like
you know it's really hard to you know
it's kind of it's kind of hard to
capture the moon but if this is all you
can totally see it now but yeah if this
is kind of all over the place and stuff
luckily NASA is recording this and it's
all public domain so I'll be able to cut
to some of that um but I I really hope
you guys enjoy this oh wow it starting
to turn red that's crazy feel like the
Mayans well no actually I shouldn't feel
like my hands they went crazy didn't
they check it out your see your see
anyway huh I got it yes si eres a lunar
eclipse got building blocks of an
eclipse oh you got peaches shisha meat
and guacamole got yes hearth you got de
lune the lunar the moon and you got this
is a solar body yikes d rule check it
yeah 400 years ago um was the last time
a lunar eclipse happened during the on
the exact day the winter song yes yeah
so it was 372 370 years ago I was just a
wee baby challenge 372 years you just
use found out Lauren's a here that's a
good year so just imagine like we in the
1600s seeing this this is pretty crazy
1638 it was a good year for the for the
USA before with the USA Allie's
currently infatuated and taking photos
right now I'm gonna
sure to try to put all the photos at
least on our facebook group so make sure
you're on our facebook com / Charles
would befriend core make sure to friend
us and you can see all these photos
we're going to try to upload them all
we'll put a link up there and you can
check out all these actually a lot of
these came out really good this one is
unbelievable this one is what you don't
you can't see it until you're on
Facebook group no actually legitimately
it's really cool
hey guys look it's it's it's daytime now
so yeah before I tell you where I'm
going now I just want to dress the whole
lunar eclipse awesome let's just I want
to talk to you really quickly about how
awesome and scary that would be just
imagine being like the Mayans wasn't
that the Mayans like they would
sacrifice people until the lunar eclipse
and then they would think that the gods
were full when the moon was red like
that I mean that's that's insane like
nowadays but I mean back then like was
it really that insane to believe that
there was a god and then the moon would
turn red I don't know I don't know I
just want to know what you guys thought
you got to see it did you guys get to
see it i wanna i want to apologize about
the whole jumping of the time lapse
other reason is because you know there
was around the Sun and it was really
hard to keep it pinpoint and like center
and zoomed in so a lot of you guys were
saying that you couldn't see it because
of either snow or rain in your region or
if you weren't even the United States I
don't think you got to see it so i hope
i hope that was a good enough but it was
definitely worth staying up all night so
do you guys remember about a year ago
almost exactly mama without our
anniversary but about the 23rd i had to
go to Tallahassee because we forgot
something typical and I got a ticket do
you guys remember like was it the 23rd
when I got the ticket like going back to
town Tallahassee just before Christmas
wow I just talked for a really long time
hopefully you didn't skip through all
that although I would have been like it
yeah banana ah so this is when i wake up
to miley sunning herself on the patio on
the Shea's lounge no less good morning
of show my face but I am disgusting
right now you can hear to my voice I've
I don't know what what happened the past
couple days but mommy does not feel good
you are just loving this attention look
at that tail not
I want to do is y'all oh my goodness am
I totally missing something good gasps
go up a huge amount i am going to try
take number two heading to the brandon
mall to see if we can see if our shirts
are there we tried to do it before the
hockey game but the traffic was crazy
and sure enough on a tuesday early
afternoon it's still pretty good i
figure every would be working i don't
know i don't think i want to do this
because we have like nine hours of
driving well guys it looks like they do
have it that's so cool they have a few
in stock too so is it lame that I'm
gonna buy my own t-shirt want to buy
them all so yeah if you're in the
Florida area are the Tampa area come to
Brandon I guess they have a couple left
so I'm totally gonna buy my own t-shirt
that's so cool okay get over how awesome
it is Oh Harley how you know what am I
wrong for you person but I have to fill
me no don't fill me enjoy one zombie
alley look at me look hi Marley oh but
we're filming Miley she's sitting on a
couch like that one cat was like sitting
all hunched over hi yeah there's her
belly like Wyatt money my turn about is
fair play dance dance thank you I only
fair Oh sick or not it's a no no Charles
always does that to me what's not fair
that will totally go down in my little
history but my personal history book is
the wall surreal one of the most surreal
things that I've ever done see I just
bought it is this lame like okay tell me
if this is lame I I'd not probably gotta
wear this shirt I just really wanted it
to have all the you know the hot topic
stuff on there so you know it's like one
of those things where I can you know
just be proud of and
show show my my future kids and things
like that I don't know it's just it's
really cool it's really nice shirt
actually they printed a really nice
material one last time guys one last
time just one of they thank you this
would definitely not be possible without
you guys being as hardcore as persistent
as you guys are and hopefully these will
be in the rest of the hot topics by mid
to late January so again thank you thank
you thank you thank you I'll stop
talking about it now I promise well this
is a total cluster f this is hands-down
the stupidest design ever for a mall
Brandon town center you totally failed
when designing your parking lot this is
like awful it's so bad there's like
there's really only two ways to get out
of this mall and there's probably a good
I don't know 50,000 people maybe a
hundred million maybe even two million
what what did I just do a u-turn if
possible I just went in circles I was
right there I was right there and it
just made me go all the way around and
now I have to do a stupid you turn this
is gonna be a long day I totally out I
by the way guys I'm currently I'm
talking the two people I'm doing a live
show again and I'm doing the vlog right
now but um I just finally got out of
that stupid mall and I decided to do
another live show so again if you're a
part of the facebook group you got the
notification and there's about 1,200
people in here I just saying hi and
keeping me keeping me entertained so
it's gonna be a long trip it's where in
tampa this is actually where i used to
live and
yeah so we have like four and a half
hours it's gonna be fun hi guys i just
ordered a chicken sangwich from the
sketchiest mcdonald's I've ever seen in
my life r is yell at all except another
pajamas this time and it's not like 4am
it's not black friday currently shopping
I said currently oh my god i said i'm
doing the Charles Trippy currently
belongs oh okay so we're gonna get my
brother some Christian friends hopefully
looking for some clothing for him okay
one of the first things I picked out in
j crew was a pink pinstripe collared
shirt button-down and then the second
thing I hotel is a brown v-neck sweater
and I realized shortly thereafter that I
literally just picked my brother my
outfit that I'm wearing right now really
not for me I just boobs do that there's
boobs stick straight out with that I
wasn't supposed to be like huge like
that the only thing on my side i get to
hurry up let's say look at all the ones
that we have to choose from negative
Megaman come on it's working right now
is that that one well I made it home and
now it's time to pack up some of the
merch so I can bring it back down there
and ship that out and most importantly
my warm jacket which is oh look at that
my warm jacket right there in my hoodie
great words not supposed to be look up
hardcore the moon is again tonight
it is now 8 20 at night pretty much been
on the road for eight and a half hours
but I got all this stuff packed up so we
can hopefully get that taken care of and
then hopefully it won't be too late
maybe I can go out do something
otherwise want to celebrate tomorrow but
you know it's pretty crazy today
celebrates our 600 vid blogs this is the
six hundredth day of filming ourselves
every single day we're totally we're
totes guys we're totes coming up on our
two year actually you know let's do this
how long like what day do you guys
remember what day you started watching
these daily videos because I know a lot
of you guys were subscribed to me on my
Charles Trippy channel when I first
announced this entire project but
curious to see like tell me where um you
heard of us and then what day you
started watching cuz it's always fun to
see you know where the new people the
new CTFxC use are from look I gotta use
my gold doubloons to get some coffee
this is like the coolest currency ever
Zoe what did you not tell her to stop
doing and what are you doing cowering in
the corner what is this oh goodness who
did did you do this yeah Shay did you do
this I got her feet just for him this is
a no no she's crying you here look um
guys I really didn't mean it oh my god
so I I made it back alive i left around
12 noon it is now twelve thirty in the
morning i want to thank everyone in the
blog TV show thank you guys for keeping
me entertained for twelve and a half
hours yeah all right time to go outside
and lay down my butt hurts I
okay well there's no happy there daddy I
don't know how over this movie what
we're listening that's really laughable
watching it really loud movies like a we
heart it came watch
wait
we r CC at texty
giddy with trust raphy
Lexi
yes with chakra finale
don't forget so anymore
you
