that's time to sit back and you the
coolest couple there is on YouTube can't
wait to see what they did two day it's
coming up but I can hardly wait the I'll
stop I'll let the pros do this good
morning i'm currently at a store i'm
gonna remember it the other day i guess
it was about a week or two ago we tried
to do the whole balloon popping at 60
frames per second and we also try to do
underwater at 60 frames per second it's
a daytime and it's a perfect time to do
it so i'm going to do that now instead
of christmas shopping because i went to
look at a couple stores and yeah yeah
it's pretty bad and I really you know
there's something about not wanting to
get in a fight with a grandparent as
they're buying you know presents for the
grandchildren I'll pass on that so why
don't why are we pop balloons into water
okay balloons where's the balloons oh we
should get a little Christmas ornament
there we go get some party balloons it's
a difference all right I think we fall
on the age limit oh these things smell
awful I do I keep smelling them have you
ever noticed that like when you have
like a bad smell you're like oh dude you
gotta smell this is such a bad smell and
your friend actually smells it like dude
this smells like shit smell it oh it
smells like shit so we got we got some
string we got some balloons oh and
because Ali last night when I was
putting up the lights you got a cold I
guess so it'd be funny I got her some
sweet fish cuz everyone loves sweet fish
but you know I don't know why I really
want to do this but I think it comes to
the fascination that I just love
mythbusters and i really want to see
what this looks like do you think this
is actually gonna be successful like do
you think when we pop it underwater it's
gonna have like the shape of the balloon
underwater or do you think it's just
going to be a complete bust no pun
intended bust Hydra cetera boy never had
a red boy really like rebel rebel rebel
rebel I love that movie you guys know
that movie hint it was one of the first
movies ally and I ever went to
really dude its water reflection can you
use that brain to blow up some balloons
for me about you could you balancing I
have to remember how I did that whole on
rig with the weight system and
everything and I'm hoping it looks like
this is gonna be bright enough when we
had the Sun right there so I'm really
this really smells so bad it's not know
believe me smell it get a lounge I just
loud right there fine go I then I'll
need your help but have you ever noticed
that the glow of love Lou it's never
really a manly thing you can you like
basically you can never look smooth
especially I pink one all right i'm
going to try really hard not to make a
blue ball joke right now and i expect
you guys to be more mature than that
geez internet be more mature there we go
there we go test number 1 i've already
screwed up a couple times i guess there
was too much air and these and this
one's about the pop okay yeah there's
there's a real science to this guy's
there's a real science all right
well that was that was something
Mythbusters would be jealous of those
that was pretty fun alpha yeah this is
the carnage actually these balloons were
holding up how much weight is this 13
pounds though 18 pounds balloons are
strong all right yeah we good a lot of
balloons jeez i am in which is our hands
jamaican mom mexican do i don't know why
we call it that but it's okay don't
think those little i think mexican about
it what are you doing are you picking my
hands okay so this is what i was going
to show you guys this orange is
chocolate orange thing my mom has never
had them before so i'm going to show her
how it's done you gotta hit it against
the counter of death whacking and
unwrapping ready yeah check it out now
broken the little slivers and you can
chemin de look like orange pieces no
need to wag your tail you're not getting
any uh-oh werewolf that moon is huge man
that actually turned out cooler than I
thought it would I want to say thank you
to whoever in the comments and all the
people have thumbs up the person's
comment for suggesting popping it
underwater like that the balloon that
was it was really cool guess what ever
got in Tallahassee let's play a game
actually was turn this into a game let's
play guess what Charles forgot in
Tallahassee I'll give you five seconds
to put your guesses and comments and
chief no one gets it okay five four
three put your guess down there 21 all
right if you guessed my my winter
jackets my leather jacket a clever
jacket I would never wear a leather
jacket but if you guess my fake leather
jacket with hoodie you are correct sir
and you deserve thumbs up that's totally
something I would do and I did that I'm
going to New York City I'm possibly some
of the coldest days ever to be outside
on New Year's and I ever got
my warmest jacket ooh I got a brave it
guys I got a brave it when I was
cleaning up everything um Zoe was in
there pawing at the glass glass window
and then running to her bowl and then
pulling back of the thing apparently
she's out of food so I have to go run
and try to yeah I'm gonna fight a
grandma I'm probably gonna get in a
fight with a grandma this vlog isn't up
this because I got in a fight with a
grandma where's Zoe you love it so much
I wouldn't do this to you if you didn't
love it so much remember how I was
saying that the moon looked really
really super big today and I made a
really bad Twilight joke well apparently
there's going to be in eclipse a lunar
eclipse I guess this one that only comes
the darn go winter solstice once in
three hundred seventy seventy eight or
79 years so this could be like a
once-in-a-lifetime thing so I'm going to
the store right now to see if I can find
a awesome lens so I could record this
for you because I figure you know if
this is going to be like a once in every
3 lifetime 176 is to remember and
definitely wanna film this so acute some
more cheesy Twilight jokes twilight
eclipse CTFxC
already so I just was reading about the
Eclipse and apparently that little
doohickey is going to take about two
hours so I'm actually going to go to bed
now and get some sort of some sort of
sleep because tomorrow morning we're
also having to drive Tallahassee so
tomorrow you I promise I promise we'll
film this Eclipse and you'll see in
tomorrow's vlog how you feeling by the
way still sick yeah yeah you know
tomorrow is it's our anniversary too
well 21st 22nd 21st 22nd we have a two
day anniversary yeah so actually you
know two years with you oh my god
imagine ol lifetime would ask oh no
how's Zoe poops in the background so
romantic but uh yeah we're gonna get
some sleep now because is we have to be
up all night doing the time lapse I know
gonna be nice um the new lens i tested a
new the new lens it is going to look
awesome so love you so i guess i will
see you tomorrow I don't know I'm doing
the myspace why am i doing the myspace
blog hey guys you know I like you know
first last and I like all the emo stuff
and I like swoops on my hair what what
more lights why are you gonna put my cat
Marley oh that's right you guys didn't
see you guys didn't see our photo we
took here I'll end tonight honor our
Christmas photo our holiday photo since
Ali's family's Jewish so well your mom's
Jewish your mother's Jewish still part
of your family so I will see you guys
tomorrow I keep saying that over and
Owen good nights
and here is our epic holiday photo
your army wait
a worthy psst
giddy withdrawal trippy
where's with trust raphy and Ally
you
