good morning guys so I just want to show
you something really quick this was like
the number-one thumbs up comment and our
project for awesome video it's really
cute and somebody pointed out that if
you look on so his right side of her
face hurt where the tan part is it
actually forms a heart Sarge my show to
you see see the heart right on her face
I've had Zoe for five years and I've
never noticed that so I just want to say
thank you guys for pointing that out in
that video and I'll always see that
little cute little hard on her face
lover not a fighter yeah you can't
really see it now she loves lasers
though maybe that's what it is it
represents her love for lasers it's just
one little tail a little tail stub daddy
wait this is Charles did okay i love it
yeah christmas shopping it is packed if
your Christmas shopping right now I'd
kill your pain relative mom's your
favorite let's go buy my mom a huge
sausage I think my mom needs a giant
sausage a summer sausage c is for cookie
it's good you know for me OMG
somehow it
okay my phone did you think we have a
droid eris don't have one it's terrible
I Jordan ever right in front of the
right and store no we should do that now
so much
don't really care about it's also
totally hours to do like that there's no
way Charl should we compare your heads
in size of Edwards oh by the way i
should say this
it was savvy shirt they're going on
sobbing shirt we just had a bet between
Ali's mom myself was one and I just
talked to gain send I'm just and he said
in fact that is me so I owe them a
dollar this is gonna be really done too
old for this hey wait stand next to so
there's a comparison so I'm gonna have
to be about there p yeah that's good do
you feel like a giant there's a lot of
lights that looks awesome did a really
good job oh it's a robot santa a check
of robot santa well it's moving trains
yeah oh my guys man what is opening and
closing you is this watch it what oh my
god it is a little love it what is
inside as hardcore we are going to
attempt the impossible we are going to
try not really impossible we're going to
put some more Christmas lights on the
house here an Ally's parents house
because there's only this one strand
right here and Ally he's got the little
holiday bug the Christmas Hanukkah
Kwanzaa bug yeah you want to put more on
okay
yep that's some rapping skills there
really it's done
oh my god just got real
if you come back down that book answer
that's problematic here I'll so Rebecca
is
yeah no I'm just going to go like that
double that's why it's really bright
that's hot it's a prettier
written it up
each other
Valley the monkey by the way no one can
help Ali because when we do she kicks us
out of the tree so that's why I'm down
here on the ground to catch you when you
fall to catch it on video you mean yes
feel like I'm in the twilight movie
right now I'm going through all the tree
branches oh that looks very sweet cuse
corny cheesy music
yeah that was pretty cheesy but it
looked pretty sweet do you have any
advice for people putting up Christmas
lights this year wait Lauren why aren't
you doing this
now I kind of like this no stinkin
ladder it's really funny through the
camera lens is even funnier legate damn
kids turn down the music oh man that's a
lot of Christmas lights they look like a
little like like sea mines don't they I
guess submarine mine
you're going around a little maple
you're gonna be so dizzy
you're right what are you drunk well it
looks good ready 1 Jake Jake Jake Jake
Jake much there's spastic a lot of
people wonder why we tell them to dig
main reason it's effing hilarious no I'm
just not on the dog dig that's totally
normal thing for a dog to do I don't I
don't get it either i think it's
hilarious with dog digs that never gets
old today get him on get him on get him
Harlee what is it do out okay dirt
everywhere great I know she's kicking
all over me though who don't litter in
the house Miley JJJ she's a delicate
digger yeah oh you sniffing the light
face out of their skin know get your
face out here oh she would totally find
that next time oh it's like the seashell
vote you guys remember when she found a
little seashell or the crab or whatever
it was she actually find it she got to
it oh he's it yeah this is just like
when she was at the beach you guys
remember when she found that rock in the
ocean and she kept going for it she's
eating something
hey Ali and I wanted to do a really
awesome Christmas card this year we're
gonna all get like argyle like even the
dogs but we didn't have time so we just
thought of a really funny like Christmas
Happy Holidays like I like to do that
old commercial Chris Chris Chris happy
chrismahanukwanzakah anyway so we're
going to wrap myself we're gonna wrap
ally in the dogs and a little bit of
Christmas lights and take a photo hot
cocoa is like a cocoa mix hot chocolate
is when you melt shavings of chocolate
in ha no turn it up still pondering the
math I already bought load of vanilla
I'm just a tip wow what you're messy
that a bash more chocolate no no no my
god be very careful so far we have to be
a little bit here no a lot careful do
you want to funnel
oh snap got peppermint sticks
marshmallows and whipped cream and cha
chaan I'm excited it's really fun like I
love the little stuff like that like
little kits you can buy at the store
that like tell you how to make these
fantastic things you could totally buy
in a package but there was so much
better when you make them brush like
this give any holiday traditions wee bit
cookies every every Christmas Eve and
that's kind of kind of our thing we have
a contest so you can decorate the
funniest one first sandesh in north
andover Santa that was so close oh where
did it go o.o your mouth I wasn't even
close I like an idiot catch it oh that
was convened no I'm so good like this
without internet make fun of her throat
girl feeling like a girl actually that's
insulting to girls what's cool it's cold
her up in pedo dudettes come on hurry up
boy it's time to go to bed hope you guys
enjoyed the video actually you know what
I just want to know um just so I feel
better about myself um how many have not
done their Christmas shopping please
tell me I'm not the only one it's just
every time I go to the mall it's I
completely packed like yesterday we were
supposed to be for the hockey game we
were supposed to go to the brandon mall
could i heard they have our shirt Oh
Miley you're tripping me and get it trip
trippy right hopefully I'm not the only
one that hasn't done their Christmas
shopping be doing Santa scare you
alright guys I will see you guys
tomorrow and it's cool I know the big
baby but I'm floridian
you
see what you did
it's coming over
that's cute
where's the SSC
Getty ritual trippin
photography and Ally don't forget
you
