demonize
give me a long day what are you laughing
at okay so I'm try not to say okay so
I'm putting Cupid in your mouth so we're
going to the hockey game we're going to
attempt okay like yeah I'm not sure
who's going to be for the plank we found
out if you're a student to bring your
student ID which I'm not currently a
student I still have my you get like $25
I've never been to a hockey game
yeah Ally's never been a hockey game
either
hopefully there's a lot of like fights
every brings me I like fights hockey
points are so funny cuz there's life
there fighting and pads it's like oh you
hit me in the back head so you have to
go for the face and a lot of them wear
helmet still so they end up with it's so
funny it makes me laugh alright
squaresville and I want some really
tacky but the footer drinks don't eat it
down I want some tacky tacky Christmas
Christmas letters good luck they just
got some in oh my god that is a gross
picture of that Burt Reynolds oh my god
oh my god so epic I'm a little bummed
ooh they didn't have the sweater
everything in there was girls so I
couldn't I couldn't just you know I want
to wear an epic sweater but not a girl
epic sweater she can't pull it cuz
they're for girls if you wear a girl's
sweater
oh yeah and I totally apologize for the
Burt Burt Reynold's half naked or he was
naked but it was probably the most
disturbing thing I've ever seen in my
life and I just had to show you guys
because I can't live with it you know
just in my mind
wacky waving inflatable arm to man
wailing ah screwed up alright we're here
at the hockey game now we're gonna try
to get the the tickets guys at the door
we're sitting all right so we're sitting
in Section 128 look it it's a Christmas
tree
you excited for sake she they angered
the Spanish Natali's
which what are you gonna try White
Russian I bet you all get that yeah I'm
gonna how about a call a cab sex on a
beach attitude improvement that is an
awesome looking smoothie it looks so
pretty yeah what'd you get Miami Vice oh
yeah oh no your face is blurry
I have to give you a wet willy and what
we leave did you guys ever do that when
you were younger just get people wet
willy it's a good thing it's a gross
insult you can do this somebody say are
you making fun of me vlogging girl
blurry My Chemical Romance oh yeah there
we go
Brooks and Dunn you want I want to get a
Brooks & Dunn Brooks & Dunn jacket look
at that yes the lord of the dance
nice we're in it's game time we actually
have really good seats this would be
very cool take the source and field
goals this is kind of cold sweet it's
actually smaller in here than I thought
it would be
look at these awesome seats for it we're
at the perfect thing just really like
the net ends so that way we can get you
know hit by a puck we're all gonna die
holy balls and Santa mrs. Zamboni
you remember I know what I want for
Christmas I want a Zen pony for
Christmas hockey players are smaller
than I thought
get him and see them right now with
their heart I'm telling you
guy says he wasn't alone
fight fight fight
Santa's everywhere pucks moving so fast
I can barely keep up
oh come on
who's gonna get it
Oh
they've taken the camper to Mars outside
Oh
Oh
that bestiality
that was awesome you got to see this
that's Ally's favorite like braised now
I will burn again make a play by
wallpaper
I know I know
all right time to go to bed I'm pretty
exhausted last night we last night we
were stuff oh man we stayed up until
like five or six in the morning and then
I get home and I edited the vlog and
passed out and then I had to wake up
super late upload it and all that stuff
anyway so I am really tired I hope you
guys had fun at the hockey game that was
actually the first time I've ever been
to a hockey game and that was that was
really fun I really like the thing about
hockey but I've always liked is the fact
that it's always going you know what I
mean like when they have a penalty
that'll stop the game for like ten
minutes they keep going and then if
there's a penalty they'll bring it up
what he's just eight
but yeah so weird but I wanted to ask
you guys what the best sport you've ever
seen live was one thing I really want to
be able to see next it would be I think
it's called high lie and that's like the
world's fastest sport like the balls go
like 160 miles per hour
I've actually NHC t-rex ears ever been
to one of those matches I think that'd
be pretty it's it I would worry about a
hockey puck a high light thing the ball
oh yeah so um if you didn't get to check
out a project for awesome video there'll
be a little thing you can click at the
end of this video so please go check it
out it's about you know animal rescues
and cute little dogs like that see you
should go check it out so many
minute-long so please go check it out
you can click right there and we'll take
you right to it I'll see you guys
tomorrow and I'm gonna get some sleep
probably say good night good job
you
therapy
you
