hey guys Charles an alley here from
internet killed television I just wanted
to say thank you so much for a fantastic
year and not her project for awesome we
wanted to talk to you a little bit about
what you can do this season to give back
because as we know giving is as
important if not more important than
receiving during the holidays as you
guys know we're huge animal lovers and
we want to give you an opportunity to
help locally with animal shelters rather
than focusing on just one charity want
to let you guys know about this
fantastic website called the animal
shelter org where go with put in your
zip code and it brings up a list of
local animal shelters in your area we
understand that this can be a very
trying time for a lot of people
financially and we understand that you
can't give money but if you still want
to help you can go to these shelters and
you can donate your time and volunteer
and help save animals like these two
munchkins as you guys know both of our
little wrestles were adopted at no-kill
shelters in our area his existence
wouldn't be possible without donations
and countless volunteer hours for people
just like you because of you because of
you it's cheesy but seriously the
message is still very very important
CTFxC for the win see you guys later see
you in 2011
