you probably don't want to hear hear hi
good morning anything I just want to do
my part and hit some vlog so you don't
have to water as much this morning okay
go back to bed and phone you know I
don't cook cook a little harder so we've
been forming all morning and Ally I
don't know maybe it was Ali and their
video right now these guys working
nonstop for you guys just wanted to let
you know is drinking her second cup of
coffee in my time is mug oh she is very
kind she made me breakfast she made me
coffee and now we can I had this video
and thank you for happy here look good
guys right now look like lacking and
some beautiful phrase afternoon the
sunshine in the new Wiggins that's not
kids you had a scoop some insects skin
bad wait
are you over there yeah all the first
day of summer is the 28th we finally got
photos of the new hats that are gonna be
available first at VidCon and then at
CTFxC Mars on top where we're restaurant
so I'm going to show you the brand new
hats these will be available at the
dftba booth at VidCon first here's one
here's the other one
here's the other one and there's the
other one so all for those will be
limited supply at VidCon and then we'll
bring them home and we'll have oh by the
way there's really a poster there as
well that's me at VidCon first so if
you're going to VidCon go to the dftba
booth you guys can get all these first
dead things and then we'll bring them
onto the CTFxC merch but we wanted to
come to do something special for VidCon
because we always say we're going to do
it we never get around to it but we
actually did it so the new hats are done
and they're being shipped any time I
think somebody selling Chicago hot dog
we have to gotta get them Chicago those
dirty dress complex in the world the
celery salt and maybe these Oh peppers I
don't know if the tip is called what it
is to anyone I always think I'm coming
for you from like one how about dancers
but what is the one thing that's
blasphemous I'm putting on officer Gaza
hotdogs ketchup yep you passed the test
I know I can't remember so I decided to
take charge look for the latest on China
actually we're on the courthouse welcome
tour but I'm very excited about it at
the Museum house is a bookstore you jump
down it does feel like a museum you know
what's actually kind of crazy every
booking here could fit on my iPhone but
it doesn't have this room I wonder if it
eventually one generation physical books
which is not existing that's actually
gonna ever happen wait what about those
uh or they called Harlequin something
the ones that have all the the rip dude
and then the girls going like this like
what are those called publicly knows it
was fabio like every cover try to find
some Simpsons ones like Shelley got me
okay
were you a comic book nerd no
so you get kind of a comic book nerd I'm
surviving I fix my toes more meat oh
this is our TV Jim I know you had a
little serious Superman number one I
used to read x-men out of that actually
I think I read that one before hasn't
been in a comic book store in the law
colonial I think that back I went to one
with Padilla's Kelly in Chicago this is
the stuff I loved about comic books is
made-up words
Shrek short or is that I thought that
just got lazy on that one York look
needs to be a skirt in there look at
these old vlogging cameras having their
new salon guys it's kind of funny ever
since I got the approval to drive and
I've been doing that for how many I
don't know how many of us sound
I haven't actually driven a golf cart
nearly as much as I used to obviously
what good drive is with my vehicle this
is my car now my car is my car so it's
got a weird dread something about how
much fun it is I keep trying to hit the
turn signal does not exist on the
golfers sorry guys I just wanted to talk
you know let's talk about the future I
kind of feel like this is something that
Allie and I have been wanting to talk
about for a while especially since the
whole ad pocalypse has been kind of
hitting everyone on YouTube I kind of
wanted to address you know like sponsors
and things like that that are going
around YouTube a lot of youtubers are
now taking on more like sponsors on
Instagram on Twitter Facebook YouTube
all these things to kind of supplement
what's going on with ad pocalypse for
those who you guys who don't know what
ad pocalypse is it's just a fun word on
a very negative thing that has to do
with YouTube right now I actually have
no idea why it's happening but YouTube
is now drastically changed the way
Adsense which by the way if you have no
idea if you're kind of just a watcher of
YouTube Adsense is the tool that pays
everyone on YouTube all your favorite
vloggers even some of you guys you guys
all depend on Adsense it's kind of a
frustrating thing for everybody I've
talked to friends
I talked to everyone I know on YouTube
and everyone I don't say it's hurting
but everyone is seeing a change when it
comes to this situation on YouTube and
the reason why I bring this up is
because I want to talk about the future
and by future I just mean the future of
YouTube the future of videos on the
Internet in general as a whole I feel
like it's going to drastically change
the next five year maybe in the next
couple months maybe even weeks I don't
want to say days just because that'll be
really scary and frustrating for
everyone on YouTube sorry I just need to
fix my my fake hair right now I love how
people think let me just make it look
very there we go so super fake now okay
as is ignore that little segment the
reason why I want to bring this up is
because I feel in the next like I said a
couple couple years of weeks months
YouTube as a whole is going to be
changing for everybody even possibly you
guys as we kind of go into this
uncharted territory you're going to see
more youtubers and more creators doing
more sponsorships and you know more
partnerships with other companies which
I feel is very important that everyone
understands what's going on because with
Adsense going down your favorite
youtubers are going to need the
supplement what's happening get the
community it's something that we all
need to kind of embrace I I know that
we've done sponsorships in the past and
I realized that it can be kind of
overwhelming yesterday we did something
with Canon and honestly I would have
done that thing for free because you
guys have been telling me and hoping
that one day I would work with that
company but I have no idea you guys have
a better idea for the amount of money
that I've spent on Canon cameras for the
vlogs but I'm not ignorant to the fact
that I know sponsorships can kind of get
overwhelming my thing that I always want
to hold true is that I will do a
sponsorship only if I really believe in
it or if I used it myself obviously
coming back to yesterday I would have
probably bought that camera no matter
what and I were to show how many I mean
I've done it so many times why I bought
cameras I'd be like hey guys which
quality looks better I've done it for
free I've done in the past just don't
them I don't want it to seem like you
know I'm hurting you know the vlogs are
going to go away or anything like that
this is just something that I kind of
wanted to talk about the future of
YouTube because I feel like it's
incredibly important especially for
people like yourself who maybe want to
start making videos it's kind of
important for youtubers and creators
social media creators Instagram Twitter
like I said snapchat all that stuff to
kind of find ways to supplement to be
able to make these videos to be able to
continue doing this you know watching
videos for free because unfortunately
the reality of the situation everyone
watches videos on YouTube for free which
is awesome I think that's an amazing
platform but at the same time your
favorite creators have to pay bills they
have electric they have the internet
bills to pay for so it's kind of like
one of these things where in a perfect
world I would brick and live on an
island make videos for a living somehow
get internet maybe for my arm tattoo
we're talking about perfect world guys
this is the community this is why these
videos that you know kind of started
this is this is why I make videos to
have this conversation and the reason
why I'm making this video or this
segment of the video is because I find
it very important and it's very crucial
to talk about because this is not just
affecting me this is affecting the
entire website and I know one of my
close friends Phil DeFranco you guys I'm
sure know him he explains it probably
way better than I am but I just kind of
wanted to speak my mind and just kind of
the future is going to probably change
on this platform that we call YouTube
probably social media in general and as
scary as this is trust me I'm right in
the middle of it in the end it could
possibly be better for everybody you
meet other creators on YouTube just
change it every few years
social media changes and this is just
another evolution of the situation and
it's something that I feel like we all
need to accept and I know it's hard and
possibly even somewhat confusing and
frustrating but I feel it's important
that we have this dialogue to each other
I will make this promise to you guys I
will never promote something that I
don't like I'm just I will never sell
out selling out that's doing something
for money that you don't care about I
guess all I'm trying to say and I'll
stop talking is that I just hope that we
evolve as a YouTube community not just
for me like for everybody that people
are accepting and
standing about what's going on right now
because if youtubers and social media
creators don't do this your favorite
youtubers your favorite creators will
have to stop it won't be a viable option
they won't be able to do this I'm not
saying that I'm hurting or doing
anything like that because I want to
make these videos I want to say forever
but you know I want to use videos for a
very long time feel like I'm in just the
pinnacle of my life right now Ali and I
just got married we want to have two
kids eventually that's a whole nother
like step in my life and I want to be
able to document that or for our future
children for you guys because you guys
have a vested interest in these videos
and our life because you've been
following us for the longest time so
that's it I just wanted to talk about
that just because I wanted to talk about
change in the future of Internet videos
and YouTube okay I'll shut up now and
I'll continue the video no more ranting
I feel like I've done that way too much
in today's video but I thought it was
important that Melissa
tell her she smelled happy birthday
okay sir for real and centered right
here it's ma'am on Saturday probably
don't want it here here there happy
birthday your oldest it hi you're older
yeah how old am I we actually configures
out my year older you're you're nine
months so to say almost oh wow so you're
older
yeah we know what you were doing I know
you're like 21 I'm twenty-five
twenty-six month ago you are very mature
very you're a lot more mature than I am
yes that's a lot well yeah there is
going to do that these are the things
that we come home to Marley's just like
putting her head into Zoey's mouth hey
you tomorrow man don't forget to
subscribe have a beautiful night we just
over at home and we're going on we're
getting one we're gonna call it a night
I was really nice thing over there it's
kind of celebrating Lucifer day of
saying you guys so much for watching if
you guys are brandy please do not forget
to subscribe hit that like button if you
liked today's video and as always you
know what that we love you guys so much
we really appreciate you I am going to
try and get into their bed this is like
a new territory for me so I yeah I
goodnight never mind
