good morning to you too good morning
Marley good morning Zelly good morning
internet so I'm just getting everything
together we're packing everything up
we're heading down to Sarasota for the
holiday break and they're we're coming
to try to bring the bike down and we're
gonna try to remove the bass cab look it
remember that bass cab right there
because we just I can't ever living in
an apartment till we buy a house i can't
play my bass cab it's it sucks so what i
do i plug in my computer i could play it
that way but every time I haven't even
played rockband since we've moved
because every time I kick the floor our
neighbors are like Bam Bam Bam to
remember that day yeah so it kind of
sucks makes me want to get a house even
more what's up with your ears Zoe you're
funny you're like a bat those ears are
not for your head before we start moving
this bass cab I just want to say this i
got ali a firehouse sub I thought you'd
be hungry and I think something's wrong
with her because she turned it down she
turned it down the real Ally I mean Ali
what are you doing down there all right
now actually I really would like to
leave now all right now we gotta try to
move this down all right good luck with
it all right we're taking bets how many
think this thing's gonna fall down
stairs along with Ali so I got it down
the first set of stairs but I couldn't
get it done a second set it my hands
were hurting too it's not even the way
it's just it's awkward yeah you look
like 10 before you're so awesome try
your rolling into it please don't die
at least there's a grass buffer don't go
off the sidewalk last little tap the
last little task got to clean the fish
tank so they have a nice clean clean
tank while we're gone so we're just
getting gas I decided to do a yeah it's
working i'm doing a live show so i'm
going to stream a live show to blog TV
and then that way i could just talk into
this camera and it'll be like I'll have
somebody you know driving down to
Sarasota with maybe because right now I
have to take this car and Ali's taking
that car and I usually get really bored
this week on somebody clever always
thinking oh I'm copping some kind of
what are you doing the shell station
that's like they were puzzle I guess you
see how much gas did you get well this
sucks scratch that whole like maybe not
being bored the whole drive I don't know
what happened i guess i'm tethering this
for my phone and I guess blog TV crashed
I guess you guys crashed blog TV again
so it kicked me out and I haven't been
able to get back in my own my own life
grab that guy's we finally got the live
show working so i do have somebody to
drive with other thing is I only told
the people on the facebook group so if
you're not not a part of the CTFxC
facebook group just go down there links
in the sub are you can click like and
you'll know next time we do a lot of you
I felt like this could be like a secret
live show so I didn't want to put it on
Twitter so these are all the hardcore
guys right here I just got some crazy
awesome news you just want to hear no I
don't really want to tell you that was
cute excuse me why are you in the front
seat up for a quick pit stop in
gainesville had to go potty sort of the
girls I'm sorry no this is not happening
it was so cute earlier I couldn't film
it because i was driving anyone a you
know crash or anything but Zoe's head
was directly in marley's but and I mean
that's the danger zone that was a very
risky place for her to put her face this
whole this
hot topic has been I guess inundated and
hammered with requests to carry the
internet carol killed television
t-shirts and they are going to make sure
by mid to late January that they're
going to have the internet killed
television t-shirts and almost every
single store nationwide and maybe even
Canada and on their website though I
suppose a thank you guys if you haven't
been able to find the internet killed
ocean t-shirt at your local hot topic
hopefully by mid mid to late January it
will be there my head exploded when I
got the phone call so thank you guys
that was awesome time to go into one of
those scary rest stops I have I have the
CTFxC army watching my car to make sure
no one steals it this is the best
security system you possibly can have a
couple thousand people just watching
your car for you this has got to be the
dirtiest dirtiest handrail on the planet
I would never touch that if I had like
my life depended on it i would not grab
those two poles
this imagine what if somebody's on it I
know things I think about that's what
happens when you're germaphobe it's a
silly
this hungry silly
yes
yes that is true a couple hours she's
just been sitting right here she's very
good at something shiny so here's an
update so we just bought juice in the
car
smells fantastic oh do that sucks
somebody is getting pulled over right
now oh so pretty look at the Christmas
lights I love Christmas night all right
guys i am currently here at sarasota and
i just want to say thank you to
everybody who was in our live show we
basically played music trivia and then
Ali called to say i was playing elitist
music which i don't think was elitist so
i just i thank you guys for you know
keeping me awake and entertained for the
past four or five hours again i only
posted this for the facebook group so
make sure you go to our facebook and
click like and then you'll know when we
do live shows like this but um i was
really fun one i only got like four
points they wouldn't let me have points
it i think it was like I am Logan and
xef something I think was those two that
were basically giving me a run for the
money but uh that was fun now I want to
go in and relax wait wait sit up oh no
your fall on your phone mar so look at
this massive TV they just got shit this
is huge but doesn't look big because
it's a regular commercial wait we gotta
wait until like it's bigger okay
jewelers look how big it is that's a
massive TV what what you say what else
what else am I looking at after all I
called me an elitist some moral of the
story is don't run stop sign no no we're
gonna go visit melissa right now every
time we come into Bradenton we gotta we
gotta bugger at work somebody was
playing under ron jeremy
how come I never knew about this this is
awesome though I'm gonna race don't
drink and drive kids I was like a little
Ferrari thing a horse thing got it she
said it's what system is this oh is it
really you're going down I don't even
know how to do it that's right still
gonna lose how about a drive an audio /
howdy oh hey explain it wait what are
the what are the pedals again Oh Lissa
Melissa's like the right is gas the
Middle's of what you lose it and then
what's the left
she's so gonna lose I'm so confident I'm
racing her in an SUV
ah see you gotta do it the real way oh
no I'm trying to blog it I'm driving and
vlogging know this is why you should
never blog it drive alligator this is
gonna do it the real way you're gonna do
it like you're actually driving the car
that's the cheating way
boys are
look at cars all cashed up what is this
game even called
really
and he tripped my room
even mean you'd ride straight why do you
want to dress
o Christmas lights aren't we so festive
look at our Christmas tree we decorated
that we
faces and their bowling alleys got like
a permanent smile on her face
are these the old shit handles just in
case you take a look like a hardcore
turn so who's the best who's the best
driver definitely not the best driver
definitely not the best driver so beat
you at every other game just be shut up
who had you bioshock for you because I'm
batteries and games I'm really bad yes
that is now permanently etched on the
internet back to our favorite game Alec
are you gonna actually golf in those
things that's what all the golfers are
gonna be wearing from now on as she
lines up a putt but I mean drive she
checks
as she lied zup 4dr with her putter look
at that beautiful scene okay
that's what that over the top of it and
that is because i looked up all right
there's a beautiful there's a beautiful
waterfall yes distracting yes my homies
oh hey guy again they're going to kiss
your name thank you and you don't think
it's
wait
hey where's epsxe
giddy with y'all trippin
finale don't forget to eat more
you
