welcome to the final mail vlog I'm 2010
up ya know so it's a final mail vlog of
this year and I just wanted to you know
open up some things and show you guys so
we're gonna we're gonna do that now once
i get it all organized just like all
over the places it's a lot of stuff so
Zoe likes male blogs because she always
gets toys or just a couple of Christmas
cards you guys have sent so i just wanna
say thank you it's pretty adorable oh
these are actual these are actual
people's dogs that's cool nobody puts
Baby in the cloner I'm gonna do as many
as we possibly can before we have to go
we're gonna meet up erik and christine
for dinner before we leave as well so
i'm gonna try to get through all this
before we go would you want to do that
one first all rights do that one this
one is from 2 ps2 the world boots
t-shirts oh it's a company ps2 the world
com I was like wait that's a weird name
this wasn't here something in here she's
like trying to eat it what's in there
huh oh yeah that's why some frickin
greenies in there hey I don't know if
you can have this you have to ask ally
this is a game she's like looking around
like what what did it could she have it
okay here you go go there you go so this
is from PS to the world com PS I'll take
a hug so yeah thank you guys this is
pretty cool shirts actually everyone
could use a hug did you seriously eat
that already Marta how much you have
left jeez you swallowed it okay which
one you want to do next we're gonna do
this one this is from Beth Beth s from
Valrico Florida I don't know why just
gave it that that weird accent think
there's something in here you're going
to want what is it
oh I didn't open it all the way hold on
ah just kidding it's a turtle I don't
think that's for you though I don't
think you're allowed to have that I
think that's gonna be for Ali Oh what is
this oh that is so cool use some
painting oh so it's you oh hey just a
kinetic fixing things with matchy that's
funny what else that's pretty sweet
looks like one of those uh louboutin
things oh that's cool the shaytards we
have like a whole collection now these
are really cool Thank You Beth hey what
are you doing over there Marley no brat
all right this is from jay s from vegas
oh sweet I can be like Olga now actually
here's I can juggle you guys watch this
I can actually juggle hold on let me get
a lighter film this I can actually all I
remembered it like two years ago Olga
actually taught me how to do this all
right ready hey dude and I always do
that you do that noise every single time
you realize that right yes jugglers here
they go do you do that all right oh that
is it she does oh my god I don't know
what it is she says yes oh my god i say
Olga but the thing is we asked her I was
like you know I see your name wrong then
I was like oh then what is your name she
goes Olga she actually says it's I just
mimic what she says Oh doing really well
let's get that item way better than I
can do see if I can go faster do do do
do a from vegas now challenges ally to a
juggling contest he wants to see if you
can actually juggle he's been watching
since sushi makes girls crazy dating 189
that's that's all that seems like
forever ago that's crazy all right we're
gonna see if I can do this
your challenge almost what like three
it's like 3d you can destroy one at a
time I mean two at a time okay there we
go that looks ridiculous on you give up
I think it has popped the screen out do
you want to see if you can juggle all
right ready one to juggle juggle oh you
got one you got to do is you gotta catch
it drop it and catch the other one ready
mar 8 12 kitchen sketch it oh you got
one at least this is from amanda s from
Tennessee so she sent some smart touch
gloves I guess they're like the uh yeah
you can use them on your touchscreen
devices so Ali doesn't have to use her
nose anymore and then got our nice
little little turtle but you can't eat
you always want to eat the turtles okay
good oh this is actually really cool
this is format n from Jersey and it's
actually when we were in San Francisco I
think we're ice cream with iJustine and
it's actually the real photo and just
like drawn over it cartoon styles it
kind of reminds me of uh what's that
movie uh Scanner Darkly doesn't it
that's really cool
look it it's when you were a puppy
Marley this is from mike from New York
that's when Zoe is trying to get the
laser off the wall that's really funny
that was when I first brought you home
look how big your ears were nothing's
really changed huh all right this is
from jl from canada yours are my little
helpers today what I'll see okay see if
you can find anything your turn do you
find something what'd you get what'd you
get pull it out that's how it is
supposed to be eating that's for me
that's not food is this Molly food
doesn't smell like food are you amazed
by the artwork is that what you're doing
okay well this is from Jill this is
actually look at the detail on this one
this is crazy-looking mustache pissy
there we go that looks pretty sweet on
you remember doing this kind of stuff
when I was little too but the thing is
mine always look like a glob of goo
because I didn't have the patience I did
not have the patience specialer like
this this is this is really cool looking
this is from Jill from New Mexico a
sticker beware of the sleep-deprived
Charles and apparently she made a gold
penny in science class so that's kind of
cool I had the world's first gold penny
guess guess jealous and it wax mustache
that marley really wants to eat I have
to show you guys this whole thing is
this from kira Akira be from
Massachusetts and it's a my family of
YouTube okay i want to let you guys read
this whole thing it's really kind of
funny ok here's the first one and since
Spanish so I she actually translated it
so here let me switch it to a better
macro this is my grandad Shane he's very
creative he has light brown hair and he
has brown eyes Shae isn't fat north then
he is very funny but is lazy from
I'm talking all right what else oh it's
communitychannel okay this is my
grandmother Natalie she is my
grandmother grandfather's wife she has
black hair and she is very smart she has
black eyes and she is very pretty
natalie has three kids and it's joe MGM
this is my Uncle Joe he is very creative
wait he is he is very funny I kick hurry
this is my Uncle Joe he is very creative
funny and nice he has black hair he
likes music he has no eyes uh keep going
oh it's uh Mickey kitty ok this is my
aunt Tessa Tessa is very tall and thin
she is she is a redhead and she has
brown eyes I think she's very nice Tessa
is neither me nor shy I was Damon
deefizzy Damon is awesome he is my I
think this is uncle he is neither tall
nor short he has light brown hair and he
has green eyes Damon is very funny and
nice that's swifty this is my cousin
Matt he is very tall he has light brown
hair and he has blue eyes I think he's
very funny nice and lazy from time to
time other youtubers are lazy where is
Ali this is my mom Ali she is very
beautiful she has light brown hair and
she is she has green eyes she's neither
tall nor short she's very smart and nice
oh man oh there's me this is my dad
Charles he is very funny and nice from
time to time was that supposed to mean
he has light brown hair and he has brown
eyes he is strong and sporty he has
short hair I was Greg in ACN this is my
brother Onision he is very nice and I
forget his breath and his hair is
neither long nor short he has he is tall
and strong I think he is I think I think
he is from time to time and know him Oh
uh and this is kyra okay this is me Kyra
my dad and meet my mom are Charles and
Ally my brother is oniy seein and I am
tall thin and sporty I have light brown
hair and behind blue eyes and agree this
is my dog Zoe she's very nice she's
neither tall nor short she's not shy she
has light brown hair and she has black
eyes so that is her youtube family
that's really funny i would actually
take a photo of that and send it to MDM
because i thought was really funny like
he has nice this is from another cure
actually from Illinois sent a bunch of
paper cranes a bit I guess is a legend
that if you make 100 paper cranes you
get a wish from the hundredth crane and
she also sent some little facts and a
little smart turtle but did you guys
know this turtles have been on earth for
more than 200 million years they've
evolved in for mammals birds snakes and
even lizards didn't know that and the
oldest turtle to have lived and recorded
history is 188 years Colby this is from
Tracy from California Oh somebody's a
fan of Zoe somebody's fan of you happy
5th birthday Zoe she's like reflection
reflection Molly from Jacksonville uh
admit she's like really into Legos and
she made so she made this is Lego
YouTube plaque and that she made this
which is a box and it glows and
apparently she won first first place so
congratulations Molly I'm glad I glad
the CTFxC inspired you to make it
glowing Lego this is really sweet this
is from Casey are from California they
made t-shirts for after our wedding so
says congratulations Charles and alli
trippy you see that they make custom
t-shirts can drag congratulating us
after our wedding that is cool Oh to not
wear these until your wedding this is
really crazy this is from Daniel K and
when he was
16 years old 16 years old he wrote a
novel right and it was published when he
was 18 when I was 16 I was definitely
not writing a novel that is really cool
and apparently if you don't like sparkly
vampires this is the novel for you so
that's why he sent it because real
vampires don't sparkle but yeah man
that's congratulations on this is really
cool then the seriously that is
something to be really proud of 16 year
old author published author that's
really cool I'm gonna say the same raw
is Keela ke ILO n taylor from Louisiana
wrote a paper on us I on us and CTFxC in
the internet killed television and I was
just reading it it's really cool it's
kind of flattering I could just imagine
like a teacher being like who is this
person writing a path for the works
cited page right there look at that we
got cited we've we've officially made it
we've we've been cited on a work cited
page and then this is from was that from
I think it's from the New York gathering
right Haley from Oklahoma synthesis this
is really fun a computer just shooting a
TV that's so funny you're just so
created a glop glop aha I'm guapo call I
go laughs but goes there we go I was
afraid I wasn't gonna get that turtle
tortoise I'm sorry that turtle what do
you call a turtle that flies you guys
get it a la la you try to do your answer
get three seconds what do you call a
turtle that flies get three seconds two
seconds one sex okay the answer is a
shellicopter really I was hoping for
something better than that I don't know
if any of you guys got that I will be
amazed Cameron am from Colorado they
wrote another another CTFxC paper this
is really cool 27 out of 30 not bad
Cameron hello Internet my name is tape
keep this is from Diane ass from the
Netherlands
I say Netherlands the Netherlands this
is her right here and he can't really
see her but that's her and she sent she
made these and she said not to eat them
Marley but check this out is so cool
though this one's awesome looking look
at that that's that's some talent right
there that's cool so thank you diane and
hopefully you can go to America come to
America for your foreign exchange
education class that you were saying
that you wanted to do and by the way
your hamster is pretty awesome-looking
that's our lyrics right who's this from
this is from this is actually kind of
funny you guys you wrote your letter on
the outside of the box this is from
Sonia G from LA oh man I remember doing
that all the time when I was little whoa
I'm I've never thought of a zombie
pirate that is actually very very scary
I've heard of like ninja zombies but a
zombie pirate but what about a zombie
ninja pirate oh my God look at you class
little ice cube trays that's really
funny Ally's gonna love that finger
stash that's pretty sweet marlie you
want to finger sash yeah how about You
Zoe he's still wearing that shirt guess
you can't really get it off Ken yet okay
in this book you'll learn why zombie
pirates are better than plain old
pirates how to find a vessel worthy of a
bunch of dead guys the uniform of the
undead captain and his crew how to
create the perfect zombie pirate flag
that's pretty important where treasure
treasure chests are buried whether or
not to go full zombie and more is gonna
be the last one we can do tonight as
from Maggie F from North Carolina okay
Lana man it's it's kind of bittersweet
that the years almost over the last male
vote for the year they found the mother
lode okay guys what is this some munchie
choose yes that looks delicious doesn't
it we got a toy Zoe there you go pretty
get it yeah that's cool it's not that's
not food that's not food some more
artwork
the time you are on there good job so
yes thank you guys so much that's the
end of the mail vlog and if you were
watching this before the regular vlog
you can click at the end of this peanut
packing peanut ah part of that idea I
shouldn't do that I just want to say
thank you guys for everything of all
these awesome artworks pieces of art you
know your letters it's really fun to
read these and really inspiring to see
you know like things you guys are made
like if CTFxC and things like that and
it's even crazier that you guys are
putting us in your papers that you were
turning in for classes and grades and
that's really it's really um like I
keeps coming back to the same word but
flattering it really honestly is kind of
flattering I never thought people would
be writing reports on a project i
started you know what i mean so it's
really cool i just wanna say thank you
for an awesome 2010 will do another male
blog in 2011 but we're gonna be leaving
oh that sounds really funny she's really
ferocious right on the t-shirt of
herself barking at people go check out
the vlog if you haven't checked it out
and thank you guys again and we'll see
in the next mail vlog hey
you
