hey Ellie guess who visit us today
what's the deal this morning we heard a
little knock on the door and sure enough
it was google Claus this is what YouTube
just sent us I am so stoked this is like
the coolest thing ever you know what
internet killed didn't kill television
you know what it did internet took over
television that's what I'm gonna SUV
internet took over television what are
you doing you always do this you always
warm yourself up on these these aren't
very good for you I know they're hot but
you can't do that dude it's funny every
single time I do work out here and I
leave my computer out marlies always
laying on this thing because it's all
warm you're smart but you're going to
get electrified don't get electrified
remember that pretest we were doing
yesterday well today's the day we see if
Ali can pass computer science exams
Peter application yes so we're gonna see
if she can pass that today thank you
guys for all the help the tough
questions you guys answered it I just
have one I did have one little thing I
want to say well you said that speakers
cannot be used as an input however I
want to just like lay this out here what
about speakers with Mike's built in and
that you do voice commands yeah so you
have voice command see if you guys have
any extra toys or clothes take them to
Goodwill you can donate your car you can
donate your car um but yeah if you know
if it's just sitting in your closet you
know might as well donate it so we just
gave a bunch of our old clothes that we
didn't need that maybe somebody else
would oh I don't know this is impossible
Hornet Hornet Hornet how nervous are you
one to ten you're really 11 you'll be
fine and you know what you're gonna come
out and you're gonna be able to program
a bunch of things yeah good luck love
you
hey dude you got knocked the fill I
think I think she'll do well she's a
type of test taker that she looked over
the material once like she's already
done she like retains it all in all
honesty I think she would do better on
this test and I would and I've been
doing like computer work since I was 12
Kevin bear to see like I series I should
go take this test two she's gonna come
back with a high score and I would come
back with I got twenty percent the whole
day so far I just been wanting to go
home and play with the google TV I just
want to go home and play with my google
it sounds bad look how cold it is here
that is not normal I love icicles are so
pretty and looks a little bit cold isn't
it
do you guys want to go run around for a
little bit while he's taking the test
okay whoa no need to punch I don't know
what it is about icicles but it seems
like that's like one of those things
that just seems almost magical if that
doesn't sound too corny like you don't
even like you see you see an icicle and
you're just mesmerized by the like the
natural beauty I don't know I think it's
just it goes back to when I was younger
I always associate icicles to when i was
younger we would always go to New York
to visit family and I would every time
cuz I guess being you know raised in
florida you don't know you don't usually
see icicles like that find beauty in the
simple things you only mean I know I
showed only a couple seconds of that
fountain but it's it's about 520 now and
I pulled up next to it around five
o'clock I just I just watched it I don't
know I just I just it's just so cool to
me kind of lame right can you guys
remember the last time you just like
kind of just stopped in awe like you
know what I mean like you were just stop
the new tracks by something natural that
just like caught your eyes and you just
what you're fascinated by it can you
think of something like that I try to do
that more when I'm busy because I feel
like that's a nice way to calm down like
if I'm really stressed out and you know
I go outside and there's like a
beautiful sunset like right now there's
like a gorgeous sunset can't really see
because his buildings in the way but
like it just when I see it I just it
calms me down a little bit you know what
I mean the poor ducks the four dogs are
sitting in the car like let me go now I
would like to go chase a squirrel and
roll in some poop it only helps when
you're going through traffic like that
jeez I did not want to do that coming
back
listen this when I'm trying to call
Melissa this is what it's giving me
watch watch what happens is your call
cannot be completed at this time does
that mean you try again later these
imagine this was like some sort of an
emergency and you tried like you were
like trapped like you know that new
James Franco movie with a based on his
shoe store where the guy gets trapped
but let's say yes it is it like a signal
and you're like oh I got full bars and
then you try to call somebody it's like
I'm sorry we kind of can't call right
now please try again later yes that's
when you can resort the tweeting or
something maybe never hear about that
that one guy who I guess it was like an
avalanche and he was trapped under some
snow and he tweeted his location and he
got out I had to pull over I've not seen
one of these things and ears a phone
booth those things are like obsolete you
don't see those ever anywhere not even
in New York City ah the days before cell
phones fingers crossed everything is
good I hope everything I hope you passed
otherwise we're gonna have a very sad
alley and we can't have that are you
serious what is going on with AT&T oh
god there goes my window so good news
bad news what I you didn't even pass Oh
Marlon wants to say hi first Oh camera
big expensive camera ok there we go so
seriously what happened nine points
that's pushing it high five what love
you that's that's goodness dog bite
Marley what are you doing down there get
up here well you passed a be good yeah
you get a 59 I had better get a 50 good
job my house my loving man now now to
celebrate we can set up the TV ours is
heavy I wish I could look this over my
head easily sweet
sweet sweet again quadruple sweet ready
lift with your legs whoa you're excited
paper rock scissors paper rock scissors
shoot ready paper rock scissors shoot
what is that ah cheater I know never i
was saying i well the thing is i thought
you were gonna I thought you're gonna
call my bluff and I thought you were
gonna do something like rock that's why
I threw paper she won fair and square
you get to open it and with literal
scissors 5-inch screwdriver tighten the
supplied screws securely with it you
don't add those we don't need those good
catch all right what did I just do all
right so I want you to take a photo I
want this is going to be the masterful
Twitter photo ok ok I'm going to lift
this over my head Charles no do not lift
that freaking thing over your head ok
it's a little heavier than I thought
char seriously come on everybody no
hernias are not funny I'm happy gonna
hurt you okay oh my god Hey ok sure
Charles I'm gonna laugh when you break
that friggin thing brand new TV oh my
god sure wow you're a big strong man now
look I'm just getting this ready ah
there's the DV oh you fell for it you
fell for it dead idiot drop Stevie yeah
right I'd be crying is that
haven't gotcha oh that was a good figure
I think over together that it wouldn't
work did it look real I think I know a
trail let's get a good job like me
making believe that it was heavy okay
where do you want this TV man get him
Zoe nice one Charles all right time to
turn it on it there we go the power
button generally works sweet this is so
cool oh man I just if you guys don't
have a google TV and you're curious if I
recommend it I highly recommend this
thing this is like the coolest thing
ever it's not only cool because you can
stream netflix and things like that but
you can like watch youtube videos and
I've actually gotten so much better at
watching YouTube videos because of
google TV not even I I promise you guys
we're not even being paid to talk about
this youtube just decided to send this
to a couple people and you know maybe
hoping that we would blog it since it's
such a cool thing so I just I just
honestly Thank You YouTube thank you
google Thank You Sony this is really
nice of you guys and what's even cooler
is that Google and YouTube and Sony
they're all giving away a bunch of these
for free so i'll put the link in the sub
are below and you guys can check it out
maybe a CTFxC or can win and I'm going
to leave you setting this thing up we
have 15 minutes to make it to bestbuy i
completely forgot that of the a team
came out and I you know the 18 was an
okay movie but the only reason why I
really want to get it is uh what's his
name do you remember his name the guy
the main character from district
district nine yeah no I'm talking about
african dude yeah the South the South
African guy Vickers vandemere yes oh no
it's sold out look at Ali best spot in
the lot come on come on what are you
doing yesterday when I was making the
the spinach broccoli calzone pesto
Calzona pesto you guys want you a lot of
people are really interested in I'm how
or the recipe it's really easy guys all
you need to do if you have a Publix or
any other grocery store just get some
pizza dough pre-heat your oven to 350
you just need some mozzarella ricotta
some broccoli some spinach and pesto and
that's what I gotta do just make it like
you would make a pizza and then fold it
that's it then bake it for like 20
minutes so hopefully that helps and you
guys can make delicious awesome calzones
too okay so I'm gonna watch a team now
and kind of relax and okay you know what
okay these little things right here
these little these little like whatever
these wasteful cardboard things what
what's the point of these things I mean
it's the exact same thing is this but we
just killed a tree I don't get its exact
same thing I'm not alone on this right
these are kind of stupid right wasteful
it is now past twelve o'clock what are
your grades from this semester did you
do bad yeah 3.8 and you guys remember
her stressing out I'm gonna fail good
job honey Plus though you just left me
hanging thank you it's still pretty damn
good that's up so I should have done
better in that class 43.8 see member i
was telling you guys she freaks out
she's like I'm gonna fail i'm gonna fail
see what you did
wait
where's the esse
giddy with y'all trippin
where's with trust raphy and Harry
you
