you can do it come on come on
yeah good robot oh we have a special
robot here hey good morning guys
so we're currently doing a reorder of a
couple shirts we're running just a
little bit low
oh I just got good luck this is awesome
news I've got word from Hot Topic that
they have sold over 30 31 32 percent of
their entire stock in stores of the new
internet killed television t-shirt you
guys are hardcore yes that's an
incredible amount if you asked nicely to
a manager if they don't have it in stock
that you can like pay $1 and they'll
order it into that like they'll ship it
into the store so that way you save on
shipping so I'm getting the buttons made
as well so I just wanted to say thank
you guys that is that I just got the
text message it just blew me away
isn't that crazy dawg fine I always got
to take a CLEP exam for what would cost
this before information systems in
computer apps SQL what's open-source the
only class that I've ever done really
bad in college was my computer class I
actually got like a C or D in my
computer class all the other ones
English anatomy all my communication
courses all that A's in most computer
languages the absence of parentheses
implies that the order of mathematical
operation from highest to lowest
precedence is like it was pendous yeah
so you knew that yes these questions are
really stupid okay I want to ask you
guys this and suit you know which of the
falling would not be used as an input
device for a computer system a image
scanner B cd-rom drive C keyboard D
Mouse or e PC speaker so which is it it
is worded really terribly Mouse like a
mouse is used to
and you could you can guide input with a
mouse but you're not actually inputting
anything with a mouse so that doesn't
make sense this is so stupid this is for
people who really it's a beginner class
people probably don't really know
anything about computers so see if you
guys can sir this one responsibility
that is not traditionally given to a
beginner programmer is coding debugging
programming to a program testing
documentation or a system design how are
you supposed to know that if you're just
like a beginning class this class or
this test is making me feel stupid I I
thought I knew a lot about computers but
I'm reading these questions over and
over and I'm getting distracted halfway
through and I'm just like what all the
 above is that really that's
that's what you do what we should all
know this which of the following has its
primary function locating websites that
deal with particular subjects that one's
pretty easy a search engine yeah I would
definitely say that would be no it's the
Uniform Resource locator that is an
actual option floppy disk and I don't
know the answer this test is that at one
point four megabyte floppy disk is an
option hey we watched the movie hackers
with Angelina Jolie yeah do you guys
remember that movie best movie if you
have not seen the movie hackers when
Angelina Jolie Jolie was like 20 go
watch it promise alright see if you guys
can answer this for us because this one
does not make any stupider is this
actually hard like I don't know
I took you guys to the device look I can
use my phone and not have to use your
nose yay oh crap I forgot the password
oh you say oh okay that's one thing
about using gloves is that everything is
slippery I just keep dropping the camp
oh there we go
unlocked first right yeah I I'm glove
impaired can you do it now faster then
with your nose hey I'm trying to I'm
trying to film here why just go reading
the shot you little brat
look at that puppy it's a lab and like a
Corgi mix if it's Marley he's like she
ran like that just don't throw it on her
head I like cold weather but I'm getting
right now you know when you get that
little thing in your nose when it's
really cold and hurts and you just feel
it go up your nose take some scientists
thing I think pressure Oh
every single time that's the worst thing
about the cold weather all right I'm
gonna get Elliot a nice fancy ring if it
works I couldn't help it I mean 25 says
a lot of money all right oh that's
that's fancy right there what do you
think you think she'll like it I just
don't know what it is about those things
but the these cheap little things like
kids go crazy for them you know I mean I
remember when I was younger I would
seriously I would I would go I woulda
said bananas my favorite ones probably a
kind of a tie between these two okay the
one was they it was a sticky thing it
was a hand and you would like go like
that you whip it and it sticks the
things and then you pull it back you
know I'm talking about and then you
could like it was this or would do like
homework or something I'd be over in the
corner and I'd whip it and it would
stick to her paper and I'd pull it back
and then pull her paper back every time
she be writing and then the other one
was the it was like a little rubber like
a little rubber like hat almost legal Oh
like I can't think what they're called
the Jewish people wear in a little
yarmulke yarmulke it looks like a little
rubber yarmulke but it's like this tiny
and you flip it inside out and you lay
it on the cement and then you wait like
20 seconds and it goes up and it just
pops up in the air and that's all that
thing did you want your gift I got you a
gift
close your eyes will you marry me again
you gotta use your teeth there's how you
over know things
it's a pinkie ring yeah there you go
Lucy that is so much better than your
other ring cheese I'm just gonna take
this one away now I've decided tonight
I'm going to try to make a delicious
pitch broccoli pesto calzone and I don't
know how that's going to turn out but
it's gonna be delicious
I'm being optimistic there's to be
delicious yeah I'm a pizza guy it's now
working that's one thing I always
thought would be released little learns
how to okay every time I hear this sign
I always think of old school this blue
stiffing better down oh there we go it's
working my Sicilian family would be
proud
that's so fun I want to I want to open
up a pizza store Hey I'm afraid you're
gonna turn into a monster listen to this
hear that okay now listen to this pretty
much the same yeah Wow god that's that's
solid it lifts it up by the roof it's
rusted down though Wow you can you
remember my my struggles with this like
this thing look at this
I can't even okay there goes there goes
deep now oh let's check that out that is
some deliciousness it's hot I felt like
Bioshock right there
yes
with y'all trippin
to be an ally
