you listening to prodigy yeah you like
it down there that's the best way to
wake up listening the prodigies you guys
remember prodigy do you remember them
the guy with the bald and then he had
the weird anyway um so I'm doing I'm
doing my spring cleaning but how can we
call it winter cleaning but I'm not
cleaning what I should be doing all this
stuff I'm cleaning my computer I've
literally cleaned off this hard drive
and this hard drive in this high drive
they've all been cleaned out and those
two four gigs terabytes are now housing
all I have okay one of them is housing
all my vlogs and the other ones backing
it up I got a backup
it's failsafe and also apparently I have
a hundred and ten gigabytes of iTunes I
have to back up that's crazy
what's your comparison I want to do
something hold on what is this this is
my file I slash o error that's not good
I want to see who has the most iTunes in
their collection I'm gonna tell you
right now I have all this is my iTunes
right here can anyone beat 18350 for
look it 45 days of music see which CTFxC
er has the most music so tell me if you
don't know how to do it just open up
iTunes go to all the click the all and
at the very bottom it'll show that stuff
so tell me how many songs how many the
runtime how many days minutes hours and
how many gigs and we'll see who has the
most iTunes right now your your thing to
beat is 18350 four songs 45 days 6 hours
49 minutes - 47 seconds and 92.1 7
gigabytes can you beat it when I was
looking through everything I've saved
every text message message out Ally and
I've ever had on my iPhone and you can
export using this I can't remember what
program I use but like exports of to a
PDF so I have literally every single
like text message right there that we've
ever had so cool like you can see
actually when you're reading it you can
see when we started like just talking
and then when we started dating it was
pretty funny and then when after we said
I love you for the first time Oh cute
cute nostalgia all of my children read
this when I'm older yeah some more Frost
what you say
and just like that it is now Nate time
so yeah today I said so I said so okay
so yeah I I don't say okay so all the
time only you do okay so anyway
we're exam
where
we're gonna go get a gingerbread house
before I was rudely rudely interrupted
we're gonna go get a gingerbread house I
haven't done a gingerbread house since I
was like younger so I think that cost of
a gingerbread Casa de ginger house the
house of ginger those things are like
candy corn they were all made in the 70s
I didn't know this The Little Mermaid
people were talking about the Little
Mermaid cuz I said she was the hottest
princess
apparently the face is based on Alyssa
Milano I guess you know by proxy if I
think the Little Mermaid's hot I have to
think listen a lot of time okay so my
friend from ballet she used to call them
Milano's like she said it like meal yeah
and one day I was so proud of myself so
quickly she's like can I have a meal ah
no and I looked around was like it's not
a meal it's just a Milano always laugh
when I go to a store and I see people
stick like they sell rocks you can buy
some rocks you know for twenty dollars
you bought rocks I think you had this
conversation about buying rocks and dirt
it's just so silly than me
Zoe's claimed our pillows we were gonna
try to get new ones but it looks like
she she wins this battle Zoe
gingerbread train
we can make a gingerbread oh my god you
can make a village Wow
maybe we should team up and not try to
battle each other
I want to get that one we can decorate
just five of them let you take turns is
so going down you're so going down I
know the terrain is pretty sweet all
aboard the ginger the ginger Express we
were just checking out a target right
and ally and I were trash-talking each
other by the way this one's yours I'm
gonna break that one later we were trash
talking back and forth and I just wanted
to ask the randomly the checkout guy who
would win just by it looks and
apparently Omar his his name watches our
videos okay I have to ask you a random
question in a battle who do you think
would win against each other building
gingerbread houses and he looks up and
he goes Charles Trippy all right let's
see what we got to work with here how do
I open it okay this is a strange way to
open I don't know rip it okay here we go
oh well screwed delicate alright let's
see here we got we got some gingerbread
we got platform and a lots of candy
oh look at all that frosty oh no hard
part about making a gingerbread house
though is like not eating all the
delicious candy you are so going down
I'm gonna get my candies and prioritize
my candies here are we allowed to use
candies from other sources only allowed
to use what we have okay
did you sabotage any of mine when I was
in the other room okay no no no no no no
no I'm gonna do a time lapse and then
I'll put it to music so that way you're
not bored
are you team Charles or team Ally your
team Jacob
judge
we have our foundation now and you were
a little quicker but that doesn't mean
you're gonna win this
what what's wrong with mine oh it's
falling apart five minutes into this
thing and our look at our walls are
caving in no we have to wait the
allocated amount of time you make fun of
me for not listening to the directions
listen to those gingerbread directions
fine you remember that remember that oh
there's front the frosting all over the
camp this is hurricane proof this is
like for Florida stuff you're ready
decorating
I'm falling apart
at the moment of truth
you guys ready okay
first first we'll give you mine okay
this is mine
I call it the house of balls okay for
the obvious reason okay we got balls on
the side and the this okay see we got
Santa with a giant candy candy penis
what I was going for this one was was I
was trying to break away from the
traditional gingerbread house it doesn't
necessarily mean are you kidding me did
you just like seriously buy this are you
joking
and there's even a back to it Wow
okay mine's still better mine's still
way better which one's the winner me
Charles oh wow I would actually switch
the macaron this one okay I hold on look
at the attention to detail on the mr.
Santa how smooth everything is but I
mean seriously look at this look how
awesome that is that's pretty good
cobblestone it's I don't know I kind of
like mine though mine's a little bit
better than yours no snow either
I have snow all over my roof snow
everywhere it melted did I win
or did Ally when you put balls on Santa
yes you I mean seriously it's seriously
like cement and the worst part is look
see a piece of fell right next to Marley
and everyone knows Marley she didn't
even want to eat it
so that's probably an indication that
you shouldn't be eating this stuff so
did I win or did Ally win let us know
you decide that would you want what the
laser this straight down
was that class of Titans right there
dunt dunt dunt dananana dananana
dananana that's that to fight fight
fight fight this is why you have to have
two dogs is that frosting right on Zoey
I think that's frosting on her
it's coming
yes
which all trippy and alleys
with Harry don't forget to
you
