today's a good day we've finished the
merch internet penetration I can't
believe it I cannot believe it after
four days Tuesday Wednesday if there's a
fire five days of this look at the
living room it's kind of there's just
some extra ones over there and some
shirts and some more over there but
still yeah it's like it's like a like a
weight lifted off our shoulders it's so
awesome it's poppy oh and hopefully all
of them will make to you guys for the
holidays oh there's more in here too you
know what I want to do now you know what
I want to install those hard drives I
got those hard drives last week and I
haven't been able to do it don't want to
be a geek in install smugglers pour
terabytes of hard drive space now that's
sexy if technology was sexy that would
be sexy wait why do you guys know
somebody that does that like we refers
to something as like as technology is
sexy I never got that or like a car is
sexy I've never got that scary
wakey-wakey ok 1 1 1 1 2 3 all right mr.
robot clean up after us all right so you
ready to go good job
ready to go like Flintstones yeah I must
look like froa law for what I said like
for Len stones oh honey she thought you
were gonna throw it I don't know it does
just start low all right low you can
hear it hit the ground
Oh Zoe she's like damn and I can't carry
it the whole way back that's too heavy F
that guy's way too heavy
oh my god Charles is gonna hurt somebody
like himself
did you really are we going on an
adventure to your favorite place to your
favorite place actually I don't think I
really likes this place like um I really
don't wanna be here right now go I was
trying to go up the pet stairs
come on Michael at the pet stairs is
there where to heaven about the pet
stairs she's like I don't want to go up
it you're talking what we're saying are
you saying
you're talking oh yeah he's talking Oh
big Christmas bonus I'll call it an ID
told that she would tear the crap out of
all this stuff if she were not on a
leash I have a question all you internet
dog lovers is the Advantix or frontline
better for fleas and ticks and bugs and
gross --mess so I don't know I gotta
Advantix
really was just standing on her hind
legs and I'm getting lots of dog men
I'll be at the cookie bar
oMG direct line of sight to the cookies
you come here so come here stop stop
there ya go
it's like oh thank you all right that
little interruption sorry that's every
day of my to tell you inside the pet
store the pet store where they allowed
dogs both dogs are around all the time
the pet store pistol this girl sorry dog
where was this backed into a shelf and
it made it was an audible slam it was a
joke she was so terrified when she saw
her dogs that she backed up so fast that
she ran into a shelf
I felt bad but in at the same time
it's like when you see somebody fall
like trip and fall that's exactly what
it's like it's just funny it's time for
me to geek out I ended up getting the
Western Digital caviar green am I even
saying that right is that caviar at the
bottom Western Digital yeah I know I
said all right what am i second-guessing
myself cuz you're an idiot Charles shut
up Charles Trippy doll so I'm just what
get out of there
what are you doing Zoe Zoe Zoe we gotta
open these we should do a mail blog
should we do another mail vlog maybe
we'll do that maybe Sunday if you guys
if you want we'll do another mail vlog
we have a couple things Oh what are you
doing my fingers keep pulling see what
happens I'm gonna show you guys how
incredibly easy this is why I love this
computer how incredibly easy it is to
install another hard drive in a Mac Pro
let's go do this that pops it right open
and then everything is just right in
there these are the bays right here so
you can just pop these out so you just
pop it right out and we got a hard drive
a dusty dusty hard drive you know it's
kind of weird to think like this holds
this hard drive right here has a year
and a half of our daily life on this one
hard drive right here that is insane do
you see a reflection or something is
that what's going on oh yeah that's
right there this is why I love
technology I mean literally you can put
an entire life on a hard drive in an
instant it could've all be wiped off you
know what I mean like here's this one
right here this second and this one
might be their daily blog but one of
these to have every single dusty
everything every single skip video I've
ever done on the youtube.com slash aural
should be so my very first video is on
you too
are on here it's kind of like nostalgic
in a way film this because I've tried to
show Ali I wanted she never saw inside
the micro and immediately she's like so
why is there a sexy lady in there huh
that is a graphics card and it makes
things awesome
no not like pornos every every every
graphics card and the world has a sexy
girl on it maybe that's why they call
technology sexy but that is a cartoon
you realize that yes I see that I don't
think any normal human being has boobs
like that it's kind of true they're like
we are killing some time it's got a van
Devon and Chris and Ben and everyone's
graduation so we're just killing some
time all right now before we go and meet
up with them that what they're gonna
sing was just look out look how pretty
Ali looks right now she's got her new
jacket
where we get the Avril Lavigne going to
get the evolution ever Levine for the
win
I was on what tour I'm like God in high
school my bamboo plant nickname what for
well it's really funny is like every
girl in the audience did this it's not
bad if you look hotter than any of them
but breaking into yep as your films go
along with all these other people dots
have just graduated today it's very
exciting
you might have a clip of it I don't know
but we're currently going that no I
think you know some Bell then cantabile
don't clip no clip so here we go the
detail oh yeah this is crazy they had
like all this really cool stuff hung up
you can't really seem to start they have
like this cool little red carpet mock-up
thing going on here don't mean your
demeanor show that's me me there one of
them
this is the real deal
yeah I don't I don't know if ever could
actually do this it's gonna be school or
something yeah yeah okay Bryan YouTube
so I'm putting him on YouTube right now
it's alright you just graduated that's
my friend Brian look at all these people
I love all of them I love you okay so
what do you think was your most
memorable part of film school if you
could pick anything
where do we just find will what's your
channel well how you doing you look a
little weird though you look a little
different yeah thank you so much
likewise okay so I told you back are you
kidding me okay
that's a joke I think I'm skin this is
luck
this is unluck
they didn't believe me that I got locked
in there see all right good luck make
sure to lock it though you have to be
fair
why are you guys dancing geez this is
what I do
I gotta back up I get that Walters frame
you can capture Walter
you
you
