tgif thank goodness it's Friday hey
internet killed kind of cream skipping
the obvious you guys remember tgif on
ABC where had that TV show who remembers
are we had family matters step by step
but who remembers the show dinosaurs no
one seems to remember was it not the
mama did not the mama Enoch the mama it
was knocked to mama hello stupid little
baby they always hit people little
violent domestic abuse baby that shit
was so good it was basically did you
ever forget the feeling that the the
show dinosaurs and family matters were
the exact same thing did you ever notice
that vulnerable dinosaurs 90s television
doesn't get better than that good
afternoon internet i say afternoon
because it is now the afternoon makes
sense so today is going to be the last
day of packing these hoodies and
t-shirts and i just want to say thank
you guys for being so understanding with
the blogs being a little bit slow we've
been seriously so busy for the past this
tuesday so this will be the last one
what what shut your face why you slow
flux Jesse and I just booked our hotel
for Time Square for New Year's that is
going to be fun I've been always really
really afraid to go and I've always
really wanted to go but the thing is I
hear that like there's like a million
people there right but if you're stuck
in the street you can't really go to
bathroom except in your pants because
you can't really get out of the crowd
and then you're not going to find anyone
really really thankful that we got
invited to the MTV thing because
otherwise I would never be able to get
to do this cuz you know you know pmon
pooping in your pants not something I
really want to do okay so I am look at
that see I now I'm starting to do the O
case i bet you guys are going to start
like paying attention every time we
start a clip and see if we say okay so
anyway pretty much done with the merch
Ali's just finishing up a little bit Oh
Miley escaped out of her little
threshold of a threshold what is going
on with me lately like for some reason
like like just completely losing it i
think it's being cooped up to the house
for the past four or five days smelling
everything and packing and bailing on
custom you guys want to be free you want
to choose a squirrel love you you're so
strange okay you want to stop that now I
know you want that okay hold on okay
just that that thank you for doing that
appreciate that and they're off I don't
even get the count off three I told they
want to ramp that tree I swallowed a bug
uh-huh ok I hate that I was just about
to start talking to guys and I like
started talking a bunch swing down my
throat yeah you're like that that's
skill that's what you called ninja go
ninja go ninja go go ninja go ninja go
ninja go ninja Go Go Go Go Go ninja
ninja rap how many pics to your finger
give me on Marley or you now where's
Marley oh that's funny so if a tree
falls in the woods but there's no one
around to hear it does it make a sound
of course it does this entry silly
people whoops gumdrop jiggy oh I wanted
to talk to you guys how's the whole hot
topic internet killed collagen sure
hunting some people are saying that it's
not at their store and some people are
saying there's a bunch at this store
this is what I was actually just told if
it's not at your store and the lady with
the pink hair and the nose rings it's
kind of kind of being a kind of brood
what I was told was just to ask nicely
to speak to one of the higher ups like a
manager and just ask nicely and chances
are they'll write it down and eventually
we'll get to corporate and then they'll
hopefully send stuff out to your store
so that's I just wanted to let you guys
know if you don't have the internet
killed television shirt at your store
that's kind of how you can do it the
other thing I wanted to say is we were
only going to do the free gift for one
week for the you know the release of the
shirt I'm going to talk to Ali and she
thinks we should do it till jan you
your first re December 31st you have up
to December 31st to get the new internet
killed television hot topic shirt and
that way you get your free button so i
just want to let you guys know we
extended it because i know a lot of
people are probably a Christmas money or
something like that or might even get it
as a gift so it's kind of unfair to make
the the the cutoff date you know way
before Christmas so we're going to do it
till after Christmas if you already got
it and you found it make sure to send
your photo a photo your receipt and your
dress to CTFxC hot topic and I'll write
it down and that once we get the buttons
I'll send it to you so thank you guys so
much it's really cool I've been getting
a lot of photos you guys in store a
pointing to it and stuff like that it's
been is really cool it's really
overwhelming and I'm really proud I'm
really proud so thank you I know I know
I say it a lot but uh I just want to say
you know they gotta acknowledge the hard
coordinates of the CTFxC every once in a
while got to do it for those who have no
idea what we're talking about the
information of what I just said is in
the sub bar below guess this is my pants
right right down there oh man I need to
just like by a giant woods
oh ok guys on account of 30 I can say it
yet 12 and they're off this every single
time yeah that didn't happen I seriously
on this on this little trail I trip on
every single route every route living up
to the name if I can't sleep I might as
well put myself to good use I'm gonna
try over a couple months ago we tried to
make sushi and if you remember correctly
who is sushi roll looked amazing and
who's looked pretty bad anyway so I'm
gonna see if I can better my sushi
skills so she ought sushi how would you
like some sushi did I just in fact I
probably just offended every Japanese
viewer I am offending everybody and I
apologize okay everyone you get five
seconds to make fun of me in the
comments now okay you got five seconds
five four three two one okay now you
have to stop now we're all even clean
slate are you watching you're watching
beauty in the beast okay we can all make
fun of Ali now wow we were just
discussing on how you could tell this is
like just like a painting then I come
home and this is what she's doing eating
ice cream and watching Beauty and the
Beast I know you're finishing it up
we're only 200 left
all Disney things are all wasn't are
supposed to be reading when I start
thinking and getting idea this song
always reminds me of the simpsons but
mr. burns like see my best see my vest
made of real gorilla chest
how's my cheeks I want to ask a question
to all the guys out there who was the
hottest disney princess who's out of
shake it there come on who is the
hottest one who's the hottest Disney
who's the hottest cartoon aarielle even
though she's half fish I'm jasmine you
think Jasmine I'm going with the the
half fish lady okay it's your turn who
is the hottest girls you can answer this
too who is the hottest disney princess
they don't necessarily have to be
princesses we'll see tell me in the
comments what sue who who's the hottest
one I need some wax paper can you get it
for me honey could you please give you
the wax paper you did it it's brad is
such a bright on my hand I was like just
cut it yeah okay Thank You Zoe rash
irrational fear and just for the record
she does chase chase me with spiders and
snakes so I'm not that big of a punk I
don't know guys this is some
fine-looking sushi right there some
veggie sushi Oh delicious look at that
craftsmanship a little too much rice but
you know what I'm still learning what do
you want to give this I'm going to give
this one maybe a six I'll give this a
six just because I forgot the cream
cheese like an idiot
like the cutest thing I've ever seen I'm
going to bed now exhausted what you did
wait
let's kill
where's easy a texty
be with child trippy
sexy
photography
don't forget to a more
you
