Oh internet killed penetration I am
currently having a mini attack of deja
vu actually would be deja vu or
jean-yves ooh deja vu's when you feel
like you've already experienced
something you recognize it I think
Johnny vu is like when you wreck like
experienced something and it seems
familiar but you don't recognize it I
think it's deja vu for this situation
because I feel like I'm doing the exact
same thing as I did yesterday actually
in some parts I am speaking of shaman
who that was actually my favorite song
my old band did that was my favorite
song I don't know I just looked i like
the name like Zsa a vu you know what I
mean it just sounds cool I know a lot of
people have experienced it but like do
you guys freak out like you have mind
powers when you have deja vu like every
time I have deja vu I'm like holy crap
I'm seeing into the future like it's one
of those things like I should alter what
I'm doing so that I can change the
course of history I wonder what really
actually causes either one day Zsa Zsa
maybe because it's it's really cool it's
like a cool phenomenon you know I mean I
always get like really happy what I have
it do you know that kinda person look
over baby it's actually you but like
when they're when they're like guys I'm
having deja vu right now and they're
like they freeze as if like you
shouldn't move otherwise the world
explodes like right now deja vu we've
had this conversation before oh this
conversation we've already had it and
your friends is looking at you like
you're going insane do we need to send
you to a mental hospital oh oh deja vu
as Yami boo I am done with my exams so
happy yeah happy birthday so we so we
it's your birthday happy birthday Zoe
please tell me you know what song I am
kind of spoofing and what TV show that
is usually you should know this you
should know this for me now just kidding
guys did you think you were having deja
of it I had to play a little trick on
you I might do it again throughout the
video so rude
this time I'm getting smart so i'm not
staying up all night i'm gonna start
doing it did that like during the day as
at this time i have a helper she's done
with her exams sheesh she finally passed
or was her worst grade you got 97 and 97
so I'm gonna fail I'm gonna fail she
comes home with a 97 uh-huh she comes
home with a 97 again let me reiterate 97
actually I was just finishing up the
zombie the zombie dr. zombie or zombie
and it's actually looking really funny
so hopefully I'm gonna have that up on
the youtube com / Charles Trippy i'm
hoping tuesday or wednesday so long as
you did you guys have problems logging
in to YouTube yesterday I couldn't for
the life of me log in to my YouTube the
entire night so long as tuesday or
wednesday i am that's that's the time
i'm planning on posting what what no
they couldn't look we're gonna stop
there's a guy painting outside of our
apartment and the painting the floor and
we walked by and he like paint a mental
picture he looks like macgruber meets
Kenny Rogers that's this guy looks like
right and those two kilometers in here
okay and so I'm walking by and obviously
you know the dogs you know don't want to
get paint on their feet it goes straight
face I mean you're picturing this guy
right big burly mustache macgruber meets
Kenny Rogers he goes oh yeah that paints
wet watch those dogs tootsies yeah I bit
my lip immediately went okay thanks yep
big construction guy said tootsies you
know what your duties well he's
currently trying to sell our books and
look at that's just a lion in the
bookstore so I decided to say stay back
and perhaps avoid a stabbing or to this
people are like crazy they're like in
San look at their like fighting over at
one spot over there it's ridiculous I'd
rather just play a video game
got you so the line really they were
fighting there's some people fighting
for that spot over there is really funny
yeah was really funny are they torturing
you guys there's a bunch of squirrels
that they're just playing outside the
window it's like I'm going to eat your
face she is shaking she wants to pounce
on him so bad okay so i feel really bad
i just said okay so which I do every
single time I start filming no idea how
many okay so I really did maybe you guys
don't know because Charles edited out
but every single time it's really yeah
yeah okay so okay thinking phase I don't
know everyone does that some people say
uh or so yeah I don't say uh a lot of
people especially daily bloggers will
say okay though okay okay cells I mean I
always do not see it's like my
transitional thing I don't know anyway
okay I'm gonna make shit up man oh I'm
gonna make a rule that I cannot say the
words okay so this is what happened
today
no tell you I almost literally just said
okay so for the third time in this
single clip I'm trying really hard not
to today I was walking to my classroom
to drop off something for a teacher not
this tux slowly I have to because I'll
say it otherwise really hard on this I
almost said it again his car stopped in
front of me and she rolled the window
down a continuation of my story sorry my
friend was calling him ahead to answer
so the girl rolled down the window I
said the girl roll down the window and
that's just my story telling so with a
girl rolled down the window and I think
her name is Candice I feel terrible
that's not what it was but I didn't have
my camera on me so I couldn't film but
it was very sweet of you to say hi I
really appreciate you saying hello my
days been very stressful and that made
me very happy listen this I'm calling
somebody sounds like I'm calling the
devil oh it's creeping you out I'm
calling I'm calling another to vent
dimension that's so weird guess you guys
kicked out I got any that out it's
really weird that's weird what are you
wearing weirdo
no no seats left side to side and more
this it's like head-banging to yeah
there we go that's it that's the proper
night at the Roxbury ah in Joel for the
heck I know give way too old to do that
what love babe it'll hurt me don't hurt
me no more I need a break this is what I
look forward to every single time while
I go shopping oh god what's the college
prep
oh that was embarrassing they want to
see it of course the one time I do
something stupid I mean the one time I
did something stupid cuz I never do
anything stupid the the girl who gets
the carts came walking up and she's like
um are you done with that now if there's
one thing if there's one bit of advice I
could always give you guys is just have
fun always smile and have fun wait I
take that back that and always remember
your gate key so you can get into your
house never got mine should follow my
own lessons doo doo doo oh I should have
used my i forgot my sound clip darn it
we were talking about life lessons right
so one always have fun to remember your
keys in three guys when you go shopping
for groceries always come back with
something delicious you're welcome let
me tail whoa whoa did you guys even
understand what that set what isn't what
you say I didn't film you kissing you
guys ready for it you ready for it
actually I need to apologize hold on I
need to apologize I said eskimo kissing
apparently that's a slang a racial slur
and that racial slur but it's just a
derogatory thing to say um so I
apologize to all Inuit people i mean i'm
saying that right on the native peoples
of Alaska we apologetic Canada acadia I
just probably insulted them again I
think there's a really famous quote by
roberto benigni and something like it's
something along the lines of like
exploit not expressing gratitude to the
fullest is like a really melancholy way
of being like not like for like not
fully expressing your thanks for
something is a real
shitty thing to do and he said it much
more eloquently than that yeah it's
something like that life lesson number
five dress your dog and t-shirts of
themselves all right actually this
wasn't for you here Zoe that was Herbert
that's her birthday cupcake so oh no
it's only don't tell Marlee don't tell
her oh where the hell does she come from
she's bouncing scared the crap out of me
guys can share it after I take a bite
first it's really good hello dog cookies
are so freaking good it's starting to
look like we have a living room oh wait
maybe not we have a new couch guys we
have a new couch oh god oh god smells
like poop in here who farted Ali
this is why we call Zoe fishface like
please don't make fun of me anymore wow
really you couldn't handle it sorry Zoe
I like it yeah yeah yeah just sit on her
just sit on her put your ass on her face
I think she likes it oh look at that
face look at Zoe face Oh Zoe people are
gonna think you're mean hey you got
tired you just don't like to be woken up
huh all right good bed as you guys may
know transporting and tacking over a
thousand hoodies and shirts and a car is
a very delicate process it's kind of
like you know like Tetris where you just
basically want to get everything in
there in its right spot you know what I
mean like everything has its place and
if it doesn't have its place nothing
works so you know you think the brick
you only mean like you ever long slender
brick brick and that's how you want to
do it and on that note I'll see you guys
d'ivoire no shirts were harmed in the
making of that demonstration
see what you did
it's me wait
hey where's easy at sexy
Getty withdraw stripping
likessee
us with trippy and alli don't forget to
eat
I
