hey good morning guys it's about four or
five in the morning and check this out
ice all over the car was so cold so cool
when you can see in Florida like that
looks pretty cool hey internet cocaine
kind of pain it is now 6 45 in the
morning I've already my entire car is
completely full this is the
International over there is all the
domestic so I gotta go to bed for a
couple hours and then I gotta go to the
post ops I can you turn the light off
how the crap oh my god how the crap am I
supposed to turn the light off it's good
I don't need this one that is frost on
the grass also does not have a Florida
oh my God look at my windshield it's
covered in I he's okay when this happens
inside a car that's crazy in Florida can
you see my breath it's 730 and I'm on my
way on my first and when we final today
wish me luck good morning guys so I
slept in a little bit too long and well
it's not too long it's like 10 10 12
right now so this is post office trick
number one I have believe it or not two
more of these cars full of this I go
drop this off and then go back home and
then go fell back up go back up and fill
back up so I'm a little tired but I'm
pumped this is getting this is good it's
good I'm like my own little assembly
line Ali has she had an exam at seven
thirty or eight and then she's studying
right now for one tomorrow and then she
is done post-office drop number two I
think it's gonna be like ghosts actually
for spanish-speaking viewers this could
be the last one for today and then our
UPS guy comes with another bunch of
boxes and we do this all tomorrow no
what's sleep sleeps for wimps I'll sleep
when I'm dead it's the eighth of
December so as long as the post office
does not completely fail on us right now
you guys should all get them for
Christmas I wait december eighth and
Zoey's birthday today we gotta celebrate
Zoey's birthday she turns five my voice
was all about the up and down right
there wasn't it look how big my garlic
smell that stuff out all right now the
mission is get Zoey some awesome dog
treats that is one awesome car right
there if I ever make a million dollars
that's what I want hold Dick Tracy
mobile it's your birthday did you really
we know what we need to do we need to go
to the pets we're gonna go to the part
where he will get a party hats for you
cuz you're hilarious and party hats and
we're gonna go get you one of those
gourmet dog treats you oh fuck imagine a
huge happy birthday so we so we it's
your birthday happy birthday Zoe please
tell me you know what song I am kind of
spoofing and what TV show that is
usually you should know this you should
know this for me now hey styling google
google so last night and talked about
down to eight boxes out of 30 and then
that just happened Jeff came from the U
kiske of EOPS guy Jeff can you wait does
that make sense Jeff I'm that delirious
oh my god you know what that's worth I
think she's a little creature are you
kidding okay good I'm sure she's a
little creeped out I feel like by air
Michael Jackson oh you give away oh
sorry
so it's cold enough that i wear my all
time favorite sock ever my you tube
socks isn't that clever these are like
the cool setup drop them they're like
the cool socks ever I was getting a mild
case of cabin fever so I had to get out
and take a little walk but then I
remembered it's it's pretty cold outside
and I am not prepared for it you know
you guys a lot of you guys suggested
these gloves that um I could use and
still be able to use my phone so I'm
gonna actually try to find those at
Walmart you guys said they're at walmart
some say it's the one thing about the
cold is that my hands get really cold
you only mean that's the one thing I
could go in shorts and a short short
sleeve and be fine but it's my hands but
if I can if I can use my phone I don't
have to sacrifice my hands that's reason
why I never I gloves in the first place
is that I wouldn't go to use my phone I
know stupid right I was overseeing the
last couple of logs we're not going to
the truant premier anymore however
there's some really awesome news our
good friends prank vs prank or invited
to the MTV New Year's party you know
every year MTV has a big New Year's
party in the old TRL studio well they
invited us to go with them so I'm really
stoked about this we're gonna be going
to the MTV New Year's party so hopefully
that makes up for the missing the tron
premiere Oh actually I think that's a
post office like put you on pause yep
that was a post office I gotta go pay
for the shipping anyway so yeah we're
gonna be going to the MTV New Year's
party and apparently i guess the Jersey
Shore are are gonna be hosting it so I
need to brush up on my Jersey Shore okay
there is Pauly D the situation and
Snooki who are the other Jersey Shore
Ian's I have to know this stuff now so
let me know in the comments any of the
Jersey Shore people that I should know
other than the three that I think
everyone in their grandma knows alright
guys don't make fun of us too much but
we're going I have two sets of keys
because I look like a janitor or
something we're gonna go get Zoey some
awesome dog treats because her birthday
and you know what I know you're probably
thinking you know she's a dog why are
you celebrating her birthday she doesn't
know you know we know and they're
awesome and we love our animals so we're
gonna celebrate it
it's just an excuse to put a party hat
on a dog it's just funny you know I mean
curiosity will get the best of you it's
only natural no it would just a couple
more seconds and you won't be able to
read this just an arm look at that look
how funny Alex and oh there's the head
and if you go on this side just look
like a strong bicep look I'll be kinda
like oh yeah you're not gonna get that
back Oh back the camera you get scared
of the camera don't freak out the
internet'll like you that is ridiculous
this looks so delicious all right so
we're here at the Tallahassee hot topic
to see to have our shirt and they don't
but I'm kind of here cuz like it there's
Danes annoying orange but guess whose
face that is funny so do so technically
here I got a totally by this is awesome
okay i just pointed out Charles lettuce
in fact not him that's the other other
lemon no balance that oh ok little
doggie it's your birthday you gonna sit
so it sit sit I'm gonna put your
birthday hat on hey no so we all have
ever I got my birthday hat I know
they're like the stupidest hat the world
where did the history of the birthday
hat come from dangerous puxley loud yeah
everyone's got their birthday that's hot
you got our little treat okay happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
the dog doesn't care cuz she doesn't
understand but it's still very cute
happy birthday to you I look delicious
yeah Marley's look at my LASIK well wait
what what is my birthday Miss Mary the
truth hey here's re oh ok that was
Marley she just like jumped out like a
freaking fish that looks delicious pies
right
yeah that's kind of funny but yeah you
guys are weird I know oh all right we're
gonna take all the part the party hats
everyone makes sure to say happy
birthday to the dog that will never read
the comments but you can still say happy
birthday she is now five years old hey
you want your other cupcake yeah all
right here you go sorry I took a bite
out of it was really good I'm sorry holy
crap the vampire shirts came out awesome
this is so cool Ali hold this up for me
really quickly those look that was came
out really cool actually wow they did a
really good job through the thing Zoey's
birthday she's eating all the cupcakes
I'm gonna go back to work and pull
another all-nighter it is don't lick
she's getting it all over Marley so it's
so for just quit getting it on your
sister red light dance party on Duval
Street oh of course it freaking stops
there goes like of course it stops right
when I start filming Oh goofy nice I'm
FSU if six we can I get a red
looks like wait really open the door oh
i was gonna phone these Christmas lights
for you guys before but they all went
out except for the giant snow globe that
you can't really see it anymore darn it
I love Christmas lights and I'm so sad
because this year I didn't get to put
them up with my parents I always
decorate our house like we go crazy and
we do all the trees in our front yard
and it's like almost I've one more final
tomorrow I will be free well until next
semester and then and I've got still all
the same work to do over again I feel
like this semester was the hardest
semester in my entire college career and
now that sounds done college career like
my entire time in college my senior year
fall semester was definitely the hardest
fuck you guys it's a giant Christmas
tree on the hospital isn't that cute I
mean unless you're not you know unless
you don't celebrate Christmas man that's
not cute just imagine if some if some
like cop or detective just like wandered
in my apartment they just saw bags like
this oh wow so all right i want to go to
bed i do it all again tomorrow feels
kind of like deja vu but we're making
progress making progress word but yeah
I'm done for tonight I will see you guys
tomorrow and thank you for celebrating
Zoey's birthday with us and I think
Marley turns Marley trends for in
February january i can't i think it's
like late january so yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow I wish Ali luck she has
her final exam tomorrow then she's done
so yeah thanks for being awesome yeah
guys
wait
we're CTFxC
giddy with child trippy
yes with sharpie
don't forget go anymore
you
