so good morning actually I'm not gonna
lie I woke up at noon today so I think I
excused my alarm like four times no joke
I think excuses so much ever got that
plug it back in and my phone is now
completely dead it's been kind of
cracking up today but I kind of feel
like I want to go outside and do some
things just because I can't be fucking
the house socially I have to be in
Hawaii for like what we're out there
like a week we can have and just being
out in the Sun and just outside I don't
think I can be in the house the Mortons
oh you and the other hand just woke up
like if the grass is still alive
kind of Marley yeah she's up go look for
him I did see him he was over in the
corner look for him though you too I
love how they look up in the Iranian you
say it's not gonna rain you hear the
airplanes I think they're getting
diverted again like yesterday because
they don't normally come over here if
you saw yesterday's video you probably
saw the fact that we got diverted three
times to try to land because we're going
through lightning storms the whole time
but what I didn't get every single time
I turned the camera off like I hold the
camera outside the window it's like five
minutes and that's five minutes of like
alright nothing's going to happen
turn it off put the camera down
lightning hits right outside the wing
and I turn back on I'm like okay you
know the five more minutes and nothing's
going to happen turn it off another
strike of lightning just keep the camera
rolling is better because every time you
would kind of shoot to edit you guys had
shot here you'll end up missing
something that's why I always tell Ally
never turn the camera off because I'd
fall down keep the camera rolling did I
fall down a lot so this is actually
really exciting right now I just want to
show you this Rick when I head back from
Hawaii this was sitting on my doorstep
and I'm so excited after all these years
I am partnering up with Canon to bring
you this video on a special special
Father's Day bundle they're doing I'm
still doing unboxing of all the things
it actually comes with I'll put a link
down here to the description
all you got to remember is the promo
called dad t6 and you're going to get
super crazy discounts so first off
Express
cannon for not only considering me to
show you guys this but also sending it
so I get to play around with it I'm
smellin ugly so just you can hold a two
cameras and like three or four lenses
I'm actually genuinely excited for it
and I highly recommend using a case over
the eight today's probably now but we've
got the scrap yeah actually I think it
will fit all that click oh it would tell
us that so not only do you get the EOS
Rebel cutest camera and the bundle
you're going to get to Kiki you're going
to get an extra lens and you're also
going to get those own blossoms let me
show you you're gonna get an SD card so
get the strap strap over here so you get
the good lord
cable the mind it's like a micro USB
cable that's a charger to get the
awesome kit lens so way off the violin
start off with how the father is a
bundle this is the exclusive gray
version this doesn't exist anywhere else
it's only for this bundle right work
looks so sick it's so cool-looking look
at that a little bit different from the
black can you guys see Elko look so you
get the camera hope you please welcome
okay here's the battery you kind of need
that
so not only you're going to get the gray
version of the camera which I really
like actually feels really cool where
he's that later today you also get the
SD card right here good SD card so you
can just start get the bad okay what's
called the dad - but you're going to get
this awesome lens as well that way you
can take the next far shot so you have
to zoom in get that whole digital shot
or minimus optical
you know those be here lets you play the
battery in also this later I think the
gray and black just makes it look that
much more professional into manual folk
the focus actually I think this is like
a nine point autofocus range so if
you're just starting and you not only do
the manual focus it would probably be
the best bet for you the reason why
they're doing this bundle and having me
show you guys this is let's say you have
no idea what to get your dad's Father's
Day which is coming up guys and maybe he
wants to get the photography or the
sexual is just be real here
maybe you've been looking to get a new
camera and you still know what to get or
too expensive
can you little bit for a deal this is a
deal the links in the description dad t6
make sure to use that and you get the
super exclusive discount if you don't do
that you don't get your discount so make
sure you use daddy's dick one other
thing I forgot to tell you guys which is
crucial to me is that the camera has
built-in Wi-Fi built-in Wi-Fi guys kind
of glossed over a little bit I just want
to show you how kids first off you get
all of it including the mess I'm very
very bad other things like sound like
ripping apart you get to 7300 telephoto
lens so you can like I said take photos
and videos from a far distance and it
doesn't like look grainy and then you've
got the 1855 kit lens like you know
let's kind of get expensive so they give
you two I've been wanting to do
something with Canon for years you guys
have known that so this has been really
exciting for me I want to go use this
camera today so I'm going to go probably
do that check out the link in the
description guys go get the camera for
your father or just for yourself I don't
know whatever you guys want to do thank
you to canon for sending me this and
letting me talk to you guys about this
because you guys have known for years
that i've used these products for the
logs since i don't know how many years
ago and i'm genuinely genuinely happy
about
I'm gonna go get those right now all
right go do something together if we go
to the beach what's going on
promise me something got to promise me
something
can I give you a bath afterwards as long
as you agree to that we're good staff
agreeing Matt agreeing not agreeing you
know what the one reason I want to come
out here today was because I want to see
the direct comparison from the water in
Hawaii to the water here in st. Pete
feel like I'm going to be thoroughly
disappointed and I felt really bad being
gone from these guys for a week but
they're going to go on a road trip with
us the next weekend I was on a road trip
it's actually not bad it's a clearer day
basically goes right in the water
see as though you know it's kind of nice
about coming right after it rains do you
know it's the same difference
ants hired in the rocks oh my god we got
spoiled it's gonna be kind of difficult
get these girls out please Zoe come on
Zoe I think it's cause it's low tide she
can just walk everywhere come on Marley
you guys do that black thing in the
water after swimming with sharks I'm not
really scared that much of the ocean I
shouldn't say that because I still don't
like I don't want to go over there and
search the seaweed but don't want to go
over there come on
to get it doggie photos you all I go oh
look oh she's spitting she's just
sitting there like a close-up of those
feet they're just like slowly going
underneath the sand oh my god so happy
thank you come on run just that it just
frickin seaweed those fingers crossed
believe I know it's not a singer is it I
don't like that
Hawaii verse AP stand on it out what an
asshole buddy such a jerk
don't you do it she's a little more
delicate she's falling asleep standing
up mark that's a man who knows oh what's
that
Wow of course fly trying to eat my face
nor my feet same thing actually here a
lot no the dragon Tina at the whole trip
to Hawaii
no sandcastle that's not thank you so
that's just I don't know what that is
that's a sandcastle like she comes into
you come in hey where you going
I know if you guys remember this one
Marlin is little we took her to the
beach where I took it out some literally
just bit me couple I'm not even kidding
between my toe I'm not even kidding
something just bit me or pencil I'm so
glad it was recording different Wow
could have been a crab what was I saying
we got red we got to bring diesel to the
beach next time I only put so much
sunscreen on look show just a little bit
the difference geez and that's what
sunscreen on Thank You Tommy oh all
right my back looks like was a
strawberry ice cream the apology an ice
cream give me a sir composed perfect
bread well I strike a pose on tight
because I wait for me don't have any on
my face you freak because Charles don't
ya please dear God Charles would
accidentally throw that it was literally
she would accidentally release it it
would hit me
I'll tell you this all time but
seriously this is what I have to deal
with Harley come here anything is we're
getting ready to leave we haven't even
been here for maybe maybe an hour
Marley's ready to go we said you want to
go and look at her she is on her way hey
cuz baby come here right hey yo release
the hounds Oh their fans are all in
something finally you're a lunatic
suppose death Donner know what don't
shoot at me oh my gosh she's gonna have
a heart attack all the dogs are I'm
terrified really awesome so scared okay
all good
well it is time to go to bed and say
good night to you guys there's been a
really good day I just kind of like
going off and just hanging out with the
pups and just chilling with Ally
and trying to adjust from this time zone
difference that I've had like London and
then Hawaii I still don't know what time
it is my body honestly still is wide
awake but I know I have had a little bed
right now
I'm going to be completely screwed up
for a while but yeah don't forget to
check out the Canon Father's Day bundle
I was talking about earlier I'll put a
link in the description go check it out
guys remember dad t6 is a promo code if
you don't use that you don't get the
super awesome discount and I just want
to say thank you so much to Cannon for
giving me this opportunity to show you
guys I you guys are pretty much have
known I've been using cannon for so long
and I've been waiting to do something
with them for so long so I just
appreciate the fact you guys know that
and I really honestly want you guys to
go check it out especially if you've
been looking for a camera so I will see
you guys tomorrow as always please
subscribe to guys are brand new and have
a wonderful night bye guys
you
