I was recording that I said see you know
about the death of their name internet
hey Marty Zulu you crazy this might be a
little bit gross but you know this is
our bass cab right and I used to use
this when i was playing in a band and
Ally's gonna grab a piece of hair she
saw a big piece of hair there it's like
jesting her I don't know what I was
doing I'm just messing around I went
like and it wouldn't come off so I
pulled it out it's basically one of my
red hairs from five years ago if you can
put it oh yeah that is so creepy five
year old hair just hanging out on the
bass cab all right yes yes let's all
make fun of me in my red hair phase we
all know it was a bad idea I made fun of
you in your blonde hair no the bad
decision but I'm trying to get over it
what do you think should i do the red
hair again should I give my red hair
don't do it no good today's the day we
get our first batch of hoodies I think
there's gonna be 40 boxes somewhere in
this apartment I have no idea how but I
just got I just got okay you guys are
gonna probably laugh at me but anybody
who sends packages outside the United
States might recognize these little
things the the custom forms well
recently they started changing them and
they're like where are they I don't even
have an old one but they recently
changed them and are really obnoxious so
I just got a tip this actually kind of
seems like that one show or the antique
people go and let it anyway so I just
got a tip that there's a post office
nearby that has box loads of these so
I'm going to go snag those because they
are so much easier to fill when you have
thousands to do it's so stupid I'm like
I'm going I'm
custom form hunting and post offices in
Tallahassee that's pretty funny those
people those people out there maybe five
people out there that ship outside the
United States multiple like II bears or
something you you're feeling my pain
right now oh and completely you forgot
this Ali just told me this did you guys
know failblog was removed off of youtube
did you guys hear about that no more
fail blog or at least right now there is
an Arab let me show you is loading right
now fail blog has been terminated
because we received multiple third-party
claims of copyright infringement
regarding material that the user posted
it's pretty scary that was that channel
had over a million subscribers you guys
sad to see failblog go down I think all
their videos on their website are down
now to because used there on YouTube are
you happy failblog is gone I'm 41 sad I
think it was kind of bogus that they
were using a lot of people's videos and
there was no way to really claim it like
I could submit somebody else's funny
video but at the same time it was such a
cool site and the hunt begins for paper
custom forums that's how is modern
people hunt for customers
in two-tenths of a mod your destination
is ahead on the right all right let's
see if they had it up there this victory
yes uh not that big of a victory but
this is how I just hit myself in the
face oh so victory that's cool now I
gotta get back to the house because we
have a ton of hoodies I don't like
saying that a ton of hoodies coming all
right who wants to go chase squirrels
what is that what you find let's go
chase some squirrels you guys ready to
chase some squirrels you ready ready
sorry we're already on we're on
cellphone terms with our UPS guy beat
that now he's actually really nice guy
how come I'm always bleeding randomly
look at that my oh that was probably
when you jumped on me don't wake your
tail hey don't worry your tail stop
right don't wait your tail okay my Asami
d I don't even know I was gonna say like
as i made italian I don't even know if
that's how you say it I don't even know
challen is like crazy in my mind right
now I just finished my talent exam a oh
when is ami I let Cinque met so I Sewell
I don't even know how to say this in
Italian monkeys primates I don't know
but I just finished an exam and I have
one more today I'm so excited this is my
first day of finals week um I just can't
wait to be done I'm so close sit least
half of the dogs listen up are you gonna
sit now marlies stand there ignore me
now you sit you just do the opposite
going on a bear hunt it's a beautiful
day I'm just kidding my kids come on
guys we got to wake up all the internet
trolls
together up you see him the squirrel is
getting his nuts ready for winter yeah
you try saying that with a straight face
well that appears to be a giant
roadblock all right we got a good turn
around if that song taught me anything I
have to go through it duh yeah least I
didn't miss it yeah why don't you tell
them that oh good luck that let me do
yeah so Ellie's going to take her
anthropology exam right now and let me
tell you a little story wants to get out
of this craziness traffic so when I was
in college I took anthropology as well I
guess a lot of people have to do it for
their majors I for some reason or
another completely spaced on my
anthropology I they completely missed my
final exam wrong day went in the wrong
day and like I said it's it's kind of
funny too cuz I was we were late and I
was like Helia what what what exam is
this again she's she said anthropology
and I just started laughing we missed
the st. we do the exact same thing
apparently so my question to you since
it's exam time for a lot of you guys
have you ever missed a final exam like
just completely spit spaced and just
completely forgot to go and take it as
you can see our apartment is
transforming into a warehouse so I will
we are going to be canceling our trip
don't feel bad guys if you guys you know
feel bad that we're doing it we honestly
we feel that you guys have been sticking
with us so supportive the past two years
I can't let this I can't I go to try so
hard to get it to you guys by Christmas
and it's worth it to me so this is
really been getting a lot of photos on
Twitter people but at replying me photos
and you guys have been going to hot
topic and buying the new t-shirt and
sending me photos of it on the shelf I
had one of those those moments again I
think I talked about it before when we
were nominated for a teen choice award
and I was on the red carpet or what was
it blue the blue carpet and I just had
one of those those moments where I'm
just like you know what never give up no
matter what anyone says
as long as you're happy and you believe
what you're doing and you're having fun
keep doing it and I was looking at these
photos of our t-shirt our teacher our
t-shirt you know any like all of ours
our t-shirt in a major store and that
was just like a very proud moment and
you know it was just kind of like one of
those you know what all the people that
said it was wasting my time look at that
you don't mean i have i have so many of
you guys to think and it's and you know
it's not about the money to be honest I
don't even think we get really like what
I think we get like a dollar or
something crazy on those shirts at hot
topic it's more of the fact that because
you guys demanded it because you guys
wanted it so bad you can now get our
shirts and hot topics nationwide and
that's just I get chills it sounds so
stupid and I just it's one of those
things I'm just really proud not only
for me or not only for Ali and I but you
know for all of us for you guys the
CTFxC to have built and created and
maintained this awesome community where
we can share our life you guys can be a
part of it we can be a part of your life
we can have a conversation in the
comments every single day and I'm
rambling too much and getting too mushy
mushy but I just want to say thank you
again and I'm going to start getting the
design for the button and a tee shirts
for everybody who buys the exclusive
shirt from hot topic so i can send it to
you guys it might take some time for you
know obvious reasons we have another 45
boxes no 55 boxes coming so it might
take some time but i will get it to you
thanks thank you guys it's cool i'm
gonna stop talking because I feel like
I'm being stupid right now and I'm
getting in bed I'm embarrassing myself
guys I'm good I'm just kidding it's okay
guys Sorry Sorry always gets really
nervous friend sounds like you're trying
you can just see your tail waggin so
it's okay to admit though this is the
worst part is basically going cuz
they're not labeled so I have to go
through every single box and kind of you
know label it so that way i can actually
start packing it this is kind of zooming
I need some sort of like like assembly
line or some
are you serious is a lens broken again
great killed another camera vlogging
daily seriously is is deadly to cameras
okay you want to see the strangest pizza
ever look at that hmm what the hell was
that that was the weirdest noise creepy
isn't it the strangest pizza ever oh I
really appreciate you guys being really
understanding when the next couple days
the blogs are going to be kind of you
know random as far as what what we're
doing basically I would be stuck doing
this for the longest time oh yeah oh
forgot to tell you i made an email so if
you already bought the new exclusive Hot
Topic t-shirt either online or at the
store make sure to send a photo of you
wearing the new t-shirt and a photo of
the receipt and send it to CTFxC hot
topic at gmail com and put whatever
address you want me to send you your
free gift but yeah photo of you wedding
the new shirt the photo of your receipt
CTFxC hot topic at gmail that's pretty
much it for today I'm gonna finish doing
this I'll see you guys bright and early
tomorrow probably in just a couple hours
so see you guys thank you and good night
see what you did
hardly wait
we're CTFxC
with Joss trippy
get like see you
where's with Trippi Harry don't forget
to anymore
you
