my name is Molly hey hey I like the
father hey hey at the Potter hey hey
look at my jacket okay I ran a lot of
things rhyme so sue me uh what's with
the makeup lady I total and was ready it
was ready yeah 3 I guess just like when
i annoy you for 30 31 32 1032 what what
do you think the robots gonna protect
you yeah
I don't know I just having an annoying
mood right now I gotta stop I'm sorry
I'm gonna stop being annoying right now
you know what it is I'm gonna get a
haircut and I'll feel like a new man 3
so I got a totally random question for
you i was listening to nirvana and i was
recently told that nirvana is now
considered classic rock i do the little
quotes because that's what they said at
what point does rock a rock and roll or
like anything like that become classic
rock like do they have like metal and
then classic metal at what point like is
it 20 years 10 years here's a follow-up
at what point does the the the new
school become the old school I know a
lot of you guys are smart so maybe you
you might know that the rules defining
what's classic and what's rock hello hey
did you know Nirvana was classic rock
now yeah that's what I said Oh cold cold
school I'm sorry on yesterday's vlog Ali
said she's probably cold like how many
times we should had a cold counter Oh
can never live up north your face can
never do annoy mom she could never live
my mom's face is from New York BAM I
didn't take long yuck I kind of spin New
York exact New York of New York sad news
though we might have to cancel our trip
to California this couple weeks for the
premiere and stuff just because I feel
really bad about the whole merch thing
we literally I'm not kidding we
literally have a metric ton of hoodies
coming and I feel really bad because
christmas is coming and I want to make
sure everybody has it so I don't feel
that we should go if we can get it all
taken care of then we'll go but I feel
like this should be our responsibility
and I promised you guys hoodies for
Christmas and I am going to try my
darndest to get hoodies for Christmas
and also sad news the space shuttle
launch you guys were asking about the
space shuttle launch I really have no
idea what's going on with that thing
last thing I heard it was going off in
February maybe I really honestly don't
even think this thing is going to go off
it really sucks for the astronauts
because they've been training training
and training to training and training
and then it just keeps even push back
and when you had like a big test or
something really extreme the the
anticipation just before it is always
the worst and then you must feel really
like relieved best example would be when
I did skydiving when I jumped out of a
plane if you do not see when Ali and I
went skydiving I put up with the links
in the sub are you can watch both of us
go skydiving going like on the plane
waiting a couple hours before going that
was probably worse than actually jumping
out of the plane just kind of ramble but
bottom line is I'm in the way sorry the
big old tractor just made me move that's
why I got distracted on the other side
on the good news is actually really
really really awesome news I remember a
couple weeks ago I mentioned that we may
or may not be having our t-shirts and a
specific store nationwide called hot
topic well the good news is yes internet
killed television t-shirts a special
edition t-shirt can now be bought at Hot
Topic stores and hottopic.com for
international ones i want the CTFxC i
want you guys to take over your local
malls i want you if you can possibly go
to your hot topic store and see if they
have it if you don't want to buy it
that's cool if they don't have it go up
to the nice lady with the nose ring and
the purple hair and ask her if she can
order the internet killed television
t-shirt they should be able to order it
and then that way there's like a giant
demand and the CTFxC can take over the
malls this year and for everybody who
buys the shirt either on their comm
hottopic.com or in the store if you send
me a picture I'll let you know in a
couple days where but if you send me a
picture wearing the new t-shirt I will
send you personally we're having made
stickers and buttons made from our
personal savings and I will personally
send you guys a sticker and a button for
everybody who buys one of the new
special edition t-shirts and that'll be
kind of art like thank you for you know
not only supporting us with this new
t-shirt as well as you know Christmas
and sticking with us and stuff like that
so if you can please go to your local
hot topic see if they have the shirt if
you can't x 1 x 2 x 20 i'll send you 20
buttons I guess I I guess that's fair if
you buy 20 shirts you get 20 buttons I
guess that the cool thing is if you go
they don't have it in the store just ask
them and they'll order it and bring it
into the store and then then then it'll
be in the store I know it kind of sounds
corny but this is kind of like one of
those goals I had in life you know to
have a t-shirt in a mainstream store and
thanks to you guys that actually is
happening so that is really really
awesome and I can't thank you guys
enough so you guys know more exactly how
to get the free button and the free
shirt and what the design is and
everything like that but I just wanted
to let you know that the shirts are now
in hot topic at hottopic.com just search
on their website to search internet
killed television it should pop up what
are you doing I'm tired I see your
eyeball time to get a haircut I'm not
gonna look like a hobo anymore i first
got rid of the beard and now it's time
to get rid of the hobo hair so no more
hobo riffic pneus the excited tonight
shouldn't get them all in yeah about a
fauxhawk i want you i want to shave my
head if i don't get 10,000 comments I'm
going to shave my head I'm seriously
gonna shave my head dress not ten
thousand comments down there that's
backwards you said it backwards about
what that means that no one's gonna
comment on the video because you said if
there aren't 10,000 comments I will
shave my head okay so the opposite of
what I choose ten thousand comments I
won't shave my head for ten thousand
comments I will shave my head I'm not
gonna shave my head for all of the
climbers in the world people just not
comment cuz they want you to shave your
head guys want to you would let me shave
my head actually people probably like
comment don't comment say shit you have
to be 10,000 don't comments that'd be
pretty funny that would actually be
pretty epic
hahaha hairs sticking to the sea is
attic yeah it's funny weights Terry
there it's so funny tada now I am no
longer a hobo what do you think look
good a good thumbs up thumbs down I
don't think it sums up thinking thumbs
up do you think you like it
oh she's read into the wall she loved it
yeah she's so excited she can't even
hold still hey she even loves that she
really does she always goes right into
my I know it's so funny thank you you
can't chop you gotta walk into you ready
like that yeah you just smacked your
butt into the thing okay slander but
right into the shelf I love how she's
like oh door with the kitty it's like
it's like a huge escapade in case you
guys haven't noticed every single time
we come home it's a party it worked I
turn around and this is what Ali's yeah
she's using her nose to type weather
good job okay this is more of a
challenge after type Tallahassee I have
to keep one eye closed last time i did
it in one go up messed up
but I can't tell you how strange that
actually did you really just do it look
oh wow that's that's your talent right
there see you know what all you people
making fun of big noses look what you
can do when you have a big nose and
tight and it is 47 degrees what it feels
like 42 wait wonder you're such a baby
with this like cold weather so we were
leaving and one of our neighbors walks
why I was like oh I really like her
jacket I'm like yeah you know she gets
really cold and apparently her vet told
her to get a jacket for her dog so she
says what I can say now that the reason
why Marley has to wear a jacket is it's
a prescription jacket that's her
prescription jacket right there okay oh
look we're twins hey Eskimos wait what
eskimo kisses you guys ever heard of
that way I do we have any Eskimos we
have any Eskimo viewers I don't think so
how did you get a splinter yeah baby
stop stop stop stop I'll get it why
splinters ha and me just don't mix oh
you fall for it every time fine get the
fuck away from me that's the cold rather
I'm like the dogs I just get hyper and
just like her huh I'll get you splinters
all of your facehole oh yeah I really
did get splinter Megan I'll make you get
one
is it an ass yeah oh and here's my oh my
was gonna get it oh jeez it is making
but I got it Marley drunk she's not
having it that's the story of Marley's
life stop eating that marley
good job Zoe those our heads here we go
again with zombie campus there's nobody
I just drop the camera I feel like
running down the hallway and screaming
my head off I wonder like if I would
scare people if I did that the amber
glow of FSU okay it's literally freezing
outside I am wearing so many layers of
clothing and going to the library to
study for Italian good student literally
just saw a girl in a t-shirt booty
shorts and flip-flops and I've got my
keys like this I get an email like every
other day saying somebody gets attacked
on campus so gonna be careful got you
something that you've been working so
hard oh what'd you get whoo I could
literally drink this by the time you to
stop likes tumblr the aki milk as my
aunt calls it aki milk chocolate milk I
can't thought that means here ah q aqui
well I mean no it's not Spanish words oh
that's right aqui yeah good job whoo
thank your aki milk aqui
you guys are so weird you realize how
weird you both are you're so strange
hey where's baby at sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
West with trust raphy an ally
you
