o.m.g really totally unprepared for this
right now nobody only the windows opened
last night guess how cold it is guess
how cold it is yeah I agree huh 231 why
are you doing it is freezing today well
for me it's freezing i woke up i mean i
showed you it's 31 degrees this morning
you know probably not to anybody other
than people in florida also i'm certain
minded today i walked all the way down
to a parking lot and then realized it
wasn't the one where i parked my car hey
Miley you dreaming hey were you chasing
a rabbit that's pretty creepy you're
right okay
so pretty on campus today so I have a
semester of college left and when I'm
about to graduate I'm gonna go take a
picture right there get my cap and gown
it's gonna be so nice that's kind of
like a tradition I guess you could
picture in front of Wescott and also
that's the found that you get thrown in
with your birthday thinking like maybe I
shouldn't drive Charles's car anymore a
lot of bad stuff happens when I do I'm
so cold I so not used to this I'm lookin
for a jacket can going to hopefully
going to the premiere of tirana no I I
need a jacket what we found outside by
the way hello okay so I found this very
funny I was just on stairs in the
perfume department and I heard this lady
say Oh would you like to smell the Gucci
oh is that not funny she's like would
you like to smell the Gucci again would
you like that guess who stole my car
again huh yeah I'm talking look at daddy
and there's a little run in the shoulder
there are all these little like beads on
the on the side and there's like a
little piece oh there's like a little
piece that's my angry face so we don't
know what to do so this is dress number
one what do we think of this one tell us
in the comments what you think it's
frustrating cuz it's on sale oh that's
my phone I don't know that's a tough
call because it looks so cute okay next
dress we're a little I don't know we're
a little iffy on this one I feel like it
makes her look too large in the top
region that yeah I get your little you
look a little fluffy are up there than
you're already of course frustrating
seriously I know this seems ridiculous
but it's a dilemma she's graduating from
the film school and it's so exciting
yeah so we're looking for a dress right
now for a graduation and it is a big
deal guys it is a big deal I know it
seems silly guys don't understand girl
shopping and all that Jack orchid
okay so every year well before I went
Valencia I used to take a picture with
this lovely lady and all of those people
sitting right there we literally just
ran into the people that we always think
of Chris's picture with and they were
here doing it and we totally totally
forgot to come we're bad people I went
into hot topics try and find our shirt
and it's not in here all the other
YouTube shirts are in here ours isn't
but we'll come back we're checking the
shirts are going to be released really
soon hot topic so look for them the
lighter version is Zozo
all the light
can't wait for Christmas I'm so excited
I don't know actually that's a good
question it's that way you do the
wishing go ahead
oh my god
it's informing it on the middle
okay oh my god what if someone emptied
that out and I'm like a huge diamond and
I would that be crazy because Santa's
whatever that santa slayer what would
you call back later sounds evil drone
this end of thrown down there Santa
Santa left Oh SAS tired he's gonna be
busy it's over now I'm still dancing hey
so I know you haven't seen very much
meat today I know it's been a a li
ali-girl day vlog the girls shopping
spree Ali wins with data to get I guess
dress for her and Ali wanted to get a
jacket cuz we might be going to
California and then maybe something for
New Year's up north not a shopper not a
shopper who knew right see the thing is
I can handle one girl shopping but if
you throw on another girl no there's
it's outnumbered I'm instantly
outnumbered so today is going to be my
lazy vlogs and actually I haven't been
being lazy i was editing the zombie the
doctor zombie video and getting all the
merch because i don't know did they
actually tell you guys this is such a
busy last couple weeks um I can't
remember yesterday well anyway um the
merch is coming this week so I will be
mailing that all out before we leave for
California I mean I've been getting all
the labels in the customs forms and
being really good at being productive
productive even though it's a lazy day
I'm a productive day and then they
haven't they've been sleeping all day
I was like steady central right now I
should be doing hella freezing's that's
I've had a really good idea I might tell
you about later it's it's it's really
this exciting thing that I'm hoping
she'll do for us um for our wedding next
year cuz i think we're probably gonna be
getting married next november we gonna
go look at some wedding venues and
really actually decide one uh coming
this winter like this winter break just
so exciting i can't believe it you had
this really great idea to make like a
really cool video where you guys really
get to know us cuz i know you know us
but you know where we you know get to
tell you about us as people like where
we grew up and who we who our friends
were and what we did when we like and we
don't like and all kind of stuff like
that so I'm just finishing up everything
right here about to go to sleep ally
you're doing it work look at your you're
looking at zombie shaun of the dead were
just like walks out see I don't I don't
I got this looks like i did this I'm not
kidding I am not kidding I did not do
this I did not do this no I did not do
this that is ridiculous I think that's
yeah oh hi We're but to but it's warm
you're fun that is why I like honestly
creates this like gasps of warming a
warming gas is global warming this is
where global warming has happened no
offices like ninety percent of the
methane production in the world it's
like sometimes we'll cover them but like
literally if there's pillows and a
blanket they'll figure out how to get
underneath it and do this yeah there's a
weasel and then Zoe just ridiculous that
is ridiculous so I'm gonna go to bed
guys I'll see you tomorrow and thank you
you can you know in the in the comments
just say short vlog is short you failed
blah blah blah for a short vlog I guess
we're allowed to have a short of a short
day a resting day it was a boy
all right ha ha die look punjah babe hey
ready fast this is what happens when
your finger toes oh my oh my god did you
seriously just make that o.m.g three and
I'm oh I'm so that's all that's all I
gotta do my life is complete you two
can't wait to see what you did to
it's coming over hardly wait
a worthy yet sexy
Getty withdrawal trippy and alli
trippy and alli don't forget to eat more
