hey guys good morning I forgot the
camera upstairs but I just wanted to
show you it's about seven o'clock in the
morning we're getting ready to go to the
zombie shoot and I just wanted to show
you how cold is right now there's ice
all over the leaves and grass yay yay
for coldness that's cute
so we're currently getting ready to go
head over to Ben's house
he's currently getting is zombified he's
getting all this zombie latex and makeup
up and it's really kind of funny because
it's I think it's like seven or eight
and I think it's way early for these
guys cuz I don't even know where half
the other one is oh there's the other
half alright so this is going to totally
make you jealous and I'm going to
apologize now but just prepare for
jealousy to overwhelm you look at that
is a red velvet donut right there I know
you're jealous I know I'm jealous of the
dumbest of sitting in my lap cuz I want
to get them all
we got Joe doing the makeup and there's
our zombie and we just want to pan over
here and see if you guys recognize this
book kittens
that's a YouTube video I don't know if
you guys have seen kittens by inspired
by kittens we do why would he ever look
like smell delicious it's not a photo
it's actually video do some bases do
some faces there we go we got chris is
the doctor it's actually looking pretty
legit actually I don't doctor stuff he's
scared that's indeed Oh a little flap up
there why would you write that in salmon
cool fool what a plight yeah what a play
that is ami
all right so we're getting ready to
shoot this is the official behind the
scenes of zomb a surgeon right a surgeon
we can so meta
the Internet's gonna love this their
minds just exploded inception times
infinity we need one more camera with
the iPhone we need a lot of people going
down this entire hallway holding cameras
ever being on Sylvia
are we moving back within this time
we're moving back without the without
the chair rolling chair this we are I'm
gonna make sure if you just like true
pain just just saying just clear the
path I'm in the shot well you will be in
five seconds
is this are you having problems because
of your phobia zombies is a surfing it's
all very professional look at doctors on
Bay look at the lengths he goes to to do
this job right and it's actually pretty
crazy it does look like a hospital yeah
it's just like yeah it's okay just a
medical condition a group of kids just
walked into the hallways and that's
terrifying for kids more than because I
feel like Chris should just go up and be
like listen it's okay I'm a doctor he
just had some gangrene all over his face
it's fine
hi big head he looked right at the
camera as often nobody just walked in
and Ben is obviously painted really
scary and the little girl in the front
they were like four or five kids I heard
a little girl walk through the doorway
and she looks back at her mom we just
finished up at location one basically
the hospital which wasn't a hospital at
all
movie magic anyway so we're going to
break for lunch and then we're
my house and we're gonna film the other
side of the hospital because we were
actually trying to use an actual
hospital room but that requires a couple
weeks and literally Ben came up with
this idea like two or three days ago so
we're kind of doing last-minute by the
way if you're not following Ben or Chris
on their YouTube and Twitter please go
check them out they are now part of the
CTFxC production team they're gonna be
doing a lot more videos with us their
links are in the sub bar so spread the
CTFxC love and show them that we are
caring militia army nation which I don't
know we're a friendly militia we're a
family more yeah this is not right
Ali's driving such a girl girls can't
drive no no you have the GPS well you
have the direction of MapQuest in 1999
oh yeah I think it was and I remember
using and it was always wrong and high
five if you got that really bad joke
what do you call a cow with no legs
steak ground beef yeah I was close
I was close though those are some sexy
scrubs yeah I would trust you more than
the actual nurse you see your laser so
this is gonna be the operating operating
table where doctors on zombie sorry I
keep saying around yeah and that's our
kitchen table because the drum unit
three in one of the tapes okay skip
that's gonna be up see how many
continuity errors you can find so the
brain has worked delicious delicious
this is actually turning out to be a
very it started off as being really
corny and goofy and it just turned 180
to grow sness in it pretty much I mean
I'd say it's mostly splatter humor yeah
if you like Evil Dead there we go right
now doesn't he look like Bruce Campbell
he's got the Bruce Campbell thing
seriously what oh that's fine that's
good don't worry guys it's not a real
zombie but I am ty says let me diagnose
your illness neckwear machine wash cold
machine wash Oh what do you want
attention now now that is not a zombie
in the house oh geez hey okay you can
run around all day
yeah can you tell I'm running on a
little little bit of sleep I'm a little
tired let's go let's go run around so
that was a that was a pretty fun shoot
to do actually it's uh it'll be up on
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
probably next week week and a half the
whole merchandise shipping the merchant
next week is gonna kind of push it back
so again as I always remind you if
you're new to this channel and the CTM
XD we have a skit channel youtube.com
slash Charles Trippy so please go check
that out go subscribe and you'll get
notified when we upload that's the
zombie video and for all the old-school
CTFxC r--'s you already knew that you
already knew that see if I can get Ally
Oh get him I get him I get in my mind
good my Oh Duke Master General look at
her get him get him am i go go Marley
yeah you are not fast enough you are not
fast enough for that dog I'm so emo cuz
I'm tired and cranky I'm so sleepy I
just want to go home and sleep but I
ain't got to have a hankering for frozen
yogurt are you hungry
I know well you need to tell Ali to stop
stopping when Ben was getting his makeup
on he started playing this movie the
Scott Pilgrim movie I honestly thought
this movie was going to suck to be
honest with you and we watched the first
maybe quarter or first half of it movie
was amazing that's why we went and just
bought it now so I'm gonna watch that
tonight fill out some merch envelopes
for Tuesday and kind of fall asleep
maybe I'll start editing because I
really want to look at that footage the
footage I think is gonna be this video
is going to be fun if you like if you
like friendly zombies or I should say
bays you'll like this Ben and Chris are
the best like little improv actors that
I've worked with they're so funny and so
quick so hopefully before they graduate
and move to LA and become big film film
studio makers we can film some more
CTFxC videos hopefully you guys like it
dance dance your turn
where's baby at sex
giddy with child trippy
with trippy an early
