hey guys how's it go I'm bleeding who's
that my toes bleeding that's so weird
that was kind of weird he guys like my
awesome sandal tan I work I worked very
hard to get that sandal tan so I'm just
gonna eat a delicious spinach and turkey
and provolone sandwich you're jealous
I know it's delicious on five green
bread no less and I gotta go find a
bunch more costumes for the video or you
guys want to see how better yes doesn't
that look so weird it's like oh you guys
hungry
yeah help yourself to whatever's in the
fridge oh just yeah it's a bringing
don't mind that just keep just keep
going we're going on a bear hunt
I'm not afraid it's a beautiful day
oh oh grass tall wavy grass we can't go
over it we can't go under it we'll have
to go through it swish swish swish go to
the woods I always think with that song
like going on a bear hunt I think it's
what it's just called and my aunt used
to sing it to me my sister all the time
when we were really little I just
there's no reason it just popped into my
head it was like the corniest song but
it's kind of funny how like the the
corny stuff really sticks with you for
the rest of your life kind of thing
right we just got an email and I'm sorry
I thought there was a bear behind me and
I got good news
guess where we're going to saw it
December actually next week we're gonna
go to the Tron movie premiere we got
invited by Disney to go film the red
carpet at the Tron premiere dude are you
doing your poop dance that what it is
looks like a dinosaur when she does that
and then we're gonna be out there we're
just gonna stay from I guess the 12 to
the 13th and we're gonna go do the
project for awesome live show if you
don't know what the project for awesome
is it's the vlogbrothers
and it's a big giant like charity event
and this year's gonna be bigger than
ever because their acts
do a live show and with a bunch of your
favorite youtubers and it's gonna be on
the front page of YouTube for like five
hours or four hours like a live show on
the front page of YouTube I'm actually
really really really excited to go to
the Tron movie premiere cuz you know
Tron is just a badass movie altogether
and you know the dudes in there so it's
gonna be amazing
we're going on a bear hunt we're gonna
catch a big one
I'm not afraid it's a beautiful day
uh-oh mud thick Scrushy mud we can't go
over it we can't go under it we have to
go through it
squish squish Oh gasps okay so I lied
look a cave a big scary cave we can't go
over it we can't go under it we have to
go through it quick tiptoe tiptoe wait
what's this I see oh my gosh two big
ears two big guys one wet nose it's a
bear nice back to the house up the
stairs
quick under the covers we're safe from
our bear hunt adventure I swear I'm not
going crazy this is why I love vlogging
in public all sort of public in the
woods in public public eye I know what
it is it's the cold weather every time
it gets cold I get really really hyper
it's just like it's funny cuz Zoe does
the same thing every time it gets cold
she starts like romping around a lot
more cold weather rocks I want to move
to like New York or something
should I moved in New York meok I think
if I did that New York the pike kill me
there you guys are
where'd you go get out of the ditch I
turn around for five seconds innards
just like disappears luckily Marley's
white naked fear so I was reading in the
comments in yesterday's video about my
camera you know the pixels and the baby
mafia video you guys are still trying to
find a lot of you found him but a bunch
of you guys are still trying to find it
a couple of you guys suggested doing
this basically opening the sensor
manually holding it upside down with the
cap on and letting it remap itself so
I'm doing it right now and once I stop
talking to you I'm going to take a photo
and see if we can actually fix this
pixel situation I really hope so in the
next couple videos we shoot on Saturday
we'll have the same thing and you guys
can see if you can find it again
alright fingers crossed alright just to
the photo holy I think that actually
worked
seriously thank you thank you guys for
being so technologically awesome oh that
saves me like two weeks well my camera
so Ally just got home okay well I want
to test the video and the following is
going to be a video clip and see if you
can oh those who actually know where it
is see if it's still there so I'm gonna
cut to that footage and see if you guys
can see it cuz I can't and you guys
might have better let her vision me
alright do you guys see it anywhere I
think it was right around here on the
thing so I don't know do you see it I
can't all right
nice
all right well okay I'm just gonna film
into darkness now and see if people
could see it now that was creepy Ali's
going to show you her little trick that
she learned from her grandmother it's
actually kind of funny I was like whoa
that's actually this is the end result
right here yeah wait what yeah right dad
see it's like a little wine glass my
grand my dad's mom taught me she was
just really creative with everything
like she saw an opportunity to make
something cute out of literally
everything in the world and this is the
best example ever because this also
means you get to eat candy so I loved
making these with her because it meant
that we got to eat a bunch of candy so
you just take any standard candy wrapper
can be a Hershey's kiss anything really
just a wrapper like this you start by
eating the candy I don't feel that's
necessary
then you take just you just take the
flat part of your nail you start at the
center and you start making like little
lines out from the center it basically
just ironing it essentially I'm actually
a pressure meeting with chocolate now
and talking put pressure from your nail
actually flattens out the foil okay so
basically the end result is nice and
smooth really flat smooth is the babies
of the winnaman bottom exactly when you
put it on your pinky up to your knuckle
okay so once you have that wrapped
around then you basically just pinch the
bottom where the tip of your pinky
finger is and you twist it and then you
take the bottom part and you flatten it
down there now you can impress people
while you're eating candy now you could
be like mom I'm being creative I did a
bad job on the bottom but I kind of
goofed on that I might not stand up and
just actually can you drink oh yeah do
you guys have some I mean kids loved it
I loved it when I was little they're
teaching kids I have something to
confess no lights on
I have something to confess I broke my
tripod
I was twirling it like a baton and I
broke it what no no I didn't I was using
it properly and it didn't break at all I
got a new tripod for this weekend and
these like coupons do you say coupons or
coupons what do you say I think I
sometimes say coupons coupons I don't
know I don't know what do you guys ever
say coupons or coupon I know it's coupon
what's the same thing is like caramel
and caramel sometimes but some people
say caramels some people's in caramel oh
I gotta take this I'm sorry guys
important
it's cool it's like the cool little
tripod look it's like a it's a Steadicam
alright so yesterday we made the little
jello brain as I said right there but
the thing is I don't think this looks
like a real brains too it's too red you
don't I mean oh look at it losing so our
good friend Andrew apparently his mom
may made one of these just recently for
Halloween so we are going to try it now
with peach instead of the strawberry and
maybe we'll see which one looks better
I'll let you guys decide decide which
which color looks better so I'll start
that now you guys want to hear something
funny when I was in elementary school I
used to always try to think of like
little schemes or something I don't know
this isn't really a scheme or scam but I
used to always think of ways to make
money so are you used to I'm not no jugs
this is really funny I used to buy jello
packs like like you know just break a
gel packs like this and then what I
would do is I'd add sugar just like you
would make jello or kool-aid or whatever
episode was bugging you and then I will
put it in little baggies I'm not kidding
I put him in a little baggie and
measured it out put it in little baggies
and I would sell it to the kids
basically it was like I was selling
drugs but it was really funny as I made
a killing I mean by killing I probably
made like 5 bucks but after like a 7
year old a 6 7 year old that's pretty
good
do you know that I was a sugar peddler
it was a sugar dealer I was a sugar
dealer I know
wait
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
it would be an ally don't forget
