hey mountain man what he can shave today
hey i don't know if i should them do you
think you don't do it off I don't know
I've got to be kind of attached
physically dude I don't know
oh you know what I'm gonna leave it up
oh I just ate some of it okay know what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna let the I
think I'm gonna let the internet beside
the yes in the comments if I should keep
it no if I should get rid of it I think
I have to either have to go all the way
or not at all I forgot what is this
ain't his beers like a squeegee that's
what it's like it is finally come when I
can shave my beard I feel like a hobo
where's why could that might be bad i
don't know where my razor is okay come
out i'm kind of sad i'm gonna do in the
highest setting just work my way down
okay not that long so gonna say Val not
pushy can still happen it's as long as I
thought it was I don't think that's
enough you can barely even tell I just
couldn't do it this year I can't shave
it off but look that's how much I like
took off that is crazy and disgusting
i'm sorry i just showed you that I think
we keep it like this kind of like it's
kind of like it's kind of the mini
shaycarl that's what i call this is like
the mini shade Carl outside not as big
not as manly I'm kind of like the mini
the mini beard I don't know I kind of
like it do you think Holly's got a big
presentation to do and she's super
nervous oh it's not be nervous oh ok
fine i was trying to have people
motivate you and say not to be nervous
but you're brushing your teeth it is
utterly beautiful outside today it is so
add last few days it's really funny
because I remember being freezing for
black friday last year in Tallahassee
and it's been warm up until today
December first and it's freezing so I'm
pretty stoked see Marley's got her a
little sweater on that's how you know
it's cold exactly God you sit like a
little perv
don't even buy there goes ready
we're gonna go
I was reading through the comments of
yesterday and people feel that you have
broken the law listening to Slayer
should be I mean not listening this
layer should be illegal therefore you
have broken the law I think a lot of
people i think a lot of you guys were
thoroughly disappointed and upset with
that but you need to apologize to all
the metal heads right now hold on you're
blurry right I gotta fix this now you
can sincerely apologize now that you are
they can clearly see your face apologize
oh the fine there we go
the stop sign around
rapper
are you from stop light see I'm safe see
this is when I started getting a little
upset with Pandora they play Awesome
Slayer songs and then they play
metallica and now now it's my turn to
upset some fans but I I'm not a fan of
Metallica I think their attitude dear
you know I think their attitude needs to
be checked at the door and the songs
need to be not 13 minutes long music
yeah Lars why don't you go soon apster I
was like a best line at all right well
I'll is in class I'm going to go meet up
with a friend of mine his name's Ben
he's actually a film student and Alan
I've been talking to it for a very long
time ago like about trying to make some
videos with him like some more skits I
promise you guys more skits on the
charles river channel i like to think
that we're keeping our promise a little
bit at least once a month I'd like to do
more so because i really i really truly
miss making skits on that channel I mean
cuz that was where I started and I
definitely don't want to forget about
that channel and I'm definitely not
gonna forget about you guys over here
but in honestly you should be awesome
right now but we should all be one on
both channels and then I gotta take that
little guy back I want to take him back
yesterday but I didn't have the cap
because they apparently don't want
anything like no lenses no batteries or
anything and I didn't have a cat for my
lens so I'm actually pretty surprised a
lot of you guys went over on the baby
mafia video and managed to find a little
dead pixel you don't know I'm talking
about one of our pixels on this camera
there's dead it's alright p little pixel
could really see it on the baby mafia
video if you if you haven't found it you
can go to baby mafia and see if you can
find it but a lot of you guys have
actually found it so i'm really i'm
quite impressed because I thought I mean
I look at the footage all the time and
really you know full frame and
everything I didn't think that you guys
would find out an export and things like
that but you guys are super sleuths
little liberal sherlock holmes is homies
sherlock homies there we go that's kind
of clever just get out of the little
meeting with Ben and Chris and it looks
like it's gonna be awesome we're going
to actually shoot two videos this
weekend we're going to do two videos
sort of Charles Trippy channels so it's
really good they have a lot of awesome
ideas that think you guys are going to
lie
so if you want to welcome Ben and Chris
to the CTFxC team their twitter is right
here on the screen so I want you guys to
go follow them and say welcome to the
CTFxC team I think they're gonna they're
gonna bring a lot of Awesome videos ever
since I was little I used to always do
this by rock hi guys draw have something
on lies that I don't think she'll do I
have anything anything at all I know
sometimes I act like a kid I'm sorry
actually you know what take that back
i'm not sorry i hope when i'm sixty i
still act like I'm 26 that's what I
prize that's what I really hope I would
I was younger I used to always get
really sad when I saw older people
acting like like oh you have to be very
mature you can't laugh you can't have
fun screw that look at people like Shay
look at people like nulls I mean like
look at these people they're they're
older people and make sure he's not that
much older than I am but like they're
older people there they have a family
but they're still able to laugh and have
fun and goof around and I hope I hope
when I have kids that they think that
I'm as cool as I think I am if that
makes any sense is 60 nerves we're
getting some costumes for the video on
Saturday and we got brain gel oaks I'm a
good one it's gonna be fun I guess mrs.
Claus with big boobs you're gonna guess
who you are you're an elf yeah you're
another elf your big jolly ol you don't
you want to guess I tree nope yep your
reindeer
and you're another your legs then else
now here's your star oh I guess I think
it's perfect a coffee my coffee with
side side side do you say make me a
sandwich we're trying to phone we're
trying to a hot Frappuccino we're trying
to find a nurse costume for the video
Saturday but this is what I'm noticing
I'm noticing it's a lot harder to find
play wat there's a girl behind me look
at this guy whoa they are this is
something I've noticed it's a lot easier
to find a slutty nurse costume verse a
respectable nurse costume but I
perspective on nitrogen fuck mares yeah
I know but I'm just we're trying to find
just a respectable nurse costume and
it's all like look at my boobies oh
thank you yeah a baby tree that was
killed before its prime oh really that's
how we're that's how we're gonna be but
you want a baby tree
that's so cute brains brains we just got
some stuff to make some brain jello no
I'm gonna dance you know what I'm gonna
get in the car oh all right all right
baby it's only 47 degrees oh really only
ok so i take that back it actually is
kind of cool it just dropped another 10
degrees like i had i had to get my
gangsta hoodie is my gangster hoodie
come on you guys hurry up do your dog
stuff I'm being a big baby and it's like
38 degrees here in Florida so I want to
play a game with you guys I want to see
where the coldest residents of a CTFxC
air is so tell me right now right now
how cold is it right where you're at if
any one of you guys are from Antarctica
I think you might have the cultist you
might you might automatically get a
winning winning thumbs up right there
what I'm trying to edit here what's your
deal oh thanks thank God for magnetic
plugs oh can you guys tell I've been on
a total metal kick the last couple days
I know guilty as charged so as you can
assume I worry about her when she gets
really stressed out because I mean she's
a different person she don't tell her I
told anybody this she's a temper ssin
when one little thing stresses her out
there's run away so I've been trying to
keep her calm and you know let her know
she like I said she got named she she
said this is that this is why she's so
adorable she thinks she's gonna fail all
the time like every single class every
single paper she thinks she's gonna fail
and then she gets her papers and she get
days she's like a great student very
smart long story short I just wanted to
say thank you I know I say that seems
like I'm saying that a lot but honestly
it's true because you guys understand
that there's low points vlogging every
single day and you know there's amazing
points and I'm glad you guys appreciate
that support it and are just all-around
awesome I'm not pandering I swear to you
on that pandering I genuinely feel very
privileged to have you guys as our
viewers turns down you guys oh you know
what I like you guys so much that I'm
not gonna sing that's that's how much I
like you if I didn't like you I'd be
singing right now okay so you guys know
I don't usually promote iphone apps
unless I really think they're cool the
guy who made our CTFxC iphone app which
by the way if you don't have it's
totally free just do CTFxC in the App
Store you can download for your iphone
or still work on the android version but
he made a thing called type can and i
want to show this because i showed at
the alley it's just like oh you would
know what that's for because I've always
on the phone so basically it's a camera
see like it uses the camera in the back
see and you can type nice which we
switch the camera a little bit so you
can be walking see I'm walking right now
and typing at the same time look there's
alley right there hi
oh wait I'll walk around no it's really
it's a clever thing and if you guys want
to go check it out i'll put a link in
the sub R it's called type cam it would
it's cool because you're supporting the
guy who actually made the CTFxC app
which he released for free for everybody
I just don't do it while driving it's
it's such a clever idea this is so funny
to me I don't know why yeah this is what
I do that looks so good you gotta try it
Marley shake shake mar okay sit you're
gonna try it on sit so we stand good
girl don't you don't want to all right
okay but that much right on okay sit
good job all right here's test one with
our brain for our video probably going
to screw this up so delicate does that
look like a brain is a brain color I
feel like it needs to be like more gray
but I don't know me like grey jello all
right
internet we have a problem it's show Ali
Ali would you like some brains does that
look good looks really cool it's heavy
it's really heavy geez all right i want
to make brain number two what this
smelly like barf given really
see what you did to
are the waiter
we're CTFxC
giddy with y'all tripping
we're crazy
with chakra p and Harry
orly
you
