oh my god make it stop you want to hear
what I woke up to listen to this we loud
turn your speakers down just a little
bit right here comes
ok so i guess what they're doing is
they're sandblasting i don't know why
i'm sorry i'm probably going dude that
was so loud i took the dogs go to
bathroom and I've never seen marley
scoot as much as she did and now look
she just ran up and now she's still
sitting on a pillow that's good guess
that's your pillow now good morning
I just had to film this my somebody put
something in my view that will not fit
out the door I can't get it out Rob
hello mundo I have an insomnia dolly
today and italiano and I'm a little
nervous
so that the loudest noise you've ever
experienced after that now that is hands
down probably most excruciating loudest
noise I've ever heard of my entire life
shut your whore on the phone you shut
your face every time you I feel that if
I yell like this you guys can hear me
better okay I'm speaking in a normal
hotel but in all seriousness you
screaming on the phone them yeah well no
actually I i I'm not as bad as some
people but two things no the thing is my
phone is so bad like the iphone it
doesn't have the greatest like call
clarity on the car and boy our way I
think it's cuz you're on speakerphone
alot well that's yeah that's yeah
exactly so I mean that's that's why I
yell sure well she shares a lot person
he's got that booming radio man voice oh
my god car oh did you tell them what
happened to our car today oh no so I one
God you have a camera you could you
could vlog you know like to know I was
going to I was so mad when it happened i
didn't i didn't want to film no I really
was so pissed I I couldn't even get the
camera out I was sitting in my car for
actually this car Charles car
technically earlier today this person
pulled into the spot next to me really
close to my car and all of a sudden I
hear this like slam and like what the
hell and I look in my side mirror and
the person had slammed their car door
into my door getting out of their car
and like I just didn't say anything
because I would need somebody today
totally she shows scissor kick them
looked and I looked back in the girl saw
me and she went
bag stuck under a car I don't know I'm
filming this as a thought it was funny
we ready
it's mike in popped up base like that
glabrous you
oh she's janick gers player
what what get on the car get out of the
car now go get in the car banana near
better for me pamprin a tener burnham 4p
bear fan in an air is it still going on
I'd to ask him they won't stop they're
still going it's still really loud isn't
it oh my god Paul punch ow ow t minus
nine hours and counting oh no I'm still
debating should I I just whistled as I
said should uh cursing as you can tell
they are going on like seven hours of
that noise and I'm going insane you guys
wanna go to the park or something 5433
what you're such a lefty you always
punch through the left foot three well I
don't know why you hate three so much
okay let's go see so we like Slayer ya
Ali doesn't like it very much pleased to
what are you doing you always do this
you want that birdie want to go check
them out what is it a seal I think he's
hurt I think he's hurt no he's not hurt
he's lazy oh my gosh that birds floating
demon bird wait wait don't leave me
don't leave me like check it out it's
like a frickin Beach like crazy there's
not look at this it looks like it's
snowed everything is all white it
actually looks kind of cool so I gotta
take back the 7d to best buy today when
I was editing yesterday's video the baby
mafia video I noticed a dead pixel yeah
I'm not gonna tell you guys where it is
because if I do you'll see every single
time but I will say if you can find it
uh you are officially amazing because
it's really small but now that I've seen
it it bugs me so if you want to see if
you can find a go watched baby mafia
video and see if you can find a little
tiny white speck you're most likely
notice it during the dark scenes but if
you find it tell me tell me where it is
on the pitcher and I want to see if
anyone actually can find it so luckily I
have the extended warranty so i can take
this guy back and hopefully get another
one see a dead pixel is like literally
one pixel one little tiny little dot but
once you've seen it you see it every
single time it could be the most bright
it it could be the brightest seen and
you'll still see it every single time so
annoying hey do you remember when the
weed was hard to find what is that look
at this
you're racist dance to this hardcore
music that's shaken what the little
wiener dogs names Brutus that just like
to think of like meet I don't know why
Brutus yeah they say they can meet make
me maybe because I makes me make a
bratwurst watch I don't know yeah weird
it's like it the kind of sand that's
like probably two there maybe an inch
and a half I had to go to another chance
a meeting okay there's some acrobatic
hello wave I true youtube check yeah ja
where are you from on this Honda nice
and what are you studying sku condo
g'day I don't know hey what's your name
that's me God see me I got your name
thank the sky I'm Ali hello hey what's
up where I think where are you from I'm
from Japan that's really cool yeah guys
are so cool thank you so much ok so I
have something to admit I think I just
had a revelation about shopping and
girls so I was in publix and I looked
and I saw this girl with a pair of Tom's
on and they were sparkly and kind of
brownish copper colored and immediately
the first thought that came into my mind
is oh my gosh that's a pair of shoes
that would perfectly match the bag that
i just bought so I feel like what
happens is girls subconsciously by
accessories that they know they kind of
want to tie together like you know
whatever whatever girls buy a bag or you
know a pair of shoes they have to find
the other item to match it so if i buy a
bag it's brown I got to find brown shoes
so I feel like girls have this tactic of
buying an accessory that they know
they're going to have to look for a
matching thing to go with it so that you
can get more stuff i know that i just
explained that in very poor language but
i feel
girls subconsciously shop in pairs of
accessories and I probably shouldn't
admit that to my fiancee I guess it's
kind of raining all right you ready yeah
ready good girl oh my god she's so
stinkin funny I can't even tell you look
at this dog watcher when she pees is
going to be the funniest thing ever
let's just do a quick little pan just in
case it rains inside hey everyone just
in case you missed our video that we
uploaded yesterday on youtube.com /
Charles Trippy you can click right here
and it will take you right to it or
links in the sub bar it's called baby
mafia it's got a girl in a flapper
costume ally a bunch of mobsters and a
baby godfather seriously the kid was
adorable and if you guys like it maybe
we'll do a part 2 I don't know so go
check it out let me know what you guys
think I really hope you like it send it
to all your friends and I will see you
tomorrow goodnight
wait
hey where's the ESX
which all trippy and alli
where's ed
it would be an ally don't forget to eat
you
