good morning guys it is Cyber Monday
whatever that means they are the Monday
after Black Friday and it's often called
as Cyber Monday so what I'm gonna try to
do is because my you know editing in HD
every single day for the daily vlogs and
then the other channel and I've been
doing this for five years my Mac Pro is
kind of its kind of losing all its
memory as you can see I'm kind of I'm
going to show you guys I'm kind of
tapped out as far as harddrive space
right so I have four hard drives in here
right so I need to get some more I want
to get a I want to get some terabyte
hard drives like two terabyte hard
drives are really cheap now but I don't
know if I should go with Western Digital
or Seagate so if you guys have a
recommendation let me know I see if the
thing is I have Western Digital Seagate
and then all these are Seagate in here
and I haven't had a problem but it seems
like all the newer Seagate's are kind of
having problems like with the reviews so
now I'm torn I will put the safety of
all our videos in your hands I mean no
pressure or anything it's just every
single video I've ever made will go on
these things alright so I just finally
finished the song of the after our song
finally after all that time I just took
a long time because I had to record
every part so I'm gonna give you a
little piece or a little taste and you
guys can see and listen but there's no
there's no vocals yet I still gotta
record the vocals she's got a week left
to school and then she can actually
focus on this so alright take a listen
alright ready be gentle I'm going to let
you hear a little bit of it
I think I'm gonna tweak some things make
the sounds a little bit different so
we're guys think is that actually kind
of close to the actual song it's at the
band's called we are scientists and the
song is called after hours if you've
never heard of this song it's actually
one of my favorite songs it honestly
reminds me of Ali and I it's kind of its
kind of our unofficial official song and
we're gonna try to have this out for our
anniversary so be fun so let me know
what you guys think in the comments now
we've got to film a video and do her
audio and now I guess actually I now I
have to finish the video that you guys
will see at the end of this video will
be a link for our new baby mafia video
got a lot of videos I'm feeling pumped
man just like November December is like
very productive very productive I'm
feeling good just by luck I finally
escaped out of my bitch of editing and
it's it's nighttime and it's raining so
it's awesome but um I wanted to I wanted
to talk to you guys about something
today it kind of sucks today sucks
because one of my favorite actors
comedic actors that I grew up with like
thinking about all that my chart you
know those like when you're young you
think about movies that really kind of
like stay with you your entire life
right movies you grew up on right this
actors name is Leslie Nielsen and if you
guys don't know who he is it's this guy
right here right
basically he look like that for like my
entire life I remember I'm looking like
this but is the guy from you know like
the Naked Gun movies basically he was I
grew up on the Naked Gun movies like
that is or was those were or still are I
should say I'm kind of backtracking all
over the place but those movies were
seriously I think what helps shape my
sense of humor like the stupid kind of
only I get it type of humor sometimes I
know you guys get it cuz you're awesome
but you know what I mean like and I
always remember watching when I was like
when I was little I use always watch
these movies with my
when I was really young The Naked Gun
movies and airplane and things like that
you guys don't know of any of these
movies just Netflix um seriously they're
so funny but he died today or I guess it
was yesterday he died technically this
is like a video diary of my life you
know these daily vlogs so when I look
back in ten years I can remember this
day and commemorate him for being
awesome so thank you Leslie Nielsen for
hope
shaping my sense of humor helped giving
me my sense of humor and your movies
will be awesome in my mind forever and I
wanted to ask you guys are there any
actors or movies that you remember when
you were younger that really kind of you
you watch you can watch a billion times
over and over again and you would not
get sick of them like I you have any of
those if so tell me in the comments and
let's share actually you know what let's
do this do that but I also I want to
have like a quota thon basically I want
you guys to tell me your favorite Leslie
Nielsen quote ever in the comments -
don't call me Shirley
yeah that would actually be really cool
so I'm looking forward to reading some
of the awesome quotes and remembering
that awesome actor released in my
opinion you may have sucked in your
opinion but I thought it was hilarious
I can now officially say that I've seen
the coolest thing on the planet I just
saw I'm no joke I just saw two old
ladies fighting in line at the deli
apparently one lady cut in front of
another lady as I'm not I can't make
this up as she was already pastrami the
other will lady wanted to order ham the
other one cut in front of them and they
proceeded to yell back and forth as old
ladies do and it was awesome I finally
saw a fight at a grocery store check
that off my bucket list
as I was leaving Publix I had to get
this this was a it's so fun into this I
think I showed it to you guys a long
time ago but like cheap red wine I mean
you can't really can't really history I
give you buy like a wine right
and it sucks you know it sucks you're
going to get mad but with with the fact
that it's called cheap red wine I mean
if it's if it's bad you kind of expected
it because it's cheap red wine it's kind
of like the same thing with the whole
like decent pizza thing it's like oh by
the way yeah I know
I don't this entire video last couple
days I've been doing this as I'm talking
to you guys it's because it's tricky
I seriously how many games might have
left one day two more days two more days
and then I have a date with this little
thing yeah so yeah two more days was I
been talking about so I was looking at
hard drive so I was trying to think of
like you know how to clear up of my hard
drive and I just found okay I found a
couple of clips that Corey mr. safety SP
films on YouTube filmed while you was
pranking for skits and giggles Ryan Abe
so I'm gonna I'm gonna show you this
next clip is this from prank house this
is almost a month and a half old but I
have to show it to you basically what he
did when he put fake blood all over his
neck he was passed out he was sleeping
hardcore and just watch his reaction he
has no idea what's going on I have to
show it to you I was just like what are
you laughing at and she just almost peed
herself too so this is mr. safety
pranking for skits and giggles it's not
a scarier prank I promise all right you
might want to explain this whole thing
why we do this do you want to explain
the spa Connor yeah like we do spa
Connors that a pinky promising we're
gonna do pinky promise and they were
like well that's not good enough because
everyone does that so we try to come up
with a unique way to like swear to each
other that we were telling the complete
whole truth and nothing but yeah so
instead of like he's looking at the
ceiling
tell me about
dude you alright look like you've been
eating something then go in the mirror
go look in the bathroom dude yeah blood
all over your face yeah dude go in the
bathroom yep that was part of one of the
best pranks of the entire time he had no
idea what was going on he was passed out
hardcore okay so Ali and I were just
looking at the other files I just found
another one I don't think this was
posted anywhere else but uh what is it
what's going on with you double Corey
unhinged an entire door and then put
vaseline on the doorknob so people were
like oh it's you know it's Vaseline on
the doorknob that's a mild inconvenience
watch what just happened this was
actually a pretty good prank and it was
filmed I swear it was not sponsored by
Dr Pepper though
man watching all these things makes me
kind of miss this prank house a little
bit hopefully it comes back I don't
honestly I have no idea what's going on
with it so you punch yourself in the
head how do you do that though you have
your kitty cat
how do you punch yourself in the head
trying to pull her back and she yanked I
brought my hands down she has a kidney
for you she's licking I have a kitty for
you it's kind of morbid that she plays
with a cat the kind of looks like gizmo
and Mo Ellie's being weird oh is that
the atom no oh it's Eve give Zoey Steve
oh man another comedic genius what are
you doing and for the obviously they're
not marbles but I did a quote from home
movies which no one is getting the best
cartoon ever this is what Ali's doing
instead of studying so if you're one of
Ali's professors this is what she's
doing right now your paper topic is not
keeping the interested in academics hey
guys don't mind that that is just Marley
squeaking her toys so I just wanted to
let you guys know that our new skit is
up on youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
it's called baby mafia so go check it
out I was a really fun video to shoot
just click right here
and it'll take you to it otherwise go to
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy I
basically need ideas on how to get
revenge on the the baby Godfather
Godfather so go check it out you guys I
hope you enjoy
yes
with trippy
hurry
