nice ears puppy hear her breathing
lounging around so filming this is the
28th of November which means I only have
a couple days left until no shave
november is done and to be honest with
you I ate my beard I really do like
yesterday was showing you guys how when
I drink something I basically restore my
drinking a camel in my upper lip time
for some Christmas tree shopping what do
you want Daniel should we get a Douglas
fir our Fraser Fir or whatever if
there's any squeals in there this is
like the greatest out this is like the
best smell in the world this is like
fireplaces
where's the boss go now o Christmas tree
o Christmas tree let's not let's try not
to have a repeat of what he had last
year we dropped that on me remember that
last year Ali drop the Christmas tree
like right on my head is that a Fraser
Fir Fraser is that afraid your fur
tossed salad and scrambled eggs you can
do it you can do it I hit faith in you
put your foot yeah they're get one
chance then I'll try to help you look at
that that's a pretty tall tree of course
you do
I got it you got it
are you just gonna stand there with it
it's too big for the huh yeah I feel
manly our needle in my eye
good job
it's a tree hey
those are cousin so a couple weeks ago
when I first got the hero camera what do
you guys suggested this actually blow up
a balloon put it in the water under a
pool and then try to pop it in slow
motion and see what it looks like so I
got some balloons and we're going to try
it that's inappropriate Ali pardon oh
she thinks I'm doing something stop I'm
not Oh see it end up hurt get out of
here to find the rope this is the name
of science Ali is currently rubber
banding a dangerous needle on the end of
a giant screwdriver not that dangerous
it's clean well we want to make it seem
dangerous it's dangerous very dangerous
dangerous needle that we just found on
the street yes mrs. serve the pool needs
to be resurfaced anyway throw it up
throw it out in the middle more I don't
want to throw it it don't it'll be okay
I promise just let it almost rolled oh
my god I have an idea what need more
rope and I'll lower it down duh and then
that way we have a way to pull it out
Hey look at that the lowering of the
weight kind of swing it out a little
more perfect yeah
whoa that was awesome it was really cool
I'll take three was a well I didn't say
anything cheese I always at 3 330 4 330
99 5200 ok Oh her weight went to the
deep end three I saw the weight like
take off well sad news guys I'm looking
at I just imported the footage right now
and I guess it was just too dark so I'm
gonna have to try doing the underwater
popping balloon dinging during the day
because this is like what it looks like
lesson learned make sure do it in the
daytime I think Marley wants to go home
ready to go and magically we're home yes
Oh plus you hold it like in front of
your face like hold it on both sides
like that in front of your face enough
no no they like closer to me
so this asshole is terrorizing our
neighborhood on his motorcycle we're
just trying to get video footage of him
asshole shut up we're trying to sleep
over yeah it's late man your dick gonna
throw e so funny oh my god nice bike bro
looking pretty sick in those leathers
totally matches that's hilarious alright
take off on that thing funny that's so
funny so funny no still gonna use to the
focus on this camera is noob sorry i
call melissa walker with a flashlight
that's really safe
are you even getting I couldn't focus
and magically we're home yes Oh what's
you oh those who haven't seen Star Wars
guess I should have said spoil or 20
years ago both guys I'm just trying to
get the video taking care for Tuesday as
you can tell it's almost four in the
morning it's time for me to go to bed oh
hi you guys look comfortable jeez I wish
you could sometimes sleep as good as
this dog sleeps look at that anyway I'll
see you guys tomorrow get some sleep or
rest or enjoy your day you're watching
this at the beginning to see what you
did
hardly wait
a worthy psst
giddy with y'all trippin
we're qts like
yes would be an ally don't forget to eat
more
you
you
