if 48c and them do this one
we are at the airport
the
gentlemen
welcome back on bed
licks lips
services weekend
Airport heavy rain
there's gonna be long or short
it is good to be home the only thing is
that boy home the pups aren't here so I
got to go rescue Zoe from the clutches
of dimly and Marly apparently Finley and
Marlene are ganging up on jelly a whole
mess right now and then we got to go
pick up diesel and then later today huh
yeah later today we have a surprise
guest coming through a couple days we
got a way for her to get here I'm just
gonna do what I have the human a human
race male or a female I'm gonna go
rescue Zoe mom actually I should say I
was already doing all right
Oh big boy oh boy why I said well that's
right
what's the den oh holy crap hi we got oh
my what do you guys do hi monster
hey twerps hey Mark
hey Joe missed you did know you hanging
out
as you can see Marley got super freaking
tired the second I got there you cool
right there be cool
what can you do it heizo well guess what
happened today they lost my guitar I
don't know what it is about my bass
they just everyone seems to just want to
lose my pity
I don't know and I lost our other two
bags of luggage layer closed oh and they
broke what was called an ex 32 it's our
like monitor system so we can like
change things out here they broke that
so kind of had to deal with that a
little bit the airport if you guys were
confused about the whole like zooming
and like the attempt 1 attempt 2 attempt
3 thing what was going on is there was
so much lightening that we could not
land the airplane like they went to go
and they're like nope can't do it and it
would take off again and then they would
circle
I think they circled and tried to land
three times third attempt they did it as
you cry see Ally was freaking out ally
does not do really well with flying she
gets really like petrified so I'm always
trying to calm her down like especially
on turbulence I was trying to explain if
anyone gets kind of scared with flying
into turbulence think of it as always
explain it think of it as a bumpy road
you can never go down a road and it's
smooth if you think about it going 500
plus miles an hour through air there's
always going to be some bumps like right
now driving the road right now and
there's bumps those little turbulence so
I always try to explain that to her and
I think it helps and hopefully if you
guys are flying and you get scared as
well hopefully that helps as well but it
will have to bet this one was a little
rougher because like going down and
trying to land and then the pilot going
up nope can't land don't worry have
enough fuel if we have to divert to
Orlando we will but we should have
enough fuel saying we should have enough
fuel is not going to reassure three or
four hundred people on an airplane
especially when Ali's freaking out that
one person right there at any rate we
landed we're back at home our bag should
be getting delivered hopefully my base
was in your loft again we don't have any
shows in the next couple days so I'm not
too worried
we do have a road trip ally and I are
going to be taking to Tennessee in the
next couple days so as long as it gets
delivered before then that I'll be cool
with it
that's a good idea there though do this
I'll be right back come on just a little
bit okay there's a little bit okay don't
wake me up don't you step on me or wake
me up humor Marley's ears rhyme if they
aliens or they go up and then I hear
some like food okay cookie what are you
on the side of the foot
once you see Marley fears do that you
can't unsee it very mark right okay
everywhere really thank you for being
good how often a nurse you can never let
normal I have no idea what time it is
right now what time is it it's 4:00 yeah
my body feels like it's midnight how
long was that plane no oh yeah I always
thought the plane was with follow this
guy I already told you I quite like a
nappy
no I explained how it's kind of like the
swamps not ready so let me be like hey I
just know it that's like probably when I
read a series I'm like really
discovering it I just like turbulence
and sounds strange like this plane
falling on the sky isn't scary thing for
me and maybe that seems like a little
crazy a little love no look I just my
heart it's okay every single time I'm so
scared no you're okay I'm go to bed
you
but I don't want to get up I know don't
bug her don't she's not going to do
anything stiff dick
alright good being a dick
you guys remember I was saying we had a
special guest they can light on the big
riddle the big reveal the big reveal
yes this is all the first time in st.
Petersburg right and of course Ali where
are we going I'm gonna say anything
Avenue there we go as you know every
time you go organic officials
spokespeople I think for that every time
anyone comes Ali must take them to the
Avenue that's what we're gonna do
first off let's just address the thing
on Ali's head I just took a shower
second off I just want to say good night
is so awesome d home I'm so dry but I
just so happy to be with these little
twerps yes honey I came home rid of them
girl passing out hanging out I didn't
sleep at all on the plane maybe like 20
minutes and then we had that awful
experiences the turbulence three
attempts which are like an idiot but I
just I said a lot of people have that
issue though before we go to bed I just
wanted to say we had so much fun in
Hawaii I hope you guys had fun as well
on kind of like a virtual vacation for
you guys we just wanted to do like right
now just a couple clips of our some of
our favorite moments from Hawaii so
let's just go into that right now
those are some of the moments that I
will never forget this is honestly one
of the best trips I've ever had of all
those clips which one was your favorite
I was definitely shark diving I loved
shark diving I loved it I think driving
the coast is like pretty magical - that
was pretty cool - just because like I
just I love nature and I sound so corny
right now but I told Charles there's a
point during the drive where I got like
really teary-eyed and super emotional
they call it actually then but it's
beautiful what exactly is the land and
then like the appreciation for the land
that the people have literally I think I
said a couple times is like bringing up
the saturation and just cranking it kind
of like this but not that ugly but you
know it's like even the depth of like
how far back that were you know what's
gonna blow my mind water like how's the
water with the fish like I thought I
remember telling you remember I went
down and I saw this fish literally every
single color you could ever imagine no
we do this a couple days ago but now
that fish aliy the Hawaii trip is over
what was your favorite moment of
watching these videos from the Hawaii
trip from your virtual Hawaii trip and
what I just realized you know like where
I always make the comparison of like you
know not every day guys can we go swim
with sharks or punch a shark in the face
or do some like that I cannot anymore
say that ever again because we now have
literally done that also one of my
favorite moments it's like being able to
share it with their friends because a
lot of times like you have to share
privately we can take photos but nobody
really understands like what we saw or
what wrote it all it brought smiles to
every single person that we were with
was really kind of a cool thing too
because everybody experiences the same
but experience the difference and on
that note guys I want to say good night
and I will see you tomorrow boys have a
great night if you did miss the Hawaii
vlogs go check them out I will put a
link down in the description of last few
days how did I get
