good morning everyone so we are getting
ready to it is like 830 or actually it's
eight o'clock it's really super early
everyone's tired we rob the shoot the or
head over to will shoot the new video
don't really know what's gonna be called
but it's gonna involve three year old
dresses a mobster and will be mod
mobsters so it's gonna be good oh look
at Marley oh hi you ready to be in a
video alright this is our dingy garage
we're gonna shoot today it's gonna be
pretty cool we got our poker table it's
gonna be good we got our little lions I
think this is gonna be like our most
elaborate video that we've ever done as
far as like crew just 44 plus the
mobster all right you guys want to meet
our little mob boss do want to say hi oh
that's the Godfather oh you know you the
boss yes it looks so good so uh yeah
dude let me see that one that's key
that's pretty gangster right there
slightly Amish to Daniel's the banner
taemin truth danila do you want to ready
they so fresh so do it other way other
side yeah
yeah she has a camera hey Wes Childre
other one look please just barely above
it it's so good Tom an animal fetch it
guess how I got to look like this
dananana dananana dananana I don't think
so either gonna be the look at Mike look
at this this is crazy actually messes
with my eyes yeah so yep we're getting
ready to shoot this but listen listen
yeah yeah yeah yeah I know this yeah I
think really hard so I really think
memory might offer me this wow you're
gonna see like what do we got it but we
gotta fill kiss thank you much hi behind
scenes is my blood loopers too much over
here yeah under the table yes hey
Camilla sky see your mean face
okay Daniel and just gonna jog your
mouth shut ciara bed okay so this time
was going on when I'm gonna be standing
right here Jesus action I'm not lean
into you rolling action the boss wants
to play a different game Oh see we're
going on try again if Danny's head and
focus battalion turn to the right I just
out the door gonna do and then they're
all know oh yeah oh it's so it's like
what the there goes now Serena yellow
candy jelly get any bread one more I'm
oddly that's perfect I feel so bad this
is this is what I do for the Internet
Yeah right do for you guys this video's
gonna be really good though if you guys
if you're wondering what the heck we're
doing this is gonna be a new skit that's
gonna hopefully be up monday or tuesday
on the top 50 channel yeah vanilla rocks
a little godfather so that is a wrap of
the mafia baby mafia video I feel
disgusting with all the peanut butter
but I think it's going to come out
really well and it'll be up in a couple
days on the Charles Trippy channel so if
you're not subscribed go youtube.com /
Charles repeat check that out but this
one was a crazy production we had Ali's
parents my parents the De Niro's parents
and this was a fun video this was fun so
I'm
kind of editing right now can the video
dogs faster we're watching the FSU versa
UF game okay so i might be totally late
on the train but if you guys ever heard
a voice avenue hear this they did our
this guy did a cover of teenage dream by
katy perry and its really acting good
like it's really surprisingly good so i
know i'm completely laid on the viral
video train but you guys didn't know
just do a little searching search a
search Alou and I promise you'll like it
maybe I'll I don't promise you like it I
like it and I thought I'd share it so
immediately after coming home everyone
pass out as I showed you and I couldn't
help it I had to start editing the new
video with a baby mobster or whatever
see I'll get this is why I wanted to
talk to you guys this video was so fun
to it was the first time ever shot with
a three year old and I'm not gonna lie
it's very difficult to work with the
three-year-old however the nilo rocked
it so I just want to say thank you to De
Niro's parents for letting them be in
the video and for Danilo himself when
he's older and he cozen watches it Thank
You old Danilo for being in the video I
don't know what to call this video and
you there's a lot of behind the scenes
that you guys saw um you know from the
shoot so I'm asking you guys for names
that we should call the video I'm
thinking calling at the baby mafia so if
you have a better name other than baby
mafia you're like a better suggestion
put it in the comments and if yours is
completely super duper awesome I might
just use yours so and I'll put you in
the credits of the video so let me know
in the comments start telling me awesome
titles for the video so does be
listening to this make me a little less
manly
should I listen to some snap case a
manly man with a beardy beard can listen
to this music you don't have to be a
girl short I go out their teeth the
benefits of having a beard you get the
taste it later yeah I've discussed it
before it was like all the foam know it
in to watch it was hilarious look at
this logo so you watch this see ahhh now
watch how much I get off of it
that's weird i don't i don't like like a
mop of my face I don't like that only
what three more days I guess you're all
the dirt is collected in your beer don't
know in the dream that's a shampoo it
now warming up for virtual golf this is
your first time swinging in a club now
you got to like run up to and hit it Joe
oh oh I'm sorry I believe I just won the
bet 67 yards I believe that's under a
hundred well it gives existing gold no I
wonder that still not over 100 yards oh
oh no it's totally not losing
you guys are not helping I win no you
lost actually I win you didn't say after
three tries I said you couldn't dry did
not say after three tries okay that I
wanted a man I won because he just one
seriously 3d TV makes me go insane like
I think I'm going cross-eyed every time
I look at it I'm like wait is that a 3d
TV okay good I don't need glasses this
is ali after a couple wines let's see
what happens Ali's still in mafia mode
alright see what you can do
yep I listen my body is like really
regulation all right you can buy it you
can do it baby
what happened
so if you destroy the entire place
she still doing the accent isn't she
she's still that was better than
right-handed you're driving out that's
your cousin right there
50 yards oh if you want is it kind of
like cross-eyed though like what is he
staring at what like he's scaring this
way
it's coming over hardly wait
hey where's ePSXe
getting with child trippy now
with just 15 Harry don't forget Zoe
you
