good morning guys so we're heading out
to Black Friday and yeah apparently if
you wear pajamas you get a discount okay
cute jammies okay Oh check this out see
you coming Justin yeah let's do this I
got a big pimple way that way forehead
it's great and I'm crippled day Daniel
coming all these people are waiting
there are people camping in tents
waiting holy a mask over target yeah
this is ridiculous people are all
waiting right now to get into the store
when I even near Best Buy I know I don't
even know oh my god is there live for
picture what's happening they may they
put shopping cart so people couldn't
like cheap and line okay there are
people in the parking lot right now
playing football there are people
sitting back here she get into Best Buy
blankets and everything I can't even
believe like we know this is out this is
an investor I know that's but it's going
to better I know oh my god yes so we're
not getting that TV no I guess all right
oh my god tents and everything that's
crazy
it's really it's one of those things
where it's like only in America where
people I know first guy look at that
you're a victor sir look at you no good
as TVs the world did you see him like
wide-eyed standing at the glass and we
gotta go here Sports Authority and see
the three people in front unsworn I know
what
they're three people in sports I guess
everybody really wants technology so we
are they have like a couple hours left
before those things even those stores
even open so we're gonna go to a place
called Ellington outlets it's in
Ellington actually and I think it might
because you're wearing pajamas you're
not supposed to be operating right now
but we're gonna go check those out pair
of those started at midnight every time
I go around the roundabout I always
think of European vacation with Chevy
Chase
look it's my car do you guys do that
thing where you see your own car on the
road you kind of wave isn't it I think
that's a sign fell thing isn't it no
it's a could be enthusiasm thing I think
so everyone waves my comment oh my gosh
is that is the Kmart parking lot
Justin's fixated on Angry Birds right
now
boom Starbucks unreal wait why are we
doing this again again oh I remember
because we love you and we wanted to
show it to you if you find the spot I
will give you ten bucks yeah if you
break your leg we can take there how did
that happen I had my fingers crossed or
my legs crossed so the ten bucks is kind
of Boyd State you don't believe me thank
you for trust face pajamas are you
comfortable
the my sister said that if you come in
your pajamas you get a discount I'm
seeing no one so I think Melissa was
playing a trick on well what are they oh
is that a Juicy Couture is that Victoria
Secret blinded yeah that was the line to
get into coach isn't that ridiculous
and this line is totally empty you're
literally the only one in pajamas it's
awesome
you need a bigger bag one that you put
just and myself in oh my god that is so
gorgeous
that is so gorgeous you know it goes
really well with your sleepwear too
Justin and I are playing guess how much
the handbag cost and we're losing every
school and we're back at home so I don't
know Black Friday was Kevin it's kind of
a disappointment this year didn't really
get to do anything I guess we'll have to
wait till Cyber Monday which is the
equivalent to Black Friday but it's just
online so I'm gonna go to bed tomorrow
we actually have I'll explain it when we
wake up but tomorrow we have to we have
to basically scour all of Sarasota Tampa
and Orlando area for costumes again I'll
explain it in just a little bit this is
going to just seem like a cut to you but
it's gonna be hours for me it's gonna be
nice so I'll see it a bit I usually like
to you know just go around and say what
everybody's thankful for we didn't get
to do it today because it was so hectic
um but what I wanted to say was that I
was really thankful to be surrounded by
so many really good people in my life
and I've been so lucky to actually be
able to build relationships with a lot
of you guys like via Twitter or anything
really like I've just gotten lots of
messages that have been really
supportive and helpful in good and bad
times I mean you know we have ups and
downs just like anybody else and you
guys have always been really really nice
and supportive and you know you guys are
like all our friends so it's really
awesome to get to share our lives with
such great people so thank you thank you
thank you and we love you see I told you
it was just a quick little edit for you
and now we are we're currently trying to
find a pinstripe suit for a toddler
we're shooting a video tomorrow was that
with a three-year-old ass kid nor the
toaster blue channel and we can't seem
to find a gangster suit anyway so we're
trying Goodwill now hey Ali bring some
candles we can get some candles here
water bottle
random oh I dropped it on the ground I
didn't do that
in what are you doing geez no you want
some use underwear you know I wanna
cowbell this place is Black Friday a
good Rose packed this is like busier
than target was I don't know what that
is I don't know what half this stuff is
so random it's not very gangster like
mobster but that would look like I don't
know yeah oh my god it is
good job Daniel costume designer you get
credits on this on this video this one
here oh that is pretty monster right
there which is more mobster guys this
one or this one that one's pretty crazy
too what do you think is this gangster
we got alleys this is alleys a little
flapper and there's another gangster sue
she's Daniel knocking things things over
yeah you have to see this is probably
the greatest greatest garage door on the
planet look he has a horse that is so
cheesy but amazing hopefully the last
stop and then we have to feed Ally
because she's about to eat everyone's
face off this is scary Walmart so we
gotta get suspenders then we gotta go
get a poker table and then we will be
done with this video are you you who I
knew you were gonna do it I knew it I
just know like it's a double rainbow all
rights a single rainbow oh my god it's a
double rainbow
so intense their little mobster shoes
because small they are let me see it
compared to your head this is so small
she's like now I'm not gonna act like a
cat what
we're currently waiting we have a
giant-ass table in the back of the car
and I went in ran in the Best Buy
you know what Black Friday kind of
sucked this year there's really nothing
I didn't find anything cool there's
always something on the camera lens
y'all clean yeah this is yeah you can
control it right so you do it one time
it makes it look like it's smoking Tim
the Toolman Taylor over there geez you
fixed everything oh it smells like every
haunted house in the world like
sickening
yeah yeah it's like I think a really
distinct like really distinct smell
hey whatever you get a chance spray
everybody excuse me
whoo yeah oh wow that smells this is
what Zoe does but she gets pissed off
there's a toy at the bottom of the
basket see words people watching
pressure oh my god pressure
it's actually really impressive I can
barely do that scooter thing I know it's
pretty cool you're gonna pull that
entire makeup set down look it how would
you please go to the cheap makeup act
like aisle
oh really this is gonna make a
difference wait what's not supposed to
be way over there yeah okay just making
sure it's really super late we're
actually heading to our buddies and we
the Kings right now they're having a
housewarming party Travis's texted me so
we're heading over there now
oh I actually don't know if you should
bring anything we're bringing her
presence so that should be enough no
it's totally last minute tomorrow
morning we have to wake up at nine eight
we have to be up at eight in the morning
apparently there's an aim in the morning
for a one of our characters like I
always keep saying like if you've been
watching the blogs his queens he's three
years old
Sapphira thrust
satisha here's a little fun fact you
guys see this right over there
that is a Tropicana brewing plant right
guess it's growing I don't know the
juicing plan look if you guys have
orange juice look at Tropicana it'll
stay produced in Bradenton Florida that
is what this eerie glow is it smells
like orange rinds every single time look
at it looks orange
everything's orange look I found all
right there we go
now wait what's this pan because this is
no pan through them and look at this
right here
no I'm gonna pan right through yeah and
look at that that is that is HUGE
congratulations these guys put it right
in I know it's questions I know it's a
big trap what is this what is this thing
you buy on eBay as a gift corner
yeah I'm totally embarrassed Danny right
now ready did we just do a cutscene
right now who's that guy right there
who's that guy with the drumsticks that
is 14 year old Danny Duncan was just 10
years ago I know it isn't that crazy
oh there we go your face off
hey drummer of a semi dying I did I did
we're gonna have a tour okay this is
cribs hello welcome to cribs with us
because we don't want to get sued well
we do cage travels about nine months out
of the year but these seldom times that
we are wrong this is our humble abode
wait wait you got to do this repeat
repeat
there we go through one of these he's
gonna do this ready there we go
upside down man I love our living room
has toys and my toys we have our front
porch just got rocking chairs in it
their friends out there I'm gonna stop
I'm sorry okay so like most great stuff
in homes your living room instantly
without warning every way it's just
Travis Clark's room which you don't
really know about him that I don't even
help you want people to help every time
it's obsessed with the ugly dollars oh
we're gonna go in here and go zoo man he
loves these ugly adults it looks like
they're all watching this scary movie it
really does like they're just watching
you know it's actually not a scary movie
it's more of a man movie a suspense
thriller yeah
just threw it out there he did I had to
do it this color was here before I got
here guys too masculine what is this for
that is a holy show you know what yeah
that was the the Devil Rays thing right
somebody breaks in here this is got the
devil ray back on their foreheads
it's like Dick Tracy this is the outside
this is where the party happens there we
go it's what I call it a mini barn I
like the middle
whatever half Speer pong you could play
beer pong let's say oh wait a marathon
which is kind of mosey on over here you
could perhaps write a dirt bike it's
simple with it I have I have monsters in
my room to make myself watching you have
kind of like that half happy half sad
monsters they're just I think they're
all happy I think I've given them a
great lot okay I'm like okay I'm like
how am I supposed to get in here I was
like the only way I can get in here is
if I want to be a stripper so I don't
have my ID I walk up everyone gets and
I'm looking at them and I'm like so are
you guys looking for dancers and they're
like yeah I was like an application yeah
sure and that became a trip there we go
stripper tripper
hey Danny you should play drums for a
living
at least till they kick his ass
the thing about collagen is that you
never want to play collagen with Ali she
will kick your ass
traps you want to try this is Ali
teaching Danny how to play modern
warfare she has killed him 17 times so
love you guys out there in internet land
think that I'm not really friends with
we the kings and now I'm a cult I'm
completely making it up and I want to
show you guys this is where we're the
kings actually the band we the kings if
you don't know who they are look them up
on iTunes actually this is where they
got their name all right I'm gonna pan
over see they all named himself after
this middle school right here totally
friends with them look at these photos
yeah I know I'm totally friends with
them no it's really good to see that
they're doing so well and it's you know
I was just talking to Danny Travis it's
so cool that a lot of our viewers a lot
of the CTFxC army is actually part of
the we the Qing army I don't know if
that's something you guys call yourself
that the we the Qing army it's really
like a surreal meant to be yeah it's
like really like a surreal type of thing
where like we were just talking we're
like wow really like we're doing
something completely different we're
making videos on on YouTube
they're making records with a major
label and yet we all cross and Ally's
driving like crazy person but uh we will
we will be seeing those guys soon
you just talk with a little bit higher
voice you'd be Charlie Bieber Charlie
who's Charlie Oh Charlie day is that
good
I'm practicing for my video tomorrow
anyway
it's been a long nights and I will see
you tomorrow
wait
and worse
which are tripping
we're
you
