morning Happy Thanksgiving huh you can't
get you in focus there we go Happy
Thanksgiving
what are you doing how long has it taken
yeah no sorry about the focus I'm still
working on the focus just get kicked out
yeah yeah my suck of this focus it's
like you're in the army yes right are
those are those pure Idaho potatoes nor
Koda Idaho potatoes they're Northcote
what is that yeah it is gonna jeez
Lauren you're so morbid putting a turkey
on a table we can't get food for I want
to see how quick she changes this is
what is that I used to love doing that
as a kid when I was like trying to be a
brat I would have it on there and I'd
pull it out and I'd turn it and they'd
just go everywhere
yeah we'd go everywhere oh yeah that's
how I got out of having to cook oh hi
guys dogs
this is did you say play Slayer yes
everyone's got a thumb up now
Reilly's mom's name to play I always
keep meaning to show you guys this you
want to see something this is Justin's
Nintendo 64 collection you guys
recognize any of these games this is
old-school right here oh my god probably
one of the best best games ever
other than Goldeneye 64 which was better
this is Elda right here or Goldeneye 64
I know
golden I'd kind of like revolutionized
the first-person shooters having fun
it's like a lunch tray you look pretty
today
Zowie Oh Zoey you want some Thanksgiving
dinner you want a little extra do you
guys remember this little guy we're
gonna put this on it and I'm gonna make
Ali drive it around so we're gonna see
what this looks like
nice hair it's my chance if I can even
do this where's that on how do you turn
it on oh never mind
nevermind yeah is that way that's what I
meant
wait where's the brakes I'll grate the
brakes on the other side there's the
brake hey man what are you doing she's
going from one person to the other she
said we had a bet
we had a bath anyone holy crap no no
wait wait I want to show him this look
at this
you crazy driver
okay it's so funny the shutter is
awesome do it again
that's cool
poor baby we got her tied to the frickin
mailbox she's running away wait how am I
had I focused this there we go your head
is really close fills up the whole frame
don't even say it's because it's so big
he just literally did it four seconds
ago you still fell for her it's electric
it's electric it's already off
imagination it'll take off
maybe it wasn't the best idea we're
going on does she know to stop no Mel
breaks on the Left did pretty well
though I forgot to tell you to break my
bad
SiC dive brah
that will never happen again
in the history of the world Kenan Zoe
cuz I'll go is being a brat oh my God
look at that face
fold me go and she's chasing the
squirrel dog squirrel chasing the
squirrel chasing is up in the tree
getting bit you're what this could be a
scene from every indie movie
I just took a shower did he take a
shower because of it oh come on it's for
the TV I literally just got out of the
shower
all right I think Charlie's getting
ready to get out of the shower yeah
you've officially opened the door and
now you're susceptible to Frank's yeah
you parked it you Park tucking that
where is she I made sure to use all the
hot water so it'd be nice and cold for
though it is it is going to be Black
Friday in about three hours so I'm
currently researching all the Black
Friday deals then really seem to be that
many good ones like Best Buy has maybe
one and that's Saving Private Ryan for
ten bucks on blu-ray see that's the only
one I've seen for you guys able to find
any good Black Friday deals a the those
who are not from the United States have
no idea what Black Friday is it's day
after Thanksgiving like all stores and
online stores have huge sales I don't
know why or how it started but that's
what Black Friday is you can just
Wikipedia that's probably better than
most drummers can actually do very good
you must be proud guess they're tired
what are you doing you're addicted hey
are you playing it - what are you
playing Tom see everyone is now cut the
rope it's evil yeah
oh thanks now it's five minutes I was
trying to figure out I was going I was
kind of password yeah it's five minutes
I'll try to get it into my phone and
guess you prank number four with you
fuck yeah I can't get into my phone now
five minutes feels like deja vu things I
do all over again I think we need to go
to bed
like with the band what's she doing oh
god I don't know if she should be doing
that in front of your dad yeah I try to
see what its gonna look at these all
right guys so it's currently it's about
3:00 in the morning so I have to
technically officially end the vlog
because it's the next day so will will
kick up tomorrow but we're gonna go to
the Black Friday we're gonna go see
what's going on if it's crazy or not but
don't worry I got I got a bonus video
for you I but if you've ever wondered
what goes on in the dog brain
specifically Zoey's we figured it out
it's like a break its breakthrough for
science it's it's a crazy in a great day
for science so just click right here you
can click this video right there and go
watch this on a cell phone channel
youtube.com slash trippy so click it go
check it out it's a minute long and it's
your bonus video trust me you're gonna
you're gonna be your brain you just
gonna explode knowing this is what dogs
think so I will see you guys tomorrow
hopefully we don't get trampled and go
enjoy the video guys Happy Thanksgiving
we wait
baby at sexy
with trippy
to be an early don't forget so anymore
you
