hey guys how's it going so yeah the
robot students cleaning I've been off of
an editing and getting ready to pack
getting ready to pack that we're trying
to procrastinate or like packing and
look at this you know you know if
something's going on when look at this
yeah
they don't want to get up they somehow
burrowed under all these things is
ridiculous
it's a ridiculous so tomorrow is
Thanksgiving in the United States and so
we're traveling down to Sarasota again
give me the car again go be with our
family I guess we're gonna have it at
Ali's Ali's parents house my parents are
coming I actually don't know who else is
coming I think Ali's cousin Daniel
remember Daniel I think he'll be there
so sorry I'm putting my belt on right
now my pants all fall down so yeah
heading down and guess what whoo this
Friday like Friday
hell yeah hell yeah I'm gonna drag Ali
and Melissa this time you guys got all
your shit go hey why y'all blurry this
camera is really good
but the thing that sucks about it is
that if I don't do the focus correctly
it gets blurred oh hey guess what um one
of the demos of the purple but he came
and look out getting the lights Oh
doesn't look like a blue but yeah here's
the purple one kind of looks kind of
looks blue doesn't it promise you that's
purple but that's a purple CTFxC s4
haters so a little update we set the
order a week week and a half ago to
american apparel so hopefully we'll be
getting those early this coming week and
then we'll be able to turn them out and
send up you guys the very next day look
very snazzy with that uh bandanna and
stretch
there you go Marley much better now all
we have to do is wait for Ali get out of
class or Marley's watching yourself
I think she's mesmerised
so is though are you sure you have
everything why are you saying yes did
you did you possibly forget something
possibly she's like no I have everything
I have everything you sure you would
have a fuzzy head that's for sure you
guys ready to go horny goat weed Oh
Thanksgiving traffic although it could
be worse we could be flying and today is
actually National opt-out day where
everyone's supposed to opt out of the
TSA scanners the ones I can see dude
actually I don't think they can see Newt
I think it's more like they can see well
I think if I see nude
to be honest with you so actually I'm
really glad we're driving and that
flying because when I take like five
hours of security now with everyone
opting out yes I could have turned the
light on do you guys think those new TSA
scanners are like an invasion of privacy
or are you glad that like they're there
because they can see a lot more and they
can make you more secure like the
passengers safe like like I'm kind of
torn between it like obviously it's an
invasion of privacy but at the same time
I'm glad they're taking the precautions
and the safety measures are being
increased you know what I mean so let's
have a nice little discussion in the
comments are you for the new scanners
and new security measures or are you
against it
Oh yippee be be almost standstill
traffic
still in traffic as the new lens
there's alley there's Justin there's
alley there's Justin there's Ali looks
so good
Daniel what do you have on your head
dude wait still getting used to this
focus there we go there we go just like
try to remember yeah so I keep talking
about a new lens this is the lens you
guys it's a 50 millimeter and I want to
cut to the low-light okay this is the
low-light on this camera you can't see
anything right it's all black now I'm
gonna cut through the new lens on this
camera and watch the amazed - hold on to
your butts gonna hold on to hold on to
him right now
I'll wait you're done okay huge
difference isn't it is that go I'm on
isn't that crazy how awesome it looks a
little light what are you doing Zoey
oh don't poop on a camera Oh gross what
are you doing Zoey you sniffing you guys
doing geez this camera looks awesome
Sally listening to that shrill ex guy
again all right let's go the focusing is
kind of a pain in the ass
I know I know I don't want to be in here
either come on Marley let's go it's off
thank you Jim what's up cat got though
all right well fine everyone just saw a
cat ass burping the day before
Thanksgiving it's pretty packed are you
singing
karaoke that will be sent back
I want to
yeah she's gone elesif sleeping huh both
of you actually both of you will sleep
now the what you both are nuts this is
much better you can actually see
everything now
uh she wants in game over of course you
go straight for the food
goodnight
hey guys so it's currently Thanksgiving
and I just wanted to say honestly from
the bottom of my heart I've been doing
YouTube videos for almost five years now
and without you guys watching my videos
supporting us just you know commenting
favoriting all that stuff I would not be
here and I probably would be miserable
well not actually not probably I would
most definitely be miserable so thank
you
it's Thanksgiving in America any other
countries if you guys don't have
Thanksgiving we have that in America and
I just want to say thank you from the
bottom of my heart for supporting me for
supporting us for watching our videos
and to be honest if you if if you guys
keep watching we'll make these whoa I'll
make these until I'm 90 years old
assuming I'm gonna live till 90 I'll
totally live till 90 I might not be able
to respond to every single comment or
you know email but honestly I read every
single one and I truly and honestly
appreciate it so thank you guys this is
my time to you know give my my thanks
back to you guys some service punch I'm
hunched over I feel like the Notre Dame
guy I'm just come you want to see what
I'm like recording on right now look at
this this is what I was recording on I'm
not kidding see I was using a speaker
this is what I was using it staring at
you guys over here so thank you guys and
I will officially see you on
Thanksgiving look okay see right we're
the heart see heart but I'm gonna mend
it I'm gonna mend it right now there
that's that's that's what I feel for you
guys thank you and I will see you
tomorrow
wait
let's kill
where's baby at sexy
giddy with trippy
with just a theory
