oh my god I think I just hacked YouTube
don't believe me see I was just watching
super ads latest video and you know I
was just being all elite hacks or look
I'm gonna give them more views than
anybody in the world do that and then
you know what I don't I don't think we
should have the thumbs down anymore what
do you think just get rid of it
yeah maybe get rid of the flag feature
to move that down there let's just
change this to so everyone sees it
that's sweet yeah so I'm probably gonna
get in a lot of trouble for this but I
just wanted to show you guys and then
we'll just you know let's just change
his description a little bit let's just
change the description and then I
definitely want to get rid of the thumbs
down let's get rid of that no more
thumbs down on YouTube I don't like this
thing I'm gonna give her that too let's
move the logo somewhere yeah let's move
it down there and get rid of the upload
I was here for these ads yeah that's
what we do yeah let's just give it up
everything I'm just gonna delete YouTube
I'm just gonna take it down see if they
can you know fix it there we go no more
that no more that and I'll just leave
the logo it's trouble there we go
bye bye YouTube yeah I'm a lead hacks or
no big deal how many of you honestly
fell for that come on be honest how many
honestly thought it's basically a job I
was watching a youtuber call a it was
like a Vsauce or something and he had
this like Java code that lets you edit
YouTube obviously doesn't edit the
server and things like that but if you
want that that Java code all you got to
do is just put it in the browser the
address bar after you go to the page hit
enter and then you could you know edit
the page as you want you could trick
somebody if you want so that's in the
video description down there but don't
worry YouTube doesn't look like this
hopefully watch this yeah it would be
ironic if YouTube kind of got hacked and
crashed and as I posted this and then I
get blamed for it but yeah so it's kind
of a fun little trick see if you can
trick anybody tell me if you actually
tricked
okay this is just eerie I had to show
you this this is normally packed with
people now it's a totally empty minute
is right before Thanksgiving so that's
probably why but it's just weird like
you gotta s see this is so weird there's
no one here
there's a mirror on the ceiling so you
could totally see full shirts but only
here hers like me I guess
oh my god okay I have never seen anybody
empty an ATM but there are two cops and
that guy has a gun that's insane
seriously there is not a soul here it's
like the FSU zombie apocalypse well
that's a construction site so that's
obviously empty that was a dumb thing to
show you but seriously look at this
also I have some news for you
as I promised I promised you guys if
yesterday's video that I posted on the
Charles Trippy channel if you guys did
not ever fall for that if you have no
idea what I'm talking about you can go
to youtube.com/scishow stripping watch
that but so I'm trying to get a piece of
paper I said that if somebody didn't
fall fall for one of those could I
basically thought everybody in the world
has fallen from one of these things I'm
not telling you have to go see it what
I'm talking about
but it looks like Harry Potter one oh
yeah so see look at so see ya apparently
it never happened to them and I said I
promised you guys if if I didn't you
know and I promised you guys you guys
all didn't experience this I would eat
my own words so that's what I'm gonna do
I'm good I'm good I'm good with my
promises I I don't lie see my own words
can't get pointed by a shelf II think I
always wolf
you have to really hear he's always
willing to do it right it should count
today I'm gonna try to have a very
productive day I'm actually shooting a
collab video for this youtuber his name
is Casa de Cucaracha if you've never
heard of him go check him out he only
has 10,000 subscribers
and he's actually one of my favorite
news youtubers so I'm doing this video
for him this is actually what he looks
like he's got this big this really foul
mouth baby a hot dog guy it's actually
really funny I'll put his link in the
sub bar but the CTFxC should go to check
him out cuz he's got the raunchy humor
which is good because remember when
YouTube was getting all I call it Disney
fied basically where everything was all
G hardly PG everything was bleep
there was no like sexual jokes and stuff
and then Shane Dawson came and just kind
of look yeah and then everyone started
doing it coming back through believes I
do believe because I think it's funny
have you ever noticed in some of the
videos or even in the vlogs I'll believe
a random cuss word but then the next
cuss word I'll leave it just because I
find it funny so I'm doing this video I
guess I'm doing this collab video where
the fucking baby he's trying to get me
into one of his videos so it's it's a
clapping you know trying to make the
collab video I guess so I'm gonna go do
that now again go check him out he's
he's pretty funny links in the sidebar
and then I'm gonna try to finish that
did you just did you hear that went
Marley just farted just did you
seriously just looked at her ass as if I
did I come out of me not filming I got a
record the acoustic guitar parts and
finished some bass parts on that video
we're basically covering a song called
after hours by we this we are scientists
and Charlie puth did the drum track for
us but the thing is I have to record all
the parts bass guitar electric guitar
rhythm guitar acoustic guitar and all
that stuff and then Ally does the vocals
so it's been taking a little bit of time
to do so I'm going to try to get that
out and then we'll put it on Ally's
channel soon who just texted me but it's
just it's kind of time because
and now I can actually see you guys who
texted oh it's Ali
Oh apparently we gotta go meet up with
Phil and Lindsay Friday in Tampa that'll
be fun so yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna put
you guys down for just a little bit and
I'm gonna focus I'm gonna do my work yes
I'm gonna be a good youtuber now you
know I never thought of that to use that
kind of like you don't understand if you
don't go to FSU this is unbelievable
there's parking everywhere it's like a
battle seriously people like fight each
other like they scream at each other
from their cars for parking spots here
sometimes it's like insanity and now
it's just like I've open spots
everywhere holidays epic shot is a big
big shot is epic I got a fan behind me
and like that big shot is epic
yeah I thought so it's a painting of
Zoey Zoey are you what are you doing
over there huh this is confusing you
guys so I just wanted to be all artsy do
this one-handed I'm literally trying to
do this wood alleys in class and she's
like you should FaceTime me so she's
being bad so I'm gonna FaceTime her
right now well I want to connect Connect
connect really does that fit you have
that bad of an Internet to make sure
they can't connect fail
he's climbin in your windows he's
snatchin your people up tryna rape em so
y'all need to hide your kids hide your
wife hide your kids hide your wife hide
your kids hide your wife and hide your
husband cuz they're rapin everybody I
mean yeah so I'm still working on it and
I wanted to ask you guys your opinion
this is what I have so far I'm still
working on it
this govern a little rough draft but
there's a little part I want to put in
here and I want to see if you guys like
it so I'm gonna play and then let me
know okay
something like that you guys think that
sounds good with that like add to the
song the thing is taking forever
okay I'm actually using a girl pick it
actually says girls rock do they do all
right I'm gonna take a break you can get
it good job ow I only took two times so
that took you twice Ally try to throw it
up over there for them I can punch balls
pretty all right you can punt balls far
like a quick go sounds weird punting so
I could have funded it a little higher
than that but I did it go like wait I
would have loved to seen you actually
try to point a volleyball and now it is
dark outside we obviously didn't make
the park too much traffic so I just
decided to walk them anyway so okay we
got the bill from the emergency room
everyone ally had to we went to the
emergency room for what was it eight or
nine hours does anyone want to take a
guess how much the the bill was that we
almost fainted I think that could be
your hint I want you guys to guess on
how much the emergency room bill was
I'll give you 10 seconds guess in the
comments just to do
guys guessing it's been 10 seconds
anyway so the bill was $8,500 yeah we
saw that and we about flipped apparently
that the CT scan alone was 5 or 5,500
luckily Ali's still on her parent's
insurance so like her hate Obama at
least they let people on their parent's
insurance a little longer we over there
about seven or eight hours so that's
about $1,000 an hour pretty ridiculous
boom
Alley is so creepy
it looks great so you guys want to see
that bill ah here it is let me show it
there $5,500 for the CT scan
apparently the pharmacy cost six hundred
twenty four dollars
lovely but see this is the best part
right here this is not a bill
look it it's a new fish oh my god this
is it really she's too fat then I'm
gonna have it they don't have a Marlee
sighs this is supposed to fit a cocker
spaniel but it won't get a little rat
terrier she's definitely the Shaquille
O'Neal rat terriers oh my God look at
all those toys they do not need any more
dog toys hey what's up you pinhead I
want to show you guys some of you guys
in the comments would notice that I had
a pimple a red spot on my neck but I
ever have to tell you guys I have one on
this side and this side literally I have
like Franken pimples they're like
exactly right here and right here
they're exactly on the opposite sides is
it that weird it's like totally random
it's like bam bam what they free me free
oh wait no no no no bone open that's
water
way to go I will name him Sebastian the
fish already go oh there you go sup
cricket we need okay fine
oh now you come back for the attention
you're such a brat you're such a brat no
no no your dog Marley yes this is one
way to get attention just stand on top
of me such a brat if you're totally
bummed that today's vlog is over you
want more click on our new video that we
just uploaded on youtube.com slash
Charles Trippy you can click right here
this is actually the video this is the
reason why I had to eat my own words
also see which of your favorite
youtubers you can actually find in the
video it was all done in one take so
even if you already saw it yesterday go
watch it again
so I'll see you guys tomorrow have a
good night or a day depends when you
watch this
worse lately at sex
with y'all trippin
with chakra theory
you
