good morning hi good morning everyone
so last night this guy this was girl I
should say I know you guys keep saying
quit calling your dogs dudes they're
girls I call everyone I call Ali dude I
call everyone dude apparently she
doesn't feel too good hence the reason
why she's laying like this at 4:00 in
the morning and then eight in the
morning she kept hitting her Bell don't
let us notice she had to go outside so
everyone say feel better little doggy
it's part of that food you ate are you
doing wake up wake ha
today's never catch up there I got a
mail out some merch
I gotta edit the video I'm uploading a
new skit that we shot a prank house
finally that YouTube's not broken on
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
there'll be a link at the end this video
it's a it's a quick little video but I
think it's based on a true story and I
think all of you will be able to relate
to it I promise you if there's that one
person in the internet audience that has
not experienced what that video is about
I'll eat my words I will write them down
with Sharpie and I will literally eat
them if you're honest but I love you
Oprah so I'm starting to notice a little
bit of a problem I may or may not have
and I want to see if you guys have this
problem too I'm starting to notice when
I try to type something like a text
message or like an email on my iPhone
and it auto corrects into a different
word I instead of changing it I feel
like I'm too lazy that I don't even want
to change it I just think to myself hey
wait a second well this makes sense if I
used a new word take me like five
seconds to change it but I'm just like
no I'm gonna revamp my entire sentence
to incorporate this new word be honest
do you do that too so I would I wanted
to apologize for yesterday's
video I have to make a correction
apparently I upset a few Slayer fans
Slayer is not metal
it is thrash metal I stand corrected
I just wanted to make a point yesterday
how like music classification and
categories are pretty stupid if you
actually think about it like if I like a
song I like a song I don't care if if
it's pop punk punk metal thrash metal
gangsta oh yeah and I forgot to ask you
guys yesterday how if anybody actually
went the entire day yesterday without
using their cell phone they didn't want
actually do it I certainly didn't I woke
up and I checked my email
it's all right off the bat fail look
what I found in my bag of M&Ms I mean in
balls that Mouse so this is how they
make okay you ready oh just turn your
butt on me ya jerk why are you eating
Zoidberg oh my god you already killed
him
he's got no eyeballs what are you making
mom love you
incarnation maid-of-honor you're married
don't Dakota no shit
do you know people like her did this
yell at the TV has it they could hear it
she's particular sub sneer trying to
edit the video for tomorrow it's like
are you begging for dog food I don't
think they care as much as you get yeah
they don't care
Zoidberg No
okay so Christina now we're gonna go to
Publix to make cookies but then I would
started talking about the super trendy
place called Newberry it's so like look
how bright that is compared to
everything else in this Plaza it's like
shining beacon so we got distracted
we're gonna go get frozen yogurt flavors
I can't believe you found the cookie
dough bites that I didn't buy them every
time I make foodies good evening Keith
there would be potential that I use the
mini kit oh my eyes every time I caught
him I'm calling you you're gonna do it
Ike are you watching the game whatever
TV show since YouTube is finally finally
working again and oh there's a hair in
the lens like it's marley hair since
YouTube is finally working again I could
finally post that video was talking
about it's a one it's a one take video
so obviously there wasn't much editing
so I didn't want to post it when nobody
would get in the subscription box so to
celebrate this video and to celebrate
the fact that YouTube's working working
again I got some champagne so I'm gonna
put one drink some champagne and I'm
gonna play some black ops about the last
level I think I'm on the last level I
want to ask you guys but I don't want to
do any spoilers see if you can catch it
I won't try to hit you a snooping catch
it
alright got on twisty tie the thing wait
where's the thing all right you got your
uniform on your rope already Oh God
Zoe so it captain no fun you ruined the
fun for everybody every single time wow
that is actually pretty good
Oh what are you doing alright here goes
you gotta catch it now you gotta catch
it that's it
oh good job
you're a good guard dog see that's all
it was
remember don't try that at home wait
until your parents leave just kidding
don't try that I came to try to find him
and look at Zoe she's still protecting
her it's okay is that a video all right
time to rock out some Call of Duty enjoy
the video on the Charles Trippy channel
see you guys tomorrow
whatever you do do not click on this
link right here to watch the video don't
do it I dare you not to don't do it I'm
just kidding
click here to check out the latest video
I promise you all relate to it it's
based on a true story you'll like it
if not I'll eat my words literally
tomorrow's video I'll eat my words I'll
also be chit-chatting it up in the
comments over there so I'll see you over
there if you have any questions
goodnight Internet now it's time to sit
down and view the greatest couple that
is on YouTube can you tell me what you
did today
Sammy's Anna can hardly wake us the
internet killed television the internet
killed television the internet killed
television and will keep coming up whoa
