hey guys welcome to the video being a
fish whisperer
I was cleaning the fish tank right now
this is all dirty with poo fish poo a
clean fish tank we started calling our
frog twig
cuz he's so skinny now I don't know why
he's not eating I know he means eat he's
a picky eater and yesterday's mail vlog
somebody from Israel sent us this thing
and it's like called shocking chocolate
I think it's supposed to give you kind
of like a like a shocking sensation I
don't know can you guys strange like
that I don't know it actually does look
like pop rocks in there yeah it's pop
rocks listen can you guys hear it that's
good actually it's like it's kinda hard
to talk with the popping hey rap
yesterday I think was the mail vlog as
well a bunch of people sent a bunch of
crybabies and Ally tried the blue time
and Ally tried the red kind and a couple
people on the comments were calling Ally
a wimp because yeah if you like a
crybaby you have to have the blue the
blue is hands-down the most sour there
you go it's a blue one honestly which
one is the most sour that you guys can
remember cry-baby I think it was the
blue the blue one was the one ours no
what is that yeah yeah I'll do it I'll
do it I want to see how long we'll time
you where's my phone my phone okay
before we do this I want you guys to
guess out of we have orange green red
yellow and blue are the colors these are
the colors I want you guys to choose
which color in the comments do you think
is going to be the most intense and the
most sour blue yellow green orange or
red I think blue but I could be wrong
the red one way more sour
rather everyone since Ali jumped the gun
I'm making her do it again go no chewing
yet Green next we're gonna have to gauge
it for everyone now is 25 seconds so
that one took 41 seconds to not be sour
let's try another one this worse is
sourpuss this one way worse it's so sour
31 seconds Wow 10 yellow no wait that's
orange right sorry
colorblind you're helping people out oh
there that's that's good there is a
winner right there
possible thumbnail what do you think
it's worse gonna cry so that one's 36
seconds
yeah is that how you get rid of the sour
stuff Oh sour apple
that's the worst so he wants it
Zoey's gallon oh my god hmm
is it done yellow the yellow was
probably the most intense yeah I try to
do that without laughing yellow is the
worst well cuz red lasted the longest
though but it wasn't like I don't know
yeah yellow yellow so yellow is the
worst crybaby flavor well you guys right
because you guys tally at least we're
you guys right in the comments
all right I'm gonna try to do all of
them at the same time oh geez okay do
not tap that home pop all those balls in
oh you look sick how did you get water
in here if you brought it in here are
you plucking your eyebrows really hey
come on I'm vlogging dude likes water
you done well thank you you're pulling
hair out of your eyes yeah let's give a
black eye right now with all the writing
we got your airway candles mouthwash
everyone seen our grocery list I think
why they need sky brows plucked actually
knows who got this one does she's got
bushy eyebrows one ow
see that's what you get her gonna hurt
me get one
don't try to Club them up you get one
more round I don't have that unibrow
that's not a unibrow Randy no
that's uncomfortable screw that bitch is
having fun is eating your feet again you
made a friend oh oh get the flower and
she's off wait holy crap
Wow the tug is holy crap you just heard
all the other dog oh this is like the
best entertainment ever screw TV go let
go go oh we got to stand off go chaser
oh there she goes don't don't don't
ticket ticket in ticket anyone know what
TV show that's from so he's like whoa
what's going on
get in there so dirty here so you don't
reckon yeah now I gotta do it to you
good job okay okay now we got a pic you
back up Oh dirt everywhere so hey what
an ass she thought I was being attacked
that's good
I don't get it I cannot listen to it
okay there's like one or two songs that
are like this that can listen to but
after that I'm doing really good I get
bored I got you know what I get
exhausted listening to this type of
music I'm just like is it still going on
those are the loudest chips on the
planet you cannot sneak Sun Chips
there's no way can ever sneak it out
Jeff hey I'm looking at Facebook and
never out the other day I asked guys
what I should do with the facial hair
come December first and I was looking at
the Facebook and somebody what's his
name
who did this loosie loosie a and I just
want to show you they were saying that I
should shave everything in yellow and
keep What's in pink so basically another
creepy mustache see the thing is I don't
know if I want to do another creepy
mustache because that's what I did last
year for no sir Shave November if
actually you didn't see the creepy
mustache song that I made to honor yeah
my creepy mustache song that I honored I
did it all in the iPhone too you can
click right here and it'll take you to
it it's all last year so go check that
out you go check it out now and come
back it will be here just pause it I
don't know if I want to do another
creepy monster maybe I should do a half
beard that'd be kind of cool
should I do a half beard that's her way
of making a stop I think was you Oh
dog farts are the worst so I'm just
watching my favorite show ever and I
hear Ali playing the same song again and
she just showed me a photo of the guy
like that looks like the old singer from
first last and sure enough the guy who
does this song sunny more the old singer
from first letter I was like it looks
creepy wait I know
and then yeah it's sunny more so
apparently if you guys are big fans of
from first to last the old singer yeah
he's doing uh he's doing techno music
now dubstep sorry jeez they just
probably angular like a million-in-one
people I guess oh my god seriously it's
fusion emo techno dub SimCorp no there's
the difference between a hardcore and
post hardcore there is totally different
totally it I'll just rip I don't know I
always run you guys into that that's
actually right here that's actually why
I did that right there I'm going to make
a new what John wrote music called
Renaissance hardcore the difference
between hardcore and like scream music
hardcore screamo music like that is
scream oh because you're taking hardcore
yeah
melodic hardcore is my example of
hardcore hardcore would be a strife snap
case ok those would be two specific
Slayer and death a death metal no
seriously that's death metal or just
metal players metal right that's metal
that is just metal Dethklok is metal
okay and then maybe death metal shut up
melodic hardcore would be a band like
good riddance or they're just like it's
got a strong beat very raunchy vocals
but a melodic tone to it
hardcore would be when it's just
straight up so you like scream oh you're
screaming emo oh that's what it means
what do you think scream oh means No
like just scream Oh you could just say
scream music so they call it scream oh
okay this is one way to long
enjoy your dubstep
and worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
with European alley don't forget anymore
you
