there you go breakfast in bed now time
to get up you look like a smurf
so do you yeah go smurfy good morning
Internet french toast keep up what you
doing Marley you're gonna good job day
number three of cleaning up the office
and I must say it's so okay I forgot
about that I must say it's starting to
look good and I'm starting to feel good
today we're going to do I don't that
Friday we usually do on Friday but today
we're going to do one last for a while
this will be our last opening mail vlog
as you can see there's quite a lot so
it's gonna be very long w link at the
end of this video you could check it out
but it'll be the last one for a while
which is because you know we're trying
to catch up with everything it's hard to
do these on top of that so so that'll be
at the end of today's video and then we
can have that cleaned up a little bit
like the shelves all cleaned it's Santa
it's dancing Santa
we ever thought about how hard core you
have to be to be that person holding a
sign in Florida in the middle of the day
now and the winners not so bad but the
people in the summer that is hardcore
had to mention the fact that you have to
stand in one place for more than 10
minutes
do you guys know me well enough that I I
get distracted very easily you guys want
to hear something you might actually be
super proud of me right now I right now
I don't have my cell phone
currently I don't have my iPhone on me
completely empty don't believe me look
look at this hold on I just want to
prove it I want to prove it look at that
yeah I know it's pretty hardcore right
yeah I know it's pretty hardcore right
last night I actually forgot it when we
went out to eat with Eric and Christine
and I thought I would lose my mind but
you know what I kind of hope that kind
of felt better but to be honest with you
I actually kind of felt kind of good
having that little disconnection for my
phone that was the first time I've ever
gotten my phone probably since they got
a cell phone when I was like 16
surprisingly I'm not going through any
withdraws you know it's got the whole
stupid roots it's actually kind of funny
how dependent we are on like cell phones
isn't it yesterday when we were cleaning
stuff up I threw away a phone book that
was this big who uses phone books
anymore everything is just on your phone
oh so you don't think it's so tough huh
you think you can do it huh okay I
challenge you CTFxC to go one day
without using your phone one time your
cell phone one time you can use a
landline but your cell phone one time
during the day but you can't do it and
then in tomorrow's video tell me if you
succeeded or failed you hate that thing
I know I get it so you want that off you
only take it off okay yeah hold on okay
is that better
anyway so I wanted to take a walk in the
woods and come up with some more video
ideas for the Charles Trippy channel
actually I'm going to post one next week
since it seems like the subscription bug
has been fixed on YouTube fun little
quick video that we actually shot in
print so it's a it's a quick little fun
video we actually shot in prank house
live so if you're watching Frank house
you could
see you you were able to watch it but
but yeah I'm actually gonna post a pie
Tuesday on the Charles Trippy channel
since YouTube seems to be fixed I don't
know have you guys been getting the
videos in your subscription box I still
don't get them so I don't know but yeah
what I want to kind of clear my head and
come up with some video ideas that's why
that's why I come out here so much to
the woods I don't know why it's just
like very relaxing there's there's a
kid's birthday party over at the
playground and you hear enough they're
cranking Soulja Boy at the playground
that's just wrong I just
you can't play Soulja Boy Superman at a
kid's birthday party it just seems kind
of wrong right I owe you can get out of
this one dude oh yeah
that's that's exactly what you got to do
Soulja Boy I'll bring a whole bunch of a
hodge over there by the time Superman
that ho that's right right right oh I
wasn't I'm just embarrassing myself the
last couple days oh ok I won't put that
part in okay please tell me I'm not the
only one giggling at this sign right
here oh okay maybe I am dead side so I
am currently going to Best Buy because
you know what today is well today
Saturday but you know what's coming up
Black Friday Black Friday last year was
like totally anti-climatic I really
honestly like I thought the people who's
like fighting it's like no box
Ali's never been to one so I think it'd
be kinda fun to bring her this year so
I'm gonna do some preliminary perusing
so you guys have been probably watching
this and put a little curious on where
Ali's been well she's pretty much been
incapacitated by another migraine so
she's recovering from the surgery and
then a migraine just
I am and just hit her in the head so
she's been sleeping she was doing all
the mergers trying to fill in all the
merch orders and then she called and
said that she was kind of struck by she
I just do not know that pain like I know
about it is to have a headache but you
know she tries to she tries to explain
it like describe it I just I just don't
get it okay so for those of you guys an
Internet land that suffer from migraines
what is the best comparison to having a
migraine is it like cutting off all your
fingers and then having to eat them
maybe maybe one of you guys can explain
it a little bit better but yeah I got
are some ice cream that Americone dream
the Stephen Colbert ice cream and maybe
that'll make her feel better I feel bad
what where's Ally let's find Ally she in
here well watch her watch her watch her
don't jump on her oh sorry
headache Oh play it off hey baby hey
baby
how's it going honey you come here often
it's really funny did you actually do
you had that photo of my dad on your
phone I think she has a photo of my dad
and my mom from the 70s okay you see
this assuming she saw that photo watch
this
yeah it's like looking into a mirror
isn't it it's pretty it's pretty
accurate isn't it you're my dad but oh
my god I think part of your parents ask
your parents about having to get perms
just go to mom dad did you have to have
a pertinent oh don't go to your mom go
to your dad's do you ever have a perm
yeah your father did my mom will murder
me
my mom had a perm no no you know now
that I say that I'll probably look back
at this video in 10 years and go WOW
bangs out not a good look for you
because you will because the thing is
like I thought like the words I'm just
going in one ear and out the other when
he has nothing on I had red hair I
thought that I would never regret that
hairstyle and now when I watch my old
videos with the red and the Blas week
I'm like what was the part this is gonna
be in the mail vlog at the end of the
video but I wanted this I wanted to show
you guys right now it's a book called
how to speak zombie and since Ali's the
linguist over here we're gonna have Ali
try to figure out how to speak zombie to
you guys so it's really easy all you got
to do is so you open the book so you
gotta do
what does that mean it says is this on
sale if you're a zombie and you want to
buy a jacket now you know you now know
and what's that one bro spot me no you
have to do that whole thing
dude it says Ali's already turned into a
zombie I have her favorite foods hand
and eyeball noodles these are all
gummies yeah it is really kind of
disgusting no so you can't have that to
be a true zombie yep an eyeball it's
delicious
bro that's that's yummy oh just looks
Ali's already a zombie is it good yeah
gross don't eat it don't eat at all it's
a bad omen you're not supposed to stab
your food are you kidding I'm a bad
Chinese person it was worse is that it's
called Chuck's hand I caught it
I'm here at 7:00 it's really funny cuz
Marley's just like looks at it's like is
that food in vinyl a might a lot okay
we're done with this thing I think is
going into disposal
hey everyone make sure to check out
today's mail vlog just click here and
it'll take you right to it
I got some zombie stuff some pretty
awesome drawings and some other cool
things all around the world so make sure
to click here check it out
and tell me what you guys think
otherwise I will see you guys tomorrow
merci psst
with Joe Trippi
through it with trip in early
