good morning Internet it's a wonderful
day on the Internet
why don't you join me on the Internet
and then we'll go to the internet and Q
total cars alright we've done this
before but I want to do it again you
know when you try to do the mouthwash
challenge it shouldn't actually be that
much of a chance what are you supposed
to do I just spit that was embarrassing
see it's all about the generic kind
because it's like $2 cheaper it's not
being cheap it's called frugal actually
do you guys remember when the shopping
tab on Google was called frugal before
they changed the shopping didn't
remember that I liked frugal better are
you kidding me it's the middle of the
afternoon why are you guys sleeping god
lazy bitches so I've been reading in the
comments and some of the troll iou's
down there have pointed out that you
know there's some days that are
redundant they're the exact same days
the day before on the CTFxC an hour life
isn't that interesting we don't do
enough interesting things and to that I
say so I've been reading in the comments
and some of the troll iou's down there I
pointed out that you know there's some
days that are redundant they're the
exact same days the day before on the
CTFxC and what our life isn't that
interesting we don't do enough
interesting things and to that I say I
don't even know what you guys are
talking about someone's name tag on
their office door so cool
got a perfect view from up there I
thought it was a fake squirrel moving on
let's talk about No Shave November let
me just turn this down I actually gotta
upload
I gotta upload Melissa's new video on
the metal channel YouTube become such
mal those again who don't know my little
sister has her own YouTube channel links
in the sub are anyway
no V no shade in November what days
today is where's my phone that was my
little confused dance where is my phone
oh well just fill it in later today is
November 19 2010 cool alright anyway so
today is November 9 2010 and that means
we're almost done with no-shave November
and I wanted to ask you guys a serious
question don't mind that that is my
dishwasher I wanted to ask you guys a
serious question the beard after
no-shave November do I shave it off do I
keep it as is or do I just trim it up do
I get joint just you know do I get rid
of the neckbeard or what I wanted to ask
you guys because I am now partial to the
beard and I don't know if I want to get
rid of it completely I wonder if I
should just like shave it like so it's
not so Haggard so let me know in the
comments shave the beard keep the beard
or less haggard beard so you choose your
own adventure book but your adventure is
my adventure which then is your
adventure well who is the creepy house
they have noticed is like all over now
there's no way we can go in there they
didn't have the notices last time so
that was enough you know made it okay
but I don't want to break the law I'm
breaking the law
plus it spray I don't know it was just a
stupid thing to do that little house
that was back there is completely gone
now remember that a really creepy shed
like thing alright so I'm not really
sure if I'm supposed to be telling you
guys this but I'm really excited and I
have to tell you so I just got off the
phone with a certain company that
supplies certain t-shirts to a certain
retail store that's all I could say
about that but the good news is this is
really cool that internet killed
television did t-shirts a
Gusev version of that t-shirt might be
in retail stores that's so exciting
I know that doesn't probably seem too
exciting I'll let you know more
information as it comes but the good
news is for those people who you know
can't use credit cards online or too
young that you don't even have a credit
card you'll be able to get an exclusive
shirt design in stores and your favorite
mall and when that happens being very
optimistic when that happens I'm going
to hold a giant contest where I give
away lots and lots and lots of free
stuff so that's all I can say right now
you guys could probably figure it out do
you do know what store tell me in the
comments if you think you know what
store it's gonna be and I won't exactly
tell you but I might wink if you get it
right I don't know this is like really
it's really a big deal to me I mean it's
really surreal I mean with the help of
you guys you know we could take over the
planets you know what I mean
well in a good way did Molly just eat
poop of course got a segue with Marley
eating poop anyway well I'll stop
talking about it right now so I'm not
teasing you too much but it should I
should know more information in the next
few days get excited
quit eating poop Marley you're the
biggest asshole in the planet hello moon
this might sound actually kind of weird
but have you ever really thought about
planets and like earth and the fact that
that's another planet right there that
we can see you don't even can take for
granted that like the moon and the Sun
are these giant I guess the sun's a star
but I mean the moon is a moon does this
call planets okay because you can see it
but I mean have you really stopped and
really thought about how amazing that is
it just blows my mind when you're like
the earth is just floating in the black
emptiness and if it fell you'd fall
forever that's crazy
Wow just blew my own mind do you guys
think me more seriously now that I have
this giant glorious beard and I'm
wearing glasses I could say anything
like pie doesn't equal 3.14 it equals
seven gene 42 do you guys believe it now
that I have this awesome beard joking
aside though I have noticed people talk
to me differently
not exactly like more respectful but
they talked down to me that I have this
scruffy beard it's kind of kind of
messed up oh all right I will kick your
butt if you try to eat that poop again
hi Zoe
glad you listen this time I figured out
what that light was I read the manual
apparently my tires are low other which
is weird because I just did them which
leads me to believe that somebody
somebody sabotage knows there my must've
ran over a nail or something which is
great great awesome
wonderful oh I'm not gonna let the silly
stupid things like this bother me
anymore I'm gonna try to do a new like
perspective on life you know you know
when something small like this you like
make such a big deal about it like it's
like oh my god it's just a big deal I
gotta go Clooney out of my way I'm gonna
start being like you know what whatever
and then the big deal stuff then I'll
have a big reaction to it but this you
know what let's all do it let's all do
that hello air machine how are you
problem solved
oh I totally failed on our
tickety's I'm sorry
it totally is right
check it out was rocking our own custom
pick yeah that makes it so much more
hardcore
yeah like so everyone pump your toilet
today because without it you'd be the
outhouse my beard I want to wait someone
in the comments that the best I'm
growing up this a Chuck Norris fist
look at the camera come on seriously
you could do it all right
so I'm playing some black ops and look
at this look at this ready the zombie
hand wait no zombie hand wait what's
going on with this hand right here
that's a cool glitch zombie hand woo oh
no no no hey guys just a little friendly
reminder if you have a Facebook and you
have not clicked on our little Facebook
group facebook.com slash Charles Trippy
Frank or if you could take a second and
just go click that little like button
that would be totally awesome totally
awesome secret rad stuff happens over
there so you might want to go check it
out and you'd be part of the cool Club
you want to be part of the cool Club
right
wait
yes
with trippy
be an ally
so we normally don't do this but there's
a lot of thumbs up on this so I want to
give this to the diehards and Malika
says Tiffany have a great birthday and
fruity 0:09 happy birthday as well you
guys thumb that up a lot good night guys
