happy birthday you know we're walking
out and like take public right now see
you do
a very very sad day today's the day we
leave Hawaii was very very happy day
because I haven't been home in two weeks
and we get to go home I missed the pub
so much I miss my bed so much and miss
my house so much the same as Alec so
much but she's been with me so that at
the positive here in the situation for
today marks the day we go home
I got to say we survived and I got a
stay we survive this one we have some
encounters we have that weird cave
adventure then we had leaving in the
shark-infested water but at the same
time there were no mosquitoes there were
no word
there was no rat lung fever or anything
like that so high five on that
I say that and now we're doing one last
walk around wait not going to would
raise that would this might be would
what I think it would at the same plant
your maybe intro the very very sad day
today is a day we leave Hawaii was very
very happy day because I haven't been
home in two weeks and we get to go home
I miss the pups so much I miss my bed so
much and it's my house so much the same
as Alec so much but she's been with me
threat that's a positive here in the
situation but today marks the day we go
home and I got a stay we survive this
one we had some encounters where that
weird cave adventure then we had maybe
in the shark-infested water but at the
same time there were no mosquito there
was no rat lung fever or anything like
that so high five on that I say that and
now we're doing one last walk around
wait not going to would raise that would
this might be would what I think it
would at the same plant
be the intro this is definitely gonna be
a fight I'm going to miss four degrees
six have many speeches and everything
but they don't have that scenery over
there or that blue water you want to go
say bye to the beach I planned the water
selection it was like I just had my last
little conversation with water on this
side
traffic force at ten o'clock time to get
on a plane for 12 hours now nine hours
six nine or ten eight a little over my
beat
everything would be nine I guess would
be nine well because they seem calm
we're going to land there he's gonna
fight swing
there might be a dead thing yeah well
you did its way along eight hours like
45 minutes but I don't want this to be
that long or longer on the way back
well we'll say fuck that back and we're
ready go
gonna hit the road go down though this
is the most pain pain in the ass part I
wanna leave why yes I won't say bye I
hate when she used multiple cameras I
was forgetting clips on yes so we
decided to come up to the rooftop for
one last time I told you see it's not
that bad
one less I'm kind of to go photo up here
of why the four seasons old and not like
the best if it's a beautiful deal where
were dropped
ah gotta to get it this kid escaped the
city came I really don't want to leave
I'm not even kidding you I'm
I just walked here so much I like the
other side of the island I think more
just because there's some questions I
think what people would imagine allow
you to be so beautiful lots of greenery
got the beach you have hiking a sea
turtle shark which I'm sure you have
Cesar also turns out here like literally
if the way the saturation and just drank
it that's a hundred percent water
looking at it's just beautiful keep
access camera no yes you damn it is he
did it again it's I do
I guess bringing some know what I just
realized I never did the time-lapse
Dumfries that
five students we've really got here not
that you guys can really tell right now
but all right Hawaii we love you
right now all we're seeing is buildings
up there Simone's back there but
a little water you're gonna miss it
let's cool but I've got along so you got
an amazing time it was a lot of fun but
I mean I've had everything was really
cool but I think I just so tired because
we're in London for a week and never
came here for another week and a half
and I just miss all
I think everything else is pretty pretty
cool yeah both of why we play you
survived
Mahalo goodbye Mahalo think how we found
out what a little hobbies I mean hello
beam the faith kind of thing in it huh
like the gays and then hobbies do like
Moses like so what do you think aloe
does like a little low means like to
feed somebody and have a connection and
Adha means to have something I don't
know I forgot what it was you're going
to look at I thought we learned it
apparently over time but Aloha and
Mahalo now begins the waiting process we
decide to be here four and a half hours
early you have to check out of the hotel
at noon the words like is where we're
gonna do like sit around Alex getting
one last mai tai before we leave and
then we get the long flight I think I
looked at it I think it's like eight and
a half nine hours facing right now after
the London play gonna be easy but it's
going to be one of those days or rigidly
on an airplane I think pretty much the
entire day which is gonna kind of stuck
but the reward will be being at home so
I guess it's worth it
is you you still think he'll put that
back Charles leave alone sapper I'd say
like maybe under control
or like I'm nervous that elated
it's good it's good thanks God you look
good you can't turn it off
there's no switch is that interesting
very interesting those which was
literally her but I'm I didn't really
get kicked out of somewhere one day I
just see it happening that's the only
way you can do it some point and
interest in but it's gotta be good
answers can tell no not really
the board
we can Billy yeah
don't learn how to play the ukulele you
can get you chose a little practice one
there
my first ukulele I'm sure there's some
YouTube videos you can learn to try to
learn I think the way you have to do it
is kind of like almost like I'm thinking
yeah I think it's like a Spanish guitar
I think kind of I mean you should try to
learn plain number one one tie my shoe
anytime I should get restless okay okay
practice is there's no L thoughts and
paper is literally paper here take them
that I am a get out of the Bueller
oh we love direction yes again like
we're part
like that she was perfect like that
making his head and he cleared the two
layers
now
let's milk how do you did anytime you
hear Ali laugh like that is the previous
people laugh oh alright let me offer
can't focus
good you're outside yet
the replay
okay
before they see
all right
secondly
later
anyway
you
