good morning Internet this is an epic
beard so Ali is going to class for the
first time in how long a week and a half
yeah so Ali's go to class luckily I got
to put she's that truck is so loud yeah
I always go to class for the first time
what so wish her luck bye sexy thanks
for the ride okay there's like a huge
bounce house over here like every time I
leave campus something awesome at this
of course Ali forgot her camera so I
gave her mine so I'm using my iPhone
right now but uh what did I wanted to
say I wanted to say something oh yes
yesterday I've been getting a lot of
emails since we've released the hoodies
and the t-shirts that you guys want to
know what CTFxC is for haters means and
uh to be honest it actually doesn't
really mean anything I just thought it
was really funny I think it was like
three years ago we were doing like a
live blog TV show and you guys decided
that you wanted to have shirts that said
is for haters kind of like you know is
for lovers so we made it so that's
that's what CTFxC is for haters means
it's basically whatever you want it to
mean does it mean like we welcome the
trolls does it mean we're haters
ourselves I don't know does it mean
we're lovers and it's just opposite day
it's all up to you and that's what it
means for the new people CTFxC means
Charles Trippy friend core actually I'm
sorry I correct me I'm sorry I was wrong
CTFxC means Charles Trippy family core
we've we've changed it so hopefully that
answers your questions
last night it was up until 7:00 in the
morning I think playing black ops by the
way awesome game I did not know JFK was
gonna be in the game did not know that
pretty awesome don't wanna sign a
spoiler so today I'm going to get ready
for all the merch because this is gonna
be the biggest order we've ever done
there's huh apparently there's a lot of
you guys who want the hoodies so I have
to go to Target and buy lots and lots of
shelves and I'm going to gut that entire
monstrosity of a closet that entire
closet is going to be gutted and put
shelves so
you know I can close it and it doesn't
spew into the office because like it is
now so that is what that is my goal
today I'm going to make one goal today
and that is what it's gonna be
try to organize the house it's so weird
to use the little camera I'll be using
the old school it's so much smaller so
today going to figure out what to do
with this mess or that mess
terrible it's embarrassing you shouldn't
be showing you guys this is so
embarrassing and then we're gonna move
that over in here another show and then
I will feel better about myself
yeah to them they stretch alright
looking for shelves you can use your
your guilt and buy some shelves what are
these these don't we need who would have
thought when they invented the Internet
you guys some day would be like helping
us pick out a shelf in turn it's pretty
strange if you try to write manliness on
the iPhone aliased
manliest it'll autocorrect the manpower
yeah just one for the whole show feel
bad that photo show look okay even as
manly as you look lifting that now try
to look manly pushing the shopping cart
huh okay but wiggle it I need to file my
taxes and got a fish as I'm pushing a
shopping cart that's all men do it looks
like you're stepping in sticky stuff
want something yeah your toy okay hold
on okay there's Ali's old bag alright
hey is that how you ate my trail mix
today he's jumped up here Boyle bitches
are spoiled all right ready ready ready
yeah okay don't forget I forget about
you I got you a giant flea because
you're a flea bag oh you jerk there you
go Marley is that comfortable this is
gonna be fun look at this now watch when
she turns around she turns around like
the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen
it's not ammo Buse I swear she really
does like this look at Zoe she's like
are you a chew toy can i chew on you at
least you can see the floor now
we've made some sort of leeway or
headway there 57 inches you can only fit
two of them I already measured look at
that
I actually measured I did something like
what the stereotypical guy doesn't do
I actually measured your face Alex being
a punk today she's a big punk we have
made progress is it recording this is
Jerry do you like your pajama that's
good
oh no I measured it I measured it this
one's a lot wider than that one so we
can't fit it look at that
the CTFxC store this is where all your
shirts come from I swear this isn't
hasn't been a giant plug for our
t-shirts but I just wanted to show you
guys that we we don't have a giant
company it's just us it comes out of our
closet all our shirts come out of the
closet to you guys it's an old-school
floppy disk and they convert it into a
CD case I thought that was what are you
doing this is my might the mother lode
right here all these are my old
Goosebumps books look at that no these
are mine mine there are goosebumps fine
we'll give them the goodwill you know
it's one what was your favorite
goosebumps did you read them I don't
think you can ever excuse the story oh
it wasn't used your own venture bows
that's rare I think it's this one
actually Ally it was this one right here
choose your own sky and all of them said
I'm all my favorite one that was one of
the first ones brain every book fair I
used to just get so excited actually
this was my least favorite I remember
this one this was my least favorite and
then the the abominable snowman from
like Sacramento or something and then
this one were my favorite ones I think I
remember what was your favorite
goosebump book I can't remember they're
all so good oh that was kind of bad - I
don't remember
and I don't like that one haunted
animals I found it yet this was my
favorite one and then this one was I oh
I love this I love them all yeah I don't
can't give away these I can't get rid of
them they're just so good you just
remind me of a young child a young
Charles and adolescent Charles growing
up in the mean streets of the Bronx
reading goosebumps that's a it to
translate these basically teach you how
to be really bad in Spanish like insults
but some of them are actually like bad
words that mean what does that mean what
she's not she's not translating you guys
kept the translator and now you know cue
music
now all that Jeff have you ever noticed
that no matter what you try to do with
chords they always end up looking like
this
H no seriously that is that is some
organized chords right there that's
pretty impressive honey uh-oh what does
that mean hypno dog says dude is a bit
by shirt new hoodies a vampire shirt new
hoodies paper short blood
birthday psst
with child trippy
where
Trippi an early don't forget
