Ali wasn't feeling too good this morning
and then I brought in a package that she
ordered and immediately an immediately
look she's already out
yeah it's a bag you had a polkadot bag
looks like Marley I just don't get it
I don't get that bag like seriously look
at this where is it
I've had the same wallet same wallet for
10 years we turn around for five seconds
and this is where she's doing
this is Zoey unsupervised yeah we saw
you if you're obsessed with that bag
this is RC oh this is super artsy so
artsy oh my God look at right here my
hand see the dog in there - it's like
angle it down okay wait go we'll move
together
Oh time to pack up head back what are
you that week what are you laughing for
it
you can't even lift it there we go what
is that this one there that's mashed
back me up it's an umbrella it's not
gonna be ruined
hey hey Napoleon get over here
I feel it ok we will see ok so I went
and saw the doctor for like 30 seconds
and she basically asked me if there was
anything wrong I said no and let's play
my favorite game will I make it even
Oh so while I'm waiting for the gasoline
the pump admirers will tell you guys the
good news is a done wait wait hold on
before I tell you the good news this if
I can make this evening we're going to
3080 event go first
come on focus
can I do it yes I win now since I just
totally honed that gas station module
the the news the hoodies I'm stuttering
a lot today the hoodies a lot of guys
asked if we can do the internet killed
television hoodie not not just on a
pullover he wanted on a zip-up I talked
to him and they said it was too much ink
that that wouldn't be possible so I
asked you guys on our Facebook group
what we should do so we're making the
CTFxC s for haters hoodie and purple and
in black in addition to the blue so if
you already got the blue don't worry
you're gonna get it so if you want it in
a different color you can now get it in
purple or in black so you just go to
Internet kill tv.com and you can order
those as of today
yeah just just want to let you guys know
you guys chose the colors hello there
yeah was Jeff Goldblum who's Jeff
Goldblum at remember that game we were
playing in the car that Jesse from prank
Chris Frank taught us are the celebrity
game ally and I are playing beware we're
adding a different we're adding pig you
know like when you're playing like horse
we're gonna play pig so Ali's got a pee
and I gotta pee so what'd you say
would you say
Lauren Conrad Chipper Jones Shepherd
Jonas is real they have
oh I didn't know that they can make
that's really way to go do when you're
brave stop Oh try to get one see
No
Conrad's Charlie Sheen
God pad
see they'll explain the game for those
people I don't have never played it this
is what Jesse says so you have any
celebrity politician whatever and you
have to say the first and last name so
if I say parker posey
all right so if I say Bill Clinton I
always got to think of a celebrity or a
famous person that starts with the C the
first letter of the last name and you
just go back and forth back and forth
back and forth and if you're playing
with multiple people if you have a
double letter so like she said you know
something would be and then I had to
think of some people like if she said
Sarah Jessica Parker and I said parker
posey added a double letter so it sends
it back to the factory
she's fine okay who thinks parker posey
times
every single time Michael I like because
this
it's false
to be bored
second I get home
all the time always giving you those
recommendations like my favorite pants
for you to check out but I never asked
you guys like any new music that you
think that I should check out so right
now I want you guys to flood the
comments and tell me bands that you
think I would like I'm pretty sure you
guys know my my taste in music so just
let me know and we'll see if I can find
three bands and I've never heard of
because right now I'm kind of running
out of music and then listening to all
the music that I have like a million
times merciless is under guard on the
road trip for Tennessee tell me some
good music and if anyone of you anyone
says Justin Bieber I will personally
come and find you and make you listen to
snap case and maybe Slayer and maybe
strife
Chris Smelley what just got home MA I'm
getting some comida good to be home I
feel like we're getting slightly back
into the normal swing of things cuz I
have been so not myself lately
combination of prescription drugs and
just being away from home the Simon and
you going back to school maybe tomorrow
I'm not sure cuz I've been feeling kind
of iffy still a little swollen in the
belly region so I can't really wear
normal pants I've been like in sweat
pants all times
butanol don't you wag your tail at me
don't you wag your tail finally back
home you know what that means
time to play this oh yeah you guys might
not see me for the next couple days
sorry
just gonna play video games now I'm just
kidding I'm gonna limit myself I'm gonna
try to limit myself to only maybe 18
hours of playing call of duty
Ali's already what are you doing oh yeah
that's that's the best thing about going
away for a couple of like a week is
coming back and realizing that you had
perishable foods actually I read the
video about this like a long time ago on
the Charles Trippy Channel what is the
the oldest thing that you've ever found
any refrigerator when I was living at my
parents I think I found like a condiment
by guys it was like mayonnaise or
ketchup or something like that
that was over two years old I don't know
see if you guys can beat that I don't
think you can oh and I have to install
this baby actually you know what the
internet actually brought up a good
point Ali since you swore for no sword
November and I was supposed to win this
what do I get a surprise now yes or no
no I want you no internet no no but you
already swore actually you know I'm
gonna let the Internet decide Internet
what prize should I get disgust he did
not know you said fucking crazy
Ali took away the remote control to the
Google TV now so I just loaded the
YouTube app on Google TV and guess who's
guess who's bearded face I see look at
that there Shey and Shey he's two of the
whatever box is there that's so funny
this looks so cool is awesome
okay maybe internet didn't kill TV it
just migrated and had a hybrid baby
mutant called Google TV
better yet should we name our show
internet killed cable Ali's obsessed
with Superette 8600 and we miss you
already
are you tired there you guys haven't
done anything today why you so tired
look at La she's trying to figure out
Google TV I don't know what it is girls
and technologies don't mix did I just
offend every girl in the okay did I just
offend everybody okay kind of turn this
off now turning it off turn it off turn
it off turn it off so yeah so what are
we doing yeah guess guess whoever got to
get band-aids one route yeah does anyone
ever really look like like like they
didn't just roll out of bed when they go
to CVS look at alleys and sweatpants
it's so much weight that isn't that
isn't bad AIDS
freak out and want ice cream ever
hands-free no the band-aids focus might
be really funny if somebody came in like
Louis Vuitton Gucci like suits to CVS it
just doesn't happen
you've taken away from my call of duty
time for the girl who wants to look like
Snooki Charles is playing black ops he's
like so into it and he cannot hear me
poop head donkey balls poop head due to
bad monkey boss I'm not allowed to
custom saying like ball
we wait
psst
with trippy
with trip in early don't forget
