yeah it's raining see you later
Tennessee and mountain let's talk about
the rain we're gonna go hiking we can go
hiking the rain
it's so pretty though all the colors
good morning Internet today's the last
day and I'm doing dishes
Damon Damon's here cleaning up
everything else it's actually you know
what for having how many youtubers were
sleepy seven six we're having like six
youtubers in here this is actually
pretty clean Bert for the amount member
prank house I mean if you remember prank
house it was not exactly clean yeah so
alright we're gonna we gotta get ready
special forces all the Special Forces
time to pack up see ya Jesse Jesse and
Gina are back there somewhere wait who's
back here
I'm snug as a bug in a rug I Can Has
Cheezburger you're right there dog the
dog just went up and hit the head her
nose to the music and then she's bobbing
her head nikasha a problem has been to
your computer
did you know chill oh man I missed you
David you got you two didn't Alex that's
like the best break you do
fuck the Narnia
we're gonna go exploring a little bit
yeah jump from rock to rock exploring
the great wilderness
Oh
sweet how cold is this water oh yeah hey
oh wow that is cold water dog it
there's a fight there's a fight fight
fight fight it's the brawny man out
there
I like your paper towels sweet everyone
survived ride it even flinch shit I had
the camera on him the whole time okay
that's how we know we're in the
mountains
you you all you're out oh that works
that works where Hong
Dennis Miller
there you go good luck with that he's
joking clock's ticking he's joking
what's up
spotlight Maury Povich oh yeah yeah no
dude I'm just I'm just giving you
suspension
thank American art
hello Ron ham have you said Michael
Jordan Michael Jordan right
how about Jordan sparks I was going to
say that but I don't want to do that
Jeremy pivot pivot
if it Jerry we pivot Jerry pivot
spotlight on he's joking tell me some
about me I don't know
okay so it's P yeah
Pamela Anderson oh we do yeah yeah yeah
that's what freestyle is dude
yo yo yo Axl Rose Oh what's up
quit everybody right now even gonna be
close
Damon's got a little partner what's your
head Oh Chad watch your head all right
you guys have five minutes I don't know
an adventure you know what it turned
into an adventure that's what it is no
disaster an adventure so they're trying
to do something with United they're
starting to do with Delta looks like
it's a misadventure doesn't it so we're
trying to find flights back to to Philly
and you guys want to see something
really crazy look at this look at the
travel time for that flight right there
no no the travel time right there for
that flight look at that way over 64
hours I don't know 64 hours you might
know that's serious
I know okay let me switch I show it to
you look at this this is legit no look
at it travel time layover you know in
Chicago for a few days it's been fun
though
having missing two fighter missing the
flight aside it's been a fun trip and
this is adds to it it's the YouTube
trail of tears
exactly yeah we didn't want to leave
each other all right it is now 8:30 in
the morning all right no it feels like
8:30 in the morning we are now beginning
our road trip back we had the blast
hardcore music
right which isn't really hard for the
important thing is that we have now
taken a vow of insomnia through the
entire trip now so that way we all stay
up a product placement so this time we
can get there in time we're heading our
way home yeah it's gonna keep you up and
then I got to drive two hours to the
east coast west coast of Florida and
then five hours back but people get
there the rest of the guys are in the
hotel until tomorrow he's a little fun
thing when I ask you we were just going
over our very remember a couple weeks
ago where I was like tweet your 16 year
old self on Twitter we were talking
about screen names so I want to ask you
guys what your very first screen name
wasn't like cutie sexy babe twenty
cupcakes
mine was social crisis what was yours
Scottie 34 Skyy a 30 what was the other
one now he's got it too honey was yours
was it really that's actually pretty
impressive what was your first one
superspy Oh dog 11 yeah we still don't
know what that so see if you guys can
beat that tell me in the comments we're
gonna compare who had the worst first
username or AOL name or aim name so tell
me in the comments and we'll see who has
the worst one the worst one just sum it
up and then won't be able to see it at
the top all right almost home there's
Atlanta and there's no traffic because
it's really late
we are about an hour and a half away
we're filming your video in a rest stop
randomly in Georgia yeah seriously this
is basically yeah we have to leave every
five minutes because people keep coming
in and it doesn't look awkward when I'm
holding this camera in a bathroom so
yeah yeah I there's a shot we're at the
shoot him under the stall with his pants
down completely awkward so oh okay I
yell in the back yeah no that is all
yeah not threatening not threatening at
all okay you guys remember that act that
we all agreed to of staying up rolling
an hour in he's already asleep
look at that ridiculous ridiculous
the Brotherhood has already broken now
Zach say no seeds and hopefully
hopefully you stay away the problem has
been to your computer
for realsies
yes
with child tripping
see
with Gianelli
don't forget
