good morning guys just waking up for my
little hobbit hole 12 o'clock and we
have to be out of here until 45 so it's
my job to wake everybody up
all right let's wake up stare page
they're gonna be a part of that look we
got one up good sweet sweet sweet is
alex sleeping there he goes
wake up this road isn't so scary during
the day where's all in our imaginations
oh okay we're gonna keep moving all
right so we're going to one zip lines
right now we were just looking at all
the creepy random things there was a
giant field in a kiddie pool and then in
the background of another field was a
rundown the dollhouse you're gonna see
some really creepy stuff yeah the
longest zipline in the area largest in
the world largest in the world
our zipline in the world the whole wide
world it's got a Hummer limo they have
money I got this so we can do this again
since you guys have been liking the
whole GoPro action shot the trippy cam
I've never been ziplining so we're gonna
get to sign my life away again
now look like a red Busta Rhymes there
we go
gonna making purple because we don't see
race
everyone's one color and their purple
indigo is that blue or purple I think
Internet decide what color is indigo is
it blue or purple oh alright when you
guys were younger when you color did you
go up and down like this or did you do
the circles I always did the circles
looks a lot better people do this people
do this alright guys ready ready ready
go
Shortbus with my helmet you sounded like
special-ed from that cranking yeah holy
crap I'm strapped in good right I'm not
going to fall Brandon right Brandon and
I'm strapped in right all right Lina
back off you go
Arrivals indoor skydiving I think right
now
we're gonna try a different angle
oh is it bouncing it that what's going
on I want to do a bicycle kick the whole
way
I tried to keep a straight face all the
time I can do it no smoking Smokey the
Bear says this is like the coolest thing
about up north though is the changing of
the leaves alright we're gonna see you
and hooks each other first
and then that's the winner at the end
Wow the scenery is just amazing - and
you look at that yeah
we're going on the last one the rate
alex am i racing you so I can film it
yes okay you want to you want to say if
you could chew in it sure I could get
you saying one
that was awesome
oh you guys have fun it was so cool
those are dangerous dangerous wolves all
right so after a long day of ziplining
what are we gonna do of course we're
gonna go eat the greasiest his most
disgusting burgers at five guys that we
possibly could do actually I've never
had five guys so it's gonna be oh my god
this is this is gorgeous that is so
bright okay sorry I just had a stupid
nature moment
sorry I had a nature moment that was
look at that I know I'm not the only one
right I'm just gonna leave this one up
to you guys I expect to see it in the
comments funny if I order some veggie
thing here
you want a veggie burger oh yes I
figured since we haven't filmed the
girls in such a long time we should say
hello nuts I miss you I haven't used the
flip I'm trying to use the flip meadow
it's the first time I've used this in a
really long time wanted to say hello
excuse me my face I'm alive I'm doing
better then I was been kind of funny
because of transition in the vlogs for
the past few days has been like Charles
doing crazy stuff and then me like okay
one last thing in case you have not well
you haven't seen it yet actually okay so
they had to laparoscopically go through
my belly button and I just decided I'd
show you guys so it's a little graphic
and my belly's still a little swollen I
am not pregnant
that is where they did the incision so
that is where my jacked up as there and
there so that is my cute belly button
that's right my surgery okay what did
you do somebody was he's just gonna
blues to play oh you have to use
scissors to cut the string where the
scissors oh there's the blue other time
this is serious always freefall I want
to be on I like red I got nothing but I
got some really awesome shots so the
first person shooter shots all right we
gotta go see who won well I got 320
points Jesse one she just got real we
just get a practice round and now this
round we're gonna do it again
and we're actually they're giving away a
Google TV to the winner I'm not gonna
record this one I'm gonna try to win
this you guys are going down we're all
going down then you already went down
basically what he's pretty good on the X
at the x-axis
all right this is for the Google TV
going down it's aa really creepy whoa
I'll blind you
Oh so here's the deal Jessie won the
first round
Alex won the second one so they're
competing for a Google TV from UVA TV
and so I want you guys to say in the
comments who you thinks gonna win before
we start this Alex or Jesse just like
it's almost like a repeat of yesterday
well the Alex are Jesse who will win the
Google TV I should a lot that go car so
yeah so tell me in the comments right
now and we'll see wins
if the rack will feel like I'm saying
that was smart
questions like Alex won
look at that forget back to Alex
records elements are to do anything you
guys played Pokemon they gotta catch
them all whoever gets it when surprised
you have to guess the name of that
pokemons gonna do it let's see who it is
chicken
pokey chicken pole this is somebody's
like diehard collection we're just like
throwing out a copy
how many people are actually cringing
right now in the audience chi uh we've
been doing all right we're shooting
Alex's new video you know we got all the
pokemon cards up there everyone's gonna
make it rain Pokemon we're shooting in
Outback Zach
yes
with trippy
with trip in early
you
