literally she's showing you her ass yeah
good morning hey guys good 5:00 a.m.
it's cold do you think the other
truckers make fun of his small load high
five for inappropriateness you didn't
look too fresh to me yeah I know I
should have bought better shoes look at
this mine are like yeah these are I
don't know
sighs huge size ginormous I am freezing
freezing freezing freezing all right
let's see where we currently are
we're going into the earth
we're the only ones so yeah we didn't
die there was the giant fiery explosion
it was all it was all annotation this is
a wheezy waiter check it out the leaves
are changing it's amazing oh not a big
deal just blasted some you know
Christmas music and looking at giant
mountains we are currently in North
Kerala oh look at this North Carolina
doesn't take kindly to skateboard yeah
so we're in North Carolina right now and
I guess we are two hours away from
Tennessee we got to go pick up Jesse and
his girlfriend prankvsprank and then
we'll be there and I will good to go to
sleep it's currently seven o'clock in
the morning um Ali has to go in for the
procedure
in two hours and that so she's gonna
give me a call and let me know before
she goes in and everything but yeah
she's gonna give me a call just before
she goes in and it should be totally
routine and she's not worried she's
tough like we whatever adjective you
guys came up with yesterday look at this
guy's
it's like I'm smoking smoking is bad
though very bad you smokers you should
stop smoking I'm just gonna vlog like
this you see that guy in the car you see
him is he staring at us right now is he
staring do you see him North Carolina
doesn't take kindly to that wake up you
will all die perish I miss Reagan
okay let's see your other eye this is
full blue this I know the half brown
half blue that's so cool that allergic
look who we found now we're heading back
well Damon actually he lost his credit
card at the Burger King yesterday
remember that so we got to go credit
cancels credit card and get some food
and then fall asleep come on Tennessee
you gotta give us fake iPods mp3 they
look legit but they're not great
multimedia player as if that's just a
wee bit tired so yesterday was 1111 and
today is 1112 do you guys know what
happened 55 years ago
you guys want to know this happened
right there never forget never forget
1.21 gigawatts so everyone's currently
eating in the food the food city it's
called food city and I opted to hang out
with Kayla why Scott went 1/8 and did
you guys know the post office USPS is
reporting eight point five billion
dollars in loss for 2010 guess I guess
that lady in Tallahassee that manager
shouldn't have turned me away huh joke's
on her mm-hmm-hmm
snip snap oh no she did I need to go to
sleep we are going nowhere this is
pretty much it just ends you have no
idea where we're going
dude you're home for the next two days
homey it's it's like it's like it's like
what you said it's just like a giant
Lincoln Log I just literally watched
that like four days ago who's gonna get
the virus first smells like wood this is
really nice Wow the dogs already looking
for third wait you just wanted inside
now you want back outside stay up okay
let's check out these there's a jacuzzi
that's funny holy crap that's kind of
far that's really pretty though yeah oh
look at that YouTube's sent us a care
package yeah see YouTube care Thank You
Margaret and Shahnaz thank you you too
hey mr. Tennessee ladybug what are you
doing
cleaning yourself okay so this is really
cool they're hooking us up the
interesting thing about this there's
only one in the United States only one
globe riding thing I'm gonna give props
to you on this one fine yeah what we
want it's a New Zealand in here in
Tennessee Smoky Mountains so this is
gonna be really interesting look at this
you got to go all the way down that hill
in a giant bubble there that's a pretty
photo you like that one yeah there we go
I got my certificate all right so I'm
going to be doing the dry one are you
doing that you just tell your soul food
oh yeah basically our cabin reminds me
of cabin fever with you know the boy
baseball guy anyway so you're doing the
wet one and I covered a couple other
people basically it's prepared to as a
I guess he's a water slide and I'm gonna
do the dry run with this I forgot the
water proof thing will be easy but yeah
I want to see seriously awesome thanks
to these guys for hooking us up their
lettuce lettuce they're hooking us up
big-time so gotta give gotta give props
so say thank you sore and if you're ever
in the Smoky Mountains come here it's
the Smoky Mountains in Tennessee let's
say CTFxC sent you let's get everyone
doing this we start there and end here
look at I'm shaking I'm kind of nervous
they're kind of lame bye guys alright
our limo the limo to the top of the hill
all right this is gonna be so cool and
I'll do the driveway
yeah yeah that's how big the hill is
they're gonna roll down this let's just
hope they come back alive there are some
big balls okay I feel like I'm gonna get
claustrophobic
whoa it's like a being any like a raft
like a pool pool raft this would be so
much fun what would it be I know I know
Oh Thank You sorb there's are the wet
footprints of Jesse they told me I
couldn't hold it so I have to strap this
to my my leg
I guess so we can have a nice little
shot okay so I got you all okay we're
going in
do my shoes me my shoes sue me this is
the right way that's it
first you gonna be we're gonna put your
feet through the loops on the floor yeah
and then tighten them down
yeah I guess I'll do it right there I'm
currently strapping on the camera so
that way I can take you guys who are
able to visit them in Tennessee on a
journey on a journey of epic proportions
I mean that looks like it's on I'm about
to go where many men have gone before
you know so cheesy
Oh
don't sit down oh wow hey how's it go
that was pretty sweet okay yeah Charles
Trippy my god that was so awesome
you should yeah well thank you what do
you feel like at first it was just you
know like tumbling but then once you get
the momentum and then you get started
bouncing that was pretty intense
I was pretty intense oh man all the
money good
oh okay I just was told
Jennifer I was told by Jennifer that
this is in fact the longest zorb track
in the world that we're going down is
that crazy it is unbelievable
all right you're going now I think
that's the only way you can get in there
it's not very graceful does anyone ever
do this in a dress
I just want to say I think your brandy
brandy you want to say hi to the
internet seriously everyone at Zoar out
there hooking us up if you're ever in a
Smoky Mountain area you need to come and
check this out it's the longest zorb
hill you can globe ride the longest zorb
hill it's gonna be amazing
so go say hi to Brandi have fun we're in
the first were you the first first we
know be the vampire after spinning
around what else what else you know we
got to get some awesome Tennessee
barbecue oh that's cool
dude there's a raccoon like right there
things pretty big a little bandit hey
raccoon rocky rock oh stop changing it
your punk you're obviously feeling way
better how you feeling honey
so you may think you're gonna remember
going back it was crazy like I was
wheeled into the oh I they put me on the
table and she's like honey it's just got
a little extra oxygen to help you
breathe so I'm gonna put it over your
face okay first you want to pull the
tape off very gently because the
patient's take the tape the tape is fine
the hair comes with the tape but we tell
them that we won't charge them for free
wax
I told you I told you you didn't have
anything to worry about and then there's
a daddy longlegs over there I don't want
to see yours tonight we had to get the
the Australian is big big what the fuck
that's a tiny little thing you know
moving Austria on you know me Jersey New
Jersey
you can beat downs and music tony little
Slava Howard about doing it I'm not
doing I'm just recording the Australia
with the spider
thank you lookin chasin after us
if it binds advice advice yeah okay so
he's hungry listen to what she does when
I move to hate the food
you're getting it soon
yes
which all tripping
we're here
with trip in early don't forget to eat
more
