you guys know what yeah you guys know
what you get to look forward to when you
get older candy for breakfast
adulthood delicious are you feeling
honey good okay so Ellie has to go
through the procedure tomorrow and I've
been trying to figure out what I need to
do as far as if I just still go to
Tennessee or stay here and I really want
to stay here and make sure she's okay
but Allie is making me she's
conceptually mad at me if I actually
didn't go to Tennessee alla is one tough
cookie
you know actually let's come back to
that really quickly tough cookie what
why is that like anything good because
when you want a cookie you don't want a
tough cookie you want a delicious soft
cookie should be something like she's
one tough Rock but that makes more sense
one tough piece of steel so make sure
there's a lot of comments telling Allie
to get better and that she's tough as
something actually will play a game say
Allie you were as tough as blank and
fill in the blank was something that's
like tough like manly tough or womanly
it could be womanly you were tough as
the hulk hogan's
fist twenty years ago see you can be
creative I want to see some creative
ones an and give her something to do
when she's all doped up on vicodin again
just a friendly reminder all they do
drugs that are prescribed to you
seriously I'll find you
oh no she found me she found me yeah
okay go to the doctor guy go get your
blood work come on we gotta go doctor
where you go one more time if yesterday
the 11th looked like this on YouTube for
yourself is this what your YouTube look
like everything pretty much broken if
you didn't get yesterday's vlog in the
subscription box please let me know I
can send all that information to YouTube
and tell them what's breaking where it's
breaking all that stuff but I'm pretty
sure the entire sites having problems
hopefully they're fixing it they're
fixing it so just you know those people
asking why the vlog hasn't been or the
iPhone Channel or anything like that I
have like three videos I want to post on
the Charles Trippy channel but I'm so
afraid because I don't think anyone's
gonna be able to see it because the
subscription box so are you watching a
washer face
yeah that's actually pretty cute little
perfume this vlogging hi so you don't
understand it's not funny
they'll do that do it brings serious
weight fit serious abrasive on man there
we go
his called regaled and it's like a
racing game and you're basically like a
20 car and you race around like a Shh
around like why I like shops and stuff
like oh I can't even tell if you're in
the frame oh yeah that's been real
so where we going so we're not being in
the blog somebody said on Twitter it
feels weird come back into the is that
amazing I don't like magic
that he's been recording did you minute
record okay good five minutes so I'm
sorry I feel bad I'm going to the
hospital hospital
that's $2 I'm laughing at the way you
saying baby I'm going to get a lot of
work right now so it probably means on a
half point
what you get Wow
Ali got she got to treat herself
Ali aah son Ali treated herself to some
more lip gloss smells like vanilla smell
it can you can you smell it smells like
the dogs are still on daylight savings
time so Zoey always thinks it's time to
eat an hour before and she freaks out
nobody got there I see that or catnip
really don't forget to bring a towel
Zoey
whoops sir but that right so I am
currently getting ready to drive to
Orlando to meet up with Scott and the
rest of the people further Tennessee
trip Allie said if I did not go she was
going to punch me in the face and I
believe it after that medication no but
seriously I I have hands-down the most
thoughtful fiance on the planet this is
what she said she said she didn't want
to disappoint you guys because a lot of
you been looking forward to the whole
trip and seeing everybody recording it
and getting some cool footage and she
said she didn't want to disappoint the
CTFxC so she's making me go and I really
wish I could be there with her but I
know should we find her parents you know
her parents will be there with her she
loves you she's always think of you guys
but you were like Charles what was the
surprise the surprise guys was the
Huttese the the releasing of the hoodies
again back that was the surprise thought
it was simple I thought it was cool and
the the vampire shirt I thought that was
a cool surprise
I just turned the windshield wipers on
whoops let's turn those off okay you're
killing me you're killing me smalls
you're killing me and you guys were kind
of upset about the prices of the hoodies
and things like that and the shipping
but I want to I want to explain it to
you guys I want to be completely honest
with you if you if you don't believe it
that's that we have good prices go to
American Apparel net or calm or whatever
and look at the prices of just the plain
hoodie that our hoodie just plain
without our design it's like 46 $50
we're like eight to ten dollars cheaper
than them themselves we don't have like
an army or a giant assembly line it's
just Ali and myself we literally collect
the orders we print the orders out we
label everything we pack everything we
fell all the international forms we fold
all the t-shirts who organized the
t-shirts we packed the shirts and then
we take them and deal with asshole USPS
employees all for you and that's what
that that's what that is and then on top
of that we have to film the daily video
I don't want to I don't be like oh geez
you guys it sucks so bad and just
complain but I just wanted to be
completely upfront and explain it
because I know a lot of people don't
really get it but I know I know there's
some internet Landers it's not even cool
but some people for the people that live
in the internet guys understand I hope
you guys are if the bottom line if you
want the hoodies in the shirts please go
get them internet kill tv.com if you if
you can't if you don't want to that's
fine too I just wanted to make it
available to those who wanted it so
thank you for being so awesome and
supporting CTFxC and your church your
school your neighborhood what what dog
and maybe if enough people get the real
vampire don't Sparkle t-shirt that we
have available
maybe we'll convert some Twilight fans
oh and that's the other thing all the
other t-shirts are still available the
hater shirts raffle shirts the burrito
shirts the nerd shirts those are still
there man I just talked for like 20
minutes I'm sorry start to drive get
used to it we have like a twenty
four-hour drive to Tennessee I'm not
driving Scott's driving I'm gonna sleep
must be getting close
Disney World blasted Tollbooth I should
make just at you I obviously chose the
wrong booth to go - oh look it's blurry
all right so what's Scott's house
yeah there's fizzy fizzy all right so
there's his dogs which ones which now
their mini Huskies and you're just like
Tyson you're crazy like Tyson look at
this
he's got a stingray where'd he go look
at that you are seriously like Tyson
that's so funny
how's it going yeah that's okay you can
do that it's alright shake I now all
right we're heading out to Tennessee we
gotta go test we got a dog with us
alright we're trying to pick up Danna
Danna Richards on YouTube
Dada she here and if you're Danna nope
try to find a Danna
Danna Richards just gotta go number
three Danna there we go see it work just
yell it's all you got to do is yell for
people we found you I just have to say
this is a momentous occasion right now
it is 11 11 on 11 11 Oh momentous
occasion until next year when it's gonna
be 11 11 on 11 11 11
that's gonna be crazy she want to share
this crazy moment with you just take a
tangible
I told I told Charles to go on the trip
to Tennessee because I want to stay of
course he wants to be here Athena
support me but so he's not being selfish
he's doing what I like it Scott's
finally coming it's not raining Matt
Damon's gonna probably kill us Scott
just let him drive this car is literally
this like three times the size of my car
look at all those hooligans how many
damn hooligans oh if you hit them all
yeah no that's five times at least ten
points a piece like dancing like you're
dangerously this is ho downing
to be a long trip a long trip
alright pit stop number two or three I
can't really remember I think we're in
Georgia Bravin good old Georgia door
where are we
I we're in Georgia there were there
so we're almost not really there but um
I've been I've been doing really well
what what ten more minutes we'll be
there it's a couple edits later I'm
being good I'm editing right now see
guys go to bed I just finished my work
we're gonna have to continue this we
have a 12-hour drive to tell Tallahassee
able to see Tallahassee Tennessee so we
will continue this epic adventure
tomorrow I'll pack Zack Steve fizzy
Scott Scott Scott wake up
hypno dog says dude who doesn't bet my
shirt new hoodies a vampire shirt new
hoodies remember short blood
worse yet sexy
with y'all trippin
with trip in early
you
