let's see here let's find Marley oh
there she is hey Snookie are you getting
your tan on yeah you like that son no
yeah Snookie Snookie
okay I'm sorry I'll let you continue
sunbathing going to the D o SI te o our
doctor guy couldn't get the rhythm in
the spelling correctly burn Ally's uh
doctor appointment right now to see what
they can do and getting rid of get rid
of the stupid cyst the CTFxC is angry at
the cyst want to punch in the belly and
Ally's going to be doped up with her
parents while I go to Tennessee I know
it sounds like it sounds like I'm being
selfish but she told me I should go
have a great experience that's not so
Rabat say it say you want me to go tell
me tell them that you want me to go I'll
punch you in the face oh by the way we
have a special surprise for you guys to
later in the video I'll tell you I just
want to tell you while I'm driving
because I want to use my arms and show
expression and be over-exaggerated when
I tell you what it is I'm just messing
with you it's pretty cool though
fun fact this is actually where I was
born so Ollie's at home resting I'm
gonna try to bail out a few more
t-shirts I have a different post office
I'm down in Sarasota stubble to try at
this post office and see if they're
friendlier than the Tallahassee one who
who wants to bet they are how much you
guys want to bet the owner of that El
Camino has a mullet but I think the
prerequisites to getting an El Camino is
not really good credit or even having
money but you have to have a mullet if
you have a mullet you can own an El
Camino so what'd you guys think should
we do year three like this entirely what
do you think sweetheart oh she's still
sleeping should we do year three like
this stop it on your head the whole time
entire year have this oh my gosh I want
to put it on Marley alright let's go
test this guy out I just put the
waterproof housing on it so I'm going to
see how good the the waterproof enos is
and I don't have my bathing suits oh
look look one time one time
what was that English remember this is
like a waterproof case so it's probably
not gonna have the best audio but the
videos gonna be awesome look at that
lens live at boom-boom-boom I have a
switch because I didn't want Ali's
parents
come out me in my boxers all right so
how do I get my shirt off okay guys go
oh that is cold I got one of these too
so I can mount it I'm like a like a car
or a bike so I'm gonna try that out
all right how cold is it it is 65
degrees yeah give me count off
don't do it okay so I wanted to test all
the different film modes so this is 60
frames 720p
so I wanted to let you guys know now
that I have your attention and I'm
shirtless hmm of the darkness today is
the day that you guys can get the
CTFxC is for haters zip up Hoodie the
internet killed television pullover
hoodie and the new grill vampires don't
Sparkle t-shirt so if you want to get
those go to internet killed television
calm or internet killed TV calm and go
to the store and go pre-order everything
I order a large bunch so it hopefully
will be here sooner than the last
pre-order I'll go check those out it
makes for a great you know winner
Christmas gift and if you have a
Twilight friend that you want to convert
the Dracula shirt is perfect so if you
want to get the hoodie hoodie or t-shirt
or any of the other t-shirts they are
now available so I want everyone also to
if you can in the comments say Thank You
Reinholds for designing both the inner
killed television logo and the Dracula
t-shirts so they're really awesome and
I'll have a contact if you guys need any
graphics this guy is the shiznit I was
gonna say the bomb but the she isn't
it's better so if you want those there
on the site now I'm gonna go take a
shower
she's alive so we went to go visit
Melissa and play some golf virtual golf
let's get a look at those socks those
are sick socks you ready for me to be
awesome at virtual golf I would be
virtually awesome you're right I think
we're just gonna pick it up and just
start throwing it how does it even work
he's making a mockery of golf is what
he's doing why are you swinging like
half-speed know you
well by the way I've already conceded
twice apparently if you suck so bad they
just push you hunt to the next hole
that's what she said oh that's dirty
there that was better but we got a
switch-hitter over here
again didn't oh you got to do it again
you gotta hit hard right yes
fail virtual golf all right what you got
what you got to do is get a hit that
little white ball with them that's
that's how you play the game that thing
that's ridiculous I'm not that bad I
love you number one number one do it for
the children
oh that was really good
baby my name is
the greatest singer in all the world
you know what it looks like a mess like
a cattle prod
bring her instead we've only come to
just like except like the constant
howling that comes with these dogs in
alley
we wait
merci psst
with trippy
with Gianelli don't forget so hey Marley
you
