hey guys so ready for snow it's
outrageous moustache Shawn hilarious
jokes aside I gotta start packing we're
heading down to Sarasota a couple days
early Ali's going to go to another
doctor to get everything taken care of
tomorrow
and so everybody she's doing good she's
doing good actually look at she's still
on her vicodin so she's still passed out
thumbs up baby can you give a thumbs up
there we go
so I gotta start packing
I guess I'm hearing that Tennessee isn't
going to be snowing so I'm a little
bummed that we Knight might not actually
get to go snowboarding but the good news
is we might go indoor skydiving so that
should be pretty interesting so I got to
kind of pack everything I actually just
finished editing a new skit for the
Charles Trippy channel but since
YouTube's been broken for the past week
I'm kind of afraid to post it so I'll
probably wait until next week or
whenever youtube fixes itself it's
another quick video and it's actually
based on a true story I shot it a couple
of weeks ago it's actually I like it I
like but I don't want to hype it up too
much cuz you guys get mad when I hype it
up but I like it it's fun and I think
you guys will actually appreciate or
sympathize with it anyway I actually
just finished editing a new skit for the
Charles Trippy channel but since
YouTube's been broken for the past week
I'm kind of afraid to post it so I'll
probably wait until next week or
whenever YouTube fixes itself it's
another quick video and it's actually
based on a true story I shot it a couple
weeks ago it's actually I like it I like
but I don't want to hype it up too much
cuz you guys get mad when I hype it up
but I like it it's fun and I think you
guys will actually appreciate or
sympathize with it anyway also I spent
the past hour getting the the hoodies
and the Dracula t-shirt all situated so
hopefully in the next couple days I'll
announce when those go on sale some of
you don't believe me that I didn't play
black ops last night look at this I'm
telling the truth
still in they're still in the packaging
it's killing me I know
totally killing because I leave I leave
Thursday I'm like if you ever play this
thing
oh well I'll be waiting for when I get
home I'm sorry I walked you right into
that one didn't I
the new camera yes now I can strap it on
my head and you guys can see what I see
I really opened snows now one cuts this
out so Ali's currently packing right now
to go down the stairs so it for a doctor
tomorrow and I decided to get out and
you know get some air I've been inside
all day trying to clean up and play
catch up I wanted to say thank you guys
again for being really understanding
with the vlogs being kind of a regular
as far as the length I know it's not
they haven't been very long as you know
we've been kind of traveling a lot and
being in the car and kind of emergency
trips and things like that so thank you
guys for beyond being understanding I
know yeah you guys are awesome for you
know not trying to kill me for having a
short vlog or anything like that but
thanks for understanding we scared you
on a side note though I think I got to
stop coming to this park at least that
night some shady people start hanging
out underneath the little bridge well I
guess that makes sense hanging out under
a bridge bunch of trolls are hanging out
under the bridge trolls ruin everything
whether it's the internet or your
favorite park well that's a pretty
sunset
oh I completely almost forgot so I have
good news I got an email from NASA and
the next window for the launch is
November 30th through December 6 which
is perfect and I will try to go to the
shuttle launch then keep seriously not
only fingers crossed but you have to
cross your toes and your eyes and your
hair to make sure that thing like
launches when we go down there dogs
Marley where'd they go there's one of
them
hey everyone get your duck we packed
your duck come on guys let's go come
here yeah put your leash on it's not
food weirdo he's so weird okay guys I'm
gonna try the GoPro and I'm going to
strap it on top of the road control and
just the fun out of it dude
lame okay so I wanted to try out helmet
camera now here so it's sort of like how
we can be nice to helmet there we go see
right there
sweet so this is what I see this is
through the vision of me let me go see
this ally on her phone and there is
Marley hi Marley hello you know hello
wait Zoe Zoe Zoe come here oh yeah this
not more let it be your drugs on you
send very southern in that one it comes
out sometimes I really like it when they
have those little not you know the
little notches so that you can just like
pump the gas and not hold it
see I hate it when they don't have it so
you have to get all creative have you
ever heard of that urban legend where
like if you pump the gas too quick too
much air gets in and you get a more air
than gas is that it
do you know if there's a myth or not is
that a myth or like if you're slower you
pump it the more gas to get I'm always
too lazy I always just pump it
that's what she said
is it in focus so I checked my medicine
and Charles just he gave me too many
options what am I supposed to be doing
Marley so I have medicine that I take
and it makes me like really tired yeah
oh my gosh I'm sorry
um we're leaving Tallahassee now I'm
going to the doctor tomorrow
my doctrines are so that I always go to
to see if I need some kind of surgery or
camera so hold on
I took drugs like five minutes ago no
joke it's like ridiculous I feel so
weird you're not supposed to be up there
when Charles comes back don't look at me
in that tone of voice oh goodness I
can't do this very much longer cuz my
arm is tired that's what she said that's
it good
um god world's worst vlogging sorry put
the camera down now how you doing
you still gonna make fun of my music did
you show me what you have but I have no
idea what's going on
you're right I should clarify she took a
pill two pills go home with it a
prescription huh
no you explained it already I apologize
for today's vlog I just apologized for
sucking today but we're allowed to suck
everyone's right we definitely don't
want to go left a little stupid towles
again
excuse me Marley you can't drive a car
you know how to drive cars this isn't
normal in Florida can you even see it
you still not getting it
we wait
yes
with y'all trippin
see
finale don't forget to a Marley
