good morning guys guess where we are the
ER people here we're stuck in the kids
section
basically it was all right make it look
like a nanny for a five-year-old honey
let's see your stylish new uh arm we're
nice ok so here's an update we have to
go to the other section of the hospital
because they can only do so much I guess
is what they said so well figure it out
honey
will think hey you want to you want to
you want to show them your mullet do
your moment so you see she does this to
Jojo
it's a Joe Dirt yeah we're gonna keep it
down like this
do not play ever use medical supplies
getting your first IV yeah im so hard
core don't - I'm high I feels awesome
al he's a champ she just got her first
IV I like am I kidding I'm not gonna be
a huge way any more pain oh he did
really good I told her to watch football
it was big wiggle my big toe and I was
like it's never hurt this
yes CER time yeah
oh I forgot to show you guys this alley
one of the water and I didn't have this
is hilarious I didn't have I don't have
a credit card and now he had a $20 bill
but don't have changed machine and so I
put the $20 in and look what he gave me
I have gold this is like the dollar no
no it's not it just looks kind of cool
though we have a cold I did yeah
oh the funniest part after I got all
this change I went to go get the water
and it had a credit card slide oh my god
that can kill you that's not honey
you're gonna have to pee a lot that's
for sure so they think it might be her
appendix we don't know so we're still
waiting watching Comedy Central
yes I swear that's not more fiendish
she's okay no it's just water
so we're still waiting it's four o'clock
I don't know what this forever
he'll you stop freaking out you're okay
you're not gonna explode
I think she's gonna explode if a little
bubble gets in there look this way gotta
get a cat scan see if it's her appendix
gall bladder or kidneys what is that
face oh it's been another hour when the
Pens go 10 is being bad 5 they're gonna
give us some drugs in the hospital takes
like 4 hours cuz they make sure that you
actually need it how they just got some
drugs
she's been laughing like five minutes
straight
hey you got a date she wants up laughing
you're right you do your moment there
you go that looks like a mullet right
now it's so funny
no it's serious it's serious what's
serious yeah serious face yeah she's so
out of it an immediate we were talking
about Thanksgiving last year and
immediately she completely forgot what
she's talking about she was talking
about her trance that was going on Wow
ally is waiting for them to figure out
what kind of scan they're gonna do I
have to go to the dogs because they've
been by themself for like six six and
half hours and he needs to go to
bathroom someone go feed them then go
back and hopefully she's pretty much
sleeping right now the medicine pretty
much put her to sleep hopefully
everything will be fine and we'll be
done soon she can go home and rest
because she's stressing out cuz she's
missing two exams do you hungry are you
hungry
okay all right guys do your doggy
business I gotta go back to the hospital
hi
oh not check to get that on film did you
see that totally did it alright so I'm
back at the hospital now it was funny
when I was leaving the TV was set to
scrubs so I'm gonna try to find the
scrubs character so I'm gonna try to
find Zach Braff and all the other ones
dr. Cox the janitor at this hospital
because I think TV lied to me Oh TV why
can't everything be like a comedic
sitcom drinking a it's like chalk for
your insides
makes me Technicolor together CP skin Oh
Ali Ali was this asking the nurse what
the worst thing that she's ever seen bad
idea to ask no it's pretty she said like
with his she's right next to the trauma
centers right there yeah their scalp
missing like gunshot wounds thank you
guys coming I told him to say this
rainbows and unicorns oh that's not a
good sign it's not paramedics come in
for somebody's hurt and I heard some
people crying too is kind of sad I know
you're in pain it's okay oh my gosh it's
eight o'clock we're still waiting for
the results definitely a long day we're
gonna go get out some more drugs what's
she doing her head she's doing so we're
gonna get Ali some vicodin we found out
what it is yeah what else you got right
there
as a reward I was ABM she's a little bit
loopy so so they found out the cat scan
the CT CT can't see table the CT scan
said it was an ovarian cyst right it's a
variance is the size of a fist or a
tennis ball bigger than a golf ball it's
bigger than my over so the good news is
that it's not anything serious or
dangerous or anything like that so we
got to call another doctor tomorrow and
have that taken care of so thank you
guys for being so thoughtful and caring
she actually helped all your comments
and things like that
so we're getting her some but she had
vicodin so she's gonna be even more
you're gonna be incredibly lutely and
you know what's good this is gonna be in
funnier because it's about nine o'clock
now and we're gonna go I'm still itching
my beer because it's so itchy we're
gonna go to the black ops call of duty
black ops released at Best Buy and Al
he's gonna be high on vicodin legally
legally I don't even care if I get the
game I just want to see people being
awesome and getting uh getting dressed
up and things so it was nine out ten
hours in the merge
that was fun yeah fun how was your first
IV I was a little bummed I didn't find a
Dorian a Dorian a Turk or dr. Cox still
hit night yep still hitting the weave
she's still hitting her we I think this
is why she's getting medicine and I just
like listen I have migraines I don't
know why I have constant headaches come
on slow and steady wins the race
how you feeling now he's passing ahead
and look who you got a little guardian
so he hasn't left her side can give me a
thumbs up thumbs up there we go so while
he's resting right now she told me I
should go try to film the Call of Duty
thing even though that she couldn't go
and I'm hoping I kind of hope that there
isn't a line for a video game to be
honest with you I could understand the
Black Friday but oh never mind
there's a line I mean this is a pretty
hardcore to come out here for a video
game not just like a sale but like one
game what it was actually gonna be like
what half-life actually releases episode
three well don't hold your breath
because I don't think that's ever gonna
happen ever so let me ask you this did
you guys order this online the smart way
or did you go stand in line like I'm
about to I guarantee I'm not even
probably can get a copy I just wanted to
see how many people will be out here
guys doing harden their pussies over
here
well that was relatively painless it was
about maybe about 70 70 80 people well
actually thinking about it being a video
game 80 people waiting at midnight is
kind of a locking lug all this stuff
they gave me I didn't just get the game
so once I get home oh I'll show you guys
what I got all right let's see what I
got
there was actually kind of boring it
would have been more fun of you who came
okay so yeah I got everything and all
this other stuff like these halo cards
yeah hey Larry turn the light on
yeah so they think these metal carts oh
this could be he's always new toy
look reflections and then I don't know
what this is halo reach book I guess and
a poster like I got a poster that you
guys can destroy and then where is it
and then I got the oh wait there's more
what is this something else I don't know
and then the game I know the only thing
I really cared about
I'm surprised be honest I actually even
got the game so you know what this means
ally if you guys motivate her enough she
might start playing call of duty alright
guys well I'm probably not gonna start
playing this tonight I'm gonna go to bed
take a shower get all this er crap off
off my body thank you so much again for
being so supportive and you know leaving
the love in the comments and on Twitter
and everything and making sure Ally was
okay what'd you say okay so she really
appreciate it and she gave her something
to do while she was there for eight or
nine hours me too
so thank you guys so much for being
awesome
basically the CTFxC is a bunch of
awesome awesome not only funny people
but very supportive people so thank you
again I'm gonna go to bed
is already pretty much there she's
pretty zonked out so he's getting
jealous you're such a brat you know they
you are such a brat
it's for the other yardie waiter
worse yet sexy
giddy with child tripping
yes with trip in early
