everyone's up now well good morning guys
I want to show you something right off
the bat
no phishing scams phishing email scams
both pH where they email you trying to
get your password and account
information I just got one today and is
the most clever clever phishing scam
I've ever gotten in my entire life and
this one almost got me let me just show
you a screenshot really quickly
at first glance it kind of looks fake
right but then if you look at the email
headers it's like a gmail account and a
Google account for where it's coming
from and I almost fell for it I was like
oh wow this is actually legit but then a
bunch of you guys on Twitter who were
following me on Twitter it was like
anyone can make a gmail account so I
have to give kudos to ever a whole made
this phishing scam almost got me this is
the most clever one
I always make fun of people that are
like you know I feel for a phishing scam
I gave a password out I'm like how could
you fall for it these guys are kind of
clever so so I wanted to ask you guys
have you ever fallen for a phishing scam
where somebody asked for your password
either on aim at email myspace or
whatever pretending to be somebody and
you gave it to them and you lost your
account has that ever happened we won't
make fun of you because I almost fell
for it as you can remember which one got
you in particular let me know - I bet
you a lot of people are gonna have the
same ones oh and don't mind my hair I
mean if you really wanted my password
it's really simple it says username
Charles Trippy password avocado 34 wait
what daddy's in the shower
he's always protecting the door swag in
her tail you've been a good little
protector puppy oh hello mr. Lamborghini
well that's not a Lamborghini that is
though oh yeah you can't drive it either
dude brah can't take this on the road
brand new we just drive around the
parking lot looks super cool
yo doesn't Ally look like a librarian is
that what my brain say yes I've never
been to a library I don't know what the
library a library mine librarian Ally
thinks being a librarian is a bad thing
I'm telling you it's not it means you're
smart or you look smart at least now
Chinese fire drill where why is it
called a Chinese fire drill no idea
we're gonna go mess with Melissa she's
working right now and uh we're gonna go
bug her she's my apparently my sister's
a bartender now didn't know that she's
gonna go play some virtual golf and more
virtual golf and more one what the end
more is a little dude that looks awesome
hello looks awesome
for those who don't want to actually go
outside you can play golf in time can
anyone tell me what awesome movie this
is from please tell me now
are you doing mark screaming there's one
the two trying to find the perfect
candle oh there we go that works do that
so we should mean 276 Zoey gonna ruin
the surprise
oh that's even better when you oh you
got away for everyone no ready happy
birthday happy birthday
happy birthday to ya
looking look you were back in the car
time to drive another five hours back
home but the good news is I don't have
to drive for a very long time at least
until Thanksgiving when we have to go
down here for our parents on
Thanksgiving
I'm so glad I won't have to be driving
after this hey FUBU you warm
who let you you're good so going back
earlier today when I said that my
password was avocado 34 how many people
actually tried it raise your hands be
honest in the comments let me know it
makes me feel a little bit better almost
falling for a phishing scam when I hear
that you guys fell for that so thank you
for thank you for bringing me up I mean
in all honesty I don't know why Google
allowed or Gmail allowed system database
or system dot dot database as a gmail
account seems fishy get it get it oh I
brought that around that's awesome we
got some floppy jowls there dog so just
before getting on the interstate I was
at a red light and I was looking at
Twitter as I always do because red light
suck and a Twitter user his name was
Brian and he had a really fun idea and I
think it actually he's kind of cool
because we've been doing these vlogs
over a year now he said what you should
do with a CTFxC are we should do is
watch every day when you watch a vlog so
it's tomorrow's vlog and then go back
one year and watch that clog and see
what we were doing then - and then
compare and just kind of see the
difference see that's what that's the
main see that's exactly why I like doing
these vlogs because 10 years from now
I'll be able to like look back 10 years
and see what I was doing so Brian I'm
glad you got the idea and that's a
really good idea so kudos to you ma'am
come on guys pee break pee break
was mainly for me I had too much coffee
I know I'm just pointing it off on the
dogs dude dress-ups have got to be like
crazy your dog like with your sense of
smell all it crazy crap you probably
smell literally it is like 55 degrees
right now in Florida
awesome this is awesome weather
so cold in Tennessee it is I guess
Thursday at 2:00 in the morning Scott
and I are gonna start driving we're
actually driving the Tennessee because I
don't really want to get on an airplane
for that short of a trip so we're gonna
do a road trip it's gonna be awesome
cold - I'm about an hour away and I was
just reading the billboards that's kind
of how I stay awake so I don't fall
asleep
a billboard for super 8 hotels you know
it's kind of like Motel 6 kind of the
lower end of hotels ones that are kind
of kept the hourly rates kind of anyway
ok so keeping that in mind it's probably
not the cleanest hotel and it says right
on their exit now free ice cream am I
the only one that finds that funny and
creepy at the same time comes down our
hotel will give you ice cream
wink getting close all right this is
totally random but I wanted to ask you
you guys know the band of limousines you
know the one that has internet killed
the videostar that song I really like
well the car in the music video the
zombie car is for sale so I was thinking
would it be kind of cool for vlogs if we
bought the car flew out to California
and drove it back cross country kind of
going all over the place maybe meeting
some of you guys in the zombie car I
think that would be so cool maybe do it
for the winter or something like that
what do you think is that something
pretty awesome I just think having a
zombie car would be pretty sweet now I
got to get Ally on board with it I don't
know I just get really excited should we
do it I have to pick up the car from San
Jose California and we have to drive
back to Tallahassee Florida so I want
you guys to find some awesome tourist
spots and things that we can visit and
stop and maybe have meetups like cheesy
ones like the world's biggest ball of
yarn or I don't know Gator land or
things like that I think that would be
really fun for the vlogs
and you know just really cheesy places
to see so and we can try to do a road
trip maybe maybe see early December when
Ali gets out of classes for winter break
so that's what I'm shooting for
to be totally last minute because
last-minute things are the best life
lesson you guys go with the flow thank
you mister chimes where's your toy
what's good come on right ready I guess
they're happy to be home it is so nice
to be home yep
wait
where's baby at sexy
get it with y'all trippin
we're Katie
swiggity Harry don't forget to
you
