hey what time was your appointment 2:15
okay I feel like Nancy Trejo boy what
did she say I'm always early but
sometimes I'm late yeah she said yeah so
I was gonna get a haircut she's gonna
get a buzz cut you shave your head
you're gonna shave your head are you
gonna do I'm gonna do whatever Charles
doesn't want it feel like bags we gonna
hear dude it's your birthday tomorrow
yeah
yes this is the best part
okay ready for the shampoo yeah okay and
a few awesome wedding hair meanwhile
back at the ranch we do Charlie time
video games we plan
no not yet but we're working on it I'd
seen a few it was pretty I like that
look I mean
I didn't tell you I was a little - I
totally I fight because I called it he
didn't tell you either I straight-up
asked him to his face and nah that's me
and he was like now
he live I'm like I was like so when are
you gonna pop the question
yeah and he's like I don't know someday
maybe like like it's like two or three
days more like Oh Marley of it
hi
I think it's classic right
music
oh my god
generality back
berry Thank You silver all right so
we're trying to find Marley a new FUBU
jacket no it's got to be cool she's got
the other one so dirty oh here's a FUBU
jacket right there that's a good one
I like the one the rhinestones dig it
it's so awesome it's so funny though oh
you can put your dog in jean shorts
Marley's a fatty I don't think that'll
fit her hey Lukie to get yeah we're
gonna really get my pad okay you know
what you look like you look like Zooey
Deschanel actually I think you do so
doesn't she look like Zoey did you model
that off for her
yeah oh that's why snapping hood picture
oh yeah is that why yeah
no no but just wait this is really
adorable okay so you can snap the hood
out of her face for one thing for the
second thing you know that dogs get
skinnier in the waist
okay so that she stays warm it goes
around I don't think they put this much
snot into like people
yeah people's oh my god be careful game
that's right is perfect this looks like
something at like at Publix he's all
those are delicious by the way this is
my favorite biscotti
discovered dogs your favorite dog treats
okay does anyone get it I wonder how
many people were like I don't get it
I don't get it I get it
that's what I thought too we got to go
look at my prize we gotta go look at my
prize for cussing not even lasting 24
hours your mom couldn't do it either
though they were arguing
if you can't cuss you can't say biatch
either right I mean that's just bad
taste okay so Charles I'm gonna show me
Google TV and the first thing that came
up was a spider electro filmed on the 5d
so that makes you not want to get this
or the 5d shit I'm okay with that
oh I'll get that spider look at that
that's a big spider
why why did they come up that's all only
time I'll ever thumb down a videos if
it's a spider look who's on the front
page
that's funny she's like standing up like
waiting for I take a picture of you
Brendan I forgot Oh No King sweet sweet
now Marley you too fat hold on I think
it is too small
oh you're too chunky oh honey Zoe I
didn't forget about you you ready what's
that noise oh she gonna sit come on sit
down
go sit down there we go November 7th we
are now seven days one week into No
Shave November
here check how's everyone's beards
coming in or ladies how are your legs
coming in I'm at the stage right now
where it's annoying you know when it
starts to itch it's like constantly
itchy so it looks like I have lice or
like fleas in my beard it shall pass
hang tough just because Ali lost no
sweat November doesn't mean we're gonna
lose no no Shave November hey fun fact
this is where I actually shot world's
fastest man right here and now you know
cute music again I love that I'm never
gonna get tired of that cue music
see it's awesome see that is awesome use
that dislike chime that just follows
jube music hey it's awesome what are you
doing are you getting high don't forget
to bring a towel so he always eats
catnip who's this the other exposure to
do with this party that's you being a
brat just ten years ago being a brat
then being a brat now ever alright hey
alright you look confused are you
confused we got to lay off the catnip
dawg
gotta lay off the catnip nobody doesn't
wanna care Zoe doesn't want to share her
buzz so we had a little bit too much all
right you guys just just burp yes tea
you guys asked for it you guys want us
to do the hoodies again so I'm trying to
figure out if we can actually do that
I'm asking fish head and I'll hopefully
no in a couple days but I wanted to
actually I wanted to show you guys in
this and get your opinion I always
wanted to make a t-shirt this is
actually before I filmed that video you
know real vampires don't Sparkle before
I filmed that I came with a shirt idea
right this was a year year and a half
ago and here's the design I was thinking
right here would you guys like this as a
t-shirt I think it would be really cool
so I'll make it if you want if you want
it let me know in the comments and we're
just basically trying to figure out
colors and things like that so if you
have a specific American Apparel t-shirt
type color let us know for this design
but I really like that design and it's
so true
they don't Sparkle see he's not
sparkling no
sorry about all the barking sorry what
are you doing
how are you doing I got most of that
Dickens to cut the rope guys remember
this shirt
yeah thank you fish head for that shirt
you never like to have any fun but what
can you make it the pressures on fit
over a week I think we're going up one
time and beer pong one time in the
history of history one oh I take it back
why it likes a laser where a white line
the audience that's for the awesome back
so that's really cool I'm sorry I
blinded you
all right I wasn't I wasn't filming that
we got to do it again all right there
you go yeah so you never played beer
pong never played beer pong but uh and
he made it on his first shot wait I
can't wait for the drink is uh and she's
passed out oh there's Marlee crush your
face good night
you
wait
we're CD a taxi
with child trippy
we're CD
yes with Josephine Harry don't forget so
anymore
you
