good morning buckaroos are you ready for
a humdinger of a video so we are
currently at what I like to call money
world I gotta get some cash because I
forgot the tolls going back out to Cape
Canaveral is gonna be another freaking
twenty dollars I can't look at my pin
you know my pin now don't you yes I
can't have any privacy she's alright
Ally's telling us a joke alright LA I'm
recording yeah I said you already lost I
already googled heading to the Space
Center
doesn't look like it's raining at all
today's concern is wind so it's not one
thing it's the others actually you know
what I'm sorry I think this
fingers-crossed thing doesn't even work
we got to come up with something else
what can we do as part of the CTFxC
that's better than figures crossed
trying to call Ally
this is Allah he answers the phone which
is asleep it's just actually seen
hi honey how are you alright come back
to bed cuz I just found out we I guess
they gave it the thumbs up the good old
thumbs up and the 70% ago at 3:03 p.m.
the rocket actually might launch today
finally
check it out I get to go through the
NASA employee gate turns out I am just
too punctual I was an hour early so I
had to go get some food Oh before I
forget you guys I didn't forget about
the whole subscribe pillows and the I
chat pillows I already emailed all the
winners I'm just waiting for them to
reply back so I can confirm the real
people and get their shipping address
and then once they get all all the
information I can announce the words I
just don't want to say so it's so one
and then they don't respond back so then
I got that I can pick another person
hopefully by the time I get home they've
all responded back and I will post it on
our Facebook
look how stinkin cute you two are Mikkel
yin yang rickety oh those look very let
me alone I'm going to bed so I was
wondering why the bar right by campus
was completely packed and then I
remembered that it is homecoming so all
the fraternities and sororities make
really big floats and it's really really
cool
sorry
hello iconic NASA building don't dog dog
dog dog just figured that was like
fitting music that's a better shot so
I'm currently in the press area as you
can see here t-minus 3 hours 24 minutes
and 18 seconds something blow up and
it's scrubbed again and it says to be
determined so my night me for a while
this is so annoying I'm starting to
believe that we actually did fake to be
landing because we do these things
people to fly is this all this all CGI I
guess the positive would be now I can go
by a tones on the lens so when they do
want it if it actually flies landing
it's all CGI Michael Bay director
we should go get our own rocket launch
up into space
you can do that we've done it before
kind of what this just next to my bed
well I might as well try to get some
footage of it so there is mr. space
shuttle or we think it is it could be
CGI I don't know if these things are
real or not now
maybe if we yell at it I might work so
guys I'm on the set of transformers 3
and there's the transformer that's uh
Michael Bay's office right there I'll
have to try this again sometime I guess
where's the special
I lost it or there it is alright
spaceship we shall meet again
done done astronaut Dan he's gonna come
to speak somebody record a little bit of
him speaking
three genes relatively we should be they
could feel difficult for free but all of
a sudden you are because it was what he
did
but but overwhelming
I found it that is the most fun way to
find your car ever so I am now lost on
NASA face I feel that if I turn into the
wrong building I'm going to be killed
like I'm gonna stumble upon some
government secrets I just want to go
home to be completely honest nasa base
is kind of boring I wonder where the
Space Shuttle is wait how did it get to
the Air Force where the heck am I seesee
able to stumble upon something I
shouldn't I shouldn't be here let's just
turn around now I'm sorry
look it's doing Marley being goofy
that's where we were right there that's
where we're standing and if we go down
this road that's where the Space Shuttle
is I think it's like great where the
heck is it right there you go back that
road and just drive down maybe we can
leave the CTFxC s for haters hoodie and
they can bring it to space direct I
thought I could just mosey on over there
I guess this is the closest I can get
damn security there I got you guys a
little bit closer but that's as far as I
can go okay I lied this is as close as I
can go now that is so cool
I think that as close as I'll ever get
to that rocket this is cool
sometimes it just pays to get lost okay
now cue corny music good okay we're good
sad news they just announced that the
space show but okay the space shuttle
will not launch any earlier than
November 30th at 4:00 a.m. we gotta wait
an entire month
unfortunately I'm sad now I was really
excited I was really excited I'd never
get to see I I know you guys are
probably getting frustrated just like I
am but what it's kind of calming me down
is thinking about the poor astronauts
who've been living in the quarantine the
quarantine for like two or three weeks
right now but anyway I wanted to make
sure you guys are still interested and
you want me to try and drive down late
November early December if you want me
to let me know if you don't want me to
say no that's boring go to Harry Potter
world again
drinks butter beer I was just talking to
Shay and I just came up with a brilliant
plan on how I could be a spaceman I'll
show it to you right now
promise don't tell anybody you can't
tell anybody my plan all right well
here's my master plan between me and you
CTFxC what do you think think it'll work
I totally think it'll work
all right guys I have an idea I just
came home and I saw Ali's parents have
Park Place you know in the McDonald's
Monopoly game if any of you guys have
number 771 I would be boardwalk in the
McDonald's this year the McDonald's
pieces whatever these things are let me
know in the comments I'm pretty sure
they'll go halfsies on the million
dollars if you have it and if you have
it let me know and we will be
millionaires together I don't know why
people haven't thought about this before
if they use the Internet combine your
powers
we got your bellies nest oh hi get your
FUBU jacket yeah careful
I wanna ride the Halloween train
my dad's like turn around I was like
what's that noise is this a giant train
going through the mall for getting my
mommy a present birthday
she's turning 50 wait am I supposed to
tell you that my supposed to tell him
that it's her 50th birthday
she doesn't look 50 right my mom would
kick ass don't worry I already lost
knows where November she looks pick ass
450 right so it's her birthday on Sunday
so everybody make sure to wish her happy
birthday on Twitter right I like pretty
good for food what did we just see
walking out of the mall oh my god some
of the shortest weirdest dress I've ever
seen in my life that girl's butt cheeks
were just flopping he's not low
seriously my dad goes wait is that dress
supposed to be like that and I look and
it's one of those dresses it looks like
the skirt that's like asymmetrical
except the part that curved up was
directly under her butt cheeks and she
was wearing a thong
it's coming other guard wait
where's the ataxia
giddy with child trippy
with just a few
you
