good morning guys i'm just packing up
i'm heading down to Cape Canaveral hello
what are you watching I'll pressure to
get down fingers crossed please everyone
cross your fingers right now because I
have to drive five hours over there by
the time i get down there they're having
a meeting to make sure that the weather
is good enough to launch something into
space so i hope i don't drive all the
way over there and then good old hey
wait who's the the rain gods in Greek
mythology you gonna miss me I'm only
gonna be gone a day little doggy any
other raincoat dog any other Rinko all
right want you before I leave okay
Marley Chuck Norris it yeah okay Zoe sit
once again be a dinosaur yeah all right
time to go don't be sad oh yeah I know
she's like sweet now i get to sleep on
the bed i'll be back I'll see you in a
couple days Ozzy and a day I'll see you
a couple hours alright so let's see how
far this thing actually is Oh is
problematic hey Susan have it oh well
time to go with good old intuition that
won't get me lost oh yeah
I really hope this rain goes away cuz
it's not looking promising right now a
close Starbucks that's blasphemous now
what am I gonna do drive hammered
getting a hit that's awesome and now to
drive into nothing but darkness for five
hours
so yeah you pretty much know you're in
the middle of nowhere when you go on
your GPS and say hey I am hungry what is
around this area of mr. GPS or miss GPS
if you prefer and it just basically gets
you the middle thinker sweet let's so
some rain on this dark dreary road
he Turnpike's you know what's really
funny every time i drive on a Turnpike i
always think i'm seriously never fails
and always pops in my head i always
think of super mario super mario kart 64
and that level both the turnpike where
you're driving you know their little
go-karts they're all red where do I go
well we got an hour roughly until the
NASA brainiacs meetup and see if they're
actually gonna go I don't know I'm
actually kind of worried because it's
been raining the entire way I think they
actually have until Monday to launch
this thing otherwise they have to scrub
it until december i think december
thoughtless suck I'm starting to realize
why turnpike suck this is like the fifth
one in ten minutes I'm not kidding this
is worse than like New Jersey I'm not
getting this is like the what I've never
I've never paid this many tolls in
Florida honestly this is crazy I
admittedly went the wrong way maybe
that's why I had to pay twice as much
the ten million fireflies why did this
song come up now I look lame well it is
now 5 30 which means the NASA brainiacs
are having their meeting and it's
raining quite hard well it's not really
raining quite hard they're probably
waiting enough to delay a space shuttle
another toll I feel like I'm being
punked right now seriously where his
aston kutcher or actually I should say
justin bieber where's justin bieber I'm
being Punk'd I'm not kidding it was
literally three and a half minutes ago
that's another dollar this normally
wouldn't bother me is I think I'm just
tired and grumpy are you kidding
me another one I'll get AB seriously
being punks just a bit of advice if
you're traveling through Florida avoid
the Florida Turnpike the cost you ten
bucks bitch bitch bitch
I'm really getting worried i just drove
all this way to be canceled hello it was
fun put the fun interesting trip so far
I learned something new I drove on the
Florida Turnpike so far and that's first
and last thing I'll ever do I just got
word it's been postponed for another 24
hours oh I just stepped in a puddle of
water I got my my badge I met up with
the person so I can get my badge I can
get in there tomorrow by NASA credit
look at that I'm all legit mine at
Manassas accreditation III hate to admit
this I know guys aren't supposed to
admit this but you know how many times I
screwed up I took I think about I think
I took about five wrong turns system
idiot oh do I go back to Tallahassee you
know go back to sarasota correction
seven o'clock i want to need some more
coffee my heart's gonna explode it's
just gonna go pull all the caffeine to
try to stay awake so I guess we're gonna
end up doing is going to Sarasota and
then trying this again tomorrow I feel
really bad cuz I promised you guys a
shuttle launch and I'm not going to stop
I'm going to keep driving back and forth
until this thing goes off ice one way or
another you guys will see this discovery
shuttle launch and we'll make sure of it
I promise I promise blogger vlogger code
I just made that out be like that it's
gonna like the Spock thing but it's not
or actually is never the moon is oh crap
it's raining and I don't have an
umbrella oh I'm gonna have to make a run
for it every time I come home and Zoe
does what she's doing right now come on
go in the bathroom every time so he does
what she's doing right now and highs in
the bathroom I know something's wrong
and when she goes to that spot on the
couch I know she did something bad why
are you doing that ma you didn't get any
but you tore it up it's like what did
you do huh
what do you do what do you do I'm not
talking to you I know you were good I
know you were good so am I freaking out
she's control I was gonna ask you guys
do any of you remember a few years ago
when Virgin announced that it was going
to have a basically a shuttle that would
orbit the Earth and that just normal
especially pedestrians that normal
citizens could buy tickets like not
somebody who was in any kind of space
program is able to buy tickets for that
you guys remember that sweet Chuck get
some well since I was already out here I
figured I might as well go here the
Kennedy Space Center looking at oh my
gosh it's a replica look at that that's
so cool but I yeah they gave me a free
ticket so I was like yeah why not I'll
just go here and kill some time and then
i'll drive back home that is crazy
there's those boosters that's so cool
I'm gonna geek out for a little bit good
or a hard game or gum reverb all right
we're here with Thor he showed me around
the rocket park like he's actually real
these are actually real ones real real
models of pub of what used to be
supplied will probably some of these are
left over from what didn't want that's
awesome holy crap they also had a snake
rubbery thing to walk as they go a
playground
this is uh this is like Apollo 13 now
this weekend Gemini this is oh there
actually is one yeah so this is what
it's like to be in a very wet space
shuttle a little pointy half of it oh
yeah yeah what do you see what the yuca
cameramen it's just amazing these people
go through this I no way this is the
first one yes holy crap just imagine
going to space and this little thing
again there's no equipment in there so
imagine everything here and down here
this is all equipment here you have to
squeeze into this and lay back in there
oh my god as ridiculous and I'd be on
top of that thing all right so this is
an original capsule at apollo 1 yeah
that's what people were right there I
don't think I could ever do that I'm
getting close classic photo just looking
at it it's just ridiculous and okay look
at this that's another Apollo 1 right so
all this right here to here is fuel and
like wires and computers that little tip
right there is where the people go Oh
gross definitely just stepped in a big
pile of poo or modder mud poo Oh No as
you can see here the IV hobbits home has
clearly been demolished and there are
nuts yeah they cut all the grass out
here so it's all really nice now they're
going crazy running around what you got
Joey crazy don't you go eat that get
away Miley come here just in case you
want to launch a hot dog into space all
right we're going in
that's cool words they fill up and take
something I should give him my hoodie
you think they'll take that in space
yeah that'd be pretty sweet actually
actually this the CEOs right there those
are what the that ship brings in in
yesterday's video the boosters these are
one that fall into the ocean it's not
that big it's not big at all I got
Rockets like that my backyard this is
that big at all that built bigger ones
on like coffee table hi all it's like
we're going into show me later we're
going into me oh well you know at all
it's earth the final frontier live long
and prosper now there's a li that's
pretty cool all right here's the
memorial wall wait which one was
challenger count challenger was the
first to hear right there yea which was
a lady again uh huh dude residence or
Christy McCullough that's so sad they
have way too many empty blocks oh that's
not good they need to have just like
this mount they don't need all this
extra they needed to we can stack them
on later yeah yeah this map they were
saying haha this is your future yeah
it's frightening to have that many empty
books
you're the leader now too we try to say
hi Don lumpy people can be at a Space
Camp me grumpy I think I just come on we
can do this I can do this screw it i'm
just going to crash it oh no i'm slowly
crashing i'll never be a spaceman where
is the camera though oh there it is over
there hippie back on the road and time
to pay more tools almost there I just
had I just like this really really
really sketchy truck stop so I was like
okay what happens if I go missing no
one's gonna know where I'm at so you
know what I did I used my noggin and I
tweeted my location and I said that if I
go missing this is where i was last see
twitter can save lives that's a
practical use of Twitter I've officially
been on the road 12 hours I need to pass
out I have to do this all over again
I'm getting delirious I feel is it was
raining again go figure hi kitchen
you're nice when's Illya Marley aren't
here alright guys so I just got to Ali's
parents house I'm gonna go stay at my
parents uh after I take a nap so i'm
gonna take a couple hour nap and that's
for driving again don't ever say I
wasn't dedicated to the CTFxC I just
pwned that theory I gotta go bed oh that
was vicious Thank You Zoe yeah she like
a huge chunk of deer bone in her mouth I
can hear crunching I started chasing and
she ran away with it you're not supposed
to do that young lady check it out guys
prankvsprank is on mtv that's awesome
alright just preparing for another trip
today it is almost midnight so that
means we're gonna start driving and I'm
going to end this vlog because it's you
know technically it's the next day so I
can't have it overlapping hopefully
fingers crossed again the space shuttle
tomorrow is supposed to be sixty percent
ago is what they say in NASA terminology
and at five a.m. tomorrow morning they
find out if it's going to go or not so I
don't take an ipod leave like 30 minutes
out before if I have to turn around so
it's really good I want to do that long
drive I will see you guys tomorrow good
night and thank you for keeping me sane
in the car I'm gonna need you tomorrow
see you guys later ok so the rock band 3
commercial just came on and Queen came
on I started singing to Zoe
Zoe get to this to me Zoe just gotta get
out just gotta give a doubt he uh okay
before she was a lot more excited than
that now you just had to hear me ruined
queen and you don't even get anything
cool what are you doing though as your
sister being lazy lazy oh yeah you know
how to turn on the cuteness when I film
you don't
it's coming over Yardley waiter
where's epsxe
giddy with trippy and alli
yes with chakra canary
