what's up internet penetration so I
always get a bunch of emails about where
you guys can download the theme songs
from the past to now and unfortunately I
never had time to upload it to our
website but I am doing it as we speak
see I am uploading all the songs all the
past theme songs to internet killed TV
com so the links in the sub are you can
click it you can download all we have
about eleven theme songs that I'm going
to upload to the website so don't say I
wasn't listening I just didn't have time
but now I do and now you have them that
can be giving them to you want some
spinach you probably won't eat it it's
good for you what you she's like this is
what you yell at me outside for eat it
oh random I was just in a little shop on
campus on the query editor again it's
okay so she reminded me because I said
she looked really familiar we rented
them at the weezer concert which is so
awesome yeah very good to see you again
give it today
yeah at Jordan Licari okay so hide her
on Twitter I think our homecoming is
like tomorrow don't know Friday didn't
start Friday yeah homecoming is all this
week and then the homecoming game
against Carolina's on Saturday okay so
breaking away in this place we're
totally gonna way I don't I mean I hope
we win good a few again Joey mackerel
what the heck is going on it's like a
bunch of is this
Oh
oh damn it it's raining oh there goes my
nose where November great that probably
means the space shuttle won't launch now
I hate rainy days why does it have to
rain on a day that we have to launch a
shuttle why I blame you and you both of
you brainy days are only awesome when
you can just stay in bed and sleep all
day but if you have to do something or
you want to do something as you've been
cooped up sucks hey you know what your
rain jacket on you know what screw it
I'm not gonna let rain ruin my day
neither will let her ruin hers it's
currently six o'clock i'm still waiting
to see if the space shuttle launch is
actually gonna happen because if it does
i have to leave around midnight if i
want to get there in time so what kind
of sucks is i'm just like waiting
playing the waiting game right now this
space thing better be like the coolest
thing I've ever seen my entire life then
the funniest thing I've ever seen mine
before you say that I'm torturing Marley
by putting her that yellow rain suit I
think would actually be more torture if
she wasn't wearing in the ring cuz she
hates it and now she's running around
like she's oh man I can't believe I live
in a world where dogs have yellow rain
suits I'm glad I do though cuz it's
hilarious come here come here
how's that working out for you I kind of
wish I had a yellow rain suit right now
getting wet okay i find that blinker so
weird do you not find that weird oh geez
you guys I wasn't gonna explain this to
you in the vlog because i don't like
complaining but um I'm having something
going on with my stomach I'm having
really really severe stomach pains this
is having to me twice before I've been
to the doctor for it and they don't know
what it is happens for a few days and it
goes away for a couple months and then
it comes back I don't know what it is
but I just I feel like I need to just
apologize to you because I've been kind
of absent from the vlogs I just been
having a really rough time it's been
incredibly painful all I wanted to do is
sleep and like I wake up in the middle
of night from it because it's so severe
and I don't know what to do because the
doctor has told me the same thing over
and over again that they don't know what
it is and there's nothing they can do
yada yada yada so I just I feel bad i'm
sorry i don't know what it is i have an
alien growing inside me that must be
what it is you having fun you're doing
like the same pose as that you did in
the dog squirrel video you know what I
had to do you know I had to put on the
cell phone channel yeah I had to do a
little dog in a yellow rain suit just
like that little chimpanzee riding on a
Segway I had to do it I had to do it I'm
bored it's raining what else am I gonna
do oh I forgot to tell you guys I bought
one of those GoPros remember the thing
that I used when we were in california i
just recently or when I was in
California and I put it on that
surfboard and I had Kate and Taryn you
know going out and surfing well I bought
one of those things because when we go
to Tennessee on the 12th through the
15th I'm going to try my hand at
snowboarding or at least face boarding
because I would have probably on my face
the whole time so I wanted to get one of
those GoPros so I could strap it to my
head cuz this would obviously get ruined
in the in the snow you know I don't want
to ruin a brand new camera so this one's
waterproof so get excited for that
because you guys are gonna fall when I
fall holy crap deja vu come on guys it's
getting worse getting worse come on
let's go
oh I insult the during oh ho ho little
grunting I chuck norris roundhouse kick
Rondo's kick that was kind of cool
wasn't a roundhouse kick Oh so
apparently Ali is giving birth to a
alien baby definitely it's all right
here see that things like my tell me out
really fun yeah she's not feeling good
the last couple days so we gotta go get
her some medicine and then maybe go to a
doctor when we go down the bradenton I
think she's this out though I sure you
guys I need to bring that to the nasa
thing you're never in this I have to pee
i clear oh my gosh oh I have to protect
the camera yeah do I have to protect the
camera parents can be really rainy okay
here's the fun thing I just found out I
just talked to my friend Eddie the
Mighty Thor he's over there recording
the rollback so hopefully at the end of
the night you'll at the end of this
video you'll see them unveiling the
whole space shuttle here's here's the
fun thing I have to drive to Cape
Canaveral like you're saying and they
are going to have a meeting at five
thirty in the morning to see if the
shuttles go or not a go and because I
live so far away I have to drive
regardless so we're gonna take her we're
gonna take a car ride lot sometime
though you know go crazy in the car okay
so my good friend the mighty thor 1212
lives over on the East Coast and because
i wasn't able to drive 10 hours five
hours back and forth to the space
shuttle today what they did is they it's
something called the RSS retraction I
guess it's called the rotating service
structure and basically they move it out
of the way so they can launch the space
shuttle so he was really awesome about
it in filmed of some really good footage
of this and I wanted to show it to you
guys and get you guys pumped up for the
space shuttle launch so CTFxC thanks you
my teeth or 12 12 listen you're looking
at launch pad 39a in the back discovery
is covered up in the rotating service
structure
this is the Mighty Thor your roving
CTFxC reporter coming at you live well
it's live when I did it
with us
like a cat away
oh you have to dance Charl stop doing
that's a good one all right do the
Macarena electric slide thank you you're
welcome see it's not fun is it so if you
have that alien baby what do you want to
name them Charlie Charlie the alien it's
not a very good alien a mummy Charles
all trippy the force it's not a very
good alien named we gotta think about
what scoffs Nora guy like that you have
an alien baby Shroomish so Valley has an
alien baby in her stomach what should we
may know what would be a killer awesome
alien baby name that we can name him
internet name Ali's alien baby in her
stomach is not really in my time she's
got an alien baby it's like aliens it's
just like the movie aliens well that's
horrible cuz that means I'm gonna die on
a table in the middle of a meal oh
they're gonna bloody
alien juice we should call it EG big
knock what and ER alright so what is the
best medicine for destroying alien
babies alien baby remover hey this is
gonna work
oh this is probably how you remove the
alien babies this is why it's here in
the pharmacy section it totally makes
sense see I was I was kind of kidding
but I guess they do have alien baby
removers good this has got to be the
best medicine ever works on more than
just being spino think it's a laxative
that's kind of funny oh it's a dietary
supplement never mind how to bad that
would've been funny if it was a laxative
hey guys make sure to take out today's
bonus video on our cell phone channel
youtube.com slash trippy Ali sings a
nice little ditty if you will called
little dog and a yellow raincoat it's a
parody of an internet classic see if you
can actually guess it so click right
here go check it out is only 30 seconds
long and if you didn't know already our
cell phone channel has a lot more
bonuses and sneak peeks of the vlogs a
day early I gotta go drive to NASA right
now I will see you guys tomorrow
see what you did
it's the other yard
hey where's easy a sexy
giddy with y'all trippin
yes with trust raphy and Ally
you
