so how's day number two of no swear
November I don't feel like you can
replace it with effing though you have
to say flipping or something it can be
remotely close I think
laughing mag I don't know Internet
allowed that's true have fun in school
no cussing hey so yeah I don't mind my
goofy hair right now I kind of just I
kind of just woke up the reason why is
I'm trying to get a little bit of extra
sleep because tonight or this morning I
guess tomorrow morning I have to go
around 2:00 p.m. right 2 p.m. I'm still
asleep 2 a.m. to head over to NASA I was
gonna go today for the whole roll back
is when they unveil and they take all
the sheets and blankets off basically
they undress the shuttle for all you
immature pervs but since it's like a
five and a half six hour drive from
Tallahassee my good friend the Mighty
Thor at 12:12 lives right down there so
he's gonna film it and I'm gonna put it
at the end of this video so you guys
will still see it and then I'll start
driving and we'll see the space shuttle
launch tomorrow since this is gonna be
the day after the space shuttle launch
obviously I'll probably try to record on
my iphone as well so if you subscribe to
our I phone channel you can see it the
day of on my iPhone the quality will
definitely not be as good as the 7d
which will be on the daily vlog but if
you want to see it the day of make sure
you subscribe to youtube.com slash
trippy the cell phone channel for all
your cell phone video needs done up
there you got a booger on your eye
what's wrong with you here you wanna go
outside you gotta hit the bell okay
we're gonna go dude do it one more time
hit about
okay you updated to get the Belle Zoe so
he hit the bell good girl
oh I'm gonna get her back for this one I
decided today since I'm gonna be stuck
in the car for six hours I got a drive
at 2:00 a.m. I gotta start driving to
Cape Canaveral I have to meet up with
one of the NASA employees picking my
special security badge so I can actually
get on to Kennedy Space Center where I'm
supposed basically I'm gonna be I think
it's 500 yards or maybe five miles five
hundred yards I think it's five miles
away from the space shuttle launch so
it's gonna be really close the 70 is
actually charging so I'm kind of just
relaxing right now because I always get
really stressed out when I have like
long drives where I have to be somewhere
if it's just a drive where I can just
like you know driving oh you almost peed
on my foot never been over here in a
while does anyone recognize this place
you guys should Marla's favorite place
she can chase squirrels and dog suits
see squirrel yep
it's part rabbit if you haven't already
make sure to tell me in the comments if
you're doing No Shave November or no
swear November oh yeah one last reminder
today is the last day the absolute last
day you could submit twin those
SUBSCRIBE pillows and those chat pillows
again if you have no idea what I'm
talking about
information is in the video description
but today is the last day tomorrow I
picked the winners are you gonna be a
winner you're all winners though Zoe and
I lost her
oh there she is
hi from her
Oh boys
so
I almost felt bad you look so concerned
keep up with me be honest how many
people went Oh Charles that's mean when
she looked all confused I knew you'd be
okay all right that's Karma did you the
stick fast
she loves chasing squirrels
you know what sound I used to love when
I was a kid when you take a stick and
you go like this oh that was
embarrassing was it
ferocious geez I guess so he didn't like
this
I guess so he didn't like the sound you
asshole
Marley if we were not all right stop we
weren't out here ten minutes and look
you already got a freaking tick on your
ear that's so gross oh man this sucks
freaking hate ticks oh they're so gross
I know we're gonna get it off now I
seriously think I have a tick on my head
check my head for me guys dang
that means I've been living with it for
24 hours and I will be gross now let's
get this thing off you come here come
here where is it sit stop this isn't
food smell it it's not food it's metal
all right there it is Oh
as gross this is the best invention ever
I swear one of you guys actually sent it
to us you bloodsucker these things are
the these things are the real vampires
how did I destroy it so no no earlier
today I was saying that
I have to leave early in the morning to
head to the space shuttle launch well
plans have changed I just got an email
again I guess they pushed back this
space shuttle another day perhaps
another two days so I actually have no
idea when this thing is going to launch
if it will don't worry when or if it
will I will go unfortunately I think
this is why a lot of people get
frustrated or lose interest with NASA
don't get me wrong I understand it's a
complicated machine it's probably the
most complicated thing on this planet
but I think when they announced it
people get really pumped up and then it
keeps getting pushed back push back I
know it's out of their hands but I think
that's why a lot of people lose interest
or have lost interest don't worry I have
not I still plan on going as soon as I
find out when it is I mean if you really
think about I'm complaining about a
space shuttle not launching but if I
really think about it for five seconds
I'm complaining about a piece of metal
flying into space with seven people
returning with information alive that is
pretty unbelievable
if Ninja Turtles had their own beer I
was just doing the dishes and I looked
over on the counter it's putting things
away and I remember these guys do you
remember these I got them at Cory and
Stephanie's wedding last September and
here's the thing I've never used them
and if you don't know what these are
these are called Das Boot on the movie
beer fest you ever seen a movie so I
decided to see if I could actually
accomplish Das Boot the cool thing about
that smooth you see this it's hollow and
there's a bubble when you go like this
if bubbles do you have to turn the booth
gonna turn the boot if you watch the
movie you got to turn the boot oh yeah
somebody should auto-tune that I mean it
says I don't have to drive for six hours
why not right if you want to delicious
dog cookie yes believe it or not this is
actually a dog cookie and it tastes
pretty good
there you go wait I want to see you go
cross-eyed again right there we go
good job now remember kids only do this
with apple juice unless you're over 21
and then get your drink on that's only
one oh my god Das Boot
it's apple juice I got the stopwatch I'm
gonna see how long this takes to do Das
Boot
oh geez pinky up Oh gross I can't do
this No that was sick that is so gross
oh it's gonna make a bubble in your face
look at certain boobs get their boot
turn the minute it really does do that
it really does oh my god like dripping
beer give me a burp give me a burp that
was so weak so weak
I already lost the uh no swearing
challenge so oh yeah you just us i
disgust no I lost earlier remember oh we
didn't tell him
oh I said damn to my friend earlier
today I feel like I'm losing right now
you aren't losing you're almost done you
got the soul well as the funny as far as
yesterday they said you lost because you
said hope poor remember no that's not a
swear well I told him it was just a poor
lifestyle choice it's not necessarily
accessible that's right damn isn't
technically a curse word it's in the
Bible so it's how it's enough it's a
it's a actual thing do a damn you could
have gotten away with it maybe I did get
away with it
you just said shit sweet I didn't I said
sheets weak
oh I can't I'm still in the contest I
got three Mulligan's on that by the way
I got out of fun of hard core there's no
Mulligan's in the PGA Tour I know there
and I just said that I can't do this how
many beers was that I think was like 33
to half oh goodness I was such gross
beer that's my phone go you got check it
for my phone stops ringing oh my god
don't puke a spear is so gross all beers
gonna be gross after you chug three of
them in one second okay actually it's
been three minutes and 50 seconds though
this beer is disgusting can anyone tell
what kind of beer this is it's by the
looks No Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go
you're all done come on hey in just four
minutes and 16 seconds
Charles is down for the count it is
gross beer bad idea
yeah I want not that again
houses drunk already no I'm just
uncomfortable just in case you haven't
seen this video yet that is Shaquille
O'Neal yeah that eight foot person okay
this is why Kazaam will always be around
cuz he's effing hilarious and has a
great sense of humor Shaquille O'Neal I
salute you sir I salute you but it's on
your head that I don't that's crazy what
girls do that oh here we go
wait no show me your hair yeah that's
why why do girls do this I don't
understand you just want a mohawk that's
all it is
that's that's animal could put it back
thanks great great thanks great good eye
Thanks
were sexy
which all trippy
with Dirty Harry don't forget to
you
