hey guys good m√°talo few hours later
wake me when they're ready seen a little
bit yeah time out in the cab leaving
number one wave alright so I almost have
to go that way now I have to walk all
the way to see this is I booked my
flight like a month ago when we booked
her is originally so I have to go on a
different airlines I'm think I'm US air
and their JetBlue or Air Tran give me a
long walk but it's weird moment myself
it was pretty cool really really short
have fun it was really nice the
highlight was definitely you know seeing
a friend of mine I love lock me in the
air for do people think I'm crazy
that's going great use my on George
Lucas back there so our point is
oversold and I just offered everyone a
round trip ticket to anywhere they fly
if they would trade in their seat for a
later flight you should totally do it go
to Greece I would have to go up there
and definitely make sure that they flew
to where I wanted to go yeah that's
right we're walking we could take a
shuttle but no no we're gonna walk you
know why because walking it's fun
so IRA got that guy's video what was
your favorite thing in the past couple
days
as far as a Washington Trip like was a
cool seeing the Lincoln Memorial
the Washington Monument the rapid the
rally was kind of curious because a lot
of people in the United States haven't
even seen those things I just want to
see like outside perspective people who
don't even live in United States is that
something that is interesting to you or
is that just like me to statue oh oh
I'll get it
nah we're still going the right way I
also keep getting email updates from
NASA
apparently the shuttle has been
postponed from because it looks
originally in Monday and it's now going
to be Wednesday but the good news is I'm
still gonna go I'm still gonna film it
and you guys are gonna get the seat I'm
really excited I'm actually really
excited I've lived in Florida my entire
life and yeah if you like look outside
during a space shuttle launch you can
actually see it from wherever you can
pretty much wherever you are at least
till Sarasota and I've never seen it
even then actually totally go dresses
like somebody from Star Trek or Star
Wars longboarding down it would be
pretty sick om he gets one of those I
want one
oh no it's ending
ventually
know what I totally forgot I forgot
today's Halloween so completely so as
you can see this is my current Halloween
costume I spent a lot of time thinking
about what speed I went as myself lame
not only is it Halloween but it's
actually Halley's dad's birthday his
birthday is actually on Halloween so
make sure to say happy birthday Dennis
in the comments so they can read it it
can do for your birthday on top of
Indian presents it's pretty sweet
so speaking of Halloween costumes what
did you guys go as so she always
compared in the comments yeah cuz uh you
obviously see what I'm going to be doing
for Halloween traveling actually I have
I have six hours snow for hours waiting
here to fly on this is future psychic
Charles I'd say there was some Smokies
in there some Antoine Dodson's a couple
of sexy nurses but the one I think is
probably the most common I'm gonna go
with this year being Jersey Shore I
think Jersey Shore so let me know in the
comments what you went dressed up as oh
yeah they're talking about the rally
really that's it that's all you're gonna
give them CNN a blurb lame apparently
there's a lot of news organizations that
actually banned their employees I don't
know how a CNN that they banned their
employees from actually going to the
event
pretty lame car because heat parts and
we got on an earlier flight than he does
since it came out last minute so now we
have to sign the car it's not working
shoot Tokyo Drift this shit yeah oh I
just said shit dang it
wait wait is boy good thing here is
everything for you guys on the plane
finally
at the mall you're so close by but we
feel like bombs in here like we
definitely look like they've been
traveling for about eight hours it's not
even Thanksgiving today's Halloween okay
they're already setting up first and
done them all look how hideous this
section is right here it's so ugly
oh my God look how ugly that is that's
awesome there's a little cutie patootie
oh that's so stinkin Mina no you're not
allowed in the car
yeah it's dancing time especially since
you just flipped me off dance harder
dance harder you're embarrassing me you
doesn't flip me off dancer right you
better dance your little butt off go go
go yeah my karina such a dick it's so
cool yeah you guys got the seat pretty
much everything
that is the Arlington Cemetery right
there
so we meet again Melissa they beat me by
two hours look at my eyes I was just
showing showing that look at my eyes my
eyes are watering coz I'm so tired I'm
going on day three and I've had a total
of four hours of sleep I'm a little
sleepy
in fact that just says sleepy so tired
proves that I'm sleeping tired Bruce I'm
tired tomorrow's your no cussing no
swearing over November we are at a food
store of sorts no we're here at the mall
and the Madison exterior actually came
up to me and pledged allegiance right
now
or stole it stole they did stole it with
a receipt Danis coming so I have a
question Internet if Ali loses her her
bed her swearing thing I get I get a
prize my prize is either Apple TV or
Google TV but I don't know which one so
if you have either one of those let me
know
but yeah so if Ali loses no swear
November I get either Apple TV or Google
TV which one ever whichever ones better
actually I don't Google TV just came out
so if you know if it's better than Apple
TV let me know in the comments but if
she wins she gets a pair of jeans her
nice pair of jeans so I really hope she
loses Marlee Zoe
nice shirt and they're happy hey you
look like me right now what are you
doing why are they so violent having fun
that's a speaker Zoe that's what that is
it's called a speaker okay this is a
nice shirt Papo tripping I'm going to go
upside down Frankenstein's monster
alright alright so how do I get all the
way upside down alright I find Heather
up there we go
doing it going upside down going whoa
and why was it out this is high when you
get good you can actually go then where
your back will come off of the thing oh
that's nice I mean besides my blood
system going into my face I was fighting
a chip I'll demonstrate how I like this
like that piece of chip went up in your
mind why did you do no but seriously a
piece of tortilla whatever is in my eye
right now oh my god char I'm not good hi
mama trippy look at the birthday boy
there's a smell crying you're so
emotional that it's your mom's here and
it's my dad's birthday you're so
homeless for
my mom went to Key West for fantasy fest
how'd you like fantasy fest I would
actually cut to some clips that she sent
me or gave me the camera she recorded
she's she's a vlogger now so this is
something yeah that's actually that's
very true she had the big v8 VHS ones as
you always put that in my face little
little did she know that I would be
doing that to everybody anyway so here's
some clips while I try to get us out of
my face of my mom at Finn AHA fantasy
fest get your exercise right YouTube
YouTube little porch
wherever anybody's taking pictures I'm
right behind him
are you
dear daddy Stannis
nice what time is it it is 6:30 at
midnight no swear November starts
getting okay you're getting okay you're
super cool shaggy I'll wear it
alright so 5-hour trip begins now dogs
are sleeping two hours in and I am very
very very very sleeping but I'll pull
through sure yeah you should go around
each shirt oh that's right I was reading
through the comments before I got in the
car I got to say earlier but a lot of
people asked about Melissa she had a
like YouTube and things and it turns out
my sister for those who don't know my
little sister does have her own YouTube
it is youtube.com slash Mel MPL and I
think our Twitter's twitter.com slash
Melissa Trippi put the stuff in the
video description I promise to actually
do with this times but a lot of the
CTFxC already knows that but this is
just for the new the noobs the CTFxC
noobs who are getting inaugurated into
the CTFxC
I wanna I wanted to say family but I
felt that was kind of redundant the
CTFxC family so it'd be the Charles
Trippy family core family what am I
talking about
I'm trying to catch up with Allie but I
don't see her maybe you guys can go
faster go go go find her guys find her
find her no Larry come back to me 1 2 1
2 3 1 go for 2 right
founder
yay home awesome you guys are right you
totally called it because of my lack of
sleep I am starting to get sick so I
need to fight it and I need to get some
rest and go to bed anyway it was an
awesome trip actually I read where was I
was reading online trying to figure out
how many people were estimated to be at
the rally and the number that keeps
coming up is 215 thousand plus or minus
people so that is insane there's a lot
of people so that was pretty awesome I
hope you guys had a lot of fun I had a
blast
alaa had a blast Melissa had a blast but
we're happy to be home as you can see so
he's attacking up there we go Oh yep
they're happy oh and one
oh yeah and quick reminder again only
two more days to enter to win for these
awesome throw boys subscribe pillows all
the information is down there you have
to like our Facebook page and subscribe
to youtube constable you get it cuz you
subscribe button anyway if you don't
know what I'm talking about read the
video description below anyway oh wait
what time is it I forgot before we
interval yep it's 1:00 o'clock so
no-shave November starts and no swear
November Ally's taking a shower hey Ally
it's past 1:00 o'clock no swear November
starts for an entire month
let it begin
birthday he attacks me
with y'all trippin
with trippy an early
you
