I bet I'm succumbing to the be that
person takes photos and videos of their
food alone I dare to eat the flower heat
it you eat the flower D you can eat it I
will agree if it's all my thing let me
do good you blew out of hand over here
I'll blow on it so it's Sophia's
birthday today I'm talking about
yourself it's a very very special spell
thank you very much
I love it like I blew it out the winner
can attend is like I took what I wanted
why it was there are apps that if you
blow into speakers like this one like
that you play musical instruments oh I
feel like you're you're making like oh
here you watch my feet okay cause your
God so charged trying to prove the fact
that you can play an instrument on your
phone by Voyager
you're like all right I'm a believer
what are you playing it's not just from
pressing it hold it down
that's actually kind of crazy okay all
right I believe you know right you're
not crazy as you look turn that money on
that one today we've got to go a little
bit more Hawaii style and we rented a
jeep and we're taking off the top today
we're taking off for Chuck how scary
would have been like doing a little
tiger sharks in this hammerhead you
would not come back you wanna you wanna
know that was a hammerhead hammerhead
with it bull shark man he would have
been never seen your cow and you have
been done in Ardennes yeah fingers - I
was thinking about like okay so we get a
stick what what is like at that one clip
that you saw like he came after my foot
a little bit okay maybe he would have
bit me I wouldn't probably lost a leg I
was thinking about it okay he bites me
what's going everywhere and then all the
Sharks are coming after us not just me -
coming after you or anyone else turtle
beach babe I think it's what it's all
and supposedly there are a bunch of sea
turtles in this water much more friendly
than sharks we'll see though
fingers crossed are out yeah this might
only sandals five yards oh yeah right
there
there's chillin everywhere I love you
guys too p.m. we'll be swimming with
them you can give me still cool Ali so
excited do you tell her how dangerous
they are though they are just a swallow
you whole
that's all the tax that I throw the back
right there
Wow there's not many people out there
either so I think they'll be there for a
while but yeah if you want to fit your
climbing go get the map so I got my mask
and my snorkel can I go hang out with
some sea turtles thank you that bottom
we can use them for the whole trip not
even in the water yet
by travelpod
okay so remember Helen I need a hair
done my hair is going freely how
yesterday I said swimming with sharks is
probably one of the cool thing it is but
women with Li Turtles is pretty damn
cool too
they kept trying to eat so beats me
pretty much the entire day I made the
new best friend I got play back in
business or the name party no mom Barney
Wilma yeah
and in the other kids I use myself even
like that turtle whisper yeah they kept
talking to me I was like it's like aroma
the thing is like we're swimming so
close they are so fast so you're like
swimming you're cleaning a mask and then
you go back underwater and they're like
almost like taking your feet out and you
can't touch them because it's illegal so
you're always trying to like kind of
like dodging up around but it's so much
fun is that people daughter how to surf
it's done joy - surfing getting that
sweet gnar gnar yes yeah like pottery I
looked in there look at that little girl
oh there we go we started this little
memorial day I met with recommended to
us five times when we had a clue and I
have to like I feel like I've been
effortless hi Madeline where everywhere
we saw Carmen just such awe over what is
this is almost unlike anything I
remember that way for like the greens oh
Beautiful the water is so beautiful you
cannot help them well here my literally
my faces on so much okay can to preserve
that yeah right yeah what a perfect way
to celebrate a birthday right NYC hold
my birthday yeah yeah exactly why we
came active rolling in Sophie's birthday
we have to go
yep
so I'm sure many of you guys have seen
the movie forgetting sarah marshall this
is the cliff where they jumped does it
look more familiar this is where jason
segel got all tangled up it was holding
it
right there you want to jump in now
right now it's the bummer
I really wanted to jump no it would be
pretty sweet though love it oh my gosh I
feel like I hope we're all just hanging
out enjoying this view can you all sort
of cause you know of course we have to
do that
what a way to spend all of it all these
amazing people here yes what I saw right
there
really I was just saying like how
amazing it is that not only we're here
but we're here with all of our greatest
friends yep the bloomer like Danny I
know we really wish so Jani valentina
and Clifford Caitlin and Cooley and
everybody so there you guys have you
remember saved by Medford and
unfortunately they're all doing some
other things today but I am so happy
that were here with all of our good
friends and experiencing this because I
just the sorceress
the most incredible view this way yeah
baby on a dog species unknown bounce
some bounce out he nice gentle drawl
yeah higher in Syria has commedia
hugging kids that's what blew through
cookie I was a couple months ago she's
got a couple years ago that Boulder was
there now it's in the water I guess I
could just come out here to show you the
real thing but there's the boulder it
was just chillin right there so I guess
the 50-foot wave knocked that out come
on birthday boy
come on boy yeah go on so go go go go go
go go
medieval Arabic
in Kentucky I was importing all the
footage and I heard this
that crazy you're on the roof
wow I did so loud to scare the crap out
of me I thought there's a bomb going off
or something especially considering how
to do like going on terrifying
gorgeous
Wow
Wow
as it correct going out to officially
celebrate Sophie's birthday it was a
free birthday but now we got more people
we got trapped here Christy we got Josh
and Ali blowing this little tiki bar
that we kind of found the other day but
this came out it was a long day get the
two mystery girls you know no big deal
you guys had it coolest away
I had to get a straight up for
Weinberger and I got a fan way down you
got some fan drag
it's a biggest fan draft why so fears a
fan for your birthday
how you pulled on the right exactly
welcome back to the hotel how to go pick
up some things from the store that
everyday we gave you all swim with wild
sea turtles just after swimming with
wild sharks
hope you guys enjoyed through this video
and I hope you guys have been enjoying
your virtual trip in Hawaii when you get
home actually we have a road trip that
we're going to be taking with the pups
we were going to fly but then we decided
you know we should take a road trip
kinda like we did in January the sea
snail I'll see you guys all looking this
would be the new poison today
I'll see you guys tomorrow 3 is open to
subscribe you guys are brand new
yes you get by
you
