hi
okay so we're we're heading to DC we are
late as usual we have it's 453 we have
to get there our flights at 6:15 I told
you
so I just got an email from the people
that invited me to the NASA space
shuttle launch and apparently the space
shuttle is leaking and they're repairing
it right now so I won't be able to go
this weekend to the space shuttle
launches so what does that mean
I am currently buying a ticket and
heading to Washington so I was looking
at ticket prices I can get a direct
flight to Washington for like route like
fingers around $200 that's actually
cheaper than Melissa's and Ally's plane
ticket that I bought a month and a half
ago which is kind of funny so I'm going
to go to Washington oh my god okay so
Michaels trying to get to the MARTA and
we cannot help him I'm sorry why can't
you help me get tomorrow doc I can't
know who I'm terrible doing that okay no
you're not oh my God look how cute you
are oh yeah the whole self-deprecating
Act here Michael all right what about
the Mohawk right there Mohawk no no are
you I'm fine
this is Michael so he doesn't like you
like he walked away and he came back he
was like pants on a dog pants on a dog
looking like a fool with pants out a dog
you get pants on you too so obviously
posted on Twitter that I was doing
last-minute trip to Washington to be
with Melissa and Ally for the Colbert
super thing so a couple of you guys
actually suggested something pretty fun
we should have some sort of like mini
CTFxC gathering at the Stuart Colbert
gathering so if we end up having one and
we can do it make sure you're following
me on Twitter it's Charles Trippy that's
my twitter and if we end up like finding
a place where we can do something like
that I'll post it there it might be fun
to meet a few of you Washington Heights
is that Washington Heights
how do you how do you classify the
people of Washington like Washington
canyons
or how that jerk just switched these to
food right out the littering if I ever
catch you littering I will punch you in
the face
our tax money goes submitting the
building's owners make that bidding nice
you want to go in there look it's Whoopi
Goldberg
you met Whoopi Goldberg on your first
five minutes I'm proud to be like super
touristy for that two days all right
finally on the road I had to refuel
along it's okay I'm gonna be going from
now until Tuesday because I'm still
going to the shuttle launch so I'm gonna
get home Halloween go back to
Tallahassee the drive to Cape Canaveral
the following day the drive to Orlando
to get a hotel because I don't want to
really stay in Cape Canaveral the hotels
there are like three hundred dollars
like you just go 20 minutes Orlando
whatever back for the shuttle launch on
Tuesday and then back home so it's to be
really exciting I'm literally talking to
my buddy Travis from Luther King's right
now and we might have a special surprise
for the CTFxC I'll let you know if that
happens but I just wanted to tease you
this song has become the anthem of my
life internet killed the videostar by
the limousines is now my handsome to my
life I almost completely forgot to
congratulate YouTube why Charles why no
that little subscribe button that little
yellow button that has been clicked what
was orange at one point that has been
clicked over 1 billion at times this is
so crazy a billion next question did you
like the yellow button or the order to
subscribe button I'm still partial to
the orange one but the other one is dice
I don't know I'm talking about that
in other news Chatterley one of the
co-founders Curcio just stepped down two
hats off definitely to Steve Chen and
Chad Hurley for creating probably one of
the most influential websites ever it
seems just like a good call we are
finally here and I am so excited
thank you I forget me recommended this
dress on Twitter okay so can you explain
what is this
okay the concept is to create y'all come
up whichever ideas have so many cereals
okay your name
thank you I got this strawberry
cheesecake one I don't have these to
change color in Florida okay so our new
catchphrase for the trip is bitch or
whatever the shuttle launch got pushed
back by one day so he's gonna get to
come here and go to the Sun watch this
is the Major General George Brinton I
can't see the other side of his name now
I don't know if I like Washington
anymore no really hard push it there you
go
now take out the little plastic thing
see there's a little marble in there
yeah Melissa what's going on so we just
decided that we're gonna get a cab ride
back to the hotel and what do you know
same cab what did the chin that's gotta
be some kind of crazy thing like how
many cabs are in DC that's like
ridiculous
he was waiting
who steps up to the Capitol building
we're gonna wish the fortress it's gonna
mean we're really gonna get our wishes
right okay hey it's old house well not
the bridge but it's Tampa
you smell Zoey it's not your poop from
last year I can't believe it's already
been a year this year is just a loan I
can't I can't believe it's October to be
honest with you it just like flew by
pretty soon we're gonna be on year three
of the daily blogs getting a little
hilarious it a little bit hyper when I
drink a lot of coffee and I can't run
around times but you know foots back
this is intense that gentleman is
driving dangerously fast
it's gonna be full of people it's
already oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
oh my gosh to the archives of the there
yeah hell I was there too Mel let's go
live there and there's a national
Christmas tree
whoa whoa whoa is that a box that houses
it beehive are you telling me that the
White House gets its own honey I don't
know what this is but it's something
famous okay so we're stupid this is the
monument to the soldiers of the 1st
Infantry Division of the US Army well
I've got like this awesome ones we're
going to the monument to the heroic
women of the truck of the Civil War II
summon bitty man and I got 30 gotta go
they got the other one that I see so
you've got a fitted me then Madison this
is like you know Isabel and Ferdinand
Isabel why cooking the ones responsible
for the explosion of all the Jews from
Spain
she is sniffing in the trash cans for
bombs
what a good little puppy you guys it
doesn't even look real it looks like a
painting my dad when I was little we
used to rake up a huge pile of leaves I
would jump in it
we're totally defeat the whole purpose
of raking the leaves the other side of
the White House yeah we're gonna see if
we can get rock Obama to come outside
and say hi
where's the Treasury Department former
clothing
that's what scary spider so look like
kidnapped hey goby I'm watching them for
tonight because my mom my dad are going
out so I'm babysitting Coby sup buddy
what's up dude we haven't seen you in a
while so I got in this Arizona and how
they called me apparently the hotel that
they're staying at or was staying at the
Internet upload speed I'm not kidding it
was at point 1 it was gonna take three
and a half hours upload at 85 megabytes
so I guess needless to say we had to
move her to another hotel so they're
currently going to a faster hotel I feel
like if your internet speed is 0.14
uploading you shouldn't even advertise
that you have internet our high speed
internet that is that that's like the
slower than dial-up I go I'll get a
pizza or something you want to swim it
no what you dude they go oh my god I
want to go swimming so I'm talking to
Melissa and they just get to the new
hotel Ali do you want to tell them how
fast this internet upload is it wasn't
Barcelona right oh my god this is the
fastest internet we've ever had can
anyone in the internet land beat 22
megabytes upload speed it is the tour
okay sorry I just wanted to record this
hotel just to show you how disgusting it
was this is all like crappy not painted
wires hanging down randomly no AC which
is expected I guess because it's a you
know older cold climate hotel oh there's
trash behind the desk and behind the bed
hasn't been cleaned
I know I felt first even just like
didn't just sitting on the toilet okay
so yeah that's the hotel that we were
gonna be staying and so thank goodness
yeah we love you Charles
so this is our new hotel guys is this
not gorgeous we have our own bathrobes
and everything we have our own beds we
get chocolate every night every also how
many times have I said the word awesome
today
let's count let's do a recap of that I
literally think I use that word more
than any other word in my vocabulary
now saw stood but it's a great day it's
been fun to take you guys around with us
in DC alright guys well I got to get the
bed it is one o'clock I have to go to
Tampa at 5:00
okay everyone going to bed where's
Marley how did you get under there
goofball all right good night guys
it's that sound again
