good morning guys literally good morning
it is seven in the morning right now
apparently there's a seven in the
morning didn't know that internet killed
penetrating I am currently driving to
drop Ali's car to get an oil change so
she's able to drive it this weekend you
guys want to know how I know it's too
early to be up when I go hey guys do you
guys want to go for a car ride and the
dogs just lift their heads up look at me
and put them back down I made him get up
but uh it is that early that our dogs
didn't want to get up oh look it's still
dark out this isn't cool he's always
like a zombie right now she's like what
what what what's going on I'm dreaming
right all right all right I actually
used to have to get up a lot earlier I
used to have a class I was a key what
you call a TA for statistics at USF and
my class was at seven in the morning
that was so rough okay so I know there's
you know a lot of people that go to work
at like seven or eight in the morning
but for a college student to go to class
at seven in the morning that was rare uh
very rare this better be the best oil
change in the world oh there's Ali and
she's going back to bed Oh No may not I
like how how high or do I look right now
ten being beach go to bed and one being
go run a marathon oh you're like let's
go back to bed okay I guilty I feel like
we should stay up and
okay well I'm gonna go back to bed now
good morning I'll see you in a couple
hours there's a thunder scaring you he's
always scared of thunder yeah bark at it
go baby go baby go go go process don't
get stuck Oh Ali oh I just miss Sally's
call sorry I'm just getting excited
since YouTube's in breaking with the
upload tool I this but by the way if
you've been trying to upload your videos
and may have been taking forever or
getting stuck use this it's called the
advanced video file upload switch camera
burial advanced video file upload it's
right here and uses java or if you want
to say haha um but yeah and it seems to
work a lot better
Oh
also this whole not cussing thing is
really kind of bumming me out although I
found that I feel like the whole not
cussing for a month thing might actually
make me calm her as a person I feel like
I'll calm down a little bit in
situations where i normally get a little
too fired up these are just the
preliminaries I'm trying really hard not
to cuss but it's been difficult I know
that's terrible but cussing is really
bad it makes you sound silly but I do it
a lot and I'm trying to cut back on that
so it's officially starting on November
first and going until December first and
if I make it through I get a prize I
know so you guys are probably like the
prize is that you're a better person
tonight I am driving down to Sarasota
and I will be in get this get ready
washington d.c our nation's capital i am
so excited it's like I'm freaking out
I've never been so excited so I'm going
with Charles's sister Melissa if you
haven't subscribe to her channel you
should cuz she post videos as well six
something and dropped it off for 7 still
not done getting cabin fever let's do
something fun that doesn't look fun I'm
still trying to figure out where the
microphone is on here because if I cover
this it doesn't sound any different
right oh no no not off off off off same
thing that's worse by something so
stupid what about if I do this covered
covered covered uncovered uncovered any
difference watch Marley she does not
like getting your feet wet it's she's
gonna avoid it see Zoey doesn't care she
watch her she won't step in the grass
come on you have to go go straight to
the mulch so prissy and then right off
the grass outlook it back to wearing
sandals Oh phone call so did you custody
you did you can't do that by myself I
can no you can't cuz we're officially
starting November first though so while
i'm doing no shave november she's gonna
be no cussing November no sign of em no
sway November and it's mostly in the car
when I by myself I get mad at people for
doing dangerous stuff and then I yellow
them yeah cuz I can hear you right it's
like yeah that's why I denied cuz no one
can hear me it's like yelling at the TV
I'm having what you call a bad hair day
a her day what is this what is this
right here I look like that guy from
happy days was it happy days you know
the greaser guy was like it was a sitcom
wanna say was like Mary Tyler Moore
there was the two greaser guys when was
shortened was tall and they talk like
this hey hey let's do it let's do
something Han wearing greaser you know
I'm talking about I don't know the older
viewers might know but uh yeah and then
it falls back down pull it up balls back
there and then I got a pimple I'm just
having a bad day is like the complain
when it's crappy out like this such a
crappy day complain bitch bitch bitch
complain
what are they doing to her car where'd
you come from okay go back to your hole
where'd you come from okay go back to
your hole so we're so apparently um the
ford dealership this ford dealership I
went to get an oil change and apparently
they screwed up the battery and see the
thing is at six o'clock now she needs to
start heading down because she is really
early flight for out of Tampa so she
needs to go to Sarasota tonight to meet
up with Melissa they're kind of giving a
crap so I'm gonna I'm kind of playing it
back right now because I always feel
that service mechanics and things like
that they always treat women differently
for some reason so I'm kind of they
don't know I'm with her so I'm just kind
of watching and seeing how they treat
her and then I'm gonna go and I'm gonna
release the banhammer I guess oh yeah
they did something with a battery I
don't know what it is because her radio
won't turn on and her little unlocked
electric locks and windows won't go up
and down with the car starts very
strange and it worked the work before we
came here hooters she's trying to get
him to fix it she's like oh you better
fix my car it worked fine before I
brought it here well I'm sorry no you
better fix it now how many of you think
Ali's breaking her a little no customer
all right now on the phone hey hot stuff
she doesn't hear me she's ignoring me I
think she's choosing to ignore me did
you just the dogs just put the window
down I didn't even do that see look at
she puts it down yeah
after you get the weird ears again no
cussing they may have shorted out the
radio like damage the radio what this is
the worst place possible you probably
get better customer service as a jiffy
lube or like oil change in 10 minutes
place not an actual dealership this Ford
dealership sucks I i realize i'm
complaining a lot today and i apologize
but i guess you know keeping in
tradition to the daily the whole aspect
of this being a daily video diary of
every single day of our life um you know
some days we have to complain everyone
has to complain sometimes now the
problem is when you complain too much
today is kind of annoying day freakin
here oh I got an idea let's all just
complain in the comments just like say
what's pissing you off right now like I
when the toilet seats up or I hate
pickles I hate when somebody chews with
her mouth open it's a perfect time to
vent today will be our venting day
everyone's vent in the comments I feel
better already well if you ever need
anything done with your car make sure
not to come to this place unless you
want to fry your radio and not have a
work anymore big dummies pardon me ma'am
do you have any Grey Poupon
fine okay ready she is psycho with that
face you Tom Jerry Tom get you Tom I'm
not amused god this is like look at her
face she's so so freaked out right now
like I let her sit up our bot o our lay
on her side and this is the only way you
can do it well so she doesn't get
herself hurt baby so I have to basically
let her flop around like a fish what
she's done flopping around like a fish
that she's like now she's tired so weird
using this camera again I'm back to the
little black camera I am so much
different though sir Ali's packing she's
gotta head down a day early yeah you're
a buck short memory for I'm losing
feeling damn it right to us what's the
name of the song hey what's the name of
the song what is it dang it I thought it
who is sitting for the zone so just an
update your the lights none of the
lights work in the car the locks don't
work the radio doesn't work that that
Ford dealership really screwed screwed
something up yeah I think there's a
camera at that cute okay where you doggy
you're everywhere Oh super quiet without
ah son of a-- my favorite belt broke I
was wondering why I pants were falling
off this is my favorite Oh rest in peace
little bill done to us I broke dudes
anyway what I was saying was it's quiet
without heli here and she's heading down
now and while she's gonna be tired she's
not gonna get there till about like 12
or one o'clock in the morning and then
she flies out she has to leave the
airport like three or four in the
morning so
yes so Melissa's gonna have our hands
full with that one isn't it crazy how
narrow this camera the old camera is
compared to the new one I gave Ali the
new one so she can film the rally cuz
i'll have the 7d for the space shuttle
look I mean this barely fits my giant
head in this entire frame you said you
could see the entire car all right i
just spent entirely too much time in
publix decided i was i was literally i'm
not kidding i was literally in front of
the stir fry section for about seven
minutes deciding i'm trying to figure
out you know like when you go to a
Chinese flight Chinese restaurant and
you order sesame chicken I was trying to
figure out what that sauce was that's
like my favorite food ever but I
couldn't figure it out so I just want
with sushi with a little bit of wasabi
wasabi ah well okay so this is this is a
gift from kara's daddy hi Han I just
stopped off in gainesville for a second
although it really took like 20 minutes
cuz i drove literally 10 miles past your
exit don't tell Charles so these are
they're little they're a lovely little
pumpkin just waiting to be car yeah what
are you gonna do something fancy Ansel's
um gross that is where I no longer i'm
interested in this ok so i was just
admiring this giant like wall this
canvas that they have it's a map of the
world but i'm a little confused about
this I don't know if anybody's ever seen
a map of florida but this is not right I
don't know what this all this little
nugget right here it's not supposed to
be there so I mean nothing maybe yeah I
know I don't something's going on that
are not telling us I don't know who made
this but they know something I don't
like karen has fun house so usually
guess which shelf is it which is belongs
to which person yet we've got Ilorin
Ilorin I can't and a hand okay Hannah
loves Jesus but this does not look like
Hannah this does not work here
oh gosh this was I can just die I don't
know stuff is that Hannah no dang it's
got strike 2 so something is the one I
said doesn't look like yeah okay great
the first one that I say it's not
Hannah's is hannahs okay so this is
Hannah ok it's not focusing with a half
apparently step brothers why are you at
a focus iron focus second this is their
family photo collection this is very
nice I love it love it oh I think you're
Simon yeah by the way that's eh lo face
it's not duck face that is the H loafing
okay oh goodness that stinks okay
everyone's alright that's good it's not
a huge amount of traffic and flashing
lights I got really nervous but everyone
looks okay
Oh crazy cha cha cha cha hun catch on hi
oh goodness these are getting the camera
with her brain and I'm going to bed oh
don't worry look at me I've been awake
like 24 hours ok I'm going to bed
leaving for DC in like two hours yep
it's a beautiful day
it's that sound again
