good morning everyone so I'm just
currently reading the comments i just
uploaded the vampires don't sparkle
video and i'm so relieved and so excited
i betta movies giddy as a schoolgirl the
entire day internet penetration like one
of those things where you work really
hard for so long on something like a
school project or just anything and like
a video in this case and you really hope
it's accepted people like what you're
doing and every time I upload a video
you guys never cease to amaze me you
guys are always so supportive and even
if you don't like a video you're always
very constructive and you tell me what I
should have done better or how I should
improve it and things like that inch
it's awesome it's awesome to have this
conversation every single day with
hundreds of thousands of people all over
the world I'm definitely one of the
luckiest people ever and i truly
appreciate that and i truly appreciate
you guys watching I'm gonna cry too if
you don't know what vampires don't
sparkle or the video or anything like
that you can click right here and click
this annotation and go check it out it's
only a minute and a half and you can
come right back to the log or they'll be
a link at the end of this video so thank
you thank you guys so much i hope you
send it to all your friends vampire
loving or not maybe werewolf loving but
yeah I look I just came out of the
office and this is what i see so here
ridiculous all right I gotta go to post
office be good since Ali thought it was
so funny yesterday that I couldn't
figure out how to use her car she she
stole my car Ali just stole my car
grrrrrr wait a min anyway so Ali leaves
tomorrow alamosa leave for Washington if
you didn't know my sister and Ali are
going to Washington DC for the Stephen
Colbert jon stewart rally for the rally
to restore sanity and or fear the same
time i was invited to nasa to record one
of the final space space launches space
launches shuttle launches we're going to
combine it to be one epic weekend
long tacular of struggle in there but I
figured it out didn't I so this
weekend's gonna be pretty epic but I'm
on my way to my favorite place in the
entire world the United States Postal
Service office of hell luckily I don't
have that much to ship so they won't
give me too much too much crapolla but
there probably will by the way it's not
hot out I just like this hat you know
why I like this hat this hat I stole
from my dad probably 15 16 years ago I
stole this hat for my dad it was like
one of his beanies is one of his
favorite beanies and I was like yo ink
and I stole it and ice I've been wearing
it ever since that's I think that's why
I like this hat so much it's a result of
stealing I'm just kidding those steel
kids it's very bad especially for your
parents you know what today is Wednesday
know what tomorrow is Thursday not the
day after that is Friday you know what I
want to be in friday Washington DC I
think I just said you know what I'm
gonna be in friday that was not a
grammatically correct sentence in
English hey that wasn't so bad they're
actually pretty nice I guess all that
complaining actually worked then again
wasn't that really really really really
really really really really really
really really rude supervisor working so
that may have been why everyone was so
at such a good mood because she wasn't
around so read your comments again and
okay you guys are so funny apparently
this is a really good idea you should
post the video the vampire video on all
the Twilight forums and bulletin boards
and fan groups and Facebook groups I bet
you all the twat tarts are gonna are
gonna really enjoy that so if you want
to put on anything other than Twitter
and Facebook post it to like Twilight
forums and uh oh the comments are gonna
get bad now they'll still be funny
Twilight trolls wait do they even have
trolls in the Twilight series seriously
straight to poopin right next to your
house Lucas the hobbit hole boy since
this camera has a bigger zoom see it yep
it's gone
it's definitely not in the trees anymore
oh man I wonder somebody actually found
the rocket or if it's in that Jurassic
Park abyss
she said cookie no Toby
look at that tongue hey bitch quit
stealing stuff this isn't yours that's
such a funny shot this is a fucking
ankle nom nom nom nom nom nom Oh Juke
oh so venegas like Baker out no way Jose
oh I kind of faked her out what you have
to do to get a good shot look guys I'm
actually wearing shoes and not sandals
today it's a miracle as for the game is
spot the white dog found her you know
what I'm gonna start calling Marley from
now on Napoleon cuz she's got the
Napoleon complex she's like always
attacking everybody she's like no I'm
small I can rule the world the hell is
this hey Napoleon get over here yeah
that's pretty snobby where's the one
with the tongue up zoom in on that yep
that's definitely Marley oh my god I got
attacked there all better simple things
simple things
I want to live on there
looks fake I swear I didn't green screen
that you guys time I turned around the
corner and this is what Ali's doing wait
so is she in 3d is it really good yeah
stick your Anna's all cartoons on the
wolf used to go like oh yeah and it's
here I back up does it work no because
you guys have to be all right see this
works you have to hold it up to it I
don't think it's working jeez washing
machine you're so loud that better no
wow she's 3d play that drunk drivers
swervin know he is pleased he's getting
a swerve on don't drink and drive and
don't steal from your parents those are
two lessons from today's will hug could
I stole this hat for my dad when I was
younger oh and you get in trouble for no
he doesn't know oh haha Shh finally been
looking for it for like 25 years I never
knew that I have your hat sorry hey dad
got your hat
is that your dance it's like all
flickery she just say y'all she's asleep
is it all what whatever table of ketchup
yeah all right vidya number one is going
to be tomato paste tomato concentrate
okay vinegar water water salt I don't
know what is tomato wouldn't catch up
known for being really high fructose
corn syrup villagers corn syrup and
Twitter miss Jill and in vinegar vinegar
vinegar I don't know I give up I give a
fine time I core corn syrup then all
right another lesson don't eat ketchup
even though it's delicious
good
last q so we got to go to the library
library because who's procrastinating
doing all their work before going to
Washington huh doesn't do till Monday oh
okay well then you're being
exceptionally good student no there's
lines all over the place look at the
lines yeah it's weird i don't know it's
only this camera to your face did it too
i'll give me give me your best
impression of the music I listen to like
that and in my defense she was saying
this about thursday and if you know
anything about thursday what are you
doing back me up guys back me up I don't
listen to stupid music do I huh you like
a lost little puppy where you going yeah
a frog oh no no it was okay like a dog
it does not look like a dog looks like a
dog howling okay we'll go good oh you
weren't able to do it cuz you're bad
vlogger you forgot your battery look at
that that is Marley this is Marley
I I guess I kind of see it it looks like
kind of like a sea lion or a seal beast
alerted huh she's laughing oh hi are you
so crazy right oh she had a margarita
that's what it is that's what it is
quite punch buggy no punch is back oh ok
back for every time you've done that
don't oh oh what silver punch buggy no
punch back right there yes sneaking in a
library Shh we're in peanut butter this
is wrong what peanut butter obviously we
spoke there from like the 50 really yeah
if they ever heard of the Internet Oh
they've heard a Wikipedia what's wrong
with the lights there's a 30
this is slimmer from a library I'm
ghostbusters let me go meet him don't I
look like a giant from this angle I'm
gonna stop little people what what okay
d do you want to tell him your contest
we're doing here Ali cannot cus for an
entire month an entire month she bet me
that she could do it I don't know what's
make a prize for her in the comments
what what should Ali win if she can goes
the entire month starting now starting
right now without cussing no a whole
hell damn shit fuck a whole asshole ok
you're gonna be my monitor ok yeah yep
it's not gonna happen which let's do our
own little bet on what day do you think
Ali's gonna break no no you're not oh
well not cos until the summer first ok
and I can I can I can do whatever I need
to to make you cuss oh and by the way if
you didn't know about this contest we're
giving away these awesome pills do you
guys information is in the video
description below down there and you can
win some awesome subscribe pillows but
yeah the sub bar check it out down there
so I say you're gonna break in a week
are we gonna have thanks not
dance shake your butt shake it yeah okay
you're allowed in now naughty more like
pop phone how does that get that thing
is like four years old isn't it yeah
like you
catch it I didn't catch it what is it
it's been ten those 25 it's been 25
minutes and Ali's watching the daily
show with Obama's on it and she just
looked at me she goes it's gotta be so
fucking hard to be the president 25
minutes in oh that's your Mulligan okay
I didn't catch a she was honest so that
was good let me know how long you can
she's gonna last all right get it all
out that was all just bleeps that was
all just flips because it was too bad
babe all right good night just in case
you haven't seen her latest get real
vampires don't sparkle I don't know why
I keep doing the movie voice trailer guy
but you can click right here go check it
out I'm really happy about it it's only
a min half and I think you guys really
like it all the twihards have see you
guys tomorrow
Wow
but you
for speaker
you know what
you
merci
there he is
you wanna leave
