hey good morning everyone I'm rushing to
campus right now to bring this to Ali
she's a bad vlogger
she brought her camera but not her bad
fail all right now to find Ali somewhere
is normally brother right guys the one
who's lecturing on campus but this is a
religious lecture by this guy named Tom
on YouTube I've got a little section
here derivative drugs that are designed
alter our state of consciousness
historically to give us a spiritual
experience and I believe a spiritual
experience is demonic oh I think this is
the problem that I have is that every
time someone asks him a question his
answer but he never gives an answer he
always talks about something else we're
cold love goddess all of our mind not to
lose our mind or lose control
okay I'm gonna leave now I really wasn't
posting this for any like I'm not saying
anything for my personal opinion I just
want to show you maybe you guys want to
see an iPhone fail really quick and all
you iPhone haters are gonna love this
one I just want to show you guys
something I saw on Mac rumors I wanted
to share it just in case you didn't say
it well I'm basically waiting for the
stupid video to process or publish it
spent zero forever say you have a locked
phone oh no you can't get into my phone
oh look it's blonde ally alright so you
can't get in my phone don't know the
password oh no watch this yeah it
emergency call hit any number don't do
9-1-1 obviously but like pound pound
pound if you hit the send bought the
send button and then the power button
watch this it's like what is it doing
what's it doing oh it's just you know
getting to your contacts and you can
make free phone calls now isn't that
splendid and the worst part is then if
you try to hit the home button it
doesn't work or the power button doesn't
work so you have to basically restart
your phone I don't know I thought I'd
give some of the justification to the
Apple haters because that is a pretty
big fail do you guys know any other like
tricks or hacks or glitches on the
iPhone cuz I'd be coming in you want to
see a really fun one watch this alright
I don't know if I could show you this on
the screen ok watch you can kind of see
the screen but if you hold shift and
then you double tap or double click the
top of a browser it does this
oh no it's slow-motion old school trick
thought I'd show you anyway though so
what I do when I'm bored okay so I've
been in class for an hour and the guys
still there and look at the gather right
now there's so many more people another
oh now this is a student
I'm on the phone with my friend Hannah
right now literally this girl just got
rear-ended by that guy oh there was a
third car oh my god three cars are in
into each other oh that's so Explorer
girl what are you doing
where's the wait what are you doing with
that leg what are you doing with that
leg so weird yeah I'll be right back
okay hey put that leg down cover
yourself do you have no shame jeez what
a go to Goodwill I have a couple things
we've been cleaning or we're trying to
clean up the apartment Ali leaves
Thursday and this is as far as we've
gotten in the office yeah not very good
that closet that's a mess right there
such a big closet too we can really use
it not a gloomy day in Tallahassee it's
like raining but it's not raining it's
like annoying rain where it's like wets
everything then you go outside you're
like yeah let's go outside do something
oh wait
everything's disgusting by the way I'm
totally enjoying not having to hold this
camera like this it's nice right there
perfect here do you need a turtle or
something wiper blades for a headlight
that just made the list of things that I
think are ridiculous all right so
keeping with the whole love and not hate
type of thing I was talking about
earlier in the vlog I have an idea I'm
probably gonna be regretting but okay in
the comments I want you to leave a
comment saying something positive or
nice about the person who commented the
the last so for example if you look down
in the comments right now and the one at
the very top the most recent one say
something nice about them I'm just
feeding the trolls today aren't I
this might actually turn have to be
extremely entertaining okay you see the
little red dot totally woke up to a
pimple on my nose I know here I'll start
it off whoever is the most recent
comment oh that one
you have good capitalization see did
something positive today now it's your
turn hey I'm sorry did that scare you
you guys gotta get your nails trimmed
you look like Wolverine scimitar inky
dinky dink skinnamarinky do I don't get
it somebody just peed on it why do you
want to smell that disgusting is over I
think what I try that I'm just gonna
start peeing on things to mark my
territory up that's my game boy I peed
on it quicker that's at exactly waking
her up okay so I'm not crazy right
before I make this argument oh you're
crazy but the first question that he
asked this gentleman in his cab was like
on what scale does water freeze and boil
at exactly zero and exactly 100 degrees
I said Celsius like centigrade he said
Fahrenheit and he gave him that he gave
him the answer so unless I misheard the
question and I'm a psycho that was
completely wrong water does not freeze
at zero degrees Fahrenheit freezes at 32
degrees Fahrenheit zero degrees Celsius
that was wrong I'm calling out cash cabs
like so I was just finishing up some
editing and I thought that it would be
really kind of you know fun to play a
video game because I don't even actually
remember the last video game that I
bought I think was the first you know I
think the last video game i bought was
call of duty whatever the class call of
duty was what was it i can't remember
the name of it
Dead Rising 2 Fallout New Vegas and then
I saw that there was a new Call of Duty
coming out that has zombies in it too
pretty soon there's gonna be like Disney
with zombies Nickelodeon with zombies
Dora the Explorer with zombies oh that I
would actually want to see that day I
don't know what the game to get because
when I was younger I used to play video
games constantly but I just don't have
time anymore and I don't think you guys
want me sitting around playing video
games for thirteen hours a day although
that would be kind of interesting can I
do it one time you know what let's make
a deal when half-life episode 3 ever
when it ever comes out I get to play it
right shake on it
everyone shake virtual shake should I
get Dead Rising 2 which was pretty sweet
the first one was pretty sweet Fallout
New Vegas
I've never played any of the fallout I
just saw that then looked kind of cool
or should I just wait for the new Call
of Duty I'm letting you guys decide
because you're nerds like me and you
probably know more than I do
we're all nerds in our own way but I
need your help nerds what are going to
Best Buy and see oh my school of course
it's after 9 o'clock that's a good thing
no that's a good thing because now I can
wait for you guys to tell me which games
best if you Best Buy for having proper
acceptable hours of operation you know
what I realized with this new camera and
makes my head look a little less big
it's good for my self-esteem I'm like
one of the Fatheads
wait wait a quick what TV show is that
from come on you got to know this you
know what they say about people with big
heads big brains it's true you can crush
me crush can you find the toad and she's
telling me I'm funny make analysis of
Japanese that's a lot of words but it's
okay I'm just doing a linguistics
project and I'm getting to with native
Japanese speakers from Japan and she
helped me so this lady's awesome and now
we're getting present hot chocolate
which is like the best thing ever
okay so these are the people that I just
went to JSA to they're helping with my
Japanese project these are them one of
your name Matthew bola
hello Anna oh hi you're cute Angie are
you friend American yes and apparently
honest friend watches maybe maybe
watched alright alright put it in the
video so if your own US friend hello and
thank you for watching our videos okay
is it awkward if I just stare into the
camera and don't say anything
you thought I wasn't scared you didn't
you don't don't lie you thought I was
gonna do it not gonna do it I'm above
that I've gotta leave this Best Buy
parking lot otherwise this whole vlog is
gonna be me vlogging and the Best Buy
parking lot you know what it looks like
right now cuz I've been here so long
with all the foggy the the windows being
all fogged it's like Titanic's like I
guess it goes to show that I can have
fun with pretty much anything sitting in
a car in a parking lot in front of a
closed Best Buy with a camera talking to
myself and only a couple people will see
this that's good whew
alright now how the hell do I wipe the
windshield in a Holly's car this no
that's the drive no it's bright ah
defeated by an old car oh wait ha I knew
that
what are you doing don't you know you're
gonna scare me you're sorry to the
camera
I knew it and now the moment you've all
been waiting for real vampires don't
Sparkle it's that epic I had to use my
movie trailer voice this video was
really fun to shoot I had a lot of
awesome people helping me with it so I
really want you guys go check it out and
make sure to send it to all your vampire
loving friends click here or go to
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy really
appreciate the love guys happy Halloween
