check it out this is what YouTube look
like exactly five years ago there's
websites for you can like look at web
archives like old school websites I
guess it's just like archives the layout
I decided to look at October 25th today
well when I recorded this today and this
is exactly what YouTube looked like five
years ago I wanted to show you just a
couple of things here at least which the
macro alright so obviously the tagline
kind of changed a little bit and this
kinda looks the same but I wanted to
show you some crucial things that could
hit the recent tags there's some things
about YouTube it's never changed can you
see it did you see yeah I don't know if
you saw it okay it's right there penis
and then I wanted to show you this right
here last 15 users online that's how
many people were on this site there was
like no one on the site obviously this
is a few days after I signed up and then
okay check out the today's featured
videos this used to be the prominent
this is where a lot of youtubers this is
where I got my first big break was I was
featured around this time this is a
probably a year later is when I started
getting really powerful the site but
look at front page feature on YouTube
still only 24 views nine views 45 years
one four five star rating it's it's
really unbelievable how crazy big this
is
Oh YouTube my you've grown here's the
bad part I've been trying to upload
yesterday's vlog and it's still as you
can see it's still processing I don't
know why but it's still processing so
five years later you're still broke but
it's okay we still love you cuz somehow
no camera trouble I forgot to tell you
guys earlier this morning I had a food
day out no no not that be achievable in
my Italian class and I made pesto
everybody loved it if you haven't tried
my pesto recipe I think it's on the
website somewhere charizard on the
website it should be I guess fat an egg
right here what's this what's this
what's this do you believe
look at the package is the one we got
ASD 3500 is today we're going to do a
side-by-side comparison between this one
what is this 780 I probably kind of
funny
I love new gadgets I love new gadgets no
but seriously I freaking love gadgets
I'm gonna go scare her she's on her
phone Shh yeah very nice and Twitter I
was like wait a minute wait a minute
that's definitely got FSU yeah I just
transferred here you know it's really
weird is that I've been watching for
like a year and a half now really and
I've been using the vlogs you're gonna
figure out like what to do exciting guys
know so cool I don't have to feel like I
don't have to go like this anymore this
is what I used to have to look like when
I had to vlog this is exactly what you
said dude see this okay I was stretched
out like this all the time now I was
bright even in the shot wasn't I
I'm probably still in the shot this is
so cool I'm so happy I'm so excited can
you tell I'm such a nerd when it comes
to at electronics I don't know why it
gets so excited don't it I think I'm
fascinated by the advancement of
technology like for example the robot
vacuum that still blows my mind just
imagine if you're the great-great
grandparents or something if they were
alive if they are wow that's pretty cool
but if it you know just imagine them
coming into your house and seeing a
robot you know or like a camera like
this can take that could take photos
instantly and then put on something
called a computer and upload it to this
place called the Internet
just the advancement of technologies is
mind-boggling and what's really crazy is
that a lot of you probably grew up with
computers you've never had a life
without computer I feel that my
generation is the last generation to
know a world without computers in the
comments tell me what age you got your
very first computer or if you don't know
the age like what grade you were in
school I was in 4th or 5th grade so I
was either like 9 or 10 years old when I
got my very first computer and the game
I used to love to play was chopper it
was like the black screen with the green
font like everything was green there was
no desktop it was just green all right
that's one in the car
Wow there is but you could touch the
dashboard go to the dashboard you can I
could see you touching the dashboard on
the new camera I you
it's so crazy I can put everyone in the
shot like that over your shoulder she's
like hey I don't like this it's not very
cool all right
let's test this baby out here's a wide
shot this is so much more room on the
right side you can see Zoe before Zoe
shows up on the other camera all right
this is a face shot which one looks
better
ignore my stupid face but just look at
the color the quality of the video now
if we come over here we see the famous
Hobbit cave right behind me you take a
look right back there just there there's
an opening for the hobbits cave let's
take a look
now as you can see this must be a
standard IV Hobbit
based on the way that the based on the
way the three habits so you might want
to watch out for the deadly izb that
likes to live around these parts and
feast on the dung of these particular
hobbits what run use the whole bit
eating history did you not video videos
this must be the stupid younger why
didn't you tell based on her behavioral
habits such as climbing on random
outsiders I wanted to test you on the
new camera hey hey hey hey hey
look at his feet is get pollen
what are you doing Marley is the Hobbit
trying to find other holes can you guys
see a difference
I told he can especially on the macro
the macro just looks somewhat just just
pops out more whoo what is in here all
right there's Ally's eyeball good throw
you have something on your head and then
you have something hey on your tongue
and then you got something over there
this is on a5 zoom right now this looks
so good
yeah
all right these are both on 5x zoom can
you tell the difference so crazy I love
this new camera that's raining I'm gonna
ruin my new camera get a brand new
camera and ruin it the same day wouldn't
surprise me though all right this is the
low-light test you can definitely see
our entire living room when this new
camera hey slurpee McGee are you looking
at the fish
apparently our frog is anorexic I guess
he's just not eating it's not eating at
all he's super skinny I know
though he's eating he's eating he's
eating he's eating he's eating I just
saw me come on froggy
eat your food you look so skinny not
only did a new camera come today so we
were talking about this in the live show
I don't know if you guys saw this what
for oh boy calm throw boy pillows they
sent us a bunch of subscribe pillows a
bunch of chat pillows these are on sale
on their website all right so we got
nine pillows to give away and OH two to
elaborate make this even cooler Ally's
gonna do the background music for us
anyway so get nine pillows that suit at
those it's a couple it's a coke only a
couple steps all you're gonna have to do
is go to youtube duct you have to go to
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy and
subscribe pretty obvious subscribe
pillows you have to subscribe so
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
subscribe and then to enter the contest
after you did that you go to our
Facebook group is facebook.com slash
Charles Trippy friend course right here
on the screen go there and click like
and when you cook like okay we're gonna
I screwed up so I had to stop no more so
once you go and click the like on our
Facebook group it puts you on our you
know the friends list
can go and scroll through and then pick
out nine awesome people worldwide the
last contest was only limited United
States
this one's worldwide anyway alright now
we have to meet you because I can't even
think I want to say thank you to throw
boy throw boy calm without them this
would not be happening so they're
actually the ones that send them to us
and if you want to buy them go check it
out throw boy calm links in the sub are
they're actually really it's all
handmade alright so I just got the drum
track from Charlie puth so I'm starting
to record the bass and the guitar for
that cover ally wanted to do with After
Hours so hopefully hopefully in the next
week or two I have this done but
recording is proving to be quite
difficult since I'm what you call a OCD
perfectionist I guess I think I just
combined two different things actually
whoo wish me luck
outrageous focus octopus I heard it
octopus oh damn it I was close today's
been pretty productive I started doing
the cover song so recording the music
listen
see I got it going I got the face and
then Charlie puth did the drums this
video is finally almost done it's gonna
be uploaded this week and just get a
figure I just gotta figure out
realistically should I do it way before
Halloween or just before Halloween so
I'm trying to figure that out
I'm still working on a couple things
just kind of tweaking it and being
completely OCD with the audio cuz we
shot this among a really busy highway in
LA and which is a bad idea to do that
and you don't have a boom mic we didn't
have when we were shooting on a 5d and a
7d so I'm still tweaking this I know I
know I keep hyping it up but I'm just
really proud of this like just can't
wait to show you guys this video alright
time for bed Alli say good night
Alli has to test tomorrow she's studying
right now
yawning look yeah oh oh did you say oh
 hey guys don't forget to enter the
windows awesome subscribe pillows thanks
to throw boy calm all the information is
in the video description below if you
have any other comments or questions
well just I guess leave it in the
comments and I'll hopefully see those
but everything should be in the video
description again anybody in the world
any age can enter alright see you guys
tomorrow
you
they
