as you can tell I have a brand new
obsession for the iPhone it's called
it's an iPhone app called actually I
think it works for the iPod - it's
called la-dee-da the links in the
sidebar but it basically makes me sound
like t-pain but much better obviously
I'll do one right now
walk down Street yeah to get some
groceries then I want to get some milk
because I want cereal
yeah dog ok listen do it yeah dog all
right you got to do one does make words
up ready hit record record in three
seconds one oh my god I know you do I
want to make you from the dirty dirty
south you're gonna combine two wells
it's not really for your style because
you can't think about what you're all
the rappers are like this is this is not
right
MC pee pants and I like to poop always
hanging with the freshest dog he's
always in the loop I'm a total bitch
yeah
if you mess of meat though you in a
ditch huh
break it down break it down oh yeah
it's a toast for the douchebags let's
have a toast for assholes with those
foot scumbags every one of them that I
know
let's have a toast for the Jerrica oh my
god I just had the greatest idea
let's auto-tune the dogs warm enough I'm
obviously gonna have a lot of fun with
this I wanted to ask you guys if you do
this too because I opened the fridge to
get the milk for my cereal and this is
what I saw in the frigerator Ali thinks
like rejuvenates the battery makes them
last longer
it gives them real life it makes them
maybe it extends the time that they are
usable it's unused batteries would not
use I've never heard of this in my
entire life
hocus-pocus
I'm gonna take them out it's not
recharging them no it makes shelf life
basically give the shelf life on the
battery all right what is the shelf life
on the battery
seven years as a seven year shelf life
so you're gonna keep those like fruits
for seven years maybe people in the
internet there if you've heard of this
actually you know what I'm gonna leave
it up to the internet internet find out
if this is a myth oh my god okay is
there a way we can send this myth let's
all spam the hell out of Mythbusters and
tell them to do the battery in the
refrigerator to keep the shelf life
longer I want to know down grace I'm
gonna be the negative skeptic and say I
don't think that there's a way to test
this because I mean they're scientists
so they would know but like seven years
like obviously you're not gonna wait
seven years be honest in the internet
comments do you do that to be honest we
won't make fun of you maybe just a
little bit
sup nibbler
wakey wakey wakey wakey
I always falling asleep - The Weather
Channel actually I take it back I just
looked on Twitter and apparently Adam
Savage has his own Twitter account let's
don't try this there's Twitter account
is don't try this so if you go at don't
try this at Charles Trippy ass does
keeping the batteries in the fridge
prolong their shelf life and maybe we
can actually get on Mythbusters or
something has been pretty sweet I love
that show
everyone's freaking lazy today okay so
Charles we're not running I probably
should have gone with him but instead I
made a hunch a lot of ha a giant
enchilada
right so how many people I ended up
doing the whole getting fit for the
bleep of it I guess it was like through
the month of September weather September
so we went through the entire month and
then I kind of just kind of I got lazy
again I got lazy I stopped running and I
started eating bad foods again so I'm
going I'm gonna start again
that's a hard core I guess not so
extreme because with a combination of
you know the weather the you know the
seasons changing and being stuck in the
office editing for like pretty much I
wake up at like 9:00 or 10:00 I'm
editing until like 2:00 or 3:00 p.m.
often and it just makes you feel kind of
like wow like lazy you know what I mean
so I need to I need to start getting
active again but the really good news is
the vampire skit that I've been working
on the one we shot out there with Krista
Jo SMP films and everything that should
be up this week before Halloween so get
excited for that I'm really really
really stuck for this videos I think
this is gonna be like my favorite video
that I've ever done who really hope
everyone likes it plus we got to get
these little fatties back in shape too
one thing I am pretty stoked on with the
whole changing of the seasons the winner
is I love winter while it's turning the
fall first right fall then winter falls
cool
I think winter is cooler literally no
pun intended
Ali don't be mad at me I love you you
are beautiful yeah yeah yeah shopping at
Publix gonna get some pancakes
you ain't got no pancake mix and what's
their name you know what I want I can't
say toaster strudel just wishing
everyone's bread I'm touching the very
end what does that do you know you look
crazy right
everyone's breads now smushed don't go
shopping at that
you called me a kid I want chocolate
milk efficient
yeah we're getting it then Florida
Gators
I can't hear you it's loud in here and
she's off watch the car there's gonna be
a dead on it's not ours
mmm Grinch balls you guys can't have any
of those Grinch balls neither can you
they're mine all my balls
you
