I'll see you guys on the other side
whoops I just threw those up stones
gonna be an homage mmm
it'll be kind of like transformers oh
yeah oh oh that's awful oh you thought I
was turning into a zombie didn't you you
thought I was gonna go to the dark side
of the zombie or the green side now I'm
gonna go to the twilight side well I
would tastes a lot better
nibbler nibbler
hush we're trying to vlog over here you
guys named him nibbler so it's nibbler
the vacuum and Ally's microwaving blood
I want to talk to Raj
knowing why yeah nice drink your blood
you won't grow up to be a strong vampire
if you don't drink your blood
man nibblers loud over there all right
it's now time to test the stubble beard
trimmer it's kind of it's kind of funny
it's like a late it's like for the man
who wants to look like he just doesn't
care the stubble beard trimmer there
doesn't look like I just don't care but
I care enough to shave is it yummy Ali
had an idea we're gonna put the Treat in
this little big giant gumballs like one
of those machine things you know the
court machine things where you put a
quarter in the machine things and then
you get like a toy I don't know I just
thought I'd keep going now oh wait
actually guys in missionary impossible
be a BF 11 who does Homer pray for help
Jebus Superman or the Blue Angels if you
could read upside down you can see the
answer but you guys don't know mmm guys
look at all these treats you ready ready
ready go get it little soccer player
over there all our European viewers are
probably pretty stoked right now there
are like
Oh
Oh summer no new yokai shay-shay getting
ready no oh that's almost a red card one
more and you're out of the game we're
mixing basketball bullets hopping Eddie
the touchdown
huh ball ready go that was a guitar me
oh so you want
let's Howie she can't eat all this gimme
like is it what here I actually didn't
think they up now
nibbler get it none has talked I'll have
board roar I didn't weird all right we
found another secret trail not really
secret it looks actually pretty worn
down but we haven't been down here so
well it's kind of cool-looking I got
tree apparently you're something freaky
that's definitely a Halloween tree
speaking of Halloween what are you guys
gonna dress up as I don't know what I
should dress up as maybe I should go as
I don't know Shane Dawson should I just
have a Shane Dawson what there's a fork
in the road
Oh which way do we go eating host
Michelle Obama which way do we go okay
instead of house things is a yard this
is like Hansel and Gretel there gonna be
a witch who somebody like put us in an
oven I hate it we always find something
weird whatever sick
what's up for this fighter I don't know
I could even like understand what I'm
saying myself let's all sniff it
everyone sniff it why is it it's all
carpet another one as if he found if one
to the kid
I and that creepy mustache day yeah we
found that carpet and we we can't really
talk about what we found until the
investigations over yeah it was it
wasn't a dead body I don't know what
that is
this is that creepy bridge that I saw
from the road months ago I don't think
you should go down there yummy
where's it be
whoa mr. bee don't sting me we're so
cool stop moving here we go
it sounds lovey if he stings when he
dies though right don't sting me I don't
want you to die whoa run killer bees you
look like your dog sledding dogs but in
the end grant and ha growl forget him
are my children of the corn
yeah except it's not corn it's just
weeds children of the weeds hey don't go
in the woods lead the way stay on the
trail
big girl yeah a little biking bridge no
okay
hello hairy caterpillar what if I was
gonna eat them well that might be
poisonous Marley Shh
you stole walnuts the only way to get
Marley to stop anything throw a walnuts
at her
that is the pecan farmers murder that's
up you can under the story huh oh the
house yeah there's a pecan tree I want
to open it take one home
hey you got stuff on your face look over
your shoulder
oh I'm from underneath their evil t1000
evil t1000 evil - at the end it turned
into like just a robot he will do
another scary Zoe really enjoyed that's
my arm we got a liquefying
look how dirty those feet are dirty feet
how much I love the outdoors all right
oh yeah want the sick again you're gonna
have fleas Oh Ellie is becoming one with
the rules no she's not very uh never
good at harmonizing there
Alisha's a temple it's a check they look
like Angelina Jolie that is uber uber
creepy
Wow
wax lips those are so stupid hey Mike
come here there we go
she's actually biting them was that good
wax lips - were like the stupidest
stupidest candy bars little like that's
not food she's Chuy's going like this go
a queen a queen apple that doesn't look
natural
Oh gross I would play so much oh nasty
not bad
the sour oh it's sour
to March you gotta swallow it that's
what she said wait that's what he said
mm-hmm all right so this is where that
football game was I guess it was last
week the Bobby Bowden field right let's
see it
Duke Campbell the stadium but the field
is called Bobby Bowden field look at
that I know something about I think it
up look it up I think I'm right so we're
here because Ali's going to do some
voiceover work or audio work for the
Firdos film she's doing her final thesis
video so the film school is actually
part of the stadium which is kind of
weird but kind of cool at the same time
they got the nicest nicest building
explain I enjoy the film soon the bigger
doing when you make a movie and you ever
face the sound with footsteps lie and
like dirt seein and rocks but you can
add whatever you want so like you just
walk on it and they record it or
something yet make your friends here
yeah we need a demonstration
that's a weirdo they actually do
something different like I wouldn't have
thought of that I wouldn't have thought
that like sand in there but this one
okay I'm gonna record some voice he just
stops did you say like this hello
she's a controlling all of this I don't
know what's going on I'm try not fall
yes oh yeah I'm nervous and so it's the
girls calling someone on this it's just
like your mom on the phone okay um and
so it's gonna ring a few times and
you'll be here don't stay in here while
nauseous buddy
good luck your care of Charles Daisy oh
okay anyway I was special I was what if
I fart
and there will be a bar is it I'll ruin
your movie which I can be like hello who
is this yeah so God's giving us the tour
hello thirty five-millimeter for oh
that's clever duck done time yeah where
they murder everyone it's not so cool
though like all the walls are this it's
full so this is a small one killer is
bigger but are you covering your face it
was like ways or voices this gasps
what's going on
yeah all right guys where you go it's a
catwalk it's pretty sweet
these are actually some of the movies
some graduates have worked on it's
Twilight somebody does it sound exam
vegan who graduated in 99 it sounds
anyway it's pretty cool she's leave us
again
oh hello monster no joke no no dice
really love it everyone needs to donate
to FSU yes oh wait got it sweet oh my
god I know like yeah a little bit
thought we're gonna be locked in there
that's a that was fun
flip dive sir oh my god hopefully he can
get out guys want to see something
really funny why why are you doing that
with your chips Ally meeting the vicious
have an even amount of chips for the
amount of bites she has for a sandwich
so if I was eat this chip right now
because all these nuts eat the chips
from smallest to biggest I have to make
sense
Ali has a problem she is a chip problem
you
once a day
you
it must be here
you
