so I just did something that I thought
was nearly impossible last night or
actually this morning
I fell asleep standing up yes I fell
asleep
standing up I feel so Haggard today
last night I was up until 7:00 in the
morning I had to do the opening mail
vlog and to edit that export it the
problem was exporting even on a Mac Pro
is that it takes about two hours I'm
exporting those vlogs because they're
like what is it 15 minutes long each so
I'm currently going to the post office
to make sure the final bits of the
merger taken care of and I am exhausted
I don't know how I fell asleep standing
up I was doing something and I just
leaned against the corner and fell
asleep when I was woke up I was I was in
a corner don't remember how I see I
thought that was always impossible I
never believed my mom because she said
when I was little she found me in a
corner sleeping standing up and I was
thought alike this myth but no mom
you're right it's possible I find the
strangest place I've ever woken up from
can you guys beat that what is the
strangest place that you've ever woken
up from authorized still to come through
here I don't know I got all red Nicki oh
my god that would make good vlog
material right I broke down on Sunday
I'm so stupid I can't believe I forgot
the book gasp I'm sorry okay so has it
ever happened to you that you've been in
a situation where you kind of come
face-to-face with someone who's on like
a Bluetooth headset but you can't see it
because it's on the other side of their
face and they start talking and they're
looking right at you just like a passing
glance but they look at you when they
say like hey how's it going and you
think they're talking to you it's like
on the same level as when someone waves
and it totally looks like they're waving
at you but it's someone behind you when
you wave and your cowlick
okay that bus just pulled over not at a
stop the bus driver got up and started
screaming at a lady on the back of the
bus I have no idea what just happened
my poor camera keeps beeping and giving
me lens errors every time I turn it off
so hopefully you can see me am I in
focus can see me god I think it's so
beautiful
alright so if you didn't watch
yesterday's mail vlog I wanted to show
you guys what Marly and Zoey got for
Halloween it's so funny this is what
Marly looks in it hey Marley show off
the turtle suit let's see if Zoey like
some teenage mutant ninja Zoe Teenage
Mutant ninja's oh I don't know guys
which looks better in the turtle suit
Marley or Zoe I think this might be
Zoe's costume this year
good morning robot all right so what are
the three names we narrowed it down to
damn it we're naming it up to Sam the
goat cuz he eats everything
professor cleans worth so we have three
choices I'm gonna let you guys decide
professor cleans worth nibbler or Sam
you know what's funny he's like after
all these years Bluetooth technology
still messes with me every time I walk
behind some people I think it's crazy
and talking to themself turns out
they're talking to somebody else on the
phone you know I don't know what it is
Bluetooth just got a bad rap it's just
everything associated with Bluetooth
equals douchey if they were noticed that
Bluetooth equals douche can you tell I
hate the Bluetooth just a little bit man
I'm grumpy I need to get some sleep
whoa check out the moon see it now so my
internal clock is completely messed up
this is what happened I exported and
uploaded both the videos from yesterday
the male vlog in the vlog and then we
did a secret iPhone video of Zoey and
Marla and a turtle suit so if you aren't
on our iPhone channel you should go
check that out eight seconds the best
eight seconds of your life
and then I fell asleep and this is how I
woke up I fell asleep and I heard
banging against the father I guess the
floorboards that floorboards the foot of
the bed it was like it was like this it
was like I just kept hearing this and
apparently was the robot the robot was
trying to clean and apparently I was in
its way our robots turning into a little
prissy little robot I also just talked
to Charlie puth for a little bit he's
doing the drum track for that we are
scientists after hours cover that Ali
and I are gonna do so if you don't know
charlie puth is yes shit he's the one
who did the original all our original
theme songs but yeah links in the sub
bar you gotta check him out as a
talented mofo yeah mofo trick - right
here I like seeing her like hop and
prance ready okay
she always she prances up so you saw the
other dog I think I'm going crazy
because it's like freezing right here
and it's warmer over there I think
there's a ghost over here it's
definitely colder
there's the creepy house right there
right and actually now there are no
trespassing signs posted oh there are
really so we can't go there now
hey want this yeah jeez that was almost
a collision this is the coldest part of
the entire place do you guys believe in
ghosts I don't really believe in ghosts
who's gonna win the battle Marly one I
kind of wish there were such thing as a
ghost because then the Ghostbusters
would be real and then my childhood it
would be validated like ghosts look
what's working again Zoey that don't eat
it not spaghetti is it like a centipede
a millipede a peed
look at its feet that's so crazy alright
leave him alone look how we always seem
to find random animals or insects during
our vlogs and random beer cases on the
side of the road that's safe so we were
driving around trying to find what we're
gonna do for dinner and we just stumbled
upon this Greek Festival yeah Greek food
is amazing we can hear everything
I cannot describe the amazing smell that
I'm smelling right now
this
would this be a bad time to admit that
it okay so we randomly found a CTFxC er
my name is Jeff Josh Oh constantly I
love these guys he just he just taught
us how to like get bypassed all the
lines get like really cheap so we just
got insider trading
what a make a doll know what she's doing
that's so hot
I get some trinkets I think that was
like Indiana Jones wasn't it where
they're swinging that thing back in jump
back and forth some trinkets that plug
in waiting for your food
of water I can see the food I can see it
he's getting her drunk on you read its
church drinking
that's alright just half these people
are always did it so
watching the drunk Cougars
I'm thinking back alleys drugging up a
dance
life lesson number 623 no life less than
623 if you're a young man and you want
to pick up on a drunk what'd you call it
cougar come to a Greek Festival there
seems to be a lot of them don't you
think it's time to pop the booby
balloons because you know a little
awkward to have these just like floating
around in our apartment we're trying to
get everything cleaned up it's the
anticipation of popping balloon I just
can't do it
Marley you want a treat
miss you totally there you go so Zoey
just ate all three of them better put on
the table
neurotic dogs now Marley is still
recovering is Jeff Goldblum's birthday I
think was yesterday or today or
something Jeff Goldblum Colby who Jeff
Goldblum look at its feet move that's so
cool
is that poop on the end that is
mesmerising man you got some single
berries got your hair did
you
you
you
