mail vlog excellent party down oh I'll
stop that now Oh Andy Richter all right
so it is Friday and we're gonna do
another mail vlog we have a bunch of
stuff to open today again I want to say
to you guys please do not spend a dime
on us I love artwork for example look at
this um fan art fanart right here we
have families in the shower right now I
can't show it to you we even have it
over our bed so if you guys want to just
send this art it's great because I feel
so bad when people send something like
it obviously cost the money to be
completely honest if if people keep
sending stuff that you know appears that
they spent money on I feel that we have
to stop doing the male vlogs because I
almost let me ask you guys this because
I almost feel like it's it's kind of it
loses its charm when people just
spending money to get in the vlogs if
you ask you art and things like that or
send letters and things like that it's
great i love it it's so awesome to read
I mean cuz like honestly this is this is
for us to share with you guys because
it's like our one-on-one time cuz I mean
this stuff comes from row all around the
world I think one of these boxes is
actually from Israel um so it's you guys
are everywhere everywhere everywhere
alright this is from hey-zeus a from
Texas dog treats it's always the same
ones you guys love these ones to cross
eyed Zoe okay who wants this what's this
you want it like oh that's good I like
it thank you blood you want some blood
mark of course you do oh don't worry Zoe
you get zombie blood this is Ali's
favorite drink ever ever played the game
where you try to get the Marvel out of
the top without breaking the glass it
will do that in tomorrow's vlog I know
the secret actually so I don't think Ali
does don't worry Marley has just got one
for you too hey Zeus was actually asking
if we were gonna do these hoodies again
this winter and i'm still debating but
if you guys really really want them do
you want them in the blue do you want
exactly like this let me know in the
comments and we'll do I think we're
gonna actually do it I just don't know
which color or if we should actually you
know change the design or anything like
that Oh Zoe you like that all right
who's this from Zoe simo L from Canada
canadia what is it a robotic hand that
copter hat oh my god all right Ali's
taking a shower was scared all right
record this I don't know how to make it
go no I think it's just like this ready
ready wait how does that make you go how
does it go oh my god no way that's
awesome cool so cool ready go Oh God oh
yes ah casualty bleeding eyes from Jenny
this is our YouTube channel oh you check
this out all right ready Zoe look at
this I gotta use my foot to know it's
only me right now that is crazy this is
what I'm talking about this is so
amazing oh my god isn't that so cool
that is incredible some colored pencil I
think so oh my god we gotta frame that
all right this is from pada pada L from
New York I am a little bit scared you
want to try the Zoe correction it's
paola I suck at pronouncing names Olivia
from New York descent Marley her
favorite toy ever she woke up my
favorite really I love it for Zoey watch
out for the eyeballs yep you just killed
that rabbit oh this is from John Jay the
next Jackson Pollock materials to school
thing that's it I know you gotta think
about like what kind of data went
through these processors these guys
look at Zoe oh it's a sad turtle I can't
let Zoey destroy it a CTFxC pillow give
it jump jump chop chop chop chop chop
chop jab chop jab chop jab chop jab chop
this is the marquee look at that marley
Zoe allagas the turtle I get the pillow
and then we get the hexes the fight to
the death this is like Mario isn't it
like Donkey Kong didja didja didja didja
didja didja tentative there must be food
around yeah shouldn't care wait dinner
that way to the death it's 220 you does
good shot it's battle oh my god Charles
I don't know how to use oh there's blood
on the camera oh my god I don't know
alakazoo this isn't this isn't ketchup
this is real blood this time okay so
Charles is out for the next couple since
he sliced his finger okay this is from
the edge of a boo-boo this is from
Danielle M from Wisconsin oh it's a
little marshmallow man it's the Michelin
Man a real vampire I sehgal my boo boo
but I just said boo boo boo boo on the
Internet I used to be an expert that's
ready that's gonna break off and slather
in the face what y'all have to do it
that bad I didn't get one no barely did
it that bad I know she's such a turd
didn't she yeah you don't mess up daddy
no one it's from no one from Canada hey
thank you no one from Canada oh wait
there's a letter Charles now I thought
it'd be cool to send you guys some
Canadian candy greetings from Ontario
from Captain Awesome it stay no way okay
Zonday it's a boat it's a boat letter
how tiny and perfect oh my god that's
like the perfect so know why it's an
anonymous person from Hawaii that's
crazy handwriting this is the second box
at the third box this is the first box
is the second box this is a third box
it's from Skylar hell you rapscallion is
it another box no so haha I thought it
was before boxes you know why you get an
F Marley yeah that's why she failed
doggie obedience training jerk are you
seriously trying to eat an F still what
do you think it spells internet sooo
cute a book food lettuce alright this is
from raha k ah look at those cuticles
they're atrocious there she is she's
from Germany all the way from Germany
wow that's I like the photo of choice I
know a lot of people use that one what
photo is this from I don't remember for
the fight the night before we got
engaged in Spanish pink Oh minute are
you that's really good I don't
understand how people can do that thank
you so I tried already savage just
kidding I this from the Conroy's oh oh
my god ma you're joking oh my god you
card ok why balance fail it was stupid
color the whole time everyone looks like
a smurf but look at this it's
embarrassing for you holy hell me oh my
god are you gonna for the bus how'd it
how's the bun thing work i don't think
that i think there's about things oh my
god oh my god oh my god
I got you are way too excited I busy
Carol roll over roll over oh my god she
got stuck what narashino never seen a
turtle jump roll over stop down so cute
other way rolling off in backwards she
got out how'd you go she's a spaz all
right this is from kc like turtle get
other way it's a roll up keyboard that's
like this is crazy as that hologram once
the keys feel amazing does it really oh
wow they feel so cool feel like really
want to just type for hours oh yeah take
four hours Marley's new costume she's
gonna wear it all the time all right
check this out this from miles V
handmade okay this is the best way to go
out this from Taylor be from Oklahoma
this is Zoe Disneyfied and this is mark
it's such a good representation of
Marley look at this it's dizzy Marlene
Zoe this is such a perfect example of
Marley's oh my god it's so amazing this
is what you guys would look like if you
were in the Disney Channel alright guys
so that is the end of the mail vlog
that's an unwrapped just an unwrapped I
write that oh yeah I'm still bleeding um
so yeah if you are watching this before
the vlog you can click at the end and
you'll go back to the vlog and we have
to do a skit with Marley with the turtle
soup that is unbelievable oh I feel like
we should be feeding Marley a little bit
more goodnight
you
