hey guys so I was just editing and I was
like what is that noise and I teach my
head out the door look the room blocks
back okay I guess Ali said it to
automatically start at a 2 p.m.
hey a named robot still good job I'm
gonna shut the store so you don't come
in here is it that good a good job I
appeal of this thing man robots are
gonna destroy us all
proof we're one step closer to Skynet
that little guy right there it's going
home going home I can't believe this
doing this is unbelievable I cannot
believe it just did that
yeah and it's charging now Wow clean the
whole house dog bucks
c'mere pills make sure those worms out
of your butt yeah you and your heart
heartworm pills for some reason are the
only medicine these guys go crazy for
liver mmm because oh he's eyes I know I
do this a lot guys we'll just watch your
eyes no no don't act like a dinosaur
watch your eyes go cross-eyed go
cross-eyed all right stay stay
cross-eyed your eyes are so black I
don't think you can do it ready no no
don't eat my finger please now you can
tell okay was you're gonna do a
roundhouse kick you're gonna breakdance
that's what you're gonna do we got this
nice clean floor already breakdance
breakdance breakdance hmm now you say
for another month it was like way worse
you want to see how sweet my future
my fizz I opened the fridge for the
first time today and look what I saw
waiting for me well unless this is for
her
well it's gonna be mine now that's what
you wrote when she saw I posted the
coffee on Twitter love it's like the
best time of years like just when
everything's starting to cool down you
know it's not hot especially in Florida
but the best part I'm telling you the
best part about winter is fireplaces
like the smells like wood burning like
fireplaces that and Christmas trees
hands down are the two best smells ever
I'm putting it out there don't even
fight it just agree just thumb it up you
know it's true such a GU knit it's all
right I'm getting my gangster on I'm on
a mission to get fish dude yep had to go
out and get fish too random all right
the world's largest french fry all right
no we sell forget it see your face
that is a big french fry my nose
Pinocchio in all seriousness what do you
call this what's funny hot the largest
french fry I just say a large fry what
do you call it a french fry right why is
that so long like the smallest okay
here's a smallest one compared to the
smallest one in the batch just called us
out because apparently they were in the
back appreciating the long fry - it's a
long fry I think I'm gonna put this on
eBay hey no fighting whoa that's a side
the internet has never seen from you
guys hey it's our pillow bitch okay
hi barley dinickel Pete let's go look at
this mess
I don't think the robot can clean after
this all right guys so I wanted to talk
to you this week October 13th 2005 I
created my very first youtube account
but yeah when a good friend of mine
actually made his account on YouTube he
posted on MySpace a video that he he
posted I was like wait how is he hosting
this cuz back in the day I used to host
my own videos on my own website and you
say like eat up bandwidth and like how
is he posting this for free so I clicked
on a thing I thought I saw this thing
called YouTube and I was like what is
this so I made an account and I started
posting videos there I'm gonna show you
guys when I made this I could show you
the account name kind of CVM one could
find it but check that out apparently
I'm 62 years old October 13 2005 and I
have 28 subscribers back in the day
that's so awesome oh five years that's
crazy when I first made my account
there was no channel like the no YouTube
channel was just you upload a video and
that was it and then that was your login
name second I saw that there was a
channel and stuff like that that's when
I switched to the Charles Trippy cam I
think was at what is May 2006 like that
was my thinking face so yeah let me know
when you guys joined YouTube because I
got five years five years have been on
this website what a ride
this is like the best website I've ever
been on ever I mean you think about it
like you had the tens of thousands of
people that are like partners obviously
that has changed their life for the
better but like think about the people
that aren't partners that they're video
just virals or the way you actually
watched your television or you get your
information your news things like that
that's like unbelievable and it's only
taken five years probably last three
years is when it like really blew up I
don't know I was just talking to mr.
safety because he started about the same
time I did we both started pretty much
at the exact same time
and we were just talking about how
amazing this website has been that means
obviously changed my life I would not
have known you guys you right there
watching this probably I don't know
drinking some water a mountain Dew I
don't know
high five from the screen quick did you
do it you did CTFxC always does I hope
it lasts forever I would love to be able
to like you know what the thing is I
would love to be able to pass my channel
down to my kids just think about that
think about it it sounds kind of
ridiculous but think about that for five
seconds like YouTube could potentially
be around for that long to where you
could like Gachet Carl he could
potentially pass it down to son tard
or princess card or baby chart or rock
turn what are the tardes you know what I
mean like you you might be able to have
control of your channel that long a
website might be around that long
oh your mind just exploded in it alright
so enough heart to heart I'm gonna start
opening some packages so at the end of
this video you can watch the mail vlog
and I will see you guys at the mail vlog
otherwise I will see you guys tomorrow
or girls guys and girls when I sex us
over here okay guys so since today's
video was so short I just wanted to
treat you to an awesome male vlog or a
female vlog because you know we're not
sexist here we got some crazy awesome
paintings and drawings this time and
Molly's a little bit embarrassed on her
new costume but she kind of likes it so
click here to check it out and we'll see
you over there otherwise we will see you
tomorrow good night guys
you
