good news I think Cynthia vexy just beat
the usps
let me explain we're talking to one of
the postmaster ok first off postmasters
when you when you hear that like that
phrase don't you think of something in
some sort of cape like some sort of like
the male superhero moving on was talking
to one of those postmasters and they
said instead of bringing it an end and
having to wait what i can do is they can
bring it in drop it off in the back and
come back a few hours later so rest
assured your shirts are in the mail see
we're authorized now yeah we're moving
up in the world holy crap so I got the
walk behind the the authorized doors and
things like that the the sorting area
for the mail that is insane thought it
was like oh like machines there people
have you restored mail manually I wish I
wanted to record it but I think I would
have gotten in trouble if I ever go back
i'll try to do it that was so cool and
the good news is that the packages
they're gonna ship them out and we will
be done with the pre-orders so i've been
giving a lot of emails this has been
getting colder out if we're gonna do
hoodies again this year and they'll be
completely honest after this post office
Fiasco I don't know if I'm gonna have
the patience to deal with them again I
don't know so if you're wanting us to do
the hoodies again this this winter let
us know in the comments I'll talk to Ali
then we'll try to make some sort of deal
with the post office ahead of time and
then that way they have no reason to
bitch hello good morning but at fun in
school and that's why you should stay in
school kids alright so a couple days ago
this condo he wants it this company
called neato robotics today they saw our
to help Messi the living room raised and
dogs and stuff it off the tee shirt our
fault they had these things called
robotic vacuums so it's a little robot
we get a city or simple martinis and let
everything just like the robot do the
work yeah I don't like martinis videos
read the instructions no it's a row but
user guide real men don't read
instructions way it has likes and
dislikes is this thing gonna kill us in
our sleep all right robot me charging
station this is like the from the future
and now we wait we're waiting for this
to turn green and then we're gonna
unleash the beast I wonder if it's like
vendor we can see the beer don't kill
the robot okay what are you doing their
Nations Allie's doing homework last
minute as usual
let's watch a very bad internet
transcript well there's a translation
right there
good music right fine I don't nobody is
gonna study music
funny little side story I used to fall
asleep no joke I used to fall asleep
listening to Slayer yeah try to do that
it's definitely an accomplishment
bye again school take to the old is your
shoe this time hello fire ants you
didn't get me today oh wow oh no it's an
avalanche Oh are they digging out or
what are they doing I think they're
pissed off I should leave little poo
dance what's done why do you do that
dude that's Sophia that's from Spain hey
do you believe do you believe Maddie
deeply I'm dress yeah fuck it was cocky
that's me that's you too mmhmm yeah look
that's my reign see look look at that on
their toys family's gone hey that's me
Castle you're taking over this book
really really good she wants to go to
the park all right let's go show you and
care i just want to go look lik some
dirt and sniff some buds that's right
all right it's time the truck okay we
need to nail I want to let you guys name
the robot okay i want you guys whatever
you want to name the robot look is
always ready for it every you guys think
would be the best name for a robot
vacuum cleaner tell me in the comments
and we'll let you guys name him till
he's your foot he's a part of the family
yet
oh my god
I have no idea how do it no okay
going around that's crazy
it's gonna go after Marley let's do
robot cam
robot cam
you robot
all right you have to admit this is
pretty cool it's neato oh I think it
really likes Marley hey the robot just
vacuumed their respect the robot nology
like this just blows my mind like it's
okay it's a vacuum no I don't get it
like it's a vacuum you guys are like oh
it's a vacuum you know you got see stuff
like this just blows my mind I have no
idea how it knows how to do this so what
the first bit of technology that I
thought was kind of cool when I was
younger was the coffee pot that you can
set little bit alarm so it would
automatically start brewing your coffee
but now we have vacuum I'm gonna go
running and I'm gonna let it do its job
I guess do we feed it we have to feed it
probably not how'd you guys get over
there Zoey oh oh you lock the robot out
but you lock the dogs in come on oh my
god out alright so the vacuum is doing
its thing scaring the dogs basically
actually you know the dogs aren't scared
of it i was actually i think it's
because we ran them on the vacuum but
we're gonna go meet up with Ali's friend
Christine it's our 20th yeah yeah be
right there it's Christine's 21
twentieth twenty 20th birthday as you
cut all that out but I'm not going to
because it's authentic vlogging material
napkins gonna blow up willow trees are
so sad they're so awesome looks like the
matrix doesn't hit I shall name you
Jiminy Cricket oh hey jiminy see you
later hi Zoe how did the vacuuming how
the vacuuming go while we're gone did
you try to eat them quick where's mr.
robot who is now still unnamed hey
parked himself pretty good we really got
to come up with a name you guys come on
CTFxC may maru but that's her obit raise
you a live show began radial pulse Ozoe
cool cool I got woman way over there Oh
Marty cool Marley that was like Grandma
Miley likes grandma Marley wait let me
see those those are like a frickin
that's like a weapon you could use it as
a weapon alright so yesterday I was
telling you guys we were gonna try to do
a live show around 1030pm it's currently
1032 and I can't log on to blog TV
apparently the CTFxC of is so hardcore
you guys are literally killing a giant
website you're taking down their entire
server so Ali's decorating as this this
is Monty's ur sui and Ali's decorating
for this show and I'm trying desperately
to get on my own live shows alright so
we're gonna try to do it do it flow live
with sama on YouTube you can't see him
oh my co-host fell out oh there we go I
got old school
love
