feel like something's in my backseat
with this song what was that so do you
guys remember this song it was in the
parking garage when we were going to
halloween horror nights I guess it gets
a couple weeks ago I'll he was reading
the comments and she spent an hour and a
half trying to figure out what band it
was cuz Shazam wasn't working with it
it's called the Phoenix the band's
called the Phoenix and it's called love
like a sunset I hope that helps you guys
and it does a rack your brains cuz you
know like when you're trying to think of
a song when you hear a part of a song
and you know the band you know this how
you know the lyrics but you don't know
the name of it so Ali wanted to help you
and it's called the Phoenix love like a
sunset I totally want to use this for my
halloween video they're too big they're
big band I don't think I'll get the
permission for it pardon me sir do you
have the Grey Poupon I think you guys
might be a little bit young for that
reference if you a if you got that
reference type the word banana boat in
the comments you gotta show you this
stuff wait actually I probably should
explain this a little bit more basically
today if you're watching this when the
vlog actually goes up october twenty
2010 we're gonna be hosting a live
viewing party for the TV season two
premiere of blue mountain state on spike
TV starts at eleven PM eastern so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna host a
live show on my blog TV right here
starting around about 10-1030 p.m.
eastern and they said they sent all
these like little props that we can play
with i guess i say that i'll show you
that um what else is on here that's so
creepy well it's paper girlfriend make
sure you're watching the show as you're
watching the live show because we're
gonna be asking you questions on the
commercial breaks and we're gonna give
away prizes and the grand prize I
believe this $2,000 grow a girlfriend I
mean that obviously means it's gonna be
fun what is this oh my gosh I don't know
if I can show you that this is a boa
anyway so yeah we haven't done a live
show in so long I thought this would be
you know a really fun way to do it and
who doesn't like free prizes so
basically make sure you're watching us
around 1030pm eastern on my blog TV and
make sure to watch the season 2
mirror of Blue Mountain State at 11pm on
spike TV at the same time then make sure
you're paying attention so you can win
some prizes so I will see you later this
evening if you missed it should have
watched the vlogs when they go up not
very punctual are you bore shame we'll
have another one don't worry okay so Ali
sleeping so I just checked on her she
came back from classes she has classes
from I think like eight to five PM up so
she's basically always on campus and out
at that if he kind of fun duh cuz scare
you guys are saying like why did you
scare Holly too much no no she throws
bugs on me that's worse I just blow up
creepy bloke I'm gonna try to do the
prank first prank thing and put it in
the bed next door and try to scare at
the Emily's you'll fall for it but it's
gonna be creepy enough Franco's
inflatable doll five feet tall always
ready and willing
it's really creepy all right that's
effing creepies like mcdonough boobs all
right let's go scare i visited the dog
she's gonna freak out though you ruined
it again Zoe Zoe always ruins pranks she
hits nervous and then she starts licking
people she's sitting on your face though
you ruined the prank again yo this is
for the viewing party tomorrow it
doesn't it look like that movie that was
a sugar and spice with the cheerleaders
bank through a bank robberies he was
gonna put it next to you like this and
the cover it up and do what Jesse from
prank versus prank did with his
girlfriend oh sorry always ruins pranks
she's always republic where we go what
if she'll like this one look at doing
those shaking its first Martin don't
shake you guys are shaking well you
don't like Daddy with big giant boobs so
this is what girls look like it look at
all the time that your alarm did you
guys ever play this it was an old like
Jurassic Park game for the pc came out
in 98 one half-life came out and
basically the check your health status
you would go like this you look down and
it would be like a little health status
thing right there do you ever play that
game it's like oh no I'm about to die I
gotta look at my health it's just like
oh no I'm getting tired I gotta see if
my health is depleting let me check my
status nope we're still good no I think
I may have thrown it away was that the
head and this is it no this is this is
half-life version 1 point 0 like this is
the first disc so every time I install
it i have to like install like I don't
know like 20 gigs
of updated files yeah I think I threw
away that game was that bad but if you
ended up playing that a Jurassic Park
let me know don't worry guys these
aren't actually the prizes we're giving
away their much better than this this is
just for the descent the decoration of
the live show what else is in here York
oh man I'm so wasted I have beer goggles
Oh had too much to drink wait oh wait
you know what let's give the internet
beer goggles oh man yes literally very
go yeah you guys got beer goggles look
at that oh no you're so wasted okay
sorry I can look at that in story nope
dinosaur yeah okay Marley Chuck Norris
time ready run house kick BAM you guys
are getting good alright this is a
question two girls out there look at
Ali's bag it is the size of how many
ally heads prob about 17 so you expect
probably a lot of things in here but
look at this look at this there's like
four items so I don't get it like is
that some sort of like fashion thing
with girls that they have these giant
bags just put like four things in girls
and their bags there's a girls and bags
and girls of shoes I don't get it no way
just shave your own back here you're
kidding I don't need that that was a
massager and it's like the man groomer I
don't have a hairy back though that's
good idea yeah I don't know what does
the internet think should i go clean
shaven or keep the five o'clock shadow
the perfect stubble it well you just
like the packaging i guarantee that's
why you like it isn't it would shiny i
want that I'm not kidding that's how
alibis things all the time if it's shiny
she'll buy it this is definitely not the
man section it's like so funny the
package difference it's like oh look at
fluffy frou-frou it's so pretty nads
you're stealing lotion
it's a tough for honor oh it does okay
I'll do that how this is like you know
what I want to pay for perfume and
lotion I'll just come here every day so
what do you think she's thinking about
right now caption that what do you think
she's thinking alright caption girl
number two what do you think she's
thinking I think she's saying it wasn't
me says party like crazy echo Mike how
are you like crazy watch this hold it
out I always do that like like all right
here from journey here some journey just
smoked tail go
my big red ball this Charles being a
businessman over there I literally
almost just ruin the only good camera we
have love but Charles caught it cuz he's
a ninja life lesson number 526 never
wear a red t-shirt into target unless
you work there I guess you can if you
know a lot about target and can answer
the questions that was made the mistake
of handing over the camera he makes the
sake of giving me the camera we get in
the car this is what happens doors
locked shaken by it shake a little buddy
don't right now in the glass booty
shakin gonna hate this rule alright it's
time to get a replacement camera is
either the flip or the cannon which one
what do you guys think is better to flip
for the cannon what do you think need to
cannon I think I'm gonna let you guys
decide since you guys are watching it
all the time here's a kick they use of
flips the flip flipadelphia yep yeah
move the dial theater I don't know so
let me know in the comments if you like
the cannon the one we're shooting on
right now or you like the old-school
flips and then I'll just get what you
guys want this you're the ones that have
to watch the videos
does anyone know that song
other guys harmonizing with you
and I'm a third base line
that your piano face
alright ready Charles
look at this assholes parking job I mean
I'm serious what asshole would park like
that should go any fuck like an asshole
what Ali's always making fun of other
people's markings and she's dead bad
people's parking shut up haha alright
check the side of guys it's magic what
does it mean it's a double rainbow you
got your giant turtle told you guys she
likes it and then marley's over there
squeaking I heard that what are you
doing what do you do hey get my okay
where's your turtle get it just
distracted so I don't really want it
they've been going through all the toys
what are you doing
my mother can hardly wait
we'll see
here too
you
