Oh fat man so I've been stuck in the
house for the past four hours editing
I'm trying to get the halloween video
all uploaded and it's coming out pretty
awesome it looks really really really
really good so hopefully I'll have that
out just before Halloween but I'm having
so much problems okay we filmed this in
California and as a lot of you may or
may not know California has a lot of
roads a lot of busy roads in a lot of
cars so I have all this like car noise
in the background I'm and trying to get
rid of but unfortunately soundtrack Pro
keeps crashing on me so I'm about to
take a hammer to my computer but then i
have to finish setting out all these
shirts so that'll be fun would you get a
new costume we're gonna do shoot we
shooting this new video with Marley so
we're gonna shoot this video with Marley
is a frog you're sick of fighting with
better it's gonna be such a good video
oh look it's you Martha frog come on hop
over here hop over yeah so we're gonna
shoot this video next couple days go
bail out in the Charles trip you know
good watch this later mr. Twitter look
no seats look cave at it oh my bad guys
stepped in like didn't know there was a
hole like so he can't be that the
doubles sure I'm gonna give it to Marley
Marley come here Marley look nobody look
Oh fine so we were exploring a new part
of Tallahassee we haven't seen actually
we're just chasing the dogs to keep
disappearing and finding new areas
there's a trail so it's that's probably
a good thing so here I got you something
Oh screw you too
hey nobody wants our flowers fine nobody
wants with flowers aim is Boche
bumblebee didn't want me there I give
you another chance you want it fine good
look oh you got a little bit of those
sticky stuff on you though he's like get
him off get him off get him off get him
off get him off get off oh my gosh look
at your leg what oh wait all right hmm
hello hold on I gotta get in there
there's all the termites Oh in there huh
termite whoa he will destroy your house
I put them back yesterday a couple you
guys got kind of grossed out that I was
talking about who and vomit from the
Jackass movies so I figured a way to
make vomit enjoyable and I'm gonna I'm
gonna show you my my creation flower
vomit please don't sting me be please
don't sting me oh wow this well hold
perfectly still you won't see me it's
kind of a bear there you go that's
problematic
frickin be poker look at it's a baby
bumble bee he's so tiny sure okay that
was sick nasty nobody could get bad
about vomiting blood now you made it
gross you made it gross somehow that was
actually funny I think I get a baby
bumble bee you guys like puke wait want
some puke what's a puke I know you like
puke let's see who has more of a
seahorse oh I win I totally where we
went on Zoey I was always pretty clean I
win what about you mini dog come here
that's the only way to get these off one
by one I just got four off at once these
are those dreadful things do they stick
the hair oh they stick to hear very well
I didn't I felt it you want to eat it oh
you're gonna eat this one but not oh you
don't want my flowers but you'll eat
that look at Marla she's just way out
there just staring like I'm just gonna
stay doesn't want to be associated I
panda trees you should come
Oh fucking nature Oh was she doing kids
OE ready fine gun gonna go get her oh it
different way back here whoa the little
things in life guys get appreciate the
little things even throwing pine cones
at your fiance and puking up flowers
it's a good day so you gonna go bathroom
ah last camera Oh
that's way too Jerry
get him Zoe get him bubbles bubbles and
look at marley over there she's like oh
my gosh we're being invaded you know
sorry the vlog has been short the last
couple days guys we just been basically
having a nice little assembly line well
we have this one hasn't been doing
anything she's been playing with this
turtle whichever one of you guys has
sent this turtle this is a wall aside
from the eyes the morbid morbid ripping
of the eyes but this has been our
favorite roast who've been sleeping with
it like constantly hopefully tomorrow
I'm gonna have a conversation with the
postmaster and this whole merge shipping
movie situate you like your turtle Zoe I
can't see anymore cuz you eat my eyes
I'm blind she really falling asleep okay
well hitting it with a turtle doesn't
wake her oh boy would you like some
cheese would that work
you see what you can do
come on
miss you
you walk
you
we're speaking
do you mommy
you
