damn it Zoe you make your child fell
asleep so much loop
you go find Marley I can't see your face
it's all white from the Sun right there
Oh beautiful
huh no so okay Ali apparently lost her
glasses remember when we had the water
the water fight she's been crying and
whining I don't I don't know where she
could have left it because I thought
they were on her head member she dropped
them is that it and I already looked
there's been a lazy boring day you know
like when you wake up and you can't
fully wake up like you're still groggy
all day how many times did I fall asleep
I fell asleep editing on the floor yummy
I literally fell asleep on the floor
like three times just passed out on the
floor I think I was like sleeping on the
dog bed at one point delegating whereas
though he can poop there's a baby I
don't know if you can see it
there's a baby black lab no it was a
chuckle lab it was a chocolate lab Ali
wants another dog no we have these two
guys in there somebody left the present
doc Poe when he was a young I was just
talking Ali because no I don't remember
oh yeah yeah but no the reason why I was
sort of singing is because notes the
YouTuber adults just got his daughter a
pig and they were trying to think of a
name oh my god that's a big spider we're
gonna we're gonna step back down here
they're trying to think of names and
they kept it recalling the pig MooMoo
brilliant MooMoo cuz he's the pig not a
cow what do you think null should name
is pig tell me in the comments and I'll
tell him
think of something awesome there's a
little chocolate lab right there have
you noticed that there's always been
worse like fights with dogs and the
smaller pan yeah we don't know anything
about a little tiny yappy dog that's
mean they have matching tails you have
like a little mini Jabba the Hutt in
your arms one of my favorite things to
do at the dog park is look at owners now
and I was just discussing this if you
look at the owner and then you look at
the dog have you ever noticed there's
some sort of correlation for example
there's that large guy right there
very nice individual and then he's got a
very large English Bulldog then we have
this right very pretty very pretty I
wonder who that is
what do I wonder who the prissy one is
awesome one but it's always so
appropriate it always fits actually you
know what I'll ask you guys is Marley
like me or like Ali like which one is
our dog personality like that's it wait
why you just like this one that has now
come we were going to go see jackass in
3d I wish we could do vlogs in three
days I've been pretty crazy this that
what told him like mess with your head
right now wouldn't it just got out of
jackass and I have to say I've always
wanted to see puke coming at my face in
3d without actually getting on me or
anything like that so it and and fecal
matter so I would definitely say two
thumbs up because I'm I'm I am such a
sucker for the Jackass series like you
know what it is it's kind of like
watching jackasses like watching YouTube
we were just discussing that you can
just watch like five hours of it and you
don't get bored
thumbs up what do you give it one thumb
up two thumbs up two fingers up that's
right I thought we were doing the
fingers is that ten fingers up I feel
that they're getting a little bit too
less stunts because they're all getting
older like how old are those guys Johnny
Knoxville's got to be about 40 years old
early forties probably late late 30s I
think she's in the car in my personal
opinion the first ones still my favorite
the third ones better than the second
one though
this one was just kind of an exactly
okay well yeah let me know what your
favorite jackass if you like the series
the television series or adult movies
better I'd say jackass one was their
best best piece of work alright I don't
actually feel hungry after watching that
now I think I lost my appetite
it's all too much it's too much poo and
puke
I definitely lost my appetite where what
go are you pranking me no I'm not
pranking you it's right there okay what
oh my god what is that
she bolted look at it she just threw
everything on the floor wait wait hold
on hold on don't do anything it won't
let him see what it looks slow look at
that spider oh that's disgusting we
remove this spider I don't know there's
another one you get scared for the snake
I wanna do the SOS
why
