I madre so we're its parents weekend at
Florida State and my mommy and my daddy
and my brother I share with me they're
not coming to class with me they're just
uh hanging out how do you like for
another yeah my mom actually went to
Florida State for like wholesome two
weeks I did it was a good morning in her
world vertigo piss off the post office
again as you can tell we packed another
few hundred t-shirts so i'm going to i'm
not gonna you know what ever since
yesterday i was the day before yesterday
when I actually called and gave him
advance notice and they said I couldn't
come in I'm not even a call him and give
him advance notice i'm just gonna show
do you think they're gonna turn me away
I don't think they can I don't think the
post office legally can turn you away
this is a government-owned if you know
the legality of them being able to not
serve you let me know in the comments
but i'm pretty sure that the post off
you can go whenever you know during
their open times and they have to serve
you right but we'll find out yes oh this
should be fun alright so i'm outside
this post office and i went in line
waited in line and i said i needed a
couple carts and the supervisor here I
don't want to stay her name for personal
privacy issues but the supervisor here
us that I would have to go in line every
20 packages every 20 so I have like a
few hundred so after every 20 go hack in
line so I just actually talked to the
postmaster and they're looking into it
they're not too happy that she's doing
this so it's gonna be kind of
interesting it's good up actually well a
little update I just talked to the
postmaster I guess of this region of
Florida again remember I this last time
and he said once I am doing is not
illegal and not against policy and what
she's doing is against policy so he's
gonna probably I'm just gonna do this
and see what happens just kind of
interesting actually it's good blog
material alright let's try this alright
so they won't serve us basically this
post office infuses the service and then
making us do this thing and as
everyone's getting really
stuff so Ali's gonna cope with 10
packages everything no do 20 they said
20 last time this is like a post office
for us attention post office you're
gonna lose your entire structure to like
ups and keep this up we're going through
hell to get you guys these shirts okay
so we have to do this literally one by
one because this particular post op is
the interval does it want to serve us
they apparently say that there's we
called I actually had a lady called and
asked what the limit was and they said
there was no limit and that was the
first part they said there is no maximum
but there's a maximum when you come in
with a maximum so if anyone knows any of
the higher-ups at the post office let me
know in the comments here's here's the
finest thing first and they said they
said once I came in is that every 20 i
would have to go out of line go back in
line so I thought this would be
hilarious for the next time so what I
thought would be really funny is if we
got maybe ten of our friends gave them
each 20 packages and wait in line behind
each other so that way fills up the
entire thing so I think we might do that
I think we're women is not recruiting
some people i think i do that this week
it might be interesting i was reading
the comments and you guys suggested that
i put the little camera on the car so
i'm gonna try that now what was that I
was like what's going on I'm gonna strap
this on she said oh well I don't know
what the friggin go I don't know what's
going on it moves go go faster yoho-o
all right so since that footage was
probably really crappy I'm gonna do this
I'm gonna put this camera will sacrifice
this camera and try to put it on here
hopefully see if I can all right where
should I put on the front that
good is it working
Oh where's the camera okay so what
you're seeing right now is the two lens
covers oh is it so so not working it's
filming but only a small sliver so Ali
sort of oh man be kind well I have a
casualty sort of that broken I don't
think that's broken i think it's just
jammed up there turn on oh oh if i can
get the footage off of there I'm just
gonna vlog like this we have like little
shutters we have like Kanye shutters
right now this is what it looks like to
look through the eyes of Kanye West so
this is what Martha looks like in kanye
glasses and Ali looks like in kanye
glasses well that's even worse than
before hey you working it's working
let's drop it back on okay all right I
got the good camera what's already
broken so strap it back on there
you
Oh now is it really is a Kanye see if
she can catch it make her catch it there
we go there we go oh hey go Zoe oh
you've gotten worse dog and Marley's in
the car again I think it's too heavy I
don't think she likes that one Oh who
she said he's a toss there we go hey
again all right be good I left Comedy
Central on this is some awesome
marketing right there boobs football and
beer
bye-bye so we have these I want you to
design how would you design your perfect
advertising sellout banner just have
boobs football computers maybe an ipod
it's the best it would be girls either
there would be a girl who's like arrest
in a strike bikini okay with a widow
whistle okay kind of muddy muddy muddy
referee girls with whistles okay and
then all the players would be at
matching bikinis or they would have like
footballs over there's gonna start
photoshopping this pronounced getting
too weird the keys like top and the
bottom would be grasped littles little
in yoga and it's selling auto insurance
the ad on the back is like Geico girls
you know like planetary she has the gun
is her leg they all are that yeah I've
got like all right so this is what I
want you guys to guard our question gets
too much in the way they shoot them with
a tranquilizer so there are girls passed
out all over the field I think we've
lost focus that they would be possible
okay so this is my question for today I
want you guys to tell me in the comments
I think what would be the perfect
shameless marketing gimmick oh like hot
girls with big boobs iphone footballs I
don't know tell me the combination and I
will find the best one or I'll try to
I'm sure there'll be a lot and uh huh
try to us take my favorite ones you know
what this is well do I'll take the one
that gets thumbs up the most and then
that one I will try to photoshop a
gimmick our head or something like that
so tell me your combination we already
know alice is pretty crazy all rights
this is parents weekend um Lauren did
you shop here they actually have we do
this in Tampa their drive through
alcohol establishments it doesn't make
any sense that you can drive through
yeah table is like wine this is a little
scary actually that just seems like a
bad idea doesn't it get some jager gotta
do some big shots so you gotta do here
in America
so you two
I can hardly wait
but you
watch me
why
you
with me
he into
