so Marley hit her little Bell so she
could do this she didn't have to pee she
just want to go lay out in the Sun I'm
gonna start calling you Snookie this is
my favorite noise ever
favorite noise ever right here old
school style there it is
see I wish the internet still did that
noise
snoring hi much better I'm still going
to hobbies I'm going to the hobby store
because I have to get one of these
yesterday the remote-control car was
dying really quickly I think it's just
the battery issue that's not charging so
I'm gonna go see they're gonna have it
and then hopefully Marla can change the
remote control car because she likes so
much you guys could see also really
really cool news you know the band lane
Meyer and the band humble beginnings
they're having a reunion show in
November and I just talked to the left
what there we go stupid GPS always sort
of get be lost so I just found out from
the bass player his name is Doyle of
late Mayer that they're gonna have this
reunion show in New Jersey so I'm
thinking about actually going because
lame IRA lady Meier and Hubbell
beginning show was actually the first
punk rock show I've ever gone to it it
was like sixth grade
six or seventh grade bass player
actually of humble beginnings is
actually the lead singer of Cobra
Starship so I'm assuming he'll be there
too so it'll be really cool to film to
be completely honest I'm really really
really afraid to go anywhere to the
Northeast with all those stupid bed bugs
everywhere I don't even know what
bedbugs are but I know they're
frightening I mean they have that saying
you know don't let the bedbugs bite
they probably bite our bed booked
something you can actually see you in
the Nick I or are they some sort of like
salic micro bug that bites you when
you're sleeping stupid
okay so you remember the day before I
left prank cows I met Onision yeah I
filmed the video with him with Sydney
and he just uploaded this channel so I
watched at a red light if you want to
laugh go check that video I'll put the
link in the sub bar but it's it's a lot
of yelling but I literally was laughing
so it came out really funny so if you
want to check it out go check it out oh
I couldn't get the camera out in time oh
you know those little stickers that you
put put on the back windows and I was
like you know I represent your family
guys like two older adults and you have
kids and babies and dogs and cats do you
know what I'm talking about so this
person had two two adults and then I'm
not kidding nine icons for cats so I
just saw a crazy cat lady driving it was
unbelievable alright I'm gonna show Ally
the Oh news team video already
flipping funny mean good look at her
back embracing like I she's trying to
slow down it's so funny she hauls ass
she's got the music got a hole no I'll
break it
everybody watch out a woman's driving
good job even hit me what are you hiding
for Zoey's is like nonchalantly runs
away get money
I think kicks up a lot of dirt it's a
dirt a thousand you think it's just dirt
the wind I would but you know I don't
want to show make you look bad or
anything get it come on wimp what are
you doing over there no no no oh that's
not that's a rock what are you doing up
there little goat whoa she got all the
way up there we just found it's gonna
collapse on you this imagine if you were
actually caught in a real avalanche look
at those feet whoa that was kind of cool
you're gonna fall you're ruining your
good pants
I know marthy that's mine look at you
you're all muddy we're just gonna leave
you here oh no no that was kind of
embarrassing
good exercise you really should see this
look how small Charles is from up here I
want to see you not fall look at my toes
oh they're orange no that's gonna make
that whole thing collapse on you what in
what world do you ever pull from below
where you are leave Ali come on let's go
come on guys please don't get me wet
barley don't run away please
you got a white t-shirt on of you hi
come on wasting water you gonna turn it
back on no no the car doors open the car
doors open put the Hoos down looking way
nobody get mad at me cuz your head the
boss do you tell you can't be pissed
haha that's dirt okay right there right
there that was a very quick ID my cell
in the car she's like can we please go
home it's a good thing you had your
bathing suit under there huh I'm a jerk
she had a bathing suit on victory man
won I win
Zoey do you not eat anything you're
cheating oh man this camera is jacked
I feel this camera has gone through a
lot I think we just killed it with the
accidental water fight it's fun though
it does look like a poncho
maybe's anyone would say I do my father
the whole time always been an edge like
could we please Lee he so the guys that
prank house just sent me some video
clips stuffs and the goats so you guys
can see his new house cuz you guys
wanted to make sure he was at a nice
little farm so he can play and be a goat
I guess so I'm here's some clips of his
new but he's got a llama he's gonna pin
with a llama anyway so here's Sam's
farewell Zoey's they're gonna start all
over to play so I am attempting to
jailbreak my iPhone 4 I don't even know
why just why see what it looks like
cool icon I can't really think of a
reason why to jailbreak now I guess
FaceTime on 3G would be pretty cool
actually I wanted to know if you have an
iPhone or iPod iPod touch
did you guys jailbreak it I want to
actually see how many people are
actually still jailbreaking let me know
in the comments if you jailbreak that
let me know in the comments if you have
jailbroken your iPhone or if you just
leaving it like factory feel like a
rebel when I jailbreak it makes me feel
cooler you know I'm not the doggie
Devils back
I'm the doggie babble what are you doing
just staring at me
okay devil just adds up if you didn't
see my real-life version of Excitebike
make sure to check it out youtube.com
slash Charles Trippy I'm gonna be
posting a lot more videos on that
channel so make sure you're subscribed
if you want to be cool so just click
here and they'll take you right to the
video cuz it's magic
