innovation baby so this is what annoyed
me this morning I called the post office
to let him know that I would be coming
and delivering or having them deliver
about 400 packages and what I did they
said that I didn't want to have me do it
because they didn't want to take up a
clerk which I didn't understand
considering if I mailed a thousand
packages or if a thousand people came in
it's kind of the same thing it's revenue
and I don't want to be a jerk but I
think it is their jobs I don't know what
are you guys saying it's a post office a
total fail should I just go to UPS from
now on well a nice little update we are
going to the post office now so here's
the trick there's a trick that little
life lesson if you call an establishment
customer service establishment and you
don't get the answer that you think you
deserve or is the right answer
I'm just saying okay and hang up then
call back ten minutes later chances are
you probably had a different person with
a completely different answer the first
person I talked to was like no you gotta
come at 8:30 in two days and stuff like
that I was like okay my phone luckily
disconnected go AT&T so that I called
back ten minutes later and got a
different lady she's like come on down
say just call back later
maybe they saw all the tweets that you
guys were twittering tweeting the
tweeting or twittering but I'm Twitter
right Twitter but where did tweet come
from what does Twitter even mean you
want to twit something to twit me tweet
something tweet me - it came from like
what do you want to tweet about a
website but what's the word of Twitter
they just made it up I'm confused
did you ever hear the word Twitter
before Twitter oh you did birds
twittering
oh that's why it's a bird it's just like
the little keeping noises like just a
little piece of information it's like I
don't believe is a real word no Facebook
your life is a contraction of two words
that are real word I get that but what
about the same guy or finder see I never
heard that word either egg is an old
school girls now birds twittering in the
trees like okay we heard the word Winnie
yeah okay horse wind me Amy what's
caught let's make a Twitter type site
they call it weenie whinny somebody's
gonna make that now okay so four hours
later for four hours later half the
orders have been shipped and yeah here's
the fun thing though we got today
I get the the manager here isn't too
fond of us I guess so I guess but she's
a little cranky I guess she doesn't like
shipping things but I don't know I
always feel bad saying things like you
know like oh that's your job you should
do that because you know some people
don't like the job you know whatever I
respect that but I mean it's really
without people coming into the post
office this place would cease to exist
what are your thoughts anyway the good
news is the shirts are now on their way
or at least half of them and now we were
gonna go play with that
remote-controlled car and watch Marley
run to relieve our stress and laugh at
the little white dog who's got a pudgy
belly
hey Kay Marley
what is the only way to calm down she's
a really away oh this is what happens in
my other gets in trouble
I know good Miley get it straight
okay so the grass kill that pretty
quickly so we're gonna try to plan B
little track so we jump jump jump and
around the first turn
Marly and Zoey are already sniffing
something I don't think they care and
they're back on the field
Oh Zoey is taking the lead off the track
again and out of it they are cheating I
think Zoey one I thinks and they're back
at the same tree jump up there and see
if they follow you Marley Zoey look
they're so spastic
what are they going sup dog give any
cavities what about you spoon tongue
doesn't Marley's tunnel look like a
spoon you guys know what I just
discovered check this out alright
remember how we were doing the when I
was recording on the iPhone and I was
recording the dogs then they were
basically doing the Diamond Dogs like
okay like this
remember Diamond Dogs see have the light
on right there and then demon face will
watch when I move this away same light
Marley not so much no demon face and
then Zoe demon face that's so weird
not demon demon not demon demon face oh
you guys aren't helping us you're just
playing and being dogs huh why don't you
work for your food well we're getting
down actually it doesn't look like we
did anything does it
yes so I think we mailed out like 500
today and I'm not sure how much more we
have left so yeah but the good news is
it's almost done I also got to edit
tonight because the remember the trippy
bike video where I jumped over four
people at the prank house on that little
electronic motorcycle I uploaded that on
YouTube the cops not Charles Trippy
they'll be able to get the end of work
but I got to finish that assuming I
finished that they'll be up there if I'm
lying
you guys can punch me virtually in the
face I don't know how you'll do that
don't break your monitors but just
pretend it'll be up don't worry I got
your back my turtle
Haley in the comments you guys have been
asking how Marley's diet has been going
so we are going to wait you how much was
she I think she was over thirty five
thirty thirty thirty five I think I was
my mom let's go let's go let's go wait
yourself
daddy come on go stand on the scale okay
you weigh a million pounds
i'ma show the world how much you weigh
big fatty both of fatties
okay so Ali's not letting me show you
guys how much she weighs but we'll do
the math and we'll tell you girl why why
I don't understand that little cliche
where you can't ask a girl her age or
her weight I really
marlis 29 pounds you lost like four
pounds you know it's such a fanny
well that's good well that's good now
it's always turds Oh Zoey with their
turtle okay sorry there's no okay zero
so he does not look pleased Error error
error
I guess you guys what's up big strong
daddy do it
look at my face is it dear hey Chloe
sons era hold still apparently she gets
traumatized she needs water
I don't even know why there's water
no I think she's a little air you guys
oh okay okay this is wings Oh after all
the water careful she's a puke right now
don't squeeze her belly Oh trust me I
don't want to do that hey there's a
turtle in our bed what are you doing you
have Excitebike music Roger did you say
nut check
he said nut check like you know any Bob
Ali's had the Excitebike same song in
her head all day because I've been
editing our video which by the way okay
we're gonna finish doing this the video
the trippy bike video where I got to
relive my dream of being in a real-life
version of Excitebike so what are you
doing I'm vlogging the side leave me
alone I'm going to the bathroom we're
gonna vlog in the bathroom what do you
see you really got on that one you know
that feeling guys when you get a hit
yeah all the guys just went Oh at the
same time so let me finish you brought
me a turtle that's very nice turtle
thank you very much what is the
equivalent to a nut check to you you
think no joke my trick
but check I was embarrassing
what's up toad so I came around the
corner and apparently Marley got herself
stuck in the bank Marley get out you got
yourself in there come on apparently at
least ANOVA's on this episode of South
Park - do you guys know which character
she was we trying to figure it out oh
did she get out whoa
weirdo she's a weirdo
I know go back in so have you ever
wondered what would happen if you got
four willing friends a crappy electronic
motorbike and a dude who wanted to
recreate Excitebike you would get this
video so he'll watch it check it out and
let me know in the comments which video
game you would want to recreate if you
had a chance and I'm not talking about
this this new crap I'm talking about a
pissed style yeah do you want to punch
Donkey Kong in the face I do it's okay
admit it go check it out guys appreciate
it
