good almost evening guys yeah i just
woke up yep this is like the latest I've
ever slept is I think it's cuz the
timezone cuz I wasn't tired until about
like four o'clock like this eastern time
zone which is you know like normal time
over there west coast i woke up around
noon i guess because the video is
uploaded i don't remember doing that but
it was uploaded annotated and video
response to the last yesterday's video i
don't remember doing that so unless Ali
did that I did that I'd i slept upload
yes that's do me a new term for our
generation well it's online so i guess
it worked pretty styling stylin pretty
stylin that wasn't a mistake i just got
three times our fucker we just found
this out apparently hi I'm Ron um its
friends with the band Starfucker and
that song is actually named after I am
Ron I'm definitely playing catch-up
that's for sure come on quit pooping
everywhere let go I wonder if the see if
the UM the space shuttles so stuck in
the tree can't see it oh I think it fell
down can you guys see it anywhere up
there I don't think it's here anymore
wait hey goof balls I wonder if it fell
out of the tree or first so much that
actually got I don't think I wanted go
in that that's scary no me snakes around
there probably like over 9000 in 10
marley just ran up on Zoe jumped on her
to get her to chase her d let her go at
home by whoa I saw poke you're not
supposed to be eating the stick do you
remember last year youtuber named 7 blah
blah sent Marley his her very first
remote control car well he's got like a
million of these things I guess he used
to collect them and he just sent Marley
a brand new truck tomorrow they can
change good truck and a car at the same
time so yeah if you want to go say thank
you to Steven 7 blah links in the sub
bar so thanks dude I think Marley is
going to G love the thing she really
loved that remote control car she's
bragging like this even more sorry
insieme a la mensa dopo pranzo alla tua
venti chica Luca ballets very Italian
finally quattro cuando baje ocala cacho
elicit a mess a vach nacht ich honest
where I got like a bien la bella
giornata it's boring he's telling he's
saying at what time Mikey said like this
doesn't leak or denying like what I
don't know like I don't I'm a child yeah
oh I'm Italian I'm Italian and I like
spaghetti Sun l'italiano biagi spaghetti
Marley is a poophead cuz she eats her
own poop mollem poopit begin mangia
pursue a poop pretty sure I made a
couple of mistakes there it's really
hard for me not to confuse Spanish to
the Italian like instead of saying said
ki se porque sometimes and instead of
thing like 15 water vapor in
fensive audience it porfavor yet to go
wit any time you speak Italian you gotta
go what about the birds about love it I
was totally doing that on purpose to
like make it seem really stupid I'm like
olive garden italian I don't know any I
know yeah Charleston's about his Italian
assalam guidance I hate that thing
so I apologize guys I know today's been
kind of a fail thing I'm just kinda give
you know ever since I got back I was
just starting to get back into the swing
of things um basically I'm just trying
to get these stupid shirts out of the
house because these little munchkins
keep laying on them and I know you guys
want too much hair on them so I've been
doing this all day so we got this pact
get this packed with this pact with this
pact we got all those packed so Bo
starship is something out tomorrow
morning but yeah so thank you for
understanding i'm sorry but i just need
a couple days to get back into the swing
of things and i'm sure you guys
understand I know you guys understand
the CTFxC is for haters but they're also
for under standards should be a t-shirt
too CTFxC is for understanding that
connects to be a really funny shirt
anything one ad okay guess why this is
goodnight I just wait till she stops
away geared it looks so funny and is she
gonna stop no and she's on her back
you're weird good find Aly sagen I do
the internet that dog is so spoiled she
so I'm gonna go finish doing this
surprisingly i'm not really tired like
during prior that entire week of prank
house i think i slept before I would go
to bed at five in the morning and then
wake up at nine in the morning to upload
the vlog and I've been in completely on
this weird sleep schedule so I don't
know what's going on it's like three
o'clock now and i'm wide awake I don't
know what to do you guys want to go
party are they gonna go to party yeah
Marla let's party
you
the two
a mistake
you
it must be here
Molly
you
