some funny this yeah okay we're good
they're using all the far corners of
Erickson what day is today if we was
birthday that allowed I don't know why
I'm singing that but anyway totally
random I am so excited Charles is coming
home today I cannot wait you know not
only to see him and love him and all
that good stuff but just you know to not
have Marley tearing stuff up every time
I leave the house it's gonna be really
refreshing that's deep Steve's behind
that his motorcycle spotter right now
okay there's five mattresses son my
invention very few little asian I just
balanced legal area that is actually
kind of fun to Matt you're a genius
there's a moon bounce yeah I want I go
up to of it oh my damn dude seriously
every freaking time I come in here I
just feel like that's a whisper see you
later buddy
take care you go see you dude hey quit
nibbling me All Right see you later Oh
LAX sorry about that all right so a
three baggage claim oh I have just to
say is that the security checkpoint then
we have to take your shoes off that's
part of the dirtiest place they can
print a feat ever you go well they're
probably on the bathroom it's by cleaner
like if you look on the floor next
everything through April look at
security checkpoint can you take your
shoes off go through the x-ray thing
it's disgusting here Gemma Froelich mean
you'd be grossed out just updating you
in the bathroom over you almost there I
do have like an hour left I'm so
I hate fly East those those those three
hours it's like a lame version of time
travel except leasing a forward machine
one of this water like okay could drive
it jack or a play
a constant speed could you technically
click theoretically have your time stand
still because you're always going back
in time an hour you don't mean because
it makes any sense like if it
and it takes you an hour to get the next
time zone there's still eight you
so we should try them blankets covering
them mostly myself a lovely little
dinner not for you for me no we're get
ready to go pick up child okay okay are
we ready to go get daddy do we have our
seatbelts on yet seatbelt yes all right
let's go get Charles wait let's try this
mom said okay you I was okay i was i
okay i was okay we got time ah there's a
difference okay okay no see okay that's
gross so I'm home in Tallahassee I'm
just waiting for Ali but seriously okay
the guy that guy which walked out of the
bathroom we didn't wash his hands didn't
even bother to look at the sink who
discussed wash your hands I don't know
I'm kind of like a germaphobe so when I
see that kind of thing I just wanted to
grab the guy's hands and drag him back
like a child and hid under soap and
water back of his head was ridiculous
everybody wash your hands it's the right
thing to do because when you wash your
hands you get rid of the du du chic
upgrade the song ally ally oxen-free i
think i'm getting a cold last couple
days people were saying i was getting it
cool i think i really am my voices sound
different last couple days vlogs doesn't
it but yes Frank House is over for me I
guess they're gonna what they're doing
they're postponing and they're gonna
actually make it bigger and if you
bought tokens I guess I'm giving you
unlimited ones which is kind of cool for
the people who did it it was really fun
it was really an awesome experience if i
give you really we're looking at the
vlogs at the craziness like they had
remote control cars that you can control
at home there was paint ball guns that
you can control at home and Sam the
badass goat and the fishes right there
oh hello okay bow down think Marley is
about how hard side oh she got out of
the seat oh how'd she do that um she's
magic ok all right ok I get a little but
let's fight back back back back back
wait ok hey Joey Marley hi okay okay
relax guys chill pill chill pill Marley
hi hi hi guys ok ok ok ok each order hi
bird dog hi guys you're so much softer
than Sam ok hi pretty so I hear you were
a bad girl yeah healthy as flippin
charged I wish this was cheap ok
honestly I don't even know I can't even
recap in my head how much crap she ate
how many eminem's did you eat 2 times 8
some wooden stuff off the shelf 8 this
is why Shannon rly Cadbury chocolate
than I just showed on camera the other
day she ate that she ate what does she
do two envelopes just tore them up does
she do anything yeah today when I was
cleaning my should be getting up off to
ya Palacia up no off the coffee table
there was a big spot of sauce I walked
away and then I came back and it was
gone which I was like this Zoe I left to
die just like Zoe this is why I can't
ever leave that we gotta draw the
spaghetti sauce and Miley got eight tons
of chocolate oh geez anyway guys so I am
now home and so we're gonna get back
into the swing of things I didn't
believe Ali when she said the living
room was full of shirt so I gotta do
this
and I have added it like a bunch of
videos what I know we don't really need
to get a house you know so this is what
I want to ask you because I want to go
to bed now actually gonna make a
sandwich probably because I'm exhausted
but prank house was awesome I wanted to
ask you guys what your favorite prank
was from the prank house wasn't when we
put Briggs car in the the prank house
itself was the win Jesse did the pick
out what was it the pancake paintball
gun when Derek fell out of the roof on
to Kate's bed so let me know in the
comments which was your favorite and
which one I should adapt for this place
so I can start doing it the alley but
don't tell her but yeah so I'm gonna get
some rest so I can tackle a bunch of
stuff tomorrow sorry short vlog is short
but the last couple weeks have been
pretty insane and i hope you guys
enjoyed it it was really nice hanging
out with all my friends but it's good to
be home with my bitches in my hot
Beyonce oh she was including the bitches
oh there's your flowers um all right can
I guess see tomorrow
you
this year
I wish they did
the war
here
Marley
