Oh rapini femur
oh my god I'm scary hi guys today we're
on that's what real a fad and I'd be
like is there like third vlog what
should I say what's up bro what's up
dude
we're in Nanakuli Beach Park I'm
probably butchering I'm probably
butchering every day first let's just
address the thing on my head yes I have
a big gash in my forehead
I was saving Ally from a big old robber
with a big old knife somebody broke into
our hotel and I had to totally kick
somebody's ass he was yielding this
giant sword and I wasn't scared so I
stayed there but unfortunately I got
this big gash in my face not actually
what was happening as I oh I found a car
yellow car actually what really happens
washing my hands at night and the light
was off and it turned around and I
frickin wax my damn head right into the
doorframe yellow car so this was well it
were 35 40 minute drive kind of mexico
beach right now and it's just beautiful
it is not overcrowded the water is
spectacular unlike anything I've ever
seen and then look at that behind us I
feel like we're in a fairy tale
so while the boys are flying their
drones that Valentina and I are just
kind of taking into presaging view found
this real cool like beautiful piece
coral I'm saying we're going to take it
but they've just put up these signs
meaning we're not going to go in the
water because the currents are really
bad yeah rip currents so we're not
blooming at the beach but we're trying
to find this little I got soda stampers
like a little secret cave area that I
guess the locals know of yeah we're
going to leave that here looks very
pretty pic so that way you can bring it
home
uh-huh talks-a-lot crap windy I don't
want to make that sound you know as you
can see that water looks freakin amazing
I don't know if you saw that clip where
the guy was going to do the backflip and
just land it on his back
it's perfect timing anyway we're at a
place called mermaid caves so we're
going to go know Nana's booty
I think it's so Beach but the cave is
called mermaid mermaid is tremendous
driving the drone the drone shop I kind
of did a better shot but still not as
cool the blotting
not out over did it I was really hoping
that when I was flying it that I would
be some sort of whale or shark at least
one day hopefully I think tomorrow we're
going to go shark diving
hello crab
they're like spider-man of the sea
so cool how many millions of years do
you think is taken for it to find little
cracks like in the coral they get
underneath there and make a tunnel do
you remember that one where it stood up
like a lot somewhere in Kona he remember
that I think that's why I ruined a
camera I was one of the cameras that
I've ruined over and Seana and the other
one I fell in the water and then the
other one I fell with Ali's phone and my
phone
it was a very expensive trip what is
meaning you can go now I'm dead serious
it was this comin I don't know let's be
careful I don't awkward right here don't
hit your head lowered vital overrated
min got it doesn't look as deep as it is
you're right looks super it's very
deceptive this now there's like football
gotta get out might be better here
that's really awkward
on the large level
Hey he was so cool
legit okay coming in now I'll warn you
every time you can see all the way out
now welcome in Danny Oh door hey
the boys on back down I decided safe
here with Valentina because it was
getting a little rough down there and
you have very little head space to where
you can swim and where the current of
the waves are coming in to really really
rough but it's absolutely beautiful the
ground is actually like super soft and
it's like the actual stone has been
smoothed out from all the ways that have
been coming in and the rocks have been
coming in for God I don't even know how
long all of that down there that's
actually coral and it's we're just
getting there's your hand
the only thing is that it is a little
bit of a riptide ending
hang on it doesn't value called espalier
die Ranger the reality the putters
pretty much came at the right time just
perfect timing I should said yeah and
the big one going oh okay
where we know
this is probably one of the coolest
things I think I've ever bought yourself
did you go time to get out
so that cave was pretty awesome the only
thing I would suggest is going groups
sometimes it's a little little weird we
had a little weird encounter nothing bad
for the high recommendation if you go
there please be safe
singing plan what happened was there was
a guy down there with a screwdriver that
we kind of kind of put piece together
towards the end that we were like okay
this is probably not the safest place so
then we had to bail it was weird
there's no screws down there is no
screws on this guy's house is haunted
that's cool
taking care of it that's gonna be so
cool go on away first
so while the boys are doing their sound
check right now
Valentin and I have a choice we can
either go with them or come here so we
decided to come here sound of the wind
we're like I don't know I mean your
music is great but I like to sound away
it's better no I'm only kidding but we
figured give them a little bit of boy
time looking on girl time so we're back
on which she Beach and relaxing and
taking the Sun yeah we're looking for
sponsor tonight we're very excited
because there was a young girl that gave
us the recommendation earlier for the
place that we visited this morning we
already met a bunch of like CDX peers
and bl beers today and great they're
really good we're looking forward to the
concert tonight okay we have a show
obviously the why first include these
demos because never did so we're all
good playing why insurance there's
there's Danny's wine shirt
there's crab there's my goalie where's
your Hawaiian shirts in fact I'm
surprised you're those awesome oh it's
going to be like purple or something
good no no it's interchange right in my
wheelhouse profession a little vegetable
guides again really my favorite your gum
a cool you like it
thank you crawling what's it on camera
one more time your dear Lord screams yes
that's right
hey babe you lose the toilet no kohli
lots of toilet I didn't glue it up
tonight
others looking good Colio ever did
that's that you get little so good in
everything swimming what you most like
years of time like yours it is period
going to descend
sure oh yeah Elvis
it really isn't anywhere that like from
years to come I'm Michele why are you so
short of course the boys are like
pre-gaming and with a game we're
pre-gaming beginning I know that's why
did you Oh Oh entendre let me guess
that's so anyway that's 0x do you not
learn a good good
you
together
all right guys it has been an amazing
awesome day
but I'll be completely honest I am
exhausted I administered a very long
time because the delete as I stayed up
the entire time since the whole London
stuff at any rate tomorrow's a another
crazy day I will see you guys tomorrow
have a good night
you
