oh good morning Sam's like I was
freaking sleeping over here oh hi camera
oh yeah probably saying I'm glad I won't
be hearing for a while seriously
seriously I'm sorry I spilled beer on
your bed which is not my bed but you
covered me in water you bitch no but
seriously I'm sorry and if it's it's
okay with you I would like to come
finish this movie quietly okay I didn't
mean spray you with a fire extinguisher
I didn't mean died your PSP behind go
I'm sorry kid can you please forgive me
I think today was a great first day for
us to ever meet just take my apology
please okay please answer me all the
trip of blood okay there's there certain
things that you can hurt yourself and it
looked manly but skipping is that water
nothing I'm sorry Kelly answers the
phone call listen right here is broken
its broken or dislocated to me it looks
just over there there's a I cut myself
this place was exploded
guys I'm driving in California i
listening to Californication by the red
hot chili peppers look who else loves
chocolate I'm sorry that's not for you
this is the first time job seeing my
living room okay walk in here oh wow
that's my jam oh yeah apparently the
small cranberry shirts are Marley's new
place of power are you really gonna lay
on all the shirts I guess I kind of took
over her whole couch see that's mildly
spot right there but she decided to lay
right there so we are going to well
looks like old circuit city but a
Halloween store cuz i forget am a
vampire week by friend Christabel 28 is
actually driving up and then we got
clipped critics Sun is coming up already
no don't do it my god and then we had
genuine joe whoa oops
oh just let those coincidence you're
trying to find a power ranger costume no
I couldn't find a power ranger costume
but it did find Mario 64 that is
perverted wait then theres woody oh crap
the eggs level woody it's in the men's
section of the new sexy Caribbean fire
to man yeah so I got my wig if you
haven't guessed we are filming a
twilight spoof for halloween and it's
like i said earlier it's an idea i had
for a year but i wanted to wait until I
you know had time and the right people
and I have the right people this time
and now I have the right wig so I want
to put it on I kind of want my money
back this doesn't look anything like
this this is ridiculous I look like
Donald Trump like a younger day like
some weird vampire so weird vampire
businessman is that my vampire face is
that Bella I need you my life does it
work this is this is kind of enjoy this
is what if this is too dude searching
for bronze yeah we got to try to find
some bronzer for genuine joe airbrush
thought you said don't nobody terrible
yeah Derek Nimmo yeah they're good it's
not a day and less Derek shirts off what
up this is a perfect nipples yeah okay
this is Christabel just about 28 you're
doing you're doing YouTube videos again
right yeah she's gonna be playing moon
you're gonna be playing these suburban
mom here you get back if she was
actually my first videos
back at the back in the day back and so
we got the tattoo I've done all these
lights i'll switch probably i just got
to make sure i'm going over this is
actually tattoo carbon paper right yeah
there we go you got up there way too
quick baby do you got me home what is
that hurt yeah it's just cool and I
wasn't expecting that in California you
get the kiddie pools it's getting a
tattoo he's a big twilight fan alright
so we're getting the makeup he's got a
little makeup specialist dirty boy and I
have stole over there Chad hey everyone
needs to give up everyone just go
subscribe to the clip critics cuz he
just drove over a hundred miles finished
100 miles my my son's if you can take my
son's friend christian i was talking to
last week i say that who are your
favorite tubers he said I like open our
here's give me the big laundry list I
said who's your favorite and he said
Charles Trippy I'm like you gotta be
kidding me then Charles calls me the
very next day saying hey man you want to
put your kid with my videos I'm like
kind of put his friend into a love you
video so yeah so I had to drive here 100
miles still away from said yeah you did
yeah so it someday oh you were his first
video write what you want to talk first
videos borrow 30 by the video they
actually call it viral video whore it
was called video warranty yeah it was
called a hauler yeah she was okay with
it I was like right in the snapshot like
this yeah
anyways much yeah it was money so what
do you plan are you playing the i'm
playing the mail modern vampire we won't
stay so many refer legal reason do it
why do i have to do that because it
shows your cheekbones yeah like in fishy
face yes christian i am now appreciating
what women have to do every day how's it
look for it my sparkling Harry this is a
crappy like you really think that your
shiny like beautiful work they have to
be on the outside oh we got Jacob beat
your record and be in the chair now how
do you feel fine you'll be Dracula yes
you ready Christian yeah get Christian
has the werewolf lot of shirtless men in
this room um we'll see here how's the
bronzing I'm bronzing and it is looking
amazing he's more of the willow or you
like this by the way this is my
sparkling I he's more of the Michael J
Fox in Teen Wolf I spit it off of it oh
that's so good he'll you head back to
your back yeah that's so good that's a
good tactic actually yeah I used to be a
zombie oh yeah my past life yeah how's
it look oh come on ty I give the best
monster face there we go
yeah the makeup artists over here hey I
need y'all
he's a natural she's a natural walk all
right
I'm here here you're like in air and
you're looking at hoping but you're on
this tattoo that's like Oh keeping this
big everyone okay so you're basically
kind of looking at both oh right Corey's
helping me hey guys this is Jacob's
behind-the-scenes mine sees Charles
Trippy take 50 you guys are so adorable
I love love your costumes and I love
vampires and like candy we're trying to
delicious I love love your costumes you
guys are so adorable
just the finale is clapping sure what
are you supposed to be yeah like a dog
he's good I work yeah good it's a line
and out of focus but oh how we need
close-ups of us right yeah I'm gonna
flip her okay oh hi hi Cameron we've
lost this is gonna be uploaded on my
channel it seems really barkman yeah
would you like that I love it there was
no all the time Fighting's great this is
really good it'll boss all right back up
like a bell in right so that is a wrap
we finished and I just want to say thank
you to everybody who's in it i want you
to subscribe to everyone so what is your
YouTube Taco Tuesday 233 that's actually
the coolest one ever Taco Tuesday high
five it's awesome i know it's Christabel
the lovely Christabel 28 and then we got
genuine joe duh and then we got the clip
critics Jeff Ellis yes hey and then we
got SMP films oh and here's Dracula
what's yours youtube damn your zombie
sergeant zombie all right you still got
blood on your face oh its moral she's
gotta come up with like some crazy
excuse for school now all right man
werewolf yes Dracula would you like me
to awesome yeah Krista oh thank you for
driving oh hey sorry there's only one
thing about playing Jacob is all the
glitter okay so this is the way we test
make sure all the glitters off I gotta
get an LED leg on see they get at all
confident wait
casa de fuego and we donated they
typically donated a dollar good job guys
but Charles has a really good video
coming for you guys so get excited for
that it's gonna be here for halloween
and he comes home tomorrow and i'm so
happy although I kind of like the
adventure well he had an adventure I
kind of just got to watch Marley eat
everything in the house that she's not
supposed to oh my god are you serious
they get out there by themselves well
hey at least you know the shirts are
comfortable right can't wait for Charles
to come home tomorrow good night guys
what are you doing you following me it's
good news guys the guys the producers of
Frank House are going to take Sam to a
nice petting zoo because of you guys I'm
suggesting a much areas so as soon as
he's and its new home i will show you
guys some photos cuz everyone loves Sam
he's awesome he's like a little dog he's
like Marley he eats everything except he
has horns so it is my last night here in
California we're gonna celebrate by
going to jenny's I don't that's really a
celebration while you're in America it
is it's more like we're gonna
Dennis that video that I we just shot is
for Halloween so it'll be up in a couple
weeks this is an interesting getting but
yeah it's not gonna go up for a couple
weeks so it'll be on YouTube back up
sighs Charles Trippy it'll be really
good at brah this is my favorite video
I've ever done best part of coming to
denny's listen listen oh yeah is it
covered in syrup and if you feel the
food it's actually this is what the food
kisses yeah it's got a little bit stir
up and grease on it right yeah feelin
like a scratches it's almost like this
tables hi yeah you do look like a t-rex
I have no elbow space it's really high
she's making he's making a splenda pixie
stick a sugar-free picture shake so
proud this is for Shane Dawson if they
sold these they'd be sold out that was
like 77 pics pete has fled the packets
wasn't it I was like would you do it
again there's somebody else made it for
me I give us that one yeah but don't
worry probably happen again let me try I
enjoyed the chest I feel low I can hit a
little low told you a fool head shot Oh
Oh time work just listen if you want to
give this public works you wanna press
report alright guys well I'm packing I
go back home tomorrow and I don't know
how I'm gonna get everything in these
three things so yeah I'm gonna start now
and I will see you guys on the plane
tomorrow what yeah I will oh yeah didn't
get it all in I'm staring you down on
that one nobody believes me that this is
okay i would have latest arrest in the
comments this is not a birth control
this is a skate company that's what it
is and nobody seems to believe you yeah
Derek Derek is vouching for me right now
Sid said all right our group okay thank
you so you guys tomorrow and everyone
thank you know
I was different i was the supernote
she
you will sleep there
you
it was me
d
you
