Oh
really Carla this is usually good jobs
all right
to go well I mean like this guy could
garage now oh no actually never counted
that air by hand yeah then we got the
house of horrors for sinners and seven
need a better reaction yeah I really get
a little too claustrophobic getting all
cooped up in the house from doing shirts
for so long so decided to take him out
for a little run
she's totally not paying attention dick
so fucking asshole you are so far away
okay so I showed you all the boxes
before are you ready for this show so
this is what my living room looks like
right now packages and boxes and yeah
whoa girls think we should take a break
from all this packing I just talked to
you about following whistles a little
while ago but this is a new check this
out misty down mundo this is my new
sweater that I got for my friend Mallory
at world clothesline calm it's just this
little company that runs online and they
travel all over the world and basically
it's the same kind of concept as Tom so
the shoes except you can buy a piece of
clothing and whatever you buy a
an item of equal value or the same item
rather will be donated to a place where
a place where people are in need of
clothing or on a mission to clothe the
world and you guys should definitely
help them out so if you can go to world
clothesline com it'll be really cool to
check it out it's like Rising 2 and yes
zombie that's okay that was so pretty
cool
we're magical and editing
this caused quite the interesting
combination what do you think Ryan and
then you can clean your shirt after that
well they definitely have gone up all
right let's put that against your head
here is a bucket of coca-cola I'm trying
to teach Ryan and he's not quite
understand destroy a brain freeze and
you're supposed to put your tongue on
the soft palate
yeah so that's how you cure well you can
take your thumbs to bumblebee please
don't sting me
the best part is that a windows like
at the Microsoft Store
I've ever seen that looks just like an
apple I want I want they have an apple
store as well like I think it's like
there's the Windows Store and here's the
Apple store they look almost identical
what do you think Internet should I get
these Tom's Ryan says they look like
ballerina shoes are these ballerina
shoes let's see Charles is better Ryan I
think it's more of a hipster my hipster
right now guy says I've come in before
Bobby's apparently he's lumping me in
with the hipsters come on do a trick
watch yourself
this is like one of my favorite things
to do when you come to the atma story
just look on the
phones and just look at all the videos
and just watch the random things people
do so good all right Cory and I are
gonna do I'm ready Cory
there you go trying to find it at this
Apple store let's just check this
computer to see what it's like this is
the other one we did have that one
really miss these daily pranks I've
really got honestly myth speed could be
fun that was the best one I've ever seen
at an Apple store though really nice
guys all right so the Apple store at the
Shops at Mission Viejo
Viejo in California Mission Viejo
California the Apple store there has all
those things we just left on the
computer so hopefully you guys can find
them you find them at reply us and that
way we can see them all right check this
out I was walking out that
check this out as walking out of the
mall and it's called the first all right
target I have to get some costumes
actually some jeans and a t-shirt for
the clip critics his son is gonna be in
a video that we're shooting tomorrow and
you were video bombing yeah you do
somebody was couldn't figure it out
anyway so we gotta find some some
t-shirts and stuff like that I mean old
skate
so funny okay the boy sent this huh
should I open that one okay I've never
seen her do this to a toy
big fish the quarters
here's a quarter
it's American so it's worth more than
yours
that is so awesome to rocketship but are
hilarious to do that rocket ship that
doesn't sound tasty
only in America what's up Stan let's go
gonna hide yeah I know you know follow
me like way no patrols it up come on
let's go see yeah I'll go for a run
let's go for a run let's go good boy
tell me you found me yeah yeah we gotta
find him a petting zoo Internet if you
run a petting zoo or know anyone who
runs the petting zoo or no up anything I
was looking for a goat let us know in
the comments because it's Southern
California and we basically we're trying
to find a home for standard goat and
he's awesome
as you guys saw that is the new CTFxC
mission you need to find a petting zoo
that wants Sam he's got like an Ewok but
oh my gosh he's like a dog seriously
Internet we need to find a petting zoo
for Sam tell him tell him
cabernet it's really really cute I know
it makes me miss Spain so much so we're
having some cheese and wine and we're
watching FSU wins
yeah we're kicking you ever mass going
going down where we a girl
so look at that
hey guys since uh Ali hasn't been able
to film a lot because of school and
everything
she made a opening mail video with the
dogs and it's actually really adorable
so click here and you can go check out
the new male vlog and see more of Ali
because she's much cooler than I am
anyway don't worry guys I'm gonna be
back home on Monday
I don't we just gotta film a video on
Sunday and then I will be back home so I
go check out the vlog and I will see you
guys tomorrow
okay thanks love you bye
we'll speak
you
mommy
