that's awesome look at this this is from
andrew g he sent this Conan and I guess
these are I don't know if he made them I
think he made them that's really cool
and a little tired Oh Mykel acute is and
this is I'm pretty sure it's a penis I
could be wrong about that but it looks
like a CTFxC penis okay this is really
cool this is from Amanda um she first of
all she asked us when we were going back
to that creepy hell that's funny and she
sent these recipes for making like all
natural dog biscuits yourself cooking
them yourself and this is a this is a
magical circle silly band for Charles oh
this is so cute this is from Samantha p
we met her at pier 39 in San Francisco
that's so awesome it's like this little
collage thing that you made for us oh so
cute thank you so much it is from
charity water and this is a really cool
foundation um I think Kristen Bell
actually did work for them this is
really cute it's this little here let's
see if I can open it it's a little
bracelet and somebody donated twenty
dollars in each Charles and my name this
is from Tyler jacket turtle that's
awesome Zoe no there's something in
there for you the turtles mine get away
shot glasses from Cedar Point which is
awesome cuz we love it there and he sent
this lovely ah stuffing free thank
goodness cuz that's what's usually all
over the house is stuffing so there you
go okay okay oh my girl Zoe what not
this one oh you want that one up do you
want it yeah I think this is from
Agustin hey I'm not positive I'm
pronouncing that correctly so this is
awesome hey it's a little book with a
bunch of pictures so awesome I think
it's very cool thank you very much
devonee or devon er I don't know I'm
sorry this is really funny this is
t-shirt cheese back just a little CTFxC
picture and these chewy atomic fireballs
which I've never seen an some chocolate
just delicious and here's her in hockey
oh there they are okay I'm gonna eat one
of these that's not that bad oh
okay that's really bad oh that was hot
for this package this is full found
Jordan did you like to see what's in
there yes these are all silly bandz oh
my god I think I can like cover my
entire arm with that I'm gonna wait to
open this bad boy up well I opened it
but you know what I mean I'm gonna wait
to break this out and read it till
Charles gets home this is from nick g so
instead of how do you survive as a human
in a zombie apocalypse this is how to a
be a genuinely good zombie it's a magic
turtle thanks Melissa what's in there
this is from emily from the netherlands
sheet individually wrapped like a bunch
of silly bands is awesome but this is
for so huh so yeah for a little brat
that's awesome do you know that's for
you that's for you get it open it it's
for you you little brat open it get it
my pull it get it open it open it oh my
god that's so cute here my my look Riley
yeah yeah hair gosh Emily sent me i'm
from the netherlands I like you okay I
like you too dark that's nice I don't
know how the hell'd Jeff down does this
okay this is cool this is from Lindsay
thank you and she sent us a couple of
recipes to make butterbeer i'm really
excited i really want to try though i
don't think there's actually better in
it is there
butter in it thank you to Natalia see
she just sent us these little snacks
poppers and duck chips kind of weird but
I bet the dogs will love that and it's
great to hear that you're making videos
um that's inspiring to us and I hope
we're inspiring to you um so keep going
uh her YouTube is the chilled plum so
check her out okay this is hilarious I
just gave them one of these popper
things look at me look at me listen to
this no shame Oh hear a lot more settle
with Mars just like check out that
turtle thanks Jessica mm-hmm it is from
alex g he's in a band called the kobolds
I please tell me I'm saying that right
the kobolds I hope so he sent us a shirt
um the same name very cool and the EP
I'm really excited i totally want to
listen to this so check it out here you
go they have them those are their
dresses any scent toys for the doggies
thank you so much and like amazing
freakin delicious snacks that we do not
need to be eating no you cannot have the
zombie blood this is from Brett the
package of zombie mitad I'm gonna give
that to Charles when he gets home okay
those are the cold this is from Brett we
got some LIVESTRONG bracelets and an
unauthorized official punch buggy rule
book so I think this should clear a
couple of things up and Brett you asked
if you thought the news thing was kind
of over down on YouTube and my honest
opinion um you know everything's been
done at least once on YouTube it's
really rare to come across something on
the internet because it's such a huge
and very widely accessible thing it's
very rare to come across something
that's very unique unless it's like not
planned you know what I mean uh so I
don't know I i have to say that the news
thing it's not over done it's done by a
lot of people but if you have something
unique to bring to the table you know
through that medium of creating videos
then hey you could do very well for
yourself okay so that's all the packages
i'm gonna open today we have a bunch
more but i'm gonna wait until Charles
gets home so we can share the excitement
gonna end on this note
that was a fail
you
