not something to write on so mr. Charles
Trippy and they are about to do the most
epic prank here at practice what's up
full Ares right
alright so this is Jesse's elaborate
prank this is I think funny with your
best pranks this is gonna be one of your
best homes on Channel oh we've chosen
magic you're coming if you see but yet
appreciate the extra touch thee that you
put like wadding so would go into the
gun and everything here's what they have
to read I'll pause this you guys can
pause the video or something I get
closer I don't like it I can even read
this is my own handwriting would you do
it like I just I just walked up I'm like
oh
you all right are you in here no good I
cleaned up I'm okay she's okay but I'll
get nominations okay
that is like my favorite site in all
tallahassee driving down college tours
the Wescott building it's so pretty i
love downtown tallahassee to it's like a
very old timey downtown it's really
small it's not like downtown Atlanta
it's not like a giant city but go yeah
look at all the flippin boxes who all
shirts for you guys so I think that all
the orders finally came in from the
pre-orders that was difficult to all
huge heavy boxes Zoe are you
investigating all the boxes what's in
there what's in it she's like are those
treats for me are the cookies are these
all cookies for us know every time is
seriously every time a box or any kind
of package comes in the house they think
it's for them
my fire looks pretty good this is so
awesome I don't even know this thing's
street legal huh you guys think I should
get one of these oh the allottees gonna
let me cuz i got that goped i never ride
it was just so much cooler the
motorcycle
Oh
I'm done I got literally hit five times
12 then it went 45 actually was a six
times the way all over the place it's
not as bad as what you do is I don't
fuck your face up yeah that was bad what
are you doing arts science scientific
cart ready
Wow heart attack I am impressed this is
artist I was expecting a disaster no no
wait wait keep on keep on
okay $45 on ebay you can have a copy of
Messi's own Etsy account y-you wife's
gonna shower my bed oh I like the guy
that goes to your house because i am a
famous youtuber I can sleep any fucking
bad one why do you the stone it's a
pride why do you have yeah you trying to
prank yeah yeah dowon they're just do it
me
I
Rock Paper Scissors shoot and what does
scissors okay the life lesson you guys I
rest most people throw scissors I'm the
only Chinaman here and I'm the only one
not doing stupid face ah that's
impossible Oh fell in the paper I'm
gonna do stupid shit nothing you can say
behind justin bieber i have to do
anything ah they got stuck in my finger
complete opposite oh look at this gnarly
oh look at oh yeah yeah that's a good
one
boys playing dead I scared him the girls
knock up on this I was like what are
they smelling and they're they're
getting their good after a little toad
Oh porno guy okay let him go okay do you
remember danielle from spain and look at
her birthday
it's like a sweet reunion you guys are
so yeah yeah in the great jams oh my god
job Jessie she isn't a diaper because
it's that special time
hi
and not hear my guitar
just try to get my show oh these aren't
a scary side I thought you had like a
rattlesnake just hanging on your quarry
just did the best prank ever against
Jesse the prank master do you have to
see that wears gonna be about the hood
on your channel and your channel that
was really know any thought I know we
want to tell you what happens he's gonna
want to go check that out I'm gonna help
you really it's really close that's to
be the new 2011 fashion yes I call it
snake look my eyeball Tashi what yeah
yeah what happened to it smelled your
eyeball that's smoked gouda stung ah
it's like a puppy it's like a puppy it's
like a little bit warm pop think it's a
good is this you get a puppy it's gonna
bite me sweetie
I got you can see your face right now
it's priceless they're just too slimy
how go Joey Gallo coming back to the
frankness and involve the door okay now
we have to put everything back really
we're gonna do here I got it hey just
finished already yeah there's a deal I
feel kind of salty yeah sorry I got so
own with something those friend
don't you honey truck what's going on
take it off but where did he go just
like me when you say weights coming
around the back is it you did you all my
party's gonna happen oh he's hiding oh
you don't talk sweet sweet nocturnal
this whisper term Justice League grandpa
can you do can you just gonna take it
over the part because this front of me
fine that's a poisonous roust nice
there's no rattle there's no rattle no
you're right its course me weird it
feels great I don't think it's just
great but wow I made another do i right
what do you discuss like honestly that's
a really big sorry right now I think
he's trying to figure out if he can I
should get you in his mouth horns man
Charles put it on Marley you've been on
this table and all the one that bloggers
a bloggers oh I feed him antigen read
and I'm sticking your rack sweetie
around right this is just make as a man
controls you want to hang out snake vs
sting just a photo I'm gonna send this
alley that way ok now it's going to my
neck so just put that as I here's all
the score
Oh scary man see the thing is I knew you
too long to know you wouldn't throw that
on me
this is just a little bit ironic huh
sucks bro yeah for all right so prank
house is done and we decided that it
would be the best way to end this by
parking one of the producers car brig in
the middle of prank house so we are
dismantling part of the netting and
there is a convenient gate over there
you see it right there we're going to
try this car through here and around and
hopefully park it in the race car track
here's the tricky part the guns are
still alive the guns are still alive so
we can't get job get through this mess
on the other side don't worry I feel
like they did some purpose they knew
this was gonna happen do you think like
Briggs actually planning this is he gave
me the car you know I don't know what I
happy one brick I'm sorry I'm sorry
buddy okay
oh we are good he he he he quit you're
gonna wake up the neighbors what's up
Stan
I know we're doing something bad but
it's gonna be so funny now a car in the
track alright so we had a better idea
that's just leave the car but to fill it
with balloons that was lovely i had a
little spain at Ione on with all my
amigos and ahora creo que es la hora de
dormir pero NOS not Jace hace mucho
tiempo para espanol no I'm sorry I
haven't been speaking Spanish a whole
lot i just said sorry ok it's time to go
to bed so far we got this video oh my
gosh this is like the best prank ever
all right that's quite a bit of a
balloons I think we're good and the
balloon front car exploded all right
we're good oh man slimy and look at this
what good pranksters are we we clean up
our tracks literally yeah that's a win
oh wait what is that nothing everyone
that is a double win right there
don't you two
me
with you
you must be fit
the morning
you
it was big
get going mommy
you
