the bots on this side lots and lots of
more than that generous amount some
cheese and chocolate pudding what that
rough damn lazy go like oh yes nice
don't breathe this yeah probably pretty
amazed really gonna like that taste me
there's a little bit to it bugs in this
everyone's gonna try it's an after thing
right oh my god
who's eating that this actually tastes
better yeah I think I actually swallowed
a larva look a squirrel see I can be
exciting to what now I'm here at Collin
and I just heard some guys playing music
outside of Wescott I got really curious
awesome I heard them from all the way
over there and I was like oh my god I
have to go film this I'm gonna go hang
out with Stan what's up Stan you sneeze
all over me for ten points
we already got ten points well have some
what bugs
delicious oh it's great you ready for
that wine matte representing red oh my
god you can hear did you do
okay do you want to see what sucks I'll
show you what's up
or person anything I've done in my four
years of FSU
okay so right now I'm Alec golf cart
because I lost my a charger for my
computer in the classroom you know I
don't need my computer it's no big deal
right the fastest I've ever gotten
around campus
reasonably gun is so much fun balls on
both sides exactly the most dump of it
we're playing gladiator out there I'm
gonna be blade you'll be Scott
right now we have Shawn the magician
behind me and I just duct-taped his eyes
so he can't see anything
inside one of these cups and we're gonna
mix them up can we see that now I'm just
gonna show the camera that's the nail I
think because I see this on TV before
he is successfully going to make the
nail disappear with his head oh my god
you got it
that's the magic treasure actually the
most painful pot that's a real I should
probably do the blood super nail
probably not gonna head but I thought it
was gonna headbutt me over Sam I know so
distracted gotta be higher than that we
gotta do something set you know was a
matter of time before we decided to ramp
the mini bikes
so here's the deal I just got everyone
to give me the footage from the mini
jump thing where you guys scared that I
was gonna kill myself
hopefully Ali doesn't find out she's
gonna kill me that keyboard anyway acted
so I was looking through all the footage
and it's just so amazing I want to cut
everything together to make it really
really awesome so what I'm gonna do is
I'm going to take today tonight and
tomorrow to edit everything together and
I'll put it on YouTube backups less
Charles Trippy you know my main channel
on Friday so if you're not subscribed
over there go check out I actually
uploaded a video today basically what a
my bucket list videos so that's what I'm
gonna do because the footage really is
awesome I promise you it's worth the
wait so that's where that footage went
I'm gonna go watch a really bad movie
called Lake Placid now see if you guys
can guess in the comments what what
theme song or music would go good with a
minibike hmm think nerdy what do you
guys think tell me in the comments I bet
you at least one of you is actually
gonna guess it we haven't seen a whole
lot of you today girls oh hello I'm
sorry we didn't get to go to the PA RK
you just can't ya just death stare the
whole time
Marley good night girls I love you Colby
Colby jeff goldblum don't you start
whining you don't care about Jeff
Goldblum don't even lie the first day
great house people send this mother to
pump pick me up
si en Y Raz
on Twitter video is the spontaneous
video you'll see this later but I'm
gonna turn this off because they're
looking at me guess we're working this
gonna be a one-take video it's very rare
on YouTube it's gonna be a one-take
video with like ten people and Corinne
are directing this is gonna be awesome
be hardcore is all one take right there
I think it is most interesting that Ed
mentioned that it's like we got to be so
meticulous about this is gonna take like
two hours we're all getting work okay
we're all doing this right now that's
the live on Frank house so this is all
live
look at the Twitter feed oh my god see
everyone's freaking out everyone's like
this is so much better than reality TV
see actually creating content oh so we
just finished the video we just it's a
one-take video we did it in front of all
these people
now everyone did a great job everyone
did a great job that's great
awesome awesome okay I want everyone in
the CFX the army right now to give it up
for Brett right now awesome well we're
gonna do this again one two three there
we go we weren't we weren't planning now
look at that straight
give it up the Brett in the video but I
promise you don't like it and you'll
want to give it up the bread so everyone
good job and good night we'll see you
tomorrow
you
there
