what are you Sam you look a giant Marley
and Zoey just with horns I'm hang out go
eat stuff and poop everywhere a little
last-minute changes
good job Briggs right in the motorbike
with baby tart and it just collapsed the
well if I get in his defense we were
going on probably every other minute so
dude what are you doing Sam what are you
doing up there all right so we're
waiting for the other team to come back
from the beach houses this is what we're
doing we're gonna make them we're gonna
force them to come through this door
there's peanut butter right here on the
door handles they're not gonna notice so
we got to close this when they come in
we'll have Ryan with an empty paintball
gun shooting just like blanks scare them
they're gonna run over here they're
gonna obviously suspect peanut butter
well what we're using is Vaseline - this
clear all this crap on their hands and
we've taped up all these sinks the
splatter so that's like three pranks and
a team effort so that's major points
right there and then and then Sam's
going to RAM them in the balls
we already got a will on our team so
we're gonna protect him so peanut butter
we got the paper gun when it comes
through Vaseline on there that will
water and then when they go into the
bathroom to clean up they get sprayed by
the sinks
just playing the waiting in
technically
the prank but got it near buckets I
don't know why is there no water Cory we
are gonna play giant Jenga right there
yeah so it's gonna be me and there's
Matt on the team
we got a child and they're gonna be
playing against us but yeah this
literally Jenga huge style with
paintballs
there's no feel that you can do through
YouTube but these are disgustingly wet
it's like soaking wet
somebody this is why you wear protection
I guess
in the face
even get in a circle
that's the only injury came out for me
these are your boxers Oh Canada that's a
country right-o we go it's kind of a
country
Corie got some sexy legs there
how'd it feel to get every single person
on the blue team what happened there you
didn't know I did we're just we're
talking the internet right now best of
three
sequels we were Titans everybody was
remembering so this is the aftermath and
let's just cut to the footage
this one just I'm gonna run over my bike
which is that time to Alex QA his
trousers
what this fancy more anyways right to
his name so if you are new to the
internet and you don't know who the
world DC is he does the winner in losers
he's made me a loser well to be fair I
was a loser you going off the list
that's true that's true
but here's the thing is a lot of people
think uses like bid stats and things
like that I want to show this and I just
want to put this the rest look at this
spreadsheet look at this spreadsheet
this is all him that's insane
the data then just to prove that it's
not just one week it goes all the way
from zero back to this is the top 100
this is the top 100 with me back to May
8 2008 geez dude your data nerd did not
even exist I remember when you came on
the top 100 my hundred seventy-three
friends
you joined the top 100 yeah with 173
thousand subscribers the week of
December 3rd 17th and December 17th good
job is to use toothpaste or baking soda
as the
without missing a beat
so you remember yesterday and how we
lost and didn't have the luxury of
staying in this place well guess what
this is my room look at that
my own room nice shower so the reason
why we're up here is I want to tell you
that there is a new video on YouTube
just remember I guess it was two months
ago just before we went to Vegas for his
birthday we shot that video with that
little radar when I ran what happened is
that I lost the footage briefly but I
found it I found it and I added it on
the plane and it's going up now which
will be up when you see this I want
everyone if you want more footage to go
check out the new video it's basically
you know those videos where you know
where that movie was called bucket list
where you basically when you get older
before you die there's those things that
you want to do before you die like a
bucket list accomplishment like
skydiving or whatever running in front
of our radars
I just so happen to be one of my bucket
list things so I want you guys go check
it out and then tell me in the comments
what is on your bucket list what is the
number one thing you want to do before
you die so it'll be at the end of this
video go check it out
but I'm going to enjoy this awesome bed
and give Ally a call and see how she's
doing and I will see you guys tomorrow
wait what's wrong with these lines Alice
kind of dip down house is gonna eat me
alright so go check out the new video if
you can YouTube comes Charles Trippy I
really appreciate it and tell me
basically what are some things that you
want to do before you die I know it
sounds so morbid but seriously think
about it what are some things that you
want to do go over there check it out
let me know in the comments over there
and I will see you guys tomorrow I have
to go ask my knees because I completely
fell about a million times in that
paintball arena
alright goodnight love you baby miss you
there
Molly
