good morning Sam
has gone buddy is chilling apparently
they do have a Swedish Jersey Shore I
know a lot of you guys have had some
concerns for the go but I want to rest
assure that he's properly taken care of
and he's getting lots of attention Kate
karate chopping his head right now a lot
of food right there it's okay Sam is
okay and actually the place they got him
from this is he's actually having more
fun because he gets to hang out with a
lot of people and gets lots of food and
attention so don't worry you guys I'll
keep an eye on them what do you look at
prank house you might think it's just
like a simple thing but this this is
complex stuff okay Karen is a computer
genius and you guys can control these
remote control cars right and drive him
around the track and I was curious on
how he did it he takes out the receiver
plugged in a USB it converts everything
and puts it into boyer container alright
Jesse's gonna go for the record
kate has 13 flat I have 13 point - oh we
have Sam in the way wait
alright thanks Sam Sam moved on his own
all right ready you got you got to beat
13 flat we gotta start right here
I like fantastic just spoke up it's like
10 o'clock on Sunday what I'm gonna do
now I go back to bed after I don't fall
down these stairs okay there's the
jealousy anytime I make any move to pay
more attention to Zoey that I'm there I
am Tamar Lee she growls at me they're
ready set go
13 flat
new record 12 seconds
all right stick this baby outside
playing the punch buggy game exactly are
you from making this awkward
she's from are you from doing the punch
buggy game they do yellow card punch
buggy
you know Volta my VW Volkswagen like a
punch buggy so I can't really I can only
describe a punch buggy by saying a bunch
of oh yeah like a VW Beetle every time
we see a VW Beetle you say the car and
then you punch and then the car color
and you punch and then no punches back
but you just play with a yellow car
strange Bobby I don't have a wetsuit so
I couldn't go in and let's actually test
the water we're still cold it is
if it's anything like fetes is probably
freezing
yeah that is all that is frickin hole up
you ready tan better believe it
that fun turn
I think that's them right there hell yes
turn around let's see it
we just ran into what's your name w2
that's okay you have a Twitter yeah
Brittany Bailey with two A's in the
Bailey I think I've talked to you before
on Twitter actually your birthday was
two days ago
happy birthday everyone say happy
birthday in the comments to Brittany oh
wait am I gonna come can I get a
comparison shot can you pick up the
cheese ball please that is full of
cheese balls
we're going to try it like this one be
perfect right here you know like when
you have to stack rocks I think a lot of
hikers do it when they they want to
leave their mark on like a trail or
someplace in nature but you don't want
to like deface the land I don't know
what it's called you know what it's
called please let me know wow that's
like it's amazing can you do like that I
was filming sideways there we go oh I
know I'm trying to get rid of the sand
with can leave it alone leave it alone
oh no about freezing water
I really hope one of you guys actually
know what this is cause I have no idea
other than rock stacking rocks packing
all right we're attaching the GoPro just
a random board with no person attached
maybe a shark did it oh my god maybe a
shark is out there nope she's way out
there
Oh
those rocks aren't fun
and there we go I don't know if you can
tell how fat Marley's belly is right now
lay down Mar okay I'm just gonna show
you good belly
she ate so much food you did you ate so
you're bad girl I'm your girl Zoe no
don't like your job not you you it's
time to okay Zoe seriously
that way I guess she was thirsty so yeah
I hope you guys enjoyed by today dr. fan
I kind of struck out with dresses but
we're gonna keep looking don't you worry
we're gonna find one yeah so I'm Marley
got into a buttload of trouble
maybe I'll shoot Charles some other guys
in the prank house we'll see
Oh
she's busted into the skit
it goes tearing OH
you kind of got it
cuties yeah I don't think anyone saw it
you did
so Taryn just gave us news after
everyone got out of the water so what
was the story here oh the patient we've
been swimming on what is the beach
called again it's course San Onofre and
is famous for a giant power station and
a great white shark nurse so yeah who's
white population and they told us to
look up at a video just how do you spell
the SI n yeah just do that and then plus
shark on YouTube and you come up with
videos like this and you can see the
beach right there look close that great
white is there we go alright so they're
going in
we're gonna get them throughout the gun
so I promised the people of the internet
that I would eat this dragonfly if I got
the 500 followers on Twitter and I'm
about to eat it did you do it is you the
phone yeah
what is your Twitter huh what's your
Twitter I'll get you for my Twitter is
twitter.com slash Sydney rads SIV Andy
why are we gonna get a thousand oh if I
get a thousand followers eating five
five you know what though alright now I
feel like you're buying time let's eat
this thing you know that now that's one
film you'll never ever kiss a girl ever
again because Sam's upset spit it out
dude protein protein your face that was
good
I'm eating a dragonfly that's been out
for it his teeth see his teeth there's
dragonfly parts in his teeth right there
it tastes kind of like cardboard like it
doesn't really taste like give this man
a beer and it guess it's okay it's
alright hey welcome to break house this
is so they hired me to come in to prank
house and pick up go to oh you just drop
some do the I think it's a scraper
what's up Sam
do you get hungry after that one we're
good
I think Matt's gonna clog up the shower
this is
oh my god see if you guys think this is
a joke
these guns hurt this is the heart shot
Team Blue is going down this side
pretend like your moustache is my
moustache in terms of the paintballs or
in terms of now we're gonna we're gonna
go to this I got pranks oh ma you been
Team Edward right now I'm covered in
sparkles let's see what you know every
one of the Internet is wanting to do
this before
a feeling Charles I got shot in the head
look at that oh we're good you seem to
think that I'm a mole be a mole you
was
