morning everyone so we are now heading
over to Melbourne Australia and I wanted
to say last night but it was first it's
like the hottest days that we're leaving
that suppose days and the cyclone thing
is supposed to come today as I was
talking about yesterday and it started
to rain right now so here's hoping we
can actually get our plane and get there
because I think live a show to today I
actually never heard of a side part of a
cyclone but I never knew exactly what
was everyone here at the mean dude was
like oh no you know it's just like a
hurricane
you guys got those naturally I'm
thinking hurricane okay it's not that
nonchalant specially on an island so
we're in the middle of a cyclone right
now I get to kick that off my little my
things that I've done and here we go
time to get on another plane right
doesn't it all the all the screens is
everywhere oh my god Christmas train the
numbers ring great historian soon
obviously it's been 2 years and I'm not
quite sure what's around here Oh would
you want me to come outside I see what's
going on you're like mom I don't want to
come in I want to show you that I have a
whole bunch of bones out here what do
you have what is that get it kid
oh where you going I'm gonna go inside
I'll see you later though shouldn't even
care she just wanted me to come outside
so she could show me that she has a bone
and she's gonna go sit in that corner Oh
nope too close all right I just got done
filming a video of her the alley west
channel it'll be up very very soon you
want to see the real life of a vlogger
looks like I'm put together right and
then I got my night shorts on
I know all tricks but these guys decided
halfway through my filming that they
wanted to come up here and hang out I
gotta go take this makeup off and I'm
going to probably go to the gym get a
little exercise in take these for a w.a
ok these little poops for a waa ok then
who knows what happened so here's that
Brisbane kind of seems like just like a
very metropolis a lot more cement this
building trying to say so obviously you
guys have been not living under a rock
and you've heard this thing called
Bitcoin or like coin or theorem all that
stuff while I was walking to get some
food and I found this burrito place it
just so happened to take bitcoins so I
want to try to buy my first thing ever
with a big hi we are travelling rod Tori
now and I see the consent Bitcoin how
does that work here ok let's try this
what is the Satoshi to us see like how
much is a de brito cost a big boy
$10 so that would be all right so we're
gonna do this what's your name
amber
it's about less news you guys Frank even
dollars okay $10 and citations I'm a
nerd juice on your screen I just have to
go through that whole blockchain thing
and like how long does it take the
confirm straw
I wouldn't use bitch one
the other ones are garbage
they're like kinda it's garbage so
aetherium see it's only point zero zero
eight for Satoshi so I just got the big
point still a lot of people do this
this is gonna be one of those things
where I look back into burritos and
coffee punches like $50
the pain in the ass yeah I think I'm
like why forty minutes later I buy a
burrito with a big point it's the future
man it's the future there's very slow
watch I'm with I would like withdraw to
bitcoins and Senators burrito place
yeah I gotta check there's so many
security things right guarantee glad you
came and did this space money no no just
tell you but enough be the first
purchase I ever deal with it if it goes
oh you're gonna buy for burritos regular
cash I think that's great
forty minutes later it's going through
the blockchain right now so for those
who you have no idea this is what we
call space monkey money and monkeys
monkey space cash is what uh Frank Evo's
to call it I wanted to test it because I
bought a little bit just to see what's
going on I wanted to see how this clean
the space money work and apparently it's
more of a can be gas and I thought it
was because what it has to do is got to
get confirmations through block chains
and then once it goes through the block
chains it usually has to take four to
six confirmation so what we're gonna see
how long it sounds right now 2:54 I mean
because it's a variable so I mean
give you X amount for that in like two
months it could be worth even more so
that burrito of my classmate hundred
dollars later yeah it's crazy
well after that a little bit of a trial
and error we've got three burritos using
Bitcoin
Monkeyface money is a real thing however
it is not very practical right now this
is the first time I've ever purchased
anything with a Bitcoin or form a
Bitcoin and it worked so we'll see what
happens in the future so I have been
running around all freaking day
hi hi hi oh my gosh do you not get
enough attention I against him like I
said I've been running around like a
crazy person all day I've been trying
this new like workout thing to sleep
here well Charles is gone once I get
free time I wanted to like kind of
integrate a different type of workout
regimen and I've been doing it for like
three days and I feel the difference in
my lower area it's very intense right
now so if I look like I'm walking a
little weird that's more than likely why
so I was talking to my friend Shelley
yeah my friend Julie cuz she's getting
married and we're trying to plan her
bachelor party we're trying to figure
out she's so kind she she wants it to be
convenient for everybody which I can
totally respect until they understand
because weddings and bachelorette
parties can be very expensive one thing
that I love that my sister did is she
found a place
she said hey this how much place is
gonna cost we just want you to throw him
for gas for food and for alcohol and
then whatever else you're responsible
for but we made it like she made it
really really easy to the point and
inexpensive which I totally respect me
and I really appreciate it stop it so
we're trying to do the same thing for
Julie is a bachelorette party because a
lot of people are gonna be coming out of
town and we don't know exactly where
we're gonna do it we're the you know
Florida was thinking of aigis we're
thinking of New Orleans were thinking
like Miami Keys a cruise which obviously
all of those places are not necessarily
inexpensive what we're trying to make it
the most reasonable trip I don't know
how to explain it anyways but we still
want to be fun it's a bachelor party
today Shelley and I have been going
crazy trying to figure that out and then
I don't know I'm just kind of
kind of just like catching up on things
emails and filming at my channel which
I'm actually doing pretty decent I'm
putting up videos go figure who would
have thought that all it takes is a new
year for me to start doing things like
Ollie a space money burrito you staying
there you go to the venue quit following
me so it's official guys that currency
though it takes a long time actually
buys things granted like I was saying
earlier since it's a variable kind of
currency right now there's really
nothing regulating it but that cost me
20 something dollars worth a Bitcoin so
what's this fast-forward I don't want to
know you know like a year two years or
something like that how much this
burrito just cost me I wanted to do just
that kind of see educational purposes so
we all learned something I actually
bought something
go away what was your game plan again
alright this stage is completely
different from yesterday this is a
background and everything boy boy boy
trying to think of strands like when we
they're covering that we have to
introduce an American they're like give
me a cheeseburger well I think it's like
when you say a boot that's a fries this
is offensive
are y'all when people say you're all but
the thing is I don't think you can
really offend Americans by accent yeah
we walk into everything yes sweetie
would you like some sweet egg that's not
like offensive it's like yes all of you
like yeah I would like some sweet tea I
know it's really cool it's like a hanger
yep
you'd hang your clothes right there
at the other hotel I lost my good
toothbrush but mr. Duncan over there
being the awesome tour manager he is
okay that's this okay mr. Duncan Johnson
this guy over here not you you just look
you got me a toothbrush Thank You doc
working hard there friends on that this
portrait of all the duck and Frankie
dream team over here dream team guys
interrogating them up
and the cleanup begins it's nice and
quiet again say no one was ever here but
they were and it was crazy no and I know
you were a homer thing well guys as you
can see today it was a pretty amazing
show I think today was a pretty
interesting day actually I never ever
even thought I could buy stuff with
Bitcoin and stuff like that so my
question to you today is I want you guys
to tell me in the comments if you think
that form of currency will be the one
that takes over everything or if you
think it's just gonna crash and burn or
whatever I just want to know your
opinions because for those people that
says oh it's just fake blah blah but
here's the funny thing it's like when I
paid for the burrito it was worth like
twelve thousand dollars for a full
Bitcoin and obviously it was point zero
zero one like I don't even know what it
was it was like super small it's like
you know twenty bucks fifteen bucks what
I'm trying to say is it dropped since
the show so that means the people who
accepted my burrito money ended up
losing money so I don't know I thought
it was kind of interesting anyway so I
want you guys to tell me in the comments
have a little discussion I personally
have no idea it could it could not I
don't know it'll be definitely
interesting in the next few years to see
what happens it's an interesting concept
I think it's interesting that's what I
am all about technology and just I'm
fascinated by things like that anyway
I'll stop talking about it don't forget
to subscribe guys tomorrow we are going
to I kept screwing it up we are going to
Melvin Amell born tomorrow so the last
couple days I've been screwing up we are
tomorrow
so I will see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe and
honey I know you're editing this right
now and I love you and I miss you very
much
Oh an Internet I miss you guys too but
I'll see you tomorrow bye guys
