today we're going to do something a
little bit different I think we're going
to go hiking or try to go hiking for the
problem is we only have a good backpack
and I only have flip-flops and my good
adidas and so I need to come thank God
for this rock I'm being not an ad but
seriously if they want help the CTFxC I
would not say no so I need to find some
cheap boots so that way I stay safe and
not compris I really hope you don't want
to find a place where I can fly the
drone that's not in this area because I
feel like that they probably met the
states there they flying a drone
hey old school fuel getting ready for a
trip got off the water bought a new
backpack got some shoes got a Sophie
educational we got sunscreen a bad but
he came to me falling off a cliff so if
we can grab a single handedly and lift
us up yeah yeah over here a climb over
that was a bug spray so Ali's kids away
from that dengue returned a bunch of
them but I wanted to find one that you
know Gani Valentina could do and I found
this one there's two of them there's
this one but I really wanted to do but I
think it's too dangerous cream enough to
go was the great is like nine out and
it's done like that danger level but it
was actually pretty sweet this one's a
little bit I thought dogs are babies
on the trail but being a father I don't
talk about the kid that's why we're not
just hoping a thing does yeah well it
has like those little lizards that have
three horns on it too which I'm pretty
stoked on where I got an idea
will we die in this trail better not
tell you now we'll we got in this trail
as I see it yeah well this is the first
trail we're going to try I know I'll
call the tree
how many Raptors can really you before
scheme it's pretty gnarly the camera
does no justice to this thing at all
your god tuck it's so beautiful
is but if a raptor comes you're
protecting me okay yeah I'll tell you
run that way and I'll go the other way
you go north uncle Sal they'll probably
get you and still come back and gave me
no doubt who would laugh on him what do
you think you're right I don't know in
the jungle look good baby
we looked there's like a million and one
different like waterfalls and stuff what
we wanted to do one that you know
Valentina can go and that's it's not our
first one because there was one we were
going to do with Cao Cao Lu something
like that ka ' au crater which is but
not the thing is I didn't want to do it
either because it was equivalent to six
or seven miles way too long and I feel
like this would be just as beautiful to
do that's so cool hello I love how
everything in Hawaii just reminds me of
like sloth and Jurassic Park mainly
because obviously both those things were
actually filmed here if you didn't know
I'm sure you did though there is thought
we lost selfie already this is
incredible
this was the last time we saw any Duncan
alive oh he got him a wild Danny
Duncan anyway do it for the vlog yeah we
got to get to one of those do it for the
vlog that you'd be a perfect candidate
right now which one are you wearing
today it's effective we're having a
moment Charles with your Jurassic Park
theme song look at it look at our
surrounding game I know it's beautiful
thing how do you have that replaying
that quick it's all my story so just
keep it like Ali does it look like a
metaphor for you one pink flower and a
sea of green your individuality you're
like a you're your own unique snowflake
what about with big bugs honor that
probably should do as much so Mike a
planning it's so beautiful I just love
it I was like looking forward to a hard
time finishing the thing is this does no
justice on the camera you're probably
gonna hear
I don't know but I want to climb it
Oh
Oh
mark or mark or are those nails check
take your hand on it well this is
definitely squirrel-proof Danny compress
this letter 'trouble this is the end of
it notice is that where we're supposed
to be wait no is it all the way back -
yeah why are you following picture or
something that's why you can feel me
jump on this no I know this is insane
as trail leaders ah you you leave a
trail
whoa you got one thrown yo are you sure
naturally nope nope is another way Danny
and I are just going the wrong way
wow this might be the way the cooler way
because there's a trail right there and
there's like 500 people going up and
down this is awesome I don't know let's
start counting the rings every can see
it really in this it's one is all the
Sophie hahaha not even close
I appreciate the compliment how do you
think one microphone works don't worry
for Danny sell and kill the screams LCD
screen but I got a kill screen guys Dali
prints which is sure the case I have
this case so I can hold like a
microphone and screen the case save the
camera has its pretty Kirk that's that's
that's gnarly
that's good gnarly good God please meet
us two days in a row we got some nerves
going on well you know pretty brow so I
like that are you doing back there
sounds crazy as it actually was when
we're in coming up but still pretty
beautiful Wow spiderweb there the trees
balls right there so far away very
unique
little nubs oh there there puppy and
he's gone see what this snapchat do you
think they grew that sowed like connect
like that or you think it naturally did
that feel like is natural how do they
grow it to do that well you you put and
kind of like weave them together and
then over time they looks like it was
awesome I sit down here so it's all cut
slight oh yeah just probably all
together yeah so they made it look like
it shake full yet little little
dangerous but pretty sweet it's a little
slippery
I want to be there so cool
fine - Orpheus Ross to get you better
light beautiful beautiful ruler this
waterfall audience just doesn't do it
any justice
right now charge time to slide the drama
I'm not harvesting a brilliant idea in
the world because this pretty low GPA so
I'm going with the excitement now on
that look how beautiful that is
God Oh cotton that gorgeous all right so
finding those planes everywhere in for
spelling that they do not cross and do
not have everyone's doing anyways we're
not encouraging it but I get why I'm
here because the bail if that beautiful
- upon yeah I love it
blowing some
kind of cool we can go all over those
mountains right there and then 20
minutes I'm swimming that like 50
minutes like uber ride be right back on
the beach oh hey I heard you here
what's on your head a camera on my face
oh my hey oh my head
all your fault oh that's fine Apple yeah
I'm going to take that big chunk right
there okay travis has caught us dinner
for tonight yeah thanks Rob beautiful
deco the grave
very nice moving definitely not moving
yeah so these are your fish tacos huh
yeah it's very live so you know you're
just going to give yourself don't really
let me know
trouble spelling out back you know
here's me right here the first I don't
know I did teacher like that I was
already dead and not so fish so the boys
going to take their payload oh it's
really nice and we all good to like be
here together
good night I mean
and as soon as you get outside and it
starts raining but I guess we're in the
ocean so it doesn't really matter too
much but at the same time it does make
everything so much colder alcohol they
watch me then they were cool put the wet
hey watch me you visually lose I've
drowned
so tonight he's on that awesome
restaurant ish place so we're taking
Danny in Valentina oh by the way with my
Hawaiian shirt Danny and I are matching
today right bro our bra waiting shocking
Oh knock it off
Jeff github brah now it's the Windy
interesting some silky one it's not the
very starchy one right collar keeps
popping up and making it look like that
that Tiger day two of our Hawaiian
adventures complete we got to see a
waterfall hopefully we'll see more of
them while we're here
tomorrow is the show I was working on
some of your sighted yeah Ally's excited
so you should be excited the cool thing
about this show is that it started at
750 people and then it sold out and how
much I can't breathe I don't know all I
know is that there's more ticket so if
you're in Hawaii please come come to the
show do it at any rate the video don't
go on I'm try so gonna go over there go
over there hey I'll see you guys
tomorrow don't worry I will film pretty
much the entire show if you guys aren't
yet okay hope you're enjoying the Hawaii
blogs if you guys have to try :
nice sorry pardon I'm rambling too much
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
bye guys good night
