hey guys date number two to try to find
some costumes maybe Ali should dress
like a pumpkin this year or maybe a sexy
witch I've never realized how many
different types of paper there are for
your printer
which one you get have you ever really
noticed that Halloween costumes per
gender per age group are just like in
complete opposites so for example most
I'd say probably a teenager's two adult
costumes for a male they're like these
gory like bloody things and then you go
to little kids they're like the most
adorable things like you have like a
witch or a pumpkin or a cow right really
cute really adorable and then you go to
the woman's and you have like that same
witch but now she's slut a fied I don't
think I've ever seen any girl Halloween
costume that isn't somewhat slutty I
guess I'm not really complaining I just
was baffled but I'm trying to find those
costumes because the other place didn't
have it yesterday and I leave tomorrow
for LA I always get really nervous
before I have to get on an airplane
over the past couple years I've been
having to fly you know a lot for YouTube
in my job but every time I fly get
really nervous this time I brought a lot
of modern family a lot of it's always
sunny and 30 rock to watch on the plane
to calm my nerves great punch buggy no
punches back do you guys have any
suggestions other than drug myself on
how to calm down on an airplane please
let me know that's a pretty sweet whale
over it they're so cool
clowns are so scary this melody
using
Halloween store number two see see what
I'm talking about
bloody police officer bloody prison girl
alright guys so I completely forgot to
put this in the yesterday's vlog so I'm
doing it today
two years ago rhett and Link did a
supernote contest and I was a team
captain and we came and I don't think it
was exactly were like behind Shay Shay
ended up winning last year so this year
I want the CTFxC army to destroy
everybody it's all it's all in good fun
but seriously okay this is what you got
to do we have to make a video response
to this video and you have to basically
do a do a note you have to sing a note
it can't be like a growl like oh it's
got to be like
and see who can hold it the longest so
what I want it can't be any editing it's
got to be just a straightforward video
record yourself doing a note saying I
pledge to be on the CTFxC team which is
our team obviously and I think the
longest gets a bunch of cool prizes you
can check out the annotation here and
all the rules and the links to all the
rules are down here my hair all goofed
up
so without further ado is that am I
saying that right I do further I do that
right is that wrong what is it how you
said you made yeah okay ready
we should get Marley on Marley you want
to be on our team yeah we have to do it
we have to do it first and then we have
to have you guys pledge to be on our
team and then do it Hey
okay Shea I know Shea is using the baby
he's the only team with a baby but we're
the only team with two singing dogs so
oh oh so there though there's more
incentives so we don't win good job good
job good job Zoey one two three
I got a good butter okay all right so
that's our super dough now watch you
guys to post your video response to your
super
all right it's time to say goodbye to
the model rocket see you later dude I
can't see how big it is there you go is
that appropriate yep totally all right
good girl Oh watch out it's her stick
watch out oh jeez oh jeez
that dog is so floppy go mighty go I've
honestly never seen Riley chase the dog
that was amazing
hey guys get have in the action bar just
like um what the hell are they doing
Goethe Marley get him Riley yeah I think
this guy's had enough he's done don't
trick hey Eddie
yes hey way to go man Ali soars like a
girl all right yeah I know
white dog on the field miss Zoey just
wants the bat wait what the heck just my
Twitter talking to me we're gonna go see
the social network it's gonna be kind of
interesting I'm not really sure what to
expect but I am stoked that Jesse
Eisenberg's in it
what oh yeah I'm that stoked if we got
to like the car there we go
it's actually pretty packed isn't it you
think it's gonna get moving
yeah I keep thinking if it's gonna be
like Paris to Silicon Valley but we'll
see alright so we just got out of the
movie Oh guys on that the door we just
got out of the social network and on the
110 scale right now I would say that
with a okay because I'm such a dweeb is
too nerd as far as concept and a story a
10 as far as movie wise I say it was
about like a seven no what do you think
it was a great movie I didn't know half
that stuff that actually happened with
the whole Facebook case it's really
funny I always make the connection and
it was kind of funny I'm not gonna it's
not really a spoiler but like Bill Gates
is briefly in it I don't even know if it
really is him I thought it was really
interesting because Bill Gates did the
exact same thing with Steve Jobs and
everyone else the Steve Jobs do the
exact same thing with everyone else so I
just thought it was kind of interesting
that the Zuckerberg that's what he did
do we are all of you cuz you're on
YouTube and you chances are you're
probably on Facebook we are the
generation that is going to redefine how
people interact with each other your
kids your kids that's all they're gonna
know we least you know kind of knew some
other different way and there's still
some people on the fence this is the
coolest part of the movie that I thought
again nerdiest part where they were
showing as he was developing it you know
they're showing all the old headers and
how it used to look and they had an
about page and all that stuff I remember
that because I was on Facebook at o4 and
that's even funnier if they were talking
about LiveJournal that was the thing
that was Oh 302 I would I would
definitely say to go see that movie if
you are all interested in the Internet
in general but um yeah so now we're
gonna go get some food
and then I go home and pack because I
have a - I don't have to leave out what
my plan is like in the afternoon I think
so
then it's LA don't go he's sad they
create a snake
do that snake move
see I can handle that type of snake
it's very lifeless giving caterpillars
now for the fun part
packing you gotta find a suitcase which
one do I go with well pissed are packing
get some sleep
I'm always so nervous before a flight
can never sleep well I have to take a
look at melatonin or something like that
so I'm gonna go get some sleep you guys
I will see you tomorrow morning
