these things right here captures these
are the things that make me hate the
Internet I hate these things the ones
that are on YouTube are pretty good and
the ones that are myspace are okay but
these ones right here where you can
barely tell what's going on and then you
spend another 10 minutes I'm trying to
unsubscribe from the mailing list and
now I'm still frustrated I'm just gonna
stay subscribed such a pain in the ass
ha success so I'm just chatting up in
the comments of today's video this is
actually why I wanted to talk to you
guys really quickly it's tom has to do
with these little doohickeys the
annotations reminding people to thumb up
a video why Charles why do you ask that
I'll tell you okay so here's the deal
the reason why I self che and pretty
much every youtuber has that little
annotation to remind you to click thumbs
up it's because I'll by the way that's
not the rocket we lost in the tree was
the other one that's a spiral one anyway
the reason why they do that is because a
lot of people that are watched videos on
YouTube I know a lot of you guys
watching now don't even have a youtube
account you usually just you know to
come back to this channel every single
day but here's the thing if you go and
click Sign Up you can make your own
YouTube account you don't have to upload
videos but what you can do is you can go
to your favorite channels and hit
subscribe and then every time I upload a
video Shay WheezyWaiter anyone anytime
one of us upload the video to go into a
subscription box you don't have to like
keep up with everyone's pages it does it
for you Oh like again if you don't have
an account just to sign up then come
back and hit subscribe it's right here
on top of the video and then you'll
always get notifications reason why we
do the thumbs-up thing is because a lot
of people again like subscription they
don't know you can click thumbs up what
that does is it helps our community
based growth it's not only good for my
videos your videos put youtube in
general so yes that is why I say blah
blah blah blah thumbs up this video or
some other weird thing that I right with
it to remind you and if everybody CTFxC
or that watches this video just takes
that one second and click thumbs up we
will grow the CTFxC army will grow into
this massive awesomeness pile of
Awesomeness so that is my long-winded
answer on why I do those annotations if
if you already knew this you are
obviously a YouTube leet hacks or if not
you are you tube nube but it's okay
because with the help of the CTFxC army
you will become a YouTube lead hack
sword there you go your take over
YouTube now hopefully that answers all
your questions except maybe this one why
does it
of five thousand comments and two
thousand thumbs up and only 314 views
that 1 i'm just gonna face who DC
was Melissa for that rally and I'm going
to NASA she has to cancel her shuttle
launch invitation so she asked me last
time we should go to bed if she could if
I could like basically write a note on
the mirror and this is what i came up
with them when i woke up ali added more
to it basically it's a nice little space
shuttle that's how we write notes in
this house alright I'll go check the p.o
box Zoe I can we get down to source nope
act like a dinosaur rawr roars okay be
Chuck Norris oh you chuck norris my arm
okay roundhouse kick roundhouse kick
riders kick 00 today is Thursday well
I'm recording on Thursday and that means
i'll put up mail so i just headed over
to the post office to pick up a couple
things and now i got to go to I gotta go
to a costume shop because they had to
get a couple costumes before I got to LA
I'm actually gonna be shooting a video
when I'm out there with Corey mr. safety
genuine joe my good friend Christabel 28
it's gonna be a really good video trust
me this is probably this this idea I've
had for like a year and I am so so
stoked to finally get to do this I
didn't want basically half acid I wanted
to make sure this is really good so I
with Corey helping me on this it's gonna
look really awesome so I know good
costumes to bring that to California the
reason why I'm going to California is
I'm going to be on a show a reality show
type thing called prank house and I
think you guys have been hearing about
it you guys remember shoot the banker it
was like last year i believe Corey and
myself it was like the second or third
day of the vlogs and it's basically a
remote-controlled paintball gun where
you guys can just shoot a paintball gun
at me through your computer well it's
the same thing but on a huge level
basically a bunch of youtubers living in
a house there's like I don't I think
this is there like 20
you can look at us and see what we're
doing you can interact with us you can
call us you could um shoot paintballs
you can others like there's a goat
apparently there's alive go I don't know
what the reason is then I hope he
doesn't get caught but there's a cool
little goat named Sam but i'll be out
there from the forces until the 9th of
october so if you want to be able to see
what we're doing and actually shoot me
the links in the sub are you can
download the app is for the back in the
pc eventually they'll have it for the
android and iphone but right now it's
mac and pc you can download it for free
and check it out so i want all the CTFxC
army to shoot me with a paintball gun so
go and download the app like I said it's
free and if I think it's a free trial
right now and then if you use a coupon
code I think all that information is
down there you get the tokens for a
discounted price so go check it out so
download the free app go play around
check out the cameras I think my friend
SIDS actually on it now is the beta and
you can actually shoot him while you're
waiting and maybe see Sam so yeah that's
why I'm gonna be in LA don't worry a Leo
still send her footage and she'll still
be in the vlogs just like normal we went
through an entire four months in Spain
we can do it for a week it'll be good so
that I can see a beautiful face every
day oh I'm so sweet but I scare you
think she's gonna go for that one first
okay Ali is a police officer your police
officer ok wait there that's a good
police officer
your jailbird getting arrested know your
pick pocketing the cop yeah yeah you
have three hands they're gangster with a
cigar on your left left side that's good
I think it's a flapper typing yes that's
peek I say yeah big moves you make that
face okay nice nice I think you're like
a zombie but the same face is a big boob
girl all right like that's good okay
you're the Grim Reaper he doesn't have a
face I guess that's a good one I think
it's a severed head all right where'd
you go
nice look at this this is the donnie
darko mask oh I think that was the first
time we've ever been to this place and
they didn't have what we needed it's ok
we get it online Ali got scared though
his name's Joey works there he's always
helping yeah he's a makeup artist I kind
of ignored it like I felt like someone
was following me but I just kind of let
it go because that place is cramped
sounds like whatever ok this is not
happening i can't even move let's take a
minute for the the lost rocket take a
minute for the loss rockin camera this
is how low that was legitimate fear of
my eyes on that one this is I screwed up
yesterday I went and got some more
rockets and we are going to a place that
there are no trees no a whole trees and
hopefully no pterodactyls I was reading
the comments and you guys think I'm like
MacGyver you're like get up get a remote
control helicopter and fly it up to
detach it the other one was get a bamboo
stalk I think that's what they call
bamboo stalk the stick and pole vault up
there that was my favorite one alright
so we are that blinking dot right there
we have to take a right on paul russell
road isn't it where the cell phones
could tell you exactly where you are
like that slowly big brother do you know
where we're going do you even know where
we're going
that's like it
just kept bakery let's try this place oh
this feels perfect now the only thing
that to worry about is it going in mia
the road this was actually where the
roller derby was all right you ready
what's your prediction do you think
we're gonna lose it again take two you
guys didn't think I'd go out like that I
don't think we're gonna pack the
parachute this time so that way it's not
going to be caught on anything it's kind
of scary wind right there yeah this
thing's not coming back totally gonna
lose I pull this apart with the holes
the holes won't get script too much will
they turn up well Oh Shh watch a real
pterodactyl comes that would be scary as
hell that would be hilarious huh where's
the camera you're slightly adjusted our
launch site yeah I just keeps thinking
of Zoe's eyes I know guys ok what's the
problem oh boy with the I oh I couldn't
get the engine all and can get it in no
can get it all the way in tinted it in
three two one go Oh God
oh that's a that was a crash oh oh of
course out of the entire field the
entire field and lands on the cement
wait it's still good it's so good sort
of I think we can still launch this
camera still there though we can watch
that again wait no I lift the nose up
you see at the end of the nose I don't
feel like you can launch that oh we can
launch that again all right what do you
what do you think happened what do you
think happened do you think it actually
filmed that crash I hope so oh my god we
should have been filming it for like
face forward that would it looks so cool
five myself India pride myself in my
taping abilities there's a flip dissing
footage no no it's drag it to your
desktop that's awful oh my gosh okay
we're gonna cut to the footage now good
luck Internet
what it works that your victory dance
keep going and get it I think we need to
do it again I think I think it's pretty
much jacked up San realize we keep
launching at these stupid fire ants
won't get off the cotton thingy so
they're just gonna end up going into
space if they don't get out they're
gonna be the first ants in space okay i
will let you do it ready 3 2 well what
happened okay 3 2 1 0 the rocket has
exploded that
Wow yeah this thing is done now we have
to launch it one more time did it work
it's importing all right let's cut to
the footage of the disaster
hey
one
this is this is the problem here so we
have one more rocket so we are going to
MacGyver this thing macGruber it we're
gonna macGruber I like that it's a lot
better the photo has been awesome so far
looks pretty I don't know why it has
that yellow thing but the time/date
marker thing is obviously not 2008 or is
it Charles has arrived rocket hahaha I
feel like a role in the comments now
that we're rocking how many days did I
spend them is like a while he worked
very hard on it and it just dies in an
instant yeah but it had a good run okay
yeah it go different directions so be
keep an eye on this thing Eddie's three
I don't know where it's gonna go to one
whoa
oh it blew up
wow that's serious oh dear oh my god I
got a wish i had the rocket on the
camera facing forward good look at this
this thing is a holy mackerel just want
it you want this or should we just throw
it away oh my god will word that is
hilarious looks like my nose I like I'm
being really careful about taking I'm
like wait wait I don't want to ruin it
footage well we finally did it we
finally launched the camera into the not
space the fake space and we destroyed a
rocket a rocket is no longer a rocket
but garbage she got to feel like the
story yesterday of a pterodactyl
stealing a rocket that's why I didn't
film it was a lot better than what just
happened think I got the best wine ever
cheap red wine lab housewife Cabernet
that's pretty sweet too I can't tell
which one's better I should do something
bad wait here's the best part I'm
looking at this and I'm saying wait
eminem's why are they still intact but
haha she got to this first oh my gosh
she's free yeah I'm sure she just
flipped anyway so if you want to see us
opening up all these boxes wait to the
end of the video or just looking the
video responses it'll be the unboxing
for today and you can see what crazy
things we got this week for you newbies
like I was talking about earlier we make
a separate video with all the boxes that
we're opening because there's so many as
you can see there's just a ton right
here and I want to make sure to show
everybody so I rather than having like a
45-minute vlog we do that so we can
split it up so the links in the
description will be at the end of the
video you'll find it don't worry even if
you're new I felt bad not showing up
this is actually from Tracy and she she
sent us a new beanie and she made these
I wanted to show to a turtle and
an iPod oh yes so I thought this was
really cool i wanted to show you i just
felt bad because this one over here yeah
you you a tour package you ate the
package huh I don't wake your tail so
that's it right here making delicious
dinner for the win look at you like a
little surf hot tub this is all I'm
doing I'm stirring fake mashed potatoes
my favorite like the real ones when you
actually spend like hours making them
but I don't have time for that
unfortunately due to weak I had to show
you guys I hit the sneak distance to the
regular video okay Ali I'm just gonna
pan over to ally right now this is the
coolest thing I've ever seen it's a
giant shag pillow it's called a car
stash carstache com sent it to us will
you look like Frieda so I just wanted to
show you guys this if you want to see
more of all the crazy stuff it'll be in
the opening mail vlog but this is this
is going on a wall I don't even think I
want to put this on my no I don't you
want to put this on the car I want to
keep this on our wall forever Zoey you
want to mustache I can only wish I could
sleep as well this is so funny to me
before I go to bed I wanted to tell you
this dream that I had last night I know
most people don't remember dreams when I
wake up cuz what is it like a dream
happens like a split second before you
actually wake up or something like that
i'm not really sure but okay here's my
dream Ali and I were driving the dogs
were in the back this is really strange
i just told it the halle and our we're
driving with our windows down and all of
a sudden two pigs kind of like flu or
jumped over a fence and went in front of
our car right since our windows down
that a baby pig about the sizes mark
like size of Marley came in through the
window and landed Ali's laps we didn't
know what to do but then Marley really
liked the pink so we're like we should
keep the pig and we named him Sherman
Sherman the pig I don't know what I was
thinking okay so then we took him home
and it was a really smart Pig it was
like it walked around about you know are
we have to we had a house in the dream
but like walked around a house play with
the dogs the pig was really clean with
something like a dirty pig went outside
that once the bathroom of the docs it
was so strange and then I woke up like
the funniest part is like we didn't know
the legality of owning a pig like a
domestic Pig like as if it was that
illegal to have a pig so we had to hide
it from everybody that we'd never had a
pig we like dressing up like a dog and
it was weird it was a very strange dream
and I thought I'd share it with you can
you top that did have you had have you
ever had a really strange dream and you
actually remembered it and you woke up
and you were like what the hell was I
thinking I was definitely one of them
hey guys how's the vlog is over you can
click right here and go to the unboxing
or opening of the mail that you guys
said we should do so it's going to be a
separate video just click here and you
can go see some of the crazy things that
we got in the mail this week so just
click right there to click it you didn't
click it yet cuz you're still listening
you guys can click it and come back and
listen to the theme song after okay see
you guys tomorrow
miss you
or steak
baby
I get you
come
william only
you
