you ready Zoe you ready to open some
stuff yeah again a reminder guys please
save your money save your money and go
buy the new Dead Rising or halo although
you can get dog toys they like the dog
toys - one I think there's no rocket
here all right we got a tube this is
from Kelly Smith that's why you were
sniffing there what's it say Charles and
Allie Zoe CTFxC and Marley that's
awesome it's always like can I have
those too many things Marley - Mary
you're missing out you're missing out
straight to it she asks us a bunch of
questions the first one was what is our
favorite bands - strung out Weezer we
met online if you watch one of our vlogs
is called internet loving it's actually
called internet loving I think is what
it's our story so you can watch that Zoe
was very cute on petfinder.com and you
actually were very calm actually here's
the funny thing
Marley just had she was just spayed and
so she was really mellow and smells like
she's a really mellow dog she'll go
perfect with Zoey two or three days
later she started flipping out and then
I realized she was a spaz wait you for
the awesome dog really look at all this
food
what's this the t-shirt Oh ways they're
like a graduating class Oh probably like
a twat Twilight oh yeah it was probably
like a UH was it a screening or
something you really want that dog food
oh yeah this is Zoey
that's excellent good job who's that
front doesn't have a name I gotta find
the name it's Katie I a Kate Katya Katya
Katya w sorry for saying you're wrong
actually totally guys just excellent
yeah great we've got a macro on that
action looks as though he's Google yet
so there's that dude you guys are gonna
get your nose like chopped off this from
Al this is from Al this is going near
your head she's put her nose on that
okay
she's like I can get that a lot of fast
you're in timeout
this is Al's business card for his
YouTube uh I forgot I should have
ordered those when YouTube was given a
free business cards they're so cool
again all right this is from Leanne from
Georgia from Georgia leap from
man strength what on earth are you doing
yeah I'm ready okay it's Quasimodo see I
can't really see York creep you are a
creep City USA right now a little
roflcopter let's um Japan oh oh Japan 10
times more these are those barcodes that
you can scan have you heard about those
really there's like um you can scan them
and get information about them oh cool
what is that a condom it is
it's a condom paper clip and it comes
with a little penis paper clip that is
hilarious and they made this mm thank
you
this is from Det denell Daniel Daniel
ass Dan you know Danielle or Danelle
yeah I'm sorry I had to be immature and
make Ali cover just the SS part oh my
god I have to do it let's again I'm one
of the old school packaging oh wow
that's hand-painted I feel bad opening
nice time sit down have you the coats
cover that is on you that's awesome I
feel bad now Zoe Marley
Oh what is this what is all this stuff
there's like a bunch of things the most
annoying thing ever
what is that what is that get a Zoey oh
oh oh it's a skunk
look at her she's doing the bug eyes
again yeah screw that thing destroy it I
was like I would like the penis wait
there Marley you can have the skunk
oh she made that one too or he made that
one I it's a black girl name I think it
is a girl name okay I'm sorry here's the
skunk what the skunk there you go
actually you know what I've always
wanted a pet skunk I heard that if you
get them like dee dee stinka fied
they're actually like cats but cooler I
don't know for the longest time I was
one of the pet skunk or a pet squirrel
1970s pop rock edition is it from 1970s
it's made in Spain did you know that pop
rocks are made in Spain yeah Marley
you're gonna leave that one to me learn
that she's collected from her summer
travels so the vuvuzela is from Paris
the bracelets are from fourth of July
Hawaii what about this nail clipper she
was an Amsterdam for the World Cup and
that's what's on the flash drive
she got to go to the World Club that
woke up wait this is the footage from it
uh-huh
let's cut to that
they're playing the game so I thought
I'd share this with you guys there's
just so many
responsibilities
there we go we're at the top of the
Eiffel Tower we've officially made it
you were gonna scare the crap out of
Marly she has no idea what's in store
for that sound like a cheap one that's
that's hardcore
she's already running y'all see you guys
later
having problems they're really difficult
it's not a collapsible one that I guess
all right test it out you think it's
scared
good job all right this is from Nazareth
if that is Massa this is the biggest
biggest page yeah you have a big fat guy
I have a big ever huge packet title the
video uh-huh this pretty hardcore
actually is it a kid
it is a kid it's a custom GFX see guitar
old one this that is awesome CTFxC
guitar attitude dear Charles and future
alloy trippin hey Charles now you guys
nothing Rock well anyway I got my old
first guitar fixed up so I painted it
and drew some things on it I know it's
not as high-quality is it Gibson SG you
guys bought but I hope you like it
that's pretty sweet
and this is nazareth RPG that's
youtoo.com slash nazareth RP TCH i am
this from britain what wait what this is
I believe it's a drum head you're gonna
flip really you're gonna flip whoa that
is so cool incredible it leaves a drum
head it's a Tom head Zowie it's easy let
me make you guys one of these I started
doing these for friends a while back
figured it would be a cool way to
recycle spare drum heads that I can't
use from Britt em YouTube is B to
YouTube and Twitter is Britt mi see that
is C this is really cool that is
pointillism those are all little tiny
dots and it's pretty cool oh by the way
I have to address this let me see this
really quick win every once in a while
I'll say this word I'll say fragile but
I'll stay in frat Gigli please tell me
you know what movie I'm talking about
please tell me in the comments let you
know what seriously if you know let me
know because I lost a little faith you
guys like no that's that's that that's
how you say hey Charles this is from
Peter ho
Oh how many times does that happen to
you in your life is probably enough this
is like Europe member how like in Spain
they had the walkers that look like
glazed and add the roasted chicken oh
that's not what chips look
Zoey's eyes is bugged out by the what's
right smell it
it's not bad it's just that it tastes
like chicken just like but you don't
expect a potato chip to this is Jessica
W from Nevada was that did she draw that
no oh just like a holy crap what she
drew these though that's me I think this
is school 1905 that is and it was only a
dollar fifty why would this be on oh
it's a postcard that's crazy
I think this is officially the oldest
one that photo is so wild all right this
is from Vivian from Virginia and you
guys seriously we don't need any more
silly I think we can actually open up a
silly banasura you do that thing that
the African tribes do where they put the
rings around their belly band you have
to go up bands this is probably the
fifth thing is this something that okay
for the longest four years I've been
told about this thing it is the official
car staff oh yeah the guys contact means
that it's a giant hairy
this carstache calm the guys sent it
after you guys I get harassed him for
the longest time
it's a giant stash that is going on my
car at night I feel like some dude would
like steal this this is like hello
it's so comfortable they have a giant
moustache look out there's a jury must
touch behind you wait should I do it
this way or it's gonna be a sad mustache
Oh a happy mustache it's carstache calm
you thank you guys for sending us one
that's awesome giant moustache in a wall
fish egg moustache pet the furries -
this is so cool is that one from we're
near the end chief I don't know have you
noticed that after everyone's name and
where they're from Ali and I have to put
some really bad accent I apologize oh
good Marley thank you look though you
kind of do in the same face thanks Megan
well it's not having it last one who's
this from I can't read upside down who's
the funny L from this is Alice thinking
face that's your thinking face right
there whoa
that is the coolest of every scene
oh Jesus I totally knew that wasn't real
oh hey thanks Sam we're going to give
you that Zoey who's gonna get it
who's gonna get it my money's on Zoey
all right is like potato chip you want
to actually see something really funny
here actually I've been meaning to tell
you guys this you see this carabiner
right here this one right here I've had
this 2003 they used to be blue but now
look at it's like completely silver
pretty much I don't know just a side
story I like how there's a giant stash
this next year like this is really cute
says and remove when you're married
thanks Kate so that concludes another
crazy edition of CTFxC mail I hope you
guys enjoyed it again I still don't have
and a way to end this so I'm just going
to end it again thank you guys so much
you don't have to send us an it like
things that you have to buy you can just
send us artwork like that person did or
things like that we totally appreciate
it look like et look at it looks like
like the family dinosaur thing from ABC
TGIF before time with this sad face and
Zoey do it anyway guys if you came here
before the vlog you can click at the end
and they'll send you back to blog thank
you so much and we really appreciate it
this has been another interesting
unboxing that's for sure good night guys
so we don't hurt me I'm alive
