Oh Marley than the punch-out okay that's
not a stressful way to come on so one of
you guys that are following me on
Twitter sent me this this photo of me
and first grade with the mullet and then
when I shot that I what was the best
moment ever I have a mullet on the
Charles Trippy channel where I get a
mullet at a nice hair salon and go
around the mall and asking if I should
keep it anyway so me at age 24 25 and
then me in first grade check this out
this from the Twitter users so turtley
you know was really funny that's like
almost the exact same hairstyle just
like 20-something years later
embarrassing that'll always be on the
Internet to you guys remember a couple
weeks ago I found these little okay this
is a camera believe it or not this is a
what you call a keychain camera see
that's the camera right there and I
guess it's the audio but I'm not really
sure how it works so almost here cuz as
you can tell it's not exactly in English
I'm not really sure what does anyone can
someone translate that yo pause it not
sure if this is recording record record
testing testing it was if this worked
alright got connected the heck is it oh
wow it's actually that's actually
working audio sucks the dates completely
wrong now that's going to how do i turn
that off alright so I have an idea I
would have put these on the front and
back of Ali's car and see how it records
bullshit sure
as we stay
oh yeah this is really haha can we find
but what is it hello yeah i was
recording the crime yes get face up all
right I can't figure out their life of
me how to get rid of the the time mark
I'm gonna laugh so ready what it's fine
I think it's recording well hopefully
right now I don't know but if you guys
all know crossing this G tick so we're
gonna go get some Rockets missile rocket
fuels I guess the Rockets actually about
here ok so yea though i guess the things
that launched the things are rockets for
my rocket anyway we're gonna launch the
rocket with these cameras attached and
see if they I don't know work or fly off
today's spycam Wednesday maybe I'm just
gonna cut to a driving montage now so
we're driving just my name on business
and then all of a sudden of course
Justin Bieber came on the radio and Ally
decided to serenade me I loved it it was
it was beautiful I just couldn't get
enough of it and no one's for Jerome
causing me to swerve and unfortunately
move driving
as we were falling it was then out of
nowhere Chuck Norris saved us with his
roundhouse kick and that's what really
happened so look what I got I got more
engines so out is gonna meet me over at
the the park and we're going to try to
watch this rocket with these engines
attached and try not to lose everything
I think we can do this over the past
five hundred and fifteen days just 16
days or 18 million days logs have been
used for a lot of things I find a new
use for vlogging every single day well
looks like all baseball fields are
currently occupied Oh occupied oh
alright saying that right so we're gonna
go try one more place we could possibly
do this before the Sun Goes Down as you
can see over there this is almost
setting will we have enough time will
the camera be lost will the footage look
good find out next time on the next
internet killed television I'm just
kidding that'd be really cool fan sort
of commercial break all right Plan B
looks like it might work remember this
place where we have the giant slip and
slide and then over there is the crazy
house so what are the chances this
rocket is going a tree pretty good yeah
let's hope not since there's cameras
attached this time heading up the rocket
complete the most extreme launch ever
turnin is always she won't set up the
bucket to watch a full shot ant pile
just missed it minun minun minun minun
minun like making up things on stuff you
Nikki me diseases
feel the white dot running Molly person
tickles the to do if you doing what you
doing we could do it Zoe how far away
she is what is she going over there Zoe
I'm she's peeing and see from here that
she's paying okay so we prepared to the
apparatus I think so all right looking
good good people's gonna lose at least
one camera 11 rock hopefully not gonna
win look ash now let's drop it we're
gonna try to lunch we're gonna try to
lunch she's gonna try to get to lunch
that's Charles's crotch but but also
there's the camera so we're gonna
stitching for by the way I don't I don't
know get this I don't stupid the big
pockets so here we go got some stiff
wind but we're ready we're ready to
launch get the camera attached good to
go so what I'm thinking is to shoot it
directly that way so then it blows and
hopefully comes here and not into that
but nodded to that and then we have a
retrievers over there those little
assholes bring it in girls bring it in
Marley you're running the wrong way and
she's gone okay we're ready hopefully
it's recording 30 you know what what
you know what I always did you attack
the parachute oh my god char no don't
what don't don't count down because oh
he's gonna run after it cammiso she does
not like it about watching I don't know
we're experiencing some technical
difficulty we have a problem zoey is
leaning against my leg as hard as she
can whining easy who I you upset cuz
done he's gonna get hurt where is it oh
no it crashed into the tree he didn't
pack a parachute Oh God con wedding run
are you coming to help come on lazy bums
find the rocket no sign of the rocket
where is it bode sweet what if this
worked so that was a fail but I sure
liked the smell
there's a launch site very Farley that's
what happens that's what happens when
you're bad girl she thinks we're gonna
launch her this is literally the third
time he's done this check it out boys
and girls it's my friend a caterpillar
daddy one two three he's gonna do he's
gonna do it he's gonna do it time he's
gonna do it Zoe stay stays oh all right
we got our launch partner you want to do
with this mr see if this one works so
stay yep oh shoot where's the parachute
oh my god that was lucky nice landing
good job baby Oh God marley's hey Harley
just took out to the car oh my god i'm
laughing so i can all the camera still
though he attacked the launch pad she
got scared and just attack it oh man
this was way over there oh no we have a
casualty sort of it's all soft flimsy
all right well that's cool well we have
a casualty over here oh man I got worse
so i'm gonna try to put the camera going
forwards forwards forwards it's a poor
plane plane oh hi Jamar this is what has
to happen to Zoe she's got to be between
the legs zoey is like a little little
hijacker she was no nervous you want to
destroy the launch I'm practicing for
NASA yeah look at this and she's just
hiding here
she's gonna run away three okay belmont
spelled lunch
three it's gone oh I don't even know it
went that way to your right it's gone
it's gone it's gone it's gone oh I see
it I see it wait I did today was kind of
a fail day I lost so much footage it's
all sitting in that tree way way way way
way over there well you see it right
there that's a very very tall tree and
it has two things of footage so I think
we're kind of screwed fuck i did lose
footage during the the first couple days
in the vlogs remember the minnow died
cuz the ocean it's pissing me off but i
can see the stupid thing it's right
there just dangling there just pissing
me off oh my god made out of her attacks
this vlog would have been so much cooler
had that footage come back home if we
had a hoverboard we wouldn't even need
to get that no we have plenty of great
foot i know we would have a hoverboard I
want one of those like giant uh I
thought what do they call just hover
crafts like the ones that are just liked
like a boat they go on land of water
yeah I think you're called hamburger no
airboats I think you called airboats
Airbus's warrants fan propelling it oh I
don't know I'm just dumbfounded that's
what this look is I'm just seriously
just dumbfounded I came out to the field
I put the dogs on my fire on Charles are
just like I'm just like staring at it I
feel bad you guys we had some really
really funny like really good footage
from the cameras well I'm gonna go see
what kind of trees stuck on if I don't
return in like five minutes what what
she has four legs she can walk yourself
we're gonna go see it could possibly get
down hopefully we don't die railroads
not active anymore how does she manage
that one she's like it was that oh who
the hell's over there walking the tracks
like a hobo all right what tree was it
was it this one was it that tree or that
tree water all trees look alike my legs
a little bit lazy the rocks were hurting
her feet you're not a dog Marley you're
not a dog at all oh well let's just cut
you a reenactment that I just did okay I
wanted to tell you the real story why
don't have the footage from the rocket I
was getting ready to launch the rocket
and I was pretty stoked as you can tell
by the suppose what I didn't know at the
time was the evil that was lurking in
the sky so I began to countdown 3 2 1
blast off the rocket went so I up in the
air I couldn't even see it anymore ideas
binoculars but I didn't have binocular
so I'd use my hands as binoculars it
didn't work that well then all of a
sudden i saw this prehistoric beast come
out of the clouds the bastard swooped
down and stole my rocket acid i wanted
to fight him but I couldn't come cuz he
was in the sky and now i'm sad
hey
with you
once a day
you know what
you
it was big
you
