oh hi Zoe how are you hey what's up
though leave me seatbelt oh hi Marley I
love it when they're in the c-bus cuz
they can't freak out and I almost jump
out the window seat belts for the wind
they save humans and animals I know you
guys are probably sick of hearing as I
am sick of staying I'm trying to get my
car fixed apparently the back part right
back here I don't think I was showing
you right but it's like popping out it's
part of the the armrest I guess and then
they said they'd fix it I think I just
had the worst luck with cars I don't
know what it is what are you doing that
seat belts not holding very well hey
Marley's keep doubting comedy hi
so guess what guy I just heard from
Melissa I gotta call ATT because Wilson
dropped her iphone in the toilet not
really sure how that happened but I
think it's a girl thing basically have a
question what are the lines of my family
plan she dropped her phone and I guess I
got water damage and it's an iphone and
I was wondering how she would go about
replacing that the iphone and we either
hear it over the phone right now and for
you guys oh that's Billy and that's for
an iphone 4 oh that's not too bad does
that renew the contract wow that's
actually really cool today is a good day
after okay so after four years of being
on face four or five years to be
whatever Facebook came out right um I
just always added people because I
didn't really understand facebook i
never even looked in the settings but
okay after four years of not even be
able to use my personal facebook I've
removed anybody on my personal one that
I have not actually physically met or
things like that actually friends
because the only way actually I can keep
in touch with friends that I've had from
high school and things like that so if
you want to add us on Facebook but do
you know you haven't gotten a response
this is how you do it go to facebook.com
/ Charles Trippy friend courts right
here on the screen so just take a second
go log into your facebook go to
facebook.com / Charles Trippy friend
core and then you'll see a little button
is it at the very top it'll stay like
just click like and then you will be on
our Facebook page and we can respond to
you and there's a there's a discussion
board actually you can see it right here
there's a discussion board if you go
there we answer a lot of you know
questions that you guys have a lot of
CTFxC ears actually know the questions
before we do so here's a really good
place to you know hang out and talk with
other ctx ears because you know we're
family court you know what i mean so
just go to facebook.com / Charles Trippy
friend core right here and click like if
you're not logged in to your facebook
like button won't be there so you have
to log into facebook so i guess the
music for you while you're doing it just
make a new tab go to facebook.com slash
trails from your friend core will wait
just wanted to give me something to
listen to
you guys do it I'm done good hope you
added us there yo hopefully that I dress
everyone's questions about facebook now
you know where to find us do you want to
wake her up or should I yeah yeah honey
we gotta wake up you gotta go look at
Marla you met your match then you get it
you get her shit oh yeah that I think
that's the only dog that ever stopped
her I know that's why I mean hi play the
little dog like smiley you wanna access
as a hipster she's like whitewater you
run away Marley's better match the hook
is awesome they come on come on let's
play we've been such a bitch Jayde why
dig my dig dig dig my dick yes so funny
how she digs on command get it get it
sigmar dig dig my good girl take ya go
get ya go man go let's quit that sounds
like a squeak toy that Doug is not gonna
give up a Marlene it's Santa's Little
Helper oh look Santa's Little Helper
part time what the point is what are you
growling at you're not even looking at
anything I don't know if the cameras
gonna say blue look with all the hair
just come off it's snowing look at my
table Oh
yeah you can see it put your pants there
uh-huh yeah you can see it now it's
literally flying everywhere why are you
shedding this is why we got you Marla so
you didn't have this much hair all right
honey see if you can do it see if we can
do it it was kind of close you almost
got it perfect I'm just a frisbee master
I was landed on the poop go go go go go
oh hai woh with the camera all right you
gotta hit the camera there nice ready
yeah
Oh what do we got Oh girls let's move a
muscle oh please bud swing no not your
chicken no not chicken ice cream hey
girl sure this is a blog for yeah they
love that guy scream yeah yeah we've
shown like I think we did actually like
a closeup of them idiot yeah these are
you know these are like these are like
the ice cream that you would get it's
like coming ice cream man to knowing and
school again like the elementary school
somebody's forgetting that I did not go
to a school like that Oh public hahaha
you buy ice cream like this for 50
Cent's we were allowed to have I strong
you in our school that's fine no reverse
all gritty and nathy don't eat it I see
him oh my god I see him from back here
hold on stay right there's other let's
see those years this is so she knows
which direction I'm gonna go by going
this way we're gonna go this way imma
kick this way oh those oh sit sit like a
dinosaur with the pig ears I got your
dinosaur I gotta get I'm sorry the good
girl Marley do something okay okay okay
Zoe just hit the camera there you go hey
they're working dogs they deserve a
treat every once in a while cuz they're
not spoiled at all it's like at that
taste in my mouth all right guys wish me
luck I'm about to watch a chick flick
which one is it called when and rut with
you yeah wait what who there's some hot
guy uh okay no no some hot guy huh just
some hot guy well Kristen Bell's super
duper high
he's he's pretty hot it's okay guys I'm
a police officer all right ah I already
sucks chick flick also wait I don't want
to watch a chick flick time out there
playing 303 okay I'm talking to the guys
right now girls just just plug your ears
go in the other room or just skip
forward talking to the guys Ali your
muffs all right get through this Oh
seriously you're not supposed to be here
how do I get through this do I fall
asleep do i feign interest do I actually
like it what I think I think guys
secretly like chick flicks no no it's a
bunch of no girls being all like no I
refuse to admit that any guy likes okay
wait what would be a chick flick there
is none there's no chick flick that a
guy would yeah let's look at no I don't
think there is let's see here um there
is none I don't see even slippers in
Seattle yeah Tom Hanks isn't it great no
no that is not a chick flick movie not
wondered no you know why Tom Hanks is in
it sex the second Tom Hanks is in it
it's not chick flick what that's right
nothing you know what else is a great
chick flick with Tom Hanks what castaway
what was his volleyball yeah he likes
this volleyball so much that was not a
chick flick no Tom Hanks equals not
chick flick yes okay that one does okay
this is the only chick flick that I
would say is not really one but sort of
is it would be this movie right here
right here there's something about mary
it's kind of one that's kind of
girlies girls watch together girly girls
yeah I'll explain to you what a check
your gonna explain what a check movie
this place oh is that one over here and
chicks like about a great movie cuz it's
not ever after it's about Cinderella
yeah that's a story that has another
stupid movie and you're messing up the
alpha station yeah we got your OCD oh
forgot about that the one where the the
redhead chick and it's what Cinderella
you know I'm talking about it's a disney
one a real-life Cinderella you have no
idea what I'm talking about Amy Adams oh
this weight but this movie enchanted
that's it this is definitely chick flick
guys ok I'll mint this is a good chick
flick but you know why it's cuz dream
isn't it who's that make Jamie yeah
patrick dempsey oh god that's his name
on them let me dreamy so guys guys only
right now um tell me which chick flick
you guys would actually be caught dead
seeing i would say enchanted for me that
would be mine girls tell me which boy
film or man film what is it was a guy
film which one you would be cussing and
yeah all of them yeah you see every
movie yeah okay so tell me in the
comments I'm going to try to brave this
actually gonna fall asleep so good I
guess
you're shaking
you
it was me
your mommy
