hey so you know when you're trying to
call somebody and you know they're on
the other line like this listen right
here rare you hear that extra little
beep at the end you know some who's not
picking up right yea high schools
getting out I have a random question for
you guys ok so those who wear sandals
when your drive do you end up taking
them off like this so when you drive you
end up no don't slipping and things like
that yes i have a bad sandal tan let's
let's make fun of my sandal tan I know I
honestly thought it was the only one who
did that but it turns out there's a lot
of you i think i know random but anyway
we're going to that body shop because
they didn't fix the top part of my
bumper or the bottom part anyway they're
fixing it so that'll be good this entire
thing has been pain in the ass sure
speaking of pain in the ass when i was
talking about the other day in the video
when i actually said the insurance
company that the person had that hit me
and a lot of you guys said they were one
of the best insurance companies i'm not
i'm not doubting that the thing is they
were a pain in the ass to work with with
me i think if you have their insurance
like if that's if that's your insurance
company of course you're giving them
money so they're gonna be great for you
but for me filing a claim against them
they're losing money so they're not
gonna be very pleasant to work with so
that's what it was i was basing my
opinions on my experience and my
experience was out of a 10 a-2 they got
a 2 instead of a one just because they
have USA in the name I'm just kidding
let's see if I could sneak up on Ali
ah yeah you know it's a hundred percent
fixed replaced yeah the fixed ah thank
God the ordeal is over whoo time to
rejoice rejoice all right so I just got
the car back but I just noticed that the
tires a little bit like low so i'm going
to teach you guys how to put air in your
tires even though learning anything
about cars for me is probably a mistake
there it is all right we got a little
nah poor dude thing how much this vacuum
heirs heirs 35-10 because I we're
breathing it condensed there's 35-cent
all right guys then serve a bitch
oops all right what's the PSI never
exceed 40 all right still around
we are way low super super low try to
get to make sure holy crap solo that's
30 what's the average this is like 30 35
says not to go over 40
maybe like 32 I don't know I guess this
isn't really a life lesson this more me
figuring out things I'm always afraid it
would explode attires IV scariest thing
ever all done
now we have extra air what should we do
with it
boring there we go we put air in my
tires very productive day oh wait I
forgot to put the thing back I feel
manly oh let's go roast a pig a full Pig
and build a house and conquer a country
Oh guy cook just like exploded on the
right car I was driving and it must have
bumped into something look what the fuck
is that oh man well that was probably
one of the scariest things I've ever had
happen while driving i thought i thought
there was like a gas leak or something
exploded under my car and I felt in my
legs everybody like this like exactly
like that it's all good though I didn't
blow up so we can relax I'm a headache
now well I was eating the dress well I
see her dress that dude was totally
rocking the 22 this freaking awesome out
if you live in Florida right now the
weather is unlike the 80 I think it's
like 85 degrees right now so that means
yes after long last winters on its way
because we run fall so winters next just
because that's how supposed to happen
dude just take a poop already come on
would you thank you so keeping with
yesterday's vlog theme of embarrassing
yearbook photos or just pictures in
general when I was younger my mom
decided to go through a bunch of photos
and scan and send me this photo
what do you think I was thinking about
bringing back those jeans pretty spiffy
you know you can't touch that style
that's hardcore stuff right there all
right you see that kid right back there
or that lady right back there pushing
that kid in the stroller know if you can
see it she's talking on the phone and I
guess somebody asked her what she was
doing she's like oh nothing just pushing
mangina and the stroller at the park
keeping with yesterday's theme about kid
names mangina that's probably the worst
one I've ever oh my god actually i could
probably be the best one ever i think
that is the best name I've ever heard
mangina I mean I really don't know if I
was hearing that wrong but I really
don't know what name kind of would allow
me to get mangina out of it I love it
especially name ever it's not exactly a
double rainbow but it's pretty
sweet-looking Florida baby was gorgeous
sunset ever that is really cool so
pretty like purple and orange and I'm
really bright lots of clothes cross it's
gonna look I think the girls just got
some fast so you should be tearing ass
around the house shortly girls girls did
you get a bad did gillies in there get
Gorman go go go go go there we go we
should go get get her
oh I wish I got that happy after bath I
say bath smells little Hey oh good oh my
god you guys are insane Oh safety are
you done is that it look I almost
stepped on up the run away I want to
introduce you to the internet you know
his lazy the last 100 man he looks like
an alien you let her so I think it's
official i think the deli lady she's an
older lady I think the deadly landing at
publix has a crush on me I asked for a
half a pound of cheese and I got a pound
don't tell he shook it jealous so I got
I got I got these for Ali so that way
she doesn't get jealous of the older
lady at publix it was thought it was
funny she's nice she's nice old lady so
we're just playing catch-up on modern
family and one of the guys the
boyfriends name I can't remember his
name i think was Dylan or Dan or
something like that whatever he wrote a
song and it was this song right here
baby baby baby I'll steal you so I
decided to figure out how to play that
song and sing it to you now get ready I
can't forget the nose yeah all right
we're gonna do this with my terrible
singing and me looking at the little
prompter below the camera okay what's
our first lines catch get ready the
stars are falling from the sky and your
tummy then why
the moon is shining on your face and I
finally found my place cuz maybe maybe i
just wanna do you do
underneath them I'm gonna bare this is
stupid
me
but you
or steak
the Lord
you
it must be
get going on
I
