we've already gone halfway through Oh to
the end no no no you can't because
whoops hey put it in here yeah was it
may be over the water in there you know
i'll let you do that stuff i'm amazed by
simple things oh hello oh that's over
three level that's not you failed oh yes
it is it's fine it's okay close your
eyes do yeah I'm not a definite three
minutes later you'll have a cup of tea
you ready oh fuck you doing out a space
shuttle on this that is American as you
get right there what that one's pretty
American too oh we got a spaceship it's
called sports America's spaceship sports
Dominator of course serious this is
international drive in orlando it's
utterly ridiculous all right so we got a
clone wars technic doesn't make any
sense that now
I'm gonna do it off your head ready oh
no way no way no yeah so we cut you off
and Ollie cool guy I would always gap
ready to it to it better Giants can't
read the charges last night all right so
I was looking through here and yeah you
look very business see look what I found
I found the little thing Kellen was
wearing a cage Dracula and the my
girlfriend rated dated Dracula video
from like a year ago Oh screwing up the
video you look like a dbag in that he
could to get what are you doing a
librarian hey Lizzie kitty cat book your
belly so what he got well this is butyl
ating kids to someone oh my gosh it's my
old yearbook Rachel okay see the things
I've known Rachel and Andrew pretty much
since middle school so she's got all the
yearbooks and she's showing at it it was
relevant to dress like spice girls in
two thousand and Christina Aguilera oh
yeah no I mean like they weren't laid
they were like still celebrities oh nice
post me Fred Durst that is hilarious Oh
misty thousand yeah those are seniors
look how thick this how many people
graduate out were actually in her school
at the time ice is my friend Mike are
you staying out with him use it he was a
good skateboarder we look at this
haircut oh god what are you doing what
are you doing god that is awful what
year is that 97 6 30 G's alright what's
fine choice thanks Rachel thanks there's
Rachel that's fine Charles no look it's
andrew he even had a bloody face in high
school he's all we got a blurry face oh
my
it's the most embarrassing one my gosh i
know that is hilarious yeah all right
look at those blond tips hell yeah let's
look at your yearbook ad products six
people and add my yearbook is awful wow
there's Melissa hey girl was that
sophomore year and those two thousand
two oh my great I get that one on
purpose this one I remember doing that
is hilarious I tried to make the
goofiest face that when I think wins oh
she's cute is that that's my
ex-girlfriend um okay it's from high
school all right so this is all oh
you're so cute I seen your mother baby
nice hair right here yeah nice hair babe
and then as we just cut her out and
there's that's a mark from gutter mouth
when we were on tour with a funny
looking kid oh oh look down there little
sad fav little charge my second-grade
photo anything being a little bit all us
so precious is that Gregg Allman holding
you it's gregg allman yeah that's
fucking awesome yeah pretty funny look
how cute you are oh my god it that's it
that's my friend Kevin yeah that's my
friend Kevin right thing that's really
far you in shaving cream though that
it's yeah that's unfortunately we can
have one happy you look yeah hate
pitchers that's my senior year look at
shari's out of the bands and her
suspense thriller back in the high
school days looking kid well fence ruler
yet no actually it was especially they
printed it wrong cuz chris is in the
band I was suspense thriller oh oh fail
look at I find 1992 all right there's my
sister in kindergarten class what year
was this 898 sixth grade yeah ok guys
get ready for this one cuz this could be
the most epic photo you'll see in a long
time this is me and a mario t-shirt
and a mullet yes in first grade just
just just take it in just just just
admire it that's a good Muller right
there I know check out that book I was
sixth grade that girl looks like she's
so old in that photo she was a sixth
grader it's like a freaking freshman in
college I've been listening to the
offspring constantly on this drive and I
gotta say is um yeah I pretty much kind
of i love this song what was I saying
okay for the list of the song
istic as iris leave it I can't tell
those glasses this shit is the hockey on
your ass she does not y'all off the bat
what toy rock coming ok that's an air
mattress drops a bomb site
come on work where's the stupid hole
look at this all the paintings all the
paintings look like you're stoned call
the animals whoa man there's a lot of
pizza here so good awesome ah so it's
actually officially my mom's birthday so
we're celebrating by shooting ice at
each other oh and by the way the battery
look at this the battery is completely
dead today and yeah it's gonna show off
in a second I didn't charge through in
Orlando so today's going to be an iphone
a log you failed you should have charged
it should have been you oh it's got
Galaga this is awesome I usually have
the worst luck with these things they
would always shoot back my money I you
get to like it too let's play no no
that's a waste that's a waste let's play
this america's army what is that all
right we're gonna have competition who
you thinks gonna win me or ally in the
basketball game tell me in the comments
right now we'll wait I think I'm gonna
totally destroy you I'll help you I'll
help you I'll help you yes well if you
made it would help you though
love helping I'm helping yeah you need
one the goal is to get the ball in the
hole hey it takes that focus how long it
takes to roll back like your mouse is
off fat and it takes forever that's like
we all know we're watching it we're
watching it don't don't create excuses
just dominate it just dominated anything
there we go now you got it now you got
it oh all right Ali got what you got 15
get 15 Twitter sissy you're not gonna do
any better I would a toy Zoe Larry yeah
cuz the blood tinker no fail you suck Oh
it does take forever it takes forever
it's so frustrating oh that's that is
awful that is so frustrating there we go
back in the group yeah reaching over so
far to get it I uh
hey be merritt a 20 oh hey and good time
look at the score 21 I you want to do
you have 15 yeah were they right okay
who they guess for they would add that
one with me yeah but these these are two
jam-packed you know these are rigged
though right when I worked at the movie
theater when I worked at the movie
theater they actually told me what they
do is they the gripper thing it's
supposed to grip harder every x amount
and depending on the establishment it
can grip every three times they'll get
para basically guaranteeing a win or
every seven times or every hundred times
so it's rigged these are rigged oh my
god just ate my coin see see it's rigged
oh oh oh oh nope see it didn't grip it
but if it was like the right time that
what a grip says these things they're
rigged I told you all right you want to
go for part of the cheat in the know the
big bear by the pink there that one's no
you can't get that one
see that is just ridiculous no but for
to go like this and go here the toys
crush the toy goes I told you I told
this blatantly ridiculous I'd legal I
told now this oh that's a pizza look at
that delicious pizza oh thank you Ali's
answering all your questions yesterday's
video for the first couple hours is
we're doing this long drive I always
just answering all the questions in the
comments since basically we have all the
time in the world right yeah well I'm
totally lying cuz I'm answering is you
your answer gives me oh so if you got it
like an answer yesterday and yesterday's
comment section is actually Ellie I'm
sure because half of it was you that's
true half a half and a half oh look at
that awesome weather we get to drive
into over here boom oops hard to watch
tired back there
see the user resources each other as
pillows they're like MacGyver dogs
well I'm glad I'm going north jeez
they're not even moving look at all my
gosh Camus it's like that's probably at
least five miles Joe the dead bugs that
the dead bugs everywhere then love bugs
Ali's playing the moron test see if
she's a moron average a good average
more on average
right now pee break for the dogs look at
this that's cafe risque I don't know if
you can see it's like the one um a strip
joint that has like the most yeah right
there granite race you can go it's like
the it's when you drive on 175 right if
you drive on 75 around Gainesville or
anything actually in a mile of 75 miles
you'll see these signs is a cafe risque
with like 1980s like porn stars and it's
like this tiny little shack it's the
funniest thing in the world hey are you
see pouting competent you are look at
you would you find what do you really oh
my gosh it is that's so that's kind of
cool actually
yeah so in this long drive we're going
to try to discuss many different things
and Kate possible kid names of course
Brian Ali's not pregnant everyone I
could have kids until we get get married
so we're coming up with a kid named and
of course Sophie's still the number one
girl named but Chloe she likes Chloe but
here's the thing i think this is what i
want to do I don't know if she's gonna
prove it I actually really told her I
want to name our kids court boy or girl
after american gladiators so sky sky
high Iceman disproof disapproving of
that all right blazer Heiser if you
don't know what the American Gladiators
just google it I'm sure they'll be a
Wikipedia page I'm telling you American
Gladiator names nobody's gonna mess with
nobody would mess with your son if his
name was tasered they would never wish
they wouldn't mess with him at all blade
oh my god they had the best teams ever
just wikipedia'd american gladiators for
some of the names okay what do you think
of gemini gold
please go go go Bronco laser tight
number one number one to me that's a
mini about our tell where timing tower
trippy I like trying to me Viper trippy
I think I think I think Titan number one
is the best tango page number one all
one word yes it's so he'll already be
integrated and one can be in this trip
but either way girl guy already will
have its own hashtag on Twitter so it's
perfect what you're not eating your food
so we have to put dogs oh yeah waiting
for dog treats man your pig she used a
6-inch treating about for you happy to
be home so the fish tank the filter
screwed up um probably today or
yesterday so we came home just a nick of
time to fix it so we gotta clean you
guys where's the Frog other it is oh
it's dirty water we gotta clean this
for you too
the chew
you will stay there
you
Wesley here
yeah he is
a
