good morning guys guess we're at not it
oh we're not we're actually and how
we're in the climate
we're in Nebraska right now up to water
what's a lot of us pickles on sandals
today marks the day one of our little
Hawaiian adventure we're going to try to
do as much as we possibly can in the six
days five days that we're here I've been
eyeing the surfer slash paddle board
like mad right now look at it so
beautiful
you can see right to the bottom I don't
you can actually see the fish fish where
there are tiny fish there are big shark
this is the civil it's like very
anti-climatic that's pretty awesome
and there goes away quadcopter well it
has five let me see your awesome turkey
put it from a distance it looks like one
it's just a rock it's just it's this
portal equalizer yes this is now the
second time we walk a little bit
randomly and ran in the Valentina and
Ana and now weird started to go to Ross
to try to find some cheesy Hawaiian
shirt and they were crossed the street
the same time you were crafting
tree-hugging ah smaller medium probably
I'm going to get the same exact one as
you just to mess with your twin complex
okay so although I don't feel like
there's many variations that you can
actually do that's what I'm a mature
would want to do that annoying thing
right check the ten shirts ahead of you
so I get first pick what if I go this
way oh here we go I don't want like a
silky one that's the problem we I think
it wafts in the wind and everything and
I could have my lack of chest hair
hanging out if you go for the tone of
like ridiculous yes I can fold it up a
little bit you can't go Sean John on me
over there but I was like trying like
pop of color is like doing the bass bass
I think this might be the winner I mean
my con man right step up the game there
bud we see your traffic that's only guys
like Panama Jack right there I don't
know who that a Tommy Bahama I don't
know who that are guerito Ville don't
know who that is
you don't know who
the rock yes Hana
I think Moana you look incredible
hey guys here you go honey you look so
handsome this is how we do it in Ross
everyone sure was in a row yeah Rosie
don't leave you go jealous I don't know
this is a pretty rad one - a little blue
ring Danny
Travis just calling your name what are
you doing how are you putting this on
kind of got the old dad feel it was
wanting gonna get Hawaiian and it is
like those are actually kind of cool I
don't know by trying too hard you mean
one of these so awesome sharing those
are awesome to go a forum where I'm like
so these are my my - I'm going to be
getting trapped can't decide he's
getting shoo take the finalists right
here I like that you know what Ali let
me see the red did the same pattern it's
the same tell me it's added Alex bring
it over here bring it over here the red
one
it's the same pattern come here boy go
find that same pattern probably have it
on her so we got five one preset
connecting a fungal alright what's yours
not bad I gotta play the campaign and
I'm really embarrassed about lately
you're singing it for the past month I
know but now I'm in front of people one
of in front of the cameras yes hardship
and there is a battleship doing it all
wrong there Danny go that way then you
got to go
x marks the spot well building like a
bench for me sit on oh I figured running
mark where we're going to be how do you
make your pants at school see that it
just drops like that they're like rocks
and then all of a sudden drops down but
kind of funny because right now we'd be
11 hours ahead in London
so at lid I'm I'm kidding at 4:00 in the
morning I woke up and I was ready to
third today we're deep this because you
have to just come in if you dive into
the great going to honor today okay now
we'll buddy
don't push me today I got a stacker so
it's worth delivering to make sure you
get the shot grab my hand
oh my hand yeah I think those are
actually a Patrol helicopter making sure
there's no sharp organs it's children if
you don't like when they hover that
scares me I click on Ally's like me
gosh our guy and rial my head that was
tough man no collar that's much better
the way better shirt way better shirt
haired now well prepared - yeah great
yeah you got to open it up like
I don't either Colin's got it what your
chest hair the manly chest hair that's
happening in the vlog right now
Thank You Danny for that segue what was
the best night call it will call it to
come on a morning appalling clock a call
a puka what does that mean
Apple and I make me you're holding
whoever the winding shoving are like a
every so many close together like oh no
can do
pathology what is it okay I'll try it
what is it I think it's very good my
name is Hollie Wakeham
dress for this research right now no
it's coal everybody you had to do it on
stage when you're introduced every one
of those Carl's your kale
I'm tail I think you'd remember I'm
going to go to him and ask him how to
pronounce every penny how'd you guys
colleagues I woke parapsychology but a
retail that really liked it yes see how
accurate it is research on your wine any
corner and mines chaos
what's Colin Colin is uh Julia Kalina
Akulina Alina Kalina no surprises house
it's a fun
is it good Yami Yami I'm already halfway
through I feel like I've had for it
specifically did not to secure it time
to go to the stand are my children are
you going to get off okay promise but
then how you get off and just like a lot
of work and cook every out for me right
now that's stuffed young a girl that's I
need a good go over there quick quick
bang I am listening defense a watch
boy Toby boy
Valentin and I are being smart ones and
we're just like enjoying a lot of
weather like competition competition and
keep a light saber
oh my god Florentino like disappears
every time Ali would suggest a Valentina
Ali's punched through a wave it is punch
me in the metal
- haha no dar I got a Turkish back in
service
well kids are doing better than you
I've never seen one more dark it's
usually gonna light and I'll go cool a
mother's Apple store go here that's Big
Mac and an apple store why get laid yeah
he's a real one what do you want know
what that one they grow I love it though
hey you're not around too much
background too much insane love it okay
looks good the channel I know I ain't
gonna pineapple you need a grass skirt
like this is been here since 1928 but
I'm sure that road is not
I think this one there for a team
hundred now we can properly lathe we
properly lay you now in the gin
everything you say be gentle
selling your hair everything just sounds
very I live with some of my like that
shirt you got laid
I have no I pop it true she bought her
own this come on Travis true but I'm
digging my dad shirt you guys like my
dad shirt I kind of like my dad shirt oh
by the way we're going to make a limited
edition of this hat because we've seen
people say that they like the Hat gonna
make a quick limited run of this hat
with the other hats do for you guys
cause yes tonight but it says do it for
the vlog that's what we did yeah do it
for the vlog guys put a coconut bikini
on and then do the Rua come on babe do
it for the blog
there you go Oh a really good bad I'm so
done after being out all that Sun all
freakin day
I am completely I was wiped out what
okay we got back to the hotel and I just
kind of sat down I started editing a
little bit and you know when you're
editing or on a computer and you fall
asleep or something on your lap it's
very rare but tell me what does it
happen Oh what's going on we're the
little yeah cool it they're like lantern
they have literally physical lanterns of
light Ali just got me that's my tie and
it's in this cool coolest cup I think
I'm gonna call it the Palmer it's a cool
cup and then it just gets kind of weird
up here I was like Dan ollie
and really are you light alive by the
top I can touch pretty bad and day one
of the Hawaii adventures is now in the
bag I'm still catching up is 1030 here
so that means it's 11:00 know what time
would it be alright motivated just my
shame no big deal if we go to bed yeah
fine - we'll see you tomorrow is the
most embarrassing within the video bye
guys see them off yes like this video
now please no please oh yeah Rose even
wanting to look at coming back at 9:30
a.m. fun it's 9:30 in the morning my
body feels like in London time obviously
I know geez I guess I will see you
tomorrow
