izabel good
Zoey come on go take a shit go poop I
gotta go to the post office yeah get the
lug all this to the car can I put this
on your back like a mule that'd be cool
why are you hiding what are you hiding
from okay if you feel better dude do you
feel better
hey what still got a little cough all
right that said if you're not feeling
better after today you got to go to the
doctor are you feeling this your pillow
good girl
where is he is he in there no what yeah
Oh where's daddy
Oh Gators
who is it so I reach your hand out oh
she's like oh it's okay it's sad she's
like I thought it was a box monster
first
it's like one of those traps look
there's cheese under there take what
cheese so quit licking my hand you want
to go to Timbuktu okay I want Stan dude
to Alaska okay oh hello cutie huh it's a
surprise puppy in a box it's a puppy
gram actually it's funny cuz that's
actually how she came in a box in a box
just like that she's oh he is terrified
now
oh my god I love this game I was little
Riley just not happy
Oh cords again Zoe oh you're right about
today's outgoing currents I probably
want to give them back in the box
get in my car
good my kid I liked how she wasn't due
until Zoey's that okay there you go
you guys are so look up here girls Colby
Colby Jake you guys ready Kobe you're
gonna break that box that's Kobe's
ready hey let's go see what she's doing
look we need seatbelts in this thing you
want out
Zoe that is for Kobe you can do it how
about come on come on right let's go
there's cookies for you all right Oh
Marley I don't think you have kennel
cough be a little bit different wouldn't
it goes a tasty was that tasty okay let
me call the vet again I'll call the vet
look it's my bust Amir what oh yeah yeah
you guys suggesting something okay so if
you didn't see me wrapping yesterday the
links right here you can go check it out
but what I want to do is I want to see
who can remix / Tecna Phi / just
all-around awesome of Phi those are
words now my rapping video wrapping
video I use that term very very loosely
basically take the video you can
download the video using like YouTube
snips or whatever way you can download
YouTube videos download it remix it edit
it up and then at reply Charles Trippy
on Twitter with the remix version and if
any of them blow me away
I will give you guys free shirts so does
that sound pretty cool I thought it'd be
really interesting since you guys are so
creative and it'd be a chance to give
away some shirts so that that will be a
little contest thing will hold I can't
really think of any rules other than go
check out the video if you have no idea
what I'm talking about
download the video remix it however you
think it's cool and then at reply me on
Twitter with the link to your remix and
it's completely awesome and blows my
mind you got to make my head explode
guys like seriously for reals for reals
II win our winners that are completely
awesome I will show on the vlog and I
will send you a t-shirt remix this is
why I do this for a living before I get
my car back I want to get one of those
little things that go over like you know
the great thing that's in the back of
the car my car that the dog stood on so
the hair does give me work
apparently there's a newer version that
covers more of the seat so I'm gonna go
trying to find that now also I'm gonna
give you my brief little opinion on the
Dodge the Dodge Journey the thing that
sucks about it in my opinion is that the
pickup is like non-existent like I was
pulling onto the road and I tried to you
know speed up so I wouldn't like hold up
people behind me and basically be the
old people you know like well people
like pull out and they did they drive it
like five miles an hour and then
everyone slams on the brakes I was
trying to do that and this car is just
like meeny-meeny-meeny me me me me me me
me me
even my car goes like that so I don't
know I just like saying I'm driving a
Dodge Journey because every time I do
somebody starts singing don't stop
believin and it never gets old are you
kidding me Martha Stewart pets
Martha bedding all rights on it doggies
sword it's sort of for you you guys are
gonna be kind of disappointed because
it's not really for you but it involves
you see like we cannot eat this I can I
eat this sir and so your freaking hair
doesn't stick everywhere on the car and
then Zoe we're gonna try this on okay so
I think I've talked about this guy a
couple times in the vlogs
but the Zoe and Marlee both have dog
seatbelts and they're exactly what you
think there are seatbelts for dogs and
if you didn't think they exist they do
and because you really think about it
and then accident what happens to your
dog like if you get like hit like
t-boned if your car is t-boned and you
know you get jerked around what happens
to your dog who's not in the seatbelt it
hits the the side hits the roof it's the
glass and unfortunately the dogs don't
usually make it so they have these
things called dog seatbelts that you can
get and they kind of like them so let's
try this on this one might actually be
too big for you Zoe I'm gonna have to
take it back but yeah it basically keeps
them in a seatbelt so if there's an
accident you know the dogs are safe and
you guys are worth it
let's see it Zoe okay sit down sit down
look at that you know you look like you
look like a gladiator from the show
gladiator you know the game that they
played it's actually sounds a lot better
but you know the game where they shoot
the tennis balls that's what it actually
looks like are you gonna be on gladiator
dude look how awesome the sky looks
Marlee is obviously feeling better she
decided to come running with us it's
like straight up beautiful out there's
like this is awesome wind it's not hot
it's not humid right now
I think Florida's gonna actually stop
sucking for a little bit now
good news guys I looked up Marley's
records and sure enough she already had
a shot vaccinations she's completely up
to up to date with her vaccinations so
kennel cough is probably not it and I
actually talked to a good friend of mine
and he his dad's a vet and I asked if
you watch the vlog he did and I wish I
was recording it because like hey yeah
hey do you know what kennel cough sounds
like he's like yeah it sounds like he
did it again and I kept made him do it
like five times but alas he knew I was
recording and he didn't do it the time I
was actually recording but anyway good
news so it's not kennel cough so Marley
is okay she's probably just got
allergies but at any rate we're keeping
an eye on her because I know you guys
are just as concerned as we are which is
which is adorable that you guys are
concerned just as much as Ali and I
thank you guys for the help and the
suggestions and everything that's
actually why I put it in the video I
wasn't really sure and I wanted to see
if anyone else had any similar issues
with their dogs okay so tonight I think
it's time that we finally make the penis
pasta pasta Zoey do you want the penis
pasta like honestly look at how I know
that like with asperity and you have
other things next to it and you walk by
it you wouldn't see penis pots of pasta
you would just be pasta until you look
at it look closely
see check out those penises peanut oil
in the side this isn't a penis you know
what it is
it's a spaceship
bullets
okay don't cross the street tastes like
normal pasta who makes this I want to
tell you guys from Asus wait it says
since 1986 Spencer and Fleetwood Limited
have they've been making you could make
big balls spaghetti no I'm not eating
anything sighs I think this is actually
not even from America it's from the UK
interesting penis pasta probably really
inappropriate if you had alfredo sauce
we just went from PG to actually you
know what that's probably still
considered pju that's probably still
considered PG nowadays come on the
penises are hot they're hot penis
they're all misshapen down because they
absorb too much water wait wait you know
he tested make sure okay hold on get
another one you know you this is how we
test to make sure the pee knives are
done you you throw it against the cap a
counter or cupboard okay so I'm sorry to
take take your time away from the penis
pasta but I have a serious question I
want to talk to you where you going huh
where you going okay we're like talking
too loud was that going yeah oh is that
where you gonna go
Marley okay we have the cutest dogs ever
anyway so what I was gonna talk to you
guys about we weren't invited by there's
a NASA Tweetup they say Tweetup where
basically they invite a select group of
people to come to NASA Cape Canaveral
and film and experience all things
spacey not Kevin Spacey by the way
what's happening is the space program
it's not really being shut down but it's
being privatized and I think there's
only whoa two or three like - yeah
there's no like two or three
thank launches of the space shuttle and
then they're retired it seems kind of
crazy that the space programs being shut
down anyways yeah it's gonna be private
so like Verizon Wireless and whatever
it's not gonna be like a long story
short long story short we were invited
to come to that here's the problem it's
the same day dazed as the Colbert and
Jon Stewart thing and Washington DC and
so here's the deal we either go to Cape
Canaveral we get to go within a mile of
the Space Shuttle we out bring the 7d
with the film the launch will be right
there or we good to go to the National
Mall where we get to see our entire
generation come together from different
sides of the political argument and
protest in the sense of the really
protesting against old media being
stupid and that killed television
essentially so I this is I really
honestly have no idea yeah which is yeah
it kind of ties into the whole thing I
don't know which one I want to go to so
I'm gonna leave this up to you since you
guys watch these videos with us and we
can't make a decision do you want to see
one of the final space launches of the
space shuttle or do you want to go see
the National Mall with Jon Stewart aside
the celebrities miss of the situation
yeah I put it in quotes it's a word I
put it in quotes this world do you a
word do you want to see that or do you
want to go to this spatial so exactly or
Stargate sorry or the far gate yeah we
need the far gate let us know in the
comments
seriously tell us really think before we
type we really honestly think in the
comments before you type because both
are pretty awesome really wait those
don't go ribbit just don't lick them you
gonna turn into a hypnotoad thumbs up
for hypnotoad saying hi to him so it's
so telling he stinks go toad move are
you so lazy ribbit okay I'll leave you
alone you're boring
okay toad put you back enjoy the bugs
have a good night
