hey Marley do you get a cold today the
way you're wearing a sweater you're
coughing good morning so we woke up to
the sound of this little one coughing
and I don't really think dogs coughed
when they're sick I think she might have
something in her throat so we gotta go
potty take her to the vet today and then
I have to drop my car off and pick up a
rental car so we're gonna put you in the
rental car that's legit we're gonna do
because we clean mine take that rental
car you're all right you just look so
tired
were you up all night coughing she's in
her sick but yeah oh yeah you feelin by
Oh wagging your tail how you feelin Zozo
sorry you're not feeling very good
either
huh you look so pathetic when you don't
look good but your nose cuz you nose
your nose is warm but it is wet we see
your nose it is cold and wet that's
normal alright so I gotta go drop the
car off oh you're like this is my
gangsta hat this is this is the Hat I
bought when the White Sox finally won
the World Series geez how many years ago
was that like Oh Oh 405 a little side
note a little short story I've been ever
since I was little I was a huge Frank
Thomas fan a White Sox fan particularly
and up until the year I stopped paying
attention to baseball because it started
getting stupid they finally won the
World Series so the next day after they
won I went and bought this hat this
gangsta White Sox had to commemorate the
day that I stopped watching baseball
because the White Sox finally won a
World Series and it'll never happen
again
so I just figured I might as well stop
watching while my team was on top and
since I don't think they've been doing
anyway
short side story about my gangsta White
Sox hat oh and when you have a gangsta
White Sox hat you can't wear it like
this you can't wear it gangsta White Sox
hat like this yet to go Boop slightly to
the left slightly to the left
that's too much okay that's better okay
take care of Marley all right make sure
she doesn't hack up along again you look
comfortable you look comfortable okay
be good you guys never know this is look
at this this is their like section we
get to kind of hide it off from the
couch so you can't see the mess they
make but all their toys and pillows are
over there but you don't like to sit
there you like to sit on a couch okay so
we're here and I just want you guys to
make a mental note we're gonna hopefully
not see this in a couple days all right
so this is the rental car what is this
called dodge Dodge Journey just block it
out
so there's like scuffs the area
sweet I got it I got me a Dodge I want
to get a Hemi
yeah but here you what here about the
ironic thing the insurance company okay
the girls insurance company right it's
not pained for the insurance of the car
what how stupidly ironic is it that the
insurance company isn't paying for the
insurance on the rental car so I have to
cover it I just thought that was really
really stupid and I really wish I could
tell you guys this insurance company
because they've been a pain in the ass a
pain in the ass to work with but I'm
going to take the high road and not I'm
trying to think of ways I can tell you
without actually telling you maybe you
guys can guess where the f is the
freakin how do I go forward oh it's
right here jeez dad in this car before
50 cent it's like all the way back I
guess they reclined it for mrs. I'm
wearing my gangster huh
there goes oh here's another fun story
when I was in the the repair shop they
have somebody come and pick you up the
enterprise they come pick you up and
take you to the place from point A to
point B I had this like heated political
discussion with the guy awkward to say
the least political debate never ends
well you don't mean like abortion
politics religion
you can't those differ and well he
definitely shouldn't have those in that
little time for him anyway
so anyway guess what so guess what
happened upgrade yes free that's why I'm
driving this this guy I don't even know
this thing's call a journey Dodge
Journey are they good cars
it's so far away not used to it trying
to find all the cool stuff
well that's whoa it's like a Busta
Rhymes music video
everything's gangster today so dangerous
so dangerous
that's my rapping that's my turn to rap
if you want to see the rest of the
rapping it's on the cell phone channel
you can click right here and you can go
watch me rap the Busta Rhymes because
it's gangsta day that's what the iPhone
channels for silliness
don't judge me because I said the word
silliness you're gonna start using it I
promise you still got the car Omar what
the vet say what the vet say you got
something in your mouth don't put your
butt on our face i sleepy alright taking
a nap before class you feel better all
right look at this this is the key isn't
that weird so technology for Marley yeah
so he's like she gets so nervous
Zoey come here it's okay Zoey we see you
we got to go to the vet tomorrow you're
right okay you don't the puncher if
you're not subscribed to our iPhone
channel you missed out on some fun so I
just I basically in the car when a red
light I wrapped the Busta Rhymes that's
true white boy right here well I was
rapping I was flowing is that what they
say flowin anyway if you want to see it
it'll be at the end of this video where
it's in a video response thing and you
can click it and you can go tell me how
good of a
/ I am but it won't be here on the vlog
because it's special so go check it out
baby I'm the next Eminem you know
Slim Shady maybe see trippy thanks
teacher everyone that was a fail the one
time you can get scared you're always
scared look at this is by the way this
is the key for that car isn't that weird
alright that's the car that I'm no you
this is the key like you put it in and
turn it isn't that weird yeah I promise
I promise I'm not messing with you I
promise no that's weird I've never seen
then good news guys fishhead sent the
back orders of the raffle and I think
that haters the new internet killed
television t-shirts are still being made
cuz there's there was I cannot believe
how many orders pre-orders so they're
making those now and hopefully they'll
ship by the end of this week early next
week but if you ordered one of the
ruffles that's or the haters good news
is that we will be always ship those out
tomorrow hopefully yeah it packages it's
funny cuz remember how the UPS guy I was
his name Jeff Morales F we made friends
with Jeff from all the shirts now we're
making friends with in the office too
with all the shirts because they're
having to move them around the wreck
what do you do for a living and I'm like
oh I'm an internet clown that's all I
say now I just say an internet clown
it's the best way to describe it I think
right I should say I'm an Internet
rapper that's what I should say
that was a good one wasn't it no he
don't like that
that was good I feel better now I feel
better now the fake one you know the
worst part about ketchup it's not even
Heinz pretty good at the dog park is
gonna be pretty funny hey that one get
off so it's just Zoe and I right now
Marley's back at home because she's not
feeling too good I don't know what it is
we called the vet and she said that it
could possibly be allergies cuz you know
everyone knows like actually they pull
these out for my ears I can't hear
myself talk and I'm probably talking
louder than normal that said it's
probably allergies because knowing
Marlee it really is because she's
allergic to pretty much the world so
we're just keeping an eye on it if she
keeps coughing for the next 24 hours
probably have to go take her to the vet
which is our it's just like an allergy
thing what Oh are they taunting you
they're taunting you aren't they oh yeah
I forgot the I forgot to mention we're
gonna probably it's not a hundred
percent but we might be at the universal
gathering there's like a Halloween
Horror Nights thing actually Universal
wants us to film the haunted houses for
you guys in the other countries and in
other states who can't make you to
Halloween Horror Nights so they were
like hey do you want to film the haunted
houses will totally that's you do it
which is really good considering I don't
have to sneak it now but I never did
that to begin with oh oh oh oh and one
last thing one last thing before I has
to continue running I was looking
through old folders old video folders
and I found a theme song that mystery
guitar man did for me back I think it
was probably in 2007 so today's outro is
going to be one that mystery guitar man
did for me about three or four years ago
and in more good news
I just got a text message from Dave days
he's going to redo the punk theme song
that DayTripper 22 did he's gonna
rerecord it and put a Dave days twist on
it okay you're just being dramatic now
all right you done can we go inside
please what's up let's go you slow me
down I'm recording this for the vlogs
you want to say hi to everybody the
internet just to get camera shy just to
get camera shy Marley's freaking out
Marley is freaking out have you ever
seen a dog I check
and looks like a clover field like movie
I've never seen a dog do i chat before
it's the first the first
see all that delicious were you dreaming
about that could we do it tomorrow Lee
okay all right they can have half of
that half of that please okay you just
swallowed it jerk now the bonus videos
of the day click the left video if you
want to see me rapping like a badass
click the right video if you want to see
my little sister's latest video but
don't worry you can just click the back
button and watch both of them sound like
there's gonna be a line behind the door
or will it no there won't or will it now
I won't enjoy the videos well animal
this guy who's really trippy his videos
are so heavy now it's time for you to
subscribe to this guy his name's Charles
Trippy
