are you done yet are you done yet your
Mars are you done yet
are you done yet are you done yet are
you done yet yeah sweet thanks to you
guys we found that there actually is a
Guitar Center in Tallahassee so you want
to go check it out you see those bases
right there that is the base that I
always wanted to just call a music man
ever since I could remember that's the
base I wanted to actually have to put a
particular one right there but it's like
$2500 too expensive are there are free
camps but the sad thing is like bands
like ac/dc have stuff like that what is
it the world's loudest band everyone
just met Jared and he is great at bass
so we asked if we can record I'm going
to show you guys just to show you how
awesome is I don't even play and are you
in Evander
that's awesome
best of luck to you I was meant to care
there you go man chairs you never know
how you'll find a big guitar Center up
in to be a we had to go get a little
recording device so we can plug the bass
and the guitar into the computer and we
we met that gentleman and he is really
good at bass Ali wants to have a
dance-off this is Ali's challenge to
Justine
yeah show up
get it mimic it
pretty good
I figured feeding you actually
all right so we got a desktop recording
studio so this time we're gonna actually
be able to record something nice all
right at least make it sound nicer you
help me
you wanna help me here's a guilty
pleasure you know the smell of
electronics like brand new electronics
that smell that's one of those smells
that I really like that gasoline it
sounds so awful to say out loud but like
ya wouldn't get a new product and you
smell it that's probably like poison
probably poisoning myself this is
awesome okay this is just a tip I'm just
playing around with this see if I can
actually do this and look at I already
got part of it
I want are down it's actually really
cool you can have your own like
artificial apps so I can go like this
they can go ready
this is awesome I want to spend a lot of
time on this no open doors always open
sounds pretty good right
what guys think just for tests it's
pretty good
I'm really impressed with GarageBand
remember the other day when I told you
guys to send picture messages of a punch
buggy to your friends well a couple of
you guys did and I just wanted to show
you my favorite ones so cue montage now
yep I'm not the only nerd hey you gonna
kill me here come on let's just ahead of
the geese but yeah yeah oh you chased
him away I guess it was the running I'm
going to eat them sit down sit good girl
good girl
do you guys remember that one day where
Ali let her off the let Marley off the
leash and she went into the water
oh those scary Oh reinforcements coming
you guys are screwed now what are you
doing making a brand new carpet all
stinky that's cool that's really nice of
you read the movie time to watch it I'll
report back at the end one thing I've
noticed is that the voice isn't as
annoying as it usually is
two hours you gotta get a tone it down a
little bit you don't I mean what do you
think of Fred so far all right well the
movie is over I think I'm just too old
to be watching Nickelodeon cuz when I
was a kid Nickelodeon shows were awesome
we had written Stimpy okay Ren and
Stimpy alone Rocko's Modern Life put
like run ends hippie Frank Zappa was a
part of that and if you don't know the
Frank Zappa is that's not really a kids
show you don't mean
so like the kid shows that are
Nickelodeon now our serious kid shows
just Google just Google Frank Zappa just
Wikipedia Frank Zappa yeah ask your
parents who Frank Zappa but think of
this is I got so annoyed with all the
commercials I'll make it alone in two
because I like all these shows are just
so cheesy
it was an interesting movie let's just
put it that way it's really cool that a
youtuber has her own movie I know Ryan
nigahiga has one too but I don't know
hey quit licking your butts I don't know
so what'd you guys think it was the
fried movie a mr. worm what's going on
you're slow you playing with the worm
come
you okay run away so I just put the
Publix about 30 minutes before they
close and I was only buying a couple of
things I was trying to be really quick
about it the cashier had told the girl
who was backing my groceries in 20
minutes you can go start locking people
outside the store and then he turned
seven he goes so how are you this
evening I feel bad I was there late but
I wasn't like buying a whole house worth
of groceries oh he definitely was trying
to make me feel bad though has that ever
happened to you or someone's like trying
to make it really obvious that they're
really pissed that you're there and they
want to go home because that definitely
just happens tell him no Zoey Tony can't
have it
bring your diets delicious
it's outrageous c is for cookie it's
good enough for me z is for Zoey G's
gotta go pee okay no no Zoey hear what
your favorite read ever the trash is
that what you want okay here we go your
favorite ever
she keeps running into the wall I don't
know a drunk
Katja
June
there
