Oh glory do they know
this is awesome just like a remix of the
hypnotoad thing I guess from Futurama
anyway so we are currently going to Best
Buy because I'm going to buy a guitar
and another bass because Ali and I
almost actually a year ago from the day
you're watching this assuming you're
watching this on the 19th
it is the 18th September 18th on
September 19 2009 Ali and I did a cover
of The Plain White T's
one two three four like an acoustic
version which she was living in Spain
and I was back here in the States
if you didn't see that it's right here
on the screen you can click it and go
check it out so for the year anniversary
actually it's just a coincidence so I
want to do a cover of a song called
after hours by We Are Scientists so
we're gonna go get a guitar and a bass
and then I'm gonna get Charlie puth to
do a drum track and we're gonna try to
recreate that song ourselves and have
Ally singing it you didn't see the Plain
White T's one that we did Ali didn't
know I was actually gonna throw that one
online anyway so we're gonna go get a
guitar and a bass because I left all
that stuff in Sarasota hey you're
missing half of your pants the only
thing that really sucks about
Tallahassee's there really isn't a music
store you have to go to Best Buy to buy
guitars it's kind of kind of a lame fail
right there all right which ones do we
want to get I definitely want to get an
SG I think SG is the best
what do you think
we need to get we need to get a guitar
and a bass understand the store they out
of fact no but I mean like I just don't
know how you do it I know what we're
basically making a ball down every yeah
so it's either between this one we're
gonna go with the hollyball hollow-body
prank vs. prank guys gave you that
sheriff my birthday and Charles stolen
yes
no Jesse's right you're sure this is
like like awesome place to get
electronic stuff happening when we go to
try and demo things I don't I'm not like
well-versed in guitar enough to be able
to just play off the cuff so having
Cathy do it yeah you're just gonna play
the brain and blood okay so we got new
addition that's such a sweet guitar that
is my favorite guitar of all times the
Gibson SG is so awesome they don't have
the American they don't have the
American guys oh yeah so Cassie it was
the one that helped us and she watches
our videos and she was really she's
pretty good guitarist to carry this to
broke the legs try to walk it up fuck
you too bitch call the cops I will kill
you motherfucking baka da when the cops
by the way guys I have to address this
yesterday I said memo was talking about
four-way stops and how the person on the
Left tester right away
I meant the right I was thinking of
something else I know I just I know how
to drive I just I just like miss
misspoke shaky booty
all right fine
yell out in everyone ignore Marley
everyone ignore Marley I guess we
shouldn't ignore you
you like the new guitar hey twiddle dum
hey Tweedledum take my tail wags too
much I'm sorry Zoey you have a lethal
weapon on your butt that was so funny
you guys probably could see it happening
I just reviewed the tape and you could
just see it like okay that's gonna spill
that's gonna spill that's build all
right so now that we have all the
instruments we got our acoustic we got
our bass we got the electric and this is
my amp I don't know if I've ever showed
you guys my bass amp basically it's
right here it's an 8 10 and PEG cabinet
yes and then this is my SVT 3 Pro head
so it's gonna be awesome my neighbors
are gonna hate me
no I just I've got to figure out how to
get everything out wait your skirt grew
legs magic oh it's my baby haven't seen
you in so long
look Marley it's like at least 30 of you
all right let's see if this beast still
works
I know the pieces
also go away
well he's like I'm leaving I'm leaving
char neighbors are gonna love us because
that day's tab is travelling right down
into their ceiling yeah I'm filming you
hi we can watch rap videos through the
back of that car what video is that I
can't tell it does look like MTV MTV yo
raps whoa
gettin dizzy where does I never seen
like as far as a TV in a car as I was
driving by sort of like this and now you
can see you can see it even from there
and the guy was playing porn in the back
of his car that's he's playing that for
nobody that's weird
that was definitely very awkward at a
stoplight gotta make a paper football
however that website it's pretty cool
website
you know what I just remembered that we
forgot to explain what that whistle is
on aliens
it is not a naughty
it's not a sexual violation they're
basically the guinea pigs they basically
draw fire so that you see where the good
the fire people are hiding so Ali is
dominated and they give you a whistle
he's not a sexual violation whistle
did you girls watch the Fred movie while
we were gone
yeah was it good we missed the Fred
movie yes for those of you didn't know
Lucas aka Fred had a movie come out on
Nickelodeon that was a Nickelodeon yeah
so yeah did you guys see we missed it we
were out to eat so I guess I'm gonna
have to like TiVo it or I guess you
can't TiVo it because those already
passed but I'm sure it'll be out
somewhere but if you saw it I know it
okay here's the thing if you're not a
big fan of what yeah that's true here's
the thing you guys even if you're not a
fan of Fred like the thing is I can't
really watch a Fred video but the thing
is I'm incredibly proud of that a
youtuber I like how there's so many
distractions on Thursday that a youtuber
get their own movie I mean that's really
cool a youtuber has their own movie on
Nickelodeon I mean even if you hate Fred
you got to appreciate the fact that he's
the youtuber he came from YouTube and he
has his own movie on Nickelodeon so
that's a step in the right direction for
Internet killing TV or at least making
friends with each other and then
youtubers being accepted and respected
TV needs to respect you they need to
respect the YouTube community and I
think it's gonna happen it's really cool
it's really exciting to see what's gonna
happen in the next five years dun dun
you
you
