ah that was awesome hey that's for the
silly string douche bag oh you know we
didn't care you just want your pillow
that was how various love you Ali right
in the class it's really funny if you
put somebody who drives in America in a
four-way stop I think their head
explodes with stupidity have you ever
noticed that when you pull up to a
four-way stop no one knows how to work
it they never know the person on the
left with the husband right away and
things like that they don't know the
basic rules of the four way stop unless
you give them a like a traffic light
like this like this section um their
head just explodes anyway good morning
guys yeah needless to say I am up after
that little horn to the face she got me
she got me I guy I have to I have to
give props where props to do she's
scared the crap out of me it was pretty
good though unfortunately she scared
this little munchkin that one too I have
to burn that vuvuzela I wish I could
fall asleep that is he in a car I always
get carsick much better don't talk to me
until I get my coffee just don't talk to
me until you know that commercial is at
McDonald's or Burger King we're the guys
just like walking it's being a complete
asshole to everybody he's just like
don't talk to me until I have my coffee
don't you just want to like smack him in
the face bitch I'll talk to you that
commercial and the state farm commercial
just annoy the heck out of me like you
know the one where somebody will be
talking and then he'll just butt in and
interrupt everybody though they'll try
to finish the sentence and he just keeps
interrupting people why would you use
that as a campaign it just makes you
seem like abrasive and that you don't
listen you know the commercials I'm
talking about are there any other
commercials that are completely annoying
that I'm missing I missed the Geico
caveman commercials
oh you up now that was pretty funny dude
how about you oh jeez you both are so
tired ah it's just a beat on Charles
kind of day I feel like not my day
second yo fuck yeah i still like every
time I come here I seem some kind of
song about doing this I'm gonna make a
song about the p.o box eventually I just
talking about how every time I come in
here and sing a song about coming to p.o
box but it's never the same song you
always make up a song yeah today was
going to the p.o box cut it is the shade
oh yeah we have that ipod shirt Shh so
we're gonna try to find something that
can keep the dogs still in the car
because i'm gonna try to clean the car
i'm gonna try to get all the hair out
which is gonna take me hours and i'm
gonna try to find something that will
keep them sitting down other than a seat
belt while we have seat belts but like
something that would keep the hair in an
area that's not disgusting sugar gets w
at spiked collar you try it out a one to
ten scale who's calling unknown decline
comfy
does that one better what's the ultimate
test good actually it's just an excuse
to test things huh yeah cuz you get him
a toothbrush for the tea faces their key
phases I'm pretty sure what what did
dogs do before the invention of a dog
toothbrush it's like people forget that
they're animals and that they can take
care of himself this is actually what
Marley got out of when she was little
what she would do let me show you
exactly what she did it was obviously a
lot bigger she would take this area that
was actually latched differently and she
would put her little cloth or blanket
under here and then she'd pull it and
then it pull like this and everything
would collapse yeah well they have
Chihuahuas and stuff like that put that
in there yeah but that's how little
Houdini used to get out of her cage
pretty impressive actually for that
little dog Marley needs this whoops
why'd you do that let me get us kicked
out let me see how big this is converted
your head
nice waiting for the insurance company
to give me a rental car for monday and
i've been on hold for like 20 minutes
this is insurance company sucks oh man
let's continue on our quest to ruin
Charles this day you ready okay we're
continuing on a question ruin your day
look in the one the very left on the end
to throws at her to miss cuttle do that
right here oh it's a tarantula good
manner that's so weird how old is this
leopard gecko he's a lazy one that's
really tired he actually thought they
looked not very good I know I was
freaking out I was waiting for you I
gotta I gotta zoom in on this all night
look at that dude he's like the size of
my thumb he's tiny that's well if my son
looks gigantic that's so cool like dizzy
you know how small it is but that is
tiny does he get bigger oh he's so cute
he's not technically a turtle here the
tortoise hey hey I want to be on the
Internet you're so weird it's a bearded
dragon right yeah duh get out my beard
rival Shay calls it's a shaycarl dragon
it's a dragon tarde that's the tranches
but well he's coming closer he's coming
closer the clover field mouse oh my gosh
yeah this looks huge but here's my
finger and there's a turtle that's
awesome Ali's forgetting that Marley's a
dog she wanted to put her in this all
right this is where i had the boy foot
down Marley's a training school dropout
she didn't go to college oh god it's
Love Bug season again all right does the
strangest bugs you've ever seen
come on aboard
quit moving can't focus those are what
you call love bugs and they are
everywhere in Florida always at the same
time too and they're the strangest
looking things like the myth is that
they were of cross between the
University of Florida did it cross
between a mosquito and a fly but I think
that's an a legend type thing but they
are so strange because they're attached
and I don't know why they're attached
cuz they're not reproducing when they're
detached they died right when they're
attached to reproducing yeah well cuz I
thought they were always at either
situation do animals put their bones
together I don't think animals put their
bums together in general reproduce what
I mean so it is a hundred degrees
through its too far and I'm trying to
get all the hair off the car this is
proven to be a pain in the butt right
that starts a lot it's just too far
sings can't reach knob to turn off its
Weezer so it's okay it's okay what do
you guys think of the new weezer
actually I didn't like it at first but i
really like it now not a huge fan of the
cover but freaking see you guys like it
if not what is your favorite Weezer
album mines either maladroit or
Pinkerton part of the rules you can't
say the blue album because the blue
album is like the best rock album ever
so other than the blue album what's your
favorite Weezer album I don't know where
I got bullying it this after and then
this is before it's pretty impressive
little thing I wish I knew what was
called alright so let's see how much
hair we can fill in
after we're done with this I got my by
Ghostbuster nozzle and we're gonna see
how much we can get a head bang when I
clean so uh oh alright so much hair I
just got out see that's not too bad it's
not too bad somebody gross did Ali clean
the carpets in here yay no more donkey
butts now guess she doesn't like my
voice oh she's gonna puke puke on the
brand-new carpet before after check it
out looks brand new doesn't it it only
took what four hours it's a good feeling
you know like when you vacuum and clean
and dust it's very therapeutic if you
will maybe I sound like a 50s housewife
look who was on Ali's car Rick Ross Waka
Flocka and
Oh like that she didn't hesitate watch
the second i hit the buttons when she
freaks out ready
she's always gentle
why are you so evil huh I can't believe
these things with a toy last year the
last it toy for Christmas that I
remember was Tickle Me Elmo that was
like 10 years ago Oh barks there's get
scared you're nice too little tiny
creatures i know you're nice too tiny
creatures you is that that rat terrier
in you I'm only doing what it was bred
to do wait wait wait to close the daddy
what a strange boy and it's dead this
how man rolls cords careful careful I
think you need it I think you need to
have some safety harness good job baby
whoa
well I don't know if you can see but our
apartment complex has a movie theater
going right now that's kind of cool one
down one to go hey you're interrupting
my speech
what movie they're playing inglourious
basterds that bit Brad Pitt know what
movie is that I hope somebody in the
comments knows he's gonna regret
I gotta give it to our apartment complex
that's pretty cool all right so we're
gonna meet up with her friends oh by the
way look how awesome okay this is the
funniest thing when I was little you
can't really tell in the living room but
you can in the bedroom can you see the
little lines with the carpet shampooer
and the vacuum went through when I was
little when I was little and my mom
would vacuum I'd always go like this see
if it I see you can see it okay what's
this forget I just showed you that it's
the little things guys the little things
anyway so we're gonna go to this place
it's called like level level 7 or
something like this remind you we're not
in LA we're in Tallahassee and Ali's
like you need to dress up but I'm like
we're in Tallahassee a college you know
college town people are gonna be wearing
white t-shirts and cut off pants so
guess what i'm wearing cutoff pants and
a white t-shirt and i can get into a
club / bar / saloon in LA like this I
can definitely get into Tallahassee
clubs I only made me change ah that's a
good parking job but you've got to turn
your lights off honey that's a good
parallel parking job though
like so bad but you just whip that out
yeah okay moving on so I've been
seriously considering going to the
October thirtieth 2010 you know the jon
stewart and colbert thing that's gonna
be happening at the washed or sanity
it's washington mall right do you guys
think we should go okay not only should
we go which side should be beyond should
we go the rally to restore peace or the
rally to restore fear keep fear alive
sanity restore sanity or keep fear alive
let us know in the comments which side
we should be on when we go so we're
going up there apparently so we'll see
what this is about
very much very fun
what happens the beer
get your own little couch
there's downtown tallahassee what little
we have
and that's a car and that right there I
would say if the gas is the stadium the
glowing orb ok so the posh level just
went up fivefold I don't know why I'm
saying posh I'm just gonna stare saying
posh from now on it's so posh somebody
left that posh drink
and even James Bond who left that drink
only James Bond drinks those things I
know we've been gone a while what what's
up Tweedledee Tweedledum there's
Tweedledum is everyone jumping on the
bed
all right everyone's going insane Wow ok
Oh
we can hardly wait
the cheer
you will sleep in
working here
you Marley
