welcome to CTFxC of unboxing day number
what is it 50 350
is up there anyway we're opening up all
these packages or what something in
there something in there for you what is
it what's in there it's really fun to
watch the dogs like sniff the boxes cuz
I want to see which ones might have like
dog treats or dog like dog toys and for
some reason they get it every single
tell you think it's that one you've been
going to that one you think is that one
Marley just does not carry it guarantee
if there's a toy in there she will flip
out alright so this is from Samantha
from Connecticut awesome she sent the
pretzel M&M there's like oh I knew those
good but if she goes cross-eyed these
were delicious I know I'm gonna I'm
gonna break my little tact but it's only
one JJ's better from Connecticut I think
so fresh ramen amps good going
Connecticut oh she said that you guys
were nice doggies yeah little does she
know how evil you can be but she said
you remind her a buddy okay Samantha di
just read your letter and um first thank
you your really sweet inside you don't
worry don't worry about college are you
you'll be manifest yeah like I you're
like trying to like speak and usually
honor so good trying to give an
inspiring speech and I'm eating it on em
so that was really sweet of you and
don't worry about College you'll be fine
she called me an old fart hey on the
birthday card Samantha algae Arizona is
that what people in Arizona I do yeah
cuz G they made millions and millions of
dollars yeah did you guys see 50 cent
how skinny he is he's like he's like
skinny like Bob Saget looks like a mummy
yeah he looks like Bob Saget skinny oh
ok I posted something on Twitter earlier
today it was really funny I was trying
to be really like it's an archaeology
class the professor
is really smart and a lot to offer when
you pick things on the board like early
homo and wild ass hunting I just can't
keep it together dun dun dun dun duh
fell Wow very hot French mustard whoo I
like my surgeon mr. that I am going to
try that right now who is its horn
that's a lot I know I need milk
seriously how many times you've seen him
eat something hot in the kitchen don't
drink out of my milk jug you're
disgusting and now I'm gonna have French
hot backwash in there uh-huh it's got
hot from Angela are from Houston dicks
you get more mustache realize how do you
make counterfeit silly bands like
actually how do you patent silly bands
together someone sent us dang it it's
like one of those stupid magic things
and you try to get them apart another
stuck there are thumbs up paper clips
that's cool everyone's on this video up
thumb this video because the paper clips
they say LeBron engraved dog tags for us
yes whoa business it says CTFxC is
engraved in there and then roffle on the
other side very source of macro that's
pretty sweet oh that's awesome looking
like total they say that's awesome thank
you Ron ok I want to say thank you to
wolf or Chris actually here Ali come sit
over here cuz I'm like shooting into the
light and then you're turning all
silhouetting you too chris g for these
zombie story there was about CCA is this
a zombie story about CTFxC it's a book
that's a scroll made for us it's their
silly band twins that's tomorrow that is
so funny look at her eyes that is
exactly what she looks like when there's
like cheese a major Twitter
I'm afraid to look at what I'm when I
was like oh the platypus I can't turn it
off this is from Lydia where Zoey I got
to go again it's like what what was I
Casey yeah she's a cool all right check
these out Brad and Angelina and a little
kit was a little kids name again oh is
that Jennifer Aniston in the background
I zombies all right there's Michael
Jackson as a zombie uh that is David
okay the Beckham people and then who's
this one Snoop Dogg in the middle Oh
what is this called Hollywood zombies
the back of it card is his lyrics and
it's called drop em in a plot instead of
dropping like a pot it has fun it says
this is like the real song it's like I
can't rap rap it but it's like I'm a
zombie but y'all knew that change my
name to dig yeah I had to do that I keep
the shovel hanging by my grave side I'm
the undead living on the dark side we
just dug from I think this is the Doug
that we met and hung out with in orlando
surprise I'm dog the guy that found the
cow met you at Universal Studios look at
that I am awesome okay okay I'll take
this d0 UGK okay he said he gave us ice
shooter space away that's from the nerd
uh the magazine thinkgeek are well
thinking oh shit what is this Zoe that's
like a high-power crazy good okay sorry
oh Jesus thanks dude I think Zoe is
going to yeah she's gonna be a little
bit batshit insane for the next couple
hours no no I'm so looking forward I had
to run it out the door that's what we
have to do with the laser we have to
open the door and run it out the door so
it's a go it's gone she'll still look
alright this is from Alex Miller I
haven't seen any package actually
wrapped you know like when you think of
a package you get the brown wrapping
that's exactly the edge oh the secret
code I'd love freaking connects I
haven't seen these and forever dude good
next bro for real I love this shit the
dog thing is treats looks like a roller
coaster oh shit it's oh shit yeah boo
nice i think that's how she said I think
that's actually on tonight our Alex's
the instructions can be found right here
these are your instructions sweet i'm
right now filling it with my imagination
she's like roller coaster hey girl alex
is the YouTube his video and stuff I
think it's 11 or I i I'm just don't
really know they have a bell tel you'd
open stuff again you guys remember you
don't have to send us things save your
money for yourself if you want to send
us like artwork and stuff that you've
made that stole ago I just feel really
bad if you like you know like send a
stuff state is your money oh goodness
this is from sigh from Texas what is
this one look at the monkey my god the
monkey apple and banana flavored dog
treat I want any one of those key one I
love it I love these things they
actually tastes really good for dog
cookies they are freaking out yes okay
baby watch their noses wait those aren't
the good ones remember no go on all
right hmm we're go pick one day all of
them you want all of them pick one not
that one yeah no do let her get it out i
was gonna cute yeah i don't know what
the nutritional value of the dog cookie
was get it you just like two one hey get
those sprinkles
yeah okay here's a pet peeve though
toyshop e I hate when things are like
that by the shop apple and banana flavor
I dare to eat it oh you want to smell it
before you go for it maitama smell it oh
that is awful okay this once this is
tango calm but it doesn't have a
reference from yeah it doesn't have a
look oh my god is a cool shirt oh man
that's hilarious awesome yeah I don't
know who said whoever sent this thank
you guys so much um I don't know it
didn't come with a name or anything like
that you guys again you don't have to
spend money just send us things you she
just stole it so it's not out of the box
yet hang on but again you guys just you
can send us like artwork and stuff and
save your money for or just a letter
saying oh yeah Leonard I mean myself
letter that you hand-wrote for free it's
fine I feel so guilty but I do i do
appreciate this very very much and i
will wear it all the time hurry what is
that hell is this what is that one of
those it was that a hamster that just
mood you want your cow go we check out
this is from Jennifer does is n Andy
Jennifer + + e+ granny census it's like
a hamster looking thing that's meowing
mooing and a lotta noise freakin marlea
their username is Miss jaybird 78 yeah
but please Oh Marley Marley
nom nom nom
oh my gosh so that's what that thing
does Marley she's like at the rat and
I'm a rat terrier come on just make it
move for that is kind of scary how she
acts of that thing i love how Marley
just like cake since I got wrong and
just like runs away with it Marley
doesn't even hesitate like I'm gonna go
kill this I'll be back later I think
Marley and Zoey have a new favorite toy
it's like one of those devil furries you
know the ones that just never turned off
it won't turn on oh yeah that's me like
night we got a couple more to do and
then we're gonna go get some dinner it's
been an interesting unboxing what all
right so I'm gonna take a hammer to that
thing in a little bit all right this is
from andrew s from jersey from jersey
everyone fist pump everyone fist pump
all right this is from andrew w drums
for those those who don't really
understand this inside joke it's if
you're subscribed to our cell phone
channel this makes total sense because
the last couple of days I've been
filming Eminem videos just for fun
because you know that's what the cell
phone channels from and yeah we have
more Eminem we couldn't find me here
they are you can't have those are not
that kids dog Drake LA what's his name
is what what I don't know BS are his
initials and he is cillian and German I
don't know oh it's brian from brian is
it Brian you couldn't figure out Brian's
we
it was like brain is famous brain or
bronze it was so what bernie is ok
whatever was what they said thanks Brian
that's rad geely must be French black
bear productions hi oh that's not the
opening you guys are like all up in her
grill right now like mine presents from
me don't think I don't see it yet I'm
pretty sure look at Zoe she's already
aware of what's in this box we got
choice for Marley Zoe Tyson and Kobe
they allowed to pick what they want your
New York friends Casey and rich um and
these guys have a little company called
black bear productions they're gonna
make blog student so watch for that oh
my goodness look they made these okay
let me run wrap all these CT F X see
that's really creative bride-to-be Ali
that's really cool it really blows my
mind because I remember when the CTFxC
first emerged I never thought it would
be this big sorry I just want to say
thank you i hope you enjoyed unboxing
number two i hope you guys are really
liking having this as a separate part of
the vlog and that way we can like try to
incorporate everything you guys say send
and include detail with it so again
don't really know how to end this just
want to say thank you like that that's
all we're going to end it if you're
watching this before the vlog you can
click go back to it and you can go back
to the vlog so yeah alright guys we'll
see you tomorrow that's pretty cute
