good morning guys it's Thursday what
does that mean i don't really know it's
a fourth day in the week what do you
want a silly band one of you silly bands
huh geez we have a silly band factory
you guys want to see something you want
to sale cute Ali's being look at this
this is so adorable all right so she's
been purchased she's been practicing
your signature for when we get married
alli trippy look at that which one do
you guys like she's between this one and
I think this one oh I just thought that
was adorable like I'm time she said
thing I know mommy's cute isn't she it's
so adorable no not again I'm currently
trying to find a goodwill around here I
remember remember we saw that sign that
was like completely misspelled I just
don't remember where that is it way I
went through the closet the prop closet
and I got rid of a bunch of stuff I feel
I always feel really terrible just
throwing away things especially toys or
like things like full props not really
poised so I'm trying to find a good
wheel so I can at least give it to
somebody but I also feel bad like giving
them junk you only mean like I always
feel like I'm just giving junk because
i'm not using it but i noticed somebody
else it might not be junk does that make
any sense well there's a donation center
is it the same thing I guess can drop
donate your car donate your cars okay
well I guess you could donate your cars
I should donate that biatches car who
ran into mine to find her donate her car
oh by the way yeah that's turning into a
fiasco yeah I said the word fiasco it's
that crazy it's getting annoying too I
was easy Oh could I got okay here's a
little bit of FSU trivia for TDC that FS
CW up there that is the emblem from when
this was the florida state college for
women before it became a
co-educational facility or wait now
correct no whatever mind if I join you
my boyfriend hello she's a grade-a this
guy always just chills out here looking
pensively at ruby diamond sorry Charles
I have a new man in my life oh my god
they totally stole that it just goes to
show you guys don't throw away things
that other people could use that would
have been bad mm-hmm listening this band
one of you guys sent it i guess is one
of your bands actually pretty good it's
like a plot its kind of poppy but it's
kind of like a combination of all time
low cartel but I called later days and
that was not an endorsement I just
thought they were pretty good when is it
gonna start getting cool in Florida not
like awesome cool but like told cool it
is 93 degree it is 93 degrees out then
you put the Florida humidity on top of
it it's like billion degrees that's
right a billion in other words is super
hot funny miss Kalia
oh yes hey hey Internet okay don't judge
me it has it has good stuff for you it
has caffeine and that's really good for
you it makes your body go fast and you
know what when I run I need to go fast
last time I was here my car got hit in
the butt hopefully that doesn't happen
again you know honestly I have to be
honest with you guys the reason why I
haven't vlogged a whole lot on my own on
campuses because I get really
embarrassed talking to a camera when I'm
by myself so that's maybe why but I'll
work on it some more i'll start um i'll
start vlogging more for you guys on
campus just kind of nerves of steel baby
oh my god you guys I don't know where
that direction let you would okay this
is me being honest part two part dos for
the day I suck at directions so try to
find a way around everything and i
literally just drove a complete circle
in the opposite direction of where i was
trying to get you guys keep an eye out
in the back okay she looks like she's
getting too close holler holla man i
freakin love random days i do i love
random days i just totally got scolded
by the coffee girl she okay so I have
these gift cards right and she gave it
back because there was nothing on it so
I bent it up so that's when you knew
with gift cards when there were there
empty and she's like no movies words
like know fairly you can reload those I
don't know it's into behind me guys I'm
just keep an eye just keep this one hat
where it happened less and I just want
to make sure coffee girl was pretty
funny cuz it's random Thursday yeah it's
random Thursday it's red Thursday yeah
Brenda Thursday coffee thursday yeah
it's coffee thursday random thursday
it's random coffee thursday oh that was
good i'm coming for you Yelawolf you
remember him with the one cent CD anyway
all right some of you got it some of you
somebody were like yeah I know he's
talking about other people are like I
don't get it what's going on and the
Comets are probably really scrolling
really hard right now let's let's make
the comment scroll like a waterfall cuz
that's what the goldwater follow
comments everyone just start posting
start posting random shit and the
comment and let's like the comments go
crazy right about now look it's a
waterfall down there huh you guys did it
I'm totally assuming that you guys did
it if you did not just look like a
complete idiot I'm gonna totally punch
Ali be a picture message oh yeah i'm a
nerd this is a perfect example of how
awesome a HDR is on this thing let me
show it to you really quick
that's what I love about LOL brings out
the sky you could actually see the
clouds what was it talking about oh yeah
we're nerdy punching alley okay and send
BAM alley just got owned through a
picture message the lady right next to
me just i'll be doing that and now she's
looking at me giving faces see if i can
show you good there sir just there she's
making dirty faces at me stare he's here
mmm see I scared her off she's leaving
my lady I wasn't bad scary was i oh you
know what else is good about thursday
its trail thursday yes you don't know
what trejo thursday is check it out
links in the sub bar I've recorded 40
clips already today and I have no idea
what we're talking about ah supposed to
be honest am I taking the game of punch
buggy a little too far or to the extreme
max you know what this is what I want
you guys to do I want you guys to take a
photo of a punch buggy and send it to
your friend picture message saying
whatever color punch buggy no punch is
back report back to here and let me know
what they say it'll be our first CTFxC
interactive mission game I guess we
gotta think of something shorter baby in
addition to telling me in the comments
what they said if you want to actually
take a photo or a screenshot of what
they said back to you I posted a blog
post on internet killed TV comlinks down
there to sub bar if you want to upload
like a link on twitpic and it's like put
it on that blog post i will pick the
best interesting or just weird ones and
show them on the vlog the next couple
days can't take a screenshot our photo
you can just tell me in the comments
that be funny but I want to see
screenshots or photos so put them on our
website this should be pretty
interesting I wish the camera was
rolling I went to check the p.o box and
I pulled yeah I pulled this out of the
pull this out of the peel box and the
guy just kind of looked at me I just was
like um that was weird he's like yeah
what's the same so since it's Thursday I
have to figure out what this thing is
okay so it was up to you guys and you
guys said that every time every thursday
i should open up packages and do a
second video like i did last week so if
you want to see all the the mail you
guys can click on the video at the end
of this video and go watch it I'm gonna
cheat really quickly because I have to
know what's in this I do it I knew that
was the simpsons it was this from cut I
can't figure this out oh I guess it's
from leroy sparkles from belgium so when
Ali gets home we'll open up the rest of
the packages like a separate video like
we did last week since you guys liked it
so much not only about here to document
my life but I'm here to make you happy
I'm ignoring you I'm ignoring you I'm
ignoring you they get the calm and quiet
they don't like to be ignored us for
sure how are you you know I can taste
now the dreaded task of cleaning off the
desk
we having a staring contest totally
gonna win
I win oh you lost yeah all right hey
cleaning off my desk get the cockaroach
looks the way to cockroach it's moving
all right looking a little bit better
but I was listening to the new linkin
park CD and i wanted to address
something okay listen this song is
called sere it's called wretches and
kings right and I just want you to
listen this really quickly okay let's
see I just lost it okay now look at this
this is from a van one of my favorite
band ever called good riddance and this
is from I want to say like 1999 okay
listen to this song is called article
for now listen good when it first it's
not really that big of deal cuz it's a
sound bite but I just thought it'd be
kind of interesting to show you guys if
you don't know how good riddance is
unfortunately broke up go check them out
they're awesome my Ally put all my porn
trading cards for Vegas you know the the
prostitute cards I can't even show me
because i don't i don't feel like like
blurring everything out but this whole
area is full of them i have to throw
these who ahead why would you put them
up there what a goof up now that's a
clean desk how boy proud of myself good
job Charles pat on the shoulder pat on
the shoulder oh so okay I've been having
a lot of comments because you guys can
see this in the background yes I have an
ipod collection I have almost all the
ipods I don't know why I just like
gadgets and tech stuff so I've been
collecting them there's the first
shuffle this is the first actual ipod
itself got all the iphones got the first
nexus one right there google phone yes
i'm a complete dweeb and then i got
these these are cool these are like my
prior
joy right here this is from YouTube live
like first flip cams Oh take that sorry
Marley I completely forgot you're
definitely afraid of that thing I'm
sorry you two aren't you I'm sorry hey
there mr. ladybug oh he's moving oh this
one oh he's done to hear the dog it's
like a chew toy hey I gotta cheat I got
a chew toy out here for you let me sniff
your butt let me sniff your butt every
weird people sick but I every weird I
think I discovered the root of Marley's
alpha missed I think it's right here
it's her spiked collar I wonder if we
took that off if you turn into this
innocent dog I think she just tried to
be a hard-ass cuz she's got this like be
a caller who so i just got done running
and now it's time to open up some
packages I almost just stab myself in
the face did you see that I went like
this and I just left so if you guys want
see these packages being open you guys
suggested make a separate video so it's
down there in the video responses or
I'll be at the end of this video just
like last week it'll be the unboxing the
CTFxC unboxing it's not too many today
so I can get through this you want to go
see it go check it out we've sent this
to us and so we and Marley has been
freaking hook
get a Zoe so if you guys want to see the
rest of it they'll be in the video at
the end of this or in this video
description I just wanna I just want to
stand up again like it was you know what
is that thing I've never seen something
like that it's a tremor Kevin Bacon must
be around here what kind of leverage a
bug like that can half but it pull my
teeth out of my hand with three degrees
from Kevin Bacon hey guys now the vlog
is over you can click right here and go
to the unboxing or opening of the mail
that you guys said we should do so it's
gonna be a separate video just click
here and you can go see some of the
crazy things that we got in the mail
this week so just click right there to
click it you didn't click it yet cuz
you're still listening you guys can
click it and come back and listen to the
theme song after okay see you guys
tomorrow
but you
we'll see
merci
be it too
God
don't forget your Harley
you
