and later
good morning everyone tonight today
actually just feels like tonight though
gleaming we are leaving for Hawaii
finally probably one of the longest
flight or trips I think that we've ever
taken without going to Australia so and
I think Ali and Valentina and the girls
are already flying out there so they're
definitely going to beat us and enjoy
the Sun and the sand and all the cliche
things that I possibly could say right
now this week is going to be freaking
awesome
okay you doesn't want to let me go okay
so that's me I'll have it right away
cool these British Airways do not lose
this again I would love to play this
thing in life
I got a finalist
a lot of losing
when he keep looking one fitting here
this cavity here no no we are growing it
was a weight capacity or fortunate right
now pushing the dogfish into this so I
obviously just got this security then
I'm trying to find the gate it's a
little confusing here okay 14 15 almost
like at the time so I'm trying to figure
this out or anyone else right now
everyone got stuck in different area 14
16 okay I'm an idiot so at 14 15 is when
the gate shows like that I had to be
explained to this because I'm a freaking
idiot you see water sort of that means I
think it's been closest equivalent like
Gatorade or Powerade
I think gaining this way at the wait
until 1415 was 23 15 find out what Jaden
that's bitchin 12:1
well 114 so at 114 kind of brain is
almost from the store never mind I think
it's 250 I said to think about that
really good if it's not I'm officially
an idiot well I've been trying to find a
pair of glasses that I had for years and
what a head the mayor will find it
anywhere a lot my lord in accord with
and you find it xx Krabs had that pair
and I had that they're moving funnier is
now we both had the same pair of keys
purse old hello the way I found
everybody found fanny and mate tribe was
there so what's pretend tribes right
there please no longer there
this is a lot more fun than meeting a
little rap on myself on the other side
yeah what's fun over here they try to
ditch me that's pretty much what
happened I told you that and here's the
funny thing
were you confused when you look through
the gate yes you thought it was at 14 15
as well yeah there's a lot of geeks yeah
yeah that's what my guy that's the same
lady asked two peoples like where's 14
15 and then the last lady's like all
your American next the time I feel like
a stupid asshole right now she hands you
a bottle but here you go sir wise you
haven't seen that button yet
a little pressure thank you death wish
to release a other ones in the cave at
the top in the bottom why would you need
to stop at the middle I don't know then
you just fall down the stairs
funny key fell but enough one there
would be no progress that you know 255
gate closed up 310 310 we got this used
escalators it doubled oh my god I don't
want to stay in London call Tommy can't
do it the ladies already there valentina
and I have officially made it to her boy
and the boys are going to be here until
like honestly almost like 10:30 at night
okay maybe there isn't any food in the
fall we're still hungry because right
now in Florida ESPN and here it's like
for the show car clocks are way off and
we are so hungry so we're trying to find
somebody and the guys princess actually
gave some greater recommendations before
you eat quality restaurant affair
is it fancy good ass good okay o'clock
we're so hungry for trying to find
amusing or email that we can find that
will be done and the poor boys have been
probably all day honestly I think it's
going to take them like close to 16
hours give you something I'll or Wow
oh man there's more where's Danny
various
Oh falling up an escalator is not what I
wanted to go out on we fall off it is I
just like it like a meat grinder bad
right take it national core please in
Korea like newspaper coal I go through
this whole yeah you let me know you
summer I don't know I'm going to pull
report when we land
and
there's no
gorgeous these other players
most of all the lanterns in the trees
want to dream late
Valentina and I said come out and watch
the Sun side which looks like it already
did it actually like that actually
signed the mountains over to the right
look at this gorgeous view
so beautiful
and zero I did it
we did we did it Colin we didn't kind of
huge don't know where anyone else's
pecan I made it nine hours I had to give
another six out of Hawaii
it just got texts to rally she's there
so she turned down here enjoying like
I'm a beach a zombie comfort a very
puffy Exley yeah I was very puppy I
think I was passed out we were all
deboarding I had to have this nice lady
told him a couple she was actually
really nice books loud yelling of a
traveling turn we got and she told when
we do it we should do it very British
day what were you doing right that's not
even British that was very right on
probably everybody okay British Airways
please tell me you didn't forget my base
again Hotel Colin when I go home with a
pig-like scraping scraping random things
on my luggage so that way I can tell
where it is well got my bags but no
guitar so fingers crossed
one more secure flight and there were
quite and we're on to hopefully maybe
the beautiful thing about having
somebody I know I call him I could just
go like this
stretch out I mean I think remember
Julie which reminds me be very panicky
other dissidents which participant
members
finally maybe Honolulu that was probably
one long exploit that
the water and ignoring
nine hours
but delay the long game the time
difference is now 11 hours from where we
were one ruling at 10:00 a.m. right now
the disk enables their gateway to go to
the hotel kiss my wife state plan up
other than the travel I think it's the
word because we're here for like five
seven days different from the last time
we were here presenting people I think
so you see fireworks beautiful isn't it
ah still good into your beautiful
beautiful very good you give me a gift
all right I want to go back though
alright guys well we are in Hawaii
obviously 24 hours of traveling 19 hours
of flying finally in Hawaii I'm a
beautiful wife passed out over there go
take shower then test out myself I will
see you guys tomorrow s or officially
day one of our Hawaiian adventures
bye guys good night
