good morning guys I have a treat for you
yeah you want to see something that's
discovered this is that McDonald's
Batman toy we just got watch no watch
watch why would they make this I'm just
gonna keep doing it no I think that's
what he does
there's no way he crotch action the new
Batman with new enhanced crotch action
and raise the reflection thumbs up for
Batman right now I don't know as he was
saying this is a great way to start the
morning we were about to give him away -
I'm glad we didn't return from that one
okay so upon further inspect occations
inspecting gation I see this and it
comes with directions and we were
obviously doing it incorrectly I guess
so I'm gonna see if I can little
boomerangs batarangs
they're called batteries right I don't
know I always do when I homework he
gained 10 minutes before class all right
step 1 put his arm out of the crotch
position okay
like that and we put these little guys
yeah I'll hold it down like this then
this is so convenient it's such a pain
in the ass like that and then you let go
and
oh that's what he's supposed to do
Oh Batman you are awesome I wanted to
answer this question that I actually get
a surprising amount of times basically
what I used for my hair like what I put
my hair and how I do it so it's so easy
and it's gonna seem really stupid um so
okay this is where I used it's just this
stuff I don't
Aveda men I don't know like Ali got it
she used to use this stuff where is it
it was called like God thought this one
I used to use this stuff right here my
head was like a porcupine so she got me
this stuff so my hair stops basically
sucking I guess your face is sucking I
have a pretty good feeling that that
being Batman it's gonna be around a
while okay so I don't have a little
tripod so what we're going to do with
this okay
in the trash so you just get a little
bit on your hands like that and this is
all I do seriously this is all I do
that's all I do that's how I do my hair
it's not that special
hopefully the answers your question and
yes have any more questions I guess
we'll do should we do and ask CTFxC
thing I feel since we do daily vlogs
there's really no room for it but I
guess we should try it so if we should
do it let us know if you think it's too
much love let me know - yeah so I'm just
gonna do this and then I'm gonna go with
freaking coffee because it's good so
she's trying to how does that freak out
she's not that bad though this is like
this isn't it
like two or three fingers in there
that's what she said oh do you turn it
like a nose ring I just don't like it's
like yeah you're the butter wolf my ear
bud it's not gonna bite you
I went all the way through I'm trying to
I'm not taking the other one is
concerned you can do my ears all right
push sit there don't scare you sorta
don't know I'm gonna do it no I already
did it twice go I'm not doing them
take these out
no don't die okay
oh that's not going to slide anywhere
this is so hot pink does a freak girl
everyone knows your girl Charles what's
macro my face my ear face you can see
through my face see if you can actually
can't really control this - well yeah
you can record it no you can't see his
face
can't see fat man's face I'm like I
don't want to scare though anymore she's
too nice I'm not gonna know then don't
do it I'll put my ear back into its
rightful sorrowful State you don't scare
me
go are you just so scary okay
protecting me that's good I don't like
it mm-hmm can you see it
yeah we're gonna need to clean those
barley one you let wins no I've been
defeated
whoa why is there so many people here
and nursing department packed song
it's blocked off I can't go hmm we're
gonna have to go the long way guys
that must be the finish line over there
we gotta go check this out they have the
I can't even get through the dog park
it's all roped off sorry guys you can't
go to the dog park today these little
kids can run faster than me
this little kids gets the speed all
right dog faces you'll find something
else we can do so go over good you can
do it yeah you too Marley come on over
those look scaring the crap out of you
little bug look dugs it's the elusive
spider-man shoo you don't usually get to
see those around here it's too early
they usually come out around December I
don't know why it's it's September it's
couple months early hmm you normally
don't get the seem in the wild it's
usually at zoos and stuff it's pretty
crazy pretty crazy today
were speaking
