bad student day number two difficult
work in the car she's doing her homework
when I was in school I wouldn't even do
it I know it's so stupid why would you
not do your homeworks like no I'm too
cool for homework i smartened up split
my later years though don't worry in
college I did homework the short order
is the pre orders pre or is over with by
the way so she was putting it all in a
little spreadsheet so we can send it out
today
now hopefully I'll send this out once I
drop Ali off and then and then it
hopefully only take like a week or two
and then you guys will have your shirts
so that would be cool and keep your
fingers crossed we're working on a
special thing for our t-shirts that's
all I can tell because it might fall
through get excited but not too excited
to wear you'd be disappointed if you
sell through so just get moderately
excited that sounds good
oh and by the way they sure it's company
with a girl that hit my car came today
and did an estimate and it's like $150
difference than the auto body shop that
I went to so I want to show you guys the
repair and I'm gonna tell you what he's
he said they're gonna do and I know I
know there's some people out there that
know their cars because when my car was
goofin up I used you guys as a reference
further than to fix it so you guys thank
you for that by the way so I'm gonna
show you guys the damage now tell you
what they said and see if he's
bullshitting me I don't like to be
bullshitting shotted what's the past
tense of shit shot dad bull shattered
what's the past tense of shit is it
shattered shitted are they pull shot it
no word fall to bullshit you
like people shit it was like people shot
me shot is a trend is a trance I like
both shattered that's as the poops
coming out it depends you doing the
action or it's like that's what the
action would be doing the action of
pooping I'm running late I need to
upload this video for my phone this is
what I was talking about the other day
like when I thought I could GNC home and
get my wallet because I use this so much
and I love it I honestly think remote
desktop or VNC remote VNC is like the
it's probably the greatest software
invention for for a computer other than
the antivirus for you PC losers Oh just
offend the PC community I'm just kidding
I'm just kidding you guys can make fun
of X now it's alright I honestly get set
to chuckle out of the PC version AK
debate no pcs better it's like I don't
care I don't need to get into a debate
maybe we should argue politics instead
something that matters you guys have
been in the car a lot huh
why are you always up there and her down
there are you falling asleep right in
front of us you know no I'm up I'm up
I'm up
Jeff Goldblum Jeff Goldblum Jeff go
I always fear is deadmau5 right mou5
deadmau5 but listen things that ever
since the VMAs really good he's really
good I have to I don't really like
techno but I've been listening to this
while I've been getting all this work
done so I'm trying to fill up all the
orders here I'm trying to go over here
and get the video uploaded still waiting
for it to process and I'm doing
paperwork and tax information and
contract information
so yay for paperwork day you got it made
dude you got it made
yeah my life rules
we're so e oh there's Zoey you guys just
so lazy that's all I get a little half
wag little half wag you know it'd be
really cool a dog who could do your
taxes oh my gosh a robot a robot dog who
does taxes slammer balls
what is he doing
it was funny we're a hat across today
for the first time in a while
and it's really funny I usually don't do
it because a lot of instructors are
really weird about it and I didn't know
this until I went in one day for an exam
and the teacher requested that everyone
take their hats off because apparently
people write the answers to the exam or
like write down study notes in the rim
of their hat and so that's the most
primitive way of cheating I didn't like
that the best way I ever did I used to
program answers in my old TI 86 I like
my calculator say yeah you can save data
in there the best one though I've ever
seen was the household hackers recreated
the Coca Cola bottle yes and then they
wrote all the answers on a Coca Cola
bottle and also girls apparently when
they wear like miniskirts they write the
answers on their thigh and they can like
see them like like like lift the skirt a
little and see the answers I don't I've
never cheated on I'm not trying to be
like a goody two-shoes but like I never
went Chisos length I've never went I've
never gone to those lengths to cheat
unmixed and be boy like that's really
hardcore I did the TI 86 yeah but it was
a dumb test though it's so cheating it
was a stupid teacher too my question to
you Internet have you ever cheated on a
test be honest yeah yeah actually yeah
what I actually know how people do it
now because like your smartphone's it
displays a holographic image like under
your desk of like what did you get it
like implanted let's go cuz you can't
have fun in my high school I was not
allowed to have a cell phone at all like
even on campus I wasn't a lot of cell
phones anything bad cheater
I did it one time just to see it I could
do it it was one of those things where
like I wanted to least try like I've
never cheated on a test before and it
was that's what Kurt Cobain said about
heroin he just wanted to try it one time
heroines like junior senior year and I
was like you know what I've never
cheated on a test I want to see if I can
do this so I thought of a way and it was
like a whole like I don't know I just
thought it would be interesting to try
see here's the thing I'm such a bad liar
that I would like halfway through my
exam I'd be like you know what I've been
cheating on this whole thing we stayed
out of the woods the past couple months
because we heard there was a influx of
giant reptilian animals and spiders but
we're braving it we're gonna brave the
woods with your smoothie you look like
you're really ready and me my flip-flops
and what are you guys doing we're it's
coffee coffee
it looks like those little berries that
you Florida coffee you don't usually see
that on the shelves careful careful
what what is that what a bad name for a
boysenberry or something huh that's
pretty though there's that berry right
there no probably not keep going your
little berry smoothie yeah this walk is
gonna take forever if you keep peeing on
everything Zoey whoa check this out you
guys remember that little stream where
the dog squirrels standing in front of
us in the video look at it's completely
dried up doesn't even look like the same
place I wonder why I try it up I guess
it's so hot
yes sure should stop
nice you peed your butt
we go
eagle-eye sorry I think she's dead hello
I have to do it you're sleeping so
innocently I had to be a jerk let me get
back yet okay you're clean this is what
it's like living with me it's like
living with a child I know oh so I
almost bad this is what the damage looks
like and I said they could repair this
so I don't know that see how deep that
is it's that repairable he doesn't have
to do that and then they just said
they'd sand that I don't know I'm
calling bullshit I don't think they can
do that what do you guys think I have
food I'm not the crazy goose lady that
feeds you I
you are going to eat my face aren't you
alright I'll leave you alone I just
wanted to say hi hey so how's everyone's
eye getting fit for the expletive of it
how's that coming along so I'm starting
to feel a little bit better this is this
is really nice I can't see in front of
me literally as the thing is blinding me
every time I vlog at night with this
thing it's like blind Republic
doosenbury Budi Budi but I different
does anyone know what he's saying I
rubbed up like a deuce right or you look
like a douche these people probably
think I'm crazy vlogging here so I'm
going to turn this off and pay attention
and hi really at the tennis off I can't
see anything I just see light on a side
note I wonder who's gonna be like the
first one to sue Apple for placing that
LED right there
right next to the lens so like you're
vlogging at night and you want to film
yourself but you have to stare directly
into this light the whole time
and then when you turn it off you run
into things we would design fail any
other iPhone users having this problem
maybe I'll just do this no but then you
can't see me alright
it's not better that better best spot in
the lot oh no the first gonna steal it
it is Tuesday so it is Tuesday do you
know what that means because no it's not
to say it is DVD Tuesday which is just
as cool I'm gonna probably pissed off a
lot of fanboys but I hate halo this is
what I came for
you think they're gonna have any copies
of halo look at the movies Ali's getting
the Fargate Shaun of the Dead and of
course the new season of his always
sunny the fog gate it's kind of like the
Stargate but not just like the fog gate
so we don't get sued Oh two games I am
looking forward to I guarantee they
don't even have halo oh they do well
they have a lot of copies why do you
people wait in line when there's so many
copies that's like so many of them you
don't think anyone's stoked about hey
Laurie no I said I don't think it was
like as ridiculous
were you guys waiting to be honest for
you waiting in mind go through the fog
gates behind you
okay so Ally's currently in the fog who
did that okay Ally's currently in the
fog gates the faller gates right now so
I got to go home and get her on the
other end
cuz I'm totally driving right now mm-hm
money has Ellie come back yet no she's
still teleporting Zoe
so apparently Ally's still in the fog
gates so yeah look at this check this
out I wanted to show this is the most
I've ever spent on a CD ever not really
but seriously check this out I'm balling
I'm balling ready
is that the right baller is that right
okay check this out one penny yes you
can buy this from Best Buy for one penny
I don't even know what this is yellow
Yelawolf I wonder this is legitimately I
wanted to show you the cheapest CD her
that's really funny so hopefully Ally's
gonna teleport home soon and we could
watch the Stargate
she's home gonna get stuck thought you
got stuck in the ball game alright this
is so cheesy I'm sorry but I'm having
fun with it alright it was in the ball
game it's the Fargate
cuz it's far away
you
you
you
