gonna get three ninja'd she's not
putting up a fight oh okay literally
just a second ago she was fighting and
now that we have the camera and of
course she's just laying the VMAs I'm
assuming everybody's seen it mouch I
thought it was really really funny at
the end when cher came out and
introduced Lady Gaga as the winner for
video of the year
Lady Gaga came up on stage and she gave
share her bag so that she could hold the
mic in the award and it was really funny
I think she said something like I never
thought I'd be asking cher to hold my
meat purse and I just lost it I thought
that was hilarious
I'm sure shares held a lot of meat
purses in her day
sorry sure I think you're a classy lady
but had to make a joke look what I park
next to do punch but you know punch back
hi guys so date 501 begins so I'm just
gonna film this intro video right now
but remember the other day when I was
looking through all the all the old like
tapes and I found a we the kings video
that I shot for them
December o8 so almost two years ago so I
talked to Travis and the guys in the
band and they talked to the label and we
got the thumbs up so I spent the past
day and a half while we're in the car
stuff editing this video so I'm going to
put that up today as oles beat tomorrow
but as you're watching this right now
today it'll be up on youtube.com slash
Charles Trippy so after this video you
can go check it out I think it's pretty
fun you see my first music videos that I
never done sort of if you guys like he
trying to said he'd do some more stuff
maybe some acoustic stuff so make sure
to go give it lots and lots of love so
that way the label says yeah you could
do a lot more and that'd be awesome
because I like music I'm just gonna go
film this intro basically i got a film
an intro for it basically explaining
that i lost footage for two years
otherwise it's like why is your
santa claus dancing around in that video
i won't make any sense so we're gonna do
that and then i don't know what i don't
know what i'm gonna do today actually i
want to film a couple videos but the
thing is i'm so tired from being in the
car you know that you know that feeling
it's like when you do nothing an entire
day like we were just in a car pretty
much for like last two days but when you
do nothing for an entire day two days
almost and then you just feel really
crappy it's it's kind of funny like
instead of doing a lot of things you
feel tired you do nothing and you feel
tired we're still doing good i broke and
I had some coffee that's the latest
update I had some coffee but I don't
care copper's good oh and I guess Sophie
from Jamaica she's gonna be in Orlando
Jackie's in Orlando right now so we
might meet up with her this weekend as
well I don't know it's just it's a lot
of driving and I hate driving hate
driving all right I gotta film this
before it gets too late look guys it's
like Slimers balls oh I didn't say you
know you would have mister snoot Magoo
it's just new blue goo all right so
while that conforms to HD v video
footage you don't need to conform you're
perfect the way you are conformists I'm
gonna take the dogs to the dog park and
run around cuz we haven't been
exercising in the last couple days I'm
really excited nervous for this this
music video to go up because I haven't
ever really posted anything like this on
that channel before you don't I mean
like it's always been skits or vlogs
never really a music video so I hope
people really like it I know you guys
will I know the CTFxC army well it's
really funny though because that channel
doesn't have a lot of CT of six years
like it's like two different groups we
need to like merge you guys together to
have a supergroup you guys aren't on the
same team you don't even know it's done
oh it's 700 I can watch it now
okay so ever guys to tell you guys this
morning the guy next to me well not
literally the guy next to me with that
guy right there I heard this huge crunch
but I walked out of my apartment I was
like uh oh yeah my god I thought no I
thought he he he ran over he drove onto
the curb in the little
Carola so I got a Corolla and he
crunched the whole front end of his car
how many dogs do you think Marla is
gonna go after today
how many pit bulls do you think she'll
put on the back barley be good today
okay no putting pit bulls on their back
little dog like no little dog go go go
go play Thank You Dez though like nope I
don't want to play that don't poop too
much oh I dropped it was right there it
is I'm stupid oh I took a weird bounce
hold on we got a taker got it
asshole I think I found Malachi
girlfriend doesn't I kinda like my
thighs boys oh my god hi guys
Marley he's such a bitch careful they're
gonna turn into Fred boy Zoe this is
like looking at you like man I'm good
she was totally cool with him until that
happened all right you're kind of cool
wait wait get off my mom Marley you hit
the worst posture we should call her the
aluminum monster from like It's Always
Sunny in Philadelphia
oh that's new season it's so sunny that
is like the only show that I ever look
forward to watching actually on TV okay
I have Modern Family it's always sunny
and what other one have I been watching
Oh Mythbusters I've been watching those
like religiously actually you know what
are there any good big TV shows that are
coming out this fall gonna make Charles
dance no dance
shake your butt shake your butt long
last we found the Petzl M&Ms taste test
number one mmm yeah you know what tastes
like it goes at all whoppers that's what
it is it tastes just like a whopper was
this pretzel looks like give my five
minute look there baby pretzels it's a
baby pretzel wait that's what it looks
like underneath all the chocolate oh
well that's because I it's a baby
pretzel that you cannot have all right
so I was just falling asleep on the
couch and I wanted to go check to see if
anyone found the little car that dot
have hid in st. Pete yesterday
sure enough less than 24 hours later
somebody posted on our Facebook group so
I want to show you this really quick all
right let me go to our Facebook and then
you can scroll down I think is right
here so you click on that and at first I
was like okay that could be any car for
McDonald's and I look closer and right
there you can see dot have signed it so
that's the car somebody already found it
apparently this poor guy went to try to
find it on his motorcycle and it was
raining I guess and crashed his
motorcycle and hurt his arm so make sure
to say I hope you feel better jack in
the comments and I can't believe that
you guys found it that quickly
you guys still digging the little G I
guess it's called geocaching right we
should call it something else for us
like instead of calling a geocaching it
should be like you guys name it I don't
know whatever you guys want to call it
all right so the video is now exporting
and we are good which means you guys can
go watch the new video on my other
channel youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
and check out the music video I did for
we the Kings I lost this footage then
refound it and now it's online so yeah
if you guys could just take a couple
minutes go check out the video I spend a
lot of
time on it it's actually harder harder
than I thought to do a music video and
click here or wait to the end of the
vlog or just go to youtube.com slash
Charles Trippy you should be subscribed
I really want to read your comments and
your input and the guys in the way the
King's really want to see what you guys
thought too so go check it out you guys
and I will see you tomorrow
if you guys don't check it out Slimers
balls are coming after you
you
you
