good morning everyone that's a big
bridge
so we are currently on our way to go see
Tevis film at the do you know the name
of this place not I mean like the name
of the festival
okay I don't know the official a but
there's a Film Festival to say P that
tells if you didn't know Thames a film
students so one of her films were was
accepted it look at my bad grammar I
actually never really been doing Film
Festival so my first one but Film
Festival do whatever these long car
rides I always like play video games in
my I film but the thing is I'm getting
bored with the games I have right now do
you guys have any suggestions of other
awesome games that might ponies
I don't know these two right here
actually these three are pretty awesome
for these four are pretty awesome all my
games are pretty awesome I'm always
really afraid to buy a new game on the
App Store because I bought so many that
are complete crap so I figured I'll come
to you guys if you have any suggestions
let me know in the comments that was
actually one of the vlogs started
nostalgia roll experiments nice Oh No
eight minutes really eight minutes late
and her move is probably over now her
movies only like eight minutes long dot
you ready to answer questions she hides
behind the camera what's your green
screen
and yeah my short film just played with
her it's called archivist and it was our
third project we did with office you one
thing that we found like in places like
we book movies in Tallahassee but a lot
of companies will donate things if you
compete your movie well and you get the
friend on board and you tell your
professional person if they like your
story you got a bunch of food donated
equipment like things like generators
just different places that maybe
wouldn't normally you film them because
they like your story and you're a good
person building a good reputation for
yourself can help you get donations and
if you have a story that relates to the
company that you're trying to get
something from they'll or if you can
give them a credit or something like
that they're willing to help you out
look at what temp just pointed out this
is where I'm gonna be playing Jeff fine
everyone congratulate her actually can
you see your film anywhere mine can they
see what are these days so everyone go
congratulate her I guess since I've come
to like one of these screenings with
them
my money's on bridge
this thing pops down and then you just
hit it here well you don't hit this I
think you didn't obviously okay and then
you got a you got a pop a collar got a
pop your collar before you do please
gonna win
do you think Jack can do this let's say
all right Cory what do you think it's
gonna get hopefully I don't get what
this one looks strong as I cry why is it
old man to get older
that's more than happy I think that was
pretty impressive Charles
that's going
I'll leave forgot her bags so we're
hiding it my favorite one when I was
growing up it was that Pirates Cove it
was the Jurassic Park one I can't find
the ball
oh right in the hole you put the ball in
the hole okay what did you just say you
have free balls pokemon pinball
she's realizing it she forgot it now she
stopped the truck
what's hide in front of the week is that
tube
we had the clip we had the clip and then
Ali figured figured it out and as she
hid the camera he's talking to me and I
sound like get the camera it fell
battery came out and then just sorry
never fail okay we gotta hide it let's
hide it in front of game stop where are
we like what is the boardwalk Plaza is
that what this is Bay walk all right
we're in the bay walk plasmin say Pete
right in front of the movie Co IMAX and
Game Stop and we're gonna hide oh wait
we're gonna have to write something on
it so you guys can't cheat on this one
so we'll turn the camera off oh that's a
good idea yeah between the oh that's
perfect oh nice so if you find this
you're gonna have to show whatever that
note says along with the card a car car
and a card maybe you're liking this one
is bushier the bushier bush like down in
the center there we go so it's in this
bush front of Game Stop and movie Co at
the big walk Plaza and st. Pete paradise
bird of paradise good luck hey old God
comes with blendin years Russian art
gallery in Soviet Russia gallery arts
you well I was trying to think of the
simplest thing and reverse it I failed I
failed on the Simpsons reference damn
I just like the names all right guys
what video game uses this at the
background you got a little guy he's
like jumps from one thing to the other
you guys like the little snap looking
thing I can't think this name right now
because they're all at home and I wish I
did that way you guys have something so
weird you like the teleporting yesterday
I can't tell you guys the secret
teleporting I was trusted by the g-man
the g-man told me how to teleport and I
can't really tell you
maybe one day I'll share it with you and
then we could all teleport and have a
giant youtube gathering that would be
pretty cool
it's like twister man oh wow awesome you
guys watched the VMAs okay that deadmau5
guy it was this Mickey Mouse head pretty
cool okay you know what
deadmau5 what did I cook deadmau5 I
don't never do you guys rumors then the
thing I want to say Justin Bieber you
have drumming skills I will I will
so we step back see Zoe step back for
Justin Bieber to good jobs yes guys
happy 500th day 500 days of CTFxC I
cannot believe we have done this for 500
days I'm just gonna run around the
apartment
wait where's barley barley 500 days
isn't it pretty awesome
thinking back 500 days ago I would not
have been able to remember what we did
but thankfully we have you guys and we
have this little doohickey right here
this camera right here list let's show
off the camera let's give it up for the
camera look at that let's give it up for
the camera guys without this thing this
would never have happened
yeah we would have but I mean let's just
give credit to the camera I say Lady
Gaga quick
cool quick Oh totally called it Lady
Gaga's gonna sweep this like Twilight
Lady Gaga is gonna be the twilight of
this show did you guys like how Taylor
Swift totally like pwned Kanye West with
a little intro honestly though I have to
give a little bit of credit to Kanye
because that was probably really
embarrassing and Friends of show up
isn't he performing to that that takes a
little bit credit the swallow your pride
a year later
the scarier you knew something was
coming what do you thinks gonna win
right like right now you think Lady
Gaga's I think I think Lady Gaga or
Beyonce
I think Beyonce and Gaga or just Gaga
which just Gaga so big were you guys
right alright so that was Kanye West
he was the closing thing of the VMAs
last night you still hate on Kanye or do
you forgive him or whatever like did you
think those performance was pretty good
and the song the lyrics kind of suit him
a little bit at least he's acknowledging
the fact that he's doing direct exactly
no wonder that's you what you thought
about Kanye West a year later a year
later
happy five hundred days here's the five
hundred more don't forget guys for the
teachers for the pre-order on the new
internet killed television t-shirts are
removed tonight at midnight September
14th like I got a dramatic so if you
want one of the special pre-ordered
colors do it now or don't if you're
watching this past the date September 14
2010 way to join the party late
at any rate welcome and subscribe okay
love you bye
