good morning guys Oh oatmeal's done
sorry I had to do a little spoof of
wheezy waiter he's becoming my favorite
anyway here's a little observation that
I've made over the course of growing up
I've noticed the things that I hated
when I was younger I eat oatmeal or
broccoli or things like that become okay
this is what I think that happens you
hate him as a kid but when you grow up
they become your favorite thing like I
hated oatmeal hated broccoli loved it I
ate broccoli raw hot sauce I used to
hate hot sauce when I was younger I
loved it are you guys noticing that kind
of weird little thing contradiction I
don't know I don't think it's a
contradiction just a coincidence that
the things you hated it can be favourite
I know I'm not the only one I completely
forgot to mention this in yesterday's
vlog but a photographer set up a really
cool photo shoot with internet killed
television in mind and we made a bunch
of free wallpapers for your computer
iPad iPhone so if you want those links
in a bar but basically this is what it
looks like I'm uploading actually
today's vlog right now that's the first
one which is pretty sweet and then the
second one is this one which is even
cooler so the what you excited so if you
want those the links down there in the
sub bar it's totally free it's on our
website so I just want to let you guys
know before I forgot again
because I wanted to share it with you
guys you ready to go to Sarasota are you
ready
you've been ready all day huh you ready
to spend five hours in the car you see
he's always left hook she gets that for
me
yeah she gets the left hook for me
somebody sent these things are just corn
kernels they almost look like Kellogg's
max remember Kellogg's Mike with the
dig'em the Frog and they're supposed to
kick your ass I'm not saying it wrong
your ass my ass isn't kick mr. donkey
don't get quite a weird
okay so I'm here with what you did my
game name is deacon my real name is Fred
hey look this is a game it's a medieval
combat game it's an honor based combat
game and it's called dagger here it's
all throughout the United States it's an
honor based combat game so if I hit
someone and they don't take it I can't
yell at them and say hey man take your
hits I just have to ask them politely
you know did I hit you or I'll just get
them a little harder next time
look at all their weapons we make our
own weapons there's a majority of what
you see here I have made other people in
my chapter have made my wife has made
just lots of other people really
contribute with different skills we have
leather making I hit myself with one of
the swords it doesn't really hurt
pacifically made people say go to class
or something like black eyes every big
event we go to all the weapons actually
have to pass a weapons check to make
sure that they are safe he is our number
one priority or number one rule that's
so responsible look at that fun and
responsible after that it's all about
having fun and showing some some sort of
real oh my goodness yeah so that looks
real like real life Wow except no one
dies you can end our website it's dagger
here of Tallahassee grant didn't want me
to film in but here he is the freshman
you like opposed to you so far it's
bitching bitching just like major here
not too shabby
so he's taught me to say hi and I think
that's really cool thanks for saying hi
Jimmy YouTube no work you just a lurker
yeah just a lurker there's a place in
the world for everyone it's nice to meet
you walking around go go go
we forgot dots of stuff and Evan squared
we're just like parked in the middle of
the room
welcome yourself you ready so you got to
pick up your leash yeah let's go in that
excess skin Zoe all right so we are
going to see Pete 4.10 she's got a film
that's in the film festival down there
so we are going down there to support
her and watch the awesome film and you
know today's can be you just saw some
awesome Renaissance Faire guys and what
was that called lair
is that what it's called lair but today
since we're gonna be in a car for five
hours
dagger hair tiger here dagger here like
and dagger here Legos hang today's going
to be the CTFxC clip show Ali Edition
Ali I found a bunch of old clips of Ali
on our hard drive of her and her friends
for like four or five years ago so I'm
going to embarrass everybody so while
we're driving for the five hours so
you're entertained I will randomly cut
to a clip like this one
right no gear they don't make sense in
the video but it's just a random kook
show is another one
what'd you get done oh you know we could
do actually okay
this we hit the cow the last time you
can you can build the little racecar we
can hide it in st. Pete somewhere so you
guys can find gives a little race car
like a race car okay we're gonna hide
this in the st. Pete boardwalk well let
you know yeah
did my phone wake you up
you bring the antennas out so we're
taking a pit stop in Tampa this is
actually where we used to live and guess
what pit stop up alley and dot's have
wanted to make a tea bell and just so
hard for me I totally want Taco Bell so
bad is the month over yet is this month
over yet please no I want some tea pal
yes I do
oh so we haven't done many clips here's
another one
what's it
another one a fortune told by Zoltar
I am so far at your service hard work
pays off over time but laziness it pays
off right now relax and enjoy yourself
today you'll deserve it I come back with
more coins to gain more timeless truths
from so far the Hawaii
gypsy how did you know you were young
oh great da high-five high-five
yes
and another one first and then we'll go
faster well wrong I got by my own
getting it the action on my camera ready
go are you guys good alright that's it
I stopped
you know like Troy McClure from like
Simpsons in the Simpsons clip show
that's what this reminds yeah speaking
of Clips anyone thank you
it got through on it that is massive and
awesome
the burning Christmas tree who's that
Musa watch this clip Playa answer my
sister
I just took the piece it was really good
guys having fun with these little random
things I think it's really cool because
like the whole point of these these
daily vlogs are to remember these look
back and remember in these clips were
before we were doing this but it's
really hard to like remember where you
saved random clips if you put them on
the vlog you remember so when we look in
20 years we're gonna be able to you know
find them real easily
okay for gold like a cat I totally wanna
put the laser on
Zoe what are you doing
Zoe you're gonna break your teeth
that'd be funny in a dog with veneers
they'd be like the first hug ever we can
get Zoe a grill is it my keychain that
was going on so while we're driving so
you'll have to watch this Drive here's a
bunch of random clips that have nothing
to do this vlog but have to do with our
life today is the random clip show did
it do Clips like that he is hitting my
camera
oh my god
that is one freaking psycho pair right
there
yeah if you throw off us the deal if you
throw up you loose this is so good good
go go go oh okay it's a pretty but wait
lucky basic see we're already here don't
you like the random clips it's like
we're teleporting we're like wait
teleport
I'll make Ally appear now tada
we've mastered the art of teleporting
what'd you say quick correcting me
teleportation which is which is the act
of teleporting way it's just the
nominalization of the word oh my no no
mere man
you know what you've got a request
there's a ban I want to request keyboard
be a roadie break it down I was a roadie
we're gonna be roadies right now I have
my dad take the bass drum and just put
it over your shoulders
you got washboard abs as a giant bass
drum so stubborn
all right I'm gonna teleport you to a
police ready teleport teleport you see
that you see that who's amazing
I now present to you mr. Shay Carl
singing the Charles Trippy theme song
Charles
Carl trippy Marley Zoe honest beyond
cially the resume is everyone enjoyed
the indecision cuz the internet killed
television
