good morning daughter ding-dong you
stretch a lot good morning guys how's it
going it's Friday Friday it's yes Friday
how are you guys doing on the hole no
fast foods no alcohol no exercising and
all that stuff what day is it we started
in the 6 so yeah we're doing pretty good
if you stuck with it I'm gonna break
really quick and I'm gonna do this
I said no coffee because of the caffeine
but you know this is from Japan and
Japan I still fell weird and I really
want to try it cuz it looks so cool but
I'm falling asleep but I think it might
help me uh stay awake body stretch
I like how you're just not having it
ready look away look away look away
since the last couple days we were
talking about HDR specifically you know
HDR photos and things like that the
house of hackers just posted a link to
this website where to this baltics guy
or group of people whatever it took to
5d cameras which is like the sister
camera - this one right here and made
HDR video I didn't think that was
possible
I didn't think it was I didn't even
think about it right um so I want to
show you clips and the links down there
and the sub bars if you want to check it
out I totally want to do this I just
check I check out part of it ok the play
button there
look how awesome that looks looks so
cool
and then they show you the under expose
and let's see isn't it crazy
alright this is why I want to do this so
bad just look how people look in HDR
video doesn't that look so cool am I am
I just being a dweeb on this I just
think that looks so cool it looks so
cartoonish
I wonder how many youtubers are gonna
start doing HDR video I'm gonna
definitely try that's so cool nerd alert
that dude's wearing a Jurassic Park
shirt awesome you guys want some pope
yes chicken Pope yes fried chicken also
remember how they were doing
construction the other day well today I
thought they were doing construction on
the other lane because the traffic was
at a dead stop and I'm now late
unfortunately but it was an accident no
one was hurt it was just a little fender
bender but they were actually three cars
involved and everyone was at a dead stop
looking at the accident so actually I
just had a question for you do you call
that rubber necking or do you call it
looky-loos because I know that I call it
rubber necking but when I went to
California my aunt said they're called
looky-loos I don't think I've ever shown
that to you guys that's chief Osceola
and renegade it's like our mascot it
says unconquered stadium it's so pretty
okay so I just into firehouse because
I'm always there and I just ran into
Jason because I don't have a Twitter
maybe we'll find your little puppy tapes
I'm trying to find all the old tapes
like here's old Fred water let's see
here what is this one how to be emo and
then this is the one where I got the the
the the B mullet remember the mullet
yeah this one no geez that's from oh
eight remember the Britney is dead the
Merry Christmas the doggy nachos the pop
rocks and soda macbook sucks here's Fred
water pumping babies the roflcopter
video ally spoof video this tape right
here is some of my favorite videos ever
that's so cool
I actually haven't done this every time
I filmed something always throw it in
this box
wow this is soup this is from 777 the
first YouTube gathering in the douche
land video pooping a cup highly
inappropriate all these videos that I am
talking about if you have no idea I fart
they're all in the Charles Trippy
channel see oh this is the one with the
one with a Shay and myself we're
basically we see whose nether regions is
longer with the hot
that was a good one all right here's one
of the tapes of looking for a Wii the
King's down in Bradenton and 2008 so I'm
gonna import that one especially stuff
from like Oh five awesome you guys need
to tell me what to do with all this
footage this is really cool this is Kobe
one who's a puppy
this tape is so old look at this I had
to switch the camera the digital video
instead of HDV to even play it it was
like it was like what is this format I
have no idea what's going on
see you in first place this is really
cool all right put this out in like a
separate video for next week just
because this weekend we have to go to
devs actually gonna be the Film Festival
this weekend so we're going down to stay
beat for that and then I'll come back
and I'll edit this together I'll just
put the entire show into a video so it'd
be like a 60-minute video but it'll be a
super-secret hopefully if it doesn't
screw up cuz yesterday's video at the
opening the mail was supposed to be
unlisted and every time I put it the PAS
unlisted it goes to public that I go
unlisted it goes back to public and then
I go unlisted it goes to private so
whatever it is now this Dave is so old
final cut could even do it I have to do
it an old iMovie
sorry
all right now why wait an hour and a
half for that to import she says that's
the one thing I'm doing about the whole
new 7d camera is that I don't have to
use tapes so as far as importing I don't
have to do real-time importing that's
that's awesome but the bad thing is if I
lose all my digital copies I lose
everything would you Oh Zoey does she
put all your toys up you put all your
toys up what are you doing with all that
hair isn't that disgusting all you dog
owners you could relate oh that is so
gross that is so gross I don't know
Oh buddy who doesn't have an animal
can't relate it's probably judging us
right now but if you own a dog or a cat
oh my god are you serious are you
serious are you scared of the vacuum or
something
you were absolutely ridiculous are you
doing all the merch orders for us the
t-shirt or oh by the way I wanted to
tell you guys that there's been some
confusion the internet killed TV
t-shirts the new t-shirts they're not
going away after Tuesday um the black
and eggplant are staying all the other
other colors those are going so if you
want any of those other colors you have
to get them before Tuesday so Monday
night is your your deadline but the
black and the eggplant are staying those
are gonna be permanently in our store so
I just wanted to let you guys know and
the confusion about the shipping you can
order like 10 shirts or all six shirts
the shipping is a flat rate so
international or domestic so just let
you know - there's a specific confusion
and I just wanted to clear it up
so he's freaking out double poop in
across the grass how did I just step on
it where is it help me find the poop
shit I mean literally uh-oh
Zoe Marlee that's a wolf a dog looks
like a wolf doesn't it
hey come here court Qasim great Kassem G
do you guys know how tough Marly is
she's scaring off these two pit bulls
and a wolf Marley's a little badass here
floppy ear floppy ears
definitely a puppy Doug doesn't even
mess with Marley anymore it's kind of
scary oh look who I found you guys look
who I found
she's been doing a her classwork that's
why she has been in the vlogs lately oh
yeah she's being a good student this
time like oh that's lovely
Holly made a friend every time I see a
puppy that's this is why I always want
another puppies because I like how they
just flop around and it had like no
they're like kind of like me they just
don't have any coordination now I found
Marley okay so just just as I turned off
the camera
the pitbull came to say hi to Marla
again she didn't like it she literally
put a pitbull on his back she barked at
him and he
flew backwards and rolled on his back
yeah that one right there you don't mess
with Marley I guess he's pretty
impressive see remember I was talking
about the pit bulls have a bad rap you
know rat terriers those little brats
those things are brats what's that noise
investigate it takes all all of you guys
she just rather play with humans our
dogs are anti-social hey dude
well they got smart she's actually
playing now all the dogs is bow down to
her Marley oh you did it again screw
that bitch I'm leaving Marley I guess
some dogs just have to be the alpha dog
and it just so happens that we have the
tiniest alpha dog ever she's just like
sitting here like this is her throne
just overseeing her her little minions
her arms are crossed and everything
oh he's coming back he's coming back for
more I know anything want to say to the
Internet I think we need Cesar Millan
the dog whisperer to train train Marley
to be less of a biatch so Cesar Millan
and Animal Planet if you want to use
Marley as a guinea pig for your show
just contact us that's pretty awesome
you want to Cesar Millan to train you
okay I Drive by the sign all the time
and I've always wanted to film it I
don't know I just think it's funny
Holy Mother of God so we sent us these
dog treats I know it smell good don't
they
it's got like cranberry carrots and like
chai but I think it's so funny it says
right here only 87 calories per stick
really really as a country we're
starting to put calorie counts on dog
treats
that's so funny but I guess it's true
because you both are on diets well you
are you're not you're healthy you want
this well when we leave I'll give it to
you where's that those are bills can't
eat those look what time it is past our
bedtime going out
let's past my bedtime I'm gonna get
cranky what yeah I just realized I'm not
drinking I'm doing the whole detox trip
I'm gonna probably feel the effects of
alcohol very harshly because I'm not
filled my stomach with any type of
sustenance
the long-winded way of saying that
you're going don't worry I'm sticking
I'm sticking by it I'm detoxing what
I've been editing a music video yes I am
doing a music video and I've been
listening to the same song over gooky oh
that's that's against the rules you call
get one you didn't know when you started
punching - you called the wrong color
what are the official rules for that I
think you just I think he like punched
in the face on that one but I can't
punch you in the face maybe if you put
yourself in the face watch it should we
ask him if he wants to race do you think
it would win a Ferrari versus Santa Fe
I'm ruling against the Ferrari and
saying that the Santa Fe is the underdog
in this situation it really is and if
you get back to him we'll prove it he'll
well I'll ask him I'll go ahead dude you
wanna race he will look and he will pee
himself with scared eNOS and it will be
awesome
don't be scared al it's just the cops we
can outrun them the Santa Fe I realize
that guys I have the girliest car ever
but it's economical for my my needs
layoffs do you guys remember when we
tried that really disgusting
cheeseburger with Melissa and then this
gets screwed up again
yeah it's oh yeah they're playing the
song they're playing the song again
heads up heads up
horns up Ali don't be alarmed
don't be alarmed there's a giant polar
bear
it's called the butterfly or the and the
praying mantis and the butterfly is that
we guys call that a key remember
the butter
look at his face he's watching those
people just get in the car get him with
a broom what do you get when you go on
to you search for some video see but if
all of them suck ass there's always one
exception and that exception is Charles
Trippy yeah subscribe to Charles Trippy
