what is it noise are they just annual
good morning guys
so at around 8 o'clock the why are they
I'm gonna find them hold of smoke
detectors but in apartment complexes
they're like little speakers oh I didn't
get a bed - like five - shakes fist
dough I wish you would have saw that hey
do you want to know super duper awesome
secret I mean a super duper awesome
secret actually it's not that cool but I
want to show it to you anyway
go into phone and then you type in star
3000 one pound one two three four five
pound star call and it takes the thing
called field-tested you can see on the
negative bars AT&T is failing at or I
don't actually have any idea what this
means
I just thought it was something
interesting and if you'd hit the menu
button it goes away hey I'm a nerd okay
give me a break
geez God time to stir today Marley
you're supposed to be going a bathroom
let's go let's go whoo why are you so
lazy today come on let's go today
oh by the way I got the insurance thing
kind of taken care of they're covering
though but there's gotta be some guy
who's got an estimate the damage I don't
know what that hmm must resist
temptation free sandwich oh you know
what I do want to do do do you know what
I want to I wouldn't really want to do
is I want to go to the hobby store where
I got the Rockets I gotta get new
rockets because I got okay this is what
I did I bought - there's a keychain
you'll see him I don't know when they're
coming but soon keychain type hdcam so
then I want to get that old CTFxC car
remember the little RC car that Marley
used to chase all the time all you're
looking so sad I just feel bad
last couple vlogs have been me driving
and running errands and stuff but you
know what that's the point I can't
forget it that's the point of these
dailies vlogs they're they're not always
me punching a shark in the face and
scissor kicking truck doors and the chin
somedays suck you know what I take that
back
no day sucks because that's the point
you film in your everyday life that's
the point of these daily vlogs and
that's what that's what I'm bout to do
Oh 497 days ago and I will continue to
do that
hey guys so you have asked over and over
for me to play us on the guitar at the
meter
so I'm going to try this strings are
totally old and I haven't changed them
and I'm frankly too lazy to change them
right now so if it sucks and sounds like
crap
it's the guitar and the strings that's
totally not me oh and by the way if
you're easily offended just ear Muffit
right now or just get through but right
quiet quiet
motherfucker hello my name is drums
Tatyana
it'll still get great like junior high
five
funky pop like that it to the artsy
when the Sun don't shine
like
always
but you can call me cookie
there's a fire
burn motherfucker keep going
yo yo this hardcore ghetto gangster
image takes a lot of practice I'm not
black bike blanket okay I'm gonna
started from the next verse right yo yo
this hardcore ghetto Kings her image
takes a lot of practice I'm not black
like Barry White no I am white like
Frank black is if the man was five the
devil what secret that was
monkeys gone to heaven
well if I go to hell then I hope to her
I
hundreds
Webster Daniel Lewis is the Antichrist
the
fire
No
don't need no water let the
fuck
you like it
oh by the way you have absolutely no
idea how many takes that took you don't
believe me
thank God for b-roll hello my name is
Charles Trippy and I am part of getting
busy please does not catch on the
opposite way that I am going over ba
computer and camera and what really
stuck
today would have to outside oh great one
hammer arch it we just found this now
that grapes are actually like toxic for
dogs
I'll try great I kind of wanted sir come
on Oh whether or not this goes on the
ground you have to eat it they go it I'm
a better thrower than you are I set it
up better hey you up in my grill right
now you want to drive or something
she's like a parrot dog do you hear it
somebody's playing the final countdown
stupid truck dis annoy like blaring it I
just ruined your day by singing that
song once more I'm sorry
okay I gotta stop singing today's vlog
okay this is gonna probably be in the
other video too because I just want to
ask you guys I know I know what this is
I know the name so I know the name but I
don't know what it is okay so I get this
is this is a clown this is some sort of
chicken I guess this is a prison escapee
that steals burgers and then this is
what the fuck is this what is this I
don't understand a purple
I don't know you want to eat them maybe
you can easy tasty I honestly have no
idea what grimace is the weirdest mascot
ever major thanks to Eric the lately
singer from the limousines
he actually sent the album you have not
heard of this album this is the one that
has the internet killed the internet
killed the videostar you know like you
know radio killed the I mean video okay
the radio start let's called get sharp
by the limousines there's a little
teaser of what so far we've been opening
look at that I didn't even tell them to
do that this will all be at the end of
the video so it does make sense now
it'll all be at the end of the video
alright this was so good I have to put
it in the video and in this video
alright first off look at Zoe yeah she's
just staring at the ground and Marla's
still being cute okay you have to check
this out I will switch the macro this is
this is some talent here check that out
these are magnets on clay they're
magnets Meg
see some magnets right here some bangs
no look at that so if you guys want to
see the rest of the packages I will put
them in a separate video it'll be in the
video responses down there or it'll be
at the end where the theme song just
before the theme song don't where I'll
remind you it's just there's so much I
don't want to put everything in the vlog
and clutter up cuz then some people will
get upset so those who said something
you want to see if I got it watch that
video if you're just interested to see
one of the crazy things I get it'll be
there too so pigs flying over there so
what's up little dude where's your
pillow wow yeah all right now it's time
for dinner
I almost totally forgotten ok yesterday
when I was trying to find photos of Ali
with a blonde dreadlocks I couldn't find
him anywhere on my computer so I had to
look on her external hard drive that we
have again kind of packed away and I
found all these old videos they're
really good videos really cool little
fun little videos and I found this one
from 2008 of we the Kings I don't even
know if there will be the Kings back
then also I found a bunch of cool like
random clips that don't mean anything
especially there because there's no
contact it's just random clip from like
2009 random clip from 2006 random clip
from 2005 I wasn't doing vlogs and do
you want me to find like pile them up
and then put them in the vlogs little by
little just kind of a like nostalgia
thing or should I just do like a
separate video or just not at all so let
me know in the comments and I will do it
I will do what you say anyway without
further ado dude I give you we the
King's 2008 random acoustic rap with you
welcome
I'm recording
all right turns out the la mine is old
boy and girls start suddenly shaking and
nothing
nope it's not
I have a bunch of other footage that I
shot on my really good cameras for them
too I'll try to find that as well you
guys also asked for a bunch of suspense
thriller videos so I have to go digging
through that closet remember my prop
closet yeah to go digging through that
for all those little little tapes so I
will do that
if you guys want me to now where the
heck is there food you like my cards
they're doggy relaxing who's that who's
that
seriously night drives are the most
relaxing thing in the world just put on
explosion the sky and just drive and a
nice calm like speed it's really really
relaxing
but a fall asleep wake me up on that
screen oh good call Thanks so cheesy
cheesy factor for the win
alrighty as promised here is the video
that I was talking about just click on
the screen and you can go see all the
packages that we opened we didn't get to
do all of them but we will certainly do
this again if you guys like it so click
the video it's unlisted I think I think
it's unlisted I think this is the only
way to get to it so you have to click
here so click on the video or says click
clickety click click click click click
look look alright guys have a good day
and I will see you again tomorrow
click the video what do you get when you
going to you search for some videos see
but if all of them suck ass there's
always one exception and that exception
is Charles Trippy yeah subscribe to
Charles Trippy
