welcome to the unboxing of all these box
and the first one I want to show you the
check this out it's a wallet made out of
cards who's that from that's from kevin
w from that's pretty cool what you got
over there dude just oh no oh no boys I
think that person is rude ultra dolo
weirdo whole from porch portugal what
they send you oh yeah ready there you go
get it get it get yes you can be busy
for a while did Katie from the UK send
you a turtle no tally I think she'll try
to take it from you oh yeah it's a slap
bracelet see if i can get this see if i
can do to my manly manliness here
actually can't do it on yours it worked
wait come here i'll get it off so we all
get it up all right what is this this is
from goodness is from Josh be from
Colorado do this you're gonna eat nachos
and drink beer and stay up late at your
age
okay now you guys have that song in your
head thanks Josh
all right Zoe what's this poster let's
see who is this from this is from
Jessica see from Tallahassee that's cool
I just realized that Kimber was like hey
I'm over here sorry oh my god is that
what I think it is governmental issue
zombie survival poster this is awesome
see the CTFxC were preparing Zoe you're
ready for the zombie apocalypse look at
her she's ready to pounce please you
guys do know you don't have to send us
anything letters are perfect we
appreciate every single thing you send
this is crazy and I'm glad we're able to
put like a separate video so like
everyone's stuff gets this be seen that
we get look at this I don't think any of
you guys set up a pink ink I just poked
myself it's never mind all right I got a
birthday card from Justin t from
Wisconsin and Beth is an awesome dog
thanks man really appreciate it i sent
some headphones and not really sure what
this is like the logo but I really does
anyone know is from Reena s she's on
some old McDonald's toys okay now
seriously what the hell is this I said I
showed this in the vlog but I honestly
have no idea what I know it's grimace
what the hell's a grimace what is a
grimace I don't get it Kaitlyn be from
Ohio alright see listing here Zoe wanna
help me oh my gosh there's like a
bazillion things in here Middletown
police oh you found that's what it is
you found the food in yet okay Zoe
Marley are gonna have some fun with this
stuff ill octopus in oil with lemon okay
that's disgusting I'm gonna make Ali
that you having fun guys look at Marley
it's got a tail like you it's got a
Marling tail there's always already
eating oh sorry Zoe
what up geez this one's for you Marlene
what'd you find ultra death sauce okay
that's scary hot popcorn oh look at that
I got a police badge II seriously oh wow
mustache silly bandz this is like this
mortgage what was it oh my gosh oh she's
got some oh she has some things actually
pulled out for us let's check this out
chuck norris once got a girl pregnant at
for phone sex I am Chuck Norris covers
his slip and slide with gravel double
BAM I'll have to go through that later
that's really cool all right so Paul
Young sent Ali some music silly bandz
they're actually they're launching this
out late wait hold on hold on yeah no no
here do this is it Caitlin's oh my god I
know isn't that pretty awesome can you
guys see the 3d mmm I don't think you
can all right this is from kaitlyn and
steph from Wisconsin uh-huh they made
pillows oh my god that is so awesome
that is oh I was like who's Haws all
right so there's Kaitlyn and steph right
there and check this out this is not an
awesome drawing little tiny Marla is
she's micro pooch hello was it from its
are you trying to help Aaron see from
Hana PP you can keeping she's like what
I gotta go it's funny is it how to pee
or not I'm sure we're saying it wrong
apparently Marley's got to go pee what
is it chocolate chip macadamia cookies
from Hawaii those are gonna be mine
those will be yours I want these nope
gonna be mine yes
what is it Marley hey that's awesome
these are for Kobe and Tyson Tyson
that's for Tyson yeah it's like this she
wrote haha what's actually was trying to
slap it at the same time and get em both
I want to do it sterno look at every
don't cute mercy mer still hold still
hey let's do yes it does not look amused
out you loved it this is not like a
mousse if I put peanut butter on the
back of that off that would work you
guys want to give back a pillows we
didn't even do this we just threw the
pillows at him and this is what they've
been doing all rights from Austin ya
can't weasel cuz that he's ducted from
Florida yes what the ass there's a note
it's esri note reading no not a big deal
to stay Christian Ponder Jersey I no
idea who that is these are quarter of a
cube butt crack I graduate from usf I'm
not even when you single football games
I know I pride myself in the fact that I
never went to a football game
oh that's not the chair I just made that
up picking Jew from Sarasota really yeah
that's cool you're like your pillow tell
you to do that good girl should I cure
this boy has one game on it it's like
she could read that's my hot sauce in
silly bandz see we get it actually you
know we can do a retail store of Silly
Bandz what does this one smack my ass
and call oh this is q1 of flats isn't it
trailer trash and then what is this one
ultra death sauce I've actually heard of
the ultra death sauce yeah you guys are
gonna make me like have to go to the
hospital thanks guys this is from Nikki
Brown Wisconsin today yes we got a lot
of Wisconsin you guys Wisconsinites is
that right is it Wisconsin when sconce
Ionians I like good Wisconsin Heights
you know how it just for you that like
looked into the deep recesses of my mind
for a word I was like I don't know
anybody in the studio audience you can
tell me what that's from when he goes
men in tights no I don't know it god
what wow you're gonna freak out whoa
holy Chris Marley's clay wow whoa Zoey's
is unbelie-- I want a macro that check
that out that is clay well shaanxi gave
me you bought earrings that's so awesome
so if you want anything like this done
any turtle stuff or just till we and
marley stuff that's her a mustache e
stuff uh yeah that's her etsy account
there's our twitter that is that is
unbelievable Oh amazing what are you
staring at Zoe someone to know our dog
though I know it's pretty awesome
alright so that's that's all the
packages we can do right now we have to
go get dinner and stuff like that but
there's a whole yes nice al there's a
whole bunch of packages in there we'll
have to do but if you got do like this
do you like having us keeping the vlog
separate from the the packages I think
it might keep things a little bit more
organized and people won't get so
um like overwhelmed but yeah so go check
out the vlog if you came here without it
and I will see you the next time it's I
don't know what they really do to sign
off for this because we've never done
this before so Charles turn off the
camera
