to update or not to update that is the
question whether it is noble never mind
I'm sorry it's reassuring to see a lot
of fellow video game nerds makes me feel
a little less nerdy thank you guys thank
you for that check didn't defeat Obama
so I forgot the camera originally and I
went to get it cuz I wanted to show you
this all right okay
typical typical box a little bit I can't
why don't you okay haha peal box zero
Charles one yeah I think it's like the
coolest thing when you see old people
like holding hands like that it kind of
gives you a little bit more faith in
humanity and love doesn't I mean I got
my love I loves badass she's she's she's
badass there's a dude in the road I
don't mean in the road I mean like in
the road did you see him oh I love it I
go to those organic places I just went
to a place called like new leaf I don't
know it's like basic like the Whole
Foods main reason is because I wanted to
try to like have a lot more soup because
like I said it was trying to like eat
healthier stuff like that and I actually
read that people who eat soup tend to
eat less food during the day you know
dinner and lunch and stuff like that so
but the problem with soup look you're
gonna learn something get ready gonna
learn some problem soup is asked so much
sodium actually like if you ever looked
in a can of Campbell's like soup like
chicken noodle soup it's like 1600
milligrams of sodium and that little can
of soup so I wanted to get some like low
sodium or like no salt added type thing
and the only place you can get them as
at these like hippy stores when I say
hippy stores or don't go home at it
because I'm not saying that in a bad way
I just think it's funny he's like every
time I go somebody's always trying to
sell me on for example I got sold on
this
it's like a sigh is that how you say it
a sigh takes some sort of super fruit
antioxidants and stuff like there it was
like yeah I'm trying to eat healthier
and stuff like that she's like you have
to try this this is like a superfood and
it's been on Oprah and it's amazing so
I'm trying to another really fun game to
play when you're in there as count the
dreadlocks I counted five today five
what hear something funny
ally had dreadlocks like she had like
blonde dreadlocks you don't believe me
look at this photo
yep or this one
your fortune from Zoltar ah yes it looks
like today must be your lucky day what
I've seen relaxation in your future
have no worries about your troubles my
friend Zoltar has weaved them enough to
conquer them all starting there more
coins and let me tell you more that's
Ali with dreadlocks and blonde hair what
do you think she should get dreadlocks
again
I need to get something you know let's
go to Best Buy what see if we can find
something I can put the camera if I
think the camera right there is that a
good angle is this a good angle right
there see the thing is though if I'm
doing that I look over more like what
I'm having it like right here I don't
even have to look at the camera can just
look and watch the road I don't know a
lot of people are saying that I should
get something so I'm like I just let's
go this way did I just say Road all
funky Road do people have Northcote Road
add thought people from Boston go like
row add so one of the really cool
features that I was really excited for
well with the new update is for the
iPhone is that it does HDR photos
basically is short that basically brings
out a lot of the blues and shadows in
photos you know like when you take a
photo and it looks like really really
dull and not very vibrant and things
like that so I wanted to come here to
the park and see oh my god is that the
Gator holy shit the Gators right there
what I want to do is I want to basically
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take some
photos and then on the video I'm gonna
put the HDR version and then the not HDR
version I guess you get a regular one
and then tell me which one you like
better which one looks better and each
of the photos so here are a couple of
them that I took just the second ago of
the dogs and shooting directly into the
Sun I want to see if you guys can
actually see any difference and let me
know this is kind of fun
I love test I love testing gadgets
you
it'll drag the fly stuck in a cobweb
okay we got it we gotta say this guy no
sweater nope no sweater you're not
eating him all right we need to get a
stick here we go okay we're gonna save
that little dragonfly first okay where'd
he go where'd he go did he get away okay
I think he got away
that's good all right those turtles are
fighting dude let go of his head oh now
there's a bunch of bubbles dude you guys
are violent oh there is did you kill the
other one
I might is it just that marley hair on
the lens got it
look it's baby Mothra you didn't make it
though alrighty little dude all right
Pete you posing a
No
well what do you think which one looks
better HDR just the regular I can't I
couldn't figure I couldn't figure it out
I couldn't figure out what light look
better in HDI which one didn't it it
seems like I have to have a like a
darker maybe darker like shadows there's
something I'm not really sure I'm still
noob still a photography noob so if in
you photography gurus out there make
freaking spider a TDM sorry what that is
so scary looking it looks like a bunch
of eggs in there
sweet let's even get this little bug in
HDI hey buggy buggy buggy buggy buggy
okay I have to admit I'm pretty proud of
that last one right there that bug
wasn't going anywhere he's just like oh
it's gonna be on YouTube that's cool
this cool just put you know my website
in the sub bar for credit and everything
that'd be kind of cool okay so I think
I'm getting the hang of it okay look at
this photo right here so you're on the
left side where all the trees you know
blown out it is like it's so bright
okay now checking this one out
say say all right now check this one I
look at the sky see you can barely even
see the clouds and now BAM you can see
the clouds basically what it's doing is
layering three photos it's under
exposing one it's over exposing one and
then it's doing the correct exposure
then you layer that up and then that's
how you do HDR photos and now you know
do you know we need to do we need to get
like Charlie puth to do like a little
jingle like you know the and now you
know do do do we need one for ourselves
like every time we learn something new
and you just been learned something are
not bound I don't know leave all those
freaking bugs there's neither grouse I
don't know if you can see him oh watch
is gonna be like parting of the Red Sea
gobble gobble gobble I know that's not
what you guys do but it's pretty scary
hey guys I wonder if I do like every
other bird noise except yours quack
quack quack
was it something I said dude I would
just lay a land mine right there Wow
what what now geese huh what now that's
right you go in that water
geese oh that's always nice to see right
next to a road drinking and driving
every time somebody calls somebody a
troll even when I call somebody a troll
I always think of the trolls from like
the 70s with the hair and like you know
the hair that you could do with like
Mohawks and it was all like troll hair
troll hair I'm actually kind of curious
where the internet mean to be a troll
came from there's been so many orders
that were kind of backed up so I need to
get that all taken care of I have to
edit the radar video and edit tomorrow's
vlog so I am making some awesome Mata
tea but you know what I just want to say
something it is amazing going through
the pre-orders and seeing people from
Dubai Australia Malta Italy Russia
Germany like even countries I haven't
heard of
just like everywhere it's unbelievable
roll call what country you're from tell
me in the comments I'll start first are
you guys waking up now smell that
caffeine what is it popcorn curls now
what better way to stay up T okay but
this tea in my favorite coffee mug check
this at all that's it making sense this
is the best way to stay up ready are you
guys ready for this it's pretty hardcore
BAM delivering the future that's the
coolest Cup ever what do you get when
you going to you search for some video
see but if all of them suck ass there's
always one exception and that exception
is Charles Trippy yeah subscribe to
Charles Trippy
