good morning guys am I the only one that
spent hours on the new Google website
all jumbled around no wait wait wait
weakened forms okay
move up slightly up no slightly no no
slightly no fast oh crap oh I love
Google
Skynet for the wind watching like ten
years like Google's gonna like punch in
the face every time we search something
how to make a brownie damn that's how
oh my goodness do I love parking at FSU
this morning I had my turn signal on and
was waiting for a spot and a girl
literally backed up and took the spot
right in front of me like she saw me
waiting there and just took it anyway I
don't even know what to say I was like
so shocked that I just didn't even do
anything what would you guys have done
in that situation would you have walked
away I'm really curious to see because
I'm not a very confrontational person so
I just let it go how would you know that
would you say something would you leave
a note would you just walk away and
forget it or it's not that big of a deal
but I'm just curious what you guys would
do
Oh to answer everybody's question about
yesterday would be a whole Simpsons
thing let me show you what I was talking
about some of you actually got it
I don't even know if they did this on
purpose I just thought it was kind of
funny all right so we got this via Homer
you got this and then oh you guys
noticed this that Bart's wearing the
actual wrong t-shirt so I didn't even
notice notice that one but okay see what
I was I thought was twenties they're all
going after the piracy they're all
scared of the piracy thing that's what I
thought was kind of funny because you
know the Simpsons they always have a
little funny inside jokes like that did
you get it
how's Marly feeling oh look at you
princess you feeling better what some of
the year look tired old boy motorcycle
right there
and I'm medic in front of the guy I
think those are over Thor actually
called Fat Boys I think I think I just
made myself look stupid in front of the
entire Harley Davidson
community anyway guys so I'm annoyed why
you know it Charles I'll tell you why
I'm annoyed yes we were a couple weeks
ago when that girl ran into my car when
I was leaving Starbucks well I decided
not to involve the insurance companies
right away because I thought you know
give her a break you know let her pay
for it so her insurance doesn't go up
she doesn't get penalized well it's two
weeks now and I still haven't figured
out what's going on I hope she's not
trying to skip out but she has 20
minutes and then I called my insurance
company who's already been you know
pretty much aware of the situation so
they're ready to they're ready to go
after I don't know but I believe that
some form of karma so hopefully
everything will work out for the best or
whatever the good news is I have you
guys as a witness sort of I mean I have
the before and after of my car so I
guess that's proof enough and she tries
to say that it was already there before
but I don't know I'm just I'm hoping for
the best hope for the best with me hope
for the best we have she's got 20
minutes you guys believe in karma you
guys believe kind of like in fate like
whatever's gonna happen is already gonna
happen no matter what you do always
that's what's supposed to happen
I can't believe in karma we're like good
just goes around if you're good to
people
although the kind of sucks for the
people who are always good to people and
then they always get shafted but in the
end something good is gonna come to them
so I guess it's kind of like state I'm
like Buddha
here's a fun fact Buddha wasn't actually
fat Oh 4 o'clock waited long enough time
to call see the thing is I feel bad but
at the same time this shouldn't have
gone on for like two weeks it's kind of
lame right I'm not in the wrong right
I've given enough time right shit me
shit my car well since our last little
dude died a couple weeks ago gonna get
him another one
I don't know why the other one died like
was perfectly healthy and then all of a
sudden I just died maybe you know what
the theory alley doesn't believe me my
theory is that this one was a boy and
one was a girl I think I think baby the
other one was pissed off that he didn't
replace him with a girl a chick fish and
he killed the other guy which is you
know
you shouldn't do you shouldn't do that
fish fishes bad morals you better not
die dude see remember what I was talking
about just having patience and things
will work out the girl just called and
it's all taken care of but I didn't even
have to use insurance see another lesson
dude gonna stop teaching you guys
lessons I feel like an idiot all they're
trying to make friends through the bag
or they're trying to do the fish Mambo
the horizontal fish Mambo okay I get
this one wants to spray its eggs and
Spore you girls remember a couple hours
ago I guess it was a couple minutes for
you guys where I said everything was
taken care of
scratch that now is when I pretty much
hope that karma exists so annoying well
since we're in our little serious time
tunnel walk it seems like every time I
come and walk here watch your foot dude
let's just put up let's just what up
lazy come on okay lift your foot up come
on this seems like every single time I
walk the dogs here I'm always like you
know what let's have a deep conversation
but no I want to ask you guys since
we're talking about Karma so much do you
guys believe in karma do you believe in
a form of karma or do you believe that
you know you don't have to be good or do
you believe that you know there's no
such thing and you could be a big jerk
can and still doesn't matter I don't
know sometimes I find myself believing
in it and then sometimes that kind of
like when something bad happens I'm
always like oh screw karma plus you owe
inside note wearing jeans the walkie dog
in the heat of Florida bad idea double
sniffing across the way oh and they have
to pee on it they're all following the
goose lady
she's like the Pied Piper it's up in the
east that's right right pipet no was
that the one that did the rats that
would whistle and do the rats and the
rats would follow the piper
oh no I suck at folklore
so guys on top of da the running I'm
gonna make a promise to you guys I'm
gonna stay out and see how long this
actually works I'm gonna make a promise
I'm gonna cut out soda I'm gonna shot
cut out any fast food or junk food even
subway even subway I'm gonna do stuff
like cuz I found out how much sodium and
fat actually in those things and I'm
gonna cut out any form of alcohol from
liquors to beer and I'm gonna continue
by working out regimen and then we'll
see if that works
anyone else want to do this with me come
on all the CTFxC hands raised raise the
roof raise what what raise the roof some
of the people that are actually asking
in the comments why I'm going to this
length to basically I just I feel like
that I've been doing it for so long
I think it's time I mean the soda thing
I actually don't drink very much soda
but I feel like cutting out fast foods
any fatty foods alcohol and continue
like all the exercise I think I could
actually get to my goal weight and my
actually the thing is it's not about
actually losing weight it's more about
to me it's more about just feeling
healthy oops Hetal feet what's that it's
really awesome because you know I'm
already doing these daily vlogs is
really easy to document not only
documenting you know so I can see my
progress Ben and now type thing but I
have you guys for motivation and I can
motivate you and that's CTF X here
Comeau debate that CTF X here and we'll
all be motivating each other just like a
happy family don't worry no one's gonna
make you drink the kool-aid we're not
that type of family so we'll see how
long this lasts it's gonna be tough okay
so I know what we're gonna call it we're
gonna be calling this getting fit for
the fuck of it wait we can't really say
fuck
give it
how about getting fit for the hell of it
okay those censoring on that one
come on censoring funny that's why I do
it there's not some sort of overlord of
centering that censors everything okay
maybe there is
I love randomness it smells so bad
no did you fart that's like unleashing
the Beast monkey farts
clears a rim a dog fart is probably
equivalent to like a seven year old man
part
okay so Ali's putting all the merch
orders in our spreadsheet and I'm gonna
use the remote good thing it's like a
remote app and I'm going to control her
iTunes and try to scare watch my shows
divorce okay let's go into her library
what song do you want to play
gotcha
you don't like every time I die I was
hoping it'd be louder fail
are you awake now but that a very good
dream it was funny oh my god I get crazy
weird like who I was scared
let's get chased by big monster alley
don't forget to check out the shirts
before the pre-order is over September
14th on internet killed tv.com or a few
lazy people it's the links in the sub
bar have a good day
