good morning guys today is the last day
of the United Kingdom and flame dr. Tran
I had a brilliant breakfast some healthy
breakfast what is that
I get a worm in ninth yeah oh yeah there
we go
I just got a call from the courier
company who's delivering my base within
an hour so they've finally found it
hopefully they find me there is his way
the month and you just took a cab
actually an uber and it had the coolest
conversation without the guy who's so
nice he told us all the cool places to
go or at least me I just decided the
venture off this is called a Marble Arch
and he said this would be a cool place
to go I'd love is this awesome thing and
then there's the McDonald's right there
McDonald's American Embassy Marble Arch
American Embassy Marble Arch historic
that's good I feel like that's the thing
like nowadays anyway but now I got to go
find Westminster cool they have like
ping-pong like chillin right here so
many pigeons I remember last time we
were here a bunch of pigeons actually
attacked Ally one see I have photos and
the perfect sequence of all-time
the giant whore said he's just so many
bird
hello jeanette i'm going to do some
workout oh god seems like a long hair
and just to show few hours I have to go
pick up Julie for her surprise birthday
party so I'm hoping it's Jill's surprise
I don't know if it is but I'm hoping it
is and then I have to finish packing for
oh I'm so excited
the second Valentina last night we're
talking about what we're packing and
things that we're going to do when we're
there
who's asking me if she should pack like
a fancy dress like kind of like a nicer
dress if we want to go out like a nicer
dinner and I told her I was like yes
girl because we're going to force the
guys to go to a nice dinner and I know
that all the women are probably going to
force you guys to go to a nice dinner so
I'm very excited I'm meeting up with her
in Atlanta and then we're gonna fly the
rest of the way boy because it's going
to be a drunk flight from Atlanta all
the way to Hawaii which I think it's
kind of a relatively new thing I think
we're going to look a good 12 hours
before the boys so we're going to take
advantage of playing out in the Sun and
just getting a start to our vacation
apparently there's a marathon going on
the guys just taken subway system a
first time I ever took a London subway
all those earbuds holy perfect assemble
those confusedly I know it's the most
easy thing in the world but I just
forget it right through that supervision
hey the guys down there couldn't tell me
what to do I don't want to wait for my
time comes take another cab I got to
give it here this is my country right
here oh yeah
Wi-Fi boards represent well look what I
found apparently there was a marathon
that just happened maybe an hour ago so
I've made it just in the nick of time
before it got really crazy or just the
craziness ended I should say I love how
they're cops have those little hats a
little bit or helmets I guess they don't
know kind of matte that this thing is
worth the hour and a half to get here so
worth it reminds me of you prevent that
I remember that movie if we go over here
it's like we're in Orlando the London
Eye you know one reminds me of I don't
know if you guys have an Apple TV but
the screen saver they have a drone that
goes right over here I always think
about that every time I see that like
screen saver I always think about being
here well this is kind of all I wanted
to see time to go back to the venue it's
just walking circles people I think I'm
done take it in guys in all its glory
because now I'm going back to the
University hopefully or not hour and a
half so we're all here celebrating for
Julie's birthday guys remember Ginny you
saw her the other night
if you surprised me I didn't even know
nobody flipped and then Allie calls me
up and it's like hey girl I just want to
take you out for drinks tomorrow I'm
gonna take it to the canopy and just
gonna turn that down I get here and it
was a surprise party now here's the
funny thing she was with Jenny earlier
and so I liked that Julie pal I
literally left hanging out with Jenny I
was like yeah I'm gonna go meet up with
Allie all I'll call you she's like yeah
my car and I'm rushing that there in
time and those up so I enjoy I got throw
up on my K I really have to use the
restroom time please go there tonight
well done we know I'm up there going
like texting Jenny like any city are you
on your way work so well I even baked
flush the toilet I should have to make
him feel in legit absolutely coming here
is far equivalent for London people
going to Times Square and Joe don't you
disappoint it like you've seen it can
you avoid it all time but everybody here
is probably from another country just
like myself
I remember going on here and they gave
you like champagne stuff kind of funny
how Orlando just kind of ripped it off
but made it less cool it's the most
baller taxi cab ever seen politics in
metallic this is the phone booth I
remember the phone booth we took a photo
inside waiting for this I'm going to try
to go to Buckingham Palace to show you
guys I know we did it before but I feel
like a lot of you guys might be new and
we should probably go there and then I
have to race back
sorry guys sorry a little bit when
everyone's spot but I'm not racing to
act until I see much possible because
that's what I like to do when I am on
tour fortunately the tour is kind of
outside the cool stuff because more
University but this is Li kind of cool
coming away pretty cool this is the park
that Danny and I and Ally went to when
she got attacked by all the pigeons and
well the squirrels kind of jumped on me
I don't know if you guys remember that
photo the squirrels on my shoulder and
what's pigeons know they're on my leg
that's what it was this was that Park
just a beautiful thing about doing these
videos for so long is that you can have
you splash that his moments together I
think that's kind of coolest thing about
these videos and you know one of the
things that I really like the most is
that fact that if I didn't do these
videos it wouldn't push me to kind of
otherwise you know I stay on the bus we
just might chill I'm on campus this way
literally tour campus but by going out
and filming these things
it lets me see more of the world
otherwise you just kind of see parking
lots and then use things like that
I think I found it
haven't was fun
oh by the way there's a lot of horseshoe
literally having the most fun right now
like I'm just pretending like a magician
places like I'm like I'm story I'm
trying to be Canadian and then I'm
trying to do Australian which is
terrible I'm sorry I kept going like I'm
sorry mate
terrible I know and then I get going put
on and then seven the most excuse me I'm
just having the most fun right now even
though none of those apply very good so
it's even funnier to me here I'll show
you put on story for me
hold on this is fun I know I'm
butchering a wall at the traditional
guards scary guards traditional ones are
armed fully armed likes so awesome
looking these these guys don't move
watch I'm moving more than he is
cheating team flinch mind you it's
raining alright he's wobbling a little
bit hello that was pretty gnarly over
here sits himself one of your sneezes do
you think these guys sneeze oh there
goes he's wobble a little bit I commend
you though sir
always moving
maybe this is what they do when they
can't hold still those guys are
definitely moving actually anyone from
England can you tell me they can't hold
still anymore or they need to move this
is what they do actually really curious
hello friend
Nate let me feel what we're doing today
at the beginning we get the char those
for the first time all up Duncan sent
here he kept his entire family very
secretive you have any tattoos have you
met her before
I meant that Duncan's brother either hey
I develop that much how he's a bigger
dad he's a very secure man I just
screwed it up mr. Duncan and science so
I can please have a seat having us
they're a big entrance that's the plural
ways we communicate I contact get over
there that's right
blackball commodious bag of loving
not on the quiz
hey you're a rubbish I got them
bagging from entire bag around the
matigan robbing you I guess that you
like the driver be tell me how you're
communicating together I'm sorry sir I
don't regard mr. Duncan right you look
at why this is your imagination what
does it mean yeah yeah it's your own
interpretation of a Flaco which I see
this is uh this is a weird happens like
why specific now kids were they created
actually take your labels a little drink
that's not talking communicating lessons
per day wait we'll be on the coin if you
get these deathless by one and only
don't johnson i like all on the other
side of the printed version could be for
one I mean more yeah exactly
still more an even broader here across
walls or acquiring next presented to be
difficult I said artwork this is the guy
who did you probably wear one of it
right underneath I thought yeah he's the
one who designed that think the internet
killed television I bet lefty sure
pretty much everything that we have
chemistry
and I've been wanting to put in the ball
but a lot of time do we have
yeah exactly
go say hi to this guy bring it up please
go over there we have a thing which is
easy man Ali I'm sorry if I had to be
back
see you soon bed that's a wrap for the
UK oh it is now the end of slam dunk
Music Festival here in the United
Kingdom it was an incredible time past
three or four days that we're out here
so much freaking father got to see some
friends that we haven't seen in a long
time play with some bands that are
phenomenal bands that we grew up
listening to but unfortunately now we
have to say goodbye but that means we're
going to Hawaii and we're meeting up
with all the girls I get to see Ali we'd
have like a week in Hawaii so we're
going to try to find some cool stuff and
I'm going to film every single thing of
it duh I know anyway I understand this
stuff - Ali so she has it ready so we
can have it without missing a day
obvious stuff you know I mean I hope you
guys had a lot of fun last three four
days and to kick us off and end the
whole tour of sunderland London say
summer break Oh hold on okay so it's the
last day from the UK and I just want to
send it to everyone saying goodbye
same a problem in UK but they never fail
that's totally cool do
