why are you so lazy what are these Zoe
did you already get the eyes of the wall
wrists yep that's so creepy that you do
that that's so creepy dude that looks
like Marley what's wrong with your foot
mar what's wrong with that foot can you
show it to me yeah Marley's got a little
GIMP going let's go to park you like
through the park come on try to walk on
it come here you can walk on it you
walking up no but kind of gimpy aren't
you here's a fun story the first day I
got Marley uh I guess I was like three
years ago now but she started whining
uncontrollably kind of like what she's
doing now a lot worse cuz she was a
puppy she used as a brat leg I can't
remember what leg it was I think was her
thing was her back left one anyway long
story short she was whining whimpering
favoring leg and I took her to the vet
and three hundred fifty dollars later
four hours later and two x-rays later
they found out that she had nothing
wrong and she was faking and that's how
Marley was welcomed into my my world
Blass whole the second day I got you huh
what did you do yeah you ate drywall you
put a hole in the wall God you guys are
both asses it hurt
oh jeez right use your use your foot
he's always be he's still gimping here's
a random thought I remembered what I was
the younger hearing that you know your
last name is representation of what your
ancestors did I don't know years many
many generations back like for example
like cook or baker you knows baker
fisher was a fisherman smith blacksmith
type thing but first off i wonder if
that's even true and then second of all
uh what what did people like handcock do
or trippy or speed fairly certain that
tripping speed a party the weirdest last
names that I've ever actually
encountered and here's the funny thing
those are actually our last names those
aren't like made up for YouTube or
anything those are actually our last
names here we can compare this um does
anyone have a weirder or more unique
last name than those two if so tell us
in the comments on a side note it's
labor day and what does that mean I have
no idea I have no idea what Labor Day
means when in doubt just wikipedia'd
okay here here's what Labor Day in the
United States means it became a federal
holiday in 1894 when following the
deaths of a number of workers at the
hands of the US military US Marshals
during the Pullman Strike President
Grover Cleveland put reconciliation with
the labor movement the top priority
feeling further conflict legislation
making Labor Day a national holiday was
rushed through Congress you Nana Slee
and signed into a law a mere six days
after the end of the strike and now you
know doo doo doo good job Marley using
your foot now yeah she's faking she's
totally faking no watch the branch guys
you klutz getting ready for the new
shirts yeah so today's finally the day
the new internet killed television
t-shirts that you guys voted on are now
available on our website or if you're
like i said in the iphone video if
you're lazy like me just click the link
down there or go to internet killed TV
com so the people have fish head our
screen printers work the deal so we can
do eight different colors for a
pre-order for one week only and then
after
this week we can have eggplant and black
so if you want any of the other colors
you got to get them before the 14th
we're going to do a pre order a one-week
pre-order from today on to next Tuesday
the fourteenth and all 6 colors will be
available until then basically the
reason is because I couldn't decide
which two colors that I wanted to have
for the shirt so I was like I could we
work a deal and they did so you guys can
get whatever color you want or all the
colors if you want it doesn't matter but
you have until the fourteenth of
September don't say I didn't warn you if
you have no idea how awesome you sure
it's are just go to our website and you
can see they're pretty awesome they're
pretty awesome Oh need to go in cooldown
mode alright cool download guess what
guys I've been given another chance I've
been trusted with the grocery list today
let's see if it'll screw it up again
alright so far so good or I can miss
anything this time I think we did it
I've been getting a lot of emails
basically having you guys point out the
fact that i've fallen off the wagon i
have fallen off the running wagon Zoe I
have run there you go so um it just
became really kind of hard you know when
we were traveling everywhere hard to run
you can't really run in Las Vegas well
getting hit like my car so we're gonna
get back to our running right here right
now make a promise you're gonna start
running again the light just get all
weird it look like a smurf don't I I'm a
light blue smurf hey dudes I haven't
seen you in a while kind of just skipped
out oh I forgot how hard it is a run in
Tallahassee all these hills two miles
down today feels good though feels a lot
better though to get active again people
getting worried about you how you
feeling your foot hurt nice you're
wagging your tail I'm gonna get your
foot
we need to play Zoe hates it when people
touch your feet its foot got your head
get report get your foot get your it's
good to put okay he win I don't know
what it is but ever since she was little
she always had a problem with people
touching your feet get him dude you just
stole my spot so I am sorry today has
been a short vlog day but rest assured I
was very productive today I got a lot of
stuff done little clean the apartment is
Ali cleaned the entire apartment with
the help of me of course by help I mean
I completely left the apartment so I
didn't mess it up again we got the
shirts already on the site working on
redoing this entire office I ordered two
HD mini cameras you know what for this
guy we're gonna tape some HD mini
cameras to this so get excited it was
your idea i was reading the comments in
the video you guys are like put a camera
on there we haven't done an awkward
makeup session in a while but we have a
lot of cool things coming up in october
did I tell you guys about the prank
house thing I'll be in LA for a thing
called prank house and oh oh have I
showed you guys this before Al Gore
embedded the hot sauce alright you gotta
check this out look al gore's inventions
the internet sliced bread VHS tapes
apple pie football the lockbox 401k hot
sauce stupidity and puppets do you
remember that like well how many years
ago was that when he said that he liked
invented the internet or like he didn't
say he invented the internet he like
said something along the lines of like
he helped helped fund or whatever the
story was and then the whole internet
meme was Al Gore invented the internet
what was I talking about
cast yet so i'll be on Frank house you
guys remember last year when we first
started doing the daily vlogs I think it
was almost like day 16 it was like day 6
of this wow so 500 days later c6 and
Corey myself went out to Colorado for
thing called shoot the banker where you
guys got to shoot Corey and I with
paintball guns from home gonna be like
that times probably a hundred so that's
gonna be really fun I'm really excited
yes so the good news is all you trolls
out there and the comment land down
there who want to shoot me with a
paintball gun now's your chance see we
even make the trolls happy Marley oh
there you are you doing still gimping
ever since that was i think when i
started watching the simpsons I was
eight I think the first time I ever
watched one and I used to always get so
annoyed about this stupid cloud and how
the simpsons thing see how goes through
the cloud like what cloud doesn't need
to be there that's just extra it just
always bothered me a cow shut up
excellent looks like these asshole just
stole my seat I was just uh showing this
alley I have to show it to you this the
new simpsons DVD the season 38 13 oh my
god it's 13 yes season 13 aged okay i'm
gonna show you guys this and just see
see if you guys see something funny
about it all right disc one okay disc
two and disc three yes so we already
found it do you guys find something
funny about this come on disc one disc 2
and disc 3 look it's like a little
scavenger hunt good luck what you go
uh we need to get a house our neighbors
gonna kill us Oh Kenneth away from rob
Zoe is she drunk don't forget to check
out the shirts before the pre-order is
over September 14th on internet killed
TV com or feel lazy people its links in
the sub bak have a good day
it was the year
we won't leave
