stealing home good job all right today's
today we're going to attempt to launch
these rockets and we just found out that
right there is a prison so we do not
want it going that direction it's gonna
be interesting
okay get out of there all right since
this one took about three days to make
we're not gonna launch this one first
we're gonna do the pre-built one and
this one's kind of cool actually it has
a spinto meter and I guess you can do
the rudder right over here or whatever
those tail fin and we can see how many
spins it's gonna do hey I'm gonna I'm
gonna put you in that prison over there
it's right there
big Bubba's gonna eat you go what are
you walking get back in the baseball
field get in there
Marley that's totally foul which way is
the wind going Lisa's gone away from the
prison all right we got the igniter in
there also it's game day for FSU go No
they're playing Stanford the hell is Sam
actually before we go any further Ally
how many spins with a spin counter do
you think it's gonna be big yes yes yeah
how many spins I say I'm gonna say 350
hundred what do you think I don't know
what spinning like the Rockets like
spins up in the air yeah it's got a
little like little rudder thingy that
makes it spin and then it counts how
many times 2030 - oh wow okay before we
go any further leave your guests in the
comments Ally jeopardy music
gasps they're here in case anything goes
round there are official retrievers yeah
that's right well you're gonna launch it
first oh good
Zoey I'm watching Vince yeah or is that
just holding we've made the connections
yeah it's ready ready all right give us
a countdown
okay go 10 9 what are you doing tell me
before you do anything where is it and
success it's so cool
it worked so it that would that was the
success right there
I'm just afraid of this guy going now
towards the prison that's a prison
that's why we're so concerned wait how
many how many spins was it 58 I was
completely off so you won if we're
playing Price is Right like style
58 I love that smell it sounds awesome
try every technical rocket master I'm a
rocket scientist quit licking your ass
dog did spins but the thing is okay we
only had it on two notches we're gonna
have to do this
alright we're gonna put on more so you
guys can be alright we're gonna do full
knotch all right Evan it's your turn
what's your guest for the second attempt
how many spins 70 okay that what do you
got
it's like spirals as it goes out it
counts and it counts yeah yeah two
notches it was 58 last time no same
rocket rocket 65 no change 90 what about
you I was saying 72 72 that's what I had
on my mind right from the start
$1 don't freak out so I got a hold there
yeah push to hold that as you don't it
yet so close come on that's the proof
nice landing that just freaks me out I
think that was so awesome
Todd your foots on fire oh it's like the
boggy it's like all the Energy's like
stuck down in the ground what is it the
warning was what did you find out so
here like a rocket hunter oh my god
it was 1717 that's awful
Zoe's freaking out over there crash
basically oh yeah we what do we call it
a plant expression we're gonna call it
at the moment of truth just hit a button
are you ready we can't have this come
here
so is the crazy person running on the
launch pad be good all right Zoe's
contained Marley's contained Evan is
contained all right ready
ten nine eight seven six five Zoe shut
up four three
whoa whoa it works
alright see if we can catch this one now
my chute opening perfect that was
actually better than the last one I'm a
pretty damn good rocket scientists I
know seriously that would be awesome
that actually flew pretty well freaking
out Charles this way push and it's down
he wants to smoke what's she doing Zoe
running rampant ground smoke it don't
intend to where's the Zoe so much and
it's still alive
good job Zoe honestly did you guys think
this thing was gonna blow up like me I
honestly thought this thing was gonna
blow up the planet Express ship this is
success so far we have one more we have
one more the final launch
I'm sorry everybody singing the final
countdown
she is trying so hard one of you next to
me while I'm doing this what's bad so
are you gonna watch the rocket
all right there you ready launch the
rocket
oh man I lost it we can't find it that
was really funny all those little kids
over there got really excited when we
launched the rocket they tried to catch
it
so how do you think today one-nothing
blow up a little disappointed I think
about this have to just again sometime
later nice rocket babe Zoe stop rolling
in the lining Zoe tracked it down she
finds the wadding of the rocket every
time in rolls in it there it is oh we
had a bit of a casualty what happened
there's no yeah that guy was awesome I
was returning that's my old phone so
that's what I think of your phone's HTC
you stupid stupid head so for the first
time since I turned 21 I forgot my
wallet
when going out to eat and so when the
girl was like oh that's your idea much
certainly ma'am I will give you that and
I forgot it I've never forgotten my
wallet anywhere so I either lost it
Bard's back of the house not smart yes
you are allowed to make fun of me again
in the comments
you guys are making fun of me too much
it's not nice then your mom say if you
can't say anything nice you should don't
banana elf yep did your mom say that I
don't know if this is funny or sad thing
is when the girl was like give your
wallet I was like oh I don't have it
you know I'm looking through my pockets
and everything okay so I'm not kidding
for a brief second of time I literally
thought when I was like I realized I
didn't have it I thought to myself oh
it's okay I'll just vnz home if you
don't know what that is that is
basically like a remote desktop where
you can control your computer from other
places I thought for a second I could
just VNC home and get oh that's the joys
of living on the internet maybe the
rocket thing was nerdy but I'm pretty
sure that was
all those dollar bills will be rich
Oh
Julia Julia Julia
David yeah witness protection well let's
go find $1 that's always on our only fan
the only pin that works in here is the
fan that our dollar bill does so CTFxC I
showed you guys this a long time ago but
I want to see how scariest Panther is
look at that scary bathroom feel like
I'm gonna die
okay
oh my god he's Charles Charles Trippy
with Marley's army and his fiancee ally
you can watch this channel we need a
decision from the internet
