alright worm but you gotta get your
second dose of pills mmm
do you guys have to do this to with your
dog's rap pills up and cheese or peanut
butter watch marley though if I don't do
this she'll spit it out but if I do it
this way she will inhale this watch this
gentle okay and you took two pills haha
ok you can add some cheesecake day
number two at walmart I gotta go get a
brush oh yeah by the way what do you
think I got rid of it I still kind of
the five o'clock shadow like usual but I
was just getting too itchy out ok this
is how I know it's time to shave my face
when I drink something and then a minute
later I still taste that because it's in
my hair and it's dripping on my lips so
I gotta get a brush so I can apply the
decals because tomorrow is launch date
the rocket will be launched 1000 feet in
the air i think is what it says or 995
what couldn't go to extra five feet
anyway launched up in the air tomorrow
morning and if it doesn't explode but we
have two of them so we're gonna play a
game so get excited for tomorrow's video
too but don't don't not be excited for
today's video because I got great news
too when I hear the awesome news I just
look I wasn't even paying attention I
just looked at my channel the first the
first youtube channel that I ever made
our skitching our main channel Charles
Trippy 2.com / Charles Trippy week a
half a million subscribers over five
hundred and two thousand subscribers i
think is what's on that channel now you
just want to say thank you guys for for
subscribing that channel and making that
channel so successful and i have been
cooler news okay i think we are seven
away on this channel the CTFxC channel
seven away from the YouTube top 100 that
is amazing that is so cool internet
killed television is almost in the top
100 that's that's really really awesome
you guys are so cool you're so cool ha
ha ha douchebaggery parking okay that
copies
Mike
he's getting arrested
what the hell just happened
the cough literally chased him on the
sidewalk he chased him down in the car
it was a real I got him out over the
loudspeaker and the guy wasn't stopping
and then he almost hit him with his car
and like the sirens were blaring oh hey
I've no idea what's going on right now
that sucks poor guy I'm talking to
Charles right now but the guy who got
arrested
there's there's there's the guys bike in
the bag that had some minutes at the
cops after i'm filming right out there
to do it yourself oh my god are we
having deja vu just kidding this rocket
is turning out the kind of expense huh
all rights get out of here oh wait a
second hold on much better now we can go
okay I just drove by in a second cop it
has pulled up today else I don't want to
start any rumors I don't know what
happened I don't know what happened I
don't know if there were or not drugs or
any dangerous objects in the bag I just
know he stopped him told him not to go
into the bag and handcuffed him
immediately I have no idea what I just
saw no it might seem like I'm
overreacting but honestly I've never
seen anyone be handcuffed before I've
never seen anyone like him tough
directly in front of me so that's why
I'm kind of freaking out she's had that
bone since she was one year old and this
is this is how far she's gotten in four
years you gotta work a little bit more
there yeah a little by little your spin
clutch buggy can't do look more than one
again for the same hits here hey it's a
new day what are the punch buggy rules I
your dick cow that's our term of
endearment you're such a dick honey yeah
dad oh you know what I just read you
know i just read here at dick no i just
read that the balloon boy and his family
are moving to bradenton florida
that's just obnoxious so I take it back
guys we're not 50,000 subscribers we are
twelve thousand subscribers according to
vid stats that is crazy i thought it was
love for it I think you definitely do it
do you remember the last time we were
here yeah look at this I guess people
who come to the verizon start on all the
time all the way it's so funny that's
actually oh look at this oh you forgive
you it's not exactly what we want to see
at the verizon store oops broken you
done broke it I've done good alright
this number three this is this is
ridiculous it's actually I think this is
number four because I had when I um at
walmart it was a truck you guys well you
guys I'd like to explain it to you guys
Nev saw probably three minutes ago it's
a mini tornado it's a twister yeah it's
a bag in the freaking win you're gonna
blow away like Bill Paxton no in helen
hunt you killed the tornado now time for
the tedious process of putting the
stickers on the heck are you doing
what's wrong with our years cuz i do
that noise no look at the air it's like
this for a broken here what you're an
asshole oh sorry this thing's getting
ready to fly look at that it's got super
cool decals so it makes them go a lot
faster into space you have to have the
decals guys you can't just have a rocket
and you know
rockets the decals make it go faster
trust me i know i am now a rocket
scientist because i just built a rocket
dun-da-da-da don't know what I'm doing
this music for it look how it is now
ready for orbit I think that's pretty
sweet Zoe Marley's official duty
tomorrow morning is to locate and
retrieve this you can do it Zoe know
about you Marv no okay I want to do this
now wanna do now remember I was talking
about awesome trends how like oops how
silly bands are stupid okay look we got
some pogs and i challenge you to a pog
off okay do not apply pogs you don't
remember how to play okay come here
alright just stealing no that's well
that's kind of what you know no that's
not it okay what you do is kind of like
gambling it's actually like gambling
this is how I used to play it so you
take three of them these three by three
right couple your three down I think I
think what you have to do is you have to
go I could be doing this wrong if I'm
doing wrong video so these are your
three right remember those three got it
yes okay and I think you put them
facedown but you alternate them so it's
like that was yours it's mine that's
yours mine yours mine I think that's
what you know and then what you have to
do is you got to take your slammer and
you have to make them flip over and the
ones that flip over but the thing is I
don't I don't know if you that was
seriously do it ok show that what you
just did hi Joe but you just did hi it's
fun yeah I just were you were you a
plastic slammer or a metal slammer
person I always liked the
sick ones the best i think i'm doing
this wrong finger indentations i thought
i was like a flip like you do like i
don't remember to be honest with you now
I'm confused I don't know it's heavy
metal isn't that a whole anime or
something okay this 1992 oh I feel like
we're playing this wrong I don't like
the metal ones cuz when you do the metal
ones is this so loud well I don't
remember how to play huh there's
something that's this is a stupid game
I'm raggedly surgery oh you're cutting
goby I didn't I cut his elbows he's
Charles Charles tramping with Marley Zoe
and his fiance alley you can watch this
channel we need a decision from the
internet
