good morning guys so I just got this
message from nulls on YouTube everyone
knows notes a really good friend of mine
and he's saying happy birthday on our
Facebook group if you're not if you
don't like our Facebook group links down
there in a sub bar you can like our
Facebook group it's so weird you can't
add us you have to like us so I wanted
to show it to you guys because it made
me laugh
happy birthday if you guys don't know
nulls you'd need to go check them out so
if you remember for last year I have a
tradition so it was my friend Andrew we
have a tradition that every time it's
our birthday we have to sing a song and
it's called happy birthday to me by the
Vandals and I sing it every year on my
birthday so singing together
if you don't know that song it's the
Vandals happy birthday to me
make that a tradition in your household
sorry I can't live sing I just I just
can sing that's okay this Ally's in
class right now I figured I'm gonna go
to Walmart and get some paint for this
cuz you know how might as well finish
this today because it's just sitting
here looking really stupid and bad I'm
not sure what colors I should do I want
to kind of do white and then like write
CTFxC or on it
this is seer Davis their name right oh
that's a fail this is hilarious the
National Guard has a video game tent set
up to draw people in they're playing
modern warfare it's kind of ironic punch
Bell you do a punch back I really don't
want to go to Walmart right now I don't
know what it is it's got the scary vibe
to it like everything is just scary at
Walmart Target okay are you the type of
people that say target or tarjay do you
like to make a little funny tarjay he
thinks this I think it's French oh by
the way regarding my do she had you guys
call it by douchey hat I wanted to show
you guys cuz you were asking about these
buttons it's the old suspense thrillers
the first button I ever made and then
the typecast the band called the
typecast before I was the suspense
thriller I was in a band with my friends
Holly drew and a camera and myself and
it was like hardcore band but then they
branched off and went to straight up our
core they're really awesome but yeah
they're my best friend's band and then
our old band that's what those buttons
are see I told you I read the comments
now time not to get lost in the halls of
Walmart
do you guys like to do it yourself quick
name that movie all right what color
what color do we want to do this what
color do you guys think we should do oh
wow this is kind of cool as extend that
would have been good for that rocket one
the big one let's paint the thing white
and then do this for the little bombs
and stuff that's pretty cool that was
interesting a guy walked up to me and
started asking me all these questions
about Walmart where things were do I
look like I work at Walmart dressed like
that this what Walmart wears hmm
interesting I should have told the wrong
place but the sad thing is I knew
exactly what he was looking for I spend
way too much time there just learn
something new today apparently you have
to be 18 or older to buy spray paint
that's that's something funny why you
adolescent kids spray-painting graffiti
or something I don't know oh and look at
this
it's M&Ms strawberry and peanut butter I
had to get them just because the WTF
factor that's I don't know it's so mean
the thing is I was looking for the
pretzel M&Ms because you know they sell
those commercials all the time I have
yet to see or try the pretzel M&Ms if
you tried them tell me in the comments
if they're good I'll keep looking but
let's try these now okay you'll see put
you guys are in there this smell
different
these are effing good holy crap these
are delicious oh and some of the ones
you can tell they're freaking delicious
I swear these not a paid endorsement by
M&Ms but M&Ms if you want to send me
more that's awesome I actually bought
these thinking they were gonna be
disgusting Wow
those were really good I love being able
to upload to the iPhone channel so
easily now now you guys have more videos
to watch that's not too much is it I
just like making videos I just like
sharing my life with you guys okay okay
I think everyone across the world heard
that Quidditch and why you itching you
just got a bath yesterday okay I'll stop
laughing at you you're dripping
everywhere alright time to our party
should have catched all this stuff oh
well time to paint see if this looks
good oh whoops
well I just sanded that huh but there
was no time people no time now this is a
snazzy rocking look at that is looking
so sweet we should have a contest I'll
just like give this away to one of you
guys okay what do I hang this whatever
be stuck holding this for like 20
minutes now
all right apparently those are really
bad for you like the calories and stuff
like that this is like the smallest bag
of M&Ms - there comes like seven of
those things aren't those fucking
amazing you ready to see the finished
today I just wish I sanded it but the
finished product this is what the
paint's looking like it's looking pretty
snazzy and then we gotta just do these
decals and then come this weekend we
will see if it will blow up or go a
thousand feet in the air what do you
what are you guys predict I think it's
gonna blow up we got to name this thing
what do you want to call it what do you
what ship name should we give this I'm
gonna let you guys name it so you have
to tell me today tomorrow we're gonna
christen it and then hopefully tomorrow
or Saturday we're gonna fly it feel like
such a dork building a model rocket is
that dorky it's awesome it's awesome
isn't it especially when it explodes
it's my birthday so we can't be dorky
cuz I said so I made it so good news
guys I talked to Sophie at YouTube and
they are going to try to fix the
subscription bug that a lot of you guys
are having I guess are you getting our
videos in the sub box a lot of people
okay here's something weird the view
count on the last three or four videos
have been really weird actually has lost
six videos and then if you hit them if
you actually hit
if you count and look at the line graph
it's different so I don't know they're
trying to fix that bottom line is
they're working on it is what I was told
so hopefully they're working on it
quicker if you are not getting our
videos in the subscription box I'm
assuming you're not watching this but if
you are let me know that'd be great
now for the good news since I don't
really feel like doing much today this
like Thursday I'd rather do something
this weekend maybe Ali is going to make
me the greatest pizza in the world
pesto pizza see that's all I wanted for
my birthday I'm pretty easy to please
don't I I do want to say thank you guys
the the Facebook group and my Twitter
have been hammered with that replies and
comments from you guys and in the videos
so I just want to say thank you guys so
much it's just so awesome I really I'm
really proud to share every day with you
guys like this and I really you know it
lets me know that you guys appreciate it
you like it you having fun with it so as
long as you guys are having fun I'm
having fun and this will go on for years
would that be weird if I'm like you guys
got to see okay
are kids being born then we retire and
then we die when I'm old and like
120,000 years old wouldn't that be
pretty weird to have in my entire life
chronicled like online that'd be so
weird and awesome no you can't have some
pizza no fine Mikan some pesto do you
want another one all right hold on all
right
that's where a Zowie is like the
cheapest dog ever you don't even need to
buy dog treats
just give her ice cubes wait make sure
it doesn't stick to your face okay
this she runs off it's so funny I try to
get watch what I try to do watch what I
try to give it a Marley look at that
pizza already by the way you're sitting
awfully weird try it yes you won't do it
and so yeah okay you want sugar or
something on that you can see the oil
burning or boiling under the cheese
sorry that's every five that's just that
I dare you to put that in your mouth
right now
okay so Charles is in the shower
when he comes out I'm gonna I'm gonna
light a candle in a piece of pizza for
him because he didn't really want cake
or anything so I just made a mistake for
pizza happy birthday know anything happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
I feel like I can get electrocuted with
this thing oh the reason why the camera
just shut off abruptly it was because my
my kind of blowing powers that sounds
terrible to say it was so powerful the
wax flew all over Ali's chest pizza with
flour plates he's Charles Charles
trippin with Marley Zoe and his fiance
Ali you can watch this channel decision
