yeah health insurance I know about time
yes so I got kicked off my parents a
couple years ago and I never got around
to getting health insurance just cuz I
don't know I just always thought oh I
don't need that but then I thought about
it yeah I do
and since we don't have like a lot of
countries have free health insurance we
don't in the States so I I am now
covered no we need to do now
we totally need to start ramping
dirtbikes just kidding listen noise did
you hear it you guys probably can't even
hear it it's like this no anyway okay
I'm being such a bad apple nerd
apparently there was the the keynote
thingy for the the media event or they
would do the it's basically when they do
the new iPods and against there's new
iPods so there's the Nano and wait
that's the Nano holy crap
and that's the midget one and then
there's the Nano apparently the new iPod
Touch can do FaceTime which is kind of
cool and then they also have they fixed
the whole y5 HD you know HD upload or
whatever you can do that now with 4.1
but you can't do it on 3G and then look
at this that's the new ITV Apple TV that
is so cool
you can stream YouTube videos now in HD
to your teeth basically old media are
coming for you now we're gonna be at
YouTube on your TV it's awesome must
must get I don't care what you say the
nanos are pretty sweet too I can't
believe all they are so we had a fish
casualty yesterday apparently a little
Mickey Mouse guy died just randomly I
don't know why just like was dead so we
gotta go get another one the newest
member of the CTFxC army didn't make it
so we gotta go get this guy new new
little buddy I think you killed him did
you mr. frog mr. fresh feed them I don't
know that's gonna be on the other side
of the door
I know something's so funny in a parking
garage on campus can you guys see this
hold on
can you guys see the ground no you can't
alright let it do you see that that end
is back left turn only written by a
five-year-old major fail you know what
we're gonna do today we are going to
okay yesterday I was watching The
Simpsons the season 13 on blu-ray
which by the way don't buy it on blu-ray
because that season wasn't even done in
HD so I was to my surprise I was
watching the episodes with the standard
you know box frame not the widescreen
and it didn't even look that much better
my little review on The Simpsons blu-ray
anyway so that seasons not very good
that's a lot of hugh Simpsons fanatics
no but there's this episode where Bart
and Homer builds like a model rocket and
then they launch a hamster was his name
nibbler nips nips I can't what was it
like there's like nibbler there wasn't a
nibbler because those Futurama but was
something like that mister nibs anyway
it doesn't matter put a little space
like helmet on them launched into space
I watched it I was like oh my god I've
always wanted to build a model rocket
and launch one so today we are going to
find I don't know where to go I'm
assuming a hobby shop we're gonna go
find and build a model rocket and then
when at like this weekend there's
something when I was out of classes
we're gonna launch it and it's gonna be
awesome
there were always really expensive when
I was younger and I didn't have a job so
I couldn't ever buy them so now that I'm
older and I have a job we are going to
build one and it's going to be epic epic
just like this beard super epic can you
tell I've been watching a lot of wheezy
waiter lately funny
sorry well this isn't right stupid GPS
I see no hobby town all right let's see
if we can find these things get about
the remote-control car and got that
fixed where is the stupid little things
no Rockets anyone I choose right there
we go I think these are it this is cool
this is a freaking expensive do the
Ã©poca I see why my parents never wanted
me to get this 25 bucks it doesn't come
with the Rockets that one is pretty
sweet though or that one Oh see I kind
of want to make my own I don't want it
to be already assembled but take the fun
away all that one's cool it's got like a
double thing these guys bored you bored
with my shopping that dude's got a
6-footer rocket look how proud he is
yeah that's mine
that's my rocket excuse me sir do you
have a rocket in your pants I like this
one looks stupid and it'll be seen on
camera I think this is bigger alright so
the lady told me this one has everything
otherwise this thing costs so much money
so I'm gonna do is I want to get this
it's gonna come with a spinny one and
then I think I'm gonna get this big-ass
one this one's very sweet
I totally couldn't just get one so I
ended up getting two of them one's
actually really badass so I'm gonna
build those today in this weekend we're
gonna we got watchability I was like do
I really need recovery wadding I guess
that's the thing that's basically what
she says it keeps it from exploding and
catching on fire so I totally want to
make this thing catch on fire just like
oh look flames
oh it's one of those speed things again
don't worry guys just with all the
traveling I wasn't able to what okay
well I wasn't able to finish the editing
on that that's why I threw up the hypno
dog first but it'll go up next week or
something like that all right so we're
gonna see how long this takes the time
it is 456 yeah seriously I'm gonna get
to eat it now all right hold on there we
go
all right don't know what that is
assuming this is the nose some wood so
this is the end product that's what
we're looking for right there that's
what we're gonna try to do and I'm just
going to time lapses to make it easier
for you guys right Zoe all right Zoe
sticking your nose up okay holy shit
there's a lot of instructions I need a
pencil ah I already sat down this looks
just like a paper towel tube it where's
number one just starts at six okay here
we go
all right well begin time lapse now and
since we were talking about wheezy
waiter might as well use his band now
I literally have no idea what we see
hello
I lost something already how did I lose
that what is that the glue that stuck
this shit then you can't play around
with this stuff
oh this thing sucks now I'm remembering
more and more why I never did this for
as Leo younger I would never been able
to 26 and I can't do this my hands where
you guys can't really see it I guess
my hands were glued together for like
three minutes I couldn't pull them apart
now I have this like sweet skin on top
of my skin I now asked for powers I got
the engine Department the engine
compartment
check all right it says the sand the
wood but I don't have sandpaper or
patience so we won't be doing them chit
chit chit chit oh damn it I got super
glue on the scissors
all right so I'm doing pretty good you
got the wings together
that's good progress all right so it's
telling me that I need to put this
marker thing on the tube and then mark
the tube but that doesn't make any sense
because all right figured it out
now it's starting to look like a
spaceship look at my eyes I'm just like
look at my fingers you got to see my
fingers do this look at that
it's like hard
done look at my fingers that's super
glue stuck how do you get super glue off
just gonna learn to do this outside I
feel like I'm high from just the fumes
oh I feel like crap I need to get
outside we have a rocket yes it only
took what time is it is 6:30 was at 5 so
it took an hour and a half and we're not
even done with the ping it's still so I
have to go we get some paint oh I think
it's mer all right check out my hands
like it I got I super glued at number I
think it's a number two on my finger do
you guys want to see something really
awesome I have the world's first silly
band you want to see it you want to see
it Marley wants to see it apparently
he's so creepy sometimes dude already
see it dunt dunt dunt dunt on the
world's first silly band it was a very
silly back in the day but the world's
first silly band all right Marley got
out of her collar I'm gonna try to hook
it on her face Marley look of it look at
me I can do it I can do it around so
close you're so confused I love it right
who are you I can't get on your beat
face we're gonna get it perfect yes yes
yay no don't take it off yet there sweet
victory oh I almost forgot to tell you
that we have a new shirt design it's
actually pretty awesome look check it
out it's right here it's really cool
it's actually what we're gonna use for
the skateboard deck but the guy said we
could use them for t-shirts as well but
the thing is I don't know what you know
we have a lot of black t-shirts we have
a grey t-shirt I don't know what color
we should make the shirts I'm blowing up
over here so I don't know what to color
we should make the shirts so what I'm
gonna do if you go to Internet kill TV
comlink
the sidebar if you click there you can
vote there's eight or nine colors that
are pretty awesome and you guys can vote
and tell me which one we should applaud
to do the top three and we'll make those
but go go check them out please vote if
you can so that way I get the right
colors links to the sub bar and that'll
be awesome just like the design it's
pretty sweet right I love it remember I
guess it was like last week somebody
like adopted a sea turtle and Ally's
name the package came no Zoey totally
wants that it's a stuffed animal right
years no you got to protect that thank
you so much Scott that's very very sweet
she's gonna eat it now no it's my
Liggins always protected you guys are
good guard dogs that's for sure geez now
we're done look look it's not scary see
the nerf gun this isn't a real gun not
very scary see you're cleaning a toilet
and I'm sure to you with the nerf gun
this looks terrible I swear she found
the nerf guns she'd be doing it to me
okay we're done
hey she didn't want to play did she not
want to play with you you being a brat
over there lazy I totally almost forgot
so if you were watching the livestream
that which was another cool thing that
Bulls letting you do the live stream of
the keynote thing anyway there's a new
social network Apple's actually
releasing it's built into iTunes ten
it's called ping and basically if you
download the new iTunes it comes up
right there right there and if you click
it it's the social network so you can
like add your friends so yeah so if
you're on ping if you're not on ping you
should probably get on it you want to be
the cool person right you want to be the
cool person there's like no one on this
site yet since it just went up I want
basically the CTFxC army to like invade
it and just take it over so you can
either search or just click on the link
down there and will open up your iTunes
and if you'll have iTunes ten you have
to download that one you can get that at
the Apple servers see I always warn you
guys when there's a new social network
always go and save your name like I've
been saying okay I just got out of the
shower you like this
look Marley's coming to wish you a happy
birthday your friend
he's Charles Charles trippin with Marley
Zoe and his fiancee Allie
you
