I have not gotten an email like this and
so long does anyone actually use myspace
anymore it's kind of funny considering
everyone thought myspace would be like
around forever and it's gone like
Facebook and YouTube just killed it
hope that doesn't ever happen to YouTube
now I'm scared what do you guys think do
you think YouTube's gonna be able to
stand the test of time I actually think
they do because they actually have more
of a community myspace just got overrun
with like spam and there was really no
community after you got like you added a
friend that was it there was no way to
really communicate so I don't know I'm
hoping I think YouTube Oh first day at
Google you know Skynet backing it up so
I'm pretty sure it'll be okay
oh and don't forget to click thumbs up
right there asterisk at get a free iPad
from my profile what's up with those
spam things and how did they get so many
thumbs up seriously those comments get
more thumbs up than any other comment
that I've ever seen in a while on
YouTube like where do they come from and
how do they this magic it's magic
I think it's magic oh hey no dog what's
going on she's thinking about Zoe if she
doesn't have to do the work now she's
retired she did all her videos when she
was little yeah she retired at age two
you want to do a videos as oh my dude
hypno dog - she's like I'd rather just
get some food that'd be nice
oh my god you guys I found a Jonas
brother come on I really did look like
one so I am reading your guys's comments
on this video that all hail hypno dog
and you guys are leaving the funniest
comments that I've read on a video and
so long
everyone's like this sucks trippy all
hail hit no dog I'm really really happy
with the outcome I'm really stoked that
you guys like this if you haven't seen
it you don't know I'm talking about
links in the sidebar it's called all
hail hit no dog hits on my youtube.com
slash Charles Trippy account and I'm
happy I'm happy I am this is a good day
it's a good day see that's the thing is
I just need to start posting videos that
I like and I gotta stop worrying about
like huge production stuff if it's if it
makes me laugh and it makes you laugh
it's gonna make you guys laugh most if
you stuff the trolls but the trolls
never laugh you know what there should
be instead of like a thumbs up thumbs
down there should be like a troll button
and what the troll button is it's just a
glass of milk that you click next to a
troll comment to get it Ernest scared
stupid movies just get the crap outta me
these are all Ally's silly bands okay
these are seriously this is like
seriously the stupidest trend ever
rubber bands really I want to look at
these the trends that I had when I was
growing up with like pogs that was
awesome slap bracelets even cooler I
just don't get these silly buttons this
rubber bands whatever cut came up with
this is the jeans okay there's a dolphin
I think it's a penguin an airplane I
mean this is like a battleship is that a
battle leaving us a battleship I think
it's a battleship don't know what that
is maybe an a that's probably gonna um
yeah helicopter okay these are
officially the stupidest the heck is
that I don't know you guys all caught up
in this silly band trend it's so
expensive too
you can get like a thing of rubber bands
for like a dollar and you have to pay
like six whatever let's move on today's
been a paperwork day basically
I had to sit in front of a fax machine
for about 20 minutes because I didn't
know how to work it
I know how to work pretty much any other
gadget technology technological type of
device without even having to read the
directions but the simple thing is a fax
machine
I can't do it and I know I've said this
before but I just can't do it
and I hate paperwork so that just makes
me not want to do it even more
look what I got today a Betty girl
philosophy very excited now I can wear
this dress and I had something else to
say but I forgot Sherman neighbors love
that one so you get a butt mohawk
you know what's something I've noticed
recently more so is that people don't
they don't say hi to each other when
they're like walking on the street or
like in this case a park this is the
road right this is where we get the walk
it's very limited so you pretty much you
know get eye contact with the person
walking next to and then I always try to
make it a thing like where I would go
say hi or really smile to try to be
friendly you know what I mean because
it's awkward you always just trying to
ignore each other I don't understand why
people don't smile I just don't get it
okay okay so do you when you say hi to
somebody when you acknowledge somebody's
presence you are you a nodder that goes
up or do you nod your head down for some
reason I go up like what's up what's up
you go look at that we're like three
four three four lessons the last few
days today's lesson always smile when I
said these people they think I'm like
some creepy guy with something in my
face is there really something I might
say oh the beard I do have this scary
beard no that's what they're scared of I
gotta do the wheezy waiter
this is xev enough okay this is me
showing up forgetting the camera so I'm
recording our mailbox my cell phone this
is crazy this RPO box
holy cow we love you guys you're crazy
YouTube's totally failing today I'm
getting so annoyed I uploaded the video
yesterday at like noon and it's 8 p.m.
and it's still not up and so funny you
guys are so you guys are like freaking
the hell out of actually using this I
can when I'm at a stop but I can check
the video right here see this is my
computer at home it's this basically a
VNC client and I can check everything so
today I'm going to go get a movie today
is going to be movie Tuesday and I'm
gonna go kick ass well you guys say it's
a pretty good movie so Nicolas Cage's in
there I know I'm gonna probably get a
lot of flack for that one a lot of
people hate Nicolas Cage but I seriously
thumbs up Nicolas Cage Nick Nick Nick
Cage I'm sorry so I decided to skip out
on kick ass this time and I went with
season 13 of The Simpsons I had to do it
I had to do it even though I know the
Simpsons are getting worse actually
getting better now but they were getting
worse around the season 13 I can't not
get it I mean I have all the other ones
come on I just love the Simpsons that
much he ruins everything and I worked on
my camera oh yeah I'm just aware of my
sir I know CJ I called you and I saw
this like all okay what happen explain
I'll explain on the vlog hold on you
sorry those this cell phone video
Charles not this camera
I won't be watching that excited
homework so I forgot my camera home I
ran to Publix really quickly to pick up
some cereal I just really crave cereal
after watching that stupid invention
show yesterday about the cereal bowl I
have fun nice so I came to Publix
like secretly not secretly but he didn't
know and then I walked outside in his
car was he thought I was gonna scare the
crap out of him but I have a camera sale
film vlogger
haha but then he called me my phone rang
behind his car and he knows my ring what
bye this is definitely not a very
organized thing you should have called
me what a turd a leotard I wanted to
show you guys this I was looking at old
videos on the Charles Trippy channel and
look at this I just got to show you this
okay we all know the word vlog it's it's
probably in the dictionary now look at
this I added this video October 9th 2006
alright this is my old band
funny-looking kid take a suspense
thriller when I'm warped or and look at
I wrote video log there was no vlog I
know that might seem a little bit
insignificant to most of you guys but I
just thought that was kind of
interesting that I didn't know the word
vlog so I wrote in video lock could have
just shortened it with vlog but there
was no word
I should have dubbed vlog right then
that's funny
the only thing is I don't like the word
blog because they don't know it's like
web log but with the be at the back of
the web but just
vlog is much cooler
okay just going back and forth my lord
are you guarding your food you're not
letting her in the kitchen you're being
a brat
you already ate you can't eat again nope
I gotta go hide it you gotta hide it
from you I only get one wag eat boogers
cuz he's well okay it's just making a
reflection so she's like huh
reflection wait I was waiting to see how
long it took her to realize you guys are
batshit insane you know that wait
is always special your special see is OE
this bad for the camera
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley Surrey and his fiancee Allie you
can watch my channel we need a decision
from the internet
