mom punch buggy no punch is back yes
right I just punched you we're gonna do
about it uh what's with the makeup lady
I todo so have we come to a conclusion
of what color that stupid punch buggy I
still think panga i just uploaded the
video from yesterday so i haven't got
the look at the comments to see what you
guys think but you don't want i'm just
gonna assume you agreed with me and it's
pink and not mob whatever mob is i got i
got a seriously google what mob is i
think it's a little bit Pinker than this
don't you think that's mouth I think Ali
was totally wrong on that one mmm mom
i'm totally taking it photo of that and
sending it to her you ready to shoot a
video ready i shoot a video hidden where
shoot a video you want to shoot a video
okay well let me go get the lights oh
gee focal she's so vocal isn't she oh of
course the lighting equipment has to be
the furthest away from me oh man this is
what i call our junk closet basically
this is the closet that we swore we
would like organized when we first moved
in but we were busy with spain and
everything and it still is not i don't
know it's still a mess and it's just a
big closet we can do so much with this
here's my bass cab and that's where the
right here that's where um drew from we
the kings effed it up one of their first
tours I let him borrow my bass cab the
cab's get history let alone you know you
know suspense thriller the worst part
about living in apartment though is that
I can't play with this this is 8 10 inch
speakers and if you know anything about
base or base cabinets it travels space
travels more than guitars and so that's
why I can't ever play this air it sucks
i need to get a house so oh look it's
wrong I will psychic see here what else
is in here latex masks all right let's
try to get these lights watch I'll
scared the dogs are of guns they don't
like guns you don't like guns do you
know this is a nerf gun yeah like a
first for shooters ok ok I'll put it
away I'll put it away it looks like a
pretty solid green screen actually it's
not bad at all for like three dollars
see this is why you shouldn't spend so
much money online you could go to a
fabric store make your own green screen
now expect to see a lot of a lot of CT
FX series using chroma key now you
always like to lay on the green screen
don't ya black hair it'll get all little
fine stay there look guys I'm on the
moon now on the beach now let's chuck
norris now i'm with ashley greene oh I'm
in Paris book Stonehenge ok I'm done it
was fun you want to go travel the world
huh all right we got everything set up
now and it's all professional so we're
ready I can shoot my video now thumbs up
thumbs up Zoe thumbs up marley you
should do commercials seriously marley
and zoe are both like so trained till
they just accept cameras I think just
sit there look it she's been sitting
here for 10 minutes not even moving well
of course I have this but she's been
good and you are being my director of
photography yes you are you doing a very
good job thank you make sure the lights
are all set up the studio is taking
forever to render I don't know I got
this awesome little thing this little
spiral thing so basically hypno dog is
coming after you yes the real hypno dog
just kind of to watch that on the
the Charles Trippy channel after this oh
this is the type of video at the send
your friends if you want to confuse them
seriously this video can viral because
of that it doesn't make any sense but
have no dog is coming okay guys let's
talk about something um in a couple days
I will actually yeah a few days a couple
days i will be celebrating my birthday i
will be turning 26 years old i will be
turning 26 assuming i'm living till I'm
100 I'm already passing my quarter life
right haha but no seriously I was just
thinking I was walking the dogs and I
was just thinking I was like if you
would've tell me like 10 years ago when
I was in high school or or even like
this they even five years ago um that I
would be where I am now like basically
in summary with a beautiful fiance to
badass little bitches over here and my
job consisting of making people smile
and laugh on a daily basis I probably I
probably would laugh at you one because
you know 10 years ago there wasn't a
site called YouTube and to that is
awesome so I will be turning 26 a lot of
you guys been asking you know how old I
was I guess a lot of you didn't know but
yeah i'm currently 25 i will turn 26 i
graduated at the university of south
florida i had a communication degree or
have I didn't lose it that's why i
graduated college for I hated it I hated
it anyway so I want for communication
and I didn't really like it too much I
mean I mean I like the idea but i don't
really like the practice i mean if i
want to be a professor yeah that's great
but um hey dogs pooping in my serious
moment you have to go poop into my
serious moment right now oh but i didn't
want to be a professor so I really had
no idea what I was gonna do and I guess
it really just shows that you know
always keep an open mind to anything
anything that ever comes in your way
always keep an open mind you know like
if I if I really would have shunned
youtube or if I would have given up on
what I was doing because I was having
fun before the whole partner program
before I even made a dime
I was on the site for like two or three
years because I just loved it and I
still do i love the seitan and you know
it's an added perk that i can actually
make this my job you know every time
like it's your birthday you always have
one of those things where you like can I
think back and we went the wrong way we
got exist quick you kind of like think
back on you know the past year and what
you did and where you're going and you
know I jeez I am I am loving it right
now no but like seriously you're you
think about like all the things like
people would always tell you you're
wasting your time and blah blah blah you
know you should get a real job you're
almost 25 years old why don't you get a
real job okay what so I can work a job
that I hate why would I do that like why
would I do that why why don't I keep
following my dream and if it happens it
happens if it doesn't it doesn't so I
mean truthfully there hasn't been a
website like this as like really
connected people like a free website
that's connected people as hardcore as
you do it's just an amazing sight to be
a part of and you know if I would have
quit when everyone was telling me I
should quit you know I should give up i
should do whatever you know i would miss
out on you guys i would have never met
you guys virtually or in real life with
all the meetings the greetings and
gatherings i would have never met you
guys I would have never met the friends
that I've I've made from high school I
have like three friends maybe two friend
two or three friends from high school
that I still talk to all my other good
friends my really close friends that
know a lot about me that I trust I've
met over the past four or five years
from the site I don't know this is kind
of like just one of those long winded
rants where I just want you guys always
keep an open mind I mean it doesn't have
to be you too if you want to be a
musician be musician want to be an
artist be an artist you wanna be a dog
trainer veterinarian do you want to be
up do you want to be a manatee like Ron
do you want to be a manatee go for it
maybe that last one doesn't apply to
everyone but you get what I'm saying
right I don't really know where I'm
going with this I just kind of wanted a
rant or vent or just talk I just wanted
to have a nice little conversation
because the beautiful day here and every
time I walk this trail I was feel
inspired to
the talk never mind the fact that that
whole rant right there was all jumpy and
I didn't really look like it made sense
and the edits is because I was rambling
for like a good 10 minutes that I had to
cut it down to a couple so yeah I'm on a
transition note how's my beard coming
it's coming in pretty nice isn't it
alright so coming around full circle
with roasting all you guys first off you
like this I'm on the other side of the
pond now yeah magic in it editing magic
I wanted to ask you the whole point of
what I was saying was I want to know
what you guys want to be when you grow
up actually no screw that that seems to
like it's too like traditional what do
you guys want to do when you're older
and if you're older what is your dream
what is the dream that you want to do I
don't want to say what do you want to do
for a living because that just ties you
down to a job you don't want to be tied
down to a job oh look at turtle see
those turtles don't have jobs but what
do you want to do tell me in the
comments and let's compare it was
motivate each other the CTFxC needs to
motivate each other just like that
turtle is motivated by food maybe that's
a bad example well that was motivational
I guess you can't walk around the pond
without being a little bit you know
inspired or motivated I want a fucking
burrito ding burrito
she's gonna get so mad
love you the silent treatment right now
cold a little bit I feel like you're not
reacting enough I'm a little scared girl
Stan Stan Stan mark like no Stan yeah
turn no no Allie's Ali's determined to
keep the dogs to dance Stan turn no mom
came in Stan Stan Zoe you're next no
Stan turn how you guys get to this Oh
roll girl girl get a Zoe Joe yeah yeah
roll good girl san Stan no she loves
that trick Sam like I bet girl Sam Sam
yeah Oh dan dan okay not fight with the
chair but you got the stick all right
guys well I gotta get going to bed um
because i have to wake up really really
early to finish this video it's gonna be
rendering and exporting like pretty much
all night all i want from you guys for
my birthday is if you can if you have
not go to youtube.com / Charles Trippy
and subscribe and check out the new
videos they're gonna be go up there this
this one is now online um I uploaded
this morning just before this vlog so at
the end you'll get a little little click
here you can go watch it and show it the
CTFxC love so yeah that's all I want for
my birthday just subscribe to my main
channel and I'll love you
long time just sounds bad that or hip no
dog is gonna come after you don't want
that not at all oh and just a little
precursor it's not supposed to make
sense I made myself sleep deprived
before I started editing this so it
makes more sense actually so it makes
less sense so it makes even more less
lat what what's going on they have the
beard is so itchy down so is she right
here is like the worst part it's going
to confuse you but send it to your
friends and confuse them because I think
it's hilarious you guys know what it's
referencing hypno dog do you know what
it's from you get plus three XP points
if you know really knows goodnight click
here to watch the new video on
youtube.com / Charles Trippy called
hypno dog you must obey the hypno dog
don't anger the hypno dog enjoy the
video guys he's Charles Charles trippin
with Marley Zoe and his fiance Ali you
can watch me on this channel what are
you a decision from the internet
