alrights find the zombie you feel better
why you look beautiful
let me see sorry about yesterday guys we
just didn't film because actually I
started feeling bad so that's why I put
the video of Zoe would choose 8 weeks
old barking at the mirror you guys can't
get mad at that can you some people are
like yeah you know that's not that cute
I'm still mad I'm still mad that's why
we brought in hit no dog hit no dog says
thumbs up this video now I will thumb
this video up so we're currently going
to a fabric store
I hate fabric stores I'm going because I
need to get a green screen because our
other one is like the size is about the
size of our entire apartment isn't it
yeah that's what she said yeah here's
the deal I get a lot of emails asking
why we don't put more skids up on my my
first channel the Charles Trippy channel
the main channel I mean obviously doing
these videos daily it becomes harder to
you know think of ideas and let alone to
have time to film it because we're
constantly filming for this what I'm
gonna start doing is like when I first
started doing that channel I got turned
left when I first started doing that
channel I would put up any video that I
really thought was funny in my opinion I
would I would put it up it didn't have
to be like this elaborate skit or
anything like that and I feel that once
we started doing in the daily videos
that I couldn't do that anymore
after a year I only got to put up like I
don't like six videos in that channel I
feel like it's a waste it's like a total
waste what I'm gonna start doing is if I
have a video idea and it's not some
elaborate skin or something like this
I'm still gonna put it up on that
channel because I need to go back to
what I was doing
and start making that channel more
active because I mean that's my first
channel that was my first you know my
first big YouTube channel and I can't
let it just you know go away anytime I
have a video idea is that I want to do
I'm not gonna be like oh you know it's
it's not really you know really good
skin or anything like that but if it
makes me laugh I'm gonna still do it so
that's what I'm gonna do that's what I'm
gonna pay attention to get lost your
destination is ahead on the right so I
promise to put more videos on
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy comes
the pepper in September that that said
that you have to make sure I do it it's
all up to you okay thank you
so does that sound like a good plan is
that is that a fair compromise you know
the words I'm still gonna be doing
videos here obviously oh my gosh it
Halloween's this year's come by so quick
I can't believe Halloween right this
doesn't make any sense
yeah it's like two months away this
entire year is gone by so quick oh my
god it's so cute so cute okay why do
they have a white pumpkin
it's the albino pumpkin it's the powder
pumpkin there's so much fabric at Joanns
fabric this is way too much fabric it
green or blue you keep losing Ally you
need to stick together I don't want you
to start knitting something alright so
we need green this is a plain green
where that's all good green for Chrome
the King we needs like a bright green
it's like a listen for you guys if you
want to chroma key anything solid green
oh yeah that's that's perfect
that's a pretty good green right there
no no should we do blue sea okay if you
guys have never known why you do blue or
green for chroma King is because that's
the two colors that there are actually
furthest away from your skin color your
big you skip yeah that would be the
let's see exactly so when you try to
chroma key you can't like do this but if
you have a green or like a blue that one
yeah so but the thing is I don't know
which does it better to be on this green
or blue I've always used green that
you're thinking face you like a fish
yellow only cut like what do we do with
this we just walk out of the store with
this please take a number green screen
check now we gotta go to local pawn
shops basically I need to get about ten
TV's old TVs like working or broken
preferably broken because I want to pay
like $50 for some low somewhat old TV so
what's the Boy Scout and thingy do you
know what it is so the the hand sign
thing the gang sign for the Boy Scouts
you know what it is I think it's three
fingers isn't it I don't know don't film
this is me uh this this motion that it
tells you to do I am 100% positive that
that does not actually calibrate it I
think Steve Jobs and his little team of
angels just wanted to see people do that
compass crap I feel like an idiot
we're checking out in the States tail
the state's tail we're gonna check out a
state's tail right now and see if they
have anything we're that whole let's
drive by someone's watching it as a kid
watching the TV damn it
so can we the second overall borrow that
TV that your kids we just totally did
that whole thing that I always make fun
of people when we when I was little we
would always have garage sales in my
parents house and I would always make
fun of the people that would just drive
by really slowly and do that whole
rubberneck thing I'm watching everything
we would do with that those people just
to speak yeah it's okay though it was
funny there should be a law though if
you're having a garage sale call it a
garage sale don't call it an estate sale
they make it seem all like uppity and
awesome because no dumping so it doesn't
seem like a pawn shop is going to be the
best way to find TVs the break those
those TVs in a pawn store we're a
hundred dollars you can get a brand-new
TV for a hundred dollars yeah scary in
there by the way too that's why I didn't
really film much I thought the guy would
kill us yeah this one I guess look I
feel dirty did you guys know here here's
something that you can't smell natural
gas the reason why gas smells the way it
does is it's an additive it's an added
not the additive is an added smell so
you can know when there's a gas leak see
these vlogs aren't just for
entertainment you're also learning
something I think it's true google it
google it let's google it and find out
you this cuz I can't figure out these
scientific words
maybe for my nude amount of utterance
such as tube t butyl mercaptan with the
rotting cabbage like smell is added to
the otherwise colorless and almost
odorless gas so that leaks can be
detected before a fire or explosion
occurs sometimes a related compound
thiophene is used with a rotten egg
smell padding odor into natural gas
began in the United States after 1937
after site after the 1937 day london
school explosion see and now you know
you know what's back I still got you I
still got it
I already said no punches back I already
said no but don't break the rules if you
break the rules you'll break your face
you're not allowed to do that there's
got to be another one soft beauty she
got me three times in a row and shaved
me the same spot and see what she does
she uses the Rings your cheater that's
what you are a cheater crime introduce
you know punch back punch
being punched by you no punches back I'm
gonna go look at that car you guys are
gonna be the ciphering this one no ma
punch buggy no punches back all right
what color is this I think that's more
pink than purple pseudo burgundy punch
lucky no punches bag like mauve Bob
punch buggy no punches back what color
is this seriously I say pink he's a ball
snob mob what mob that's I want you to
try to cook while I'm trying to tickle
you oh my gosh peanut butter look at
that lava Zowie lava lava lava your
foots getting burned
back up lava you do all right watch
Zoey's eyes watch them go cross-eyed
okay hold on ready my leg tastes like
peanut butter
Zowie you can do it get the longest
tongue in the world peanut butter look
how long the tongue is like an anteater
do you need help with that so he Wow
everything is taste like peanut butter
all right you got it
what's more look at those eyes
all my lines right I thought they could
see oh you guys probably think I'm a
complete idiot so that this isn't
considered doggy torture I'm gonna try
to do this now the CL how quick I can do
it all right one time it see how how
long it's gonna take me Betty oh so bad
ten seconds
20 seconds 25 seconds sauce she's like I
know
look at me I'm still looking I get in
get in
well sure she's gonna do try to get that
the off oh you got it off that's pretty
smart so weird I had the weirdest dogs
ever get that off hold on get it off for
you
hey don't they're better I'm gonna pants
everyone right now oh well I just kind
of like II didn't pan that way okay
we're at a house our anxiety for this
guy I'm not a science wife hey Natasha
we're talking about ideas videos for
Vidya we're moving we're moving because
we're on the swing sorry we just like
keep back avoid it's really hard for you
to focus like I hey man you told the
beard go outside I'm not really sure
what went on at this house before my
friends decided something I'm really
pretty clear the execution
DJ where were the people that you bought
this house from like really sketchy
really weird apparently we've got a
winch post in my handy cameraman we're
trying to figure out
suena we had a rotate you got a yeah
there you get you started there you got
a job last semester you got a what oh
that's clever
what do you do some other classes it's
almost a minute
oh yeah
which is something we're talking there's
no way for you think of this show us
your purse yeah this is going in today
this is going on
these Charles Charles Trippy with
myleeza Rihanna's fancy Ali you can
watch my channel we need a decision from
the internet
