so have you ever put hair gel in your
hair and put a little too much so then
you have like a big white glob rate in
the front of your head and you walk
around the entire day with it and didn't
realize it until now after the days over
yeah neither of I ready gonna park we're
gonna go to park Marley so Ali woke up
and she's kind of got like a fever and
she's not feeling too well so she's
sleeping resting up um so I'm just gonna
kill some time it's been a really gloomy
gloomy Dave it's been raining like this
all day like the annoying rain where it
just sprinkles enough to ruin everything
but it doesn't rain rain enough to be
awesome we're just gonna break through
it guys we're just be like you know what
it's rain we're gonna go to the park
anyway right dog yeah it's right like
crazy parent dog over here look at this
weirdo dude what are you doing what are
you doing dude you know what I'm totally
craving right now what do you favor dude
I'm totally craving Chinese food I know
what you're thinking I don't you're
thinking chinese food tastes amazing and
it always sounds like a good idea until
about 5 5 10 minutes after you're done
eating it then you're like what did I
just in jest it's also good sesame
chicken for the win oranges sesame
chicken for the win FTW guys oh look
imma girls here got a ham a girl she's
back hey my girl I don't why am I
talking like that well I am i doing why
do i associate have a girl with that
how's the zombie doing yeah you have a
fever oh you're gonna get everyone sick
through the internet you're like a real
like zombie why is everything turning
into zombies that's the first sign you
have aching like an aching fever that's
the first sign of the zombie plague and
now you're walking hunched hunched over
and she's groaning oh god Zoe where's
that book we need to find that book Zoe
no
though a runaway my fianc√© is the
zombie Oh Wyatt part it was it you are
you sure oh my god is so so bad oh
that's a Marley part you you where's
that book I need to find that book where
is it I need to learn about the zombies
I need to know how to get rid of the
zombie apocalypse thing plague is that
it right there give it to me give me who
is the cat so are you drunk hey sorry
give me it we have to go with read about
it okay wissen basically I don't want
have to destroy you so I need to do what
I can Shaun of the Dead where I just
like have you chained up an X playing
video games it's so good maybe I'll
watch that tonight that's good that's a
good a preparation to complete
protection from the Living Dead all
right oh I just stabbed myself with a
fork brick oh jeez maybe I should have
gotten Chinese food i totally broke down
I stabbed myself with a frickin pork a
plastic one geez that was a that was
embarrassing maybe I'll cut that one out
how's the zombie doing you doing better
are you still sick
you go better ah you feel better oh wow
well because you're wearing a hoodie oh
then you do have a fever they disturb
you I'm so sorry I didn't read them
early noise ha ha ha I'm so sorry she
does every time I look up I look good
yeah you look great very talk what just
talk normal you're not talking our own
I'm talking it sounds about the same you
must be stuffed up to that's funny
he's Charles Charles trapping with
Marley Zoe and his fiance alley you can
watch this channel Wendy in decision for
the internet
