good morning guys we are in Leeds today
and my vision is still yet to be
delivered but I think tomorrow in London
it will actually be delivered today's a
little bit more interesting than
yesterday and burning Rivington right
burn Birmingham I don't know like to
have a hard time side anyway weirdly is
actually pretty beautiful a lot more to
look at that's for sure it's moms for a
London smog think we're gonna have a lot
more or even more to look at and fingers
crossed I will have my pink otherwise
it's going to a state and I don't get to
play the entire festival which is kind
of a bummer it might sound stupid but
it's really odd it's a really big bummer
because trying to explain it to somebody
you know when you play another intimate
it's kind of like walking to be able to
shoes but you can do it not comfortable
where you can do it
that makes me pen I know walking through
leaves right now and immediately found
Emily and Ryan what up and that you guys
just got engaged win uh December
December and let me see what you're
wearing on top of Mickey Mouse so they
had Mickey here so what can I do around
here is anything cool
we have been trying to find something
going to many Calahan really okay I'm
going to walk around a little bit
so today I'm trying to make it my point
and wander around since I can there's a
giant statue with birds on top of his
head this is compared with city centers
I love how the tops of dirt bike that's
like my favorite thing good afternoon
Internet it is Sunday it's beautiful out
I am really excited because I'm going
kayaking with my mom and she just called
me and gave me some incredibly awesome
super mom news and yeah you'll see it in
a second you'll see why she's a super
mole right now but it's beautiful out
and this week has been wonderful and
wonderful very relaxed very uh very much
what I think I needed and I think a lot
of people need sometimes but it's
beautiful
and I'm very excited to be hanging out
with my mom today never seen a fight
over the Pipers blue immigrant sweet or
recorder I don't know what that is
he was rocking he's killing it so I keep
seeing myself lost but I keep finding
the board the people with like Pleakley
t-shirts free t-shirt sex Bissell shirt
and Mohawks then I fly my way back yeah
yeah
I'm glad thank you so much he doesn't
know how much like they don't believe
that I was about didn't thank you he'll
appreciate so this is Mona okay she just
helped me I was from Jordan right I
didn't know where I was going luckily
she found me and I'm sortable that
directly a lot of people would like rock
sure to explain I had to is it very
misleading so what do you want you want
anything in the air I enjoy dancing
there's Mona from Jordan but the m12
there's a tremendous amount of shots but
every little sound anything like
historical Hamilton really want to do
I'm going to look right and over here
you got to look left so if you want to
go go Blake here music can you hear it
I'm a horse people listen for the music
child it's going to cool like even the
buildings with like stores pretty
fascinating looking
my sister's house because we came over
to feed her cat while she's gone and my
mom picked up this is a surprise I'll
sign us up another kayak so now my mom
and I are both gonna go kayaking because
what we did is we got my mom actually my
two sisters and my brother and I all got
my mom a kayak for Mother's Day last
year and she just decides about another
one I'm gonna drive around in this green
one
just try find some like thyroids and
gatoring that was so funny they just
honestly just look at me like I'm
freaking crazy like who essentially got
a place if you go through board that
like the gun terrifying
then walk around at that
another thing that I'm noticing here is
that it doesn't seem to be a lot of
bloggers I mean there's a lot of
bloggers here in the UK but walking
around with this camera is not like
walking around in the states where it
seems like at the norm kind of funny
field only time I actually feel kind of
awkward is right now also as you saw
probably from those aerial shots this
venue is kind of spread upon like five
blocks there's like days appear when you
go across the street and there's another
stage then you go on a building and
there's the message stage honestly it's
like finally most confusing things I've
ever been to as far as like a music
destination
usually you know like what form so used
to everything being centralized walking
around Jordan Jordan I got to show you
this the first time I've ever see those
s you your very first one ready well um
that is awesome Grimes left all fleets
of stuff yes from Norfolk
that's where you from two other
really that is our total fool definitely
goal bitch that's okay move it
we are the first one those long legs I
just so I don't believe in communion so
cool
okay
we heard chicken Juliet on the stage
right now
Arbus precast I become insolvent amount
of money
like Ron cage I figured they were silly
songs like that before a band goes on
there it's actually really funny I guess
we're a tough song for the hardcore
stage didn't think I'd ever say that
I trapped to get they know the song room
update yeah me ten years ago I'm putting
it on my interest story Denso story have
to chat on my insta story and hunt and
Charles in the background of my snaps
look like a freaking dad that book add
me on snap in the face my book yeah stay
still rising out of goods come on boy
are you doing at me all times okay add
me thanks IMAX are pretty good program
will actually do use it a lot so
bookcase it's a real man time to
transfer
many dozen people instinctively as you
take this opportunity to if you got and
spot it and see the Sun if you get going
and going forward whoever it is I'm
really worried
whoa and a joke III
that show what being awful sorry for my
language but it was so that was a fun
show not to say the other show wasn't
but that was a freaking awesome show we
just got back from kayaking and saw the
coolest thing so we're out in like the
canal area and I'm not kidding you right
next to us I wish I was filming and I
wish I brought the camera I don't have
the GoPro so I didn't bring the camera
with me destroying this we've been bad
Charles would have been really mad we
actually saw three manatee like
literally three manatees come up next to
our boat so they all came to the service
and it was so cool
diesel Dan the water everybody so kind
and so happy obviously I know the
Memorial Day is more than just like
being out on the water and being with
friends and family you know it's all
about so once you start for us and who
have lost their lives and do what they
do for our country I want to say thank
you to everyone in the military and I'll
let you do for us to their families to
their friends all the above but today's
going wonderful hanging out with my mom
I got to go help her right now cuz she's
rinsing off the kayaks outside look at
Duncan rolling deep over here money cup
money Cubs this it goes pounds I just
roll around like this and your adidas
you got your ultra boost on - no I got
em DS no no I I kind of stopped messing
with those shoes me I'm learning a lot
about shoes doesn't trav and dunk over
here whichever's only knows much is
because of me let's be real here so if
you want to know about shit follow dunk
beyond that dunk on that dog don't
Johnson oh you want some shoe man right
now / cowboy boot key yeah kind of color
Patrol he's always got the boots and
Coley's always ones gettin resold on his
boat booth right the only person I knows
that does that and lovely weather will
last you longer
he never throws at me I'm shy if you
choose not let it and me nothing gives
it a lot
you might oppose the leather I'm not
going I don't approve to killing cows
won't fit on your feet forever coffee
wait Wilma at least Coley's conscious
about the idea but it's protecting your
feet so it's not like you're just
throwing it away and he doesn't throw it
away so he's a pair of boot boots for
like 20 years he just gets a resold sell
sure you're not wasteful
I'm not wasteful that no like Duncan get
new shoes every five minutes on every
month from a 304 try not to waste paper
or plastic cups yeah there we go
look at that the middle isn't it's kind
of odd glad I said metal looking over
you could have been me from very heard
of him yeah technology good event really
all the great bands on the world garbage
into glasses this is turning into a fun
night yeah this is behind the scenes
this is true behind the scenes that we
the Kings what we should just call it in
the alley Allah in there in the hallway
of we the King in the gutter in the
gutter with we the King got every
weekend the things that happen in the
bunk area true we're like right here the
stuff that it usually doesn't make it's
just the real world leads I love it so
all they want to do is have some fun
you're not the only one and I am just
trying to figure out how to turn the
television on on a freaking bug and this
is what I'm dealing with right now and a
spigen spinner but I cannot figure out
how to turn this thing on there's so
many remote
okay so Casey and I got that TV working
so it's dumb and Dumberer work in there
please turn it's a great fucking really
remote oh wait there's countdown clock
with any toast that we apply counting
down to you please signal but that way
it's clearly doing government summer the
only one is Travis another visit in May
we gotta be one of these right was a
skirt good that's good
Frankie wherever your friend you just
succeeded whoo alrighty high five now
it's time to watch movies at one of
years old
hey five minutes in yeah so these are
large pizzas they're so large so on that
night they're literally the size wonder
state
good face under the word honors so
pissed off right now I do not state and
slip each amazing in English is up
standing here and so somebody knows me
you know them you guys ever heard of
weed the Kings before it's on the board
sir we can't be talking okay I got a set
door we got to go all right sorry okay
nope sorry all right let's go get out of
here
a lot of crazy people over here all
right guys before we say goodnight I
just want to have leave say goodnight so
I will see you tomorrow
need to take it away so we're ladies
okay I want just say goodnight really
quietly okay so he leaves want to take
your call so Leeds wants to take a night
let's go creepy
