alright last chance to see if this thing
can work you guys were like Oh trolls go
check the batteries is gonna actually
work lay down lay down almost like this
is like the movie click that's what it's
like barley almost like this is like
that movie click that's what it's like
speak sureness off to see if we can
actually make it do it ready speak Marty
it works it work
Marlee listening very closely listen
very closely I want you to go get me a
Marlee listening very closely listen
very closely I want you to go get one
for one shot dog white dog but we're
gonna try one more time okay I want
seltzer water okay
Marley I want you to get me a drink 1 2
whoo it worked Marley it worked
thank you it looks delicious the magical
remote of just me just like the Pick of
Destiny put a remote actually you know
what if actually you know what if if the
movie click was ever real like if you
had the power to control yourself you're
good well if you control yourself you
control your surroundings if you had a
magical remote that can control the
world what would you had a magical
remote that can control the world what
would you do what would you control or
what would you alter what would you go
out and edit out or TiVo later or
whatever let me know maybe I'd rewind
back in history and punch Hitler so hard
in the face his head explodes I'd be
pretty good what about you guys CTFxC
story time I just a freeze-frame that
food was raining
your bathroom come on watch them they're
acting so strange watch this
what let's go come on it's okay you can
go six linking downstairs go it's okay
okay
what are you smell dude weird smell out
while I do not roll in anything please
okay let's go
man just imagine if humans smelled
things like animals can be always
freaked out
come back here come back yeah she's go
come on come on three come on let's go
fine so today is what you call a fail
vlog I lost the camera for that's why
it's nighttime as you can see in his
night time and when we started it was
daytime I lost the camera in the house
and I could bad Wow yeah I am such a bad
fucker I completely lost it anyway I
found it and the battery is almost dead
but it's working out we're gonna go meet
up with some friends we haven't been to
the strip we haven't been to the strip
in a while like okay you remember
Tallahassee
you remember fatality do you remember
Vegas right that strip okay you're gonna
see if you don't remember
Tallahassee strip it's not quite this
it's quite pathetic but hey it's it's
okay oh it now
Kappa Kappa tempus where the home is
that shirtless dude browning logging
Christian dude on the positive note I
did lose the camera but I finished
editing the video my member when I was
running against the radar I don't know
I'm doing this in quotes today's quote
vlog day - today's blog is actually
pretty fail because I lost the camera as
I lost the camera day
notice I'm doing more groups than their
arse in them yes see I don't know what
I'm moves gonna do with the video
because I feel like I have to wait
because in yesterday's video you guys
were telling me in the comments that you
haven't been getting our videos in the
past weeks one of you guys actually said
three months they haven't been coming in
the subscription box so I'm a little I'm
a little afraid because I really like
this video because one of my bucket list
videos and if you don't know what a
bucket bag did it again I did you know
what I'm done I am done now I'm doing
this
I've actually Krupp the pan
you
- the shoe style
together right
there's nothing be together
the best part
so gaming 16
No
yeah actually seemed really good
I was exiting bowinkle's I saw these
five pairs of random people hooking up
on the dance floor
catch all that what happened I saw at
least five pairs of random people
hooking up on the dance oh yeah they
were my way strip is full of lovely
drunk people to see
just completed she's at McDonald's now
in case you didn't get it McDonald's to
make sure everybody's not too late to
order whose McDonald's and states the
one that I was telling you guys a long
time ago where there was a homeless man
sleeping inside and the cop went the
truck jump over the little partition and
slipped and hit a peg on the ground and
it was hilarious that because what happy
now but because he was trying to act
like a hard-ass and then fell which is
always fun of the cops
no I'm saying when anybody tries to be a
badass and in Falls it's funny it's
always funny
we don't want stripped by the way this
now I'm not trying to be a hard-ass okay
hey so uh okay two things first the
beard okay um I'm liking the beard and I
know a lot of you guys are like you
gotta shave it you gotta shave it or you
gotta go full out um the thing is I'm
starting to itch so I might shave it
tomorrow I don't know I don't what do
you think anyway the reason why I wanted
to do this before I imported everything
it's the I'm allowed to import
everything onto the computer and I
wanted to ask you it's about 3:30 in the
morning right now
Ali is falling asleep because she has
class in the morning oh and PS guess
what guess what seriously guess what I'm
waiting you're gonna guess I feel like
mr. Arturo
Arturo Arturo is like churro like the
snack Turo if you don't know who I'm
talking about
seriously okay I got a stop on but I
wanted to ask you guys what time you
went to bed like what is your bedtime
right now what is what is your bedtime
what time do you go to bed because I
feel like an insomniac and I think the
thing is I've always been in them Sami
AK even when I was going through high
school when I went through college all
that I always go to bed at like 2 or 3
in the morning so I think naturally I'm
gonna cuz my parents are too so I don't
know do you hear that you hear that
Marley's an insomniac too it's just me
and Marley here hold on good morning so
yeah I just wanted to UM she's watching
The Colbert Report about it so yeah I
just wanted to know what time you guys
went to bed because it seems like a
silly question but I think everyone's
got different bedtimes so because it
might be kind of fun
parrot in the comments she's gonna put
you everybody so okay I want to import
this start editing so we'll be up by
noon tomorrow
look at that punctuality and schedule
miss and zombies zombie noises good
night
he's Charles Charles trippin with
myleeza Rihanna's fiance ally you can
watch my channel ready indecision for
the Internet
