so another day another YouTube hack this
one's kind of funny this one effects of
I guess it's basically masking you know
the subscribers that I what did I say
that those subscribers apparently it's
just like masks it with a fake number so
if you look at they're gonna switch to
mac courtesy but this is Fred he lost
what is that like I guess a million
subscribers or something like that I
guess apparently I don't know it's just
faking this number out apparently he
still has all subscribers but it's just
doing a fake number yes so it's like
kind of ramp it's a weird one actually
it's not it's funny like YouTube gets
picked on all the time there's like a
new heck every single time but
apparently it's not messing with mine
it's random so if your best with you let
me know in the comments and see if it
fixed it that was a weird little hat
ganda apparently the will of DC as we're
talking to YouTube's and they said be
fixed though that's speaking of another
YouTube glitch have you guys been
getting our videos in your subscription
box because a lot of people have been
saying that they haven't been getting
our videos every single day please let
me know in the comments so i can tell
them and hopefully they can fix it for
us cuz i don't know what's going on with
that i keep getting emails saying that
you guys haven't been getting them for
like a week so please let me know and i
will let you tube go as soon as possible
if you're not getting them in the
subscription box like normal just make
sure to come every single day
youtube.com / Charles are you to
accomplish CTFxC and it'll be there I
promise we had not missed a day in 482
days never missed a day so I won't miss
a day so you can always rest assure
it'll be on on the server even though
that it's not in the subscription box
which is really strict youtube glitches
well an update on Fred he apparently is
the least subscribed person on YouTube a
spider just jumped on Ali oh my god
call me on my leg it was like that big
you can't leave a spider in here you
have to find it oh I will be driving and
we'll get in another car accident you
must find that seat oh great that's
awesome you want to turn left here so I
can find a good oh my god you're
freaking out I really need yeah but it
has legs it can go I think damn it bit
you damage the streets piss stop stop
stop oh we go up here and stop okay find
him hurry find him just kind of looks
insane no idea what oh great see you in
an hour and a half
the best shits on my back flips out he's
on your shoulder good luck love you
that was roof throws on me so look at
that vid sets x and you got to see this
look at this negative 1.35 million in an
hour I don't know I kind of think
YouTube hacks are kind of a good thing
like basically all they're doing is
exploiting the glitches and then YouTube
finds them and they fix them and then
they don't happen anymore so the fact
that like hackers are the best beta
testers in the world 00 see you see him
the little splinters puck just poked his
little head out damn let me know if it
comes out little eight-legged freak the
midst of all the YouTube hacking there's
some positives there's this new app that
basically if you have an iPhone 4 and
you guys been plagued with the the issue
of not be going to upload an HD like I
have there's a new app I put a link in
the sub R if you want to check that out
basically so you can upload from your
font your iPhone to youtube in HD so if
you've been kind of annoyed with the
fact that you couldn't do it in the past
there is now a fix so links down there
in this supple are the butt bar as Ali
was saying down there right down there
this Java hack keeps getting better
better isn't it Zoe it's just getting
better and better Oh stretch yep okay so
the user is 20 hockey chick and if you
look down she or she or he I can't tell
has 99 million 980 7204 friends so
that's where our subscribers are going
okay I'll stop talking about this but is
just so interesting for nerds how cool
is that you guys see the sun rays just
coming through it's why i live in
florida i think Ali mentioned this a
couple times of a blog it could be sunny
like this well it's not that bright
what's the adjustments stereo youth
sunny sun rays coming through clouds and
yet it'll still be raining and then I'll
read for 30 minutes and then it'll be
beautiful again that's why Florida rocks
ever wondered why all the old people
come to Florida and why all these
snowbirds what your people from up north
they come from the winter
you look up down here it's because we
have unbelievable weather well the
humidity sucks the stupid spider hasn't
come back Oh mol afraid girl making
friends you just taking dumps everywhere
making friends are taking dumps she's
taking dumps nicekicks really looking
funny if like every time we we peed we
kicked something I'm going to get you my
she doesn't care sure daddy do you want
for worms oh I wasn't worms Tony swirly
you're gonna bass you're rolling in poop
yeah she is so again it's no good nap no
she's going in the bath well let her do
whatever she wants right in front of us
do I like oh yeah just race you're
standing right here you done such an ass
ok we're done we're done we're done ok
she's like for now it's exhausting
making your sauce smell like poop why
they're ready we're gonna mess we're
going to get it good that's it she like
that pretty much all right look up whoa
wait I kinda that's stunk yeah buddy
good job Freddie oh I missed it how's
way over my head but then get the bath
big dog come on oh yeah hey I didn't
roll in poop guys he said oh right in
front of us you see those eyes guys
that's why that's why she's a little
fatty she gives you those eyes when
you're eating look at those eyes those
are puppy eyes right there please don't
do it did you guys just melt just melt
hey I wouldn't even want to look at you
right now I'm so pissed off he's always
waiting for Marley get dry they do this
every single time watch they're going to
speed through here I can open this door
so they can have a nice little track all
right she literally was doing that for
six hours last night this is from scott
from indianapolis they adopted you a
turtle you own a sea turtle down
vacuum monster no no no no no no no no
I have been given the great honor of
going grocery shopping yes I have been
given the coveted grocery shopping list
and I'm not to screw it up the big deal
if you if you know Ali like I do the
grocery list I'll speak speaking of her
um it's a big deal it's a big deal I
just got to make sure not to screw it up
menu night on this one I mean really
would it be a bad thing if I came back
with like a shopping cart full of
snickers and cocoa puffs they'll be
pretty awesome actually in my opinion
all right we got two things we're good
we're good all right I'm totally
crushing it I got all that in like three
minutes now i'm just gonna find the
frickin pine nuts for the hell are the
pine nuts see guys can grocery shop
busting up a stereotype for the win high
five pine nuts motherfucker I am totally
owning this list we have only one thing
left and cranberry and then we're home
free thanks I think we did this we got
water we got chicken we got basil star
cream pine nuts cheese mashed potatoes
Annoying sunchips water cranberry dough
and you're already eating the cheese so
therefore men win men win we could do
the grocery shopping too what with a
list from a woman hey we still won guys
high-five to scream 3 2 1 by 5 so I was
just informed I got to retrack the High
Five Guys cuz we forgot the Parmesan
cheese basil pesto back to the store we
go then we'll get our high five let's
just pretend this part of the trip
didn't happen
I got you Parmesan cheese bastard there
now we can have our high five Freddy
girls you can join in because you were
you you helped all right ready 123 good
night
you
he's Charles Charles trippin with
myleeza Rihanna's fiance alley you can
watch this channel we need a decision
from the internet television
