look at Melissa she says at noobs oh I
have to actually go on her computer and
try to fix it
she's trying to edit her new video I
guess she's having some issues let's see
her it's always so freaky doing this I
love
wait I can't I get you can I can hear
you but you can't hear me but guess what
it's only day two of ally back in school
I guess she was late for class she was
late she slept in
for shame Ally for shame everyone shame
her shun her ghost shame shame I'm gonna
get haircut finally so my hair won't be
stiff you should I do my long hair with
a red streak again I promise I won't do
that again
never ever again it's funny because you
know when you're looking at old photos
of your parents like the 70s or 60s or
the 90s some of you you look at their
outfits even if you really think about
people wearing the clothes they did in
the 90s it was pretty embarrassing and
you're like oh I will never ever do that
with my kids I will never look
embarrassing or I will never regret
wearing that when I am older and I have
kids I think I will I think I will be
embarrassed and regrets the long hair
and be like what was I thinking
fashion faux pas I know well have you
guys done that already are you already
looking at photos like two years ago and
be like what facepalm I know I do it too
so how does my second day of classes and
I'm changing Italian classes a lot to
try and figure out like what works best
with my schedule and my teacher today
was this woman who
I'm pretty sure is a professional
bodybuilder she is really funny but she
spoke to us completely in Italian the
whole class and I've never I've never
spoken more than three words in Italian
from a friend who told me how to say
something and it was so intense that I'm
so afraid to keep that class maybe I
lied I do know how to say one thing
what's a good look at that though I just
want to call Charles and realize that I
forgot my phone today I'm really
realizing really realizing how
ridiculously attached I am to my
cellular device I literally cannot go a
couple of hours without it I feel
completely lost he's a he's a he's a Big
Easy imma be imma be whatever that song
is by be of the bees back
even stupider magic haircut now much
better I called the Dick Van Dyke like
that I totally just not realized after
looking at the clips that the camera was
zoomed and you can't see my hair now you
can but and the in the fairness of the
vlog and keeping everything in here that
I film I will leave it and you guys can
make fun of me again
what do you guys think I like to call
this the Dick Van Dyke I think it
accentuates my how do I say my nerdiness
how do you think plus I'm just too lazy
to spike it up right now time to go pick
a Bally cuz their car is dead
cars dead I know I know a lot of you
guys are saying that's the alternator or
it's the battery this is like the sixth
battery that we've had to replace in the
past year so I don't know if it's a
battery I think something else I think
the car is just dead sittin in the
coffee line waiting for some coffee
keeping the people to get coffee I want
something a coffee
but do you want a full leaf fruity no I
don't I want to shake an iced tea
help us some hot chocolate no I'm here
for some coffee strawberries no that's
lame
coffee yeah that's okay I don't think I
need coffee right now but I'm just
really bored yeah
go come off that clip I just did with a
car I put the camera down to pull out of
Starbucks and a girl just like rammed
right in the back of my car you have to
make lemonade's like lemon lemonade you
see lemons juice them and put some vodka
at it how does it go I'm gonna stop the
vlog I could give them my phone number
also I think it's funny cuz it's like we
have to kind of make the most of things
like if something really bad happens and
we get it on film or like something
really bad happens we can always talk
about it and it makes for great footage
cuz you gotta take lemons and turn it
into coffee but when life gives you
lemons go to Starbucks get a coffee and
get run into by some crazy girl she was
really nice though I felt bad she was
young and she looks scared so I felt bad
somebody's telling me that I shouldn't
be drinking coffee anymore this is the
universe telling me that I shouldn't be
drinking like you know what's really
funny about this situation is like
literally what's funny tell me I'm going
to tell you stop being an a-hole what I
was doing that I was gonna pick up the
camera and I was gonna say you know what
guys I'm teaching you guys a lesson
about life in these vlogs is that you
have to have fun with the smallest
things hence me with a straw in my mouth
and just as I was about to do that
BAM so nice hair babe day like I call it
the Dick Van Dyke skit alright so here's
the damage so see here though showing
you my license plate that's what she did
and then she kind of like punctured some
holes right here so yeah that sucks
several holes actually yeah could have
been worse though huh
Oh what's really raining hard where's
Zoe she's scared sprite here she goes
where she goes look at you
oh you scared you don't like the Thunder
do you it's very scary isn't it she
always goes and hides here or in the
closet okay let's go let's go with Allie
come on let's go go with Allie
ghost oh you've made a mess
yep figure out how to fit in that little
spot you ters not scared of anything are
you
nope just all bees okay you want to see
this yeah
my face will never be that big okay it
has to be blown up Wow my nose my nose
does occupy the majority of that it's
actually I mean okay it's me so I can't
say it's really cool but it is a cool
like idea like it seems like a really
cool like poster idea but I I don't like
it cuz it's my face but I don't know who
said that
oh you got your scared ears up okay
smell this
it's a turtle made out of soap so who's
that food
Turtle slope this came just in the nick
of time this is from the mighty stamps
tonight look at that the Zombie Survival
Guide see I told you we will be the only
one surviving I'm gonna drop the camera
this the zombie apocalypse now we're
prepared before they rise they feel no
fear why should you use your head cut
off their blades don't need reloading
that's true
ideal protection equals tight clothes
short hair get up the staircase then
destroy it get out of the car get onto
the bike
moving keep low keep quiet keep alert no
place is safe only safer and the zombie
may be gone that's exactly what I was
going for a blunt object that was you
know screw guns you need the blunt
objects knives machetes tire irons
crowbars oh my gosh would be so awesome
to be like Gordon Freeman from half-life
2 have the cook with the crowbar
alright this is from ear filters this
day oh wow this was invented by an 18
year old basically their ear plugs that
just keep the ringing that concerts
they're not tweets they're not treats
these are for me for concerts goofball
it you try to hide it I already know
what it knows go we just cleaned we just
play the house we just clean the house
come on I'm gonna clean the camera
somebody sent Zoey huge bags of rock you
know she's not supposed to do those
stuff
that was so good mess when she picked it
it wasn't it when she loved you they're
on a diet Brian they're on a diet stink
though that's true so if you guys
remember that video fred water we did i
think it was last year it was last year
when we're still living in Tampa they
sent us a whole bunch of Fred water and
look at Alison gave you this so we turn
round and be excited for that okay so
this is just from Eric apparently just
Eric check that out it's a giant box of
this huge box
all right so we met this guy at VidCon
and he sent you some silly bands of
turtles so cool I know it's really cool
amazing very talented
barley somebody sent you three of your
favorite toys she gets so happy with
those these are the only toys she likes
to play with get it Marley
it's the only time Marley yeah it's the
only time Marley acts like a dog is with
those toys you have all three of them
sweet mustache stamps what all right
what is it gonna do it doesn't matter at
the Sambi book just in case I know what
to do if you turn into one I don't know
I don't think you can turn yes I'm
smelling Internet smell it can't try it
didn't your mouth even no see good eat
more well that's a nice day so that's
why what's the taste like is it tastes
like a mint or what is it it says this
brain flavored chicken casserole
that's what brains taste like we really
open everything as you can see we're
opening everything we just don't have
time to put it on the vlog because then
the vlog would be super long so please
don't expect if you're sending something
please don't expect it to be in the vlog
we are opening everything we see
everything we appreciate it
so yeah I just wanted to address that
but thank you guys for everyone send
stuff so far especially the dog toys the
dogs literally have made a mess those
are all dog toys right over there cuz
they're spoiled thank you again for
spoiling our dogs thank you
you think we for fun so magical toys
blinkie's thing it's fun for girls and
double its quickly I didn't let's cut
back did you say slink Lee oh
the test I can't even get it to like
nope that didn't work I like falling
down the stairs weird game aren't you
bitch
oh I got to mmm it's not working I've
got a foot on the stairs no stop now
check out my hot new iron badge this is
way better than silly bands it's linked
advance
um this is what I used to do when I was
little and I got bored with my slinky I
would just wear it like a really big
bracelet and that's what I'm doing right
now and I daily boost it you're going on
five hours with that thing constantly
and it's just repeat with molly's all
ears
the internet killed television
