okay so I didn't miss school a little
bit and I'm excited to be back but I do
not miss the craziness of campus there's
so many people it's like a game like I'm
trying not to hit all the college kids
it's horrible but I'm really really glad
to be back it's the first day of my last
year at FSU there was a guy in front of
me in one of my classes and my teacher
was a grad student she's like a young
she's really pretty she's a young girl
and the kid was like dude teacher it was
really funny yeah I love less thought
that's really crazy sorority girls were
yesterday okay so I still haven't quite
gotten over how weird it is to talk to a
camera while people are walking by me so
I don't do it so much in public but I'm
gonna start for you my favorite place to
be hey guys
Ali's in class and I'm bored
okay I don't know if you guys remember
but a long time ago when Charles and I
made that video with the application
that sounded like fart noises we filmed
it right here I was sitting on that
little wall right there it was so funny
yeah I'm vlogging Jeff on the phone my
mom I haven't done this in Spain I'm
gonna make my trash into the basket are
you ready doing this wall on the phone
never throw and found this is dangerous
okay you ready I'm gonna totally mess
this oh my gosh it was around the room
and then and literally as I was talking
about Spain look who I ran into you guys
know her from Spain my good Amiga
go barley go bother go
okay - so all in all I think it was a
pretty successful first day back so
today I took Italian and descriptive
linguistics and tomorrow I'm going to
have a Spanish class another Italian
class something to do with monkeys and
I'm not gonna tell you anymore I'm gonna
leave it at that
how do you do what it's called it's
called an automobile you have to put
your foot on the brakes and then turn
the ignition
Alys batteries - yeah well you gotta
have the camera okay really scared just
neutral chart neutral or what neutral
well no shit Sherlock
he's so mean do you want me to help you
push it he's not gonna be able to push
my car yeah oh my god I'm so nervous
it's not on the brake oh the emergency
brake was on okay I'm nervous oh my gosh
be a big strong metal try don't get a
hernia oh my god oh my god oh my god I'm
moving
oh my god I'm moving Oh got it that nice
guy helped us oh man thank you again
Thanks Oh
yeah yeah look at that v6 in there look
at that that's what my gas Sox I have a
v6 where's yours what did you do
positive the positive why would they
make them both red that is the dumbest
idea
good job Hyundai there yeah okay okay
yeah I know it's all the same but you
just trying to be damask you hate me
right now damask you late shut up try to
make me a woman you rev it up let's read
this beast we have power I'm just gonna
read this okay
sweet you know while we're just waiting
for it to charge just kill some time
Katy Perry
hey who's hotter Katy Perry or Zooey
Deschanel what do you guys think Katy
Perry or Zooey Deschanel who's hotter I
don't I think I think Katy Perry scares
me a little bit I think she she's the
type of person yeah she's like batshit
crazy
she's like Angelina Jolie crazy I think
Zooey Deschanel is like the more like
innocent but pie is kind of crazy too I
don't know what do you guys think
success
free wind child locked inside that's
gonna be the coolest profession ever to
be a locksmith you could like literally
breaking anything any walk like safes
right oh there's definitely laws I'm
just saying you still have that skill of
being able to be like oh yeah you have a
triple deadbolt lock locksmiths it's
really funny when I was little I really
wanted to be a locksmith that because
like I wanted that as a career but I
just wanted it's like okay it's like
yeah it's like I wanted to learn how to
be a locksmith and how to pickpocket
people I think I got missing my calling
in life I should be like a thief but
that was little I wanted to just be a
little criminal I guess I don't know you
still want to be a spy really rather
slide right in lemon juice will you
inspire our neighbors we would be like
basically peeping toms we were in our
house instead of being outside looking
in on them we were in looking out so we
were like in our house like oh now
they're hoping their hedges how
introspective so guess what guess what
I'm only like a thousand away from a
hundred thousand followers actually
you're cooler than me
shameless plug follow me on Twitter so I
can have more followers in Aly shameless
plug
shameless fly you have to go get Ally a
book a book and let's play a guessing
game on if this car is going to start
when we come back
orange everything looks like Spain yeah
amber I need a white balance hold on
there I fixed it see we didn't know
about white balance the whole time in
Spain otherwise you guys would have been
out with regular things well you never
used it hello why do you say hello to
the girl yeah she wants to be in the
vlog sound like it Janet you sound like
a janitor in the camera all wet I don't
think anyone's gonna wanna hit that
button gotcha
your back is soaking wet I don't know
yep it's dead yay you're doing good baby
hard work this is ridiculous
yeah now all right go super strong man
times 2 today
looks like Ali's car is finally we got
to get you a new car now we already
tested all those cars for fun last time
well I better go get one now all right
Pete car all right Pete I think it's a
started you know what this feels like
the start of a really bad zombie movie
it's raining it's dark it's dark and
we're in a empty well there's cars here
but there's nobody here empty parking
garage and our car won't start and we
have no weapons so this is a zombie
apocalypse we're screwed Ellie's not
having it right now I'm gonna look for a
blunt object that I could use for the
zombie apocalypse oh great now we can't
even get you in the car is it can you
pop the trunk I got to make sure I'm
trying to protect us all right we have
nothing in here but recycling what can I
do is you have no tire iron let's see
here frisbee some tape maybe if we
wanted up this newspaper who can light
it on fire and throw it windshield wiper
fluid
I think electric use on what the STIs I
think we're doomed
ooh if I was a zombie you'd totally be
dead right now
nom-nom-nom-nom brains kind of Samba
fight alley we survived the zombie
apocalypse yes
a yellow a black checkered vehicle saved
us yeah we didn't die in the zombie
apocalypse
it's okay thank you were you holding
down the fort
yeah all right good oh yes this is what
I want to watch it now
best show ever so we escape the zombie
apocalypse the first time but we have to
go back to save the car right Zoey
we brought defense animal yeah you know
you always have to do in a zombie
apocalypse you have to have guard dogs
they can destroy the zombies but you
cannot turn into zombies yourself
because that you know what dog zombies
are the worst especially tiny dog
zombies so nobody turns into zombies oh
she's turning into one Oh No
she's turning into one
oh she's turning into one Oh No she's
turning into one her home bird ours all
right look out for this look up for
zombies we got the dogs over there
covering that wing I'm gonna push this
again jeez
take two guys keeping an eye on the
zombies no zombies what I want 8,000
over how about over 9,000
come on car
hey little copilot it's alive hahahaha
it's alive its alive i watch the zombie
rawr I'm just doing but it's like what
I'll be quite huh yeah now we can get
rid of this piece of crap car
yeah that's your mommy nice
it's just child repeat with molly's
always fancy I leave you
the internet killed television
