sleeping wake up wakey wakey wakey wakey
you're tired hey you need to wake up
what time is it it's 7pm you slept all
day yeah it is it is 7 p.m. yes that's
wrong is that 70 m since it's the first
day back I decided to set the camera so
you guys can watch and Steve these
little Punk's do anything especially
this one right here crush you my crush
your face crush you it crushed me
where's Zoe Zoe wait but there there we
go no I again there go crush I qureshi
so now that sleepy head over there is a
up we're gonna go do some errands we
gotta go okay so r.i.p little guy one of
our fish died but it didn't die on this
trip he died a while ago the one
actually that was pregnant i think i
think if this had too many babies and
died i don't know anyway we're gonna go
get the little orange guy a buddy to
impregnate again i guess we make sure
it's a female though so he can have a
for you to get it
so that no more maybe faster so they
could have 60 time Holly goes to school
Monday so she's freaking out she's
getting all nervous even though this is
what your Ford is your senior year you
should be like completely not nervous by
now and there's because I had fat
advising and I have to take like the
maximum of hours oh are you taking sick
clock ticking 16 this semester I almost
had to say well you want to hear what
she's taking tell it tell them what
you're taking this year what do your
glasses tell what you're taking japanese
society and culture this may change by
the way these classes suck japanese
society culture great discoveries in
archaeology
descriptive out introduction to
descriptive linguistics okay see that's
enough right there it's her senior year
and she's taking the hardest classes
that I've I didn't even know those
existed like in your senior year you're
supposed to be doing like underwater
basket weaving and volleyball 101 class
actually yes that's sister my senior
year literally it was the easiest thing
I've ever did my senior year in high
school I had okay seriously I for some
reason I don't know how I did it I had
I'm not kidding five PE classes my
senior year in high school and then the
other one was yearbook so I just that
was my senior year of high school I was
yours public high school gotta love it
where did you guys find that thing oh
you know what it was in a universal bag
the universal bag that's on top of the
they were looking for food and they
found a toy that is so funny you guys
are so goofy who did it I haven't even
looked at the footage yet the one who
did it I'm gonna look at the footage
that second but was it you or than you
this one warm face all right I'm gonna
go watch the footage so looking at the
footage yet go right in for the process
who do you think did it water with my
face um
who do you think did it who else who did
it doesn't get into the century girl I
think I think what happened was I don't
know you know what I think happened was
I think Marley we did it and then Zoe is
reaping the benefits I think Zoe was
like hey hey hey Marley you should
totally do that never get in trouble
okay all right let's cut to the footage
down see you done did it who do you
think did it Marley or Zoe let us know
in the comments now all right moment of
truth okay so there's some background
noise but Zoe's at the window yeah Zoe
seems to be innocent so oh wow this is
the part where she discovered it wait
all right i'm just going to cut through
this foot
so looks like it was you yeah you did it
you little troublemaker it's okay
just between hardcore
so have you ever been in like a really
public place I don't know like a store
or parking lot and you know something
waves and you think other waving to you
but they're not they're waving to the
person behind you and you react you like
hey I was going and then you look like a
total idiot yeah that's never happened
to me either ever on the positive note
got some good dog cookies oh hey new
little fish you guys okay to be on the
Internet can i film you of your
permission welcome to the CTFxC family
don't die all right fishes well he wants
to breathe that's so dirty well that
poop you got a swimming in your own poop
oh hi check this out this is from Ashton
oh this is so cool these are little
magnets that we cool they're like a
CTFxC app magnet it's so creative
jailbreak collective somebody send you a
toy just like all the toys I've gotten
so far what are you looking at you
looking for that laser
Zoey you will never get tired of lasers
oh look them they're just waiting
because they know when I open up a
package that has this stuff they say I'm
gonna get the tags off please you want
that Hedgehog would you like a hedgehog
great job whoa this is from Berto for a
Michigan I think I'm saying their name
right but that is cool it's a painting
and this is really cool to control a dog
point remote at subject push any button
hope for the best let's try that Zoe Zoe
wagtail wagtail wagtail kizim Zoe Zoe 66
Marley stop that it's a remote control
and basically pointing at the subject
and hope for the best so Ali I'm hungry
food the hood it's yoking stop that oh
my gosh with sabe gumballs that you
think this is gonna be really hot yeah
all right let's try this you don't you
don't want this I promise okay wasabi
jumbo it's just tastes gross it tastes
awful okay okay there okay oh that was a
heat No okay so they're just disgusting
no Adam said not to give this to you he
says you steal things i think that's
true that octopus Oh fine i guess she's
gonna get it but he made it by hand to
show them at least can i show it off the
craftsmanship ok now you can steal it
don't worry zelio steal back later look
mini Zoe this is really cool guys are so
talented the first thing I do when I get
back to Vegas we're gonna go hit up the
the Bellagio look pictures gave us the
blueprints we can totally do now you
wanna you're gonna Rob the Blasio do it
do it big alright so what what do you
guys think is better Ocean's eleven
twelve or thirteen quick 1 2 or 3 11 I
was quick answer that was a good answer
you're such a funk I'm going to see this
guy right here this guy right there
really i crush him Ali actually knows
him yeah so with all crashes face let's
crush him with our fingers ok I'm going
to not crush him hmm his face has
appeared now
you
