good morning um so as you can see we are
still in Sarasota what is this
dr. Kennedy that's cool I didn't see
that so we're still in Sarasota because
yesterday I had to do the computer thing
for my dad and I took longer than usual
so six-hour drive today
high-five see the key is trying to get
all the stuff in the car so cute easy
Tetris montage now not really
oh the munchkins coming pinata Oh Zoey
victory all right have fun cleaning that
up clean that up Zoey
hey I expected to be cleaned up see you
later
are you ready to go
just tell funny she's like sitting on
like Zoey's collar like this waiting for
her to come in Marley you guys ready to
go home what up yay
look at this Tetris action look at that
that is awesome
I totally rule I just totally rule right
now I do it Scarface everyone want to
know how you do it
oh hi Kobe is it I'm doing good cuz your
face look at that that's healing
perfectly dude good boy hi Kobe like
Kobe boys are so crazy
relax bud are you on treat gentle gentle
boy up you missed it
hey Cole there you go buddy alright see
you guys a couple weeks this is the
on-ramp right now
so it was like what the hell was that
man sulking over there cuz we'll give
her a french fry so I've been reading
your emails and your at replies for
everyone who downloaded the suspense
thriller album my old band you guys have
been asking me for like old photos and
lyrics and I didn't have time but since
we're in the car for like five or six
hours I'm making a document right now
links there you can download it below
and you camp all the lyrics you can have
some old photos of the we the Kings back
in the day
it's gonna be the butt bar what was I
talking about
oh yeah so yeah so if you want the
lyrics and so see some old photos check
out the link down there and there I'm
gonna I'm gonna work on it right now
I have to see use a funny thing he'll
remember the lyrics so that's why was
stupid so I'm over and over and I don't
even know oh of course you move
you're so you're sitting up
that's okay
yeah we made it we're home guess what
look at that that invention amazing hey
guys where's the Frog oh he's hiding
down there was Dre here with Dre hanging
out Oh Dre hanging out all right so I
was able to finish the document i spiced
it up okay got some download links to
all the albums ever okay here this
that's our good friend Danny Duncan from
We The Kings this is his first recording
first band I was with me my friends and
it's really bad this is like from this
is 10 years old
but yeah the document you can download
all the album's that I was ever on for
free and you guys can use it in your
videos and stuff like that sorry I had a
hot tub sorry a jalapeno honest oh yeah
as all the lyrics got some photos now
you guys have it Wow the jalapeno sucks
so check it out and let me know what you
guys think what do you rate that seven
now is the six look how happy Zoey is to
be home this is my pillows she loves
those pillows it's really funny like
Zoey
Marly and myself always have to battle
for this section of the couch the Marly
always wins no because I always pull you
you nu are you happy to be home yeah
yeah I always got school starting Monday
haha I graduated I graduated college now
Allie has two
yes yeah one like you should go to
college if you haven't seen this check
out links in the sub our cyber tunes
again Joe's our outro this will make you
cry I promise you guys
don't tell me no but if you have not
seen that video it's called the secret
life and I'm telling you don't click it
if you are very emotional or have a
week's not we stomach but like if you
just like are affected by things because
I watched it and I teared up sweet my
case came you know like Apple was giving
away free cases mine came sweet that's
totally awesome Ali wouldn't let me open
it okay I get to put it on killing me
alright I gotta put on my turn my new
pocket you were such a punk I look at
this okay okay
Selena Wow Thank You Apple for the free
case is zoomed right on my face isn't it
is that better is it zoom better is that
better
he's Charles Charles champion with Miley
Zoe and his fiance Ali
