okay sorry tariff tariff good you
supposed to be going to the bathroom you
just lounging in the Sun come on let's
go it's a nice day out isn't it
come on let's go inside it's gonna side
you want to be outside don't you that's
so adorable it's so funny she was like
peeing and then right after she peed she
walked two feet and laid down in the Sun
ah we gotta go to Tallahassee now guys I
know it's a nice day to be stuck in a
car though slight change of plans
instead of leaving earlier we thought we
were I stay I'm trying to fix my dad's
old computer I gave him my first Mac
ever which is a PowerBook g4 you know
the aluminum the little tiny things but
we're gonna try to find a hard drive
that fits a six year old computer so
that's kind of interesting but I wanted
to tell you guys this it's gonna be kind
of depressing but it's kind of
interesting at the same time I was
looking at the Associated Press you know
they can do a little clips of videos and
stuff and news clips they're always
apparently there's a building in LA that
is being renovated I guess it's super
old I mean okay this is how old is how
old was the Charleston I know it sounds
like a bad setup literally so old that
it hasn't been like occupied or there's
junk in there from like eighty years ago
right how do I know well basically they
were pulling out some old furniture and
there's basically a Chester dresser and
there were two dead baby
I'm obviously skeletons wrapped in
newspaper from 70 or 80 years ago
what first off its way messed up that
there's two dead babies in the chest
second second off
that's way messed up there's two dead
babies and a chest for like 70 or 80
years and nobody looked in that room but
yeah I'll put the link about it it's in
the sub bar down there ooh I want to get
your thoughts cuz the LAPD is like
stated that they're going to investigate
this case which I don't know I want to
give you guys thoughts like I said
because I feel like it's a waste of
taxpayer money because the parents of
the let's just assume the kid that the
parents were 16 years old right when
they assuming young 30s and they don't
want parents finding out whatever at
least 16 or even 13 so the parents would
have to be right now like 90 something
years old unless they found the Fountain
of Youth I'm pretty sure they're dead so
I don't really know what the point is of
investigating you just tell me the
comments below what you guys think cuz
that's my opinion it's real that's like
the weirdest case I've read it almost
ever
that's so weird to me I don't know if
you have something cooler that can top
that let me know who stuck for the new
Jimmy at world albums me random Segway
let's see if I can actually fix my dad's
computer guess thing I can do it I know
I can do it
I'm the computer guru let me ask you
guys this and so a lot of you guys are a
lot younger are you guys the official
like computer repair people for your
entire family like it's always been like
that ever since I started using
computers like when I didn't even know
how to use a computer like my aunt's and
my distant relatives and cousins would
ask me the computer questions I'd be
like basically pulling things out my ass
like kind of it's that another weird
expression pulling it out my ass
what was they saying now anyway I'm
making Ali wait cuz it's like 4 o'clock
now we should have left like three hours
ago but this is the thing about me like
if I start something I can't like stop I
just can't sit until I'm completely
finished with it so I'm not leaving
until either this computer blows up or I
fix it blowing up would be PI a little
bit more interesting but fixing it would
be pretty sweet too today random vlog is
random just rank for 2 minutes 2 minutes
straight alright let's see this is I
don't see coffee alright so this is the
old-school computer that I'm trying to
fix you guys all of these the PowerBook
it's like look at that's how big it is
let's take the size of two of my hands
it's pretty small all right wish me luck
alright so we got the keyboard removed
and look how organized we are you have
everything all laid out because if you
don't do this we screwed but apparently
you can't just get to the hard drive you
have to literally take the entire
computer apart so we want to be here
somehow how many people can it take to
fix the computer apparently four got it
sweet alright the computer is now naked
now to see if we can put Dumpty back
together again we got the hard drive in
and we got everything organized so it
shouldn't be a problem
Zoe hey all right moment of truth
oh wait I gotta have something else in
there ah it's not gonna boot
that sounds like it's doing something
alright good it's actually recognizing
something so that means I didn't destroy
it
yeah like Dennis just pointed out
there's no no screws that means did
something correct
I know nerdy vlog is nerdy I'm doing
like every single time now I completely
forgot
what did you do explain what happened
got one ticket of my entire life I've
never ever ever been until now I backed
into my father-in-law's car there's not
too much damage but the thing is like
I'm still doing this we're all trying to
figure out how to do the computer and
all of a sudden Hallie calls and she's
crying and the first thought she didn't
she's literally just walked out the door
so I knew she wasn't like in trouble but
the first thing I thought was like the
dogs got hit so I literally just ran out
and yeah so it's okay yeah he's gonna
have to go do some construction on the
car Melissa's old car so it's the one I
use this for that everyone needs to call
a lien noob a driving a noob
just call her a noob in the comments
ever do at least it wasn't like a
high-speed
the car was the second accident she
doesn't look bad my garage and I cut the
wheel too sharply and I scrape the whole
front side that's right so it's to
Exodus to both of them involved you have
to call her a noob now I think I would
like her she's not the snarling no she's
sitting here while I get ready Jimmy
look how pretty you are the company look
how pretty see it's like food is a food
here is cat food
good job Zoey
they don't want it on successful I love
the Sun when you start the computer yeah
it sounds like Futurama so we are
currently midnight carpet shopping yeah
that's what's which carpet should we get
everywhere let's just get this one I
like this one this one's too high that
one's cool it's like a weird oh that
one's cool I like that one we're giving
Walmart too much like publicity right
now 596 that's a low price it's
unbeatable even never mind she's been
playing with her iPhone way too much
she's been reading your your random
number at replies I'm coming I'm coming
how about 596 he just dropped my phone
for the first time I've been so good and
I haven't dropped it and guess who did
picture it's still working that's when I
went in the water
you'd be still working whatever you
picture he's big jerk in the alley jerk
why do you have a mixology in here
getting drunk I don't know I just saw it
look cool no hit the screen try to hit
the camera
those are two bottles of champagne
summer contest
oh yes this is what I'm doing it's gonna
go straight above it so like I was
saying like now that we're back home
we're able to play catch up on all the
emails and our replies we're watching
apparently Nitro Circus build this giant
ramp look at that that's the same clip
that's the exact same cliff that we
jumped off of and I was just telling
Ally I was like you know on TV it
doesn't seem that bad but once you're
really there I don't know if it's like
if you guys have seen the Nitro Circus
thing did it seem more intense when we
were jumping off or when they were
jumping off because off for the bike
Isis that's the same clip that was a
perfect job could you do that it's
Charles Charles Trippy with Marley's
over yonder fiance a highly you can
watch him on his channel avoid the
indecision has the internet killed
television
