though honey you feel better now oh that
is a pile of you delicious get your
favourite toy ready hold on hold on
ready got it using your head sit
seriously guys just give your dog and
empty one of these with the cap so it's
like full of air I swear they'll love it
well maybe they won't really so he does
get Zoey ready good you done get the
bottle good
Shh crazy get him buddy you're such a
little princess you want real toys now I
am okay oh no oh no since today's lazy
vlog day I'm just catching up on all the
advertised and emails and stuff like
that and somebody sent this from
yesterday's vlog would were coming
through the airport I'm basically saying
that we found Bigfoot and I was like
what and I just started laughing so I
just want to show you this really quick
up with the link in the sidebar if you
want to see it there but let me just
show you this ok I wash it it's actually
gonna find it what's his like I'm so
like I think I'm just tired but I find
that so funny how you doing badly not
gonna work she's trying to make me pull
her go there's hair on the lens she's
trying to pull the book cars apart I was
not to happen someone's gonna get hurt
like I'll help you ready oh oh
go I got it oh I got it Liam I love
master you don't even want it anymore
what a check I've said all that work for
nothing oh yeah so I just want to say
thank you guys for sticking with us this
book so he's calling me I'm gonna have
to put this vlog on pause okay so uh oh
that was mr. state to he says hi
everyone thank you guys for sticking
with us in the last couple months I
guess it's been really crazy spin back
and forth back and forth and I really
appreciate you guys be really patient
with the uploading of the vlogs but
today we should call the vlog sales log
is failed I don't know fuck the cut oh
yeah this one of those days we're just
kind of catching up on sleep and stuff
so what this is like my favorite thing
to do though if I ever get like stressed
out or overwhelmed I just you know go in
the car at night and do a nice little
night drive and I listen to really calm
music and it's like the most relaxing
thing ever I think that's one of the
things that can really always like relax
me like what I'm totally stressed out
it's just like night drive just gonna go
do a night drive I definitely have seen
that his health up because like when I
was younger I used to get stressed out
over the smallest things like a tests or
like you know exams and stuff in school
and I would just get so stressed out i
would give myself I would make myself
sick well somebody suggested to do um
just kind of like one this is my
favorite one to yell into a pillow you
ever done that like if you really
stressed out usual I just yellow two
fellas pretty good if you have any other
distressing methods share it in the
comments cuz we're all giant family core
you always help each other out we head
back to Tallahassee tomorrow which is
gonna be nice cuz we haven't really been
home since the beginning of July late
last couple weeks of last couple days of
June so to be kind of nice to be home
think I have to go to la again next
month but then it's my birthday if you
can come up with a better title than the
one that's up there now let me know in
the comments and I'll just switch it if
I find something that makes me LOL or
rof
that was lamb the vlog were you choose
the title dun-da-da-da oh guess what
else I got dried cranberries blueberries
strawberries and uh vista cherries full
and antioxidants what does it mean
that's like that you know like what
everyone is having the whole like
low-fat diet that never was having a
no-carb diet member the whole
pomegranate craze like everything now
has pomegranate it's pretty funny
although pomegranate does what am I
talking about tell you really talked
about now holograms scratch that whole
conversation I just had with myself so I
was this oh you look comfortable there
dog I'm so I was just watching tosh
point-o and they just had a commercial
believe it or not for avatar yes the
movie that came out a year ago um wait I
don't need to be in here I thought
something was mmm don't need it anyway
so oh ok so the movie came out last year
apparently it's coming back to theaters
with like eight or nine minutes of bonus
material the movies already like what to
enough hours it's like two and half
hours i think maybe two hours I don't
know what eight minutes is really gonna
do to the movies I just feel that avatar
is pulling a brett favre right now it's
like let's go back to theaters no it's
not you like that that was topical times
two I want to know what you guys think
do you think it's kind of lame that
avatar is coming back the theaters even
though it's on DVD actually why didn't
they just like release it was like the
extra bonus deleted scenes what
for you too
looking on
miss you
you
I wish baby
did
don't forget
a
