I am finally getting my license because
if I don't change my name I can't get on
that plane to Hawaii
you're a lunatic though right huh
you're gonna get two beers they can
think I don't remember silly Kane is
here
a worn a slam-dunk sensible first off
John say it's like walked or in our data
feeling second off it's not even close
to what work or is because it's freezing
and it got hot it doesn't smell so they
said okay see I'm excited first band I
want to go see if Phoenix TX because I
grew up listening to them and I just
there was like one of the first pop punk
bands I used to love as probably we
recognize some of the songs then maybe
tomorrow watch Andrew McMahon and the
wilderness which is kind of crazy that
both of them are like opening the shows
there's actually a bunch of bands that I
want to be on this accessible tour kind
of crazy to security way more than last
time but yeah I that's good needs me is
Memorial Day weekend and I'm sure you
guys have figured that one out Devon is
here yay and how we decided to serve
going out and going to the beach we're
gonna have a little picnic here but I
want you guys to see exactly what we're
having to eat and you can judge us if
you want fried chicken some barbecue
sauce sushi and we're drinking a little
champagne outside that's how we do
Memorial Day weekend here at my house
with the scalp tip the first do case you
gave us here that I met this is Nicole
she's the first one on the stage too so
I just wanted to put her in there as the
marker for the first one where we're
going to be playing the monster stage
can be moving every single day but
interesting setup it looks like though
our stage even is bigger than 100 the
end events
our stage is one of the biggest stages
which is really really nice to think
about so you guys are coming this is our
stage and I'm looking for the fireball
stage family watch Phoenix PA there's
like a metaphor somewhere in there
alright I was walking around just kind
of figuring out what the areas that I
found a few other people let's say hi
they're still polite and we found these
guys they won the contest band name you
know the trail they've been practicing
go check them out where can we check you
out money where can they find you iTunes
Wi-Fi all the main things better go go
google them where'd you call it facebook
facebook yeah guys it sounded so cool I
just wanna hear all you guys talk can
you all say hi subscribe that's way
cooler than in the space who are you
guys looking forward to see you know
I'll give it to you I'll give it to do
my little truck around slam dunk this is
Cameron George all right I want to show
you this Maggie's going back there we go
nice so who you guys looking forward to
see there we go there we got the right
answers today
I thought the Hoos were for real though
I'm freezing wrong really okay and I
didn't pay them oh my goodness we're
done with our fried chicken chicken oh
my gosh yeah so yes what you just
witnessed is very very very much real we
just had sushi and fried chicken out on
my lawn and it was divine and now what
we're going to do is put some sunscreen
on and we're just going to lay out a
little bit and kind of catch up and
relax and just take in what's around you
and just straight up - so that's what
we're gonna do we're going to choke
there's a mall attached this whole venue
I've already walked around the venue at
the time
go around me whatever you find in here
features anything else pretty much the
exact same thing
small them all so many people watch for
a couple of hours we're here for like 12
or 13 I want that everything's all
flipped kind of feels like I took the
video actually you know what feel more
comfortable I'm going to flip the back
Oh magic editing oh no reality it's
still like that something up here we're
just gonna take a trip right back okay I
just want to show you guys something
it's part of the Wi-Fi boy I love it I
found a couple other people Lauren
Michelle nice hat nice alley pops now we
actually designed that hat great yeah
nice shirt by shirt and a nice shirt I
think you're claiming what if you wear
the hats or cool don't say anything now
you have the internet watching they're
from Ireland that's all we have yeah
there we go
all these little tools oh he's Irish
today you have to come see we began
there we go I recorded yeah for calling
everyone here for calling
Oh removal the other one okay so it's a
two-parter okay so they want all the way
over here round one of walking consists
of these two girls fuck if your god come
on come on
course there's the awkward birds Marley
peeing on top of a bush why am filming
that and showing that to guys I have no
idea and now round two with this little
booger when I left earlier to take the
girls who looked at me like oh my god I
can't believe you're leaving me right
now I really think he thought his girls
like handing the bus doesn't have Wi-Fi
unfortunately so it's been kind of hard
to find Wi-Fi and my phone's not
tethering so I have to find Wi-Fi
wherever I go because until my tattoo
says generate a signal which one day I
promise it will I don't know how I don't
know how I'll figure it out but I will
generate some Wi-Fi out of my arm so I
gotta go find some Wi-Fi upload this how
many times I just say Wi-Fi got to get
ready for the show because we play a
couple hours which I'm really excited
for Danny's got the spot now I just told
him that you need to go straight against
the wall and that's the place to go oh
the things you have to do when you do
daily videos in another country worth it
though you're worth it British Airways
still has lost my faith and we had no
idea where it is so Christian from whew
you let me use his face I'm just warming
up right now for free how cool good it's
62 degrees right here in Birmingham just
kind of warming up in Colin all right
Colin zoo this friggin mind is sexy but
we'll find my base soon one of these
days my favorite ones fancy dream one a
little bad all right I just have to be
very quiet but they wanted behind quiet
gee I love doing that I love going side
stage after show I couldn't do that a
whooped or anymore because it's the
changeover so fast they kept yelling at
me for doing that but since the change
over takes a while here on the slam dunk
fest I'm able to go side stage and say
hi but the thing is this kind of secret
that's why told everyone at Shh every
was so freaky night we had some
technical difficulty say but you know
let the show
there's always technical difficulties
but at the same time there was still a
lot of fun out of last I we do here
everyone knows that afar you write for
it Alecto Nando give one sandwich and
this is what happened hold it for your
handout they like Chipotle for one
burrito yeah everyone burrito someone
wrap or sandwich no that's that's okay
that's what's fine one item to item
three item now you went grocery shopping
look they were supposed to give me one
sandwich you got a bunch of fries down
to yet I got example you're hungry
hundred dollars I wanted to make
somebody's day today this is the ice
cream wait come on Jim pros an ice cream
let me do good you know I think is
takeaway I pleased add our liquid milky
thing another milky thing the coleslaw
by me or is the ice cream fuck holes la
coleslaw okay thank God do it in a way
cool ice frozen order literally any way
I wanted to make your day thank man so
all this
sick fuck I take your hand oh my not
which ones you I don't think that's the
crazy part they didn't give me mine
there's somebody there's a family of six
open it right now with one sandwich like
I win it like today you want anything
unless you really alright grab it go for
but which one joins decides to give me
my eyes are all the same yeah it sure
you cried turn it up a few people here
yeah by the way yesterday said
Birmingham Birmingham I am so sorry
Thank You Birmingham actually it's not
really America my house firming firming
Birmingham
Irving the vengeance just and firming
firming Thank You berming mum alright
alright firming town I'm gonna read my
free sandwiches with my buddy
I meant to show you guys this when I
first got here but look how graphic that
is it just cracked me up and I just kept
forgetting to show you oh and then
there's this sign no one is doing that
though fellas there's an after party or
create after party so Nate Casey and I
are going to go try to venture off you
got these fake shit the title of your
guitar pick so I don't know where my
talents
they're there it's a currency it's legal
here - yeah it's legal here because they
don't have the parachute is only Midland
- holy Midlands yeah I got pondered on
is only laughs no I look to do this for
different good show but we have to pause
all the war were drinking everyone's
drinks for the entire weekend which
could be a which could be problematic
can I get a soda please
oh they were ones from my c-section
really there's enough monsters here we
could just take whatever yeah
as I can half the party concentrated
flavor
this walkway lipstick goes
party over there
Oh day
okay
not a bad up their mud Wesley
all right guys ending the vlog the same
way we started it they want a slam dunk
fest was so fun got to meet so many of
you guys I can't wait for tomorrow we're
leave tomorrow I said that one correct I
know it's not as hard as Berman until I
screw that up
berming them as I always said I remember
this is one I always screw it up every
single time we came here anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video I'm gonna
go call Ally actually I can't right
there that mall that's where I've been
going every single clip uploading to
Ally mr. long vehicle over here doesn't
have Wi-Fi this tour we kind of screwed
up on that one
so we've been scrambling try to find
Wi-Fi wherever Ken this is the hardest
tour I feel like finding Wi-Fi but
luckily giant freaking mall so I got to
go do that now it's about 1:30 bus
leaves at 3:00 so hopefully it gets done
by then please click like for the fact
that I have to go there to make sure
this video goes online I'm gonna go call
Ally because that's the only time I get
to actually call her I will see you guys
tomorrow Zoe can I get
you
