that's a cool little dress Ali's in a
favorite store the Betty Page store
these are actually really cool dresses I
like all like girly things Bettie Page
stuff is actually really cool
that's cool you're just as cool too what
do you guys think it's a cute dress it's
cute I'll get a little pink thing
that's a cute what does the internet
sing you're addicted to Betty Page dress
which one this one or the other one I
kind of like that one though although
you're gonna have a lot of Zoey hair on
that what we're doing Wolfgang always
looking at oh you guys gotta check out
his movie when to come out actually oh
you have a shoot date that's right he's
in a movie with a couple of guys which
guy from Twilight
Tiwa born yes M recall yes you gotta go
check his IMDB thunder that you guys
should all hit it up so it mixes like
IMDB go super high and then he becomes
the next little Tom Hanks till you know
is the cool guy we don't know if Brad
Pitt might be a total douche but if
you're watching douche if you want to be
in our video that'd be totally cool what
do you think out you just wanted to do
that then you wait what is oh man that's
weird
he's like addicted to this story you're
freaking out
you come here often
this one's got a little boo-boo wait
she's a ginger she doesn't have a soul
hole now she's so like this making her
undressing
sorry it's ringing again it's gonna rain
so it's our last little trip down the
strip
for Vegas did you have a good birthday I
just cannot believe all you guys who
came out here so first I want to say
thank you to rogue pitchers and the hard
rock for hooking us up for Ali's
birthday you know so cool and Tony V and
sama for basically organizing everything
Tony V is like the master planner or you
can call them Anthony Rodriguez from now
on get some cheap souvenirs the Ferrari
in a flavour so awesome and then you
take it out on this street and crash it
solar-powered keychain you know what's
really funny about those things they
never have my name ever they always have
like everybody else's name except
there's like the Simpsons words like the
board instead of Bart what your name
yeah they probably won't have his
ha ha ha I cannot wait to go back to
Florida into the humidity I never
thought I would actually say that
checking the I was checking the weather
and it literally said zero percent
humidity Oh No thank you
zero percent knew it no humidity and
then I take Florida and it was like 80
percent I can that we're gonna be like
slimming when we get back it's gonna be
amazing it's gonna be amazing
so funny Tiger but of course it's gonna
be the best buy of course Ali's really
the best but I'll be a pair of zebra bud
but what did you all do a sitting
sorry
the figures big Mafra right there
Sexy's you ever seen this in the daytime
everybody does they endings of Ocean's
eleven I feel like we should like walk
away one by one it's like it's like when
we came back from Jamaica I wanted to
see Cool Runnings now I want to see all
the oceans movies
so I think this is where the oceans
movie okay you might know was this where
it was shot OSHA's movies
oh wait
Shorty's running fire burning on the
dance floor
so when did this come on this is like
you read a mouse Nimoy's it's so cool
that your confused face
okay so the guy behind Ali in the
security goes in front of you he's tried
to go through security with
it's one of those moments where it's
just like okay wanna gamble one last
time
are you game we gambled out here's the
fun thing go here's the fun thing guys
feel like we didn't lose any money
actually ally actually yeah it wasn't
yours to begin with so she started with
100 and then she gained 330 and then you
lost it all because you couldn't walk
away
what is your fault right okay with Shay
Shay Shay Oh Lindsey Lindsey feeling
shake anyway blame the people so oh look
at that things get the blue screen of
death came out on top with a hundred
dollars and you got a dress with your
winnings yes blue screen of death at the
airport fail pretty cool camera right
you don't see it
actually to be honest with you never
seen a camo camera before have you it's
a camera camera still on play going to
Atlanta
okay so this is yeah that's my stand
that's a fish
emergency repair a new batch and they
fixed it when it's stuck wait I just
heard it sort of Sunny in Philadelphia
so we just time-travel plus three hours
into the future and everyone is talking
in Southern drawl and drinking sweet tea
I'll report back tomorrow it's cha cha
trippy with my little Weir's County Olli
the illustration is the internet killed
television
