so it's a lazy day oh don't get up don't
get up look professional and cute I you
tired
everyone's been so lazy lazy day Hey
she doing hi hey Marley where's he go
where to go what's yeah where's lolly
yeah what a good trick
Marseille stay well I was quick is it
raining see I can't get you you're gonna
do this there is a better right it's so
funny little dogs and raincoats for the
wind
okay I'm gonna dunk this camera today
right now today is August 11th 2010 when
you're watching this is by August 12th
are longer but anyway the point of this
guess what today is
today is my 3 year Twitter stay is that
even a word - a birthday my twitter
birthday I've been on Twitter for 3
years
August 11 2007 I started my Twitter
thankful on my Twitter stay the first
wit day she wished she called her
birthday I like to a birthday tweet
birthday tweet Britt not put birthday
sounds good good if you say burst it
sounds cooler
so for Mike to a birthday um I only want
one thing I want you guys if you're not
following out what's all of you guys to
follow me on Twitter if you don't have a
Twitter make a Twitter just just make
one just totally make when that lady
made one she did she's following me now
it's true I just made it so so if you
don't have a Twitter just go make one
and then follow me twitter.com slash
Charles Trippy and then at reply me and
tell me that you did and then um you do
have a Twitter and you're not following
me now I'm going to find you I'm going
to find you now I'm just kidding
the reasoning why I want you guys to
follow me is because I'm gonna do
another contest with roboy pillows you
know the guys who do the
subscribe-button pillows and the
dailybooth
pillows and the iTunes and stuff anyway
they're giving us a bunch of the
subscribe-button pillows so if you're
following me on twitter you'll know what
we're gonna do for that otherwise you
might miss it I might look at Santo
canes so we're gonna do something fun
for those it's gonna definitely involve
Twitter so you might want to make sure
you're following Ali and myself if you
don't have a Twitter just make one so
you can be involved in this contest and
follow us if you have any ideas on how
we should conduct this contest if you
should do it like we did with the Sanyo
ones let me know in the comments and
we'll do that that is kind of weird
though because I can remember when I
signed up for Twitter like three years
ago and it was not as big as it is now
that's crazy Oh Ashton Kutcher oh my
gosh there's one of these things I have
to okay I'm gonna go get Ally we're
gonna go I've always wanted to do a race
in front of those things ever since I
saw in at the office where they run in
front of it to see how fast they run I
want it I'm gonna go get a screw screw
getting deodorant for our trip to Vegas
I'm gonna go run in front of a speed
meter here's the fun fact that you guys
actually know the CTFxC won the very
first Twitter award ok the Shorty Awards
for comedy I think was a though 9 yeah I
think it was 800 809 CTFxC is taking
over the world little by little like I
said we're going to space next year
where's it go so I went home to go get
Ali and we're gonna turn this into a
mini remember those it's time
nice cough but we're gonna do another
quickie for the Charles Trippy show I
haven't done a quickie insist the Fred
water video and that wasn't even a
quickie so we're gonna do a quickie and
it involves a sports bra and
cheerleading shorts oh yeah I opted to
change my shirt because Justin had hey
Twilight girls shirt so I thought that
would be better
and then I'm showing off my sexy white
legs and I got a nice little headband
I don't know how stupid this is gonna be
but I'm hoping it's gonna be incredibly
stupid and nobody finds this funny
basically an excuse because I've always
wanted to run in front of one of these
things I almost made a team Allis
t-shirt though I almost made a team a
less t-shirt but for this I'm gonna
probably put it up on the toaster view
channel Tuesday when we get back to
Vegas but I'll try to film as much
behind it it's only gonna probably 30
seconds long so it's fine not much to
film here and then we're gonna go to
dinner for Ali's birthday since she
won't be here I hope that thing is still
here is it still here
see it feel far faster driving yeah so
it is it is working we'll see if it
picks me up after his white one we get
stoked I'm literally doing this because
of all the gnats how's my head pain
that's good come on car hurry up
car get a big smile on his face
all right ready okay so this video is
officially taking an hour and a half I'm
getting the last shot right now um sadly
these things don't pick up when you run
I didn't know that so I have to use my
car to get it down to one miles an hour
so I have to use my car to get it down
to one mile an hour for the last shot
and Ali's way down there okay so I got I
got focused people I got a focus see the
problem is when you're trying to get it
down to one mile an hour cars go by and
brought to bring it back in speed this
is a thirty five and people are going
forty five even with us here try this
again I'm down to five we're gonna get
it slower
looks like I can't get it down to 1/5 is
the limit I guess there is no really one
mile per hour we're supposed to be at
dinner at 8:00 hey can I get your number
good directing honey you gotta tell Ali
she did a good job once this video is up
she directed and filmed it now that's
perfect timing
look at that rainfall just as we just as
we've wrapped that's what that's what
you say in the YouTube industry you wrap
a chute and the YouTube industry does
that make us seem professional I would
do let me see your ankle the day before
Vegas she goes and does that yeah Ali
actually fell down she put it on Twitter
and everyone got that
she fell that was actually on you guys
um she put it on Twitter and everyone
thought that we won the Teen Choice
Award because she thought they liked she
fell as she was going to accept the
award there's a bit of confusion
Alys literally celebrated her birthday
five times so we are currently packing
again I know and I totally want to go to
bed I'm Marley I'm right there with your
dog
I seriously here I'm gonna kind of sleep
next to you I just like lay down right
here my favorite shot so far hey Marty
sup dude I will so yes today is short
vlog is short you guys can say that in
the comments it's okay short vlog is
short next four days it's gonna be
pretty crazy so I'm gonna finish packing
by packing at me I'm gonna fall asleep
and then back in the morning cuz my face
waste um so yeah I'm gonna go to bed
we'll see you guys in Vegas Valley
