the complete first thing was massive it
was shoes freaking plane headed up in
customs and not comin through my life
prep the holding cell right now don't
know what we did but apparently all
three of us did it I just waited in line
for 30 or 40 minutes and trad Texas me
keep closing so it's amazing how he did
Alex Janney just tell the story
alright so trench walks past and
everybody really what he needed to make
me strive to meet up with you maybe that
God goes in save his power but we didn't
see you low in fat for a second yes we
didn't see you he just walked into the
fast-track line that's like beauteous it
evading ships and all the paperwork and
he goes can here's my B 10 she goes
silly go in this line points of a
special assistance on it's like 10
people long like she should have told me
to go to the back it was estimated that
the best part is like you text me and
I've been waiting in line for 30 40
minutes I look over there like for away
from the border
it could get really the funny thing is
though they got held up I got held up
but I still went through first
technically I won but I mean the real
winners are the ones that waited five
minutes versus tricking 40 minutes I
guess these everything came though
boss traveling Danny but I picked up
Nate by the way they lost my face yeah
that's what I'm dealing with right now
and that's our bus and we're not allowed
to leave this area so close and yet so
far away
new K buses are always very unique so
let's see about this one already pretty
interesting it's like oh we got about
that almost all them guys remember last
time I'll scroll down the stairs okay
when I hit that top bunk because I
forgot the middle ones are always like
coffins it wisely what do you suggest
just talk to lucky point you middle ah
we we cheated a little bit over here
we as muggy with the best vocal and he
says bottom little kind of be able to be
fluent with ours is that a gigantic
shelf where your feet are just like I
could set up oh wow a desk to that all
right Laurie up here I was when I want
to okay check it out first
I can do the middle it's cool a little
bit different
hey the back looks like a friggin song
straight back mr. Nate it's like a
frickin limo back here oh you got an
emoji back here and everything so begins
the age-old when you're touring in
Europe trying to find Wi-Fi to upload
over to Ally
so I've gone from every little stool
right here and this is the only one that
I can actually get it uploaded before
the tour bus which is over there which I
told bogies our bus driver you'll
probably need a little a couple videos
he's awesome so funny please do not
leaving I have no idea where of that so
I made sure to let him know but a blog
is uploading hopefully to Ally
yesterday if you didn't see me yesterday
it didn't go up online right now I'm
trying to figure out is all dirty
carrying right now I'm trying to figure
out which is the best way and this Alex
allow you've been privileged that on my
phone and copy my log for Jim right now
I'm just kind of looking between two
Clips one compressed and ones not
compressed and I honestly can't even
tell I kind of forgot which was which
they look almost identical can you guys
tell the difference the doodads can't
tell that all that matters
I honestly don't know which one's the
compressor on and which one's the bigger
one another nerd in the area wat bought
okay I said is the text right I didn't I
inadvertently
made a Wi-Fi boy weakling of stickers
and the sticker pack in the app there's
like an okay thing and then there's a
Wi-Fi logo
yeah of the free app well here you go
this is what I was talking about and the
sticker pack is this and then there's
the Wi-Fi so the Wi-Fi boy it was kind
of fun coming back on the tour bus
because these are kinds of things I have
always wanted to see liar is always
dreaming about being on a tour bus
especially since um my first towards
ever work in a dusting band this is
coming in fifteen years ago or something
like that we did walk tour on old man
in a band it was just a big giant white
man dusting so kinda nice to be in one
of these now
those moments Ria's have kind stop go by
yourself and just think just be like and
appreciate where you are in life
and because it's like honestly it's kind
of so hard to I realized if anything is
back there it's very distracting while
I'm trying to talk about something
distracts me too you know like it's so
easy to kind of get caught up in
everything you know to YouTube that kind
of happens with me too you kind of
forget what you're doing and how cool it
is and I don't want that you take for
granted but you kind of don't fully
appreciate things until you take a
second to yourself and just kind of take
everything in because if you're smooth
move move and then you stop one day like
oh my god I missed the entire moment I'm
still like so freaking fast and once
they're past you missed that moment and
you can just think about it but you're
not living in the moment I hope that
makes a sense I don't know I was just
kind of thinking about while the video
is uploading I was just kind of looking
around and I was like thinking about
like how like you know I was worried
about getting the video of mine and I
kind of was missing the whole grand
enough where I can station to a mental
is missing much right now but in general
like when I'm always constantly trying
to get things uploaded I can find myself
missing out a little bit cuz I think I
don't know it kind of sums that so what
I'm trying to say is I try like
especially lately I try to like take
more time and appreciate everything
that's going around appreciate you guys
especially now that we're on the other
side of the world and I get to meet a
whole new group of specific fears I
think it's awesome
oh my god I'm rambling I need to go
outside appreciate this trust up
as the fattest pigeon I've ever seen my
life he gets fed a lot probably just
went up to the room to upload some stuff
I gotta show you this room it's so
stereotypical England I love it
and one of the doors just so nice versus
like the American hotels was just so
well there's even that crown molding
I've never seen a hotel with crown
molding cool I like that in real wood
frames I think that sucks right now
there's no air conditioning I can't find
it
that's the only thing that really helped
with that came over the windows how much
kind of physical hot here good thing I'm
not saying here it is vanilla wafer for
age
don't bet that no mae-mae ladies
actually no this is yours right yeah
that's it good yeah no one sure sure
I'll get you but in the door hey night
decided to dress alike today no go flip
I'm like he's got the best of screen you
got the fourth I'm emo green and then
Casey and I are always black I always I
can't dress my yeah world less than I do
since you have all black I love the
world well that make sense oh you
actually work really well with this
parking lot we lay down the plywood
there you go
this is always the dangerous part
cards on the up side of the road there
you go Nate
walking I saw this I thought it was
pretty funny no I'm binary bro I'm going
to get a video now but I gotta find a
can for my transfer there's no way
transmitted
that's taking
come to the UK not kidding and
though got a tribe's you look to your
left if everything in the world
people which one is that
do you know the name is that Kevin
that's no isn't Kevin the skinny one
that might be Dave sup Dave I've gotten
over here they have a lot of like rules
I need to get you guys can't see it I'm
using a super glue for this little thing
so I wouldn't learn Hawaii the wind
doesn't spit up still have to get three
pounds on tried something different
oh do this it sounds critical and play
the game fine Charles
where's Charles I forgot about how small
everything compact everything is like we
the list or the elevators like I gotta
show you something else oh ah but once
it's open little small the skintone I
made them at all hey diesel and you
sound like a robot
there you are you look like you're unde
aisle up right now yeah I'm clear must
be the upload then cuz you look like
you're on dial-up I just need to put
some bike that the architecture here is
so funny I'm saying like this over here
this casino kind of reminds me of
something at Disney World where they
just say Klee make something that are
like a gingerbread house I'm tight like
a little crazy but doesn't it kind of
look like that just showing that winter
of those creepies well is that movie
Bates Motel would somebody like it
doesn't beep know it's a big hotel where
the spoiler alert where the grandma is
like a skeleton and they put her in like
a out what am I talking about this is
this shut up right now it's been a long
day when traveling so pretty much I have
no idea where I'm at or who I am what
time it is biggest as you saw a talk to
Allie it's like 3:00 or 4:00 in the
afternoon sorry
and she's going kayaking and our days
kind of ending
there you go trash you need a light
applause now those exist donate I told
you I give me at the end of the day cool
cool cool
so Pocahontas soul man is your main look
like this is our entire night like y'all
are hanging out wrong charge you need to
edit all this we will try to find a like
dive bar here in Birmingham it's the
first time I've gone out to a bar while
on tour and probably you guys far go
Travis go Travis go I hope you think I'm
going to pick up chicks took it okay you
gotta impress people
I'm not so cool looking for one they
need to have it on the road for like a
merry like probably like this all right
well we found our dive bar that's all we
can find
let's get ready for our English guy boss
here to the culture of the pub we go
across the world to do this this is why
we have to go here try with good sir get
our asses kicked if we go anywhere else
you guys are on the kiss cam right now
didier dunk you've been craving one of
those all day yeah he gave in its chalky
wish just right here in the straw are
you gonna drink it all guys I did it he
did it I did it I will give you the
credit his deals a bit of pressure
that's our home I did it though cells in
order to drink get a fit in you are at a
good hour and a half how do you feel
okay I feel like I just has so Long
Island right now but that was one and
like I'm not indicating at least an hour
it was like blood flowing on and over
now at least in our house right now I
got to go edit instead of the few clips
Ali don't let me forget if ever get yeah
I got to forget if I forget
Duncan fault I'm trying to do it don't
get a computer for me that it's for me
and I promise ya graft is the only way
to do that first day of the UK tour is
pretty freakin awesome
tried my first Long Island and probably
because remember were you so let's go
and a kid to four ones all the time
somebody go edit right now upload the
stuffs and say good night to Ally or
good afternoon Ally because the whole
stuff I just realized that when we go to
Hawaii it's gonna be like almost the
same thing it's Australia for me like 11
hour difference which is insane to me
just think of all the time warps right
now it's going to totally mess me up I'm
still not kind of adjusted so I feel
like not tired at all but I hope I don't
sleep on the excursion that creates a
kind of fun good to be back out here I
hope you guys are going to enjoy all
these UK vlogs and slash Hawaii vlogs
and that's two days hi beautiful
have a good afternoon it's actually nice
oh my gosh
any time I love you I love you too one
in the video for me ally and I just
wanted to say good night
don't forget to subscribe and click like
and we'll see you guys tomorrow it's bye
guys
you
