so we're about to leave and look they're
not even getting up to say bye I bunch
of lazy dogs look freaking comfortable
though don't they be good Zoe big-eyed
Lamar I'm on a trail
the road back the other way
attention ally you're not supposed to do
that get a bud longer survive this was
longer
put some questions
tsa representative expect petrus go to
your radio because that guy's got a tiny
bag she's a million carry ons is a tiny
bag it's our tradition we have to watch
futurama
playing number two we almost missed this
one never get to touch the plane
yummy breakfast
that thing's going fast with that we are
another plane won't get out of our way
the overplaying the quick brown fox
jumped over the whatever it is
I don't know lame sweet are still stuck
here Shane apparently like I think
shaver has like looped around LAX right
now like six times
alright keep an eye out for Shay keep an
eye out for Shay
wait for a chance leave in five my
favorite news my favorite Newton sham
it's my favorite new chairman he's back
with a vengeance my jam and he hates
everybody still but he's sober this time
hello he'll good old venice boardwalk hi
hi you blogging i'm vlogging hey I'm
gonna doing a lazy vlog in here yeah
that's true lazy one where I'm just like
hey look at that I call hey I'm gonna
make right now when me and Charles are
hanging out together we only have to
make one video between the two yeah we
uploaded both on our channel to your
video you get counts and could be part
of the vlog 82 so all three of us done
for the day the one clip our time was
short lived now it's tough to say CTFxC
is for the friend core Shaytards says
hallelujah goodbye Adam lessons since I
feel generally forgets what time it is
oh my god texting oh my god texting slow
poke
so we are going to try stand-up
paddleboarding baby all right just watch
everyone fall oh this way how many times
you think we're gonna fall on our butts
all right wait I can't do this with a 10
no but a crash it with a crush you I
know but I have to have to record i have
i have to be dedicated still I can't put
the camera so Alan Lindsey are gonna try
to do the stand-up paddle boarding and
we're just like yeah we're to the kayak
we're so totally safe I think they're
both will fall to st. I think they're
gonna take each other out I'm just gonna
let you go cuz you need to go you got it
got it out Oh as bad as it sounds it as
much as I love you it'd be pretty
hilarious if you did fall you guys are
do it really good though how we gonna go
back this way just watch out for that
dock hey lady seagull what's up mine
mine mine yeah watch we're talking all
this crap if we're gonna be the ones
that fall the proof like first hey
you're in my territory let's tip in the
tip and grounds right there I don't even
know how that happened he would happen
great yeah come up that was so slow i
wish i coulda helped you
oh yes after Phil fell in you talked to
the guy apparently um I was your
instructor our lack of our lack of
instructor do this properly secure Phil
so basically a little weight came and
just knocked him off he just knocked
about slovo is awesome though it was
like one of those things I wanted to
reach out the Ord help you but I knew
you were gonna bring me down too it's
one of those things that will forever be
slow mo in my head like what I could
have done to help you and I feel like an
ass I didn't go down with you I'll just
chill here come on that birds beating
you actually doing really well how are
you dude really good Ally it's a double
rainbow with airplanes hello seal there
just yet just no big deal just seals
hanging out its gonna be like jaws
they're just gonna knock us all off
there is that's so cool Oh
oh dude it did it hit like right there
can we cross this bullet gotta let inlet
I don't know this little doggie hang
before these boats destroy us both sorry
feel he didn't fall yeah baby actually
even fall didn't fall in all fairness it
was unfair because the guy didn't strap
fill in wait that sounds bad it is
strapped Phil's Eden so an old fairness
in all fairness we should go push that
guy in put your hand out give me a hand
no no no I'm doing this first
what's supposed to do
that's just really cold yeah
it's kai a very tired so we're just
waiting on Justine cuz obviously she's
not not here she's totally late and we
have to give her a hard time for tolling
Jack not on time look at that we're
totally punctual look at six-thirty look
at this oh we're late too we're always
those late people this is what it's like
when you go to dinner with youtubers
everyone's on their phone no see were
struck we're actually trying to figure
out what's gonna happen on the Teen
Choice cuz
we're very prepared as we're finding out
their day before yeah we don't even have
what we need we're doing that now creepy
I gonna be JD's ally really wants meet
Bieber
oh yeah I have no idea
I have no idea
I feel like I'm too old here he has a
long-standing tradition he's the oldest
customer at chaya and he has a
long-standing tradition that he does
shots of people
he thought some random guy they don't
worry my toast is fucking cool
really
happy birthday to you
my dear awesome
oh wow that is that is
get a token get one candle to blow out
earlier one they couldn't this this
restaurant thing do 21
here
joseph came out of left field on that
one we were ready alright so we actually
can't tell the White House terrible
should we get the pink color pink
stretch hummer can I can I cares about
the environment hood can I
so that's true i will have three very
pretty girls and maybe Shane Dawson oh
that's true true and a pink hunter so
we're waiting on our little cabbie guy
it's one thing about traveling is I hate
taking cabs it's always the most
stressful thing because I can never
seems like every cab driver in the world
has a phone from 1993 so the voice
quality is terrible and I think they all
told produce so it's like what do you
want to go to come and gone for
homeowners always talk with our hand
other mouth closed mr. elevator I'm
tired oh I wish it were like selling
possessed lands on you all right so
we're gonna go yeah guy was so nice the
cab guy was so douchey and I never
talked I was so nice bounced out so
we're at our hotel i'm going to edit the
vlog oh damn holiday allie is seriously
losing it I would have edit the vlog go
to bed we're gonna wake up early hey
guess what they got yes Justine and Ally
want a pink limo so we are you're
getting a pink Hummer yeah so I don't
know if actually it's a Hummer but
plywood for the room that way that way
this way you guys excited the red carpet
the CTFxC is gonna be on the red card
actually it might be green let me the
green carpet but still all right tell me
in the comments do you want me to try to
find and I will try to talk to them okay
here we are alright I'm going back
tonight it's Charles Charles Trippy with
Molly's always gone see ally you gotta
channel put the other sister goes the
internet killed television
