all right we're at the AT&T store you're
going to the dark side getting an iphone
there's something there what's there hey
Marley now you have to go through the
back of wash your clothes off oh my god
if she finds a mole I'm gonna freak out
I want to see that new TV show was on
discovery channel there please get away
there's like a new TV show I think I
discover it's called terriers so I I
definitely need the teef of that Zoe
girl Marley hey kiddos oi the exotic
date where is the exact where is it you
go to China dip dig good girl dig dig
mark dig dig go all right have fun
burying that back up dig it finally hit
me dirty are you protecting daddy while
he's in the shower if that was happening
what's happening here Justin's moving
out oh hey moving yep it's ridiculous up
my was going on in the bed she doesn't
have a bet to go on anymore by Miley I'm
not sure myself so like that I'm very
sick today can I get better help me get
better huh want some dog beer yeah
what's the dog food let's try this
apparently it's beef flavored there's no
alcohol or carbonation in there's no
word but yes dog beardy you I guess from
Holly from holiday you guys ever age
right how old are you in dog years
you're old and how are you you're at
least through 21 actually your three now
so you're loud mmm oh that smells awful
it smells like beef liquid beef okay you
guys ready looks like beer alright going
on set can you beat her as you can chug
quicker oh no cheating you're cheating
you're cheating all right is that okay
all right who do you thinks gonna chug
quicker Marley or Zoe leaving in the
comments are you ready so what you're
doing okay ready stop now no you George
you're a cheater you might win just cuz
your cheek honey that's the bottle ready
go goes I go goes I go cuz there we go
physical win use a chugging dog beer
that's so funny oh I don't know is
though you might want to hurry Zoe come
on yeah go quicker Marley's kicking your
butt oh it looks like Marley one and the
winner Marley and so he's still nursing
her beer over there come on Zoe you
gotta finish gotta finish almost there
where are the you little alcoholic look
at you you're such an alcoholic good job
Zoe and varley's Marley's hammered Zoe
you hammered yeah
it's cleaning up the floor now too okay
you guys is it really that all right
party foul look at their one more so
yeah that's what this actually just
called dog beard and you can get a dog
beardy you I don't know what do you guys
actually sent it to us apparently they
like it though look at Zoe she's look at
she's got crazy eyes you got drunk eyes
are you they're nuts like honestly just
when you think you've seen everything
they invent dog beer I don't know that's
probably like the weirdest thing i've
ever seen for dogs at least you're gonna
have fun with the Holly's parents and
Justin huh I feel really bad if i had to
put him in a kennel well you know with
the amount of times that we have to like
travel but luckily we don't have to do
that I actually I think I think Marley
would probably revolt she here's a funny
story when Marley was little I I used to
cater because you know what why would
you gauge murali she's a perfectly
innocent dog no she used to destroy
everything right and so what I usually
do is I leave like a blanket you know
her toys she pushed one of the blankets
under the bar then pulled it through the
other end with her teeth and kept doing
that and basically wrapping around and
then what she did I'm not kidding I
swear there's actually footage oh there
was footage before my computer crash but
then what she would do is she would pull
on that that that towel or blanket and
she managed to pull the the crate so
hard that the crate collapsed and she
basically became Houdini that's why I
call her Houdini sometimes cuz she gets
out of the craziest things but she
literally broke out of a metal cage by
wrapping a blanket around the bars and
the right the right hinges and yanking
what did you do Zoe I don't know just
ate through an entire wall she actually
ate through drywall and in an apartment
that I didn't own there you go okay
alright bitch is the deal no rolling in
poop no rolling in feces which is the
same thing which is a different word and
no rolling in dead animals and no
rolling in
anything else that's disgusting like our
dogs don't like to interact with her dog
seriously hanging out with each other
that's all idea they just sniff around
hang out with each other another dog
look on village who's this guy yes it's
so judgmental I'm just going through my
emails right now and a person named
Anala naila or something like that she
gave me a challenge to say the word
Irish wristwatch five times did we do
this I feel like we did this one I don't
know what's right Irish you really can't
do it was Irish Irish I think we did
this what I think I failed epically cuz
it feels feels very familiar Irish
wristwatch Irish Irish miss Irish
wristwatch Irish reversed I can't do it
once again do it again we're trying to
use a potato gun or a as Justin likes to
think it's an apple gun it's a potato
two potato gun to shoot a strawberry the
inner fruit of this time in Oz was a
work you just like do this no do squeeze
it though you screw zippers no maybe not
okay did shoot out oh do I break it out
first break it break it break it okay
I'll shoot no it's pulled shoot no ya go
like I slowly and shoot did she break so
apparently you can jailbreak the iphone
4 pretty easily i guess if you go to I'm
not recommend doing this cut don't even
think I'm gonna do it but if you go to
jailbreakme.com look I'll show you what
looks like it's a web it's a like a web
do what I need to commandeer the camera
for one second why look at how this dog
sitting I haven't done it though see I
guess you just do this and slide it and
it does it without even connecting it to
the computer I don't know what do you
guys think are you guys jailbreaking if
you have an iphone four you get a
jailbreak your iphone 4 because to be
honest like it has multitasking you
could change the background and do all
that kind of stuff
I don't know if I'm going to actually do
it remember kids you didn't get it from
me you got it from Phil guess what game
I'm playing screen not everyone this man
is still alive how was that possible
it's not
so what's up finally says I got my dress
dry-cleaned and I gave it boobies see I
gave it blue base with my pants it's
like with cardboard movies to keep it
all nice and pretty I tried glad the cat
door yo crei are you doing up there so
we leave tomorrow around six and we
gotta get a couple things so we have to
brave walmart ten o'clock at night
Walmart scary at night yeah through the
store you can't hold me right what
happens if you bounce into something
alli can i get one of these I'll never
have to leave the computer it's just a
portable yer no that's so cool and you
can put out your cane the crap you can
just turn your computer chair into that
that'd be amazing would never leave
walmart scares me at night ah-ha I need
to pack packing yes that is plenty of
shampoo gosh whatever so Ali he's been
fighting Michael she needs to go to bed
though what dress you're gonna wear how
she's gonna wear this dress oh I can't
show just forget that actually the show
I wanted before oh my god it wouldnt for
ha you mean you did buy a million-dollar
dress for the Teen Choice Awards I don't
have Christian do you are designing Shh
oh I think Zoey Marley are still nice I
think Zoey Marley are still wasted from
their little things up see you guys
tomorrow oh good night it's chance
chance trippy
with Molly's always gone see Ali you can
watch
the season is beginning I kill
television
