today's get a sick yep since we met home
I think I'm going on late June so I
think about a month month and a half by
the time we get home after Vegas I'm
gonna go home now to make check on our
fish and you know pay the rent and all
that other fun stuff so that means i
have to drive on five hours five and a
half hours to Tallahassee than five
hours back the same day because then we
fly out in a day for Teen Choice so to
be busy so please keep me entertained
camera so I don't go crazy on this trip
yay so well the sky looks also but you
see that guy up there then the crane
apparently what he's doing is he's gonna
live up there that crane until like he
gets a thousand backpacks I'm donated
yeah I think a thousand or something
like that but like a cool sky is also
driving in the car are you freaking
bored now what am I gonna do on the road
I'm gonna sing sing sing sing sing to
you and annoy everyone on the intertubes
okay I'm kind of freaking out oh my god
you guys my computer is doing stuff I
self or else is using like a program for
his iphone to control the computer but
it freaks me out when he does it because
I never know when he's gonna do it and
my computer is just doing things on its
own now this is a really good way to
like prank someone if they don't know
about like scream cheering or like
remote management it would be really
funny to like scare the crap out of
someone by just changing things on a
computer while they were on it did you
realize that I was doing so to the
annotation did you see that I was
writing stuff in the annotations while
you were doing it
well honey no no PB you're not coming
with me I have to go to the post office
tionship a couple orders out Charles
actually drove all the way back to
Tallahassee today I've been kind of sick
and I don't feel well this one is being
stubborn ass as usual my league OPP
honey yeah what can we talk about what
can we talk about oh ok so for those who
don't know what the website dailybooth
is if you've been living under an
internet rock or an internet router it's
a basically another addictive website
kind of like Twitter but you upload
photos but they finally released an
iphone app so um if you aren't on
dailybooth i did not following ally or
myself the links are in the sub are you
should totally follow us cuz I'm
seriously addicted again plus you should
make you know dailybooth account because
you don't want somebody to take your
username specially if the psych is
really really huge like Twitter here's
something really funny about dailybooth
if you're on dailybooth you're gonna
probably notice this should dailybooth
like basically rename itself to like
starbucks booth because seems like
everyone post photos of themselves
drinking starbucks or some sort of
coffee beber beverage a beverage
beverage at the ridge
that burr ridge or ever
poor bird it's gonna be a long drive
this dude passed out the back of this
truck
they were going so fast there's like you
could fall right out hey each pass the
eff out is it look at starbucks fail
they gave me a broken straw rate in the
middle kissa renders the entire length
this draw useless hey I'm allowed to
complain about the little things that
car ride this long it keeps me sane
alright so we're on a scavenger hunt
first bra so we're gonna go could it
turn here I'm gonna turn here I'm gonna
do it I'm gonna do it I totally did I
don't think I was supposed to do that I
cannot believe I just pulled off the
interstate to get us truck any rate
success oh you know what I can do it's
actually Corey mr. Safety's birthday
able to call him and what's the happy
birthday please record your message when
you have finished recording you may hang
up or press 1 for more options happy
birthday mr. Williams happy birthday mr.
safety happy birthday mr. mean kitty
from the CTFxC happy birthday dude
I you know what I honestly don't care if
you guys don't like that song I love
that song because I've been playing that
constantly on loop guys I'm Rick who did
that I really like it and I think what
the thing is that you guys don't want
don't like change because every time we
every time Charlie boots at another
theme song variations you guys didn't
like it you always liked the old one so
obviously the internet doesn't like
change foot anyway if you guys don't
like it you like it now a little bit
more that you know the lyrics because I
was actually thinking if we got it
professionally done I don't know i
really like it it gets me really pumped
up I mean it did anything I'm really
happy that Rick wrote that because it's
something I want to you know be able to
keep because I really do like it here
try this in the link you can download
this song just play it over a couple
times know the lyrics you up I guarantee
you guys are gonna start singing it it
gets me you know what I feel like I'm in
the Jersey Shore time starting to fist
pump every time the chorus comes so add
Charles trippi's plug reblogs over that
one you guys remember that one that was
an old school what's Polly these things
like beat that beat up beat the beat
that beat up beat that beat up beat beat
beat up that's not what his hit song
it's way better about all right we're
straight hair straight
every time I see one of those things i
always think that song by the Vandals
called airstream it's classic this band
is like seriously the best driving music
ever if you if you actually know who
this is but i'll be telling you um you
get like I'm maybe not a million you get
a half a million cool point just plus
half a million if you don't it's bands
called Starfucker I'm not kidding the
band is called Starfucker I feel like I
should believe that star and the best
part is like when people are like oh wow
who is this you know what band is this
your like Starfucker really it's the
most fun like name ever actually let me
ask you guys this um with a band name
like Starfucker do you ever think though
like be mainstream or do you think it's
gonna be like you know that their names
too controversial they can't do it or do
you think like if MTV's like and now on
TRL the number one spot goes to
starboard have you think funny actually
up you won't have mine turn right sweet
i'm almost home I think the seal box is
a little full all right there's gonna be
a bunch of stuff cuz look all his keys
so I got match him up now I'd say 28 28
2020 it's like you know what was that
game where you have a key and then you
had to open up and there was a prize but
some of them didn't have it was like a
kid show wasn't it hey fishies you doing
good looks like the fish are all good ah
it's good to be home i kind of don't
want to go back yeah these are all the
stuff i had to bring from the p.o box
just gonna basically tidy up around the
house make sure the fish are all set up
this is a good greatest invention of all
time an automatic fish feeder and then
the automatic fish like greatest
inventions of all time made out of all
time but since the the captivity of fish
I guess it's freaking out because I'm
not used to this car at all i don't know
if you guys never had that happen to you
where you drive a car that you've never
driven before it's really freaking weird
for the first probably 10 minutes or so
i'm gonna wait for this rain to pass
over they might go the pup beach also
i'm gonna start vlogging on this side
so I always do it from this side I was
even gonna remember to do it from the
side for the rest the day I'll get
everything sister way to get the fish
all set up now I got their food now the
drive all the way back hopefully I'll
he's been having a more interesting day
than me sorry where's waldo where's
waldo find him oh oh my god oh my god
dogs you have just Waldo is now in more
than one place the where's waldo thing
has become kind of a multi-room game
multi-part game oh my god poor Waldo so
we're trying to get this one some pants
and she thinks that her body is just a
dumb size but I think you're just
stubborn I'm not stubborn I tried one
size it didn't fit I'd ride the next
size it fit but it was eight feet too
long and I'm sorry I'm not seven feet
tall so I would have bought them they
were very small to very comfy but there
were 12 feet too long board super bored
whoa whoa did you see that
oh you see that like flash that came on
the screen that was a huge lightning
bolt lightning bolt lightning bolt holy
crap i wish i had some made this car
recording constantly because I literally
am a king I literally just saw a tree on
the left hand side of the road get
struck by lightning like BAM and it fell
like that was the most intense thing it
was so loud okay I'm I got the camera
Brady's were to tell you guys like that
was the most intense thing wow that was
that was freaky I had a call Ali oh okay
that was like seriously once in a
lifetime that was like the double
rainbow that was like double rainbow
right there man I wish that a camera
always running no more scary lightning
for some weird reason I got this total
urge to put Rob Zombie the Pandora know
that app for the iPhone and nothing
droid all i got the pandora music stuff
i put in a Rob Zombie if you don't have
any idea ops obvious he corrects movies
now anyway long story short so it's been
switching between corn lip biscuit Rob
Zombie white zombie and Powerman 5000 Oh
1997 how i miss thee
anyway
God
I've no idea been pointing in my face or
not Ellie's not feeling well okay see me
now you see me now so I get what new
Kias but why do you have to put a cookie
up your yeah I never understood what the
cookie was why couldn't they say ass
it's another one what's a bar to bar the
bank piggy piggy I know they're a total
1997-99 a flashback great down today I
don't know what a day okay so i was just
listen to lyrics and it literally just
said something about the topless dancers
to the chicks with beepers that's how
old the stuffing his I don't even think
half you guys know what a beeper is if
you know what a beeper is I better yet
if you had a beeper let me know in the
comments I used to have a beeper it was
the most annoying stupid thing on this
planet like for example my mom gave me a
beeper and she'd be like my phone number
her she she would beat me with our phone
number it's like okay so um what now I
can't call you it's a beeper
hated those things my hey regular my
mom's up hey cracker just would you like
it would you like a I don't think you
are you would you like a cracker all
right guys well I'm Matco oh where did
that cut I cut myself from I got myself
twice weird anyway before I forget I
wanted to talk to you guys really
quickly i did a video for the pepsi
refresh project that's a party of seen
as a bunch of commercials are actually
on TV right now basically a friend of
ours you know the will of DS everyone
knows the will of DC but he asked us if
you wanted to be a part of the Refresh
project basically what it is Pepsi's
funding ideas to help better communities
and since we live in florida ah
specifically up north you know the
panhandle by pensacola they asked us to
talk about the oil spill so i made a
video for on their channel you can click
just click on my face just click right
here in my face it'll take you to it so
you can go watch it I just realized that
I had this as my back hold everything
one of them to CTFxC involved because I
know how hard core you guys are and well
to be honest the ocean covers a lot of
the earth and we kind of need it just a
little bit right thank you guys for
keeping me company and go show your
support for the pepsi refresh project
see you guys tomorrow
it was big
Molly
you
