good morning guys so we're going to the
post office to mail out all the stuff
right here and get ready to face palm I
accidentally took nyquil instead of
dayquil so yeah you can do facepalming
in the comments now it's going to be
probably a short every single time I
commune your stairs notice we've got
quite a few hey you have a lot of
packages nice package alright so I'm
still fighting that night quo never have
to tell you I took my clothes at
Bakewell you took Michael today yeah I
know it's not as it was the first thing
in the video I was like all right
everyone facepalm I totally took the
wrong medicine anyway I'm still fighting
it we mailed out all the merch so if you
ordered everything up until yesterday
your stuff is um and shipped out shit
shitty shit bishop um so we are going to
be Melissa at my old work I used to work
at a chili's here on University up until
I think 05 maybe this is what I quit or
I got fired I don't remember was one of
those weird situation we're gonna go
there I want to see if there's anybody
that um still works there be interesting
I'm gonna let you to ask him i should
ask him pirates vs ninjas ala quick
pirate pirates or ninjas
okay pirates or ninjas or if Chuck
Norris okay here's the ultimate if Chuck
Norris was a pirate or Chuck Norris was
a ninja who would win that one it's
essentially Chuck Norris okay yes yes
true Cyrus okay Chuck Norris ninja Bruce
truck North pirate all right which
creates a dilemma the check Norris beats
everything so the world just explode yes
you think ninjas I don't know I think
what would just blow without a penis
like check well no no no you know I take
that back pirates because if we were
Chuck Norris pirate and Chuck Norris a
ninja Chuck Norris is already a ninja so
he'd have the power of a ninja and if I
pirate oh I feel like the two ninjas
which is kind of campus that's true
double ninja double ninja or ninja
pirate would be double ninja cuz here
you wouldn't gain the power he already
be a ninja but he gained the power of a
party it's like that episode 1 sigma
equal to when I when I was in the womb I
had a twin but I absorbed him so now I
have to pay the power of a baby and a
man Gally I think Ali took my clothes
well is it now of the power of a man and
a fetus it's some weird things my old
work there's another high-end day hi I'm
Nick looks exactly the same I used to
call that table the Beast
that was the worst table clean ever is
so long you know the worst thing was
when the parents kids were crying and
then come up through that could you be
crackers I would have to say no cuz
crackers and babies equal like the devil
that's like the worst concoction on the
planet so make sure to check into chilis
on foursquare cuz you get some free
chips and salsa score I Melissa are you
ready for Vegas this is so weird being
back here remember when I used to work
here it's so weird in a testing shade no
I don't think she ever came and visited
me at work she was a bad sister yeah I
guess that's good but I'm so we're going
on a shoe hunt for hunting
shoes oh my god you guys guess who I'm
gonna meet I'm I am positive Charles's
not convinced but I am convinced that
i'm going to meet jit yeah i'm gonna
meet j biebs and i'm gonna call him that
when i meet him i'm gonna be like hey
sup j biebs how you doing she number one
fan you know not a big deal I got new I
guess without new really weird lipstick
that stays forever sign up and on but
the hell I'm like freaked out oh god
wickets in your teeth does it not come
off it feels weird guys it's on my face
now this part 16 hours oh my god do you
know what I'm gonna do tonight I'm gonna
put this on Charles face no yes Helene
oh yes he always pranks me I'm gonna do
well you can he's not feeling well
you're hiding from the thunder hmm sorry
crash he's scared and he's scared of the
thunder I took him outside to try to
confront their scared eNOS yeah so I was
going through a bunch of emails and i
met this kid at the orlando gathering
his name is rick and he said he would
make a new theme song or like a punk
like a pop punk theme song Eddie I I was
like yeah okay you know if you make it
send it over and I didn't think you
actually would and I just checked it and
I really honestly like this I think it's
really good so i wanted i wanted to play
this for you guys now and I want to get
your honest opinions this is a rough
draft so be constructive don't I'm gonna
play it now and then let us know in the
comments again be constructive cuz you
know well for haters but you know
positivity goes a long way so check it
out
Oh
this year
we'll see
because you
yeah big
forget
that's pretty awesome isn't it I don't
know I really like if you want the
lyrics during the the sub bar below and
all the guys information but yeah do you
guys think we should start using that
maybe as the beginning or the end or
every other time or something like that
because I honestly I was playing it like
five times I kind of like it CTFxC again
a bunch of crazy-ass talented people
exactly I dare you to jump in I know no
daddy i'm not going in not today scritch
streets Hey look at week off yet
look at that I just peel the skin off
the front of the camera look out dirty
it is that is nasty
okay what is that for real verizon some
bad shit is jack o son of judah knows
but my mom and I have taken over the
vlog for today because Charles was not
feeling well so we've hijacked the vlogs
oh I don't know if you guys heard us
talking on the plane with Olga but first
she started talking about like opening
the exit door like what would happen
like in front of all these people and
then right after that we were like we
start talking about something we were
trying to say it was awesome but we're
like oh yeah that's the bomb and then
we're okay we first say on the plane I
just thought of that piece i said my
jack and yeah not supposed to say like
mom or hijack our like terrorists on a
plane that kind of gets people uneasy hi
jen is you wanted I was gonna get this
one but I realized that the beach
umbrella Jane well minute look oh this
is Alison talking to her grandma yeah I
know about the shoes she wants to wear
to the Teen Choice Awards who their
perfect we're in shoe hell I made it out
empty handed it was painful but I did it
as beautiful as Jamaican some sense
we're still love Florida Sun sense
there's a plane going by you see it I
like wallowing around the car you can
see it's just about the stoplight now
just under the stuff like
Oh what are you doing so thanks you guys
we are actually got invited to the Teen
Choice Awards so I always been trying to
enclose was that helping her yeah hi
dress so he's trying to figure out what
you I said I should just go on a white
like six dollar t shirt and jean shorts
I cutoff jean shorts and see if I get in
and then you're looking at dangle yeah
oh my gosh and so yeah we're going to
the teen choice award since you guys at
reply them so much they invited Justine
Fred Shane myself and I don't know if
that Grayson gig I don't really think
the Greyson kid is really a part of
YouTube but I'm assuming since he's
under Ellen's contract he's assuming
he's gonna go he's like the next Justin
Bieber right eat her tissues you don't
you hear you know just num num num no
way I'm bored let's go do something i'm
bored Marley I don't like being sick
anymore we got remember the socks right
run away would she steal oh she just
jacked that from ya Oh whew protect that
squeak toy oh we've got it oh all right
listen to her oh she got it that's
pretty high whoa hey whoo gonna go for
it got it I'll go for a car ride corrode
car ride I saw the lipstick on till
lunch tomorrow right hey guys you guys
to mcdonald you guys happened for me it
smells like that flips for me different
for me as much probably for me write
that food for me I love food I'll take
the food that food for me I'll take the
food yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah give me
it's mine I love food so you're walking
around with that Waldo car keys ting I'm
so we've gone through
all the Twitter hashtags and we have
picked the seven winners from the past
week at random so we're gonna let you
guys know right now so I a lead you want
to say these names because I can never
pronounce use your names I'm always
really bad okay the first winner is and
tongue ola top and then the second one
is spicy with sunday ah well Bobbie a
third one is Little Joe 152 a 4 goes to
kay parker 1267 day 5 goes to know if
it's carolina at carolinas danke
stomping a six viva it's erica the
seventh day goes to Gutierrez T so those
are the winners of the sanyo xacti
camera contest yeah shot if you didn't
want a camera from our past week don't
worry because San Jose giving away 15
more cameras on their website and
they're also giving a a week trip for
two so you and a friend to the round
hill resort that one we were you know at
the whole time as a key another giving
away at additional 15 so this is how you
do this if you go to the link at the
bottom of the sub bar and you vote for
our videos the you know Jame can be
crazy if you vote every single day for
our videos they pick a random winner at
the end of the contest and you could
either win you know one of 15 cameras or
the grand prize so it's really cool I oh
yeah don't worry you didn't win on
contest you still have a chance so make
sure to vote for our videos every single
day links in the sub bar and you can
still win a camera or the grand prize
good luck I will see you guys from
tomorrow we have to drive to Tallahassee
even with the drive back because we
leave for the Teen Choice on Saturday so
it could be a long trip i'm still
getting over my cold it looks like ali
now has the horse plague too so I'm
gonna go take my nyquil now that it's
night and I actually here's
yeah I know but here's the cool thing I
actually fought the night quo I
successfully beat nightquil during the
day so vote down below and hopefully you
guys can win a camera if you didn't and
congratulations to all the guys and
girls that one this is Charles signing
off
he is
you
