good morning guys so I'm on a mission to
find a specific movie what movie might
ask I don't know put your guests in the
comment below while the intro loads now
did you leave your guests did you leave
it I'll give you another 10 seconds
okay that's long enough all right so
while we were in Jamaica I think Sophie
Sam and James we're talking to Ross
Noble remember the guy was saying in the
car about a specific movie was asking
about the filming locations of the great
1993 movie classic Cool Runnings to make
in bobsled team and ever since they were
talking about it I was like you know
what first thing I do when I get home
I'm gonna try to find that movie one to
see if I can actually find it - if it's
on DVD at three hoping that it still has
this amazing as I thought it was what I
was into what third grade so I guess are
you guys rolling
Marlee she's gonna do it again she just
rolled up like half an hour but I found
that is a sea urchin no dead one Oh
think about my best invention ever best
invention ever think grandma thanks
grandma smiley
she's such a jerk she disappears so fast
there she is hey jerkface magic okay
okay so I came to investigate what my
dog's rolling in that's what she was
destroying you bait fish a shitload of
dead fish you are an asshole
and you're in a lot of trouble you
asshole
sit down fit okay
Oh wacky waving inflatable arm to the
blue - man hey totally screw that up
alright so I checked this Best Buy and
apparently they'll have it still see are
you kidding me this movie still twenty
dollars what oh my god this was the best
movie ever founded it's the funniest
thing I had a deal you know the front
when you leave the store
okay this was only ten bucks this is 24
hours on sell ten bucks and this was
$7.00 right okay this movie was ten
dollars this movie was more expensive
than both of these movies maybe this
movie actually you know like live up to
the fact of how awesome it was when I
was little maybe it'll still be it does
have John Candy that's true you don't
even know what you're whining about that
was a short-lived day at the beach it is
a way to rest to be out here way to go
girls let's go
and you went in the freaking pool no
Marley
that's disgusting hey that is why I
don't like opening this freaking drain
there's crap like that in there
get off my ball can the box cat's ears
are flat yeah
he's Charles Charles Trippy with
Marley's new Rihanna's reality
