alright so we are leaving it's our last
eggs came back that say bye to Sam
Sophie so everyone say bye to Jamaica
we're heading home beautiful Florida
which actually kind of looks like
Jamaica except the water has all in it I
was saying bye to Tim oh we forgot to
say bye to James on camera but yeah
James is down there he's basically the
magician guy so you should go follow him
on Twitter yeah I know I do sound sick
doing it so I just had a fail moment I
went to get into the car I got in this
side and everyone like Charles what the
hell you do yeah you're an idiot Charles
confusing alright it's confusing but
whoa look at that it's a Russian
passport pasaporte this is a bit
complicated
lost look at all the grease spots from
when people put their head on the wall
isn't that gross this is why you should
never pay anything public yellow I just
just have to move it down because of
grease spots do you guys hear the whole
school thought matrix look at olga's
little hat yeah no no we don't know we
don't know we don't she put that hat on
she's crazy automatic my gonna highway
and you want to just sometimes you just
want to see what happened if you're
swerving tell you when you crash you
crashing yeah XD I think I'm gonna go
sit with Nick it's like we have so much
leg room we can play like six Mugsy bows
in here where's your kid or Shaquille
O'Neal style you don't know Mugsy boses
you really have no idea Mugsy vs all
that did you just keep saying it'll make
me understand him on you don't know who
Bugsy buzzes you just used what was he
goes like 53 no he was a basketball
professional basketball player there's
like five foot three what yeah no
seriously does anyone remember him it
goes down to make up Freddy's your
opening
your belt fastened belfast in sounds
fasten were fastened
for turning
ah
looks like from airplane
I definitely got that
Oh
I just
so we are in Miami I can't hear my you
know like when your ears get all away
pressurized I still can't hear like say
something like I can't what are you
saying I honestly can't hear you okay
heard that one Wow which is they call me
yeah yeah I no choice yeah yeah yeah so
I don't know what I'll you told me to do
the whole hold your nose thing and I try
to yawn neither working so do you think
well is our bag but nice thank you Nick
I'm trying to be like
I can't do oh you almost did it very
good you're cut off well you're in
juggling your jug yeah she's gonna be
able to do it yeah this is a bit of a
cluster f don't you think yeah tiny bit
we lost Nick where did he go okay oh hey
there's not even a line it's just a
free-for-all this could be bad she's
home I like how this Airport has like
the dot system okay just like follow the
orange ones follow the red one follow
the yellow one it actually helps though
all the blue dots it's like yeah it's
like a crack game where you can't the
crack game that's awful I'm just used to
being on the left side down
oh you got to love lazy people special
in the trash is that close Oh lazy
people find out I'll just gotta go back
to LA you really think i'm getting a
cold beside your article yeah yeah i
think i did you do do it cop on a segway
i hope i'm sitting next to him like so
he could travel but Miley definitely
couldn't know we have to put her to go
like any case first my eyes are watering
sick boy is sick she couldn't resist
he's making friends Ali wouldn't talk to
apparently he's a bomb-sniffing dog like
explosives and for a three year old he's
worked up a pretty impressive repertoire
his resume boasts two Super Bowl jobs at
the age of three Asian three at the ripe
age where's your buddy he's like sitting
like right there
serious
this
Ali's infatuated just Hayes that's a
really long
I'm starting to think you're stalking
Ali wasn't a come home yeah it looks
like we found the end of the rainbow I'm
not sure how far away it is but it
totally looks like oh ok ill ok we just
got over to maker and the dogs have yet
to come out they will be out in a moment
they're probably going to pee everywhere
oh happy to be home and that was
short-lived oh there hi Zoe come here
set sit sit down sit sit down sit down
sit Harley well I just Chuck Norris me I
gotta go control these guys but I think
they're happy we're home come here Hey
oh the attention is not on Marley okay
I'm gonna go get medicine I had to bring
the dogs with me because they didn't
want to leave my side but I literally
just I can't believe I just did this I
literally just went on the left side of
the road I was dry clean it's not a busy
busy road but I was literally driving on
the wrong side of the road for being in
the car and Jamaica so long I you know
this is like the worst type of coal you
know this one way your eyes water
constantly so people think you're crying
all the time like all the man
I don't cry men don't cry he's Charles
Charles trippin with Marley Zoe and his
fiance Ali you can watch it on this
channel we need a decision from the
internet
