another beautiful morning in Jamaica I
miss my dogs
I'm if you guys have noticed but like
every single animal I see I freak out
and go after it the last days at Round
Hill I'm looking for Olga and I can't
find her so I went to the water I was
looking for a place to go in you look
like the best place you guys can see
that like every single one of those
things is a sea urchin all right chicken
fight Oh Ali Sam Sophie who will win
leave it in the comments before we
continue chicken
oh we got a winner
what a loser
all right now it's Sam this is al Oh
Congrats ow
wait you guys are one-on-one the losers
ha ha ha
I just fog the lens up I just fog the
lens up be safe
don't let the Jamaican bug by and say
hello when you get home so say hello to
all the bridge look the sky is crying
the sky is crying for you bye guy so it
is the last day here everyone lies just
off Dan Phil James all that we're gonna
it's raining we got here it was
beautiful because um hurricane just like
passed you think this is waterproof
actually vlogging in the rain but now
there's a another top of the storm and
as you can see there's a bit of rain but
if their last day here but really flying
all these people are amazing like I was
didn't yesterday's video all their
information I left in the description so
you guys can follow them on Twitter but
they're really nice people these are all
really nice people hopefully the keep in
touch I think Sam's coming to Florida
right coming to Orlando so we might see
Sam again soon and we'll see you in like
a few days actually in LA that should be
what new like silicon implants should be
everyone gets a flower inside your boob
are you gonna get a quesadilla guys get
in case dealer case the deal is over
there is that
like perfect dress wait
so we walk into Olga's room and we see
that's so creepy you got to get some
oars oh my gosh
I want that oh I want to ride this thing
that's so cool all right so we have
we've been here a week having gone
snorkelling it so we're gonna at least
try to do this and then get a really
nice shot mark one of the editors got up
alley failure right okay I don't want to
you're what
it's raining again total fail you see
all the rain coming it's like it's
lightning now I don't think they're
gonna let us go in yeah yeah you can
hear right there hey pink but duck feet
you saw what lightning it's only light
there I'm big on the end that sucks
can I trouble you for a ride you're
going down the water
yeah
that's a big low that the show
our music we're working in the sand
he's took a stand at the Internet
the pitch
well that is awesome you know what
that'll be today's secret word Herbert
the crab is a show-off oh yeah we've
given away now seven uh Sanyo xacti
cameras thanks to Sonya and if you have
no idea what that means
read the description basically since
we've been here ah sorry I think I'm
getting a cold that's what my nose
sounds like this is something almost
exactly the same doesn't it it's kind of
weird but yeah we were lucky enough to
be able to give away some cameras I'll
announce the winners once we get back we
get we fly home tomorrow or actually by
the time you watch this for Poly home
but here's here's another thing if you
didn't win a camera here's another cool
thing there's another prize basically
they're having a contest where you both
give your favorite videos on the exactly
passion website you're gonna vote for us
though right
anyway what they're gonna do is they're
gonna pick a random voter so make sure
you vote every single day and then you
can win a trip here to the Round Hill
Resort for a week for I think to get one
yourself and a guess and some spending
money so I just want to let you guys
know there's another way to win if you
didn't win a camera so links in the sub
bar below make sure you vote every day
betters your chances on winning make
sure you vote every day betters your
chances on winning and if you if you so
happen to vote for Jamaican me crazy or
any one of our videos that would that
wouldn't you know not hurt your chances
actually really I never really thought
about coming to Jamaica but it's really
pretty here
um granted we've only really been around
the resort and a couple of activities
but yeah I'm just waiting for the Sun to
go down I'm hoping to get oh that's a
cool shot right there I don't have to
wait that's that's awesome I'm just
waiting for Ali to get dressed girls why
do you take so long I see I can take a
shower and put some clothes on brush my
teeth and go like this with my hair and
probably 10 minutes what is it but like
if you're a girl and you take forever
let me know why it takes forever if
you're a guy that takes more than 10
minutes tell me what the heck you're
doing
it's pretty sad actually it's been a
really really fun experience just taking
one last look actually really cool
there's a crab that's like tossing sand
he was digging his little hole for the
evening I guys
but yeah it's amazing to watch him with
his little arm pulls the dirt line
doesn't stand another did you name him
Herbert okay well as Charles is like
dying that's just awesome three quarters
okay so we're currently going to play a
game of rock-paper-scissors with bear
it's basically rock-paper-scissors yeah
okay
this is so confusing he's Charles
Charles champion with more Lisa
Rihanna's fiance Ali
