we're getting ready for Nadine Fashion
Show sorry I gotta do two cameras
already shot this on the iPhone one so I
have to do - now you gotta get this line
there we go
yeah this is very businesslike I would
give you a loan if you came into my bank
there we go let's go this way I want to
get a nice nice shot of this one there
we go and we got so good with a cape Sam
I'm just gonna Pat down yeah that's nice
one glove yes and then Holly's got an
ice bucket on her head
James apparently loves boobies and a
Dean's getting here a little I would say
that's more of a what's this dude hit
his head do that from poison what's his
name it is fail I don't fit good morning
everyone was that hello are you behind
the flowers hello okay I'm not sure that
is the weirdest thing a breadfruit
alright so yesterday I did the whole
introduction thing I go saying and I
lost the footage so we got we got a few
of them here and we're gonna go through
formal introductions a day before we
leave but it still works okay hello it's
Phil again what is your twitter
danisnotonfire
this is youtube that's why we kept
saying that you should jump in the water
that's where all day okay from now it
makes sense
that's amazing Phil what's your Twitter
amazing Phil amazing Phil yeah all right
now these are the Twitter noobs all
right what's your Twitter Sam calm way
we got it we got a nice little shadow on
your face okay
it's the guy who looks like Eric aaron
eckhart Kevin Costner and Kurt Cobain on
one right now combined what was your
Twitter again
Sam cut all right so okay then we got
Sophie and I think yeah yours actually
get deleted right so now we have
everyone except James which is James
bold
folding folding we're gonna say like
bolding off the guy yeah Brad Pitt
James is Brad Pitt goes off the boat the
way I do that is what you call fashion
right there it's Alex Kurt so this is
the runway it's nice and fancy I feel
too ordinary
all right Internet who has the best
costume here Ali can't see you
before I have the best hat right there
that's awesome you should take on like a
like an Austrian accent from Vienna your
Fabio so how long have you been modeling
yeah it's your favorite thing yeah how
do you feel about being a model they're
very happy you love it yeah how do you
feel about being a model darling it's
like one of your favorite things yeah
he's like the Lady Gaga Robbie
come on
there's a good way to introduce everyone
actually you're right
you're like an iguana
alright see if you can catch this if you
like we'll get lunch right now and then
we're gonna go horseback riding and like
I was saying yesterday I'm a little bit
afraid to try this I don't I don't I
look you know Holly's afraid of like
flax paper like things that you
shouldn't really be afraid of I should
be a federal horse but the thing is I am
well this yeah they can be but they're
generally cheat I did the glasses thing
you guys noticed it can count that verse
anyway whatever I'm mumbling um no this
is what I'm this is what I'm thinking
it's gonna happen to me I'm gonna be
like whoa Nelly if that's what you say
when you're riding a horse and it's
gonna kick me back and then the horse is
gonna be smart and he's gonna kick me
with back legs and then like a soccer
ball and that's not gonna be cool so I'm
gonna ask for either a unicorn or a
donkey to make this cool are you video
bombing no oh and a lot of you guys have
been asking who the guy was in the
yesterday's video with the peace love
unity respect to the heart his name is
Ross Noble he's a king around here he
could probably just Google Ras Noble and
OB le and let you find him say CTFxC
loves you
and that you guys were actually really
you got is gonna start you in that peace
love respect unity to the heart and I
thought it was really funny actually
that I was wearing for the haterz shirt
maybe that's why it came up to me a
little bit oh gosh she's always making
friends with a crazy hat on oh well
that's really good
all right so we're going to try to go on
a horse we have a little bit of issues
but it's okay where did you make us
we're gonna let it slide this is this is
our first time ever by ourself though
are you scared you're not scared you
will be in the jungle so yeah we're
gonna horse just appreciator than kick
you in the head you look so gangsta we
don't have any sunscreen they said they
would have it but they don't so Ali's
gonna wear Sam's gangsta hat Hey oh I
see
is a woman get away from me
I like how he sees you picking up and he
stops eating to wait for you a horse is
a horse of course of course the boot I
mean do you remember the mr. ad theme
song horse is a horse of course of
course I don't remember what it is
though mr. ed help me out guys what is
the theme song for mr. ed you got a help
ever been on a horse before in his life
yeah don't jump you look good you're
riding a horse forwards it needs to have
a unicorn horn I think that would be
much more epic he's getting Horst horsie
turnaround um
reverse back up I think my horse is
broken because I think his name is Rama
I think his name is ramadan ramadan is
it yeah i swear you guys i don't weigh
that much
horse poop don't worry guy i'll get you
lots and lots of water
you're on a horse get scrappy your
Yellowbird horse but hey Old Spice
what choice what's yours Sam Chico so
we're the brakes
Oh horsie passer no no we one horsepower
my horse is so much faster every source
I have a racehorse this one I did I just
made it up I made it so ok you don't
want to be up his butt he's got a
stubborn horse just like her
take your time little dude
and fun you don't want to have kids any
time soon we're gonna have a problem
right Ramadan
hey you got a grumpy one Oh watch out
watch out
Oh bacon
don't really know where the brakes are
I'm assuming he does though let me find
out hey what's he doing oh yeah it's a
valley okay let's try not to throw me
off this alright mister horse my horse
grunts grunting like Zoe does hold on
hey this is awesome
except my horse is really stubborn just
like me so we match my horse all right
no more snacks snacky snack is over
watch the tree watch the tree what just
tree doing good in the tread
this is the real horsepower house
running past me
yep no mine doesn't want to be past its
lows I know I gave him snack time you're
welcome see I told you I promised you
snack time I promised it
these are almond trees or these are
something that I don't know what that is
like trees and stuff like Florida no
he's trying to pass again he pooped he
farted nice what
no no when I heard someone say it yeah
what is it
like an idiot oh wow that's a little bit
ruder than I thought okay
looks like you're just like texting and
driving a horse just like yeah whatever
I'm gonna horse I actually kind of like
hell this have this set up like that you
didn't just like walk around wherever
they want I think it's like member the
other one was over there he eating grass
he just like wandered they're not in
like stalls or anything that's so cool
all right so we're going in the water
now and we have to have these little
things I don't know how deep we're going
but apparently the horses like it so I
don't know if that's really gonna help
you an event of emergencies or an
emergency oh we got to do a bareback
are almost bareback how you feeling I
have like you did yeah Lisa's allergic
to horses this is not a place for her to
be right now they had to trade up horses
because that one wasn't listening to
Ally
I got a new one though mine was
listening
hey baby you're so pretty I love you I
love my horsey and uh yeah we're doing
bareback so like the spines are like
rate of our butts it's pretty bad boats
are underwater whoa
well we're in the water keep your head
up keep your head up nice little back
this is pretty crazy over here there you
go I can't tell if they like this
do they like this we feel so bad
do you like this if you don't like this
man I'll say you free Wow I'm winning
because my horse is cheating it's
cheating it's cheating cheater horse
with my horse poop for somebody else to
watch the poop poop here's the poop
alright so that was pretty interesting
but the only thing I'm concerned I've
never ridden a horse before so I don't
know if they like that it seems like
they would you know cool down cuz it's
really hot so I kinda feel bad though
like what they do have pretty good eyes
they trade up with the horses really
well at this place but like the whole
water thing I don't know much about
horses to know they seem to enjoy except
when I they say they like it so I don't
know you guys will probably know more
than they do if you'll sugar packed chai
and out Sally trying to take a photo
before we
we got it yeah I got it
awesome thank you oh wow that's the old
spice yeah sweet comes a little done
tats there you go you can't really see
it the end of
you know they say okay now just look
into my eyes okay now with don't tell me
anything with your mouth with your eyes
in your face for my time you know what
now wickedest I'm ready okay baby easy
with the keep your leg straight around
the top hey
much better oh he's doing that no
yanching the Jurchens Charles Charles
Trippy with Marley Surrey and his
fiancee Allie
