22 the lollies or Tamayo
if you work in coal please come to the
podium here and she gave a jury your
package good morning guys
I'm heading to the UK but first I feel
so bad and guess we'll go for a walk for
a walk they actually did but I said it
first
they ran into Ally the valley to the
bedroom those just like I know unweaving
it sucks because yesterday we said we
thought or I thought I was leaving at 7
p.m. but it turns out all lies 1 p.m. I
for some reason in the middle of the
night had this weird feeling and I
decided to look at the check-in and got
a gig because that was aquick that was
too late I would have been really bad I
wouldn't have made it in time you wanna
go for a walk before I leave and get all
pissed off of those ears
hey you want to go I felt so guilty so I
had to get a nice little walk in for
them because the assumption was 7:00
p.m. everything I had to walk her before
I left guys just her mask here did you
make sure to prove yet I mean you peed
on every bush well I feel I know the bad
boy rookies do come to me I can't go on
there
my blood will be back baby
here in Miami I just found out that all
the other guys are kind of traveling in
different airplanes in different
schedules so I'm pretty much gone all
the way the one did let myself which is
kind of boring picking what is the first
I've ever been in Miami Airport he'll
just kind of create that me care portal
over everyone's way that's the plan
we're gonna be on being the monster with
the Titanic of airplanes like says for a
bank there's the divide little dude is
to show you how big isn't it
I'll get written on the plane this big
oh my mind like myself alright now for
this long you're in college
luckily it's not big the movie is like
going at it earlier to be like this I
think the link so x5 hour or so I'm
guessing they're still an hour's flight
to thank because we take off the Clive
earth a little longer because if we take
off five and we get there rustic or in
the morning
the tricky till allowances for that is
if you with your whole sequence with a
poem yumeji
do it you're back so I didn't cause too
much problems I guess I made a verify
couple things you know what just make
sure I don't get some of this plays over
badly otherwise I don't know but what if
they were doing tell me London I'm going
to be talking about over London all the
time so this is my schedule for the next
two days so flying over there so it's a
five hour difference I think it's like
12 hours so it's probably like
I do basic math okay Zack seven hours we
play like three shows for slam dunk
which is going to be amazing so
hopefully I'll see you once you go there
so we have four days in UK then we fly
back and Ally you can Hawaii on the 30th
for six hours different plus six hours
oh my god this is gonna be a lot of
flying much was this flight I'll stretch
out and I can go where I propose and
there's a whole new chapter an adventure
in our life started I think we'll go
back there soon I just love it there say
New Zealand I loved it there too all
right well I gotta focus everything
taken care of now
since it's been a little bit since I
have been out by the water to go for a
walk I figured I would go into that
today because why not
I mean honestly why not I don't know
every time I'm outside and getting a
little bit of a workout in it always
makes me feel so good and you know I'm
having like a good day or a bad day it
always seems to make me feel better so
let me go get some of that goodness
right now
the only thing that selects while
traveling by yourself for such a long
distance it's kind of hard to find
anything to do and my favorite thing
about filming in the airport every sort
of smelly times if you're watching as
imparting your keep looking up is
because I'm watching people last time
doing this we have no idea that I'm
talking tens of thousands of people like
later like this is my favorite thing is
blocking in public you used to be
completely terrified and very skittish
I know alleys we're getting over that
but as once you do if you embrace it
it's the funniest thing in the world and
for anyone who ever asks how you get
over it honestly you just keep doing it
and kind of make a game out of it so let
you talk to the camera then you keep
glancing over so you see my eyes glanced
over as because I'm laughing in my head
right now because people are laughing or
pointing and it's so fun but on
stainless it's kind of sucks when you're
traveling by itself because airports are
very very boring even if you try to go
find something cool they're just very
boring because it can also much like
security so much lockdown on everything
which you know I like that but at the
same time they're just really boring you
try to find something cool
and it's you sail physically if you have
friends specifically Travis I should say
because he just he's entertaining kind
of corner by himself sunny girls Charles
is out of town and I am all by my
lonesome I am I'm actually hanging out
with mom tonight I am up at my mom's
friends restaurant you guys see me here
like a million times captain Bill's
apparently there's like it's really good
I think husband and wife but there's
fairly a really good band playing up
here tonight on the beach and I figured
I'd stop have some dinner with her and
just you know hang out listen to some
good tunes there's honestly nothing else
house more apt hasn't been eating good
food and hang out
since I'm traveling by myself all I can
do is pretty much kind of wander around
which is very boring so right now I'm
just kind of editing what I have right
now
and then when I land in London tomorrow
in the future everything's going to pick
up so it's kind of the build-up to the
awesomeness
so obviously tomorrow is going to be
cool because we're going to have a
different country in the vlogs which is
always my favorite thing at the drone so
hopefully I'll better get some cool
shots while I'm in London or are we in
London knowing where are we
we're in three different places I just
got this this is actually pretty
important if you say it would be like
those loops we shot so I got a door I'm
sure Liam I know it's on Birmingham
because I used to do that when we're on
tour you guys yelled at me so it's
Birmingham I probably said that wrong
and then lead and then Hatfield are the
so 27th 28th and 29th or so if you're
coming to slam dunk
that's where at and we're playing the
monster stage at 7:05 p.m. Edison was
crazy like the movie lights the Bronx
Memphis may fire against me are all on
this tour which is crazy because these
are all dance ladies or like listen to
all the time
specifically the movie like please to
love them so much against means only
there's gonna be a awesome tour
Goldfinger holy crap gold fingers with
me on this zebra head and the Atari they
want on last time too I love this sword
really awesome
so now I'm just a say here at back
United States I'll see you very soon and
get ready the next couple videos are
going to freaking actually the next
couple weeks still is freaking awesome
because we got the United Kingdom we got
this we got this festival and then
immediately after we have two weeks in
Hawaii don't worry Ally I have a bunch
of bug spray to make sure she's saying
can't wait to go so actually be there
with Cole band to be a medical vacation
could be like a little mini tour or mini
vacation or mini coming I keep saying
mini honeymoon because we still want to
try to figure out I do that I mean how
to do we know how to go on on but we got
to figure out when we can actually go on
it so anyway I'm talking about nothing I
will see you soon I said bye for now so
I just got home from dinner with my mom
and it was awesome sorry I didn't film
anything but we actually had two of her
friends that were there one woman was
her hair stylist and she was hilarious
and then her friend so we're just
enjoying the music and kind of enjoying
each other's company so I didn't
actually film it but now what I'm going
to do is I'm going to start editing the
vlog for tomorrow
so I'm getting charts footage
periodically throughout the day which I
don't know if you guys noticed it is
really difficult when he is on tour or
out of country or in a different state
the whole editing process takes a lot
longer so I'm going to get to work on
that but thank you guys so much for
watching and if you guys are new please
do not forget to hit that subscribe
button and we'll see you tomorrow
you
