take it the flying leaf then now I'm
late tired don't be like that
come on there we go all right we are
going to Negril that was like real and
we're in this awesome little backwards
car luxury yeah this is our luxury look
at it's all padded and you know it's
great oh yeah we have enough Headroom
the smoosh down rack we do have a roll
cage we do
that's awesome blinds
a
like what's going on
by his hand the time of his life right
now he just made like 50 friends in five
minutes
show no I'm going you're the leader here
man
that's beautiful holy cow
hey char come walk into this spider over
here come walk into the spider over here
come here
wow it's like over there hanging up in
there you see it yeah everywhere scared
everyone's scared of the spiders
oh the bright side the water is
beautiful yeah
I don't know dude dad you're very sweet
yeah yeah Ali and I are more fascinated
by the cute dogs than the yeah they're
so cute Heiser all these he's rolling
his head he's gonna make it out I'm
actually recording you right now I know
I heard her say it this is sexy we've
got it
crazy British people say the Canadian
people stupid American
okay we all know we know I felt like
that dog is dying he's not gonna do it
cuz we're here now
oh that's probably really bad for your
teeth man oh it was like alright let's
test this guy yeah how far you let's see
how far you guys can see underwater find
anything in the water find any waves
behind the scenes of Sophie's video and
as you can see there's not very much
waves yeah Phil and Dan Ali what are you
doing get your rock buddy quit whining
he wants his rock
having fun are you posing for a photo uh
there's like so many little puppies out
here
they become the that they're basically
the show now get it get it and he did it
again didn't he
it is a doll that's pretty sweet how
they go try that yeah yeah everyone get
ready for failblog
so you can get more views I don't want
to pan to that dog right now guys I'm
sorry uh fail dog Oh got it before I
could record you I don't know if he's
gonna fall up whoo success yeah I cannot
get over the fact of how clean and
beautiful the water everyone went to the
Bahamas how clean that was this is like
totally blowing all out no completely
mind no pun intended but uh blowing it
out of water
I guess I'm by myself now I gotta catch
up with everyone um creepiest right so
we're going to the hole um I guess a
cliff diving thing so that really pretty
interesting did you guys see that water
snake do you see that okay this place is
got big ass spiders and water snakes
although it's pretty sad to coolest
thing in the world
oh hey guys what's up
I know that puppy was so sweet it was
adorable I'm just filming this little
pathway this is very first method dog
I'm just gonna document everything that
happened according to when we met the
dog he was such a sweetheart
we'll miss you for everybody
oh god I'm gonna cry I hope and pray
they give in helping hands helping hands
show them the way he help them to carry
on carry on time out change
I hear the children crying please they
play they don't play no more little more
he would take if we're taking over and
my knees where I learn to learn to
breathe as the father did that is help
the children every step of the way what
you enjoy any place don't you wanna but
what about Molly's I get up stand up
here we are in Negril and this is can
you see my foot under the water we're
dueling with a jewel blogging rip and we
go to another site to another site
come on either side yeah no no I mean
like to on the others say to people on
that side to come on that side so so
he's in the middle oh yeah I mean oculus
not enough people no no no no no no I
like his flag I like your flag Jamie I
like that that's nice
so it's America's right or England's
right I think England wins
inaudible knickers and trousers are
trousers but their underpants are under
the pants yeah exactly just because it's
shorter doesn't mean that yeah I
officially because yeah we're more
literal hands were straight to the point
I mean deal yah yah simple yeah so we
had the most diverse career I think we
should just warm up funny oh yeah yeah I
just found that one out I'm not gonna
tell you guys that because that's not
very PC I come to engage a funny yeah
just don't say yep this is one one with
nature I am it's so awesome I actually
had a grasshopper do that and then it
literally pooped on me as I was filming
it was amazing yeah it was amazing you
guys are over there wouldn't know yeah
shut the bowl fire alright so what we're
gonna do is we're gonna go on this boat
right here and then we're going to that
boat basically the waterworld boats as
the three pontoons remember Kevin
Costner and then we're gonna eat our
McDonald green fish box thing it's not
really McDonald's I don't think they
have to go
very big boat that we need a mr. coffee
so we can pee in it and get some water
we can actually do that yeah because we
are literally literally now on a boat
here we're going cliff diving soon
estimate nervous but kinda good I make
having fun baby I'm kidding I keep
getting like sunscreen in my eyes looks
like I'm crying but I look like Bob
Barker right now all right there's a
starfish we're not in Florida that's for
sure you can actually see straight
through the water
Devin fun you guys got a recreate
Titanic right now Castle and Sophie's
head keeps flopping in the way we're on
a boat I was trying to get as close as
possible I was like all right in your
vein restoring so we're trying to find
this jump clip thing whatever jump clip
it apparently it's gonna be from maybe
about their high and then we go we
all avoiding rocks sharks merchants and
sharks again yes that's a good good rule
this right here is where we're gonna be
diving and it doesn't look that bad but
you see the little white like speck
right there that's a person and then you
compare to a building so it's about the
size of a building and a half so okay so
that's the high one right there this is
the high one right here oh that's okay
so there's one two three four five swing
which one are you going for oh you wait
damn which one are you going for too
early to tell ooh it's a heavy warning
oh man throw swing location of the cliff
jumping yeah you like all the warnings
all right good luck oh the look on his
face was still like I probably shouldn't
be doing okay
in the water shot that was good okay
okay we're gonna test this I'm gonna try
to film as I'm jumping we good here goes
nothing woo-ee Corning hahaha Ali's
getting a little coaching right now
I'm Robin what are the breaks but you
could balance look at that oh you gonna
do it
well that's why you just have to run if
you run it's fun okay I want to do one
more time but this time I was gonna get
the impact of be going in the water
and I'll show you guys the clips as I'm
falling so that should be interesting
the prospective shot I love how he gives
like you can see underwater I mean you
guys can cuz this camera but I can open
my eyes underwater you go to the tall
one yet no not yet we got to do it we
got to do it oh man he's so high
you should drop the camera trying to
catch it halfway down whoa and the
winner being lives up whoo we both did
it I'm very proud of both you guys
should open up the works
the worst thing is like when you're
falling them and then Midway you're like
I'm still falling and that's the worst
thing where you realize you can flail
and I'm like still flail and then get
into position it's like that it's like
the Bill and Ted bill 10 bogus journey
where they're following like oh that's
not like that oh it does doesn't it
is it the dumbest Ingram's the coolest
the coolest and the dumbest right
very nice cheese
oh my god
Oh ice your turn your turn
hold it tight oh my god yes good luck
try it come on Phil let's go on Phil hey
that's true that's true
and now Dan's gonna be screaming okay
just remember you're on fire and you're
putting yourself out
and there's the camera as you can see
there's quite a bit of a audience we're
gonna go down and see what everyone's
doing
it scared to death
careful honey I always had too much to
drink you did it I didn't you did it and
you did it I did it we all did it
you ain't even jumped unn that was
awesome high five high five it actually
is true but yes we drink a red stripe
here in Jamaica alright so today's
secret word of Awesome uber pwnage is
super belly flop of doom yes that is
that is the secret word for today so
make sure to read the description if you
have no idea what super belly flop of
doom means and you can get all the
information but basically it's so you
can get a free camera we're giving away
free cameras every single day while in
Jamaica thanks to the guys at Sanyo so
um we will read below in the video sub
bar and enter your the yeah
whoo and watch the deadly rope oh no you
lost it
yo I think no I want to look something
funny like you're right okay for those
who have no idea what's going on James
literally just fell overboard okay let
me show you all right yeah so what
happened was he leaned on this as the
boat was moving he leaned on this it
broke
he went under and mind you there's a
motor propeller right there so we were
all like freaking out thinking like he
was gonna get cut up but I guess he
doped down or something and Man
Overboard did you J dude did he dive
what'd he do know he'd look the right
smashed and he did a backflip into the
war but kill hold underneath and then
popped up the other side so he doing he
didn't go dude what happened you're back
I'm Korean air yeah the next I don't
think I want to reenact that now okay so
that was really serious because as you
can tell the boat has a sail but we're
right off as I say that because I just
kept going up there but it has a motor
too and he pretty much got sucked right
under the boat and
I don't know like everyone just pretty
that was a legit like Man Overboard so
hardship oh that is a pirate ship
yeah definite not wasn't clear that
those creepy bugs again anyway so we
just got back today with a long long day
we're gonna go to dinner it's you know
what's really funny is like I feel like
it's like 10 or 11 o'clock at night and
it's only 8 maybe 9 so we're gonna go
with some dinner to reminder for those
who have no idea what's going on with
the contest basically make sure you're
following Ali and myself on Twitter and
do that secret code every single day
we're gonna have a secret code if you
don't have any idea who we are by the
way my name is Charles and my fiancee
Allie's Becca our links are in the sub
mark like the hot tub they're like hedge
the Hedgehog
types a Hedgehog you said Hedgehog it's
been a long day yeah I know it's been a
long day those are hedgehogs girl time
you can't see that's Olga she's here
from California dark in here we have
mood lighting I might eat like ants or
something oh god the silly band tree
well it's dark at a star
hey dad why are you yawning
he's Charles Charles trippin with Marley
Zoe and his fiancee Allie you can watch
this channel we need a decision from the
Internet
