crab crab get you hey hey hey hey
it's funny like we were just talking
there like spiders but here in Jamaica
there's just crabs like you'll be
walking down the little sidewalk into
crab crab okay so my slogan for Jamaica
going to Jamaica
we have crabs also I know my Jamaican
accent is terrible I've only been here a
day give me a give me a minute I'll work
on it
she's pretty good at accents you guys
know that so she'll get it sure you get
it now we got to go find where
everyone's at break fast I see I love I
love how this cameras contrast is like
so bright everything's just so green so
we're at breakfast with Dan and Phil
hello guys and well I'm not yet wait
there we go and what are you guys eating
today first time there we go see now
we're ready to go wakeboarding won't
ruin our cameras look at how he's got a
pink one we're matching I challenge you
to a camera dual cameras walk I do a
dual up a camera walk off so we are
currently waiting to go surfing
skateboarding and wakeboarding what the
keyword is waiting but waiting right now
el are you gonna learn how to surf what
are you gonna do Nadine
oh is that the only one sweet yeah you
know my Billa catch that right there I
should do a little counter at the end of
the corner like in the corner of the
video of every time we all fall down
yeah we should have like a okay in the
comments now do a guess on how many
times you think this us three right here
just us three are gonna fall down
collectively did you just lose me and
rock-paper-scissors I just won a match
across every scissors for the first time
ever it is you excited yeah how you
excited you scared all right what are
you doing basically don't have enough
people I mean we don't have enough boats
for all the people so he'll he
volunteered actually should she beat me
finally at rock-paper-scissors yeah so
she's got fun with that don't fall off
al the other boat we're gonna be towed
behind the boat the whole time but I
actually really excited it's gonna be
good yeah it's Hercules
your name's Hercules no it's not
Hercules haha that's great I'm doing
alright I'm in paradise man I'm doing
but I'm doing fine so as you know or
bike link to that footage now Ali is
currently on a rack
way over there I don't know if you can
see her so we'll just cut through the
footage now
haha
I swear our drivers being a little
sneaky snake
Oh
and that has been caught on foot and now
they play the waiting game okay so
you're pretty extreme there I have to
say not too shabby
was that the ride of your life right
there where's Sophie oh how you feeling
yeah so this is what happened ripped
good luck guys
hello everyone
hey there Cadiz he got one of my silly
bands well when did you get the rabbit
yeah I don't wanna hit I'm gonna hit
your boat now you got a rope
you got an engine there hold on you see
that did you see welcome back little
Explorer you found jellyfish they might
jump the kayak with ally in it
the director over there I've just been
informed that Sam the wait water I'm
gonna jump over me while I'm in retired
billboard
okay I'm a little scared
the Sam is going to try to jump over Ali
in the kayak okay
oh shit have it on excellent
lay downtown
good job you making a great ramp honey
gonna go to Charles to wakeboard hi
Sophie there Sophie looking gorgeous
over there just hanging it up working on
the tan you know oh my god you totally
gonna fish out of that yeah cause I
swear she has on clothes where attempt
number one wait for day Sam's trying to
explain this to me
should I try to jump you and I'm just
kidding no it's Chaucer's
here goes Charles about to stack it go
baby
ha
you like so good boys you make such a
good couple
this is your camera so if you want to do
Oh
it's a good kind of crazy
safety of land real life so that's the
good news
yeah no no
oh yeah gangsta yeah
that was a great time thank you for
showing us around
it was lovely and the last part was
crazy good good very good thank you man
take care so we made it back alive I
really was very concerned I really was
very concerned for my life it was
frightening all the way back I see you
face a burn my my little red hi guys
you have a little red so we're just back
from the boat and we're gonna get some
lunch and then I don't know what else
we're gonna do we're in Jamaica so you
know that fried plantains what are those
oh these are so good
basically it's like a banana what the
cousin to a banana alright so this is
what we have Beaumont is dubbed what is
this the Jamaican Long Island it has
like every type of rum possible grab
crab looks like crabs acts like people
crappy but we're here to check out the
pool
yeah all right you ever what every
camera it's awesome you gonna kill
yourself all right are you ready
you've gotta get it's really funny
because this angle looks like there's
water above water Suns going down
alright guys well we're winding down
gonna go to bed tomorrow's gonna be over
you know we're doing tomorrow we're off
cliffs or cliff diving so you guys are
like wait Charles where's the secret
password phrase of Awesome ooh burn is
today's awesome phrase is going to be
Jeremy the octopus that's right Jeremy
the octopus so if you guys don't know
what that means look in the description
click there and can you hear me now look
in the description now and you will see
all the information that you need to do
for Jeremy the octopus can when you're
free camera so I will see you guys
tomorrow
good night I have a smile on my face I'm
so burned aren't you guys proud of my
wakeboarding this is that word
wakeboarding us it's pretty awesome
right
come on first time first time one to ten
scale how did I do
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley Sumi and his fiancee Allie
what are your decision from the internet
