morning Internet so we are on our way to
Jamaica we're just checking it right now
it's not too busy that's good that's
good sign I think it's gonna be a short
trip
I think the flights aren't gonna have an
ass but are we gonna weigh the luggage
330 pounds
and everybody take it off there we go we
are good look at that
dude dude dude are you gonna be dead
later you're gonna be super super woman
you look like David played and the David
claims to use like
seventy-eight I love I think that's like
my favorite voice did you notice that
and I do like the movie guy like
on everything is like would you like do
the bathroom do you have to go tinkle
heading to Miami and then Miami - where
do we fly in Montego Bay it's gonna be
awesome we got a window seat so we can
actually see it guys always touch the
side of the plane with your was it right
hand the right side of the plane with
the right hand
ally always does that so it does this
yeah I think I was watching when I Shea
he was saying that you have to do that
too so when you fly you always have to
touch the right side of the plane
you know what it means you're a baby no
it means you're gonna be a super fast
runner difficut for
okay so that was like the shortest
flight how long was it out at least it
was literally we went up leveled out and
then there were like okay were landings
it was like 20 25 minutes on the promise
that just like you can't wait to see
granite land window which is like well
there is a lot of congestion and doesn't
your friend drives she's more she
actually does the tug as a perk time
shot while she's in school we really
think about calling everybody the planes
quicker just essentially a shortest
plane I would actually know if anyone's
ever had a shorter flight in 20 minutes
because that's the big grades this looks
cool don't know so we got the aisle seat
or the exit row or over the wing so we
get so over the wing so we can show you
how awesome they look service you see
there was like five or six or six I was
really weird it's kind of intimidating I
don't know why all right you guys
remember those shoes that we showed you
with a local fail okay look at this this
is the best slogan for the shoes
like to force on my buddy that I don't
like look at that wave out there do you
see that
where's the Landrieu's
yeah we are we are like a couple hundred
feet over the line
I was like okay we're getting
so we're here in Montego Bay and we're
just gonna go through the immigration
step what I've got a piece get a tinkle
okay you can go there take my bag oh man
where is it they just moved to carousel
so it's somewhere in this area
wait we're not in the United States
anymore
branches
that's so strange
that actually makes me wonder like why
is the United States on the left side
and like every other country I mean on
the left side like every country is on
the right
so what are the benefits of being on
this side and that's the airport we just
landed at right there
gives you the best musical selections
that's gorgeous see you guys
Google Jamaica no or in Jamaica yeah
look at this
this is our take us out this is pretty
awesome look at that guy's this is
dedication the first 30 minutes we just
traveled to Jamaica and I'm like Ali we
have to upload the vlog so I'm making
Ellie we're gonna go try to find some
Wi-Fi in this uncle and upload the vlog
because I already know it's late I'm
sorry a little a little bit of leeway
we're out here cuz uh apparently Jamaica
Jamaica is like an hour behind Eastern
time zone because I think it's because
what
yeah the United States has daylight
savings wait does other countries it's
just the United States right yeah do you
guys have daylight savings oh yeah grab
that is a crab why is there crab doesn't
this look awesome just so cool and right
over there the vlog is uploading the
Internet is like slower than the cruise
lines so we'll see how long this night
actually existed and I roasted four and
a half hours so I decided to come closer
to the router and uh you know I can't
really complain with this view you know
I think this is better than eat outside
hey Allie she's exploring what I'm stuck
at the computer all right you found
Nadine where is she she's air
conditioning for Ian all right so now
that you guys are probably like five
minutes in this video and you're like
why is Charles going to Jamaica long
story short the people at Sanyo the guys
who do this camera the xacti the Sanyo
xacti asked Ali and I if we wanted to
come out here and test this camera in
Jamaica it's a waterproof camera so
they're like why don't we go to Jamaica
and do some watersports and of course
you know Ali and I like to travel so
much really
we'll go okay so here's the cool thing
we're gonna be here until the 2nd of
August doing a bunch of crazy stuff in
this look at this look beautiful that is
we're gonna be here hot humid but
beautiful Jamaica playing with this
camera now before you're like oh trolls
just throw it out man
what are you doing the product
endorsements here's the cool thing all
right you guys are gonna like this every
day for the next seven days we're gonna
have a secret hashtag code ooh burn Asst
of awesome phrase that we're gonna say
somewhere in the video and the key is
don't tell everyone in the comments you
might be asking why why let me wait wave
my finger like this the reason is
because every day while right here we
will be giving away a sanyo xacti camera
to you guys hey so it's very important
that you guys don't tell the secret
password
I don't know what are they called secret
password awesomeness of goobers on it
whatever don't say it in the comments
because what you're gonna have to do is
I'll put it on the screen or I'll say it
and you're gonna have to at reply ally
myself with that password or passphrase
of awesome awareness or whatever we're
gonna pick somebody at random you could
be in New Zealand you could be in Japan
doesn't matter its worldwide and we will
send you a sanyo xacti camera for free
that's pretty awesome see we're always
thinking of you guys what are we
thinking if you're not pumped you should
be pumped because you know why that's
the bathroom I don't know why you should
be pumped why is this so humid into the
bathrooms like somebody's shower and
that's a safe that's a canopy at any
rate we're gonna still be doing the vlog
so we're gonna giving away cameras we're
gonna be doing some awesome stuff we
have this professional surfer skim
border kiteboarder we got some youtubers
here that you might know you already saw
alpha cat and lisa lavie but there's
other ones who anyway I'm gonna go enjoy
this now the video is uploaded I told
you guys what's going on I hope you guys
are excited you know what you should do
you should write in the comments since
you can't do the password of uber
awesomeness you can make just pops
explain X makes a question one
explanation explanations that we know
you were so excited you couldn't do all
the explanations there's a explanations
you know what I'm talking about
okay so we're filming on the does that
oh there's a queue spring cool because
it has like weather or you can't see it
but there's a viewfinder but yeah I just
wanted to show you guys the novel around
the sunset this camera is really good
like colors it's pretty sweet oh God
it grabs your very why are you scared of
this why you is scared
look I could drop this in the water and
not worry about it what I will I will
buy you lots of drinks as you can drink
at the age of 18 if you put your finger
in front of that crab I'm just kidding
out what you two what are the hoes whose
shoes what probably pretty bad there's a
lot of rocks Hey look look
Wow right there the color looks so good
wait let it focus
it's got like an autofocus there cuz
that looks really good doesn't she look
beautiful
oh the kind of thing we're gonna do a
collective all in the comments ready one
two three ah there we go
wait what you need glasses maybe four
eyes why can you not read you can't see
I'm gonna push you in look at if you
fell crap go Jason go to it yeah Oh
Jason what is he really oh hi go
swimming
I don't you what you just like
spider-man that that's awesome
that's pretty coconut hey sexy what you
doing over there with your fancy new
camera I'm being all cinematographer
like look it you're being
cinematographic yes I'm tryin to be all
fancy with this shot
take that James Cameron stairway to
water whatever you ever seen a stair
going to water right there oh I'm
impressed this is a pretty good man oh
you diseased eyeballs
oh why are we so fascinated by a little
crab you guys see that
right there those little do-hickey think
Sally thinks those are like trilobite
flop fossils but they look like no no I
mean they they really do okay now she's
trying to be all like James Cameron
mmm look at that fanciness and I don't
know if you can hear it but there's
there's an ocean although wait maybe and
what are all these why do I need the
knife in the fork okay screw the spoon
the surface seems excessive because
they're already going for the dessert
oh wow this looks I was so good
explain where we're going in the bright
light right now Cougar Town
who are who is cougar town's basically
they met some interesting folk here at
the resort and we're gonna go crash the
party and have fun
hey guys okay so I almost forgot day one
of these dak to give away okay so I have
to be quiet because there's somebody in
the villa next door that like it was
kind of late the secret word I can't
remember do not type it in the comments
because it just lessens your chance of
winning what you need to do is at reply
Ally speed and me so what's on the
screen with the hashtag super awesome
secret word that's it and make sure
you're following both of us on Twitter
because if you're not
we can't DM you to tell you you went and
then one I'm tired so if you want more
description in the little sub bar down
there we don't know where we're going
but we're going to Cougar Town hold on I
got a light yes there we go super bright
blinding everyone
or ascending the steps in a scary land
this is weird
you having fun this is like the photo on
the website actually what a good dad you
guys are good for monkeys you guys hear
the bugs it's not loud they're so crazy
we should end the vlog right there that
was amazing
he's Charles Charles trippin with Marley
and his fiancee Allie
