I'm getting toys out that you guys gave
us yesterday and look at this one it's
like wide you know what it's for me I
know that for me here my I know she
loves that thing look what Zoe yes what
Zoe let's do it Oh what does this I have
but you don't even want it it's like no
I just want to be cute oh my god I know
you got yours already Zoe hey Marlee is
missing so we have to do the little
tactic
there's only thing you listen for isn't
it yes you guys can see I don't know if
you can even hear me I'll put you guys
in the ziplock bag this pretty wet it's
raining pretty hard no I'm just you know
I worked out so hard I'm just sweating
this much actually running the rain is
awesome is it what actually still
running with me I feel like you guys
just gave up hope you didn't let me know
in the comments if you did you know this
is really cool I love I love this giant
like influx in like health on YouTube
like Phil Shay people are actually doing
these health vlogs and I think it's
really awesome that was really good
because you know a lot of people say
like oh you're on the computer all the
time you're totally unhealthy now you
can use it as motivation you know what I
mean are you singing over here she knows
we're at dog Beach really gonna try to
find that poop cuz she rolls then well
chase the bird this last couple days
have been like really busy we thought
we'd just take a nice little relaxing
day go to the D the D be the dog beach
it looks like you're in the pool pool
the giant the world's pool you're in the
world pool right now okay sorry about
that I was dying yes so yesterday kid
named Chad his name I think is mr.
blippi mr. boogie five or something like
that he gave us this little thing we
were supposed to hide at Universal but I
completely forgot so we're gonna do is
we're gonna hide a few but we'll hide it
here and then you guys can find it at
this place quit peeing everywhere G go
get it out go get it go get it
wait is that the stick from New York
for such we're such nerds we literally
drag that thing across the country was
like hermit crab getting your feet - I I
know
Marley's crab hunting money you find
another hermit crab is that what she's
doing what is it oh no it's raining
Ellie and I were just talking the smells
on this thing it's like crazy
this is probably like a million years of
smells Marley and it's late Oh way to go
pass right over it range like five
seconds and then stops so cool the water
looks when it rains
I know I don't know if it's coming
through on a video but it's pretty
awesome-looking Marley in the water
which doesn't like the water on Lake so
you like it though
stop draining he's still coming right
yep no more rain blew over I think
Marley is broken been doing this for 20
minutes
that dog is just missus is leak okay
really Marley
looks like we're bringing that rock home
now that's a crab okay yeah bird got it
get in from the inside
poor ol crabby it looks like a ferret I
don't know it was there we make the
video I have crabs why he's completely
burnt a them from the inside out
poor little guy bury him so you can have
well there's no people mortalized on the
Internet don't eat that Marley check out
what - crap I think she just peed in the
war all right piast you the crab I want
a name Oscar
about I want to say ten years are great
they're a little bad man thing is that
used to be called the Atari info shop
and used to be a place where they had
bands and things that's why I saw lane
Meyer and a band called humble
beginnings we did this before humble
beginnings there's like oh saying that's
Gabe from Cobra starships so I I saw
them oh man I was sixth grade so that's
in more than 10 years isn't it it's a
lot I don't even know how many years
that is I can't do math but yeah that's
where it was I was eleven maybe I don't
know a long time a long time ago and of
Sarasota far far away actually you know
it's really funny to like we played with
the yellow card down it down where we
just weren't Sarasota called Monterey
deli I don't know if you guys are from
Sarasota these are all regos Sarasota
has a lot of bands that's for sure
during a lot of you were asking why
we're going to Jamaica because we
haven't actually said why well I really
don't think I should tell you guys I
really think we should like wait until
like a Tuesday we're going to test a
brand new waterproof camera yeah we were
asked to test a Brady waterproof camera
and all this price sounds really weird
not only are we gonna go test it if you
guys are gonna feel the footage but we
have a special surprise every single day
for you guys so make sure you're
subscribed and watching every single day
finally hey dobe the ASP is raining as
you can see it's been raining on and off
all day putting everyone in a sleep coma
or a rain coma like that feeling where
everyone is just raining and you just
fall asleep the worst it's like when it
rains in the morning
you're like you know you can hear the
rain outside your window and you just
don't want to get up so you sleep in
till like 4:00 in the afternoon it's
kind of what's going on the last couple
days just because it's been raining
constantly literally Ali fell asleep in
like three minutes we seriously are
three minutes away there she's got like
narcolepsy we're having to get all the
malar supplies because we have winners
actually we actually have oh all you
guys who won emailed us back to the
reason why we didn't say anything so we
have to mail that out before we leave
tomorrow so this is the only woman they
have in stock and it's like at least the
size of one to two and a half Ali's
alright so I'm just packing the winners
right now and I thought I'd announce the
the winning photos actually you know
what let me finish back in this little
to that it'll take five seconds we're
actually know what three and we're back
look at that
i teleported in my car oh yeah so I'm
just going to go mail out everything
right now before we leave in the morning
and I just wanted to show you guys the
winners the ones this was a really hard
contest to choose from but these are the
ones that we felt either made us laugh
or went oh that's cute
I give you the winners accompanied by me
singing awesomely beginning montage now
the only reason for this part of the
song is with anything I didn't have
enough time to show off the photos in
the winners so I had to do this now by a
couple seconds okay I'm done cuz I like
strong bad god
so yeah those were the winners congrats
to everyone and actually you know what I
want you guys to tell me in the comments
which one was your favorite you could
just tell me their name in the comments
are you kidding me oh oh my god I'm
gonna lose a finger
sweet hey Joker lambs day booger
flavor venture into this Bertie Botts
every flavor beans flavor with a you by
the way so let me show me which one
detergent don't smell like a pepper yeah
it's like a bell pepper are you fighting
this like finding out what's up can give
it to me
oh my god oh my god looks like a taste
that you can aerates up to your nostrils
through you're like oh my god that is
like I don't know we're done that's like
right oh it's right next that's what it
is
are you even up how are you eating that
it's really gross I almost Pierre Robert
see that one I thought might be pepper
but I don't know this we've been doing
all these little google / whatever
Easter eggs this is cool and somebody
found on youtube if you go to the
YouTube the new player here I'll show it
to you if you basically go to the new
player and you hit play it's playing
right hit pause then hold the left arrow
for like three or four seconds 1 2 3
you can play snake pretty awesome did
you screw up you have to do again one to
play again play cause one to well you
guys can figure it out it does work
though
like corn maybe what he's eating the one
that I like almost pure egg yeah oh I
don't know why it is just not oh I
wanted to show you one more little
secret Easter egg this one's on Google
this one actually you guys told me if
you go to Google and then you type in
nice twister mat if you type in X X -
hacker then you hit and I'm feeling
lucky it turns everything on Google if
it wants to do it dudududu all Lee the
FIDE see everything's all elite hacks or
so that's another little fun one time to
go finish packing you're getting lazy
with holding your own toys these Charles
Charles trapping with Morley
