so we are you in a war zone Justin quit
playing with your we don't think there's
a dog on so Ali is trying to pick a
winner or six six winners and hopefully
by the end of the night we will have a
winner of the ultimate h2o for canine
challenge I'm gonna go running it's
raining it's really what the hell is on
her head I want that hair no you do have
you got it you haven't done it okay
we're gonna do this for those just
joining me I have a video a long time
ago I discovered that these right here I
swear this is not a product endorsement
but these right here and dog feet smell
identical okay so first smell okay yeah
the bottom part take a pad pad okay
we're down the town ten alleys seriously
having us
you guys are adorable though these are
really good photos okay they're both
having like stress attacks right now
boys jealous that we're looking another
dog photos they look at me I'm much
cooler and much cooler Marley you gotta
get other way you can't always be in the
attention of people so my good friend
make me bad 35 Damian replied this video
I'm showing Ally its vibe ankle filter
is inevitable relax
apparently the drummer looks like no you
tell me yes look at that it's Charles I
think guys that mean that is you baby my
doppelganger don't feel me don't feel me
is it well it's gotten a lot worse you
look at it Oh buddy you gotta calm down
you're not a familiar one of those
happening poor Tyson was attacked by and
ripped his face but he loves lamp so you
protect your brother yeah it looks like
you just like turning on a lamp
well you can see that they went straight
for his neck oh my gosh tight
I wonder how is a satellite reception is
right now no no you can fight here all
better you have anything to say to the
Internet you know - reminds me of like
this one of those like spitting
dinosaurs from Jurassic Park that kind
of like they're like 80 pound dogs you
just want this toy Kobe you're right
buddy
you are like the Joker yeah you're not -
ferocious there lamb Jay it's high tide
just calm down
are you tired okay go to bed
you got your guru dougie pills he's
gonna pass out right on camera
good night lampshade cuz your face all
Thai that looks worse yeah I think we're
leaving like no yeah in August there a
good boy can I see it oh geez
little Joker alright let's see how this
do can eat
can you eat you can eat can't ya yeah so
now he's got is like a little like food
shelter so Coby can't eat it yeah this
is gonna be interesting
lose it around no other dogs can get it
I think Marley would kill for something
light oh good boy he's a tough little
guy isn't he
okay you got you got a scar there he'd
get a little scar there there's your
knee surgery you just want a hardcore
dog aren't you
Oh doh doh doh doh doh doh doh doh doh
doh doh yep he's making progress
it's like he's checking out that doesn't
like all this leaf is delicious thought
it was my girlfriend look at he is
eating it look at him Oh baby you so
sexy look at this this is my very first
cell phone
you know microphone oh hi Kobe first
phone most recent phone now that's
technology right there here's my second
so this is like the size of it isn't
this like this was that my own nice
little ring but this is like the cell
phone this is what they have for
handsets in the house now aren't they
this this makes me Boober uber leet with
all you hack stores now yeah look at
that that's an old-school power pad you
guys remember this laser challenge it
was like basically laser tag when it was
popular in the late eighties 90s
whatever was want to play this so that's
my mom was at the 60s 71 71 for 70 we're
just basically trying to go through this
mess this is like this is the storage
room basically as been Melissa for those
of you guys who remember starting
lineups that's Frank Thomas's rookie
starting lineup like a I used to collect
this I know I have a whole bunch of them
actually there's Iceman's board oh my
gosh look who this is it's April O'Neil
with missing her hand and her leg look
at this old photo allergist found Zoe
all muddy
you have put your hair in your mouth
muddy Zoey so these are some of the
photos my dad was on tour where were you
not in here there's well there's Greg
Allman right there
and what's that vibrating there's my dad
he's over there that's her that's one of
your old tour buses right yeah
see this is what bands need to start
touring in now double-decker tour buses
that's awesome actually oh there's my
dad my mom I don't know if you guys
remember Ally myself wearing this shirt
but that's Greg Allman this is what
actually this shirt came it went from
Greg Allman to you to me to you okay
that's me I don't even hold it I am an
out here one year okay how did you
recognize that shirt you wear this shirt
isn't that weird isn't that viewed Ally
found old funny looking kid in suspense
axillary stickers it's like a treasure
chest in here no no try it do it
it's gum try it want some gum grab some
gum old school AFI patch okay let's just
take a little look at this photo they're
playing the old Atari football game and
I think they are both stoned there's
that shirt again my first t-shirt and
this is my old dog Alex this is actually
the dog that yeah right here she was a
little badass like her and Zoe would
probably totally rule the world
okay this tree is probably about ten
feet up in the air and she would
literally jump every morning and get an
orange and eat an orange every single
day it's a small one of that yep so this
is my first car accident which was not
my fault as you can see the guy yeah
basically ran out in front of me and hit
my car like a jerk I call this temper
Kobe with two for all
Marty Morphin Power Rangers I meant ok
the Power Rangers are definitely racist
they had to have been racist so yeah
that's that's that's Tyson he's doing a
lot better as you can see we're thinking
about what names we should call now a
conehead lampshade to face will use a
Joker Joker but a lot of people have
been asking what kind of dogs attacked
my mom Cobie Tyson and Ali and I ever
really really looked reluctant on
exactly like telling you guys because I
didn't want you guys to get the wrong
idea
so but basically they were two pitbulls
there were two pitbulls before he
started saying that in the comments pit
bulls are look this is why I was really
afraid because I think pit bulls are the
sweetest dogs and tasting it for example
like you know like people are always
like pit bulls are so evil they just
want to kill bla bla that's that's a bad
ownership and like the clear-cut example
would be you look at Tyson he's the most
docile loving sweet dog and I was just
so afraid because I don't want to give
pitbulls a bad rep Ali used to be
basically rehabilitated you would get
those kind of dogs yeah owners who
didn't want to put their dogs down but
if their dog accidentally bit their kid
or something happened they would take
the dogs and we had some really
aggressive dogs and one of the nicest
dogs that I ever worked with was a
pitbull and it had had a bad
relationship with its owner but we took
it in and raised it and it was one of
them
dogs I've ever worked right and so
that's why we were really scared on
saying that because I with my experience
I've never really came across a really
aggressive pit bull I don't personally
believe that any dog is born any more
aggressive and that's a training it's
the owner yeah definitely is the
socialization cuz like if you see the
pit bulls that are chained outside
they're obviously not treated well and
you know it's really interesting when
moving when I've always moved they I
always think they're you pet friendly
and it's always so interesting they're
like yes your dog is not on the AKC
blacklist if you google for an AKC
blacklist it'll take you to the America
was American Kennel Association Club I
think it's done on an aka that's a good
you'll see that on their website they're
like there is no such thing as a bad dog
there's this bad honor so Marley should
be on the black stop just kidding
Marley is more of a jerk no but I'm
serious like barley is more aggressive
that aggressive as in like mean like
she'll hurt somebody but more of a
little bitch a little bitch than any
pitbull that I've ever met so I don't
know I hope you guys this isn't like I
know this is long-winded again but like
the reason why we just want to make sure
to explain because we didn't want to say
oh yeah two pitbulls attacked them
because I didn't want I didn't want
people to think that because you guys
probably have pit bulls in the comments
if you have pimples let me know cuz
there's probably a lot of you guys some
thumbs up for some pit bulls so Melissa
gave Halle these little silly bear
you can't like $7 rubber bands is crazy
and you are now making the internet
watch you balance a salt shaker you are
welcome
my dad watching Annoying Orange
Dame made a fan of my father since you
guys have been telling us a little
Google Secrets we have another one for
you go to google.com this website go
yeah you know Skynet calm fine Chuck
Norris I am feeling lucky
it's true you can't find Chuck Norris
run before he finds you he's Charles
Charles champion with Marley Surrey and
his fiancee Allie you can watch a
decision
