I know everyone likes to complain about
when YouTube changes things like you
know they changed the YouTube channel
layout and then the video layout but I
have to hand it to them on this one this
is probably the coolest thing and I've
been waiting this for like for this for
a long time
real-time chat comments it's like
basically a chatroom if you look if
you're watching this video you're
probably wise why are you such the why
is the comment section like moving what
was that oh mr lee like why is the
comment section moving distracted sorry
but you're probably like oh the comments
they're moving oh my god no it's so cool
cuz now if you look once the camera
focuses it's basically like a chatroom
now we can have real-time conversations
on the videos so this is really awesome
I'm really stoked YouTube
good job good job now what should we
talk about down there we're moving down
man boobies honestly what do you guys
think about the real-time comment
feature I for one have to give it five
fingers up for sure PS how many of you
guys aren't even watching this video
right now you just scroll down looking
at all the comments be honest be honest
cuz I just found myself doing that now
how many of you just scrolled up because
I said that yeah we're gonna bring all
the merch down the Sarasota because we
didn't have time to do it here so we
have to lug it all down there so you
guys get your shirts in time and
basically okay I don't know it I got
this little like at this little hard
drive this little portable thing and
it's being weird watch what happens to
my computer my computer it closes every
time I try to open it I don't get it
okay somebody told me to type in sexy
Snape you know Snape from Harry Potter
and then hit I'm feeling lucky alright
check this one out
- sexy for my love - 64 miles going
today
okay so I come out of the bathroom
Charles is filming something right now
in the other room I come out of the
bathroom you had to pick the spot where
all of my freakin clean clothes are
didn't you
you just had to set the only place
available on this whole freaking bed is
right here she's laying on my clean
clothes
honestly this made me poop myself so we
bring your dogs here to pack your dogs
beer okay so you can get what's wrong
with it you're already drunk look at
those ears don't keep
have you guys ever seen that episode of
The Simpsons where Bart goes into a
public like bathroom like like a truck
stop and go comes out with it comes out
with like mom mom
they have balloons in the bathroom and
turns out the D condoms I'll be honest
when I was little of the same thing be
honest so I figured since we're doing
this dry for about five hours I'd start
looking through more of these uh you
guys near your dogs looking really
thirsty I don't even know how we're
gonna be able take this I don't know
close to a thousand submissions there's
there's some right there but um I must
say you guys are really creative there's
another one the girl look is dead and
it's a wiener dog I getting it down but
we'll try to announce tomorrow I think
we're gonna try to do it tomorrow I
think I know people have seen the video
and I'm sorry if you have a cat can
you're like oh I have a cat why can't I
do it well it's meant for dogs that will
do a cat one later I guess but
but I will try to announce in tomorrow's
vlog cool wine and I will show you the
winners sleepy dogs listening to the
techmount here's another funny one
because that's what zoe does with her
tongue
I have no idea how you got down there
dog and why did you kick her off are you
guys switching swords clearing out my
inboxes and I saw the craziest thing in
the world it's not the craziest thing in
the book but I got an email apparently
from the past it was like Doc it was
like December 31st 1969 I couldn't open
it though
is that amazing would that be a baby if
it was like me the future going back in
the past to warn me present about
something that's gonna happen to me in
the future I think it's like the premise
of Back to the Future
that makes sense I think that made sense
I gotta figure out open that email he
goes Marty go
this is honestly my favorite game now on
the iPhone and it's called like modern
not modern warfare it's like modern
combat sandstorm okay no this is this is
awesome
no but if you guys actually had this
game my game loft live username is just
Charles Trippy just add me and I I will
pone you watch like I'm gonna pawn these
guys
BAM pwned a bow pwned them both
giraffe pimp started recording that
she's got a big bruise on that from
falling
that's Justin Bieber right now it's like
stone loops fight it Ally fight it by
hits
speaking of iPhone games did you
actually know that they remove this I
told Ali they remove stone leaves from
the iPhone yeah the apple start removed
it and it'll suck sides delete it off my
computer now I can never have it again
our addiction our first iPhone addiction
it's okay I have another one called
doodle jump
that's funny the double rainbow guy
alright guys I'm gonna go to bed it's
I'm kind of tired now a lot of traveling
stuff like that but I'm gonna leave you
guys with a little debate I'm noticing
now that the the comments I look like an
idiot at the beginning because the
comments aren't doing the real-time
scrolling as they were earlier right
Marley no they're not so I'm gonna leave
if they are on this is gonna be really
fun
I'm gonna leave you guys with this
heated debate which is better goldeneye
64 or goldeneye the movie I'm gonna
leave you on that one
I'm gonna leave you on that little the
treasure goodnight disgust and I'll see
you tomorrow
Oh bonus time how annoyed are you guys
with the fact that Daniel Craig is now
the new golden eye and the golden eye
remake for the Wii what what what what
but seriously what and now I leave you a
picture of Marley pooping good night
sorry Marley I have to do it
hey I just wanted to say thank you guys
for all your love to support with my mom
coping tyson regarding the dog attack a
couple days ago my little sister
uploaded a video on her channel showing
you what happened to tyson if you want
to check it out just click here or go to
youtube.com slash to Mel thank you again
and don't worry everyone safe Oh see you
guys tomorrow he's Charles Charles
champion with Miley and his fiancee
Allie
