oh good morning baby my god you're
broken was your broken your broken here
this car says we've watered for 20 and
it's tag is actually for twenty as well
it's delicious watches sweet this is
very delicious just one I guess they're
really obsessed with 420 over there
she's high that Greg chick is totally
high it's got an eyeball in the front
since we leave actually we leave in
Tallahassee tomorrow actually when you
watch this today I gotta go get a
haircut cuz you guys were saying I'm
starting to look a little bit on the
hobo side so I shaved my beard and I
want to get my haircut and um yeah just
think you're one character I'm just
gonna get a single a single strand of
hair cut and then we'll be done had a
crazy science teacher I used to say Oh
mr. friend did you get your hair cut can
you go not good old cut is that all
you're actually sounded like idea he was
really oh really and every time he was
gonna teach us something new he would
say all right boys and girls let me
learn you something yeah that was your
teacher that's EDX you do not her ok ok
ok yeah our schedule is gonna be kind of
crazy so we leave here the regards now
we're landl gathering on the
twenty-fourth then the 26 through the
second or third will be in Jamaica um
then we come home and then we go back
we're going to Vegas for Ally's birthday
and I guess I am just thinking that same
teacher got arrested for resisting an
officer with violence and he was like 76
and this is your teacher it wasn't my
teacher really got arrested oh ok 55
nice cape dude
he's like doing the twilight themed
gotta do hair cut like honey I know I
don't go much like a hobo look so cute I
love your hair I can't see you I can't
see ya oh my neighbors have to eat us
crazy bitches we're going to the dog
park d part for short that's the cool
way to say that's what the cool kids are
saying the D park we got our h2o so the
dogs don't dehydrate right right yeah
that's right we're prepared the video
has only been out by don't even know a
couple hours and there's already a
couple I think there's like 400 um
submissions for the h2o for canine
bottles so we're gonna have to go
through that letters evening and try to
do so oh my god there are some really
really i'll show you guys are the ones
that win there's been some really funny
ones i've always said the CTFxC army is
a bunch of creative people you get it
hot on test this out 16 oh hi camera
dropped you again still recording let's
see how this thing does see if it
hydrates you hey guys look I'm Scullion
here you go say what is different but i
like it and then i have the water for
myself want to share you never drink
look at that you never drink out of
bottles and you're actually doing you're
a little hot there what you cow but the
moment of truth all right I'm just I'm
just gonna do it I'm gonna try the
hottest fucking sauce today I'm gonna do
it I was putting it off I was hoping you
guys would forget but a lot of people in
the comments were like you go to do the
hood so it's you big wimp um so yeah I'm
gonna try but I need oh darn I don't
have any milk I guess I won't try it
today final vote
start dry I'm glad that song done on
camera right there you heard first ally
a meeting yeah that's just annoying I
really don't know what I'm doing I'm
attorney haven't either I don't know
where we're going said ask him to my
neighbor need freaked out he thought I
might like preparation h Holly actually
said y'all today too I want to make that
word yet oh I get it right this is right
um yes I'm just buying some time because
I really don't want to try that hot
fucking sauce I like saying that though
hot fuck it's like as good as that one
to Al Gore sauce that I ever show you
guys that one can I have a GD n rice for
you a scoop of birthday cake ice cream
in a cake conference whether it's a new
beau and that's it thank you that's a
lupa stopping me mess up Marley is like
I want that now oh look at this photo I
just took creepy dog she's just like
looking at meg please could you tell her
to give it to me check it out see it's
not scary check it out my mark that's
scary too okay well if it's scared oh
it's okay mom are before shot pissed off
shot so glowy all right why would a
truth how much you think it's like safe
to eat out like now like a shot of it
okay let's fuck it why are you in the
fucking hospital I fucking hot sauce
smart ass no it's the name I swear they
prepared with ultra good I hear no
thanks Brad action those are the two
things that and napkins somebody says to
put the napkin to absorb the oils hmm
watch this is anyone's it
nicest sauce though he's afraid she'd
look she's hiding behind me is gary was
scared I don't know what to see oops um
cuz what what did I on ghost peppers and
a ghost pepper the hottest have an arrow
no I thought it was like this weird
ghost pepper this has habanero all right
spot don't smell it smart it it smells
like nothing i feel like i can do a
bunch of this no Charles no a tiny bit
yeah look at how slimy did that's been
stay in your mouth forever that's enough
is that too much that's plenty for
everyone in the comments go ahead right
now cuz I know you're gonna do it right
pussy oh my gosh I'm we see on your
tongue hot yet oh yeah weird sawing
noises o.o once he gets tobacco that's
why maniacal laugh Charmander your
bracket k breathe yeah yeah no I listen
I have a friend who did a shot of the
hottest asset to you want ahead go to
the hospital so that's why I told him
not to do very much because I really
don't want to do that I feel like I can
do more we're gonna double thought about
nothing he can't talk here 41
wait for it did you look at his face I
anymore no more I'm taking it away
goodbye good night I wasn't gonna stop
okay we're gonna do a scan I only went
to go well that's way too much
look at this look what we found what
great they look who I found oh my god
don't catch him what are you doing oh my
god go put it on Charles I will freak
out of people another girl oh my god if
you put that on him i will love you
forever serious that was the fastest
I've ever seen you read yeah you wait
till you're brave man holy shit she just
called out with a bare hands bye yeah
that's true wait I fighting cock crows
he's Charles Charles trippin with Marley
Zoe and his fiance alley you can watch
it on this channel we need a decision
from the internet
