oh it's gonna be one of those days I was
trying to upload Ali's chubby bunny
video and it crashed with eight minutes
left so Tay July twentieth two thousand
ten I'm giving you guys a reason to
thumb this video up ready Lindsay Lohan
goes to jail you have to thumb up now
you have to you basically have to or you
can just thumb up for this cute dog so
what do you think now that Lindsay Lohan
is in jail she went to jail today she
went to jail what she was really in jail
or rehab or something I guess violated
probation so she got thrown in jail
today I think three months is the three
months or a 30 days sir so my question
to you is what would a normal person
have to serve that's a good point who
cares she's just a spoiled brat right
Marley I think the one movie that I
respected her and was a parent trap yeah
that's kind of before she got involved
in drinking Oh Lindsay Lohan hey Marley
if you keep this up i think Lohan oh no
but I think if Marley keeps up her
spoiled ways she's gonna get popped for
jail time too yeah hey you keep you know
what you keep eating trash you're gonna
go to prison um so I guess we haven't
been to the p.o box no I oh my god I was
on the phone so I couldn't help Ali and
then I look up and she's like covered in
boxes I was so worried like I don't know
why I get worried when i leave things
like i'm gonna forget something they
were literally like 20 packages that
could be fun to open what is this h2o
for canine that should be interesting
all right before we go run the rest of
errands I have to show you this look at
this isn't that the coolest stuff dan I
don't know if this is a dog toys from
what's your name Amanda I'm from the
artist I don't think I can give this to
use OE i don't think i can get out of
debt I don't think this is a dog toy
it's like yes it is there's no stuffing
in it I get to destroy him from Amanda
from Chicago she also sent something
else oh sup phones ring I'll show it to
you second and this is what else she
sent you have to do it like this here no
try how do you do it she sent it so I
would stop using my
that is awesome so the people at h2o for
canine number was like what is that /
guy they sent us a bunch of these
they're basically marshall basically
this is great because you know how I'm
always pouring water directly from my
water bottle into the dog's mouth this
way you just unscrew it and the top that
keeps it closed is also like a little
lip so thick and drink and then you can
drink out of that you know let's get to
share with the dog anymore so okay
throughout today I'm gonna think Ali and
I are gonna think of a way um like a
contest and we're gonna give away a
couple of these but if you want to check
it out go to the website basically it's
h2o for canine calm um this is really
good associated dogs but at the end of
the video I'll tell you how will give
away a couple of these well have a
little mini contest today there's gonna
be like contest month that was just box
one apparently we can employ so this is
gonna be a big contest sweet make sure
to go say thank you guys they just
thought you guys would like this so all
right I'll but now I have to really
think of a good contest so I just
thought of a really simple way to do
this was okay how many we got we get
sick yes six we thought this would be
the easiest way at reply charles trippy
and alli speed get a goal it's on the
screen so on the screen all the
information on the screen I reply me and
Ali on Twitter with a twitpic or a deal
with a photo of you and your dog looking
incredibly thirsty a picture of you your
dog looking thirsty on the only rule is
you have to obviously be in the photo
like see that's Zoe an ally that be a
example the only rules are has to be you
and your dog a link that works obviously
and you have to be following both Ali
and myself on Twitter so we can actually
DM you back everyone so we can go to
contact with you for information stuff
right so the the funniest or most
original photo wins one of these
a little love sling thing neoprene swing
hi this is probably the coolest little
invention ever but alright so again if
you don't know the information is all in
the sub bar just read down there and
good luck Zoe keeps going through all
the boxes like Daddy there has to be a
toy in there for me there has to be a
toy can I bring this whoa I've still
annoying I can't forget in the store
Charles fine easily my new favorite toy
boring art store for hey actually I
should show them again in the car thief
river sarah i will go sit in the car
whether i should show them again this is
from my god those quick um i showed you
guys in a couple of logs ago on how to
make this it's really super simple i'm
actually at the store now let me see
well i don't know everything looks the
same louis see if i can find it okay
this is a different brand but this is
all it is it's just a two millimeter
leather cord and you just wrap it around
twice that's all it is and it's what
dollar ninety-nine cheapest necklace
you'll ever buy oh my battery's dying
crap i take it back this is actually the
brand i use right here 2nite Oh 279 so I
lied stop what Oh
of course when i try to do CTFxC the t's
sold out apparently the t is the most
popular little wait wait there it is
I'll do this CT really no exes come on
brand fail sucker football ball frog and
duck I can't do it anymore actually
can't do it I felt like a hurt whale
maybe I think I broke it Oh No hmm we're
going backwards on the road going
backwards I know I want to apologize to
everyone for being incredibly annoying
today um but I have a vuvuzela so I have
to be annoying in today's video don't I
it really only need to be apologizing
and uh broken again you remember from
Josh on cuz he was the first thing kody
I was the first person he did when we
were the first one to speak up dead con
ah yes folk and his speech was amazing
and it was and it was crazy probably the
best one oh yeah his the next Ed Gein
thing was phenomenal so he sent us a
book it's awesome i'm totally gonna read
it and he wrote in it it's a really nice
it's like the best packaging for a book
I don't think the twilight series has
this nice packaging this is like really
nice it's not cardboards like actual
material oh so yeah he's on youtube you
guys gotta go check him out ok so you
guys know I like hot sauce and
apparently maybe Chris Rob on YouTube
yeah like that the hottest bleep in
sauce I'm actually afraid to try this
let's read a little brief thing we
warned you this is seriously fucking hot
sauce that's right we set it because we
had to there is no other way to describe
just how hot this sauce is it makes it
really difficult to read the whole thing
I suppose whatever it's a lot fucking
hot sauce did Katie from England send
you something like a cute oh and what
else yeah it's a Tony Blair you want to
be political dogs no she specifically
said not for you to steal it take him
big I got something else for you Marley
taking Marley up I tomorrow you get a
Tony Blair Zoe you made a good decision
dog beer I have no idea what this is if
this is actually for dogs or anything
it's this is dog beer serve at room
temperature yeah it is it's got its got
like Newsted nutritional it's actually
for God's beef extract uh I dare you to
drink that oh alright so we're late and
we're gonna go see despicable me um so
you guys go with the story Tony Blair
and don't drink too much dog beer and
we'll be back remember movie time gonna
go see despicable me it's be cool you
just pick up the ball I wonder if it's
gonna be super busy again I'll look at
sturdy jobs getting first first
apparently this movie has take its own
app and it's like translate things are
downloaded just before so it seems these
little dude say enjoy this year sort of
working
that's pretty cool novelty I've got to
say that the marketing campaign for that
whole like translator thing for the
little dudes I didn't work at first but
uh that's a really genius idea for like
the credits the stuff but what do you
think of the movie you like it what else
can yeah five fingers up how many
fingers rating our rating systems gonna
be this five fingers that's good yeah
it's just unique so how many fingers do
you give it three you get three three
out of five three and a half that'd be
funny if it's like 11 two fingers on the
end watch your feet ticking ahead
what by
they got in that way yea though I was
pretty good I forever slow but then I
got better I thought it was good who did
the DreamWorks or pay what the pics are
despicable me that's pretty good I liked
it it's not really worth seeing one get
crunk time to get crunk up some
moonshine jelly who's that from I don't
even know if I believe that it's from
christopher christopher k my moonshine
where is it moonshine illegal actually
say anything about it so I don't know
it's it's not moonshot I promise you
call it a slinky so it's a magic spring
look at this I like this thing she sent
these little traffic cones so every time
Marley destroy his stuff we can just do
this around it hazard so I just got a
call from my sister well I got a couple
from in the theater I didn't see it
until after but um apparently my mom was
walking Kobe and Tyson I guess around
the neighborhood or something and to was
it two dogs or one dog two dogs
basically attacks Kobe and Tyson and I
don't think they went after my mom they
went after my mom but my mom's just my
mom she probably punched him in the face
it was like oh I'm not gonna do that but
Kobe got away but Tyson yeah Cobo you
know Tyson with his leg apparently got
bit in his face um so my sister just
called and said that he's going through
emergency surgery it's ten o'clock at
night now she said he'll be done in a
couple hours I just want to let you guys
know if you can send my sister some
little well wishes for him in tyson he's
gonna have to work cone but she did say
he was okay
I I asked her what happened and she
described it like Heath Ledger as the
Joker like you Oh like the ah so yeah
he's okay I just want to let you guys
know because you like Tyson so much too
and it's scary it's really scary that
was all squeaky squeaky toy um but yeah
my mom Tyson and Kobe are all okay
basically my mom just you know totally
roundhouse kicked them and falcon
punched him to the face to make him let
go so if you can just drop by my
sister's page or whatever Twitter or
whatever you want to do and just say you
know we're thinking of you Tyson huh you
know now you can't lick your balls
anymore because you have a comb he's
gonna look like a giant lampshade so
good news is he's okay bad news is
that's scary um and what is wrong with
Lady Gaga's but on that one that did you
seen the Rolling Stone with lady gaga um
what it looks like a pencil and then I
also want to show you something I know
I'm all over the place where is it
where's oh I lost it I gotta find it
this is okay this is the coolest
postcard look at this right Lucas it's
made out of wood this is the coolest
postcard I've ever seen in my life okay
moving on I'm going to end tonight with
a little thing that you guys told me to
do if you go to Google this website
called Google I don't actually heard of
it it's pretty cool that's a search
engine and type in here let me switch to
macros you can see what I'm talking
about if you type LOL limewire and then
type that type click im feeling lucky
you come up with this do what you want
cause a pirate is free you are a pirate
do what you want cause a pirate is free
you are a pirate good night make sure to
check out our last two videos the best
eight seconds of your life and Ali's
chubby bunny challenge with all your
favorite youtubers just click on the
screen you can come back later enjoy
he's Charles Charles trapping with
Marley Zoe and his fiance alley you can
watch me on this channel ready in
decision from the internet
