they got to go back to Germany today
internet killed can attain hey why are
you wearing my clothes are from
heatstroke 96 will be Vaculik Olivia
don't place it my galaxy does hey by Zoe
what is that black thing on your lips
what is that thing those little ridges
their butthole there's a potholder out
there for everyone to see I just think
it's funny that of our two dogs you know
some dogs have their tail going down
they just like child Lee liquored your
tail up to show everyone their butthole
those are so weird I don't I don't
hopefully somebody the internet knows
the purpose of those things you have
some shiny white teeth though Zoey gunk
in your eyes there and I think it's like
like why did why are you shape the way
they are like it's the bellows but they
may the best food but it's alive in or
like would they flop out though will
they flop out when she's hot I feel like
it's what seals from Mountain why are we
talking I'm sorry and they're passed out
so I actually went and tried remember on
yesterday on the front page of YouTube
and like those mcdonald's moon evenings
and a coupon on there these are actually
nuts they're not too terrible for being
McDonald's so it was actually pretty
surprised somebody else looking through
all the emails edit um I forgot that was
loading if you type in 2204355 and
Google in the hit im feeling lucky um
this shows and alia tower top kick and
we're like oh my god were possessed we
have a virus we're in the car obviously
I'm tethered to her phone just was
thinking I'm gonna beat this it's so
sticky for you I think pink chicken yeah
it's ridiculous but yeah if you type in
2204355 and then hit im feeling lucky
apparently this comes up that's a fun
little trick and scare the crap out of
me too I was like what the heck is going
on pee pee break this is actually really
funny this exact same mcdonalds that we
stopped at last time we went back to
Tallahassee oh my God look that spider
hi get a good camera on this one I have
people what it that's a scariest-looking
spider I've ever seen in my entire life
oh man okay let me go get the good
camera I gotta get the good camera yeah
I have no idea what kind of spider that
is so I'm gonna switch this camera I
gotta put it together so magic all right
oh god it's moving look at that okay I
always put my head on that one but this
is the original one down here I was good
advertising for McDonald's come to
mcdonalds will you'll walk into a giant
spider nest does anyone know what this
is
you always ran into that thing yeah
right
where is that lost it
damn nature you scary
there's this profile
hey I feel like Tommy I went to go to
the bathroom and like doing this the
whole time get a spot on your face you
got a sweater in your face and I'm
annoying i wouldn't go home I'm ignoring
you that's what I used to say when I was
little what I would confuse the world
more annoying I would say just annoy me
hey your ears goofy Zoe now you're
ashamed apparently Ellen posted zoe has
a puppy on our website you guys a bunch
of people to the email said that Zoe
Ellen DeGeneres she likes you
this is the best show all time if you
have no idea of where in the world is
carmen sandiego game that was like one
of my first video games every way to the
show it was the lady of the red oh the
boss from the boss oh so good a big
switch they take turns you happy you
happy yeah we're home on the fish hey
need some water but they're all doing
good perhaps she didn't give birth yet
that's good oh my god you can see all
the fish insider all the eyes really
come over here and look at this okay
I'll just switch to the good camp oh my
gosh you can scarce and lettuce so we're
your eyes the moment of truth out bit
dead well I guess we'll make it wait
isn't that's what happens and you pull
it out right I don't know maybe you have
garlic so everyone asking what did we do
with our garlic planet it's dead ok so
now here's the fun part about traveling
ok the refrigerator is like oh it's all
40 42 not for tuna whatever you guys
told me that's what uh oh yeah whatever
you know what I'm talking about what we
got in here oh we got Earl cake it's
nice oh that's yummy that's that's yummy
there what else Oh perfectly good
spinach is so good
nope that's a damn it it's a waste bye
bye cake I hate this this is like the
worst part teamwork got it whatever the
cupboard oh look at we did good on this
one no we throw away all the stuff i
would go bad internet high fives just
tried calling ali and apparently verizon
for some reasons which you know those
stupid ring back tones apologize if you
have them they're stupid or knowing well
I tried to call Ali and like i said
verizon switchers automatically so
listen to this she's too much dude looks
like a lady oh baby the worst part you
guys are probably gonna be singing that
for the rest of the day I'm sorry no I
didn't I swear I don't know how to I was
just telling them it's really funny that
you had action now the moment you all
been waiting for I'll stop talking like
that we just uploaded Ali's chubby bunny
a video on her channel it has Smosh day
storm olgakay las vegas barbie prank
first prank keep the heat so just click
here that's a two-parter trust me you're
gonna want to watch both of them it's
pretty awesome click here watch the
first one and after that one you can
click the next video and the
marshmallows get bigger and bigger and
bigger and they're all going in their
mouth that's what she said he's Charles
Charles Trippy with my lease early and
his fiance Ali you can watch me on this
channel what are your decision from the
internet
