oh the countdown has begun Charles is
leaving in a couple hours
well tomorrow that's in like 24 hours
well no it'll be 24 hours at 7 o'clock
that's when it's flight depart
it's true to Florida fashion it is
disgusting and raining out guess what
it's raining I feel like things that I
said in this vlog are so and it's
raining I forgot to tell you guys I got
my last set all these are my last two
photos we have this one and then I have
one other set and they are telling me
that my teeth look awesome which is very
exciting for me after I finished my last
set which will be set 16 if I like the
way that my pizza turned out or if I
feel that I need to do it longer than
I'll obviously do a longer but so far so
glad so employed by 9 I almost
completely forgot that the UK has
completely different plugs than America
so by the way we just got these
prototypes today these samples I guess
for the hats that are coming for VidCon
we have three different hats that are
coming this is one of them this is just
a prototype what do you guys think
there'd be a big converse oh and this is
yeah
oh yeah we're going to have those at
VidCon to make sure you order the dftba
a booth and you can find them that's
just one of the three that we're going
to have don't worry after VidCon we're
going to have them all on CTFxC merch
calm but we just wanted to do something
at VidCon first we never really debuted
anything there before and we thought
it'd be kind of fun serenading the pups
during this thunderstorm now he's always
like I don't have a big cat anymore
because actually I don't know where it
is I feel like you sold out you gave -
no it's on tour I know in the cab isn't
um no ice on tour is it yes I brought it
in the last gorgeous well you know what
you missed
don't you miss there's mom I just love
to be serenaded and scratched and
serenaded and scratched south you guys
know Charles is leaving for the UK and
spend a lot of crazy things that have
been happening overseas and it's
absolutely terrible and tragic and my
heart goes out to everyone that was
affected by the awful event that
happened at the ariana grande concert
and definitely makes me scared
definitely I know it makes him nervous
going over there but I think it's just
it's sad it's just so sad and I'm the
world is very sad and scary right now
and it has been for a little bit and I'm
just trying to stay positive and I think
that's what I want to push out to you
guys out into the universe is you know
try and say positive and be good to one
another in love one another and kind of
spreading hey guys it's all keep pushing
out the positive and let's be there for
one another endless support one another
and let's bring out the good because
unfortunately there's a lot of bad out
there and together we can make things a
little bit more positive and still love
throughout the world because it's it's
all on us it's on us and we have to just
be there for one another I don't know if
I'm making any sense I've had kind of a
rough day but um guys yeah I don't know
I'm nervous and I'm sad Toronto's
leaving today we're just doing this game
called a dump cat challenge we're doing
another challenge because tomorrow I
leave to the UK and we
one of the quick little video that could
be fun and this time instead of Ally my
selfish one we have my little sister
basically all we going to do is we see
that she is contraption on our head with
these two little dollies at the target
telling Donald is what you do use must
be like a beard it's finished
hey what happened
so dislike if any fairy on the dunk the
dunk tank this is just a miniaturized
version so it's hit with all and then
water flies down on the leaders day in
the comments
pause the video aut Melissa team ally or
team trouble
alright now let's make it a lot more
exciting for you I'm eligible astral
trapeze can your work don't tap it
sweetie
today why I have to keep him wait wait
okay
sing it one two three corrupted okay all
right so ten feet
are you fill it up again why is it are
you make it do anything cheese smack it
off
what
I'm going to the drive-in it okay if you
hit it I'm going to kick your ass man
sobbing okay okay
I'm not normal I think it's recording
anyway it was recording well good job I
believe you are the most successful
loser in this all right guys well I got
to go pack for the UK hope you guys
enjoyed this video don't forget to
subscribe and we will see you tomorrow
I don't mind rolling by I see
