- don't do it don't do it
comb your hair do it and didn't do it
and comb your hair didn't do and comb
your hair the comb hair Turkish
invention ever I'm so day to on waking
up I'm gonna call this the wake and run
instead of the wake and bake it's gonna
be the wake and run unless you guys can
think of something cooler cuz I can't
really feel good still really good and I
also wanted to tell you guys about a
couple cool little things the secret
place that we're traveling to I might as
well tell you they still could fall
through but it's really good it's really
good for you guys there's gonna be
really awesome for the vlog since we
really I've never been there basically
we're going to Jamaica so we're going to
Jamaica on the 28th and then we're going
to 24th we're going to the Orlando
Gathering and then I have a couple cool
contests we're gonna be giving away a
lot of cool stuff in the next two weeks
trust me you guys are gonna like this
you're gonna like it a lot I'm so I'm
gonna stop talking to this camera and
I'm gonna continue running because I
have to be productive today maybe you
guys can help me out okay
last night we were having like an art
not an argument we were trying to figure
out the name of this song I'm gonna do
this only because I really want to know
don't make fun of me but it goes it's a
classic song it goes
if you know it please let us know all
right so I'm looking at our Facebook
group and I have to show I don't know
did I show you guys this video it's
pretty funny
let me show you
so yeah it's uh did my voices crack my
voice is crack that's embarrassing so
it's actually on our Facebook group yeah
I want to get through the guys name
really quickly see how do I operate an
iPhone the guys name is TJ freakin white
that's actually really cool name the
link is in the sub bar and also he also
sent me a he also sent me a mp3 I don't
know I did this for mp3 but you can
download the mp3 for free on our website
the other guy DayTripper the guy who did
the theme song that was two days ago now
I forgot to put that in the link that
link in the sub barb you know below to I
dun goofed I'm sorry I done goofed so
yeah if you want the mp3s they are fr EE
um I was obnoxious I'm sorry yeah go to
a website you can download for free and
I want to say thank you to TJ freakin
white and DayTripper for getting the
numbers but you know I'm talking about
links in the sidebar again so I got a
pretty awesome email from spy what is on
my car what is that
I know gerbils I know I got an email
from my rewards you know the rewards own
that Best Buy has and that's like my
favorite email so I had to go back there
geez what a broken iPod Nano looks like
interesting somebody broke it today that
it is this has to be quite possibly the
coolest fan on earth
has so weird
well I might as well leave another
little scavenger hunt thing
there you go it's on that computer
decisions do I go for the two terabytes
or do I go portable so when we're
traveling but it's only one gigabyte
gigabyte terabyte I'm still saying
gigabyte I forgot there's a tip what
actually comes after terabyte actually I
don't even know what comes after
terabyte this is why I had to go by
myself because if Ali was here she'd be
like this this is equivalent to me going
Jean shopping to her like she'd be like
really they look all the same there I
left you guys in Sarasota slash
Bradenton a little scavenger hunt thing
that is the best buy on University
I guess this Sarasota / Bradenton site
on the border so you don't wanna be on
camera
give her a mohawk yeah looks good being
a girl so weird cosmetics Charles just
fuck didn't he's like it's so weird but
you know I'll be so afraid of like
poking my eye out it's a medium Ollie
you want to go to that it's raining
isn't it funny now that she knows that's
there she pokes her head out all the
time I can't show you for obvious
reasons but now he has a huge bruise on
her butt
from last night it's pretty hilarious
she basically she fell and landed on
that little doohickey and cuz you're a
goofball and you're already accepting
the trippy name
it hurts to like walk can I poke your
butt absolutely not stop it really hurts
honey all right I'll see what I put up
with this say something in German
hello say Singh the Oscar where are you
from and how old are you noise yeah say
hello YouTube
I think she's shy she's camera shy then
what are we doing right now we're
playing my cousin whenever my cousin
plays video games she like goes or she's
playing a shooter she'll go and move
like a look oh yes rock band she loves
rock damn charles hit my booty
does Charles it does does he not do this
to me all of them you jerk
I'm going to kick you in your sword by
in a sec oh is demon Marley asleep oh
boy
I'll turn this off so you don't look
like a demon again oh we can't see you
now
well demon Marley not demon Marley
Stephen Marley not demon Marley demon
Marley he's Charles Charles Trippy with
Marley and his fiancee Ally
