okay so we can't find Marley and this is
how we find her watch I guarantee she'll
show up ready Marley Marley wait you
already hit where'd you come from just
show up alright got a camera on your car
you're definitely a vlogger now I don't
even need to explain it alright so i'm
looking through twitter and apparently
the video that we did like three years
ago the apple iphone sucks video on the
Charles Turkish channel was shown on
good morning america yeah so i don't
know i don't know if this is like what
truth is to this but if you saw it or
know how to find it please let me know
and somebody else is saying that you get
free bumpers for the iphone 4 so that's
kind of cool I haven't been on Twitter
like 24 hours and all this information
it like happens it's perfect baby just
like that turn your feet out a little
bit so what do you guys think should I
cool my youtube job and just go for a
modeling career but where are we we r 6
Fifth Avenue is the nested like
there you go lovely fast you need to
lose the legs though baby you get this
every week forgive me twinsies actually
no mine's a different color a little
sneeze I fought it
you
yes if it wasn't bad yesterday with
Lauren and Ally we have to add a third
person here yeah i know and i just had
to watch them put makeup on I say wait
what's that girl from our high school
and she ended up from from the ranch
from our from our high schools is this
funny to you guys to look at look how
big that pole is and how tiny their flag
yeah it's so small ok so somebody found
the clip from good morning america I
just wanted to show you stop there and
of course they don't give you credit
they just let you I think I was there
for what maybe half a second yeah are
you eating catnip are you eating catnip
maybe it'll mellow you out on it drink
what she's going cross-eyed dark out of
nowhere going for a walk with two really
awesome bitches going for her luck with
two really awesome bitches Oh Florida
and your rain eNOS ooh that's scary oh
that one's i wish i had a good camera
okay that little dog was spinning and
barking he's running in circles right
now what a goofy dog I just got the word
that apparently Apple they restored now
restore I guess we store basically they
clean the files on the computer every
single day so apparently our clue was
lost so what I'm gonna do it was just
basically a photo and I'll word document
yeah I know you were right I know I know
I'm so here this is gonna be your clue
this is a photo right here and I'll show
you to your ear
um so we'll see you finds it now no
one's found it yet I'm pretty I'm pretty
impressed on my hiding skills I guess
yeah that's true that's true you guys
were supposed to just find it by you
know telepathy so if you've been
watching Melissa's channel you know she
likes kickball so we're actually going
to go to her kickball game last time
we've got we were literally five minutes
away and she calls like it got over
early so we were bad bad turn lawn
brother so we're gonna go now and see
you do so I love kickball that's like my
favorite sport if that could be like is
that it like a they have a good team
like I like you know the MLB or the NFL
but like for kickball I'd be really cool
we should start one I bachelor already
as though that Swayze along its
I was just telling Ali this is like
really weird for me I probably haven't
been here we're at place called GT bray
park i used to come here a lot when I
was younger I think he's actually where
I learned how to swim I think the last
time I was here though was ten years ago
and it this wasn't here that's for sure
but I think my sister's over there her
team she's the red team so keep it keep
an eye out I can't like I don't have my
glasses so I'm gonna need you guys I
know this is probably a stupid question
but do you think anyone's ever kicked a
home behind that wouldn't it be awesome
if some dude just like literally just
kick a home run over that fence you
think oh I don't know if you can have
that much power kickball is apparently a
pretty popular sport here this three
fields gone are you winning you got out
wait what's your team give a team name
you get cleats on and everything they
used to be pink those were pink hey so
who's winning we are it's um it's thirty
to fifty to sixty two to four
oh look what's your great job what's
your official job there Oh Melissa whoo
is happening oh alright Sam stern
check
oh okay wait today oh yeah all right Joe
nice we just witnessed a home run and a
couple points yeah what's the score 02
is that an eight and was just saying
they're gonna do anything when she
scores that dude almost hit out of the
park he's gonna go to home runs it's
awesome oh gayness game everyone one day
one yeah awesome house quick we should
start our own kickball like league 45
minute yeah final score was 19 oh wow
lookit they scored that many goals goals
yeah sure that mean touchdown what's
good game Sam heck so you guys are the
winners awesome Ali's admitting the fact
that she's never seen stay by the Bell
like when mr. Belding was in our hotel
for VidCon I was my god it it's mr.
Belding she's like who's bad
they're totally kicking us out just turn
the lights off like immediately I'm
feeling bugs nah it's beautiful it's
that's just fun there's beauty in the
disgusting Sam have you never seen
american beauty oh look at is this vlog
American yes it is if I say it is all
right you go it's just a freaking back
let me in the car let me in okay oh my
foot God you just ran on my foot jerk
that's where Ellie and I had one of our
first dates actually what the first
minute that was the first time unit
Melissa yeah is that that smugglers come
on I don't think she knows is fun
because you know okay do you know how
all force you know a horse like may
horse eats corn like I you describe the
horseplay may
you know horse hey Jer she like crabs on
the cheese gonna go back to Germany be
like my cousins are weird and then we
have a crazy dog let's get it my every
time get it Marv looks like we have a
winner what's his name d0 UGK on Twitter
that's that's definitely mr. cow moo moo
cow right there because that's my that
really is like awful handwriting I
uploaded the vlog around I think I was
like 1230 maybe one it is now almost 11
so it took I don't know maybe allowed 11
10 hours who's right on the guessing you
said 50 we're doing The Price is Right
rules that's true I don't remember what
your mom said letter march to may be she
said closer one
I don't know it were just the defendants
yeah well people keep doing this baby
will hide something at the move we're
going to actually go see inception maybe
we'll have something in the movie
theater inception conception that's the
porn version aight oh my god it will be
I I guarantee there's reappoint spoofing
this call because conception I that's
genius actually no one wants it like I
don't think people watch porn to see a
baby come out of it at the exit like
they like Hornets well it's not coming a
baby coming out for conception its birth
conceptions and say yeah sure that's
true Pelican listen well no I mean I
just mean like a baby coming out of
situations literally coming out of a
person's bike okay we're just gonna cut
what does this or does this not look
like a real-life extreme g bike tell me
you played that game for 64 did you ever
play 60 for extreme g serve is a racing
game it was a racing game and it had
bikes like that you have no idea what
rise I do but I'm talking about Eugene
Tron guy I've ever exchanged e Leon
don't get on better with him better it
looks like the annoying orange finally
got what's coming to him alright which
one is our theater what is this was that
oh yeah true there's salt hey these
things you know what sucks is when I
worked at a theater I used to have to
build these things but it was ok
building him sucked but tearing them
down was so fun we used to do like Chuck
Norris like drop-kicking wow it's a
packed house that's for sure yeah I love
it when the theaters are completely
empty of dozen roses
sex with you away what about you cheers
mr. Bunny's commercial ever University
I'm not laughing at the message I'm
laughing at the execution of the
commercial check this out I think we're
having a moo cow controversy apparently
oob ble on Twitter found the moo cow as
well so you know what I think what I
need to do is what somebody's out being
an imposter is that I'm gonna have to
like do like a little doodle or
something signature on the back so I
remember and know and not show you guys
because I can't tell who's who's it's
like it's a moo cow controversy I think
I can't tell which ones real on which
one's fake that one looks pretty much I
would have to get a little bit more
tricky with you guys we just watched
this movie called inception I don't know
you may have heard of it it has a guy
named Leonardo DiCaprio uh yeah you're
pretty good actor that movie was awesome
that movie was so I
I don't want us doing a spoiler but to
be the screenwriter I don't even know
how they pitch that or explained it
because it was so intense i recommend
that movie a million times over so many
awesome fight sees it the fight scenes
are unbelievable I think the guy who did
the dark night and I want to see my
Mountain Christopher Nolan do momento as
well I'm not really sure but definitely
inception back conception but inception
I give it 55 fingers up actually scratch
that on closer inspection I think the
second one was photoshopped the
tricksters he's Charles Charles camping
with Marley Zoe and his fiance Ali you
can watch this channel we need a
decision from the internet
