Hey okay don't be mad
that's not a happy noise oh look at the
cat oh she's in the kitchen
oh shit kitchens chasing Zoe you get her
you get her kitchen here good girl good
job you defend yourself
she doesn't care I know for all of you
guys thinking that I'm torturing my cat
she will beat their asses this is
Charlie outfit what
Birkett model walk oh girl work your
booty I know this might seem like deja
vu we have to go and return some jeans
and al-abaad cuz they weren't working
they're not working with the drivers
somebody just ever applied this to me
and I want to let you guys hear a part
of it
to be seen if you're listening to this
you can't be a closet Bieber fan
because this is where the Middletons and
there's an emergency mode right there
no kids not suffering from deja vu they
look awesome
get those you don't hurry up we're gonna
go to the ed hardy store I want to wear
everything in there can you guys tell a
difference I'm like this and then you'll
see the difference
really what about Beast
this one is leaning they're the same
thing I don't get this I just don't get
it we're debating on what we should get
to hide we're still at international
mall yeah we had to come back so we're
gonna try to hide something I'm not sure
what we should should we do another
would be fun okay so we decided to hide
another cow a creative cow designed by
me this creative cow series I swear this
is not sponsored by chick-fil-a we just
like it a lot
that would be amazing actually way more
than we should you know the thing about
you plays this is funny they're so
arrogant that they close on Sunday they
know they know people are still gonna
you know come there Monday and be like I
really want it and the thing is I think
the only time we ever really watch it
play is instead is on a Sunday he's
making him different he did last time I
covered it okay you ready for it drum
roll drum roll
I am Lucas actually I was actually tried
on this what I even personalized it I
heart CTFxC so now we got to go hide
this guy already 'he's got a little ding
dong literally
there you can see it better now what do
you guys give this one the other one you
guys gave me you only gave me a - a
seven this is a seven
Rachel where do you wanna hide them good
thinking should we do this put them in
the shoe oh yeah somebody would find
them you don't get the lip miss you mr.
cow so rather than just showing you guys
where we hid this thing we're gonna play
a little game so what I'm gonna do we're
going to the Apple store I think it's up
there and this will be a two-part
scavenger hunt I'm going to show you a
photo I'm gonna leave a photo on the one
of the computers in the Apple Store and
you're gonna define the computer look at
the photo and then use that to find the
cow serious cat if you find this you're
a geocaching guru because you guys were
saying we should do more of these
geocaching guys like saying scavenge on
those are more fun so we're gonna leave
the photo and the app will start now so
all right
so we're laying nice nice website there
so we're laying down the - on this
computer right here
we see the ilium
what are you doing is that loser
that's gonna be in the Documents folder
under CTFxC FTW just open it up and try
to find the cow it'll be in this
computer how long do you think until
somebody finds it
let's take bets an hour you think at
least an hour after vlog we upload it
tomorrow in the future right now
actually as you're talking right now the
vlog is now online
it's amazing how that works how long
Rachel
five hours ten minutes they're gonna be
watching it in this Apple store so if
you guys like this let us know in the
comments and I'll keep doing this
because this is really fun I like doing
a little hints now now if you find it
make sure to have replied me in alley on
Twitter so we see it holding gotta hold
it though
a little wet out there tiny bit Ali
dragged me here you might recognize the
place Lauren has never been here so
we're sure how awesome Sweden is by
showing your idea I feel that you can
get a grasp with a Swedish culture by
you know walking in here right I'm just
kidding after of sweet and I'm the adult
I fighters offended you look at that I'm
offending Australia and now Sweden
actually I really want to go to Sweden
and Australia
let it eat Arthur oh my gosh careful
holy I'm like hallway
you're gonna call this one kicked out of
IKEA and here come the Swedish meatballs
you're so dangerous with that thing
so you remember yesterday when Lauren
and Ally were shopping I went to Best
Buy and I left the photo taping the
glass this thing here they're noticing
that I did the photo on one of the
computers it looks like this kid rode
his bike in the rain to the bridge she
was like whatever my booties bouncing
booty bounce
rocking the bill very long oh now you
want to be in the camera when I start
talking about something else other than
you you want to be in the camera
this is a concoction that we just made
police he did it
quinine all right name okay watch you
guys it's the magic pen
watch out magic I'm just gonna hold the
bottom ball so she said and watch the
top ball okay okay wait I want to push
it back down
is that crazy I'm not even okay those
naysayers watch I'm going to touch it on
a glass ready okay glass and yeah easily
i chained
their beauty guys your bag in the air
but it's not moving we have a mini
tornado here of course it stops when I
try to film something and that's your
hair by the way
but you know
taste it don't smell it taste it you
like it good right he's Charles Charles
Trippy
with more leisurely and his fiancee led
you can watch my channel we need a
decision from the internet
