fun faxing oh I was just talking to
Lauren it's like really funny how faxes
like a fax machine is actually stood the
test of time
like it's so old but still people rely
on it I hate the fact you know it's
really funny that's like the one bit of
Technology it's really honestly Ali
isn't that like the one bit of tick what
exactly it's like exactly my point
the one big technology Ali and I have no
idea to use ion asti's a fax machine
there I said it
I admit it I'm a noob so we're all noobs
today see googling how many was that so
far Oh surprise you know that's one
thing too I hate the faculty watch this
this is what I hate about the iPhone
autocorrect the other day it actually
autocorrected to AOL but watch have you
noticed that if you type in this it's
basically when you try to do the word
like me it auto corrects the mr. I don't
want mister I hardly use the word mister
I want me I tweeted about a while ago my
phone start typing neighbor it's correct
- oh you are let's talk about that
what's what is the craziest thing your
phone is autocorrected to from and then
- do you have one out oh my what was I
trying to type in a type a oh well yeah
Twitter tweeted about it before I added
the f-word in my phone I used to Kirk do
something funny but I don't like fudge
I think it did smudge for me or
something in the comments see who has
the most interesting one
where did it go the Cheesecake Factory
just kidding I just wanted to say that
how about that place we're going on
shopping at the mall we're gonna go
shopping at the mall again at the mall
we're probably gonna go to two malls
today we're looking at first Oh some
things I'm really doesn't want to but
there's a cop behind me what's happening
right now is he's probably going to pull
me over because my mom has a taillight
out so I told her to put it in park so
it turns to tail lights off take that
cop does that work though I know if it
works I think there are two bat on that
side we'll see
otherwise internets I have good news we
as the first CTFxC er was gotten
official the official well it's not
really an official tattoo is it I guess
it's an official unofficial tattoo
anyway the first CTF X here to get a
tattoo and here's the video we met her
at VidCon and she said she was that was
like no way if you do I put you in the
vlog so check it out
we met on Friday actually there's a
thing called VidCon that we went to like
a YouTube convention for people that get
paid to make youtube videos and stuff
and we know hold on people and so you
can see happens to be one of the
youtubers that was there just getting it
right yes yes you are
I can officially say helicopter right
there I can't officially say helicopter
but sorry that's that's me I have like
the attention span of a stack of gerbils
by now what was I talking about oh the
tattoo of course the video you just saw
yeah so I have to say that is pretty
awesome that is that's an honor to be
tattooed on somebody's body you know the
beautiful thing about that is it's not
like she's this tattooing my name she's
tattoo tattooing basically our our group
our friend Corps our allegiance our
nation wow it sounds cultish doesn't it
that really sounds cultish I swear we're
not a cult
no one is going to make you drink the
purple juice I promise I just have to
say when I saw that video it was like
one of those surreal things is like wow
it's like okay you know when you guys
sang the theme song at VidCon that was
another one whose realization is where
it's like wow
a couple people watch this stuff you
know like I thought it was just my
family maybe a couple other people I
know I'm so email here
you guys notice that I do this a lot you
know it's not because it's like a habit
or cork it's actually because my they
slide down that was it to adjust them
anyway so I was saying gerbil gerbil so
there's this gathering in Orlando I
guess at the Universal Studio City Walk
I guess a couple of people are putting
it on like stir-fried TV and a couple
other people that I've talked to July
24th I think around 1:00 p.m. Eastern
obviously see stirring cuz it is Orlando
but we're gonna try to make it other
plants were pushed back a few days so I
think we're gonna actually come so if
you're in the Orlando area and you want
to go to Universal CityWalk and
maybe go to Universal Studios I don't
know I really honestly don't know it's
not gonna be nearly as organized as he I
just did it because my thing was fine
that is nearly as organized as VidCon
but I think it's gonna be pretty cool so
we'll see there if you're in Orlando the
information is in the sub bar below but
yet so the girls are currently oh should
I turn I haven't been in Tampa so long
so the girls are currently shopping at
the mall and I'm totally mauled out I
got some shirts and like another pair of
jeans see it keeps doing it I gotta go
to Best Buy um I get a new hard drive
because ever since we started shooting
with the 7d I'm doing it again this is
you guys are gonna notice this every
time ever since we started shooting with
a 7d it's just been eating up hard drive
space so I have to go buy another one I
think I've I put it up for like 10
terabytes full of like footage over the
past year and a half plus actually four
or five years that's crazy I'm spastic I
swear it in that cap coffee this is
Ali's coffee side line
deep breath Charles deep like fighting
over that graham cracker like there's my
graham cracker the away
take the pebbles instead this delicious
graham cracker ball but he's gonna get
it there's no way he's gonna win she was
good he's getting good Discovery Channel
there's a third one he looks like at his
mange oh that one's now it up oh
wow this is big all right which one do I
get see I've always been a Western
Digital fan you know there's always like
see Davers Western Digital
I don't know which one's better than
stays sigue does at the warranty there's
a spider I could use two terabytes tough
decisions
Who am I kidding out like a kidney
cancer right now this is so crazy you
can get like a terabyte in that little
tiny thing is not you know what sucks
about that's why right now everything is
USB there's no no firewire I didn't know
there was a USB 3.0 I know I'm a total
noob right now there's no it did
there you go guys you can find it
I put it on one of the laptops at this
Best Buy run dale mabry right across
from toilet wine if you're from Tampa
you know what I'm talking about
so if you can find it I guess I replied
Matt Twitter with it and we'll see who
finds it first
I guess they killed enough time I should
go pick up a lien her mom from the hurry
up yeah this is why I went the Best Buy
when I came back there was still in the
same store hey Dad
that's a lot of jeans and how he's got
to go through all of I know I'm looking
at that we're gonna be forever
such a nice person
ooh demon dog you gonna go running wait
you have demon face I see your face now
just the dogs so we demon that's a
really cool sunset
guess who just beat this minute record
858 seeing up progressively getting
lower I can't see in front of me by the
way 858 new time to beat Oh what are the
boxing gloves for wait nevermind you box
my sister's a boxer you don't mess with
her she's a punch in the face
hey why is Marlee outside so Moosa as a
lot of you guys know has the new job and
she just landed her first contract so
we're gonna go celebrate yes you gotta
go you have to go congratulate my sister
either your YouTube or Twitter and tell
her congratulations
go going for it already alright those my
sister's first time trying a long
you
we're on a cruise right now
for the win
he's Charles Charles Trippy
with Marley's Ruby and his fancy ality a
decision from the internet
