do you think they'll ever invent a
Cheeto that doesn't get cheese all over
ito finger cheeto finger I'll never
invent a new type of cheetah will they
that is definitely not natural orange
little scuba dog she she's the swimming
master now and just passed the sheet
like others a dude just floating along
right now chillin goin real slow kind of
against the window but it's super
slow-mo my Marley we're gonna kill and
I'm lost at sea I'm lost at sea all
right
Oh Zoey look at her prancing in the
water do you see that that's a crab it's
a big big big blue crab and I don't want
him to come near me
that is scary she's just swimming along
hi darling
she's trying to swim to Australia
she's not gonna get bit by a craft Pig
so no although that'd be great viral
entertainment right there yeah I try to
get the crab try to do it do it that's
what you're supposed to do I can't kill
you
swim rats
well she's now gonna eat the frisbee
over here where is it lame
take em up you asshole yeah of course
Thank You Marv appreciate it I'm
strapping you to the roof of the car you
got them what is that oh that's what you
were scared of I'm scared of you were a
scared of that we mr. Singh Marlon jerk
don't do it again please are we
witnessing grand theft auto right now on
snow form leave the Bowie alone again
Oh
almost almost you're damn right by the
victory the guys for how much
hey you want to eat dinner right got a
thirst Marley's got crabs did she get it
I want to go save him now this is how
you know when we need to go home in the
frisbee that faraway dog in the
windshield having fun now
Riley whatever you do do not destroy
that tree I don't want to go to prison
other reason why I said that guys is
just because these are endangered and
yeah well this isn't this one's not a
mango just yeah cut you guys were
probably thinking this exact same things
like wait why is that least swinging on
it
this little one over here the elusive
marley going through the jungle yep she
found another place there all around
she's rolling around in circles
well I will be laughing so hard if Zoe's
starts well that was a mini adventure
how many things did you eat Marley yeah
she actually bit me because I was
sticking my like hand in her mouth to
try to get it out and every single time
I'd go all her mouth
I go under tongue she likes to hide it
and I bet she got it
you know he's sure to eat it take my
hand out and then next thing you know
she's there three times and she was able
to hide it somewhere third time she'd
monkey she bit my finger I don't think
she liked it too much so no no no she
didn't mean to though remember that
trick I did before we went to wait where
do we go to California when the the soda
I just wanted to do it again cuz I want
it's a dr. pepper so I'm gonna show you
if you if you're just joining us here
welcome my name's Charles and you're
watching daily vlogs pour your soda get
it nice and bubbly
oh that's bubbly okay bubbles quickly
wipe your forehead stick it in the
fingers yeah and then it goes down isn't
that crazy
today stay stick it in the finger yeah
you know what I meant
stick your finger in the cup yeah and
then it kills it instantly so you could
have more soda try it seriously try it
and upload it as a video response I'm
telling you or at least add replied me
on Twitter to tell me you did it you
know that's I actually would that be
better I reply me on Twitter with your
with your soda without its little foam
that way I know you succeeded that'll be
fun
speaking of soda guess who had coke but
oh what's coke but you might ask Allie
should I explain what coke but is so
good
Jeff Zoe and Marlee go to the beach they
they drink a lot of salt water like
she's falling asleep what happens when
dogs drink when dogs are in salt water
they have what I call cook but and when
they go number two it looks like this is
the best way I can describe it
take a two-liter bottle of soda coke
I say coke or dr. pepper or anything
like that and just hold it just hold it
like this Alec hold this really quick
now I have my human tripod you take your
two litter bottle and you like this
squeeze
and you squeeze it and that projectile
is what happens to Zoey every single
time pretty good yeah yeah Lee told me
to share that but yeah I'm sure it
happens a lot of dogs so I just told him
I cook but I'm sorry about that
nice shirt nice shirts over there okay I
don't know if you guys recognize this
guy
he should is no okay uncle milk's watch
this video always teased me for having
an iPhone 4 because you just bought the
iPhone 3GS and so he bought an iPhone 4
it just so he can do this watch this
video watch this video this is how funny
he is
I give you my good friend nose
Heil back steakhouse Justin you're gonna
get a steak oh yeah
for those who are just joining us again
Justin was a vegetarian for how many
years a long time so he's gonna save her
a steak do you think that girl from
Australia would be offended if she came
in here would you like a shrimp on the
barbie I probably just offended
everybody from Australia right there was
that
- crocodile done name five things that
you associated with Australia Barbie
that's a good one I think that's over
five big Dundee who are you okay that's
pretty hardcore bloomin onion yeah you
look like oh what's that actor the one I
had the pencil the pencil card table
table
yeah was like oh god it's so gross
remember when I was doing that little
flippy game with it but the coasters in
Spain this is the man that taught me
right here when he was 20 in Spain right
yeah I think in space
this is my pencil say what you learned
in English we're trying to teach them
little English phrases what were you
doing at dinner tonight what were you
playing second contest that was a burn
it's okay Germany Spain was better that
is a big ass spider Oh what is on his
back giggles Oh babies see it like shiny
I think those are eyes around a year and
a half maybe two years ago actually I
think I was two years ago olga kay
taught me how to juggle some kind of
detail how to juggle trust me you guys
this took me a long time to figure out i
think it was like an entire night she's
gonna watch this if you like no no no no
no no no i don't know
that's my russian accent I guess I don't
I always like picked out guys just like
you do that yeah maybe that way is
better
oh yeah yeah see if your mom can do it I
can do that all right this is we need to
have all good teach you how to juggle
next time you had a third ball okay
that's yeah I don't think she can do
that I want to slow mo your face right
now
shall we should we share sweet berry to
teach us Charlie's trying to take all
the balls okay gotta give that back you
gotta get that back we're trying to
learn thank you
okay just drop it walk okay now she's
still your ceiling one two can I have
that please
hackie i don't think i've ever played
hacky says so
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley Rihanna's fiance Ali you can
watch a decision from the internet
