down I'm gonna miss that yeah you got a
car ok so we're heading to the airport I
think we're on time and we're not gonna
miss our flight so that's gonna be
awesome yeah it's really good news and
now we play the waiting game yes it is
so we made it through security and rent
little late so we gotta run hurry have
yourself fall down your back Tom Waldo
more waiting games Allegiant Air I don't
hear he didn't heard of that airline all
right now this is a healthy breakfast I
haven't actually had a little container
like this so little sauce
micro-star send it to the interest
government
early hundreds Inca mountain
get on the ground 40 minutes past
so we have landed in houston and we have
to rush across the airport and we have 1
30 minutes 30 see if we can make this
and then we're home it's I'm so tired
I'm so excited what I got the doggies
got some news little bone but I like
frosting hey oh yeah I thought I was
gonna go get fruit I was like I'm gonna
get fruit that's where she go through
especially cuz they amazing it's got
caramel and chocolate on it too but it's
free fruits cancelled out by the layers
of Chuck what I love que Bonita Kenya
yummy this is a thing about caramel
apples or candied apples or whatever you
are called you say candied apple or
caramel apple what do you say oh that's
yeah get a little something there
there's a difference like caramel apple
and candied apples got to read on it oh
I'll take that red sweet
can you guys find Waldo
I would just like to have them tossed me
okay Tony thinking could be a surprise
baby coos
yo give him some ice cream actually you
know what those designs look like they
looked exactly like the graphic design a
pita pit ya did it I want fits the same
people oh by the way we're back in tampa
that's my mom you're just magically time
travel oh oh speaking of time travel oh
I put a video on you I was talking by
phone and i want to show you this check
this out oh got the sale lady still of
this leah get ready look oh I would
think that'll put us in Tampa around six
ish she was totally creeping on me
wasn't she dude that chicks grouping
that was hilarious also you like this
like this voice action here that I'm
like I can't I can go to a certain know
like the moment of truth we're gonna see
if Marlene Zoe actually missed us nice
shirt Thanks she stole my shirt here hey
funny crazy time are high though
whoa all right your screech ear than
them come here dudes up I guess they're
done they're done they're over it never
mind Oh crazy that was pretty intense
good let you use man in there Zoe was
like going after the bag I forgot that I
had these oh my good
rossville it stressed me out let's not
do that yeah this is the this is the
fancy backstage iJustine
because I don't act like you're on when
I 14 th okay yeah see you're right there
you guys are awesome Johnson Charlie
shall we have already what you saw yeah
no good I lovers I mean this isn't this
person we can't do this yeah
just so nervous I know I'm really good
actually you'll be fine your natural
will what salute suppose that's from el
hawa
if you don't know it just mumble along
right one two three
Oh your turn you did awesome thank you
you guys did awesome for level yeah
we're where are you taking us music
really like when my dad's car oh shit
yeah you never again oh no we go to
shine even hide in there I like out this
is the fancy backstage no no I'm glad
that's down here not in our room paper
okay guys look so everyone thinking this
is really fancy that's just a kitchen
like this great know now that there is a
string
we're going to do this we move is
because it just wasn't cheesy enough
that's right down look at the area Oh
what's the matter their bill don't you
hate it when you can't get that last
little piece oh yeah don't do it man
she's scared don't make me laugh is this
a go come out my nose come further
interruption shining or you just relax
ring over the empty place hahahahaha
with those further delay letting this
one slide down his throat
what once again then this would slide
down to slip it is bad that's not good
man that's disgusting Oh Jonathan I just
like to point out that she did not bring
the safety footwear i'll have to say
found that is this little piggy went to
market absolutely he went home it is it
bad okay
Oh
my eye
came down from my home planet and I all
is the guy who was like a video or
anything he saw me and I was like
imagine being that could kid with a
confirm and I was like can I put me with
my dog and my person and how those
what's a log sculpture that is the truth
no it's untrue that's the truth though
it's untrue we were kids we didn't have
friendly vs it's pretty treason you
can't then you can't that's not
conventional my adding it in Wikipedia
for ever goes out with you do then go
down the escalator you could I'll get
there I'll get there eventually I was
trying to wait for you I'm sorry but we
gotta walk down
Oh
say just tell me when we get the past i
don't kill myself how you're gonna
you're gonna you're gonna die i hears
this we were just going to so I don't
know thank you for that yeah shoot the
Baker guys yeah you don't recognize that
yo son rightly bugging you sent into a
senior say I want you to leave a sloppy
part on my face I want you to even
fluffy powder on my face
oh they love their daddy what's up rook
what's up rook but you were impossible
to focus let's good practice let's get
these guys oh yeah that's not gonna
happen oh you know I'm not waiting
anymore I'm just gonna eat this I feel
like we're not gonna get that hose is
warm enough I am see you guys you know
Oh Bettina you see eyes get those big
marshmallows like what's that all here's
the thing is he's a regular regulation
size no crack single price alright so
the chubby bunny Bay's really hurting
involve speedo unless especially one
each other we're gonna do like whoever
will chop your like don't we do it world
comes Rizzuto who ever got a little
different i have finalist in everything
i have to find a about those because i
thought you were like oh that's our
chinny Miriah Turner of like we're
totally prepared for every over so sorry
alike all do like one at a time and then
let's wait around turn the moment truth
who do you think we should give it to
we're gonna give it a Zoe cuz Marley's
let's steal it anyway yeah what is that
well there's like that's not food I was
expecting food good get the sticker
that's a food did you find Waldo did you
find the ball down Oh
every time who gets the penguin all
right now everyone's happy now she's
trying to steal the penguin I think so
all right I want that toy anymore you're
right there oh well it is good to be
home that's for sure guys um sorry the
son of the vlogs a little bit kind of
short as you can see we were on a plane
all day and I'm kind of tired actually
we got back and I actually fell asleep
on the floor why everyone is rocking out
the rock band one of those say thank you
to all the people that came out to
VidCon and we got to mean I want to ask
you guys and if you came to VidCon and
got a photo with Ali my step for both of
us send it over to me go to our website
and you can attach a photo to it and
send you know in the subjects a big con
photo because I would really like to
have it that maybe I'll put it like a
collage or something or just upload it
to our Facebook group actually each
brought you to the facebook group that
are do both just do both that way I
definitely able to see this is how
awesome this is why YouTube is so
awesome in the community around YouTube
I think I heard there was like five or
six cameras that were lost just you know
misplace them kind of like what I did
and all of them were returned every one
of them was returned that doesn't happen
anywhere else well I mean I shouldn't
say that but typically if you're on here
going to a city and you leave your
camera at mcdonalds your camera's gone
not at VidCon now with the YouTube
community it's a real it it's a
beautiful thing it's such a deep
emotional beautiful thing I don't know I
just I thought that was an amazing
little OMG fact for you well I guess I
should go home go to sleep I will see
you guys tomorrow it's good to be home
and
thank you for being so understanding at
my shortness if you if you you know if
you want a long video just go watch the
last three or four I think they're like
20 minutes each or go watch the ones
that I uploaded a cellphone video and
then I'll be back tomorrow I'll be back
while speaking of which what is the
expendables movie come out I want to see
Arnold wait don't have the video i
completely forgot I mean idiot I'm a
total idiot Ali has a new challenge on
her video in this one's called the
fireball the atomic fireball challenge
and guess who's in it me because you
guys were saying I'm too much of a wimpy
wimp sterk that I couldn't do it so I
didn't go check that out on Ali's
channel YouTube back up sochi Ali you
can click the little thing at the end of
the video and go show her some love wait
just wait for the chubby bunny 12 that
one's gonna be amazing as Smosh and Las
Vegas Barbie prankvsprank and Olga Kay
day storm youtube explosion all right
now now it's officially and I guess
atomic fireball challenge click here to
watch that was totally epic wasn't it a
big voice the big boys for the win
it's coming again there's morning he's
Charles Charles champion with my Lisa
Rihanna's fiance alley you can watch my
channel any indecision from the internet
