hey guys so I totally lost my voice
getting going up we're going down so
ready go watch the world cup with
everyone are all one downstairs oh it's
in this one never mind i was cooking for
one more down I sound like a horse this
is awesome
really it's like a movie theory
all the time you guys watch this this
game will be over but I want to know who
you would like actually rooting for
Oh
haha
yeah the quietest soccer match I've ever
been to everyone is just like watching
like it's a movie
oh my god
good thank you
oh no it's okay camera shy VidCon gotta
find Ali because it looks like spain
just scored
she's probably guys
good job
toldja I told sister crying it's the
last day of VidCon everyone's leaving
it's a sad day we're gonna do it a
little clip for day storms do a music
video about you of VidCon actually it's
about VidCon where's it gonna be on song
y'all can get an exclusive sneak yeah
when you uploading it I'm friday friday
baby choice is gonna leave by the way of
course i just got a great for it so we
gonna rock it out we like in mich but
that's what I do that's what that's what
I do hello guys still got the stamp from
yesterday that's weird okay so we're
gonna do the chubby bunny and we got a
few people to do youtubers to which is a
couple as we are yeah I know so we got
who's actually doing it got one too okay
we got a lot okay this is gonna be a
stepping chubby bunny now they're all
the bloggers so instruction what is this
no
yes Jaya stretch of your cheeks give a
tactic how you gonna do this I'm gonna
make my mouth really moist that makes
this much man that song sounds bad so I
have to finally can fries maybe I can
get yeah okay this will be the grand
prize grand prize all right i got the
grand prize I just took it off the thing
out there yeah greenbrae clean it
seriously where are we gonna put them
out over the edge by the way I don't
know I don't here we go here we go okay
how are you really prepared you know
we're here with friends and terrific on
2010 and we have all these lovely people
here you can shop okay we're not playing
I got playing keep the heat I don't know
play they start your plan I what
happened Smosh one half of smaug
frankerz Frank Las Vegas Barbie
a challenge the rules are that we have
to be able to say chubby bunny wait it
was a 76 Wow oh you just have to see
this on Ali's channel in a week or two
so make sure to subscribe to his channel
with this epicness that was so intense
all good i have like tiny mouths i guess
i don't know we did not do though are
you gonna throw up Holly forgot her chai
tea from Thursday do you throw up aren't
you it's bad get rid of it hey rid of it
Oh eyes lately Oh lesson learned make
sure to throw away your starbucks chai
tea and don't wait three days so we're
just kind of resting right now
think we're gonna go get some dinner and
then I think we head back Marco we put
that back around the eight I think and
the big toast easily Miley I miss them I
miss those little rascals but you have
in common I cannot believe how awesome
she's been it's been it's been a trip
uh-uh do what I did see what I did oh
gosh what do you think do you think I
and I need to move out the LA should we
stay in Florida where should we go
something crazier like Vancouver like we
were saying earlier I don't know still
toying with the idea about moving out
here one of the what you guys actually
think do you think it'd be better if we
were on here or do you think it's better
that we're like separated let's have a
debate in the comments should he move my
voice is getting a love I'll to the guys
that dudes in a speedo I don't know I'd
be kind of weirded out that isn't a
speedo and those are all little kids and
he's just swimming along in a speedo
that's a little weird that's a little
I'd be kind of weirded out if I was a
parent anyway I voice is getting a
little bit better I don't sound like
Justin Bieber anymore I'm chewing their
gum
so they're the supplements and you
should get watch their video actually
how was VidCon did you love it subbase
little Chewbacca's think they missed you
please yumeiro it What's Wrong you sad
ready get it ready okay there's no way
oh hey is they gonna want it is it mine
my baja so we're to go miniature golfing
in the door it starts here right here
yeah
whoa who do you thinks gonna win what do
you thinks gonna win right here tell us
in the comments will be filled over Tony
Lindy Wow or myself okay it's a win
boys go to four
it's so weird in here and you barely see
it happen you see the glowing bracelet
oh ok yeah this isn't rollback dancing
up where they going so close Stone stone
shark
recalculating happens we're halfway
there I wanted to go away moment of
truth or these for the halftime
so Sue's there I'm bad at adding are
these right who's 28 we can double check
out final it was 28 28 is him Tony
Chinese money Tony's so far you're
winning suck place who Susan's that
place alright so tony is a 28 and guess
who's the second me I have 29 Allie
would have you lost second the last last
hour chart for suck place so you're
going down Tony going down they turn the
lights on when isn't look it's cool
there's the thing i think phil is
overtaking the lead though we'll see
18th hole like skeeball Oh what is go
see you got that thing that I got
Tony tried everything to there we go
three okay by four I'm really i think
you're pretty far out sweet oh just
turning of the light six yes oh my god
that killed you I just seriously lose
the weight no that's not sure because
actually that's only two he said like to
bid 140 so 55 okay I always telling it
up serious business now what's up mama
crude this oh yeah I know everything's
rigged turned are you kind of they've
already like turn out all the lights
turn off the music it was out yeah
you're not gonna believe it oh oh no I
don't like that hide wait wait wait
there are only three places here the
only three places EMS time whoa hey a
little nervous drumroll please
china in third place with 62 points
Lizzy oh shit back in place wait now we
gotta leave before they lock us in yeah
oh yeah where you're right did you call
it did you call it i won t be CTFxC how
do we get out of here so Tony just gave
me a fun fact you see those two
buildings right there those were the
ones that Edward Norton and I guess
we'll fight club they blew up at the at
the end spoiler I'm sorry totally just
ruined that movie come on it but it's
been what 10 years yeah I think so yeah
people that's the the building's they
blew up so that's cool alright bye
YouTube
people been leaving notes she chosen
Allie please remember your friends love
beetle he's such a sweetheart of course
we remember you that's awesome just like
lame dogs right there in the hall hey
that's so cool fast so cool best weekend
like I was so nice to meet every really
key I'm really really sad it's over I
know vidcom was definitely a success um
yeah actually you know what I was
actually help putting all those videos
about the day if you aren't subscribed
to the cell phone channel you can click
at the end of this video it'll take you
to a playlist I don't know it's gonna
let on they'll take you to a playlist of
all the videos they're not in the vlog
all these videos are not enough did was
exclusive to the cell phone channel so
you can go check that out but I Hank and
John vlogbrothers I cannot believe wait
this what will happen what okay it's a
camera the camera oh yes kudos on if you
didn't weren't able to come to VidCon
this year um tell me what VidCon part 2
because this was awesome this is
probably the coolest youtube gathering
that have ever been to and unbelievable
i met we meant so many awesome CTFxC or
so many of them and you guys were so
supportive here's you guys were so
supportive when I was I was so nervous
on those that stage and you guys made it
so you're so welcoming and you may even
yeah and plus you know slow-dancing with
hank was pretty pretty awesome oh you
didn't see that you didn't see that okay
here's a photo
yeah it was pretty awesome so we're
gonna go to bed we gotta pack and um I
gotta edit this now and we're gonna be
traveling back to Florida so if this
vlog is late I'm sorry but it will be
uploaded also oh wait and also I gotta
take your challenge video the fireball
challenge oh yeah I might not feel to
upload that today i'll have to fry
upload it tuesday i'm sorry but it'll be
up on Ali's channel on Tuesday and then
we got the chubby bunny the next week oh
there's so many all right good night
guys I'm talking with you much and I
need you say my voice thank you guys for
making VidCon amazing and yeah we love
you we parted be so what
he's Charles Charles Trippy with my Lisa
Rihanna's fiance ality you can watch me
on this channel what are your decision
for the internet
