good morning LA wait it's weird la
smells like bacon day to VidCon I've
almost officially lost my voice I
guarantee by Monday it's gonna be gone
um today we go on stage which is a
little nervous I'm uh I'm a little
nervous about why I'm okay i was telling
people it's really easy to go up there
you know when i was in a band you know i
had like three other guys um but when
it's just like you and Ohio House out
yay um I just get really nervous that's
I'm going down I'm gonna go find shake
that he goes on in 10 so it's like
pushing the limits I gotta get down that
quickly oh we're gonna put the thing
that one that one that one that one it's
gonna be this one I'll be this one watch
how are you
GT
g
this
it's just not
Oh
sighs
Oh
Charles so cool to see myself
alius now
I should just happens I this this could
be like a game yeah I'm a favorite of
California now
well you know he was an sxephil
and of course is like totally awesome
Phil DeFranco natural talk
terrible wife Ellen this camera
you can't really see that that is a
giant and it is squishy
someone needs to get down there I just
asked for ketchup and instead of like
you know what I would imagine that city
of normal serving or ketchup I got like
a sealed individual serving ok I was
like I'm Way too excited about this
right now
what's the craziest couple on YouTube
we've already talked about this but they
cranked each other you should go see cuz
it's really funny did you better bring
some like you guys are way more creative
way more creative do some stuff talk
I don't understand what they're saying
when they say water water
since she likes you want water where I
can't even say it like what do you want
water stop filming seriously he's so
annoying rest of our group so a night
sitting with honor she's news with no
just gonna see the way oh you know
you're here to Ben ok so and clarinet
and obviously hello so I'm sitting at
the table and I literally walk away from
the table and I'm talking to Charles and
saying oh my god RC news is here toward
and lindsey is like are you fucking
stupid you were just sitting next to
them I literally was sitting next to
them eating dinner and yeah we were
thinking so you want to get it's too
late because there is ur I didn't hear
any like t-pain this I didn't hear any i
know i did anything yeah you guys pretty
much you guys don't sound the way you
sound online liars anyway so i'm
dragging this on to making it awkward
but they're very awesome and really
funny and if you haven't subscribed look
at this you like this angle
scribe I don't know what your life's you
should even get off youtube or go
subscribe to that works and there you go
right there not like you need my help
but you know that was too hard to record
what I'm going to say hain world and as
soon as I do I want you to say in unison
as loud as you can hey man
you can cause I've been trying to find
Ali she's disappearing so fun other kids
look how pretty she loves
sup man we're just about to go on we get
the great willing to see he's gonna be
helping us moderate all your questions
I've got the great CTFxC to moderate I
mean if you if you don't know who he is
you've been living under a rock obvious
yeah but I mean it's the highlight of my
life moderating for CTE hopefully your
fans will treat me with a gracing
dignity bit better better feel actually
going to go on three I'm just gonna
yeah we should try and find the audience
be like Charles nailin have first and
that will be like God is getting it oh
there's John Green yeah my my my my life
goal has been accomplished actually not
gonna do the rest of you give me that
the turkey wasn't it though yeah
teristic as a turkey though no just
forget better than that that was wrong
because you don't want to say no to
wrong yeah yeah like holding a turkey
got to be like I really don't want it
good it's like they are you sure you
don't be a business
oh yeah we're here I love you oh my god
this is awesome oh wow I'm gonna like
have to climb in this chair ah thank you
for coming back I hope that you had a
nice boat now I feel powerful I'm trying
to make it hard on the camera man i'm
gonna duck i'm gonna dive okay i'm gonna
go over here you guys i love these guys
I would I want to have them for my whole
I want to have them fill my blogs that's
what I want um it is now my pleasure to
introduce YouTube's top ah youtube news
person I have to tell you my life dream
is to be a winner on YouTube winners and
losers it will probably never happen but
maybe maybe someday ladies and gentlemen
the will of DC hey everybody how's it
going oh there's two chairs I guess
obviously on the entire time okay so
thank you John and everyone I think it's
time to go tell your friends to
subscribe to the vlogbrothers let's get
him on the top 100 just we only have ten
minutes let's hurry up bring them out
Charles and Ali's CTFxC
rocket rocket so we got to mikes we'll
work it out it's okay all right so just
doing the Q&A oh sweet i get a chair I'm
moving up in the world that's why I'm
saying okay so first question you want
stop with the basics oh yeah how are the
desiccant using like the front um yeah
we did a Twitter question things so well
being completely OCD went through all
the questions and then we're just going
to answer some questions here because
you guys probably know us better than we
know ourselves and you might have some
questions um so for those who don't know
do you want to tell how you met and how
this wonderful thing started uh we let
us take my space what's my space myspace
doesn't go to my school actually yeah
someone asked me this and I think it's
more like it's the other way around it's
like if I'm bickering or beat like naggy
to him he'll just sit there in like as
I'm speaking he'll just have the camera
in his hand and be like fight Lulu our
bathroom in our apartment okay random
side note when I walk out I have to go
around the corner to leave the bedroom
and I have a mirror set up now so I can
see around the corner because he jumps
around the corner and scares me or
sometimes like I'll walk out of the
bathroom and I'll see Zoe's tail look
around the corner and I know he's there
cuz I see her why she gives it alone
nice and how long do you plan on
continuing the CTFxC vlogs you 4ever
the question for Ali I didn't play final
shops and stuff like that but let's your
favorite video games like all time I
know maybe Zelda okay yeah you want the
cool answer or the real answer honestly
I'm totally obsessed with a game called
bubble bubble for nes yes the pool
treatment i'm doing my favorite like the
music like I just love that game sorry I
just sank I'm smoking for powers that's
re your ears are like really hurting
honestly legend of zelda ocarina of time
I don't want to i'm actually about to
fight Ganondorf like when check out the
light arrows um I I don't want to end
the game but but I'm probably just gonna
start it over once I finished so and I'm
dumb but uh how did you get Marlins
owing how old were they when you got off
I got her rescue them both from like
kill shelters I think Zoe turns yeah no
kill shelters I'm sorry place where the
hilltop oh my god Zoe five years ago
Marlene III so now they're just becoming
pool and now the yeah Marley's yeah
Marley's like just kind of passed the
asshole stage like she's still got t239
she's got the but anyway now we love you
guys is there any show on YouTube where
we could possibly learn more about you
oh this is thing called stir fry TV yeah
i think that Professor Wilson
we got these guys very much guys but any
well somewhere on this side is the one
you got your mom hi by yourself you
because I thought it was so cool on vlog
whether or not sponsored by okay I
haven't played a video game since Lee
Zeldin so I didn't work the xbox 360 so
I had my brother plant Foreman and I
told him what to do because I was like
le do this she's just so appreciate like
okay thank you and you have great taste
old debate Twizzlers first red vines
which are better courses you say
Twizzlers even if I was eating a red
wrong thing I would think of eating Jam
except the book and a like do you have
an advantage oh yeah
today's vlog crunchy by twizzlers and
red vines I'm just gonna cop who it is
haha
oh yeah it's only Marley of competition
now so cute big yacht I know
okay if you're watching YouTube again
you've not seen this face yeah you're
obviously a new bun ug this is brett
spread half of rats bread and then what
else what else did you do for a specific
sandwich I don't talk about nothing I'm
just gonna I'm gonna see if anyone in
the comments this recognizes your page
what did you do in the commercial link
did you eat something to do really
excited you're excited about family
there's a really cool new chicken
sandwich I'll see if you recognize them
and then go check out brats and friendly
you guys need to make it more a lot more
videos hoping that we get inspired fixed
or maybe a douche off part to actually
shop like 1000 exclusive it explodes go
check mountains that happened in general
a baby pulling somebody's monocle out
from there talking or something I didn't
catch a great guys from whoa you twins
okay you're not seeing doubles okay what
are you from California give anything I
say
CTFxC and an open
hey open
aaron has been one of the die hard CTFxC
I felt like I have to put in the video
prior to actually seen her Justine's
video right yeah so go check her out
she's really awesome really nice and she
knows how to edit so it's really nice
internet television
Oh
Oh KETV after party
this film
there's no watch I can see you talk
about knowledge over and over very
finely pay attention we finally pays
hey woody woody that's me what why Miami
hi we have this super fancy place yes
really do I even have to say it
Gloucester come
Oh
Oh
LG oh jeez there's so much love in there
today no camera you know it's actually
you know you get like high five people
want to go in the other way like oh my
god yeah it's very much jump oh yeah no
we could you oh my gosh that would be
the best stunt ever holy crap now this
is what you call an actual restroom you
can actually rest have to go pee weird
look who I found my good life time buddy
hey now look at it all you have an
announcement to make today yeah they're
gonna see it in like five minutes you'll
see taare or 24 hours late so you know
whatever go subscribe to the elevator
show let's pray I got my start actually
you know what Daniel Tosh was on there
but was any other show back in the day
years we've got a season once I know
instead of 645 VF on you like that
actually really
my my first aim name was bull dude day
that I got in the first year being on
YouTube I think it was said and I had
30,000 subscribers that I was like ten
most subscribed at the time so I mean
that's a show is healthy you know he's
very minimal for me and these you that I
am yield revealing okay hey my name is
Eddie my youtube channel at youtube com
I'm an awesome lady gaga from Paris some
serious CTFxC army dude CTFxC for the
way yeah yeah guess it's got me
subscribe
Oh
nah
two
Oh
atta boy like you with a game
can you see that little snail I was
about to sit on him that's what people
eat man escargot oh man that looks good
glug I've never seen one oh he's so
graceful though look at them what's up
buddy you crash going to shit okay
honestly I was scared for her life just
that I okay you guys this game where you
keep yelling I
fun you pick the elevator what you think
is gonna first you're wrong this is all
I think this one yes we're just going to
go once more we're just lazy but I think
it's fun
we're gonna repeat the whole table ready
for your mother kids are gonna get you
laid just kids watching the show
she's sweating so much what I was like
oh yeah and he's like oh my god my hands
in there coming we're very friendly
we're good why it's like one first floor
like what the hell see you later
mother
