morning guys um as you can tell I've
lost my voice but as you can tell look
at this look at this look oh it's back
happiness Thank You Angelo welcome to
VidCon today is the official day so we
gotta find Phil he's gonna start
speaking
don't know we're in other stain
dan right there everybody was blogging
when we were searching for him so I've
got Internet this shirt keep looking at
it keep looking at losing the game
my shirts better
I don't know I mean I know a certain
portion of my audience what they're
laying about everything's got a
different story I mean that's the beauty
of YouTube I mean sometimes that comes
to me where meet someone in real life
video response and look how dedicated I
am I'm taking a moment to come up to the
the hotel and with a hotel where Ivan
left the hotel in like a day it's and so
this thing's crazy but I'm uploading
another video to the cellphone channel
see I've been I'm keeping you guys
updated I promised I would do it as a as
if vlog or as a dedicated vlogger how's
it gonna spa cyst I can go back
downstairs and that's fun so ever if you
guys aren't here at VidCon and you want
to see what's going on and you don't
want to wait 24 hours our cellphone
channel I'm uploading as much as I
possibly can
it's getting tiring maybe I won't do it
anymore you know what I'm not gonna do
it anymore I'm just kidding I'm good I'm
gonna keep doing it like you guys too
much was that weird oh do you know we
needed okay okay tomorrow we speak we
speak we speak or we answer questions on
the stage around noon so if you're
watching this tomorrow actually sue me
uploaded when we're on the stage anyway
here's something I want to get everyone
to do I want to have everyone singing
the end of our theme song and in the
crowd I think that'd be really cool see
if we can do it fingers crossed
hopefully they know the lyrics better
than I do how it's really bad they don't
know the lyrics all the time by the way
is my voice totally awesome too much
yelling it's crazy
all right which one do you think it's
gonna be I think it's gonna be this one
all right so you've heard the Christian
Bale remix yes here's the face you see I
see I think somebody's people downloaded
your stuff so yeah well your fans have
been so awesome CTFxC likes and yeah and
we all know this guy what's the other
one you remember we were obsessed with
that for what three vlogs but I don't
know Twitter icon
hi
oh great it's really busy we're trying
to find some food without any help from
other youtubers that's true
really close it helped me you know this
is Bob they know they've always said
nice things about me and they've always
made videos check out my blog link and
then the people even now the hi
subscriber people who I see these videos
to the roots of three youtubers probably
Hamish things I want to this question
because I'm very aware three maybe
YouTube's that I would like to think of
it
we never made a video my question is
so we're gonna go check out the
penthouse apparently there's a what why
aren't you dancing in being in
chandeliers
holy crap
hello wow this is nice
check the bathroom there might be a
tiger somebody's been here I love you
too
Oh Los Angeles actually Phil where are
we right now as far as that wait wait we
have two balconies is that a third one
yeah Wow oh no we we have this is ours
we just took it over and it's just like
we walked into our random penthouse and
you know it's ours now look at how just
like hey make yourself at home here's
the view from our hotel
the MGM building that's where Joe lives
funny joke ok so this is our review said
I'd film another nice camera and there's
the pool we can stock people and be
creepy
you're still here this is been taking
like how many photos is all good and
she's creating a series oh we gotta get
photo
now your eyes are closed
so in the penalized by the doing is
collecting people that have the ability
to just record audio data phone and so
what I sent them was this so I said
we're headphones and send me back you'll
be fine just breathe so that's actually
a pretty good one and so on as I was
building this thing I got an email from
her
it was like this
no I like it though stay there stay just
stay there the whole time how long can
you hold that
I did my super note with blues by the
way a long time ago yeah I'm filming
this action
oh yes this gentleman did a great
performance I'm just oh my god a child
should be high
oh my god I'm not a big fan oh really
thank you thank you I don't even know if
that was on video but they're doing
hello but yeah say like that sorry
so we're here getting some free free
drinks free drinks and food and guess
what I just talked today Frank yeah I
did total total fangirl right here total
fangirl anyway so see let's play game on
who you recognize recognize anyone yet I
recognize this guy this guy coming right
over here this guy
there's the aerial shot okay they knew I
was coming they made a giant see that
was nice of them
see if we can see anybody nope give up
hi Caitlin
you can't see us so you asked for it and
you got it DeStorm I can't rap so you
want to teach me how to do this imma
teach them how to do it okay I'll start
with Siri syllables like cat hat and
back then we'll work out the doubles
like canon banning and dannan you don't
like the yogurt and then we're gonna
work our way off of the tripperz but I
got to warm them up and you have a
little come back together we won't do it
go check him out though I'm sure you
already know him though MGM he says all
the video of music pretty much for MGM
so mr. chairman I'm sorry look at this
you got pranked first prank over here if
you don't know them it's a huge you
gotta take them out you have to check
them out
you see what soldier
he's got babies here
this what's been happening everyone's
just gonna convening in this I guess
Lobby I guess you can call it the lobby
get some tea this custom cheese
I know the best things that use them in
a thumbnail without it - it's my
birthday
what's my present
so I'm here I'm late to the party Derek
come here he's he's a strong dude but
he's very sensitive
you guys can't really see anything but
we're here
go to bed we have the presentation
presentations main questions answers
whatever new and yeah I'm just tired I
got a head before anything wrong there
we go yeah if you're a big gun you have
a question ask away
other than you can't even tell if I'm
totally losing my voice sorry that sound
like it sound like Justin Bieber right
now going through puberty I'm sorry
Justin I know you watch these vlogs but
yeah it's been a really awesome day I've
met a lot of awesome people actually and
now it's time just to get some sleep and
start again tomorrow
hey guys he's Charles Charles champion
with more Lisa V and his fiancee Allie
