hi Internet we are back for a new
challenge game it with us and you is it
kind of kind of like a almost like a
quiz I guess yeah we're doing basically
we're doing the newlywed game that we've
been newlywed or where we've been
married for like almost three months
so we're newlyweds whistles do that's
right hopefully Charles gets the right
answers about me and vice versa some of
these questions
I'm afraid of yeah I don't really know
and we're going to tally up to see at
the end of the game who knows who enter
the loser has to we'll figure that yeah
well we'll figure it out loser get some
figure good ones or losses yeah and the
other person get to rub it in their face
what is Charles favorite color
okay flip turtle purple
so yeah at one point hang on tight
what if Ali's most irritating habit I
don't know if it's a habit though just
something you're getting about me yeah
leaves clothes everywhere
I just am indecisive that's actually
that's also irritating Thank You Lee
close so what happens on that one doing
we're wrong but do it I am like I am i
doing my cousin and then I'd leave him
everywhere should I start folding them
when they stop she leaves them
everywhere yeah so no biggest point is
that how I'm working I know what scares
Charles the most
spiders right i really freaking hate
spider I flip spiders and snakes if I
could add another point
okay now you're gloating if Ali won the
lottery what would be the first thing
she would buy me a free confident this
was this is a hard one
every family something every family
member something a bunch of land okay hi
Lillian hang on
that is true though I would totally so I
get wing yeah but I really went by and
land still discovering so that's
everything for my family but that isn't
moving forceps definitely for my family
all in violent and I just don't have a
bunch of puppies I get a point at least
what does Charles spend the most money
on three electronics aka drone okay yeah
okay so yeah I run every technological
device management okay that's electronic
that's actually kind of true I was gonna
say electrons I wanted to become an
anthem
what does ally sexiest pajamas look like
Harry I just don't see anything
this is shaking it up a little bit ready
I said underwear only t-shirt under it
hi Aylin Nathan I got a t-shirt well I
mean okay yeah dang it how often do we
go on dates uh uh I don't want to leave
I guess it true I don't know that even
though it doesn't but it's kind of
that's what I mean okay uh name three or
Alex favorite band top right bar okay
that's the one okay - right okay I wrote
Finch thrice and we've kings we got
really good I you don't expect this a
hard one that one that one I like all
those I'm gonna give you a point okay I
guess Canyon paper okay
two three I could describe Charles in
one word what would that word be okay
it's getting good this doesn't describe
you as a person is described you just
right right
driven determined hey that's the same
thing right well fun for me - if I were
describe your mother or my mother-in-law
your mother and she was an animal what
animal was your mother be yeah a bear
alignment okay I said bear because your
mom doesn't date from anybody doing a
line log to the align s because she
always defends her children and she's
very strong-minded and strong-willed and
she doesn't need a big line to defend
okay when was Charles first kid okay win
one yeah what how how old were they is
that kind of it because I don't know the
year it could be some that okay right
yeah right yeah
fourteen okay that's totally off that's
way off course fourteen is like middle -
okay as middle school I thought you were
pind yeah we don't know each other
what song best describes ally good yeah
three two one can't stop believing super
freak in that simple free super break
you can't stop even what is that because
you're such a positive believer you
believe good things come from everybody
great I'm sentimental he's a weird good
weird person super freak if Charles
could wear one item of clothing for the
rest of his life what would it be
stop black shirt black jeans black shirt
Martha one thing ended I said one okay
well black shirt - I thought I'm gonna
be black shirt or your converse and I
was like you don't know I suggested I
think that he would she was like oh the
converse just for a little bit because
he wanted frickin black t-shirt
collection I'm getting upset huh if Ally
had one superpower what would it be one
superpower or anything why we do
something nice
no just one okay fine just like I'm
going to take out know helping people no
no this one superpower that's all you
have to do is you're going to be maybe
five times its draw a doodle okay well I
explained it why I was going to say five
but I said someone's want to have unit
superpower so like a Brighton is make of
those who are sat side come maybe think
all happiness done Houdini but anyway I
know you do with this but I would be my
second one so I'll give you that slide I
was going to write down fly I really
would fly so I get a point there being
super cheesy
how I not said that before though okay
have I not said that you have I know it
prostitutes to be one curtain character
who would it be Ned Flanders damn I said
Bart Simpson over homework milk
no that's laters because he's ripped and
got killer mustache I was wrong and did
not get to be what exactly he's super
ripped you ever seen the show this one
now I know Charles just wants to be
super ripped and has a mustache like
that soon who usually gets their way God
what do you think me chow dang the gate
to these points I kind of get harder one
always get this love a frickin way I
mean you got that many yet fit so I only
have three what made him fall in love
with me Rick says he humor
oh she's pretty hot I run like this
it's okay that's it you gotta love me
complaining look well it's a humor Oh
Angie free hi thank you
so I get a point I got a point four to
six it happens what is the most
physically attractive thing on Ali to me
cuz I feel like I might say this and
then I'm gonna feel really embarrassed
if you say no but you always talk about
it and I'm gonna be so embarrassed with
everybody in the internet abuzz won't
you say that I have kind of doodle by
the time she's done her I was like
sounds you're like booty is the reason
why I said butt is because we always
start out I'm like man I have such a
plan apik and usually like I love you
but we shoot up in the next movie
yeah I like your eyes Thanks I even have
time to show it on a blind the pervert
and you're the nice side of time to
doodle by the time chattering hi this
one is going to be about what physical
feature of Charles if you like motor
sputters oh my beard this is our I do
have pretty freaking awesome arms I
don't know my beard yeah I hate your
beard I love you are like your lunch
he's a liar what clothing does Ali wear
that looks the best honor what do you
think nothing at all to do no nothing at
all wink wink
that's the thing what my most irritating
aven't in the bedroom she gets tired too
stays up all night
whoa TMI are we tied no hang on five to
six I'm catchin up okay fine what is
Ali's most repeated
sentence or phrase and do I find it
irritating I don't need to know what it
would be three it is what it is and yes
I do you think I'd say this that much
but I know that every time I say it it
really annoys it can have six six right
what word best describes Charles in the
morning
sherry do you remember the smellable
markers that kids why it does exist I
feel like I'm growing Ted cranky okay
dad
we're going to go whoever gets 10 points
I feel like this is one that always
every couple every married couple every
boyfriend and girlfriend always has
there's just a joke
what celebrity is Ali's free pass I know
mine you are not writing yours I know
I'm just saying I know line I have a new
one
there's two big topics and more I have
multiple people that I would want what
would you say
keep your Sutherland really I think
Chris Brad yeah I like Chris pressing
that I like I like a lot of people funny
like when he talks like this I like um
Ellen and I like to our dweller with
Charles pre-pack yes and I said Kate
Beckinsale okay that's people because
she's my female and he s focus because
yours was always Tina Fey that's like
that's the ultimate and I was like one
of those questions if you both had the
same one you know I just keep second
Samuel obscure Kate Beckinsale hi I'm
Carrie this is the walk you to say to
nobody got points what adjective
describes ally in the bedroom oh dear
God
girl eternal hey Graham oh I can't I
don't want to give that much information
out to the internet please all right
freaking the sheep I wrote it super
freaking first like okay we're going to
shoot the best all right but I put wall
in this one ok good point
so 7 7 where you hired up it's ok we're
on a 30 what time during the day is
Charles least appealing to me like time
a day like the actual time like my 4:30
p.m.
no like afternoon middle yeah ok
morning today no you're kidding
oh I got it right yeah ok two more and I
win what is Ally's idea of romance my
answer I love you think I wrote holding
hand time stuff together doing something
adventurous is romantic to me
who does the most work around some meat
that was quite a minute yes it was a
piece of paper you know that is not true
I do a lot into a lot of work outside of
it well I did a bullshit over there and
I planned all these paints out front
okay you know I should take back what
does Ali spend most of her time on her
phone doing okay pictures nope I run
Instagram or checking emails you did
pictures do not on my phone oh you're
right dang it how do I know when Charles
is lying I never lie
that is a terrible answer that is not
fair I am making it a point so every day
lies little bit shudders and then he
laughs and smiles good like I don't and
I don't know what you mean that's
actually going to true that is I just
point he never got to I'm just fucking
lighting you stutter never Matt smiling
people what is ally most insecure about
I said your smile even though it's
beautiful I get a boy my retired or am i
winning honey can you hear the paper
shuffling until we try to get up she was
asleep and the shoes woke up she's like
look detective okay I have one if
Charles were in the witness protection
program what would his name nickname you
there's new Navy okay go turd Ferguson
Jack cotton mouth Johnson heck is that
doesn't look uniquely now I want to be
that now when I check in the hotel's
there will be a jack cotton mouth
Johnson please and the heart one that
literally leave there funny how these
are sewn down if Ali could travel back
in time where would she go 1960 so cool
I couldn't 60 so close anywhere during
the 70s oh come on that's so close what
one thing with Charles never share with
anyone
singing I got this list I don't nothing
because then I would already told you
guys yeah yeah Thank You Lynn
seriously we're right behind me so we
really honest that happens those
questions I had no idea what the answer
was but we're guessing with this game
we've ever done we don't well I mean we
do I mean you have ten but there's still
one of you we need to learn about each
other after like that's what's the
beauty about every relationship yeah but
you're learning everyday you're learning
something new I'm happy to know that you
know at least eight things about me but
no with Remillard I know more nothing to
lie I'm a little I'm a little frustrated
that I lost but it was fun I don't even
know something about this amount don't
forget to subscribe if you guys just
found this video and please click like
if you enjoyed it
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye look at
this we got to go to the recycling plant
we have a better recycling this is
taking the river cycle plants nowhere
there it is honey
oh I just love him though is this tired
shoot spent chillin like this
you
