oh no this is never a good sign when
this thing's fact it's always a good
days it's a beber day it's early sick as
a look on Charles's face is just utter
pain and I think it's seen him back he's
not enjoying this he's definitely not
enjoying this I am colossal structures
blinky lights that's so pretty
Wow
okay good news student IDs work yeah
security most amazing part of traveling
when you make lifelong friends you guys
passed security since I was having on
the line there you guys pass security
and I was time to get on the airplane
you ready sleepy get your bioshock shirt
on so you've become awesome so we're on
the plane sorry the put you guys through
security and i can never be too sure
with the internet
so should be a direct flight so we
should be there around nine thirty
you're gonna do it here to get on both
channels
yeah the Michelin I'd say I always
thought he was like the Stay Puft
Marshmallow Man but these actually does
metal tires make sense special huh and
now you know
somebody up there watch their videos
me
good job dude
he just walked by it and stopped to say
hi just kind of had to go the bathroom
so
I'm crushing your
crush
so we safely landed in LA and we made we
may be the friends with a guy we
switched his head so sorry we switched
your head when you weren't looking and
it turns out the the dude who was
sitting next to us to actually respond
yeah bug Club he actually watched her
videos do so it was kind of cool was
really it was nice to eat everyone yeah
so there are really cool people so now
we got to go find our driver dude and
head over to that person just look at me
weird so what I'm talking to a camera
do a camera it's so bad about that other
something's going on so yeah we're gonna
go fine
we got to go to a meeting there's a
youtube partner meeting we have to head
out to so oh and PS wise is like 65
degrees in California don't get me wrong
I like it but Ali doesn't have pudding
prepare to be cold
you're over the last time we were here
in LAX I think Ali does it would make
for a funny story
alright gonna make you cry all right
right I remember only the rooms gone
they have so many problems are like
people just assume the thing I lose
their bad cuz you don't even need a
customer service you don't do anything
anyway Soto far back sugar I'm not
seeing any bags
okay so we're trying to find our driver
so I was
and I was running back into huh so I was
walking back forth not really paying
attention and guess who I ran into
literally blogs and literally run into
literally walked into I already told Ali
no no Lux from 30 rock if you don't know
who it is just google lux 30 rock and I
was lay off sorry dude he's like oh it's
a problem and then I was walking away
and I did one of those maybe I wanted to
record that it want to be the creepy
weird guy but he seems like a nice guy
yes I don't know but that's like my
first celebrity encounter are they right
there yeah recording the two blondes
right now go use them as thumbnails or
they could put them out
so they can suck now anyway so that's my
first celebrity count at an airport
that's for sure gay cars here yeah we
just went like zero to 60 actually
wheeze one we went 0 2 11 floors in like
three seconds it's actually a really
nice hotel it's got art get art on the
wall this is sweet wait what we're gonna
do oh you should totally jump on that
bed and defy everything this is a nice
room this is really nice oh no let's
play the guessing game on this okay okay
i'm gonna guess this cuz this is like
one of my favorite types chip wait
that's what they have here what
pellegrino something bud green up this
is gonna be four dollars what was it 350
550 so if we're doing the price is right
i won and i won um normally they're like
a dollar yeah there I should start
reading things this is kind of crazy she
keeps opening it and edit we charge just
805 so we just can't move that oh that's
like I gotta read science see that's my
that's my fault I never read science
this is nice see if you can find a room
from just one two three four thousand
five six seven eight nine thousand ten
second one second of floor that's pretty
awesome you like an hell we're totally
like impressed by the slightest things I
enjoy okay so that's pretty cool you
guys match the car though actually this
video you plan I know you know they do
kind of look alike reminiscence of
what's his name yes Johnny Depp's
character and Logan you wanna say yes
I'm like I was about to go kids kids to
hear this bat country can t naught is
it's like my attorney one in the mid
that the bats were flying everywhere you
guys up here I didn't want Oh spectra
second key hey
the question kind of a min dan you're
talking about it seems like you're
taking this catalog handle an
interesting kind of like what your dog
on the future internet video as far as
views and subscribers are concerned but
I wouldn't ask what he would say to
somebody who really only can do a video
once a month we're all dying just
nervous yeah yeah already endanger
everyone
No
tell you to cut me gaya
I was waiting to see how long it was
good groper totally walk into the first
connection when I was almost going to
say hi out thank God I did I don't know
like anything is the hug the yes houses
a girl friends of youtube do it a little
too long dude a little too long love
hurts oh I'm gonna admit this to you
right now
because I met you in your hair was for
like 10 minutes and had no idea with you
oh my god
ha basically man
all the time on doing all the time I
leave it's like everything
ha
across the room 79 his smile is so great
your skin you can lady michael buckley
from like forever hello
we were twins oh my god ok the first I
did this with the red camera before now
look at this kiss name's Andrew look
what it gave us a sign picture Weezer I
bet his dad wait so how did you get that
like I said oh are like your teenager I
said yeah he said well the action
prefers dad is the next bus driver
these are not your wife
I couldn't
awesome
so much any shirt is awesome yeah
give me some waffle fries
okay so I may have lost my camera but
you look right there that is mr. Belding
yes mr. building so maybe now I made up
for losing the camera so yeah leaving an
idiot I left my camera and we don't know
so if you are here at VidCon and you
found it black canon sd780 it's mine
I'll buy you a drink if you turn it up
those right here I just want the footage
so good cially big guys always one of
the face all right that's right there
well guys I don't know I'm hoping that
one of the Good Samaritans here at
VidCon oh look how nice that is one of
the good samaritan here at VidCon picked
up the camera and will hopefully find me
in the next couple days since we'll be
here till the 12th other than that I had
some really good footage I had some
really good footage on that camera and
I'm really bummed I really I'm kind of
sad I'm actually really sad I couldn't
share that so I'm just got to film extra
hard you know what I'm just gonna jump
just gonna chill
no maybe not sooo fucking tall plus I
don't want to ruin their dinner but now
in the comments without further ado you
can make fun of me and call me an idiot
face for those in the camera I'm sorry
guys you've been watching the the cell
phone channel throughout the Leo
yesterday i was uploading throughout the
day maybe he saw some footage that these
guys in this video won't use maybe i'll
just throw the cell phone videos in
there well I bunch eat today anyway I
gotta go meet up with everyone let's
just let's review now we're gonna do
this we're gonna do a play-by-play okay
I was mocking a person who was drinking
I was pretending I was pretending to be
jealous I broke the fucking glass door
just so we gonna do he's good I ya know
hi Olga captain Chuck
do something captain II tell him to do
something very going video to hate that
way like certain foes almost enema
listen I know it's been a while since
you guys have recognized those games no
I no expense while the granddaddy of you
think I know it's been a while here's
what I want to know Ruby you
oh this is the shell should be ours
Dave's gonna vlog there we go he already
fell just recovering the mic there you
go hey guys we're here
yeah Explorium check it out anyway this
is whatever is gonna be speaking in
performing it's a pretty legit venue
Charles you know good job
you're pretty good I'm thinking a pussy
videos yeah for sure i recommend kind of
camera shot
damus you
Oh
now i'm putting in the blood ok so
you've seen our intros on all our videos
the man who did it
and once you guys supposed to scribe
jobs and tell me is awesome did a good
job big prop it's probably there cheers
cheers Cheers
cheers to
get money years get money is oh my god
the kid the chair goes out
was it Wow so today I don't have to kill
myself and you know hey what's all don't
worry I don't have to commit myself
Angelo the security guy at the hyatt
phenomenal amazing called me got my
camera well regardless what's got you
laughs that's how weigh-in tonight do
this the black camera what did we lose
earlier we gotta go in our special room
this is it arpit fire pit oh ok I feel
so much more natural on this camera I
missed you i miss you guys I'm glad
there was some good Samaritans oh it's
freaking cold out here after you
California people this is really not is
this what we saw from above dude that's
ok
oh my god no way oh my god it didn't see
every that's crazy
google it just google the google a nice
ever break and you'll find some weird
guy sitting in Times Square
so so Smosh doesn't know who I am so
we're gonna have fun so here we go
oh my god
oh he's Charles Charles Trippy with
Marlene Rihanna's fiance alley you can
watch this channel what are your
decision from the internet
