okay so it's actually sunny today for
the first time in a really long time and
I'm just going to go
waltz around the pool here you can see
how beautiful it is today and how
hilarious this is what what's going on
here
is this spot for old Marley's it's like
a little preoccupied with getting my tan
okay I'm getting a nice based hand as
you can see I'm fairly on the on the
pale side I don't want to fry
I prefer to wait under the table that
we've any scraps fall I can get them
oh by the way guys I just got an email
from our little trip got an email from
the people that were going to the trip
with it looks like we can go to the
orlando gathering on the 24th so Ali and
I are gonna go to that I don't know
really much about it or where it is or
anything about it actually I'll try to
find out in the next couple days you
know any information about the orlando
gathering let us know to in the comments
cuz the sub bar stuff might be messed up
so we'll see you in Orlando if you're
not a VidCon well unfortunately we can't
bring the puppies no they're too much of
a pain in the ass I really do want to go
to Harry Potter land like what I'm just
a little bit wet go swimming oh so I
wanted to show you guys something
have you noticed okay if you've ever
went to the YouTube native app on the
iPhone you'll notice if you're on 3G the
videos are kind of crappy
well they've recently updated their
mobile version and I let me check its
app okay so they got a nice little icon
here let me switch to macro so you can
see what I'm doing here so as you can
see that kind of changed everything a
little bit now it's like this html5
version so it actually works okay let's
see your click here and you can look at
your own videos see if actually I'm
logged in no I'm not like in let me
login alright so you can go to my videos
see your videos if you click on it ok
check this out
you click on it now it looks just like
the YouTube thing you can actually thumb
up them down go to comments and then
here's the kicker okay I'm on 3G right
now watch what happens when I play the
video oh look it's myself recording
alright see the quality can't really
tell what it's grainy it's like the
YouTube app right it's kind of grainy
but check this out if you hit done okay
and now hit HQ for high quality and then
hit play you're gonna have like really
good video now it's gonna take a little
longer to load obviously hey Marlee and
you can't really tell but if you go on
you know the mobile version on your own
you can actually see how much nicer it
is but it's like Wi-Fi quality now
so I just wanted to show you that and
then whether there's some there's some
other cool things in here we show yeah
but she collected this little doohickey
you can browse you can go to your
subscription so you can watch all the
subscriptions that you have see yeah
yeah so here you can go check out all
those I just wanted to show you guys
since you know if you're like me you're
always on the run and trying to watch
videos makes it because the thing is I
hated the videos the end of the low
quality videos this is a lot nicer Shay
so you can just click it make sure HQ
hit play you can go oh that's a good
video I can thumb that up and yeah you
can thumb it up share it so yeah I just
wanted to show you guys you can leave
comments it's really really awesome so I
don't know I just like showing this
stuff to you guys
now you can watch our videos on the run
and leave comments get the frisbee up
you went the wrong way
yes just like doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo look at you Wow is
Marlee look like she's getting more
spots cuz I think she's getting a lot
more spots I mean she was these ones
that you could see but she didn't have a
least under I know and her body her
stomach was pink and now it's got all
these spots wait does they have little
pinchers no legs Oh gross welcome to
Florida oh by the way if you hit this -
I forgot to share this and go to Add to
Home screen you can make your own new
little icon to replace whoops where is
it
it is replaces the old native one on the
iPhone it looks a lot nicer so let's
just move that over and hello shameless
plug time if you haven't gotten our
iPhone apps these are them you can get
them in the App Store to search for them
this is the one that's the big one
though you can watch all our videos and
it's free
shameless plug I know you're such a
goofball yeah I see the giant spider I
don't know what kind of spider that is
though really gross it's some some I
don't know the internet Oh No but really
scary oh my god you shoot record from
the back end - that's so gross it's kind
of pretty at the same time yeah that's
what we just buy it but it's like
underside legs oh go go pick up the
spider you know I'm kidding right you
won't do it yeah you don't even know
what that is
watch what's tomorrow we're gonna read
the comments on the plane and we were
like don't touch that thing
yeah it was jumping it's like I know it
jumps what are you guys doing over there
find a hole doc but Germany up Spain who
do you want to win who do you want to
win
where what Oh jump in jump jump jump
jump jump jump the dogs did it go to the
pool that's a leaf
Natalie's trying to get all the rocks
varley's trying to get all the rocks we
need Kobe that's what we need actually
get the vortex I don't know I could see
them all
she's like cocking her head what's going
on
who's that scuba person put that rock
you lazy thrower you're cool I don't
know who they're digging for Oh somebody
Katya
I think she's found a dead body it's
Timmy Oh Timmy trapped in a well this is
like we're like Jimmy Hoffa's body is Al
Capone when I was on her face oh no the
curse really
yeah she just jumped up there like just
straight jumped on him she doesn't like
these things cuz I think Oh is that
comfortable
hey now it's gonna be funny see we can
make it back over she's very nervous
hey one journey to win those fun no it's
fine yeah who do you want to win first
then who's your favorite player
who do you like you like do you like I
like be actually I think one of my
favorites is Puyol because he plays for
Barcelona Netherlands in Spain are you
very sad
I think I'm some like crazy so looks
like we have a winner
found the cow it looks to be on Twitter
X bx3 and she has it right here yep that
looks like the cow unless she's really
good at recreating it I don't know that
looks legit good job
ducking out of the camera it's always
been barking every time listen
pull up a tree it really must be
something dead under there we got some
makeup why are we talking like this
we're gonna be we're gonna be in LA okay
so we can't film in the store the girl
who's gonna do my makeup for me is okay
with it but like it's a like a corporate
thing so I can't film inside of Mac but
this is the before and she's actually
two different eye makeup so it's gonna
probably quick I got punched in the face
on the one side I don't know we'll see
but I'm excited okay so I'm just getting
in my last run before we leave for
VidCon and guess what just beat my
record
I've got 926 on a mile I think I think I
beat it wasn't it like 9:30 something
the first was 9:40 or 10:20 I don't know
I think I beat it 926 whoo I know a lot
of you guys in the comments like kicking
my ass somebody actually sent me like a
six-minute mile in time I will get there
in time you guys are a bunch of a-holes
is that a-holes Hales I like that
Charles pal I'm not gonna tell Charles
how much money we have to spend and max
it's gonna be a secret but um Carly did
my makeup for me I am wearing two
different eye makeups because you wanted
to show me both oh yeah wait yeah cover
half my face okay so that's one
and that's the other one shouldn't get
cut or someone to help me
we'll see so I'm excited though this is
it's curly time okay now I'm gonna show
Charles my face and we'll see what his
reaction is he's never seen me in it was
dark now he's never seen me in like real
makeup really
so we'll see what he has to say wow it
looks good no it looks good though I'm
like well and not only that such a
different eye oh I said that she was
like it's very pretty
but I think she's prettier without
makeup oh that's sweet okay I'm going
with I was getting that on record now so
that ten years from now when I like
hideous and he's like oh god what your
face is thirty you're gonna be hideous
so we're gonna go get some marshmallows
I just talked to Justine and Shay
they're gonna be they're gonna do the
chubby bunny challenge with Ally
for her challenge a challenge for her
channel no but I wanted to tell you guys
this I got a lot of comments saying that
they really wish that they could go to
VidCon you know they didn't have the
money or whatever so I came up with a
kind of a cool idea of course I'm gonna
be vlogging this but the thing is you'll
see that the next day so I was like wait
a minute I have the iPhone and I have
the cell phone Channel what I can do is
I'll record little clips on my phone and
upload it throughout the day at VidCon
every single day even at the night of
the parties and then that way you guys
could be there by proxy I don't know
yeah so I thought that'd be kind of fun
oh if you're not subscribed to our cell
phone channel it's right here on screen
youtube.com slash trippy and yeah I will
upload as much as I possibly can on my
phone throughout the day and night at
VidCon but yeah I just want to let you
guys know go subscribe to our iPhone
channels
I know I need I know I'm getting pumped
you know I'm getting pumped because I
always get pumped before we go anywhere
anyway so and make sure to follow us on
Twitter you know Ally speed and Charles
Trippy on Twitter and you guys will
tweet as much we'll upload as much and
then of course you guys will watch it
the next day one thing I've never
actually just went into a store devise
marshmallows I don't know where they
would put it I don't know of the fight
okay should I fight them marshmallows
ever that just seems a little
inappropriate what does that look like
you balls páginas don't let him bite
you
don't worry guys it's not a poisonous
snake
that's like an eel looking thing wrong
way dude no I don't think he wants the
viewer there yeah we're totally gonna
have to throw that sunshield out we have
to take him across the street where to
go is he going through it he disappeared
like a snake in the grass there's a
mysterious snake well I mean I think
it's fine now
hey no I don't want that shit okay this
is so worth it I have to vlog this I
have to put this on the cellphone
channel then put them back try to put
them on the thing and then take them
over
what are you doing don't leave me with
the snake didn't think I was gonna end
the night this way that's for sure yes
he's a snake that's what he does for a
living that's the snakes do for a living
they're fast there's gonna be so many
comments and they're like oh my god you
did that I know you being good well he
was trying to go across the street but
he looks like he's going home now maybe
if we take him further home so is this a
victory maybe if we just scare him with
the light
bye snake why snake ah this is what
happens look at the snake he just pissed
them all off
okay that's up so I was doing the
research cut that was that him
no he was darker than that it may have
been like this to say yeah that's
exactly what it look like it may have
been originally are they poisonous or
anything no no no no sweet yeah it says
7 or 9 inches that it was really small
but hopefully he's in his little pond
now toads
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley Zoe and his fiance Ali you can
watch this channel we need a decision
from the internet
