Natalie and the drums will play some shh
shh she loves the drums yeah yeah hit a
symbol yeah not like hard yeah higher
than that harder than that go really
hard Shh yeah put those on first okay
now really hard Shh let's go it's bad
enough that I'm here shopping so we're
here at the mall on Tampa feels good to
be back in tampa but um we're gonna show
Ali's cousins actually have they been on
a camera yet have you showed them
Natalie and Selena oh you have okay but
they call it bubbles so I got this
german I'm English to German translator
and we're gonna try it out later so we
can communicate cuz they they they speak
very happy are you Oh dag might hurt
their grandmother um yeah so I don't
know it'll be kind of interesting
because they speak very little sorry I
was trying to see if it works right now
they speak very little English so now
he's gonna show how to dress a good bet
you get a show them how to dress like a
snazzy American earl of sandwich that's
the funny
I'm the earl of sandwich okay where are
they
I don't see him
look now but your neighbor Jay has gone
bad RJ found us oh you found your mom Oh
design your own cow oh so I can
he's got to get lightning bolt I like I
think what the thing is they give you
the chick-fil-a sticker so you can brand
it oh yeah do that it's already got one
on there we doing Charl I am creating
actually know what this the best point
did you cheat play sticker I just put it
over there current chick-fil-a sticker
there we go
boarding school looks like a
three-year-old
actually three year old five foot one
sweet like me
since was going on go for the lighting
at the back I was really gonna plan but
then I saw the other stickers and I was
like I gotta podesta more lightning
stickers you just play
there is in all his glory
what do you rate that you guys 1 through
10 I'd say that's about right there two
and a half your aim is a 10 everydays
i'll give you an eight you should hire
them no no right there in the plan I put
him in the middle of the plan yeah put
him in there
rather than throwing them away we're
just gonna hide them for you guys the
fine what I'm it really good is it to
follow wait no people can see him too
nope new hiding spot we're gonna do a
different hiding spot that was too easy
this is bright white number rune area
all right so we found another hiding
spot we're gonna put them right in here
right what are the rain part of force
and what does that come hubby so
Oh
I don't mean all right let's see if you
guys can find them bring front of Gucci
and whatever that store is right there
if you find a make sure to add reply do
you find to make sure to add reply us on
Twitter with a picture of you holding
him kind of geeky what kind of ducky
ducky Oh ducky and then once you find
them you can either keep them or put it
back and let's vales find them must be
fun we're gonna start doing this
everywhere we go from now on I think I
think I think that'd be more fun or
interactive vlogs good luck and Godspeed
to get your ring all polish hey it looks
like a different ring every time every
time I go and get it clean she's just
like freaked out oh by the way they have
one of those little bell things so I
rang it and immediately guess you threw
me under a bus haha get with him
immediately immediately we're
Abercrombie shopping for Napoles
she keeps saying something like
what just happened Laura okay so first
first lauren gets recognized by one of
you guys okay and then the other she's
sitting here sitting here like this dude
do your pose talking to me and then um a
lady thought she worked here no she
thought you worked here she thought I
worked yes she said oh he looks good
enough to work here oh I probably
filming the ceiling that's why I told
joystiq she thought you worked as we
foolishly and next she give him the
once-over psych well he looks good
enough to work here so I just thought
I'd anything like I just don't give a
shit your own damn tank tops
okay it's like a movie or spinning thank
the matrix skill or skill moves up his
head off and putting anglers but if it
was some some fantastic person
does anyone know what color Ali's eyes
are icy blue green blue green what is it
stop moving blue green brown and white
and black ok so I'm reading all the
comments that you guys have been riding
on our iPhone app makes it really easy
actually um ok well I was talking about
this 3d thing and this is something I
wanted to talk about to just imagine
when 3d porn comes out you're gonna get
like a Gallagher style like sheet every
time you buy a by a 3d porn like movie
they're gonna give you like a Gallagher
sheet I have to go ah well we had a
discussion yesterday you weren't part of
you were at the doggie beach enjoying
the sun and the fun during the freezing
ass right yeah that's true no but just
think ok born in 3d just forget that ok
forget let's just forget this whole this
whole car ready taking breath
and a rave now in the other abercrombie
think so bad keep sprang back and forth
to try to find out the very end what you
want to say fashionista
dog bikinis in it their stuff so it
looks like little boobs Wow nothing if
anything like six of them
Zoe yeah now that's all yelling step 2
10 seconds later call you know you got
it I bet it's comfy though right
actually is really cool I think so I
think so especially with this what can
you not move in that really I bet like
you know what you do like three uses
trip it doubles as a neck brace if you
fall yeah I don't know if you guys
recognize this area right here this is
where we shot that mullet video on the
Charles Trippy channel this is like two
years ago when I actually got rid of my
stupid long hair we shot it right here
and ask people if I should keep my
mullet long time ago it's like two years
ago time flies when you're having fun
that's just as new t-shirt what that is
that's the common san diego hat right
there now then i have to wear yeah i
just don't know Lucy Lohan's going to
jail for three months
we don't Charl
shoving times please Leah I just hanging
out body shop American heel and how are
you spending your time I'm occupying it
like I should playing angry birds
greatest game of all time I like how
you're vlogging for us today miss our
vlogger so everyone can get up gotta
give kudos in the comments for Lauren
nothing else today okay just stop right
there stop right here wish + 10 you did
it it's friggin e that's better right
that's not the right finger she's didn't
do right she didn't get that was too
easy I take it to this figure right here
oh the other one that sucks yeah wow you
don't do the index finger it's your ring
finger no because the top one is too
easy you just figured that out yeah that
sucks your brain is so stupid yeah it's
weird no no it's like it's uh that one
that one right there yeah oh she's like
Jesus did it also really well they're
smarter he'll just watch yes
turn
come in
what are you doing you and your mom are
addicted to those little things
that's what she says
reluctant that they actually say that
one sure yeah rawr we it could be an
entire blog that needs good I have no
effort judging by the low lighting I'd
say we're in my favorite place
he's Charles Charles trapping with
Marley Zoe and his fiance Ali you can
watch me on this channel where do you
decision for the Internet
