start every day with a golden shower
well maybe if I can get the damn thing
to light time to wake up the
neighborhood what the hell is this is
this from the 70s okay okay this is
gonna be like a minute and a half of
vlog for me fit that lit okay tell that
no it's not there we go
time for a golden shower everyone okay
I'm bored
I'm sorry but I was incredibly lame
maybe this one would be better than
jitterbug to make it cooler I'm gonna
light it on top of it oh it's on an
angle
these are specially the lamest fighters
on the planet maybe they look cooler at
night I don't know all right you have to
approach with caution okay we're good
you know what I love the most about
fireworks is not so much the sparkly
nests or the explosion but the smell
like I love that smell
that's like my favorite smell in the
world that in gasoline is it weird that
I was actually pretty sure that a lot of
people like to smell the gasoline but
smell the fireworks is like the shit man
this isn't it believe it or not alleys
actually on MySpace
okay you're so you're so 2005
he's so 2005 what are you deleting old
photos what why you're deleting old
forests
it's so so not cool on MySpace huh
okay there's the last one for this
afternoon I swear if this thing just
sparkles I'm gonna be pissed off okay
we're gonna have a contest just by the
looks of this box what do you think it's
gonna do you think it's gonna do it the
other ones did or do you think it's
gonna shoot up in the air
okay leave in the comments now too much
okay no more okay I better stop before
we get sued all right see if you guys
are right
Wow that's it were you right did you did
you get the lameness of that oh wait
wait Oh still sure falling a to
curveball oh that's kind of happen half
there okay
hyoma kept burning oh oh there's four of
them
go for it
I don't really understand what's going
on either so this is still training I
can of course not film the videos they
spit now I'm getting so annoyed I can't
film anything that's outside because of
this crappy weather oh thank you
Poseidon no way that's not not Poseidon
who's the dude that does the rain the
signs that due to the water leaves the
sea the hell's his name
just say it Zeus I don't know whatever
um so I'm gonna say I don't have parents
and you could go and you guys can go see
Kobe and Tyson's they always do
I should like fireworks Walt's like
pouring like do you think I don't think
the wicks will go out if it's like short
enough they'll be really interesting to
see it like exploding in the rain I want
to do it because I mean II pyromania
pyromania - get out of the way people
your own he's so cute I know one you're
totally American the dress dis
complements it is pretty funny Tyson you
cannot eat that you're like a hairy
infant good boy hey co-ed Kobe Tyson
what's up buddy what's up all right you
want to see a fun trick I like to do
with Tyson hey Tyson ready
put your boner away Tyson buddy doesn't
want to play it's deafening the audience
right now Kobe's like I could do that
okay
he's upset because they blew in his face
again he's pouting are you pouting
I'm sorry Tyson don't be a powder your
big baby jeez get it Kobe I have no idea
what he's doing but he's gonna be really
disliked oh is he trying to get his own
bandana off you got it buddy
I'm what so apparently I'm just learning
of this new gathering apparently they're
having a gathering at Orlando Florida a
YouTube gathering I've been getting a
lot of advertise on our Twitter I don't
know if we'll be able to go I really
really want to but our trip that we have
to go to the country here's the thing we
would have been back by the 21st or 22nd
and then I was planning on going to the
orlando gathering but I just found out
they pushed it back a week so I'm not
sure if it's gonna be in that range so
if you guys are going to Orlando
gathering I will let you know on our
Twitter so make sure you're following me
you know twitter.com slash Charles
Trippy if you're not following me on
Twitter right now shame shame
tisk tisk go follow me now before we
continue this conversation I'm just
kidding this one let you guys know now I
really want to go it's just I don't know
if we'll be in the country you're like
how I did this for in the country that
it was kind of weird I don't know if
we'll be in the country score Best Buy
so you get to watch Nemo constantly all
you stoners you're welcome I don't know
it's not that 3d to me
can you guys see it is it 3d for you
guys
I don't know I just I just don't see
like 3d TVs like home at home 3ds being
like the thing I think it's gonna go out
like with one of those big giant discs
that were like records debated that made
it discs well the hell of a video disc I
think it was just video discs I think
it's gonna be a trend they gonna look
that good 3d fail we should get this
imagine that quarum scene so lifelike
and captivating you'll think the fish
are actually swimming in your television
set or you could just get out of quer√≠a
my guess I have to tell you guys
something I couldn't film it because it
was right next to me but I just watched
women's beach volleyball in 3d in 3d
they have women's beach volleyball in 3d
and if you've ever been the best buy for
any place there's like 3d demonstration
and they have women's beach volleyball
beach volleyball um watch it and laugh
it is so funny because the camera angles
are so obscene III want to use the word
obscene on this like okay the girls bend
over ready to do like pitch the boss how
the person sets it and spikes it or
whatever they're doing and the cameras
like right there in her butt so you just
have this giant badonkadonk in your face
that was weird
so the dude and I were just watching it
and just laughing because I guess that
was his favorite one but it was
interesting that would be really
interesting next next winner not winner
that'd be interesting women's beach
volleyball in the winter Summer Olympics
they have that in 3d I don't know sports
like the 3d thing the 3d crap 3d Crees
I think he's gonna it's gonna die out it
has to die out die out like in the
eighties I was actually talking to his
cousins and they were talking about the
3d stuff and then how they some kids
that will actually wear the 3d glasses
you know Avatar glasses or whatever in
class because they think it's cool and
I'm like oh you know what's really funny
is I used to do that when I was younger
but when I was younger it was the 80s so
I had the blue and the red or the blue
and the green nose blue in the red
remember those ones that was like a foil
and they really every time you took them
off you're good
you'd go you know cross-eyed but I was
really interesting that kids now are
doing the same thing but
with better technology but I wanted I
want to ask you guys do you think this
3d craze is actually going to stick this
time or do you think it's totally just
gonna pit her out Peter out pin her out
put her out solve I just can't see it I
just don't like it I saw recently we saw
that avatar won and I just didn't like
it I don't know baby I'm just an old
grump and I just don't like 3d I just
think it's stupid actually I'd rather
watch a movie regular although it would
be kind of fun to make a movie in 3d
just do everything really like blatantly
3d like okay for example that movie uh
what the hell's it call it's a dance
movie they made a dance move this is how
I know they've gone too far they made a
dance movie in 3d I don't think it's out
yet but it's a dance movie like you got
served
eight or something you got served again
you got served serving I don't know you
got served serving well once you make a
dance movie in 3d what's next gonna be
like I don't know Driving Miss Daisy in
3d or mash and 3d mash in 3d would be
pretty sick actually what happened to
him
where'd he go hey hey what the hell dawg
no sorry what are you doing good Riley
with Vizio so no Zoe screaming gotta see
Sam don't scream and drop them and I'm
waiting time to come out come out buddy
going back in
her little dude Oh Joey
her little dude fast
he's a fast motherfucker hey come back
here man just want to be your friend so
what is Miley doing is she chasing a
fish what was she doing - doing what I'm
afraid now the hell's she chasing
serious go dude go see him look at him
weave up oh he fell over
hey dude visited jerk
how are you Molly don't you go over
there she keeps trying to go over there
and get this buoy
I don't Marley Turner she's being so
brave go ahead mark
what a little a-hole you're an a-hole Oh
God
hey we just found this whole shipyard
and what what oh god she just chased the
purse yeah there's this hole or at the
hi birdie-bird did birthday are you
gonna get it though so we Zoey she just
does not listen Zoey come on
yeah that's right you run away come on
Zoey freaking idiot what are you doing
oh it's a brick oh my god oh my god you
guys I'm telling you there's nothing
there they keep trying to go out and see
what that is girls done that I look at
that they each individually tried to get
it and they're like no that's too scary
let's go together let's go together
okay nothing let's go there's nothing
there there's nothing there
going back over there that thing Zoey
Marly are you chasing a hermit crab
you're like no you can kind of pinch
your ass Marly hey my car you better
make him stop
so Whateley really literate or let her
do it one time you yeah that's right
grandma's coming to get you
she was digging up poop so she could
ruin it they're both doing it oh man
that was priceless good job I don't know
back out
smiley is the band manager
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley's army and his fiancee ality you
can watch this channel we need a
decision from the Internet
