hey YouTube was hacked good morning
so it looks like I just missed all the
drama apparently there was some sort of
like hacky I can show you and some of
our comments here oh sure
apparently if you do this like weird
little HTML thing it puts like a marquee
above the videos it looks like they
fixed it now I don't know this goes to a
different video so it isn't it yeah see
it looks like this been fixed yeah but a
lot of people were putting it about
Justin Bieber yeah I don't know that's
part of the craziest hack it's as simple
I don't know if you can call that a hack
but simplest simplest exploit I should
say on a fun note though today it looks
like my sister's on the front page of
YouTube with death burger of death
interesting see least we don't have
annoying fans they just put nice things
when they hack us so for those who
actually missed the little quote-unquote
hack here's what it kind of did to
videos let's see if I can play this oh
wait thank you guys showing us you mutes
Miley Cyrus basically it is a
scrolling thing in a mess of the video
itself oh it is us that's funny um yeah
so it's weird it's like a little marquee
hack I don't know then I guess it made
everything disabled you can't write a
comment or anything like that if you
were fortunate to see it though um at
replying me some screenshots I want to
see some of them oh hey Dawg you can use
that reply them too at Charles Trippy I
just want to see him hey YouTube was
hacked
oh you don't always get a migraine again
so be honest
did it for you did you really think
Justin Bieber died I know I think it's
all Ali's fault for listening to Justin
Bieber lately you brought this upon us
wait how many 68 so last year he ate 68
hot dogs and the bun and ten minutes so
wait this is Venice Beach nose Coney
Island this is Coney Island how are you
still you want to what yeah are they all
have security they want to race it one
wants to jump
on top of the hot dog eaters this is
ridiculous yeah look at all the referees
what do you think you should try this
challenge they're just they're just this
is kind of crazy 308 that is disgusting
that is so gross
41 slices of pizza Wow oh so gross you
have a song
are you getting sick
he's like shining it down just throwing
out wiggling it I am like to get to go
down faster it's like really freaking me
out
I want a hot dog is that bad so get some
hot dogs
yeah oh you wanna hold on to this
stomach so disgusting 8:54 frickin hot
dogs that is disgusting oh and you guys
were saying our challenges on Ali's
channels gross you want to do a hot dog
eating contest I think I could probably
get past maybe two ten minutes ten
minutes I could maybe a little the
little mini wieners the Marlee wieners
we're going to get some fireworks cuz we
completely forgot I like your boobs
so this is like a Julia Roberts aren't
they that's my dad
hers were like oh this one's a little
bit nice yeah I just want to make sure
that has the least amount of sparklers
I'm so just the crazy ones that sheet
stuff up no see I want roman candles
oh no that's not right
I don't know $50 that's a little bit
more reasonable so we were in Tampa and
phantom fireworks is like the best
firework place in Florida at least and
we didn't go we should have a golden
shower that's that's pretty awful these
are the stupid sparkler different hates
worklist I actually had this before and
it I drank this as if it was a six
dollar bottle of champagne and that's
how much it was I got it as a gift
yeah boo boo boo boo boo I don't think I
could ever fathom spending that much for
anything even that much is a lot for
like wine or champagne just on time
that's funny that's just sitting right
there you know baby this is fine not a
very good mix good baby I don't think
this is a very good mixture yeah I don't
know if that's a very good mixture there
all right want to see if we can run
through it okay with see if I can do it
I want to go this way so scary
that quick
Oh
rug burn I gotta get the hang of this
thing I haven't played with one of these
since I was like eight Oh Oh see I'm
throwing it perfect just stands there
Josh she thinks that's the laser now she
thinks it's the laser okay ready
damn it
that was a recording you missed it have
to do it again just kidding it was
recording do you guys remember how many
weeks ago was that Oh a couple weeks ago
we went by that place that was on fire
well that's the aftermath yeah that does
suck
this is like the cutest thing I've ever
seen their boat smashed in between the
seats trying to see my yeas great daily
matching ears
I don't know why tonight between it
she's got the pinhead so she can do it
okay so he found a way to get her yes
put her feet in the cupholders she's
standing in the couple you're
overwhelmed we're having a crazy fourth
of July celebration all my family is
here from South Carolina family Germany
family my family look up Marley as
she wants nothing to do with the water
believe it or not you guys a thing in
her hand it's called a vortex to
remember those from when you borrow a
little a little football with a thing
vortex power get it Zoey get a Zowie
Zoey's hurting all the kids Molly's got
the other end good job mark she's a
little sheepdog the the kelpie enter
right the hunt away that's right
she's a Kiwi got a little grill master
over here Chris play it their steamy
it's so hot it's like wow right
you don't even thought enough you can
just do a giant burger how do you think
it is having some problems out that's
Tim Allen yeah the problem is are you
taking new videos yes video grill that's
the problem
yeah the grill I don't have a gay girl
is supposed to be on high on YouTube it
could be yeah
Rasim spatula audio hey you garden the
food
yeah but about you garden the food are
those like veggie veggie burgers Oh
turkey burger is nice though you do
realize that's an open flame yeah those
look natural Hulk smash ugh laughs when
you turn on high what do you have what
do you say when you turn it on I gotta
go know the tool time thing needs more
power oh oh she's been eyeing that food
you totally want that don't ya
Marley you cannot have that you cannot
have that you either guys are being good
though you haven't tried to like devour
it good job
these are absolutely the worst looking
burgers well they're turkey burgers
granted they look different that I've
ever seen like there's so much flame I
don't know why I don't know why there's
too much flame we turned up those we
turn up all the heat saw my fault don't
blame me don't blame me don't say hey
char uh you don't know how to flip
burgers you know I didn't I didn't turn
on I didn't turn on no I didn't turn the
heat up yeah look at that everyone
you're you're allowed to make fun of
these you can make fun of all you want
you can make fun of them in the comments
what got ya okay I think they want
something but you don't so you touch
hands like this like like that yeah yeah
bringing up a chest okay now move that
finger that's weird
awesome you like knowing it tricks your
mind I was
nice right you're not supposed to touch
it I didn't touch it oh I thought you
know he didn't tell what if I got it you
know so we got to go
there that's where we got to go just
follow that looks like the sky's on fire
good job Zoe that looks so cool actually
all the clouds make it look up hot
cooler you know what you guys have to
make sure to check out the the video
from when Ali and I and actually Phil
and Lindsay we're in Spain I'll put an
annotation right here so you can check
it out after this video or in the sub
bar you hear out loud those are the ones
in Spain were unbelievably loud so I
want you guys to watch this and then I
want you to watch that one and then come
back to this video and tell me the
difference see if you can see any
differences but the link will be in the
sub bar below after this video although
Marley's is facing the other way by the
fact like I don't want to look at them
they're too loud
let's go home it's always looking at him
though Marley wants nothing to do with
the fireworks always look at him though
I don't know if you guys can see with
that entire beach front you see all the
tent okay look great where everything's
coming up out of the gate right there
you see all the tents and people on
there there's probably hundreds of
thousands of people on insane
now we got a walk basically have to beat
all the people that was a fight a lot
Spain totally dwarf fest now go watch
the Spain fireworks oh yeah how long ago
is that you were Dirk flogging this cold
later clog and flash you every once in a
while yeah she just said that she I know
I know start blogging you oh come on
it's okay she keeps checking back to see
if I'm here okay
that's all right look how you blog your
own face ah she's blinded us
No do it hey wetting the box
Justin's down there on the ground can't
really see them what is that that is
like officially the lamest firework I've
ever seen in my life and it's over we
got I think you should hold it in your
hand I think that's the smart way to
light a firework car is it humming
humming really there we go
boo person who lit look at that member
now that can be in I don't know why that
was on fire that's a little bit sketchy
kind of anticlimactic isn't it okay I'll
just fade it out so it looks cool that
looks way cooler this is a pyro happy
fourth of July Internet is it already
the one that the glow in the dark pink
glow slam the aftermath of our awesome
fireworks okay he's gonna clean this up
have fun
Baba hey hey guys so we just uploaded
Ali's Wendy's dollar menu challenge for
everyone asking so you can go to Ali's
channel go check it out and prepare to
be grossed out yeah it's pretty ultimate
because we put Altima twini's dollar
menu challenge or I just said it was
ultimate either way go check it out see
you guys later
he's Charles Charles Trippy with
Marley's in Rihanna's fiancee alley you
can watch me on this channel ready a
decision for the internet television
