the thing this was a bounce on the water
pretty Marley get it how graceful so
graceful come on Zoe big phrase be
denied okay Marley trying to get that
Polly pop oh not for me oh yeah the
princess come back here come back here
give me a Slurpee icky pumping gasoline
pump and guess the lien at 7-eleven cuz
they didn't do it I'll spill IPP but
they're still just as bad yeah yeah yeah
like that song is good i should
copyright that quick go go taquitos your
beefy greasy he goes oh there's hair in
lens got it singer singing zinc oh you
ruined it which one did you get yeovil
why does they collect all three when
it's just a paper cup it's not even a
real cup collect all paper cups and then
you can throw them away in a landfill
with your taquito we're meeting our good
friends Andrew and Rachel the guys we
went on the cruise with and our favorite
store in the world go sweden well it's
busy it is cash I've never seen a giant
I can do you think there's a sale do you
think there's a sale i don't know maybe
there's a sale i'm not really sure i
don't know they should have like a bunch
of like blonde swedish girls like sleek
slinging like swedish meatballs at
people as they come in wouldn't it be
awesome hey you know you like that
that's so hot bunch of blonde girls
flinging heat looking at each other they
try to
in their mouth oh yeah I knew where
white t-shirts and spray chest yeah they
got to get the meaty balls in the mouth
lingonberry juice yeah that's so good
give your like Kia tools your measuring
tape pencils are like the coolest thing
in all right oh there's Andrew found um
hi wait they totally changed everything
so huh see if we get something like this
you have to like feed me grapes all the
time and shanks of turkey turkey shanks
so many people
she got the call to spain win spain won
everyone just curious so that's Allie
receiving the Spain news I was really
rooting for Portugal because I wanted to
see the lady run around on the street so
we came here for office furniture and
we're leaving with frames and stones
were literally buying rocks things that
we can get outside it's like buying dirt
I blame you this interior decorator over
here that is a weird Hummer it's like a
truck Hummer what are you doing so we
just in our own world playing week off
well wait can you see that yeah we go
don't worry me oh let her go right why
was that hello she's never done that
before oh no it's coming you can see it
behind us girls I go
so we get it so we get it Oh Opie get it
sorry huh get so turned on you're
caramelizing remorse on the kid to call
his mom mommy but in French mummy is the
Olaf is grandma ah it took know of all
the time and date get it get it sorry
we're gonna watch this movie called
mystery team awaits yes mystery team
it's um it's the guys from derrick
comedy remember those guys I don't think
they make it even more videos on YouTube
but derrick comedy in a Zhanna community
what oh why oh but yeah so it's he's on
my community he's the jock on that his
on 30 rock and he wrote a movie so we're
gonna check that out now I'm sorry by
the way I'm so sorry we haven't been
blogging Ali's family came in from
Germany so things have been a little bit
chaotic and I appreciate you guys you
know I'm sure in the comments you guys
are going to be pretty understanding if
not just thumb them down I'm just
kidding so we're just gonna we're gonna
watch this movie and I will let you know
how awesome it is after thumb thumb this
video up see Ali's mom says thumb it up
see better thumb it up now even though
it was short we're short and sweet what
yeah everyone's thumbing up you have you
have to sum it up there Ali's mom making
it that's what she said joke he's
Charles Charles Trippy with more easily
and his fiance Ali you can watch my
channel Wendy indecision from the
internet
you
