so I was watching my good buddy Michael
Buckley and he said that something about
like Steve Carell leaving the office I
didn't believe it so I started looking
it up and in fact Steve Carell is ready
to leave the office
that is crazy so what do you guys think
if Michael or Steve Carl's character
leaves the office do you think that
should continue it or should they kill
kill it
I don't know I kind of I kind of feel
that they should just kill it
is that to say that like you know the
suit Corral's character what was the
best character but I think he I think
they're all good characters I think if
you took one of them away I don't think
it would work as well you know what I
mean like one of the main ones I mean
maybe like a secondary character it
would be okay but I don't know Michael's
like the most prominent one let me know
in the comments what you think should be
XNA ixnay the office if Steve Crowley's
or should we keep going it's that day on
the show
oh man there's that friendliest place
never we're talking about they a big
giant burger that had the - what was it
like the grilled cheese burger at the
grilled cheese sandwich cheese burger
and then another grilled cheese sandwich
we still have to go try that we have to
go try that oh man it's gonna make me
sick
I'm gonna try it I'm gonna try it maybe
today I totally forgot they had one here
in stairs do you see how that wall right
there and then that wall right there is
the same wall but you see how there's a
hole there in there in the same wall
okay if you're from Sarasota this is
17th and boniva ever since I could
remember ever since I could remember
there's always been like a hole in a
wall right here in this wall so they'll
fix it and then what happens is another
drunk driver will just come and drive
into the wall like every single time
like they'd fix it and then every single
time within like a week there'd be
another drunk driver it's gonna suck you
that house right there should just be
there like on your porch and this big
huh there's another one speaking of
remembering somebody stood in the
comments they asked me it was a question
like what my first memory was like you
don't I mean like when you're really
small like the first thing you possibly
could remember I I don't know I really
have to think about it like one of the
first things I remember is my parents
old house like what our first house the
house I they brought me back to from the
hospital used to have like God a living
room and a den and I used to have like a
little step kind of thing and I remember
running
and I don't know what I was chasing I
think was chasing my old dog his name
was Dooley and I remember tasting him
and tripping on that thing and hitting
my head that's like surprisingly that's
the first thing I can actually remember
then I started remembering a lot of
other things but I wanted that you guys
like because I can't I'm sorry if I
can't remember your name
there's a really good question so I'm
gonna ask you guys to tell me in the
comments what is the first memory that
you have as a human being what's that
story time guys sorry time I'm taking
these little rascals to the deep park
while he gets ready I should have known
the second I pass did they started
whimpering I should've listened to him
they found the pop part Scottie's
potties a lot of bitches here aren't
they're playing with that little fox you
know what this dog reminds me of tales
from Sonic in the hedgehog all right
look at that those just like Marley what
kind of dog that is take that back a lot
worse than Marlon he's been doing that
for three minutes and one more one more
for good measure
oh yeah let me get it in there and I
totally failed did I say Sonic and the
Hedgehog I did I think it's a video game
fail I was gonna say it'd be cool to
have another dog like that but yeah
watch he's gonna go again gonna go one
more time yeah oh yeah oh no that's
gonna taste my lane Zoe it's coming for
him it's common for him do any of you
guys know the name of that dog not
without the name his name's Rufus no but
I mean like the type the type of dog
it's when I was rolling around it got
his tail off its tail caught up in the
leash and it was running we thought that
uh
something was chasing at myself dog is
crazy I thought Marley oh no no no the
same thing he was oh my god they're the
same dog they're the same dog I cannot
believe you're doing exactly what that
dog is doing you realize what's gonna
happen I'm throwing your ass in the pool
I can't believe it
wait you know what I can't believe it of
course I can believe it of course God
Marley did any of you guys call that
should have called that you're a smart
doggie that doesn't roll on stuff ready
get it where you're lazy let's see if I
can hit Marley flinch round two
cheese and french little troublemaker
keeps coming around Marley
oh man that even advertising that stupid
sandwich have you asking what I was
talking about last night I was talking
about these little things this is what I
used to be afraid of I always thought
like the clown would come and get me um
yes I'm running right now before I even
consider doing that cheeseburger thingy
like cheese grilled cheese burger thingy
I was like you know I don't have to do a
few miles first so I'm running right now
and then I'll go get Ally and then we
will maybe try this try this sucker so
you guys here on Boise he is pretty stop
it speaking it closer up like what the
hell you doing better not be filming
this for the Internet well he's so cool
all right I'll leave you alone who is
that who is that hey get your ass out of
the road who is that
my dad's uh he wants to start a YouTube
channel so youtube.com slash Charles
Chad's trippy it's on but he doesn't
have any videos please like I don't want
to I want to make a V we got him at
camera for was it Father's Day mm-hmm
and then he was like I want to make a
youtube channel so I made a YouTube
channel
eat that leave Zoe kid Omar
oh you want this you want this get it
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa good so we
tear it up so we look at that pose
that's nice
Omar whoa
go Marley go barley go
how's it going
tomorrow they go put the cap in your ass
they gangster puppy what's up so he's
trying to eat a bird who's that hi bird
I'm trying that pixel type thing this
time on a Wi-Fi I mean yeah I did
gangster pups as I was referring to
looks like it worked so do I see that
it's on her cell phone channel secret
cell phone videos on our cell phone
channel I know
oh no the reason why I did that is
because it's it's stupid it's really
stupid but some people you know but this
is what I do this is how I make videos
if one person smiles it's worth
uploading that's why I uploaded this
basic little ones to cell phone' channel
that I don't think should be in here one
because the quality is not as good and
two because I don't want you guys to see
how really stupid I am
no I'm just kidding it's really cute go
check it out if you guys like these I'll
keep making them so I don't know do you
like the idea of having like a little
cell phone channel that I'm able to
upload little clips throughout the day
every once in a while before the vlogs
even uploaded I know so this is all
suggestions like few months ago that's
why we've made it so I just wanted to
make sure you guys are still down with
that so yeah you can go check that out
if not if not you it doesn't matter I
still love you and you know it's all
good it's all good guess what I'm
dragging my sister to that like that
burger place we're gonna make my sister
try that and hope I'll check this
challenge out Ally's dad suggested this
the atomic fireball challenge oh yeah
we're gonna make Ali and my sister try
it so cute Marlene watching Ali are you
watching your take photos are you
watching your take photos that's so cute
where's Ali
look at my little sister vlogging do
they know my sister now has a vlogging
channel so she's blogging don't you love
it when this Depot gets stuck down there
if you can't pull it out
why can't be like this one why do you
have to be stubborn
okay so we're gonna try this all three
of us are gonna try this we're gonna try
to tame this beast because it's way too
big it's way too big
see it scary out we can just take it to
carry out what are we getting in Milazzo
the grilled cheese burger you knew
you're eating it right you drive it so I
was just reading about this burger
apparently ABC World News did something
about thing it's called death on a bun
so I'm probably only gonna get a quarter
of a bite of this thing what are you
gonna try try are you gonna try it
there we go now you don't wanna try it
in all fairness alley Diddy 13 items on
the windes meat and cheese yeah I eat
the grilled cheese I don't know I just
wanted to show you guys this of things
you shouldn't eat all fairness there was
only nine dollars I mean that's a lot of
food for nine bucks - grilled cheese
sandwiches
moment of truth the fries are really
good though
you got one tell you guys I'm gonna tell
you all the nutritional facts as we're
all eating it on the side of the day oh
this is good watcher watcher I knew it
all right your turn
look at the pinky up again is it good
I'm afraid to try this I'm glad you're
taking this seriously
that's good really good is that
horrifying it's so good it's like okay
we're throwing this away we're giving us
to a homeless man it's good guys well
you know good but it's good I don't even
know if I want to give this to a
homeless man I feel guilty Ali's still
eating it no more look at that they
won't stop see this is what we do we
test things out for you guys so you
don't have to but if you did try the
friendliest thing let us know in the
comments yeah double down was way more
disgusting yeah by far despite looks
alone man my hands I seriously I could
probably do this can you guys see
through it can you see if there's a wall
from all degrees you know I just got to
thinking though okay if we made a
grilled cheese sandwich with low-fat
cheese low-fat Olivia butter Turk ground
turkey beef and then that wouldn't be
nearly as bad would it I think that
would because the combination of that
don't eat that you know it's really
funny I guarantee there's gonna be a
bunch of people in the comments like
about Americans this is why America's
fat it's true this is why there's issues
in America with this fast-food companies
aren't happy but here's here's the
problem with the European other European
countries wait what you can say that but
here's the scary thought right these
companies are coming to Europe so it's
just gonna happen over there so it's
just a matter of like being conscious I
think I don't know you she goes right
we're trying to I don't know we're going
I should probably stop blogging for
Thought Ally this car is like in golf by
like flying hands
this is al gore's things I think Al Gore
did this back in the day okay so we're
doing another challenge for Ally's a
little challenge videos and we're doing
the atomic fireball and yeah so if you
want to see these be on Ali's channel or
you want to see the behind-the-scenes
you can subscribe to my little sister
so get ready al mr. recter over there
right right
ah they're not even enjoyable are they
yeah if you you're just joining us
through these things they're not like
the warheads the warnings were good what
Ali could even do it so make sure to
subscribe to her channel to see that we
can do it ice cubes
you can't argue with me because we have
twitter dailybooth
and videos proving the shit that we've
done Charles is arguing with me
relentlessly that we did not see the
movie Green Zone that we did not see it
I know you aren't trolling me this is
the vlog in which we go to see the movie
day 3:16 here's the Twitter posts saying
killing macro that quote date night
totally dragging a lie to another chick
flick walls daily do this March tallest
if we go up here dailybooth going to see
green zone with Ali green zone tickets
so we saw it I don't remember it though
I really don't what I'm trying to
I'm trying to really honestly run for it
shut up he's Charles Charles Trippy
with Miley and his reality
