good morning guys so we're packing the
lead for sarasota and i got to get some
props because we're gonna shoot some
videos down there and so ridiculous this
prop rob box yeah so time to pack and
head out for a couple weeks what are
these are these the avatar glasses
for this you hardly wear this ever I
bought it all the way from California
and she never wears it I know I scared
Marley she just ran away yeah I know if
they after you take it off i'll be like
how dare you you see marley run away you
know lately I've been like bad mouth and
apple but check this out I just put
these through the washing machine and
listen perfectly good good job APPL time
to go piss off the post office again
well that was relatively painless I
didn't have to ship too many because
well you guys are so funny with the
t-shirts I order like a whole bunch and
then I fill out all the orders and that
were sold out again so if you ordered a
shirt in the last couple days they're on
backorder so they're getting printed and
we'll send them out as soon as we get
them so don't freak out yeah but if you
ever have any questions about merch as
far as your order always use CTFxC merch
at gmail com and that's how I'll be able
to get to if you send it to any other
email I might lose it get your little
band Dan on you gotta keep push off your
cape come here running come here no you
embarrassed look at your awesome cape I
am that dog I can get into all the
garbage what I am bed talk fear me well
ever got fish dude this is since we're
not gonna be there we have like an
automatic light timer that turns a fish
light lamp on and off and like a fish
feeder ma we've come a long way with
technology so I got a good fish food so
they don't die and they'll be all happy
and fed while we're traveling I'm really
getting sick of this rainy all the good
thing about the rain is that it's now
what 78 degrees and it's not 108 like
it's been the last few days I got handed
to the earth you know I knows how to
cool itself but notice how to screw up
some some shoots that's for sure I'm
really hoping Sarasota's answer rainy
which
I don't know what fish food baguette
looks all the same um out whatever this
one looks good lesson learned remember
when we were going on that cruise and I
forgot these things yeah we wrote it on
the on the the mirror passports is like
the entire mirror so how are we looking
good looking good why are you organizing
hangers we got to go little dogs are
doing all they can to help because I
mean they are dogs and they don't have
thumbs that'd be really cool if dogs had
thumbs though you're really interesting
it would be kind of scary oh and so you
guys were asking a leaf or a challenge
to do the chubby bunny and one of you
guys actually sent these take them out
these are giant marshmallow okay we'll
do a comparison here see here's my
iphone okay right there that's how big
those marshmallows are ya this is always
the most stressful part we have to go
through everything and make sure we
remembered everything oh I don't want to
forget my passport something like that I
mean I won't forget my passport I have
the passport see this is our notes so we
got the costumes for the videos dog
stuff toiletries clothes closes
important thing got the camera back
there I think we have everything two
dogs see who says playing video games
like Tetris is a waste of time look at
that real world application
yeah long car trip no take this out
though look at this show show them the
box right here have you guys you guys
remember seeing these old happy bill
boxes it was like for some reason they
stopped making these innate but just put
happy meals in bags but when I was a kid
they were these little awesome little
you get a prize what's your prize
something about the last and best
airbender last airbender whose that dude
he's an airbender forgot to ask you guys
about Twilight did you guys like
Twilight I completely forgot to ask you
guys and by the way hot tub time machine
was awesome yeah hot tub time machine
was awesome I I really liked it let's
check out this toy see when cheese when
toys get so complicated you don't know
what they're supposed to do is a happy
motor I know that's my point whenever
Donald's toy comes with direction they
might need their like we think how like
complicated is I don't even what this
thing is oh no my battery sang all the
water you know their others sleep and
then I'm care do better with glasses
that's true
road trip
not good
we take the road trip like we did last
year that'd be awesome please do a hug
let's review that beef she actually did
it you know
doesn't it look like we're going through
like a tornado that was just terrible
yeah it looks terrible man super duper
bored super duper bored we're talking
for fairly cheap run the Bel Air saying
that maybe if we go south the rain wife
might not be as bad I was wrong
oh yeah are you bored to look at
majerle's still wearing a cape please
pick you talk to a camera this is the
more acceptable version of the Sun these
guys there were our last video there's
actually their new album comes out today
or next day my ex
see I can stand listening to this
version they also do Taylor Swift
they got the coolest band name ever I
hate my ex it's like a kohls band name
ever
and by though
you
holy shit did I go Israel no I need
opens up your pretty obvious damn we
never get it Marley what is it all those
people saying that I'm afraid of snakes
man I would right away it's like shays
video so I felt really really cooped up
being in the car for like five or six is
so bright so I felt like I had to go run
for a little bits like a live o'clock
now and I am kind of lost right now ever
last time I was talking about the the
cheesy mailboxes Oh check this one out
so what what's the point of a giant
tacky golf ball thing anyway I'm lost I
have no idea where I'm at um it doesn't
help that I'd this giant light and front
of my face that's for sure oh and those
who have really awesome eyes you can see
where it says right here which says my
name trippy I don't have you can see
that now um no I didn't write that
recently this actually this shirt that
I'm wearing is from when I was in
seventh grade so that's my seventh-grade
hand right oh my god did anyone else
have like series problems after watching
the movie it with these things things
get those things every single time I go
buy one I have to go around it because I
think a big giant cheesy clown is gonna
come and get me ridiculous i know i will
devour your soul right after I eat this
fish he's Charles Charles trippin with
Marley's early and his fiancee ality you
can wash water shut up ready a decision
from the internet
