oh look it's raining bet you guys didn't
see that one coming again so this might
seem a little bit random I was in the
post office and no Gator this is the pet
peeve of mine it's a silly one someone I
really gets me mad but don't you hate it
when you hear your favorite song on the
radio like you're like in the waiting
around for example div listening to
music or post office and as you know i'm
used to go over the headphones or
whatever headphones you know what i'm
talking about the speakers but don't you
hate it when your favorite song comes on
and then there's always that one person
in line that thinks they're the best
whistlers and the world so they
proceeded to whistle your favorite song
but they think they're the artists and
they add little inflections or low
pitches to the song and it totally ruins
it for you I know it's silly but I just
wanted to see if I anyone else shared my
thoughts on that dude totally butchered
Hey Jude oh and guess what yeah as you
saw the last couple videos ally has
rediscovered her love for Bioshock so
therefore I have not seen my fiance in
the past two days I'm gonna go home and
try to rip her off that thing cuz you
know look how beautiful today is all the
rain and stuff I just hope we going to
oh by the way I lied we're not gonna
stare so today we're going tomorrow that
I hope when we go a little bit south in
Florida it's not gonna be so rainy and
we can actually shoot these videos you
hate what I ignore you don't you okay so
I think you guys got something in the
mail all right looks like it's from
Terra hookman what
oh you guys are gonna like this one it's
a platypus it's get your own platypus
you don't eat mine hold on hold on hold
on who wants the platypus whoa mark okay
but wait wait wait this is what is okay
me me I want it okay well look it wait
no look there's something in here what
is this the platypus is gave birth
weight don't platypuses don't worry wait
don't platypi platypuses platypus let
platypi all right don't they give live
birth no no no no there are mammal they
lay eggs that's right lid oh we got toys
inside toys you can episode you can't
have this one you have this thing you're
gonna that okay and then so you can get
this oh so we take it from her quit let
here take things from you come on I'm
going to fight your battles aren't I hey
let me see this you get it no don't let
her take it don't let her take it pull
back yeah great there we go Zoe here you
go little dougie there we go see
everyone's happy now and you haven't
moved
good news is that she's almost beating
it so our almost has beat it so i'll
have a fiance back yeah I know
hey
are you you just jumped on me a bunch of
crazy bugs out right now yeah well how
many tix are on my head right now it's
really probably I'll washed off I'm
gonna playing with us right now so I'm
gonna be an amateur I'm going to be an
amateur videographer right now a little
bit rainy but you seem are Marley on a
squirrel hunt what you guys here
freaking you out come on you hold me
back she wanted to roll in the squirrel
poop go uh you're too slow still looking
for those squirrels isn't she have you
ever wondered who bob was and how he was
able to make such a fortune and
barricades look at this spider what
valley just found okay it's in this tree
but check it you can catch a bird in
that thing that is that's scary yeah
they're not yeah I should go up there
maybe like a friend what do you think
should we make like Charles barricades
or CTFxC barricades instead of Bob got
that one not like squirrel murders we
just want her going to have fun she's
never gonna catch it see everyone knows
she's the dog school chasing the dogs go
chasing dogs club face and squirrel well
you sent your dog on schools all the
time be crazy and but the thing is if
Marley ever got a squirrel I don't think
she'd know what to do with it cookie the
birds oh he go get the bird so he's all
proud chasing that bird
Zoey ridiculous and I love the way this
camera looks you could just a jerk today
dog but OC it just looks like an
innocent picnic bench right oh no look
up on phones ringing but no check us out
yeah i almost put my face in that thing
mmm yummy this is becoming the Marley is
an a-hole vlog today she keeps running
into the woods so he's pooping in front
of the sign you know what that sign
price says no poop and allowed aw she's
coming for another one notice what's
wrong with this picture you gonna do it
again there are two perfect little paw
prints right around you little baby
maker well that's what the beauty is
just like on the side man like marking
that territory how hard it is I know
you're cute buddy Marley actually really
likes this dog it's surprising it is a
dog party here I'm thing Marley's not
digging all the dogs geez she's got her
own place look at Ali being a little
photographer over there oh that's good
Marley have to get a buddy Mary Cassatt
hey hey
the doctors just punched me in the balls
his name's Zoey 20 oh my god Marley
might have be the same kind of dog she's
like wait you're like me hold on we're
both have curly tails look what I picked
a good job look at this this is like the
mack daddy of all flies and then if you
pull back that's how baking his isn't it
crazy for fly as the jeff goldblum fly
right there I'm starting to think that
using dogs as test subjects for this
camera is like the best thing ever just
like bringing them out here and letting
them run around please after that you
guys
Bishop this is actually by a guy named
his name is is I hope I don't see his
website or anything like that but i'll
put a link to download it you can
download on our website internet killed
TV yeah it's pretty it's pretty good
it's called the Marlene Zoe wrap it's
pretty awesome so make sure to go
download that now and if you want out
you make a music video with it tell her
she should do that too whoa breaking out
the big guns mar okay so i have a plan
for what i want to do tonight let's
let's gauge Charles's reaction okay so
you want to go to you wanna i was
thinking about it okay and afterwards i
would like to go and see twilight
eclipse okay i know i had you on camera
because i knew you were gonna react like
that some of you guys might know that
have an iphone 4 or have just been
listening to me complain you can't
currently upload HD okay you can film
edit but you can't upload HD videos with
the iphone even on Wi-Fi apparently
steve jobs sending an email mac rumors
that the is coming soon but right now if
you have an iPhone 4 and you want to
know how to upload HD videos directly to
YouTube from your phone I'm testing this
program called pixelpipe sorry here
pixelpipe and I'm testing it right now
on the trippy channel look at an email
and it seems to be working find the only
limitation is that the file has to be
200 megabytes are smaller for an example
of what this looks like directly from my
phone look under this video or click
here and you'll see one directly edited
edited filmed and uploaded from the
phone using pixelpipe so until they fix
this to work around just want to let you
guys know so i know you're annoyed just
like I was not only is she making me go
see this twilight movie but you're
making me listen to this crap again
but that's okay I came prepared cargar
yeah I don't think we're gonna go see
this movie thank God but I don't super
me right now like driving around
flashing Justin Bieber like I'm totally
a part of the sea right so my calling
I'm putting the window down oh you're
getting those twilight tickets oh you
got that I like a kid so is your like
street cred totally totally expired now
that was like buying drugs I was like
can I have two students for now the
internets yeah the internet but you know
watching you recorded it i did record it
I dedrick so good so I'm to show our
children I'm secure a twilight nerd that
you were toward that's worth yep tour oh
you're wearing those to the theater by
the way oh yeah when we go Oh car all
right haha so we're clear so I'm
currently uploading what I just filmed
right now i'm using a pixelpipe if you
want to see it like i said it's down
below the only thing is doing this on 3g
is it takes forever so make sure you
have Wi-Fi because it says 70 minutes
right now that's that's insane that's
just not acceptable a nerd
really see it's still uploading 14
minutes I need life for soccer was this
over with
oh this is the same game why really what
is this what is this world cup over
who's winning favor de winter winning
this is Ali trying to explain soccer to
me she's using ketchup and salt and
pepper bye she's embarrassed alright so
you know that pixelpipe little work
around that I was talking about it
doesn't really like videos that are over
a minute long on 3g so I'm gonna borrow
the local starbucks internet before this
oh no I think it's free for iphone users
actually thank you Starbucks you win
again well starbucks you build me it
still says 47 minutes it's not worth it
just pixelpipe things seems to be a big
pansy ass day holy Alex got this like
system of a down thing going whoa whoa
hey that's where I was died for writing
right there
yay rain you think Twila will be rained
out qualcomm watch out for vampires and
werewolves they're everywhere this pack
theater No so loud guys keep it down
this is sweet ring ring right now dude
it's still trying to upload this is
turning it to be a disaster okay what do
you think you're gonna go to Team Jacob
or Team Edward her vampire you think
she's gonna turn into a vampire yeah
maybe something random will happen and
the Frankenstein monster I and both of
them will die and she'll have to live by
herself Jordan shed though she'll become
gay for her best friend know what I
thought I'll get her for every without
humans how old is Edward really old and
how old is Bella 1860 17 he's a
pedophile or the benefile I just thought
about that Oh Edward Ellie doesn't
believe me that it's not a trilogy to
she thought she was like wait she's that
what's going on you're right about the
fact that it's saga not really i didn't
know that he thought it was only three
but isn't there like six books so
there's probably like six movies I think
I don't know I don't know I think
there's six in by the way super excited
for the Deathly Hallows yeah so I
actually fell asleep for a brief second
I did it was too cheap i did i did i'm
saying you know it's really funny that's
the first time I've ever fallen asleep
out of blank you fell asleep in the
middle of eclipse yeah I did there was
so much sexy teen actually there's so
much
nah but I mean whatever it's a toilet
I'm pretty sure when they don't know
what to do like when they're like um not
sure about a chance in here just make
out yeah I your face it's sort of one
instead of a cross dissolve it was the
make out the classy whoa um I got no
spoilers it was ok where it was ok by
telling you they're made out of lies
yeah that was ok so we're gonna go home
we gotta fix pack fix packing we have to
pack some more shirts probably I don't
know pack some more shirts one am now
and then we have to leave tomorrow for
Sarah Cirrus the Wiz so we gotta pack
for like three weeks or two weeks or a
week out anymore but I don't know if you
are a girl you'll probably like Twilight
if you are a dude taking a girl out for
a date one and pressor take you to
Twilight or if you're in dude for likes
dudes you will appreciate taylor
lautner's washboard abs yeah so again I
don't know whatever oh right there
assuming you're there now you gotta flip
it back to me that way oh well he's
there there ok wait now I can say hey
what's up wait he's all but let me hold
it you hold it Charles like don't let go
of the iphone don't I know look at it
Sarah Khouri hey where the space-time is
also be some face time right now yeah
this is kind of private it's kind of
cool though like you know what I mean
like with all technology apples like you
know what we need the face time again we
need FaceTime
we have a problem I'd rather just be a
thickness the bioshock he's Charles
Charles trapping with myleeza Rihanna's
fiance ality you can watch my channel
when your indecision from the internet
