good morning guys
haha you to d3
fine I gotta get all these errands done
before it starts raining remember the
other day when it was like pouring yeah
they said it was supposed to do that
again today so I'm heading back over to
the costumes last magic shop can I get
some more makeup for another video I'm
gonna shoot a video on my Charles Trippy
channel I'm getting really tough time
getting really productive this is I love
feeling like this we're like it's the
whole I think it's the exercising thing
though the running eating better the
filming it just gets me more motivated
to do things so I'm pretty stoked
so let's recap we got Ally she's doing
it littles I don't want to call it a
skit but a little video on her channel
then she's got some more challenges
including the windi's one we're gonna do
what this is actually an idea I've had
since last year but I held off from
doing it on my channel the Charles
Trippy channel and then now now that I
can do HD on my iPhone I've been doing
more the the iPhone channel which is
funny if you didn't see the berry the
raspberry and the champagne it's gonna
be stupid stuff like that just stupidly
random stuff kind of like a sneak peak
before the thing but the main thing is
like I'm being so productive now and I'm
giving you guys a lot of videos to watch
and not only do you guys get free videos
but I feel like my the juices the juices
are moving again you know what I mean
like you know like a writer's block I
guess I don't what should we call that
not the it's a writer's block for the
internet I want to call it something
else like making videos online cuz
writer's block is just like you know
whatever will call for the essays and
journals and
stories but from video creators what
should we call quote unquote writer's
block should we've got like video block
that just that's lame I'm gonna leave it
up to you guys to come up with a cool
name though what I feel like I'm
bursting out of that so I'm pretty happy
ah here comes the rain oh my god we know
there's like so hot
oh my god okay guys Spain Portugal let's
see who gets the kid
did you just drop it
that was funny
friendly friendly embrace I gotta say
I'm rich for Spain sorry guys Oh Marley
wants this piece of bread stick that I
have and she's looking at me but every
once in a while once you use the
vuvuzela her ears will just like dart
around look at her
you could have overzealous
you're right here's having some problems
position
so this is from Pete let's see what he
sends The Flaming Lips oh actually you
know this is one of those bands that I
have been told to listen to but I've
actually never listened to them so OH
hydrolysis in this alright check this
out this is from Tammy I don't even
think I can open this in the car holy
crap there's a whoa yeah I can't even
open this is a car
well thanks Tammy oh there's more I'm
assuming this is you wait no Steph was
that Matty and Tammy so thank you guys
okay this is the Flaming Lips with Henry
Rollins and peaches or whatever these
are whites white dwarfs they're doing
the entire Dark Side of the Moon this is
awesome I love I love this album okay I
want to listen to this thing the whole
way through now this is the first time I
actually let's do an actual physical CD
in forever be honest Internet how many
actually buy albums like physical albums
anymore okay let's let's do this do you
I'm not gonna tell anyone you guys
download your music from itunes or like
Amazon order you download it from like
torrents or do you buy physical albums
I haven't only physical albums that
buyer like strung out and half I but
usually I buy it off of iTunes so I was
just curious I want to I want to get a
little consensus and see what you guys
do don't worry I won't tell anyone this
safe place this is a safe place
at least our comments are safe for now
watch out for those trolls here comes
the rain
so I just got a bunch of bunch more
makeup I've never I never had so much
pickup in my life and check this out
I look like a stripper the guy was
having fun and he was a chef I mean I
was like I need glitter and he's like
okay and I'm like now I look like a
whore so I got all that and filming that
it's gonna be so fun literally I've had
this idea for a year and I've been
sitting on a per year I'm ready to get
it filmed Ally's currently watching the
soccer game the football game
I guess Madrid or Spain or something so
I'm killing some time at Best Buy I'm
gonna give that movie Hot Tub Time
Machine don't know if it's good but I
like all the actors so we'll see their
teams are so well matched it's really
this game is really intense really
awesome well that's no good that's where
I have to turn well it looks like
everyone's walk around from both cars so
that's good yeah it's so good well going
along way home no toy it's just a movie
see just a movie no toys today don't eat
this movie you're gonna snip it okay
ok do you know anybody like like Ali
where like the person is watching sports
and they're constantly yelling at the TV
as if they can hear my dad does it a lot
too you should watch sports with my dad
every time I watch soccer like it's just
a ball going back and forth it reminds
me of that episode of The Simpsons where
they're like Garcia presses back to
Gomez Gomez back to Garcia I'm gonna see
you back the Gomez you know I'm talking
about what episode is maybe I should go
back out so hey
nobody has scored on Portugal you're at
the SI Dios 14 oh good - Vanya right
there blocks
beautiful so beautiful do that to your
face
Farley you actually look like a turtle
right now your heads poking out and your
tails okay it's Miley the turtle Marley
the turtle
the dog just lives for attention Luke
who's addicted to Bioshock look at these
balloons all right I can't ever put on
so I was reading the comments the other
day max it was yesterday's video in the
day before when I beat my record member
was 10 20 then 10 19 I beat it 9:45 I
was reading all your comments I was like
you know what I really need to beat this
the 9:45 is my new best that's that's
pretty good for me
at any rate 9:45 go trials go Charles
dope Goh chok don't care if I'm dancing
Nexus Street where all these cars drive
by me like on the street it's just
they're naming you guys since we're here
all the time what's wrong with your wing
okay I'm gonna call you Sebastian you're
gonna be a hole you're gonna be pumpkin
you're gonna be Garfunkel you're gonna
be Simon you're gonna be Jenny oh you're
gonna be angry
this one is the angry one is the baby
that's that's goose hard right there I'm
gonna call that one GU start the turtle
with a happy birthday thing you know
turtles are always awesome okay this is
a lease it's a girl I was reading a
couple of the comments are you shocked
that I've teleported into the car the
automobile I just got to get a couple of
errands done I just got it's not a clock
met but I don't think anything is open
we're going to Sarasota tomorrow and
then here my channel light would that be
better for you guys tomorrow
and then we're go to California and then
I really want to tell you where we're
going it's really cool and you guys are
really gonna like it we're gonna be
there for like a week it's it's tropical
it's got a cool beer that doesn't really
make sense when you think of this beer
you think of this country okay if that
helps it'll narrow it down actually no
it doesn't that doesn't help at all
it's it's a unique bottle there we go
that's it that's all I'm giving you
because it's might fall through and then
we'll all be disappointed anyway
oh so yeah a lot of you guys wrote in
the comments were saying how it was like
Charles do I like talking in the third
person now haha I was thinking about the
comment how I didn't look amused or
excited about the the surprise party
what happened was it was about 10:30 at
night when they all got me when Ali came
up and got me just before she came up
there I actually ran about eight miles
you know the daily my daily jog and
getting buses stuff remember I fell
asleep on the couch watching Futurama
that's show ever and that's when she was
like hey Anthony has a question about
editing so I was like alright what's
going on and that's why I looked
completely confused because I was I was
really confused but I have to say you
know that was like one of the nicest
things that you know Ali's done for me
and John Lindsey Mike and Anthony I mean
I just met those guys and that was that
was really nice and they went out of the
way and I definitely appreciate the the
thought the thought process and they've
been really nice they've been really
helpful and you know
goes well saying my fiance's you know
best fiance ever so be jealous she's
mine he's Charles Charles trippin with
my reality
