good morning everyone today feels so
much better than the last couple days
obviously we're complaining about feet
even like we're stuck here anyway it's
been so freakin hot and now it's got
this cool breeze I'm assuming what
everyone was referring to as what New
Zealand actually feels like I'm gonna go
walk around and meet everybody
yeah it'll find everyone just this is
the coolest thing about being over here
and having the mild jetlag I guess the
name jetlag it's jet feature whatever it
would be because I've been waking up at
like 4:00 or 5:00 or 6:00 in the morning
and I'm like ready to start the day so I
have to force myself to go back to sleep
for a couple hours until everyone's up
and so I can actually do stuff because
not even where it was open at 4:00 and
it's like 4:00 in the afternoon I wait
let's see it's actually 347 so yes 4:00
in the afternoon and I am officially
starting my day after editing multiple
videos emails all that fun Jonas I can
finally start my day cold out again who
would have thought right Florida weather
you're not crazy or temperamental or
anything weird like that and as a result
my woke up this morning my throat was
hurting so who knows everyone is getting
this weird funky thing that's going on
with weather changing and it's like you
have cold but you don't have cold so
it's kind of technically always there
lingering and I think that's what's
going on so I've got my cold ease I'm
gonna get a good late lunch and start my
day you guys remember this thing from
like Walmart and stuff that's just a
glorified one dated it's like a circle
when was the ether up in the air yeah
hey cuz and it just falls on the ground
that's actually pretty cool
I've seen this one this one sucks of
course we find the closest thing to Best
Buy in all bachlin
disrespect the way I think people always
you put your gum on this drone uh people
stopped on this I'm like best buyers I'm
million in one BBS and that's why you
have like five oh look at this there's
ancient D batteries Kohli mentioned this
place called Mount even I guess it's
where a crater
I guess landed yeah millions probably
years ago so you know me I like anything
space I had to come here and check it
out plus it's a nice little walk let's
get away from the city a little bit sick
and tired of seeing Smith okay you know
how that that road that we were trying
to go off the other day this is about
the same thing just a little bit it's
like right there is gonna get over to it
I should just throw the drawer up right
here just became like I got there Oh
I have no idea how I was able to fly
that drone in this weather or this wind
it's honestly I don't know if you can't
hear because there's a muffler on the
top of me it's incredibly powerful
my hurricane-force wind right there yet
the drone survived and got those awesome
shots this is cool I don't look like
it's just a giant hole in the ground but
just imagining a meteor just crashing in
probably completely wiping out this
entire area I'm just hitting right there
Catalan go to the bottom I know if I do
that though I hurt myself because I what
I'm thinking is obviously this Hill
probably didn't even exist so this thing
went in here exploded and created this
giant mountain it's just so fascinating
you can't tell the perspective how deep
it is from here though sleepy Grand
Canyon it just looks like a green screen
I mean there's a tiny little person over
there that kind of gives me some sort of
perspective some kind of kind of did a
thing I know it's been going on for the
past couple of months we've been trying
to find carpets for the house for the
rooms now especially upstairs I know
that sounds weird we took the carpet out
to a morning well it's not that I took
the carpet out to put more in it's more
that we're trying to keep the echo down
because it's pretty intense upstairs
I needed a carpet for downstairs but
then I also wanted either a carpet for
upstairs in one of the rooms or worn for
in our bedroom I totally forgot for
Christmas and so I literally paid like
twenty bucks for two carpets it's pretty
amazing and they were until I just kind
of feel like such a bargain topper and I
absolutely love it got some really cute
CTFxC years in there and they were super
sleek very very shy they had a good
friend they came up was like hey she
knows you they know you they watch every
day and it was very nice and so girls if
you're watching it's nice to meet you I
I feel like we said hello real quick and
then it was done so it's very nice to
meet you guys but I'm gonna think of
someone see what I can I can do
hopefully you don't have to return it
I don't know I'm such a weird person
with this we'll see what happens so
Marley hey I got the rugs and you have
to be good you cannot pee pee on them
because you want to know why cuz your
sister is sliding everywhere so we need
them for her and mom would like to have
some nice things in this house deal
no pbn on the rug gift no don't be cute
you
no you like to weird or should I pull
the couch back thoughts
ah I went to go get food and I came back
with this deliciousness
ever since Hawaii I've been addicted to
the acai bowls every time I see them I
have to get like 40 of them I actually
had this for breakfast to look at this
is like Tokyo everyone's just crossing
wherever so today is the last day in
Auckland last day in New Zealand
tomorrow would go for I guess it's gonna
be like a week and a half almost two
weeks in Australia so rather than
converting my money into USD and losing
like twenty dollars I'm smart I just
converted it to Australian and it was
almost exact same amount of money that's
what you call using your brain I don't
do it often but I thought that'd be the
smartest way to do it just another sad
bike there's literally nothing else
somebody could steal
hey buddy
avian flu sample time on the camera
but you got to keep it lower gonna be
honest I can't tell if it goes with the
flow of our living room which isn't much
of a flow anyways see I was excited this
is second eye in room I look like total
crap because I've just been wearing
myself out you don't like it I don't
like it
darn it my heart they don't oh just give
cardigans take it back anyway so better
get up for the dogs get all over it so
but the other rug I got I'm actually I'm
kind of liking it
my only concern is that because I know
they have dirty puppy paws I'm going to
go with neither of these were successful
I really wish I had the means to hire
somebody to come in and decorate her
hole out so that it would just be done
you know and then I would not worry
about it how that's a huge deal but like
I feel like our house is incomplete
because we're still always working on it
which I think it's gonna be constant no
matter what but still I was like really
confident like these are gonna be great
I know they're gonna turn well but I
don't know I just I wasn't feeling him
and I don't not spend a gift card and I
gotta sweetened it so I just you know I
was trying to be like really like a head
of things and I was trying to surprise
Charles and have some things done but I
think it's better that I have mirrors
you can kind of knock some sense into me
so just gonna take those back and start
off right where I was an hour ago what
about if I do this
just fade it up Darth Vader so
apparently there's a cyclone coming
tomorrow and we're flying out tomorrow I
don't know what a cyclone is the tribe
says the tornado but just goes the
opposite way but but he attracts drugs
his lies all the time between trap and
Frankie I never know what's real what's
not real so like I said
apparently there's a cyclone coming this
way which is crazy can I take it out
remember earlier today I was saying like
it was so windy was like a third date
force winds I mean look at this this is
like insane like
feels nice considered what was lost
couple days a New Zealand hurricane
apparently there's one everywhere
so nice appear the doctor Tommy Tommy
also
well guys day 1 of the Australia New
Zealand tour was amazing
Auckland is always a fun place to play
I'm gonna go to bed cuz we have a super
early flight because we're going to
Australia I think we're gonna meld in
Melbourne Melbourne right
Melvin cuz every time I said no born
male born we're going tomorrow bored
Australia yeah now we're going to
stratum also don't forget to subscribe
and we'll see you guys in Australia
alright have a good night bye guys
