I got a nice little package I counted
bad I got a nice big package I should
say it still sounds bad I got this box
none of this sounds good so far good
morning guys
you guys remember this little guy from
when we did the zombie thing with the
hatchet that's been sitting in my
frickin garage since I destroyed him
with that hatchet there's nothing else I
can do with him it's early walks by when
we throw out the trash this is going to
crack up I'm in complete and utter shock
right now my wife never uses an emoji
she sent me this earlier and I was
completely in shock I know that sounds
stupid but in the freaking years that
I've known this woman she's never once
ever I know it sounds crazy
ever ever ever sent an emoji through
text sitting here editing and I saw that
I was like hey Kaitlyn take her phone I
was blown away it sounds dumb I know I
just had to put it in the video so that
I could remember this till when she says
all I never used in the moji right now
anyone paying attention mark this down
so that way if I ever up the references
dish has a lot of you guys already know
I leaved Wednesday or Thursday for
Europe of UK for slam dunk fest so I
need the 6-2 cavers I know I've been
doing a lot of like stuff around the
house like a lot of yard work but like I
just said like if I don't get it done
before I leave the entire like you know
Hawaii trip which is kind of like our
pre honeymoon I won't be able to relax
because I'm going to know at home I have
so many things to do I don't know if
you're that kind of person but if I
start something and I don't finish it
drives me nuts
all right oh it seems what I need this
feels like concrete I realized I just
said concrete feels like concrete but it
feels heavy
that's sucked wants the wage and see if
I can actually do this that big giant
stirring stick that probably is always
going to try to confiscate probably a
good time to tell
I've never done phonetic are already I
didn't do it wrong step out shoot keep
it bad I don't want to make its men all
over you see it looks like they sold me
the wrong stuff you see that's flat and
if you look at this it's got a little
stupid rocks in it so went all the way
back and they told me all I need is
something like this this is way easier
transport jobs was there hunting back
here if you got duck Rowland grass I
love this up there's another one over
there doing the same thing I tried to do
it like some pieces are better another
feel like Christmas with them we're
going to do what we can as long as it's
on that
voices they're grown-up stuff is so cool
don't to where we don't feel like cool
yes we're fixing a jack you paid for but
this is what happens when you're past 24
good job babe is it whisper standard I
think literally this is what we do we
just let it set in there I'm going to
push it in and then I'll put more on top
thanks game in this gray that then
there's that and that's how deep it is
you guys remember yesterday or the other
day when I was waiting of it oh no
look it's us almost willing why that
stupid rain is ridiculous called a good
wife right there
I'm goodness has an awesome power drink
you know I was thinking in the early
vlog like this is why I think about the
vlogs
they have never changed in the past
eight years in the fact that like the
vlogs have always been about my daily
life whether it's going to the park
doing something crazy like traveling the
world of the band or right now cleaning
up at the house and I feel like that's
what's been really cool about everything
so that's a true documentation of my
life not every day is something crazy
and I feel like that's why I do these
because I didn't do this to begin with
to do some crazy every day because if
you think about it I'd be freaking
exhausting if you're doing something
nuts every single day because I've
always wondered like have the daily
videos for the CTFxC kind of change have
to become something different and I kind
of sat back and I actually watched old
videos because I know a couple people
said that and I was like you know what
I'm going to watch a couple of videos to
be completely honest some of the old
CTFxC videos were way more boring than
anything that I could possibly think of
and that's why I think it's pretty
awesome that they progressed in the fact
that boy and the fact that they still
hold true to the nature of what daily
videos started not just myself but back
in the day when it was like myself Shea
and a couple other people and I think
that's oh everything's gonna fall off
like I said I thought about it and I was
like have we lost our way as far as the
daily videos and truthfully we have it
I'm very proud of that because when I
look back on these things I get to look
back on the fact that like there were
some crazy things that I've done in my
20s and 30s
and then there were some real-life
things that I did my 20th 30s does it
make sense okay like this is one of
those Charles rambles about nothing and
those have always been there when I went
back and watched the old CTFxC videos I
watched to see what I was rambling about
like guy would have car rambles and I
think a lot of you guys have been here
for a long time actually remember those
I just get in the car go get coffee and
cookies with Zoey and Marley and I would
talk about nothing the things I was
talking about makes no sense to me now
because I am older but at the time they
were really important to me or there was
things that I was thinking I think that
was kind of cool because there's things
that I completely forgot like I would
just you know they don't cross my mind
anymore but when I watch them I was like
oh so that's where my head was at that
point in my life and I feel like that's
why I do these things to reminisce about
what I felt at what age of my life and
what day of my life
I don't know if that makes any sense but
I know it makes sense to me in my head
so I guess what I was trying to say is
to anyone who ever says the CTFxC has
changed or has done something different
or is just not the same to that I say I
guess some people are right I have
changed I've grown up I've gone from my
early 20s to my early 30s online with
you guys one thing will never change is
my love for the CTFxC and you guys and
the fact that I'm able to put my life on
the internet for right now nine years of
my life will always be on the internet I
will always be able to go back and see
how I felt
and what I did during these crazy years
of my life whether good or bad and the
cool thing is you guys will always be
able to do that too
most of you have watched for years and
years I met I met so many of you guys
you'll come up to me and you'll be like
I've been watching 78 years or not I've
been there since day one or day three or
day five or something like that even day
like 342 is still a long time so it's
kind of cool because you guys will get
to you know watch the videos and see
where you were you're your time of your
life and I think that's that's really
cool I think that's what makes me see
galaxy an amazing important community
versus just some guy who puts their
videos online something like that does
it make sense and you know for anyone
who says you're Charles you've changed
like I said I hope I have because if
anyone's staying the exact same they
have for eight or nine years they're
kind of doing something wrong and I'm
not afraid of you can say that I
honestly hope people have changed and
grown up I really truly do because
that's what life is if you're staying
the same
they're probably doing it wrong okay I
feel like I've rambled a little too much
which is very Charles like okay I'll
shut up now all right yes once you might
finish work after like an hour hour and
a half like night and day
I always did this but I never thought
I'm doing discussed it's kind of
actually you know kind of rewarding in
the sense they're actually achieving
something I'm pretty good get a little
bit better now about going to UK a
little less things on my mind now Oh
Cinderella do you need your glass
slipper
you're not allowed to go to the ball
until this is clean I'm going to be all
three evil stepsisters right now there
you have a good question this is going
to be perplexing if Cinderella's shoes
fit perfectly why did it fall off right
that's a puzzler yeah I have perfectly
fitting shoes do I never fall off and
why if there were such good shoes why
did she leave you behind because she
like dropped them one thing a couple
steps back toward them and there was
like no like she was like one more step
away from those that his glass rookery
opposite ear okay I see you let's stop
it Diesel's writes up though he's left
sup okay bossy
okay don't slip the last two days these
guys have been inseparable as far as
laying next to each other last night
they did the same thing
I got a snapchat this to make sure
everyone knows yep yeah everyone sees it
now it happened they're doing it again
do you want to get up there too just a
couple of dogs all I've got to tell you
guys it's been killing me all day I got
a nice little package my time is bad I
got a nice big package I should say it
still sounds bad I got this box
none of this comes on all the selves
inappropriate I got bit and I've been
waiting all day to open it before the
end of the vlog we're gonna go run right
now the key for keeping up with the
running yeah what are you doing I never
realized how tall and your wingspan
really was your arms are so long as your
torso
she's got you feeling I win
an account already I want you to pause
the video and guess what is in here so
I'm going to give you a pause video like
pause screen okay 1 2 3
pot
okay so we left on the move too tired
Tony is it a llama vegan second I'll
show you I'm going to ship the Range
Rover is Ranger on one two three let me
go check yes Juliet went 1.5 million the
tail so we have gold we got platinum and
we have 1.5 million 2008 2012 2016
that's incredible
this is huge we got the riaa down at the
bottom as per records single check yes
Juliet time reading up back backwards
and upside down right now you're not
going to be a lot of room on the wall
anymore huge dad I'm coming for you and
price actually had a long way to go
gregg allman that's recreate anything is
I know I wasn't on check yes Juliet but
in 2008 but I was on it for 12 and 16
so this sale I was on it for a million
million in sales since I've been in the
band just kind of cool
this is awesome too but you know
obviously it makes just like a real real
personal thing and it makes you feel
really really proud this is the kind of
stuff you make possible because there we
make some music
but you guys buy the music and stream
the music and come to show this is a
good way to in the video poker my little
rant kind of resonated and maybe made
some sense because you know it when I
thought sometimes it just doesn't make
sense
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
and like I said the other day go get the
CTFxC emoji apps for free down there in
the description and subscribe because a
brand new have a good night bye guys
it's so cool Matt yeah it's a big one
