wake her up wake her up
wake her up get her uh what's with the
makeup lady I total it just started
raining and you gotta see Zoe she gets
so scared she there she is she's sitting
on your feet isn't she the first thunder
or lightning bolt that she heard she's
ran oh poor Zoe oh you can't get behind
me everywhere I go it's okay I mean
she's really afraid to storming so me
coming I made you a little bit look we
made someone a little bit back here come
on don't go in the bathroom come on Zoe
come here come here says though marlis
totally now face she's like what what is
this
Eddie's why are you afraid like wait
where you going hey wait don't leave
don't leave I come with you don't leave
I'm coming with you they were stuck you
up oh the power there was just a
huge lightning strike and Zoe took long
to go you're like whatever I can just
sleep just leaving the post office now
nice long receipt again and I think we
just pissed off probably everybody and
the
a lot of people actually you guys pissed
them off
I'm just kidding let's keep pissing them
off it's funny look at Ali these things
boring and watching this this who's
playing Brazil versus Chile Chile
yeah let me guess you guys wanted Brazil
to win everyone wants to look like
Brazil is like the Yankees of soccer
everyone wants Brazil what's I mean okay
well well know Raziel Brazil everyone
wants Brazil you you hate them like you
hate the Yankees but you still wanted
noise
becoming a bird
I know it yet Zoey all right I'm on my
way
I just annoyed myself so you're like
gagging you little whore gotta get
censoring the boo-boos I don't know how
to say I'm still I still have no idea
how to pronounce how do you pronounce it
sounds like you're farting big hairy
part yeah those things are the most
annoying things ever listen you can hear
it that's all you hear is listen you
hear it in the background that's Alli I
was being annoying alright so now I
officially hate these little bumpers
because I can't plug this in the charge
in my car nor can I listen to music in
my car that the adaptors are all weird
they're too lame Apple Design fail is
this just me or do you just like freak
out every time he's like hear a siren
likes like big giant ambulance or a fire
truck or something I I never know where
to go
like I always try to get out of the way
as far as I possibly can but I just I
don't know what's enough for it to get
by and I just like I don't know I always
like being like anxiety attack every
single time but on a less stressful note
I was just talking to the people I don't
want to tell you guys yet
but silver pie we're packing for VidCon
we got to go down to Sarasota for a few
days then we gotta fly out to VidCon
then we got to come back and then we're
going to a really tropical so long as it
doesn't follow through tropical and
awesome place really excited once once
it's totally 100% I'll let you guys now
but don't worry they're coming you're
coming with us and I will upload every
single day I mean we've been doing this
with 424 days
we're not mister today I'm not gonna
stop by water I wonder it actually you
know what is there a world record for
consecutively uploading a video
like without missing a day every single
day is there like a world record like a
Guinness world record because I mean we
have not missed one day out of 424 days
I don't think no I really I really don't
think we missed one day I wonder what
the world record is just imagine this if
we got in the Guinness World Records for
daily vlogging
that'd be unbelievable hi Zoe you want
to drive or something do you want to
drive this is what she does
oh by the way I checked the Teen Choice
Awards website and it's still down you
guys are awesome this is so funny oh and
by the way here's how's this how's this
for a challenge if we win the Teen
Choice Award for the web star thing if
we get enough votes and we will actually
win I mean it's it's a lot it's a lot of
competition but if we win I will get a
CTFxC tattoo
I haven't actually run this by Ali yet
but she's gonna have to agree but yeah
if we win a Teen Choice Award I will get
a CTFxC tattoo so make sure you guys are
voting every single day once the website
gets up and I'll get a tattoo a CTFxC
one and I'll wear it with pride and then
if we have a Guinness World Record I'll
make a like it one too but don't tell
her I'll do it what she's like sleeping
what are you doing what's up okay
I still think you have like the Guinness
World Record with longest dog tongue and
Marley you have the world's record for
smallest pinhead just kidding
you hear that those kids are playing
with those vuvuzela things beautiful
nature sorry I had to do it so I came
home and Ally's watching the soup you
know with Joel McHale and it wasn't just
Tyra right there's Tyra Banks let me see
if I can find this clip I'll put the
full thing in the sub box if it's online
basically she gets bit by a dog and then
later pretends to have rabies and
freakin
okay okay let me just find part of it
hold on it is really bad okay let me
find this this is probably the most
awkward thing I was watching it that was
like doing this the entire time okay let
me see the clips that the teen choice
website is yeah Teen Choice Awards -
delay voting will resume shortly you
guys are just hammering their site it's
awesome though okay so just a set up um
she comes on the show and she says that
she's shaken because she I guess was
bitten by a dog while jogging and this
is this is how she yeah so she's like
crying uh what what look at everyone's
faces look at this
what the hell is this okay I don't want
to show any more of it if you want to
see this links up with a link in the
little thing I know I I'm just yeah let
me know in the comments if you think
Tyra Banks has officially lost her mind
because I think that's yeah looks like
the grocery stores that happened in spot
today party at the grocery store come on
Marley you guys want to see how big of a
brat this little dog is watch this you
know it rained yeah we're gonna show him
out bratty you are she doesn't like she
doesn't like wet grass she'll run away
see no no no no no no and she's gone hey
don't eat that goose poop I've got a
handicap you're just slow you're too
slow so II she's peeing
I gotta totally beat you you know what's
funny I was driving you know what's
funny why hear something funny
I was driving down the road and I saw
this girl jogging I was like who's that
hottie and then I looked I was like oh
that's a li yeah oh yeah sorry
um I'm vlogging on the iPhone right now
because I forgot the camera when I saw
the hottie eye I was like dude I'm gonna
start jogging next to the hottie so
you're just gonna have to deal with it
okay
the quality's as long as I don't go like
this can you hear me you can't hear me
but if I'm talking like this you can
totally hear me
maybe we'll see that a whole snake again
is she Swan poop yeah what are you doing
get the goose goose
did you eat goose poop it must be
special type of poop for her hey I'm
about to sneak out of the house Charles
is out running and me and our downstairs
neighbors I'm gonna go and get a bunch
of stuff to make a cake and like put
streamers and balloons all over our
downstairs apartment to celebrate
Charles being nominate for the Teen
Choice Awards because yesterday I was
just a bad person I didn't even like
really congratulate him that much and
it's a really awesome thing and it's
like a really cool honor to be non mini
to be nominated there we go I can't even
talk it's a really awesome thing for him
to be nominated and I'm really proud of
him and so we're gonna do a little
Fiesta for him tonight so I'm gonna
sneak around and try and get it down
before he gets back and notices that
something's going on
look at the baby one move aside move
aside
they don't waddle in your butts you know
you guys could pick up your poop once in
a while hey close your mouth eat me why
aren't you guys up north I don't get it
nobody on the internet knows why either
you're battling them
but I have I got chicken come on your
foot oh yeah
we're scouting for balloons for this for
this party that we're throwing for
Charles and I think this is really the
best option that we found thus far
I do it as I hold on
all right
that's right I'm going to read a big
part or something
thank you so much
I don't think anybody will be upset by
sprinkle no psycho there's too many
sprinkles on this piece of game
sprinkles on my kit it's just an exploit
okay he's really good at figuring out
I'm bad at keeping secrets
I can't plan anything in advance because
I have to not film it and he gets really
like he's like oh wait I almost beat my
10:19 record but I fell shy I thought it
was 1022 anyway so you know that we're
trying to get back into shape I'm trying
to eat healthier this is what I want to
show you guys what I got and see if you
can't prove I got this thing I don't
know if you guys have ever had this
check this out it's a smart deli both
Bologna it's a balloon that's Bologna
style but it's tofu and it's got a lot
of protein so you notice this you're
like doing a lot of cardio it's good for
that and you know lifting weights and
all but I ain't very proud I got like
sir I got vegetables
I got carrots I got these these things
oh my god these things are so amazing
you guys but if you ever have a chance
to try these I promise you you'll love
them and then okay and then you do this
then you get this stuff right and then
you get some sour cream you can get
fat-free or whatever kind of you want
and they mix it together and you have
dip it's delicious it's really funny
that when you like you know start eating
better and exercising how much more
energy you have I could punch a shark in
the face you know what I'm gonna punch a
shark in the face I don't have a shark
but I figured a shark in the face told
you I'd do it Congrats on your
nomination we love you and there are
multi like you
know what the none of these make sense
sharpie vote you're right on it yeah oh
my god we are property huh
so I come out of the shower and yeah
this is what I see you're looking
outside what are you doing up there
you're not supposed to be up there
you're looking at the giant garlic look
at that garlic playing out look how big
that is
it's huge okay well you shouldn't be up
there probably comes home just jump off
so she doesn't know you're up there and
then I won't get in trouble
deal go to you Charles
Wow yeah
there would be no internet mm-hmm I see
maybe no but Al Gore did invent hot
sauce angle for leisure you are just not
pleased with this Marly you are just
doing but she's like shaking
uncontrollably so he just wants to sit
on somebody's computer Toby oh look at
your duck
there we go you look so good so eat
dregs like get that off of me
I know it's like are you guys in yang
right now they're like wrapped around
each other because they're so scared of
all the balloon popping so you're
surprised Marley's an ostrich yeah I was
surprised
okay okay come on she was like I'm gonna
wait in the closet I'm just gonna attack
him I'm just gonna jump it on his head
it was such go so uh yeah good planning
I was thanks back I was that public for
like three hours
yeah watch it goes up and down back down
it goes up is it completely dead no it's
not done it's gonna do it again do you
remember how many months ago was that
when Ali and I which was trying to do
that with the raisin and it was just a
fail but it just took a blueberry Marly
you do it
Miley is pissed that she's on her bed
she's like get that bitch off my bed it
was gonna win this match
I think Marley is helping though this
was a helper you Ruffin hey no biting
the ankle what are you doing you're
cheating dude there's gonna win this
match they've been doing this for about
two minutes now like all the toys
everywhere go help her go help her
Oh Dre wins straight wins then again we
had she is like a little carpet muncher
over here what is it it's a cockroach
kids oh that thing's fast as hell
smile for the internet you disgusting
creature it's like f that you go after
I'm sorry okay let's go to bed
just in case you didn't know ally
uploaded her powdered donut challenge go
check that out on her Channel and leave
her some comments on what challenges you
would like to see next we'll make her do
it he's Charles Charles champion with
more Lisa we and his fiancee Ally
