if you love it oh how many hours did you
spend on that you've been destroying
yours two hours of work into a ball nice
are you trying to become famous
engineers actually there's a kind of a
Cookie Monster yeah these rest no needs
food nice I guess here at the word Park
didn't you are you you're sitting on it
Zoey do you want to go to the park show
me your big ears
look at those big ears even visited the
woods in a while happily I'm just afraid
that you know now the summer that just
gonna be more snakes and ticks and
all-around disgusting things namely
spiders I know though you'd almost peed
on my foot geez oh hey did you guys see
the slo-mo I did of the Lightning a
couple days ago I didn't realize it
until I was looking on Facebook like you
said yesterday I didn't realize how
close that lightning was it was like
right in front of me and did you notice
how it like screwed up the camera to be
made like it's just like weird black
line like right down the camera like it
made it like what the hell hate the
woman silly those are taken big poopy la
la la la la okay time to go back to the
car come on guys
that was great I was probably like right
over there that was way to cook so we
should not be in the middle of a bunch
of trees that's lesson one
yeah we're never gonna be able to film
that's the reason why I shaved they so
close that's why I got rid of the beard
cuz I have to put on a bunch of makeup
for a video on Ally's channel for this
like contest she wants to do and the
last three to three days it's been like
it's been raining really hard so we
can't really shoot so I'm gonna have to
shave again I hate shaving I feel like I
feel I feel feel inadequate without my
my scruffy beard oh those are fireworks
sounds like that's a weird weird
lightning bolt strike get off so you can
get it off for yourself are you gonna
Thunder more soccer
dude that guy looks like he looks like
somebody okay so I just went to the peel
box and I want to show you this is a
comic book that a guy named Colin did I
guess I guess you know like those
programs whether he's in middle school
high school where you read the
preschoolers I can make a comic book and
our story and you read it to other kids
so they did it on us so I'm gonna show
it to you guys okay all right let me how
am I gonna do this I got it
can I have some food sure MA what do you
want can i haz Cheezburger Nomar that's
unhealthy can I have some fried chicken
no it's all mine plus it's unhealthy but
I guess I can just wait I guess I is
just gonna have to eat rocks and grass
oh she's sad because she has he rocks
and grass no more that's not good for
you either can I have candy daddy no
that could kill you are happy markets
sad
oh no no candy Riley you can feed me
treats and lets me with bigger okay all
right let's get some food hey Marv why
was it hey Marv why's do dogs talk weird
we don't I is just special kids just
gonna mess up the grammar here munch
munch munch
thanks daddy you're welcome our thanks
going I could just imagine like the
little kids going home now and what do
you want for dinner little Johnny I Can
Has Cheezburger
what by the way I'm listening to the new
303 Cinco this one is I don't think I
like the direction that 303 is currently
heading I don't know they're less
they're like more populous rap I don't
know have you guys heard any more of
their songs not feeling it
oh by the way before I forget I almost
forgot I'm supposed to talk to you guys
about this couple days ago a
skateboarding company actually
approached us and asked if they could
make a skateboard a long border in a
skateboard and possibly a longboard but
mainly a skateboard and of course that
yes because you know I skate of course
what I mean skate I mean I fall off the
board and never land a trick but it's
still fun I want to show you guys this
is a science I want to see if you guys
like it okay so here's here's the the
skateboard I guess we'll put it right
here we'll put the skateboard here so
it's pretty cool I think it's pretty
cool in here wood this is kind of what
the longboard would be like right here
so um but the reason why I'm asking you
guys because right now they said that
it's just for us they're just making
personal ones for just Ally a longboard
for Ally a skateboard for me I was like
well is it possible because I posted
this on Facebook I was like it's
impossible that we could have these for
sale because I was getting a lot of
emails saying that they would really
like one I wanted to let you guys know
or more so I wanted to get you guys his
opinions on it if we made available a
skateboard design or a longboard design
will you guys be interested I don't want
it to seem like worry like just sell
them things to make money I actually
really think it's cool because not only
do I like skateboarding I like sharing
that with you guys and you know get
represent with an internet killed
television deck so almost sounded like
dick didn't it I met deck today
I didn't say dick that'd be where
internet killed television dick
I meant dick but yeah I just wanted to
get you guys his thoughts not only on
the designed if you like the design or -
if you'd be interested in something like
that uh yeah so let me know in the
comments all right oh I smell exploding
ink this is I used to always fight with
this thing like what is like okay for
example like if you put it you know it
lit up the new leaks oh you know what I
need to do some ink cartridge changing
so you're like okay wait what did I just
do oh do this then it gives it to you
and I used to always think this is when
I would grab it so I'd be like okay I'll
grab it now and then it would snag it
and pull back oh it's not gonna do it
now oh it's not gonna do it now now I
feel like an idiot
remember those printers that had the
little like little things at the end of
you had to pull off you know like had
the little dots that fed it through and
it sounded like a or a or a and back and
forth step touch my face looked awesome
on that
have you noticed though have you noticed
this that the only time you still see
those printers is that the airport like
the airport with all its technology
still uses the printers from like 20
years ago that go you know what make a
video response making the best
impression that's what I want to see so
I am taking a break you guys want to go
for a run
very good let's go who blinks first
you were the internet geez you never
blink
do you oh yeah there you go so I'm not
sure if you guys can see this snake but
it's right through there I don't even
know I don't want to get close to it I
don't know what it is but it looks scary
and I almost stepped on them so which
all give a big fu snake and carry on
after you snake yeah we're just gonna go
on the other side of the street now
because I don't want to get bitten
actually a friend of ours was just
bitten by a water moccasin and had to go
to the hospital for like several days
so it's pretty pretty intense pretty
intense indeed this is the part that's
like walking the got--let she's oh those
little things that resembled turds well
they are turds they're Swan turds and
Marley thinks that's like a delicacy
she's over he's trying to keep her head
up because look at her she wants to eat
all the swan poop it's so disgusting
Marley mmm new record guys I beat my
previous 1020 by one second 10:19 for a
mile improvement we're improving how are
you guys at your Mile Run what do you
add please don't say anything less than
10 19 all right I think oh did you see
it see if you can see the Firefly oh my
not show up on the camera I haven't over
said the good one
yes yeah it's funny there's a brief
brief little specs put arrows next time
I see one don't look at her you guys
don't look at Marley where's Marley
she's oh I guess I have to look at you
oh there's Zoey hi Zoey hi you see the
fireflies of course you did okay so I
really honestly have no words to
describe this right here yes so I just
got a reply from one of our followers
and guess who has been nominated for a
Teen Choice Award yeah I've actually
been nominated for a Teen Choice Award I
can't believe it I'm actually like wow
that's really cool and this is the
funniest part I posted on Facebook to
let you guys know and this is the
website right here yeah that's the
website you guys kind of slowed the
website down and kind of it's not
working too hardcore
yes so the length of the vote is right
here otherwise you can go to Teen Choice
Awards calm but if you want to direct
one it goes right here
I've seen the other the vote other
category links in the stuff bar if
you're going to type it out anyway I
don't know what it ends but you can vote
every single day and I will love you
forever if we win this one this would be
amazing and I promise you I will slime
myself because they don't slime people
but I will do it for you thank you thank
you guys for giving me nominee and that
just blows my mind right there that's
just unbelievable and I'm so proud to
have you guys as our viewers as our our
friend core family core whatever want to
call it core family core
friend core is pretty cool too so what
are we gonna do if we win the Teen
Choice Award move to Canada I told them
that I'd let you slimy even though that
it's only the Nickelodeon thing that
this is liming
we got it we got to do something crazy
like if we end up winning
we'll go BASE jumping I don't know about
that maybe go spelunking I don't know
we'll get another dog about that would
you guys like another puppy what are you
doing what is the music too loud yeah so
we've been packing the rest of the
shirts and Zoey you want to tell me what
actually if so he was able to tell you
that be really weird
so what Zoey was doing she get an ice
cube she would take it to the brand new
t-shirts and continually nomnom on the
ice cube on the brand new t-shirts so
we've had to push her over there so if
your t-shirts a little wet I'm sorry
just watch it I'm just kidding she
didn't really get in any no she did but
not too many just a couple maybe one
actually can actually clone Zoey now you
have her DNA part you swallow that ice
cube as you were looking at the camera
didn't you a lot of you guys have been
at replying shame myself about our last
video about being the same length and
the same title of the same thumb now I
had the same with the same winking what
you say that totally wasn't planned
it was totally happenstance now I'm just
kidding the shade I thought it'd be
funny cuz you guys are always saying how
like our videos are so closed sometimes
with the time Jay and I were talking and
were like hey we should do the exact
same thing and that's what we're doing
we thought it'd be really funny I hope
you guys enjoyed it you guys are so
funny you're like oh my god YouTube was
hacked
it was totally hacked again we hacked it
we hacked the internet rah Jeff go below
another Ice Cube just like the best
treat ever the best treat you gotta get
it all like this so doesn't get stuck in
your mouth okay there you go
see you letters though hey guys just
wanted to make sure you knew we had a
new challenge video out so be sure to go
to my channel and check out our powdered
donut challenge so go see what's going
on in that channel and if you guys want
to take the challenge go ahead and do it
but you know just be safe and upload
your video responses and we'll see who
can complete powdered donut challenge
he's Charles Charles champion with Miley
Zoe and his fiancee Allie
