so we're down by one those one of those
damn horns actually how do you say the
horn thing the BOSU 'la what are they
called the Missoula BOSU Zola the things
those things are like the most annoying
instruments ever
I don't think those horns are ever gonna
stop
What's Wrong you hiding Dre great right
we'll take some toy City take an injury
get ready for the fake injury yes oh no
bird
both as how
there's an app for that
baby way to be annoying
attachments okay
sure
ok
yeah so hook it up to skate now I'm not
gonna do that I'm already annoyed by the
way everyone asking if I'm getting the
reception thing it is what I'll hold it
and then watch the bar soda straw isn't
that weird they come back
so totally fail I don't know if you guys
is this litter being I saw visions but
if you have the new iphone 4 are you
guys having that problem needs as well
like do those bumpers do they help like
that's what I actually hurts I don't
know let me know
I love how everyone has like four
shadows each for three shadows e are you
guys hiding from all the screaming
drinkies rating stressful yeah this is a
welcome baby stalker it's just soccer
it's just soccer okay sergeant James
punch of James punches
shortly
punch punch you in the face I don't know
why she's dead let's get that believed
to hold it what's wrong with them
hey Zoe look they just they just won the
football game away from weeks good boy
alright so we're getting ready to film
another challenge and this time this
time this little segue this time we're
gonna do the windies dollar menu
challenge so yeah we're gonna do that oh
yeah it'll be yeah
I just got into it like that and then
just work for him for a while whatever
he he was really quote me I'll just one
time I love you yeah I could just see
like somebody's me just snapping boo
magic hold down the fort munchkin don't
the store anything
hey hey hey
the gun yeah but they lost
so yeah we're going to win these right
now and we're gonna do the challenge so
um how are you gonna prepare for this
for the wendys challenge yes no no I'm
gonna be a little scared yeah there we
go you guys hungry there's one two three
four five six seven eight things there's
only eight things now they act the other
guy the other guy had at one in 12 wait
we're to the right so we went to win
he's apparently on the last to know
actually I've never been to wendys in
the past like five years I think it's
been there's no dollar menu anymore so
the windies dollar menu might turn into
the mcdonalds tell her menu me in May
Lisa I'm being all professional like a
production assistant and to try calling
around and seeing hey how's it going i
was curious do you guys have the dollar
menu still obvious wait until they put
like a Swiss Army oh okay so are they
the same items they're just no longer a
dollar okay and what's the most
expensive item on there
boston market
that's the most expensive dollar 49 okay
thank you very much um here are the
options okay so I just went in and look
the same exact items as the now-defunct
a Wendy's Dollar Challenge menu think
basically they got rid of the dollar
menu now they call it the value menu
which means things are like 49 cents
more so we're gonna do it here still and
we're just gonna call it the you know
the dollar menu challenge or the extinct
dollar menu menu challenge um so yeah
it's only a couple dollars different
some whatever on top of it so you can't
make a decision whether got to do it we
need for their dollar challenge or
mcdonalds so now Ali are and I are gonna
be Ali epic man who are you going for
she's McDonald's McDonald's Wendy's wins
if you ever play rock paper scissors
with her she always throws scissors
first so far work I've never heard that
much o.o 62-56 so far the most I've ever
spent at a fast food place chili taken
to the bank
hole and just eat it I'm just gonna dump
it all and start you gether 7130 that's
everything off the super value meal all
right so some of the food is starting to
come out now hamburger that baked potato
all right some of the food coming out
you ready they're probably I don't know
so we're missing some food we're having
a cow cuz we don't we boarded so much we
don't know we're missing Stella feelings
that's a lot of thing alright so we're
getting ready to do it I'm gonna switch
to the camera and you'll see this on at
least channel good luck guys I decided
to sneak a little peek in here for
today's vlog yeah there oh wait she's
putting something away please oh ok
that's all you guys get sorry I had I
had to tease you so well we just
finished that challenge again not gonna
tell you who won not going to tell you
lost weight we can't tell can't go Todd
yeah so yeah you get to see this on
Ali's channel later um filmed a lot this
gonna be a longer one because this was a
this was an epic challenge look at all
the food look at all this food look at
all that food
you're right there oh I'm laughing that
I was laughing out much my stomach was
busy when I was laughing and then I
started hurting and I started crying
so we're doing the cleanup right now so
who wants dennys anyone okay so if you
don't ever clean your car you can just
continually right on things whatever you
want to do exactly it's awesome so
watching that has made me feel look at
him you guys are helping me put my sock
on so what was I saying all right so
watching that is really really made me
feel disgusting and I didn't even eat
anything right so I'm gonna go run like
10 miles just to get the virtual food
the idea of all that okay hold on all
right just a second all right I just
learned a valuable lesson about running
at night spiderwebs gotta love that I
was like running and then I freaked out
and ran in the road almost got hit by
car but I came to see what it's in front
of me because this lights bright should
focus so okay kidnapped if this video
was that uploaded tomorrow meaning if
you haven't seen this and you're you're
just walking around and you find this
phone for this bright light I have been
kidnapped if you're seeing it I'm okay
what are you sculpting you don't know
what about you change
oh sweet you got out you got a plan uh
not really it's just gonna add shock
haha just kind of working with it so i'm
currently looking at our facebook group
right now and you guys were really like
interested in the lightning strikes and
you were actually getting stills and
posting on it and i want to show you
something look at this right here that
lightning bolt was right in front of me
before it struck I'd even I didn't even
know that here I'm gonna put the video
in right now and then I'll slo-mo it so
check that out
see this is why you should be a part of
our facebook group and find out
shameless plug sorry okay I mean she's
mad cuz you guys were glad that she got
pwned in yesterday's video yeah that
means ya silly goodnight Internet I
won't eat your soul
he's Charles Charles trapping with
Marley Zoe and his fiance Ali you can
watch it on this channel we need a
decision from the internet television
