yeah I think it I think it's the new new
new style the new trend yeah I like it
so we're gonna film this video is for a
contest alia actually wants to do this
little tiny little contest and yeah so
we were to film today but look it's
starting to rain and I forgot the prop
so I gotta go back to the costume shop
I always my face is like weird I hate
when I shave like this because it just
feels where I miss my beard I missed my
beard I miss my scruffiness
geez that lightning bolt was crazy I
turned it on just after it went off it
just went right down it looked like it
hit something over there oh I keep
missing it I'm just gonna leave it like
this oh that was a little one whoa look
at that rain you can see where it's
pouring back to the costume shop we go
it's a little bit scary here pumping gas
and a lightning storm I do
whoa
whoa
Emily cut it unfilled
look like we're be filming today did you
guys know this here's a fun fact the
Florida and lightning capital of the
world
yeah we don't just have sharks and
alligators and now here comes the rain
what a shitty day for the Komori road is
already flooded
it's like a pool how cute a little
swimming pool for your car that's a good
thing about Florida you don't have to
ever get a car wash
drive around that's gonna rain every day
okay so I was driving home and I did a
u-turn because I gotta show you guys
this I have to show you this there's a
car it must have had like a flash flood
is that over there that entire football
field is under PI a couple feet of water
right now so I got to show you this and
there's a car stuck in water so let me
do you there's the football field
Wow I cannot believe it rained that much
so quick
I think football practice is cancelled
oh man you think that person's like fuck
my life right now that sucks
that is deep I don't know what they were
thinking what do you guys think they
were thinking right there I can make it
no Johnny turnout no no Margaret I can
make this okay I don't know why she does
that good so Zoey in the closet what are
you doing no yeah huh it's good to see
that you guys aren't possessed anymore
maybe zoey is still possessed just a bit
did you hear something
some crazy critters no stuffing I
absolutely love these type of toys you
know why because I don't have to clean
up your stuffing all the time yeah cuz
you like to make a mess you want this
which one you want you want the Fox or
the raccoon oh well I guess mother
wanted that can you want this box there
you go welcome it doesn't have a name
so whoever sent Zoey Marley the crazy
critters thank you very much they're
enjoying it Marley already ran off with
it
I think she's killing it somewhere oh
wait she's over here killing it so it
looks like we got some tickets to
Aquatica from this lovely girl here in
Orlando who I haven't I don't think I've
ever even heard of that place
no it's like apparently SeaWorld water
park oh sweet we're going we're going
geez guys you got some more toys here
you can have this one well you just take
everything but guess what you get the
squirrel cuz she jumped the gun it's a
Pinker squirrel okay and you have to
check this out this is for Margaret her
Twitter is MK in the force I've never
seen this in my entire life penises
pasta
yeah just imagine this more like some
meatballs and everything's big balls so
I guess the most an appropriate version
would probably alfredo sauce with
meatballs
I'm totally make this for dinner and
you'd have to add at some point like oh
my this is awesome what is this oh my
god is that who I think is that Jeff
Goldblum is that a Jeff Goldblum doll
Justin from Georgia Senate Zoey look
Jeff Goldblum
it's Jeff Goldblum you're finally in a
video with Jeff Goldblum oh no she just
saw your thing that's right Egypt go
boom no see you don't want to eat him
cuz he's too awesome I mean that's Jeff
Goldblum right it looks just like a
maybe the Jurassic Park version it
almost looks like Jermaine though from
Flight of the Conchords to look at the
Zoey beanie baby you're not gonna eat
Zoey you're not eating Zoey ow you bitch
you're in a beanie baby form look at
that you're just gonna Oh you can't eat
Joey
sweet more duct tape wallets you guys
are so talented so we had a little bit
of a post office yeah looks like the bus
up is broke the frame but check this out
it's like a mosaic of Lou and Marley
check it out that's like I think that's
magazine clippings that is so good so
sad that the post office broke the frame
no Jacqueline Elle she's talented mofo
yeah really
that's okay we can get another frame
this is the most important part didn't
it broke they didn't get broke it in so
we just called Krispy Kreme had a
special order of 12 right no 2424
powdered doughnuts that you cannot eat
sorry
so we're gonna go over there I got the
camera on my back and we're gonna go
film this for Ali's channel she this is
part four she's four of them
she's in for Internet challenges and
she's lost everyone are you gonna be you
can actually win on this one if you guys
have any more Internet challenges
please keep telling us in the the
comments because I think I want to make
a couple more because they're just so
fun not only are they fun to be there
for and film but they're really fun to
watch again so let us know if you know
any more we've already tackled the bread
challenge Saltine challenge and cinnamon
challenge and now the powdered donut
challenge if you know of any other ones
I'm thinking the banana the banana and
Sprite one sounds pretty cool so I don't
know I think we'll post this on Monday
so I've got some time to you know you
know you know gotta get in the big truck
again
Oh
so we're here at our our disclosed
filming location yeah we don't know the
name of this place or anything
Challenge it's not real so we got team
viral vomit over here and then let's
take a look at these donuts from this so
you could eat five of those in five
minutes without drinking or licking your
you can free drink how are licking your
lips by any tactic I'll see how that's
cheating now I think it's whatever
tactic you think it's my work Goldin oh
no licking personally
yeah you might be maybe we'll see well
Steve this is pre-gaming that's a pretty
it y'all are gonna pregame pre-gaming I
need to switch to this camera guys here
this ready so if you want to see this
video will be up on Monday on Ali's
YouTube channel and Scooby team viral
vomit birth the sole member of CP epic
because I have to film so you have any
tactic he's like what any plans Oh
anyway you're gonna do this this is
kinda like behind the scenes I should
yeah so see you won you just get the
wait till Monday or lost or 1 loss or
just epic failed I guess I think that's
what the series is turning into is a
bunch of epic fails which is I think
it's better
coming up harder one
alright now we gotta clean up look at we
got free hat don't my favorite my
favorite part was a smart card hold on
oh no you know the smart cars right okay
they're cool they save gas but like
today the road was flooded and this
smart car was like having to turn around
and go the other way and I was like nope
you know I've got no issues I think we
should I think we saw that smart car in
the water I think I think I recorded
that yeah I don't think you guys would
get trapped so much
down
and we now officially entered Jurassic
Park
Oh what the hell Carrie there's like
jumps of like children's toys back there
yeah
I don't know where he went
looks like so pretty
oh shit oh yeah
you get a nice little fail there yeah
great you having fun
Zoey Marley would not like this this
this adventure at all I don't think
Internet is this poisonous that
Lindsay's rubbing our arm on tell us
24 hours later report to you later the
checker channel if she's up covered in
hives muddin it's fun I don't think it
was a meeting that was doughnuts oh you
know what I should do I should be eating
a doughnut yes
oh shit look at those doughnuts what
they're doing is Charles is trying to
eat a doughnut while they're doing
doughnuts
got mud all over your faces
oh man
sorry Johnny guy you can tuck a little
dirty give that powder on my truck I'm
sorry as I know it's not the mud that
you're looking for
Jason took a boy like oh this way here
I'll watch oh look
yeah cuz he's chased toy cars
No pull your lockers
so you guys wanna come to Tallahassee
now I'm gonna like edit this video and I
would like to see brief moments of fear
in my face
look aliens are trying to signal us with
crop circles you're such a good boy not
chasing the big boy yeah
we promised Mike a donut so we're
delivering it now we're good to our word
I got a little bit of mud on it the back
one it's so good I had one future so has
a big laser you can get that one he
stole the bone back okay Zoey so we are
currently watching and there's still
dirt on here we're currently watching
back to the future - yeah we were that
remember we went there guys and we drove
right here actually we drove right there
and the clock but Ali and I were having
a huge argument on which is the witch
back to the future was the best one I
still say the second one I like the
second one way more no I think it's cool
you know like it combines it's the first
one and then makes it a whole new movie
but the third one is like my worst I
don't know what is your favorite back to
the future Ali says the first one but
there's a buncha asshole you know what
it is guys remember I guess it is vlog
where Zoey stole Marley's ice cube
I think Marley's trying to get a revenge
and Zoey's just getting a revenge on
pillow
apparently Marley that is your face and
Zoey's his punch against these Charles
Charles champion with my loser reality
