good morning guys is 10:10 and look who
came here I'm so tired I'm not even that
excited to open this I'm going back to
bed yes so like I was saying when I was
halfway a zombie the new iPhone just got
here and I'm going to now do the
nerdiness and do like an unboxing it
just means I'm just gonna open it just
gonna open it I know I don't know why
the whole unboxing why you want to see
it Ali's being lazy I like how it's such
a big deal just I gotten box things they
do that all the time for like
electronics and there's like videos they
do thousands of views just for opening a
box of something but I just wanted to
open it because some of you guys asked
me to so yeah once Ali gets up no you
get over here you want to tell them what
time it is lazy no yeah even sleep well
did you did you get a little couldn't
sleep okay I'll let you record I don't
know if I like that graphic guys it's
not as sleek as usual is it it's not
free Apple anything an Apple don't use
your teeth there's a parent so there's
right behind you there we go oh wow this
thing feels so much cooler than the
other one what are you gonna name her um
Gertrude I don't know what's on the
internet what should I name my phone
sorry if your name is Gertrude cuz I
said that sidious Wow this actually
feels like yeah I let the internet name
it you guys can name it feel it Wow it
was pretty solid yeah that's like oh
this was knocking against the thing and
see if it works no she's kidding no that
feels you want reminds me of it reminds
me of the first um first I thought how
solid that one was like it increased its
gonna give me the whole they're gonna do
the cool music for the setup there's the
camera oh wow
there's the camera there and then
there's a camera there and a flash
they're like two iPhones
as far as the weight I think cuz of the
glass yes they have to go plug it in
okay now what's it gonna do it's gonna
activate this is the boring process I'll
be right back well that's restoring yeah
I just wanted to look at the packaging
with you guys would you find it's on
every cell phone no yeah I don't know
what do you guys think am I just being
weird because that box kind of looks
ugly compared to the other yeah I don't
know it just looks looks too cluttered I
don't know whatever it's just a box but
yeah it looks like it comes with regular
core same headphone
got stickers are doing stickers again it
looks like and a little tiny plug so
yeah that's that's it now now I wanted
to try to see about this FaceTime thing
wonder who has one I can call on try it
yeah FaceTime alright let's see what
this camera thing sorry get the camera
wait what is it doing updating okay wait
this is something else that needs to do
plan on updating almost everything let
me get this phone the rear camera oh
there's a toilet okay and I guess does
that do
oh hi guys that's that's how you switch
to the front in the back camera that's
cool all right I'm gonna go mess with
this now and yeah I think we're gonna do
a lot of vlogging on this camera and
I'll put on the bottom of the video when
I'm recording on the I for iPhone 4 so
I'm what this is you trying to rip that
I would imagine that was weird
better quality I thought I'm very
particular about my electronics it's
funny I'm like not very particular about
anything else except electronics have
you noticed that out I'm like really
yeah okay yeah no no not at all not at
all
this is really good quality I think I'm
gonna start vlogging entirely on the
iPhone so we're gonna go test it out a
little bit more and yeah it tastes gonna
be the testing day whew hello sworn you
guys want to go eat the swans it's super
hot out I hope it's not too jiggly feel
like it's kind of jiggly like the old
foot minnows
you guys are weird all the geese ran in
or like fuck this what really I mean
she's got such a long tongue she
probably doesn't even need to barely put
her nose in there nice shirt honey nice
what is it what is that what are you
doing all right Zoey you done can we go
inside now instead of a squirrel poop
Zoey's rolling in goose poop I thought
it was ducks geese co2 is that what she
just did
that's a nice recreation huh
holy crap this is awesomeness
remember YouTube that old Viacom lawsuit
YouTube beats Viacom and massive
copyright infringement case YouTube one
YouTube beat by come do you want to give
icon the finger there we go there we go
the fu bike um that's really really cool
do decide if you guys didn't know
anything about this basically if icon
was suing YouTube for billions of
dollars this is really cool this is
really cool just google it just go
YouTube beats Viacom and you'll you'll
be able to read about it that's really
cool back in the stinky candle place
wait what
it's amazing that people can make it
like the millions of dollars off of
fragrance artificially-created I'm gonna
make my own scent it's gonna called the
stink you can see the Apple logo as a
brighter reflection why is it reflecting
brighter
I understand it's reflecting but why
brighter like what like it's reflecting
off the black and that's also reflecting
makes it brighter I didn't know what
make it brighter I mean like if you take
a piece of glass alright Bill Nye look
at me if I reflect off of something else
it's not gonna reflect that can we just
forget that entire conversation just
happened like could we just forget it
nice nice yeah we're just gonna omit
that from the record it's funny if you
were a monkey you could just make faces
all the time
I guess people if it just go like and
this is what Ali thinks about all the
time yeah what's recording this is all
Oh vertical I screwed up there we go but
okay so what just happened it scared me
a woman saw Carl's and he's like she's
like do i phone can I see it and she
like let her look at in the she took it
and he was like she's like I was taking
a photo of Ali with the flash thing and
she saw you were like gripping for dear
life like you did not let it go sounds
really nice super nice but it was funny
he was like watching you like let your
child go to school for the first time
you like didn't let go
apparently chalk is a little too
dangerous now they give you safety
goggles chalk 3d I don't know 3d chalk I
think I've officially seen everything
I'm so sick of the 3d I mean in movies -
I'm just like so over the 3ds like every
movies like in 3d yeah bad to the bone
you look like like like one of those old
drivers in the 20s oh it's like a Boheme
hat you don't even know who bogie miss
deer that was back in the day yeah the
main boss was the hand who was just like
I never asked you and he slaps you if
that's what it's like it's just this big
white floating hand it like slams you
and like your sister Nintendo nerd it's
right I call it the surprised Frog
borrows the new Futurama oh shit
Wow that's some crotch love right there
so he's driving by right now like rape
right now yeah you guys hi okay does it
look like Marley's laughing when she's
panting like that I just opened this
thing a sour cream and look at there's
mold the thing wasn't even like this the
seal wasn't in broken it's so girls I
hate when that happens
May 26 this is when the thing expired
that's a total public fail so I gotta go
bring it back cuz I want some dip
alright guys so we're here with ah I'm
never gonna get used to this light we
got Camacho and then we got John over
here and John just are they're actually
going to Panama but they have their own
YouTube channel it's viral vomit and
they're gonna document their travel to
Panama so they've they've equipped
themselves with big-ass Jeeps
and I just wanted to see if I can record
at night but uh yeah this is John's he's
picked up today they're gonna basically
live out of them I got to make sure not
to get your license plate that'd be good
this lights pretty impressive actually
is it gonna like blow my face off
I don't think jeeps are supposed to
sound like that
all right I know I don't think jeeps is
supposed to sound like that at all
it's how they go yeah so um I know
absolutely nothing about cars
Wow I actually got to hand it to Apple
remember those apps that people made
were like flashlight apps well now so
what looks like the low light test on
this phone is pretty kick-ass I've got
to admit I am pretty damn impressed
I mean you have to remember this is
actually a cell phone and not a like a
standalone camera so that's why it's
actually and now that I have a really
good camera I'm gonna start doing more
videos on our cell phone channel if you
guys didn't know we served one last year
wait basically so I can like upload
stuff to Twitter and there's like I call
them quickies just little quick little
videos
it's youtube.com slash trippy and if
you're not subscribed to be awesome if
you go subscribe we try to do at least
three videos on that it's just basically
quick little cell phone videos yeah if
you didn't know about it now now it's
gonna have better quality that's for
sure so how was a bit of a fail look
like every single one of the sour cream
at this Publix was expired by over a
month so that's I guess a lesson I guess
that would be oh wait I can turn the
light on hold on yeah I guess that would
be considered a lesson there always
check the expiration dates I learned a
lesson yeah boy just I'm just gonna
ignore it
are you wearing your FDR blanket Oh what
are you doing over there
FDR blanket they just got bath so that's
why they're freaking out you don't know
what you're doing do you and you're just
like cuddling with your pillow so if
you're following me on Twitter
I posted a an interesting link basically
you remember the double down how we
thought that was like the most grotesque
thing we're kind of like doing like oh
my god only in America I don't know if a
lot of people know about this company is
it's called Friendly's it's kind of like
a fast-food place I think there's one in
Sarasota I'm 100% sure anyway I digress
anyway okay they created this thing
called a grilled cheese
so this two grilled cheese sandwiches
grilled cheese sandwich cheeseburger
grilled cheese sandwich and check us out
thirteen hundred sixty calories 91 grams
of fat and twenty four ninety two
thousand four hundred and ninety
milligrams of sodium
really really that doesn't even seem
tasty looking that doesn't even seem
appetizing it just feels like I'm I feel
like I feel like I'm gonna have a heart
attack just looking at that photo oh
here's a breakdown this is a better
breakdown four grams of sugar it's not
that bad this is blue that that's almost
your entire calorie intake in a day Wow
seriously this is not a war I want to
win
fast food companies are getting out of
control these fast food companies think
it's like trendy now to become like the
most grotesque create the most grotesque
sandwich it's just I want to move to
Canada anyone down the moves of an
Coover we can start a brewery and grow
beards I'm down he's Charles Charles
Champion with Morley Zoe and his fiancee
Allie
