ooh what is this FedEx guy just came
here oh listen he's brown paper bag
that's pretty cool oh oh it's my camera
it's fixed oh sweet wait oh no memory
card that's good sweet it's working
let's there we go hey so I'm recording
on both cameras sweet oh I'm entertained
by the simplest things hmm oh and yeah I
should switch cameras now oh and Enzo
they thought there's the Tony right
there 20 times more good job you want to
carry it okay munch gently okay gentle
I love watching her you carrots be so
rude why I keep your mouth closed mr.
pig what's on what is it does it do
anything else I have no idea what a song
is dude what it's got a recorder I know
so it is a rainy day and what better way
to celebrate a rainy day in Florida
other than go outside because it's the
only time it's not hot it's only 79
degrees renouncer it's nice so we're
gonna be hanging out here and like
nobody's at the dog park so what are we
now like a week and a half two weeks
until VidCon come on guys what is it
I'll win is VidCon yeah I think it's
like the eighth or something like that
are you guys going to VidCon we're
actually packing for that and we also
might have a surprise trip right after
VidCon we might be leaving the country
we're not sure yet we're still trying to
get the plans for that so be be excited
for that what second week so yeah okay
you're not supposed to be in the cage
yeah we're gonna try to leave the
country right after VidCon um hopefully
hopefully fingers crossed and of course
you guys are going to come with us
you'll be our world traveler companions
Oh Marley i will give you five dollars
EP on that damn it I've never seen a dog
actually piano fire hydrant wait how did
that get there it's like we saw trees
that's like that's in the middle of
nowhere maybe a big giant dog I was
followed the trail you see the leaves
see here keep foul on it she's following
in it
oh my but did Brazil win they may be the
Ivory Coast I think we're good yeah was
that the game where the guy the guy ran
into his elbow bangkok on okok i was
standing like this and then a guy
literally ran into him while he was
facing the other way and like slow-mo
the guy goes boom and then he goes and
falls like he hit his face because I was
like what's up fuck did I do that's that
was another bet it was just after we
just talked about the whole fouls in
basketball and a soccer whatever the
same thing it's same bullshit it's like
what I was watching the world cup the
brazil game I saw that and I was like
that that's why I don't watch this stuff
you just ruined the Brazil story fuzzy
duck but doing yoga yeah actually that
what is it triangle it's like really
hard that one hurts I can't do yoga I
can barely touch my I can't even touch
my feet who's that they're barking at
the stick no it's a stick where
get silly give Zoe kid oh I said give us
closer give this girl up stick didn't
make it too far as if she's gonna pick
that up get it something get it Zoe I
wonder if somebody was actually playing
with it like that that's why now I don't
know where that thing came from I mean
obviously a tree but wyd me curiously
there we go oh it's totally written with
termite that's why I'm afraid of buying
a house these little fuckers who puckers
these two little fuckers what's a little
green thing in I could do it surprised
because there's a lot of termites in
there too this has a bad idea of written
all over it okay I'm done you can't even
pick it up can you that was your plan I
almost lost it I was two of them the
mail was that one missing what's he
eating I almost watches walked into two
banana sweaters and he's eating a mop oh
I can't what is that some sort of bug
he's getting a two by four guys flying
thing all right let's leave it looks
like he just caught it because he's
gotta wrap it up
Oh fucking splays seal on what are you
tripping everywhere yeah a mr. Gator
nothing came over because it saw us
that's really bad hey people been
feeding him yeah hey turtle this guy was
like oh hello goes yeah I just want to
talk to you about feeding me take you
here for I've been reading a lot of
Twitter posts about the whole why I
don't know my password damn it I don't
know the password a oh there it is okay
yeah so I was reading all the Twitter's
and the review posts about the whole Toy
Story 3 and I was so reluctant and then
I've been reading all the reviews even
rotten tomatoes like for example okay
look at this rotten tomatoes gave it
what is it they gave it that a
ninety-eight percent on rotten tomatoes
if you know that website that is the
most critical web site for movies so
we're gonna go see toy story three with
Tom Hanks I don't know why did this but
check this movie out too I gonna do the
macro so you can see it I don't want to
go see this the big for Metallica Slayer
Megadeath and anthrax what do I go see
do I go see toy story or do I go see the
big for four hours long now if you want
to go see your Slayer in the movie
theater oh she says sure well it's funny
is that because i was talking to zoe you
girls are so stinkin cute they're like
yin and yang chicken but my iphone4 is
coming a day early
oh that means i won't no longer have a
fiance it'll just be us three girls as
three bitches bitches of cool blue jeff
goldblum kobe you have a new favorite
spot in the house she didn't start
singer come out until she was in front
of fan she's like Marley has to think of
the years she didn't like it too much
and angry at you you big ears yeah big
ears I come here mr. turtle where are
you going where you going come in come
in come in come on let's go to the pond
you're lucky I saved you I first I
thought you were like an alligator
snapping turtle that would've been
pretty bad all right look at this pond
you're making us late to the movie
that's okay though just don't get eaten
by an alligator then I'd be pissed off
at you there you go you later so it's
movie night and I just saved a turtle we
named him Joe Dirt cuz he was so dirty
so um we're gonna go see the thing is I
want to go see the movie Toy Story 3 but
everyone stay in the seat toys over to
first so we're opting to go see the
a-team even though I've never seen the
original a team I have no idea if you're
even gonna say pity the fool oh that's a
lot of sunflower seeds right there and
then what's the other movie that's out
like grown-ups okay is it just me or did
you guys notice this in the movie grown
ups all it's all old SNL characters
right it's all s an hour SNL actors
except Kevin James does it seem like
Kevin James just trying to occupy the
place of chris farley because he's dead
I don't know yeah and I was like you
know this would have been like thinking
the whole time
okay the a-team is pretty awesome what
do you think yeah I really thought it
was gonna be like a super cheesy I mean
don't get me wrong it was super cheesy
yeah but we basically missed toy story
and the so we went to the a team instead
I really liked it I don't know i would
recommend going to see that movie for
like the action they actually had comedy
though but actually the best part the
best part was what's his name the guy
who got was what is it bukan aliens oh
yeah yes Murdock the crazy guy yeah the
guy from a district district nine it's
funny cuz they're a part in it where
they let him do the South African accent
oh yeah they walk into the newsroom like
you put the South African Mike behind
the other one you always put it in
facebook I was like half scholar they
know like this guy yes Joey he's
actually from Johannesburg I didn't know
he's actually from it and he actually
did it from and district nine was the
Johannesburg I think it was huh you try
to figure out what that says that's his
shoes oh no shoes you can make yeah but
I don't know what that stands for that's
wrong that's that's something I don't
know what it means though and this is it
means no parking boo coo wait I know
what it means no she's allowed what is
this character that's not at the UV /
backwards out it hey are you making
long-distance calls on your iPod over
there yeah hey Marley guess what comes
tomorrow a day early that is do I phone
isn't that cool
in the meantime I'm gonna play with this
one
he's Charles Charles trapping with
Marley Zoe and his fiance ality you can
watch my channel ready a decision from
the internet
