you guys ready to go running you ready
you know it's really funny Marley
actually woke me up really early so we
can go running and I had to look she's
going back to bed I have literally
dragged Zoe out all right day two how
big is it 29 centimeters 29 centimeters
and like what does that a week yes
what's the date draw 21st from the 14th
it was nothing now the 20 verses that's
what we have that's pretty sweet so
looks like the new operating system for
the iphone is out i'm actually updating
right now um I actually I wanted to ask
you guys this now that the new operating
system was an iOS four or whatever
they're calling it you know it does like
multitasking and things like that are
you guys in like tethering are you guys
going to jailbreak your iphone from now
on I see the thing is I don't think I'm
gonna end up jailbreaking anymore
because the only reason why I ever
jailbroke was because of the
multitasking like I wanted to be able to
use a bunch of things so I'm actually
kind of weighing back and forth like the
benefits the pros and cons so yeah just
was curious what if you guys were one
updating earlier waiting for the new one
or if you guys want you to upgrade if
you're gonna actually jailbreak I don't
know if there is a jailbreak actually
yeah it also seems that I've already
started shifting the iphones because it
just left china and hong kong when yep
today sweet let's see the distance here
get directions of course we couldn't get
directions how about if we walked
there's one of the distance oh lame so
we're gonna play some bball
yo down professor
you can do it
gotta shoot
Oh
you can do it
air bah
you're like Shaq
there we go
get him to practice
there we go
do we
Oh Charles
my face beet red so we just played some
beef way we lost through do we win 21-17
we lost by that little it was Ali myself
what the hell take a break things make a
breakdance make a breakdance Marley
loves us a little too much how are you
doing whoa that was awesome yeah that
food for her to do that brownells cake
car Oh get it ha ha ha good oh my god oh
my god oh my god you excited it's
rebooting it's rebooting iphone OS for
Hagen ah I'm just taking forever what
what is the total emo an awesome who's
that guy well now some freak show looks
like he's pooping hurry up Ellie found
my old my first driver's license all
right got everything covered yet
everything covered with the government
sounds a good part okay OTO yep that's
me that's my first that's me to please
all right I can't even whistle that's me
at 15 / 16 yes sexy I'm like look at
this I'm Bob Barker blonde tips that is
we're both blonde you're like Sugar Ray
hey moon hurry up stupid phone up I
think it's done now whatever ha look at
that I look at your my background what
yeah my background that's cool it's good
uns a good thing you safe at me instead
of Mario yeah Ali's jealous cuz look
Ali's jealous cuz i put Mario's my
background you're jealous cuz Mario
you're jealous of a little Italian
plumber so not just you found some look
at that that's Zoe and I just had face
she's making like I know that was the
first day I got her okay see that box
right there on the right that would be
equivalent to half of that box right
there oh yeah that's what my favorite
photos right there i put on a food our
old foods belt foosball he'll stay in
foosball players Oh thumbnail feel I was
trying to do a photo for the thumbnail
yesterday's video and I hit record you
know what I'm gonna leave it in I'm
gonna leave the video in well that was a
double fail you know I just did was
taking a photo for the thumbnail
yesterday's video well I was forgot to
put it on video and I just took a really
bad photo see
yeah okay anyway um so yeah today's been
a really busy day I put Ali's new video
she did the white brown bread bad breath
I bet the the white bread challenge we
have to eat up slice of bread in 45
seconds so that's on our channel and
here's the awesome awesome thing that
I've been really stoked on on publishing
where as it were as it were there's so
many sequences and so many sequences
opened right now um did this one you
guys are just gonna have to wait living
here on my channel right now youtube.com
/ Charles Trippy part 3 of the Barbie
sex tape redemption is uploaded so go
please go check it out thumbs it up I'll
leave some comments and send it to your
friend hope you guys like it cuz it is
um it's one of those it's one of those
wolves trolls what was he thinking type
things but I have fun doing these I
don't know why I guess I just have fun
playing dolls with dolls or playing
dolls I'd be kind of funny you'd like
dressed up as a doll that I hit myself
in the nose I need to go outside I've
been in front this computer editing all
day Oh going for a walk cuz I really
don't like running so ah just listening
to techno and walking around my
neighborhood oh man it's so friggin hot
though oh I hate when that happens when
our norms get stuck the hell are you
still doing here the middle of the
summer I thought you guys went back up
north where does
baby
don't attack me please I swear I'm just
looking at your children they look mean
when their mouths are open like that
leave it okay I'm moving I'm moving I
swear I swear oh my god don't hurt me
there's a lease if she can hear me I'm
gonna yell at her hey she is hey hot
stuff nup doesn't even hear us uh-huh
sure was just found me I didn't even
realize my music is blasting my yelling
my music is blasting any hot man in here
you know that's gonna suck to be a girl
like jog cuz he gets like guys like
creepy dudes always yelling stuff like
that that's why why she was ignoring me
that's a mean that doesn't happen to
guys at all I don't think that's ever
happened to me I've been jogging or
doing anything and like a female
construction worker goes very hot stuff
maybe I'm just not hot enough I don't
know it just seems like women get they
get the little cat calls a little bit
more than men that's for sure just
imagine that would be really funny just
imagine like the role like the roles or
the social standards are completely
reversed so like women are always sexual
harassing men and although that would be
really funny just imagine how different
the world I have to do this farther
don't I I getting all this like right
here so my whole face my big heads in
the way um we're in the shot what was I
saying oh yeah that would be really
funny if the whole like social standard
thing was flip-flopped so I've been
playing around with a new operating
system but the thing is that's gonna
knowing that all the apps they're not
all of them support iphone 4 so when I
exit out of it it completely exit out
but check this out oh the CTFxC app is
one of the few apps that support
multitasking it's because we're on the
cutting edge of technology and you know
we want to just give you guys the best
apps ever for free
all right sexy ok so a Lisa what do you
do with a light over here she's okay so
on Ali's channel she did her third
challenge which was a bread bread
challenge where challenge of bread it
was pret you a thing of white bread or
wheat bread like this kind of bread
slice o standardbred Dana bread yeah
what a spa and 45 advisory to Britain so
we can definitely eat a slice your
friend 45 seconds what about a lot of
people in the comments were saying that
was so easy and I agree so I want to see
if I can actually do this okay so we're
going to do the full time on the phone
okay ready fine wait that's the only
thing 12 okay we have to swallow the
whole thing by the way 35
25 seconds oh my goodness will he do it
will he do it 15 seconds on the clock
solid solid solid ten seconds nine eight
seven oh I see him now oh five seconds
remaining okay there is a technique hmm
um don't do that at home could i want
you choking unless there's a unless
there's a zoe supervising mmm possible
go do it so it's just so crazy right now
she's so excited hey now go watch Allie
totally fell on hers I totally did Phil
you know why because I didn't do the
small bites I did I strove the whole
thing in there oh she says bread are you
crazy what was the other one yeah but he
hasn't sprite I'm not doing that yes
right no the moment you've all been
waiting for part three of the epic saga
just click the video up there trust me
it's really really really stupid don't
expect avatar too seriously don't expect
avatar too seriously guys it's supposed
to be cheesy and dumb but I hope you
enjoy thumb it up comment love and I
love you he's Charles Charles trapping
with Marley Zoe and his fiance Ali you
can watch it on this channel we need a
decision from the internet
