so Lee's Father's Day give a kiss to
your daddy happy Father's Day your furry
children what I look like is a real trip
yeah yeah yeah yeah that's it good
that's it it's almost like his jaws like
out to the side you see the resemblance
little toad she's a big baby toad see it
so back in April I was doing the whole
jogger yeah I was doing the whole
jogging thing member we're doing really
awesome actually and then I just got
really busy again so I am I'm promising
myself that I'm gonna get back into it
so we're starting today and they're
losing their little Pudge too
that's the most annoying thing about you
know exercising is actually sticking
with it like I can do it really well for
like two weeks maybe in a month and
after that I just get bored with it
you're speedin so last night I had one
of those really strange dreams you know
like if you eat something really late at
night you know oh this is the thing is
I've heard that a few dairy late at
night like if he's like cheese or juice
milk
it'll be like make you have some like
weird dreams cuz I look at the case
you're still here
why are you Epping geeks what I'm not
supposed to be here a lot of peace more
than go yeah the weird dream so yeah I
had a weird dream last night where it
was really weird it was like one of
those dreams where you you if you feel
that it's completely real cuz it's
really plausible it's not one of those
crazy ones where you're falling out of
the sky you're flying or something who's
okay basically I got like a like a weird
feeling my teeth so there was like this
weird feeling right to you so I was like
oh and I started I took my hands I was
like you know jiggling my teeth like
wiggling back and forth and I was like
wait a minute wait my tooth is loose
like it's kind of loose so I could you
know natural instinct as I kept wiggling
him so I kept wiggling it then all of a
sudden my entire tooth just popped out
just popped out and of course I'm
freaking out I'm like whoa and then I
wiggled my other truths and it fell out
we got another one
it fell out and I kept doing that
because I didn't know to stop and
eventually I had no teeth I had like
missing teeth here missing teeth here
here here here and then then I thought I
woke up in the dream I was like aw it's
a dream so I woke up but I was still
dreaming I dreamt that I woke up in the
dream so then I woke up for real and
immediately I go like this and I'm
freaking out and let's get the crap out
of me
just imagine me like toothless but maybe
that'd be good I wish I could do some
special effects right here let me just
imagine it never really had like a
reoccurring dream or a scary dream that
you know always happened a lot but that
was by far the weirdest dream I've ever
had because it felt so real I don't know
what is that we I would ask you guys
what is the weirdest / scariest dream
that you guys have ever had that you
could remember the thing about dreams is
like what it happened like seconds
before you actually wake up really don't
cause dreams I just know they're
spectacular
or scary you know that's just scary /
weird how about just all around most
awesome dream it doesn't it to be
negative we don't have to be negative
here was that with a possum positive Jim
were you the president of the Hannah
Montana fan club I don't know that'd be
cool or is it Justin Bieber fan club
that'd be think that the Ali's like
awesome dream to be the Justin Bieber
fan club she's been listening to that
baby song over and over it's because an
hour in the new video the Barbie sex
tape which by the way is going up on
Tuesday this coming Tuesday upon my
Charles Trippy count links in the
sidebar if you're not subscribed but
there's a surprise in that video because
it's the third installment and she's
been looked like Palooza seriously she
is problems she has a serious problem
she's been listening to it over and over
again and cuts quietly yeah I've been
listening to so if right now I'm
listening to Snap Case to kind of wash
it out I'm cleansing myself
see all your father's by the way out
there in internet land I want to say
happy Father's Day dad if you're
watching happy Father's Day thank you
for not killing me when I was a punk-ass
teenager and all you other father's
don't kill your kids goodbye sir a
Father's Day
wait is that terrible advice is terrible
to think that Father's Day it's stupidly
crappy out here in Tallahassee
I just went running as I told you guys
if you wanted to know the apps that I
use when I'm running it's all my blippi
account so you can you can see the ones
I download it for that I actually don't
remember the names of them so I'm
telling you go there and you can see
what it is time to get buff and stuff
that's that's my goals they'd be buffing
stuff that ripped I don't want to be
ripped because that's scary that's too
much maintenance I just want to be buffs
and stuff I think that's what I'm gonna
call it ah crap the camera turned out
just to there was a huge ass lightning
bolt it went here here and then over
here shit you see that one sweetie
got one there's Florida's penis building
does that look big got the two domes and
everything that's like a that's an
architect fail right there
goes up
are you ready for this
yeah for those wondering yes I did that
in a post office parking lot
sorry you want to just hear this band I
just gets so pumped up and I just I
freak out if you don't know who this
band is oh my god I have to put the
steering wheel all the way down I have
to fix that before so driving hold on oh
yeah if you don't know who that band is
shame on you shame shame on you advance
called snap case and this is probably my
favorite album most progression through
unlearning if you like hardcore or
actually you know what it's not hardcore
like or the hardcore was like none of
that stuff but it's good hardcore I'm
having so much fun flush it's like it
seriously it's me and the car just
talking to a camera I'll have a
conversation with the Internet 24 hours
later but right now I swear I swear I've
had zero coffee today zero I think it's
just the weather you know like weather
like yeah it's bright white no I'm just
kidding you see when weather's like that
I always get like really hyper I don't
know I know I'm not the only one cuz Ali
does too so I'm probably making you guys
tired just like watching me I'll take it
down I'll take it down a notch got some
presents got some presents today got
some presents in the peel box don't open
it
here to go with it go saver be able
saver I can find her again where's Ally
that dear I didn't see her I'm trying to
pick up a saver hey wanna break dance
break this crazy 12 see what you guys he
was got to go to hop and then twirl when
she's in bed area she does this like
roundhouse kick ready okay not like that
trick good job boss shake good job do
you think is that you think there's
something for you in those boxes huh
check this out why you tubers that
Canadian couple you can't eat that
it's a notebook you dingus so yeah
thanks Chris and Christy it's pretty
awesome it's really good - it's like I
think it kind of is oh he's still
looking for dog toys there's nothing in
there yeah how'd you know there was
something in there for you
you just knew you just knew there was
something in there for you did you this
is I don't know who this is from so ever
Senate thank you very much
you just knew there was a dog Tory in
there didn't you big bag big bag
oh that's told some nail worthy right
there big again oh you little biatch I
gotta call my friends I gotta check my
doggy socks
wait I got a bark bark bark
don't take that from you he's Charles
Charles champion with Marley Louie and
his fancy Ally
we need a decision from the internet
