totally a mess what is this it's the
point of this carry-on bag
Ali's trying to convince me to get a Wii
did you guys know actually that
goldeneye I've ever Goldeneye for goal
line 64 for Nintendo 64 is actually
coming out on the Wii
I told her the second that comes out
that we could buy away other than that I
just don't think it was really worth it
you really want what you're gonna have
HD audio I don't know either
I don't know see the thing is I don't
play video games very much do you think
a we would actually be worth getting the
cuatro hey look at this you can actually
see the pixels looking you can see all
the pixels there's our yellow is gone so
cool
we're sneaking up on my brother and my
dad there's there in the Music Center
and Best Buy and they don't know what Oh
Daniel baby let's turn you know you got
a totally rockin out yeah Bravo yeah bro
sake Tony today come by a TV it's
awesome
yawn oh man
raving now baby you the next prodigy
you've advanced if you want to go friend
of mine the keyboard cat I see every
single time I try to record this for you
guys she always makes me stop
I know they really want you to play that
whole song
so I'm uploading the video Ali Ali
versus board cat on my iPhone channel
you know I do it straight from my phone
okay I've had my phone at almost this Oh
seven and I never knew if you hold it
like this way and double tap it it does
that I knew if you did this way and did
it like that it does that but am I the
only one that never knew you could if
you guys think it to see this yet make
sure you subscribe to our I phone
Channel now that the new watch sounds
gonna do 720p look a lot nicer but yes
youtube.com slash trippy and you can see
Ali doing the keyboard cat rendition I'm
still trying to sneak her doing the
other stuff or ingesting they're both
trying to play us off they're very
elusive
that's not so I was finishing up some
the Barbie video and I kept giving
little driblets of water driblets
droplets of water on my head and I
thought Ally was messing with me and
then I looked up but look it's pouring
out right now and it's coming through
the freaking roof look at this I don't
know if you guys see it's all over that
it's over there
whoa yeah look at that yeah this is this
is not cool at all I'll show you outside
it's freaking pouring it's like a
hurricane look at that interesting
I thought Holly was messing with me from
the other wrist really I mean you're
gonna perceive your neighbors are yeah
maybe they don't know either
well this is a bedroom that's huh it's
falling apart oh you ready to go in that
rain yeah let's go in the rain you need
a jacket go hang out with Dre come on
let's go sit outside Oh Marley whatever
your name is come on
okay another another bit of frustration
okay
I'm playing with the old my old first
generation iPhone and okay when I turn
on look at this see if you guys have
been getting this hair right there
I they're off switch hold right here see
this iPhone is disabled and when I put
it in the iTunes it says basically that
it needs to have a password and I typed
the password in and it's
accepting it so if you guys have been
experiencing this or have a fix without
having to restore it because I need to
get something off of it basically some
photos of Zoey Marley please tell me in
the comments because I'm a little
frustrated mmm it's funny I come to you
guys before anybody else I know at least
one of you has the answer
look it's connected to the Wi-Fi stupid
thing we put your shades that gun Justin
looks awesome in Wayfarers look at me
boy yep so we're you love that toy very
weak alright so I'm playing with this
program called aging booth basically you
can show what Ali and I will look like I
don't know and up like over 70 or
something like that and I'll show ya
that's good okay so this is me old and
this is Ali old
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley Zoe and his fiancee Allie you can
watch this channel we need a decision
from the internet
