oh good morning everyone today is Sunday
what and it's good morning good evening
good afternoon I was gonna make fun of
me all day today is the epitome of a
lazy Sunday usually Ali gets up at like
8:00 or 9:00 in the morning and I'm
usually trailing behind and I'm always
trailing behind so when I wake up Ali's
out of the bed and usually these are Zoe
or Marly one of them has replaced Ali
next week today this morning Ali had to
leave the Sundays well I never cooked
anything yeah so usually I would like an
internal clock for 7:30 am I shouldn't
say internal Bondish day a Marly for
8:00 a.m. and then sometimes I wake up
or like naturally at like 10:30 or
something
depends usually how late I am up like
editing or doing something so I woke up
today was laters like 11:30 in the
morning super late and I'm still in that
I like woke up I literally woke up in a
panic like oh my god little one the word
America like it said usually Ali's out
of the bed and she's been replaced by
the dog but this morning when I got up I
was looking something my phone Ali they
shot up and like well I didn't expect
you there he literally said that lazy
Sunday afternoon morning lazy Sunday
which is something we all need sometimes
what is gave rats right yeah
RNR Callie and Caroline by the way
Caroline Kelly hi beaver Allie Caroline
we just played a fun little game you
guys to see it later that cuz then I
gold players favorite thing I think it's
the only reason why I backed over my
house when Frankie was here there's a
skirt skirt himself that's all he wanted
to do Oh up there we go again
are you kidding yeah there we go okay
one more see like oh oh my gosh yeah
that's that I mean she got hit three
times yeah yeah she beat me like seven
games out of a table ball really yeah so
bring her over here
do you guys have fun hanging out with
friends hanging out with friends what
are you doing hanging out with lizards
Ali went over it will help Kaitlyn she's
heard Tom are going to where are they
going they're going somewhere Cuba I
think they're going to Cuba so they have
to get all their things ready for that
actually I really want to go there ever
since they got to travel that's a travel
ban that they had I just want to go
there so bad because every time somebody
has gone and they tell me it's kind of
like a time warp because they have like
you know old cars that are running like
new and just things like that I just
think that would be so cool because I
love old things like that and I just
want to see how people have adjusted and
morphed old into new does that make
sense
I don't know if that makes sense
probably one of those things like shower
thought things that I have all the time
so today was really nice so far because
we really just been hanging out with the
dogs
hanging out at home had a little lunch
together now I'm having a snack love
I'm tires in the bag but it's been kind
of a nice day hanging out around the
house
haha on the days where the weather is
less than perfect trials really knows
how to annoy me like bad annoys me bad
poked me pinches me pushes my nose was
like the one thing I need so much he
just enjoys me
yeah no ice marry excuse me I don't even
know because I just got so annoyed by my
husband ladies gentlemen anybody out
there do you ever get annoyed severely
by your significant other you still love
them still care for them but then
there's those moments there's those
moments that really test your sanity and
they're really tests how much you love
them no I'm kidding you know I love them
but I do sometimes wanna hold on to a
rope I just squeeze squeeze up whatever
is on there out so yeah so Zack and his
girlfriend came over and played a game
of us is actually a lot of fun because
we don't really get to just do that just
hang out and play game and just relax so
that was a lot of fun it's been so
dreary this whole weekend that makes me
not want to do anything well great but
awkward feeling like just not wanting to
do anything like not having the will or
the energy as silly as it sounds you
know I haven't done anything crazy like
I don't have the energy to want to do
anything there's an annoying little sob
right there told you
super I guarantee give him five minutes
he'll be back from knowing the crap out
of me the part about me car wash
watching it from the back
what happened full advantage of my beard
obviously so when you're presented with
a boring weekend
what else can you do how about this make
some cookie batter to make a cookie cake
give me a first time for me Belem I'm a
cookie I'm going to make a cookie cake
and I might even go fer Headley my
throat
I'm not even go as far as to make an ice
cream cookie sandwich can be very funny
very very exciting this is what I do my
boring Sunday let me be weird possibly
never all has a bit of a little jagged
ship kernels the deliciousness and last
meal
Oh a list stuff and voila you just
complete this came out in a way for life
pay me for this cool down we're going to
make some delicious pie I hope is going
to be delicious beautiful on see I'm not
really sure I've never done this before
i extremely cookie sandwiches and then
i'm gonna go for a very long run looks
like you're having it stay on i was all
bugs that's actually really funny how
does it say do you want to go for a jog
okay there's a crack snap from the
outside is pretty funny do you need a
goat lambs blood what else you need so
he careful you don't wanna set yourself
on fire Zoe Jesus you know just set
yourself on fire you dumb dumb Zynga now
she's with a ding dong he's a toy as you
flame-retardant
he has remember the other day I was
talking about how the old cement thing
before this was this the problem is we
just noticed that because of the rain so
much of the rain I guess it didn't
settle so some of the cement came off
just on the edges right here kind of
sucks so we have to figure out how to
guess you just get cement and then just
put it back together actually want to go
over here haven't gotten to see it again
oh don't look so good I don't remember
who suggested it by note was a girl in
the comments when I use q-tip X ears
said it multiple times are like Charles
alley just put rocks and whoever said
that multiple times this is your this is
your doing right here you're responsible
for this looking awesome
actually there's probably a lot of you
but I remember one specific girl that
does that we're going to go for a jog
and you're sitting in the one dead patch
right here alright so I'm making a
Charles do my workout so lay on your
side okay nope nope no no no now to like
site nope to like straight display
normal don't have a heart
okay lay down lay down normal come here
but put this arm under your head you got
to get comfy come on
no doesn't care but this arm are you
sorry
come on Zoe we write we write come on
okay no play great put your button great
just looking like hand flat is
lifted leg up to 40 but we took beer you
can be funny we can go slower good job
this oh you know carrot that put my face
player it down lift his eyes can't okay
well your eyes down
come on your first count govern your
psyche all the way down up down up
oh is amazing I don't want to do it
you're bored you and it'll generate take
me like out hi Zoe
right that my arm to stabilizing to this
back straight oh
selfie oh no no way
how do you go do you know what I
probably can write down you'd be in my
band out the song is going in my mouth
oh stop running to the fire is being
going I got it right 45 later and say 1
2 3 4
then what's born when you run those
things is boring for me what I go on
uh-huh they're boring for him Internet
we kind of started slacking in a running
thing so we're trying to get back into
that whole thing this is price super
freakin bouncy you're trying to get back
into that got to get into our bikini bod
ye Hawaii Waikiki I plan on wearing a
speedo that's why I mean by that I just
want to piss that booty I'm creepy I
just realized how creepy that sounded
she's my wife allowed to say that the
giant penis tree looks like somebody
dropped a weed
thought it was an animal person tough
dog
so it's rekted yo ollie
what so we just ran for about two miles
just so we can do this
Allie had the bright for a horrible idea
to make homemade ice cream sandwiches
well that's what pretty much what ice
cream sandwiches are they just have
those black cookies okay
laughing okay I'll run down the three
miles okay
hey would you like chocolate vanilla
although you always do vanilla with an
Ice Cream Sandwich
all these crazy people do with chocolate
this is what happens when you are bored
on a Sunday and you have a lazy Sunday
you just make your Kiev asleep that
earlier when you're not I'm like my nice
mate usually like when you're born I
feel like this is what my grandmother
has hundreds filled in my head which was
keyboard thanks usually whenever you go
to her now she has like 100 different
batch of cookies in her shouldn't you do
the other way
why oh my god that's a monstrosity right
there alie homemade cookie ice cream
sandwiches available in our home
most people know how big an iPhone is
there you go it's all big this thing
ridiculous we can put it next to Marley
and see if she eats or not
Marley tried to attack a giant German
Shepherd when they were walking thing
I've ever seen
it was equivalent right yeah is that
it's like if you had a fish on a hook
that's what Marley's like not leash
which you see the big dog she's got up
she got a standard round though he's
just like this and diesels kind of like
flopping around to any definite lot and
then he just passes out you okay there
buddy
how you doing over there and this one
has just never stops
wait no don't miss I'm not done with
that one are you putting chocolate on it
do you go running out a 3-mile said
that's really tough
I knew that way I don't know I always do
that or chide like ah
it's a gift that's damn good way of your
pinhead it's as big as the fun of your
face yeah so big that's what she said
okay
but before we go to bed we have to at
least try the thing yours looks like I
melted they both have big muscle just a
little bit too big that's got to be at
least a thousand calories and I'm having
a complaint to this very elegant place
is staring at actually oh so that's
where it's been it's not me will you
look at my it's so big
is it good who said I was really good
you know what reminds me of when tried
all those crazy burgers at the fast-food
place oh yeah all right I don't know I
think we had a success here this is
actually really good unlike those other
things we'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget to get the free CTFxC emoji app
links on the description and have a
great night
so I'm thinking about the same watch
this all I'm doing right now all right I
got whoa hmm
you
