so I was just perusing my at replies on
my Twitter and somebody sent leave this
link and I don't know if you guys can I
want to switch macro really quick and
can do can you see anything special in
this still right here let me just move
it around a little bit anything yet I
don't know right there how awesome is
that this is a big brothers little
brother I don't know what that means but
they're obviously wearing a roflcopter
shirt our roflcopter shirt isn't it
awesome yeah so some this video up for
being famous on TV or at least our
t-shirt is so yeah just wanted to show
you guys it's really awesome that's
really cool i'm really proud that's
awesome the Internet's coming after you
TV I got my editing partner over here so
what you're doing what you're doing I
love how you do that with your back feet
it's so cute ah what do you got you got
your wrecking ball every morning Zoe or
Marley coming um just hang up on my feet
well I'm editing oh sorry get up I need
to move that okay let's go
so we got jealous I put your phone on
the fort they're that good a little fort
hide you from the thunder and lightning
it's outside trivia question for today
in homers phobia according to homer
there are only two kinds of guys who can
wear Hawaiian t-shirts gay guys and who
hey Hawaiians be Miami cops or see big
fat party animals and I'll let you know
tomorrow you know the answer any
services fanatic knows the answer
ready go to park way to go to the park
oh you might copilot here are you gonna
park behind yeah remember how they've
been complaining a lot it's been in the
last couple days oh hi Zoey the here in
Florida it's been like 105 the other day
was like what I think 107 today let's
see here today it is 85 it's only 85
degrees right now is unbelievably nice I
think it's because it just rained a
couple hours ago so we're gonna go to
the park and hang out and relax because
actually Ali's mom and dad and brother
Justin are all coming up for the Hangout
let's find that Gator guys so fucking
tree what's this did you find a new
little trail wait I think this is where
the frisbee golf thing is wait this is
what a spider was where the fuck is it
girls you guys come here get over here
come on where the hell are we oh I want
to go frisbee golfing he and that was
fun this way guys hey I know it's nice
and cool but come on back on the
boardwalk a-holes let's go let's go
watch the tree hey little turtle almost
feed these guys from here there's like
so many of them she's even more over
here they started gathering didn't need
their turtle power see that big-ass fish
do that thing
you're right there spoon tongue son of a
bitch I lost the other leash sound on my
neck is it ah Marley see you made me
lose your leash dude that Turtles
hauling ass find your leash hey hole
where is it oh it's all dirty darn it
flowers March Marley's gonna eat them
gonna check it out no oh sure you wanted
my flower but you you throw the grass
down there remember that a wolf video
was that where I was like lighting
Marley I was long time ago it's like
when we first started doing this
remember I had one of those little like
yellow sunflowers type things or like
weeds all most of those like any Marley
check this out I put in front of her
face issues up and just ate it this is
why I do the vlogs we have reference
points my memories sometimes sporadic to
say the least do you mind if we leave
now you mind if we leave now yeah what's
what's in there it's so cold oh that's
so freezing it's so freezing oh look at
Ali's old-school camera what is it 750
be 50 Wow freaking it really is s that's
your hipster camera yeah totally she
told her that sound good can explode
iced want to see that the tip is ice oh
wow that's gotta be bad so we're
cleaning up or actually I should say
Ali's cleaning up look at how nice look
on nice everything looks she's uh
because her parents are coming so she's
doing a little cleanup thing look you
could see Marlene Zoey's feet all over
the place your house wifey thing
look at pampered Marley over here
get a deli
kitty kitty good are you hiding usually
like the play all right maybe their
blanket over protective check it out
dude the frogs molting he's turning it
is getting a new suit so what does it
what does it when go away or does he eat
it or he's going this dude I know he's
gonna eat everything he's posing for the
internet meanie meanie meanie meanie way
I remember these babies we're trying to
figure out can you um like turn the
light off likely can't figure out if you
can turn the backlight off I don't know
I feel like such a noob going back in
the day when like why can't do the
simplest tasks I'm like looking for the
iphone but yeah yeah that mr. thing yeah
progression good luck all these baba o
do pet odor that one smells like beer
though it gets rid of the pet owner
extra-strength Febreze to get rid of all
the marley and silly but juice
nothing shameless product placement all
right I swear to God we're not being
endorsed by for brees although we should
be because we use their products like
mad because we have a dog that likes to
pass juice all over our house I love you
there's these love you let's see how
many times I say love you in Charles
doesn't say anything tapia love you oh
you say something I'm sorry love you
happy to love you okay to keep such a
jerk like such a revolver paki that's
just like hockey except no chocolate
what this is what I used to survive on
in college I have never eaten those I do
not like I wanted to know cuz i always
think of the Gaffigan show clearly oh
yeah allie has never seen an alligator
snapping turtle and i'm watching that
show dirty jobs right now and i'm gonna
show her the devil of turtles maybe she
won't like turtles anymore after this
yeah looks like tremors yeah but total
like this wait until he grabs the fishes
face
you've really never seen music or what
have you seen these other than on this
show they're all in Florida do I look
like that thing yeah you actually did
this I saw the tip of his tongue sea
turtles this grabs on anything yeah oh
my god did what a freak what a freak of
nature I don't think Ali likes turtles
anymore oh my god now that he bid adieu
stucco am good good he's Charles Charles
trivia and Marley's only a nice feel to
y le you can watch amorous channel avoid
the indecision cuz the internet came
television
you
