you guys want to see something really
funny all right check this out this is a
screenshot of Hillary switch to metro
this is an old screenshot of YouTube in
07 look at this how many subscribers i
had and i was the 29th most of soup up
subscribe but all time at the time oh
don't don't make fun of the hair don't
make fun of the hair but yeah check out
those numbers and that's what 29th most
subscribed would be all right now check
this out here's sexy Phil I had more
subscribers some sexy Phil today ok and
then let's go check out shake her that's
a shake carl shaycarl and he only had
4386 back in 07 isn't that crazy I just
wanted to show you guys this how much
YouTube is like really really changed um
drastically you know what I mean for
better obviously but yeah the old layout
old YouTube layout so yeah I just wanted
to show you guys that I question you
guys how long have you been a member of
YouTube or at least watching videos on
youtube so I've been on here since since
it started 05 this account was created
in those six um I had two accounts I
band my first one but yeah I just wanted
to know how long you guys have been on
this site i'm looking through all my old
files and i just found a video um from
my old band when were on tour it's when
i got my i don't know if you can see is
basically i got my lip pierced i got my
lip pierced on a dare so I'm since it's
really bad quality show it on here I'm
just gonna play it right now
okay people like and subscribe that's it
and then Mac deep breath and then sure
that I pretty much had that for like a
day or two was this on a dare um and it
really bugged me so I don't know how you
guys handle that stuff stuff but yeah
one of the main questions I always get
our about my tattoos I figured I'll
answer that right now basically the
tattoo on my back arm the one with the
guy holding the guitar that's my old
band suspense thriller and because you
guys were asking i posted on internet
killed tv.com some old videos and
actually our last album so you can
download that for free so go to internet
killed TV com you can download all that
and this one right here is actually have
a band called strung out it's one of the
first bands I ever really got into as
far as punk punk rock so yeah I hope
that answered that question I didn't
mean to string you guys out um so long
as to not answer those I just I
completely kept forgetting and then I
just was looking through here and I just
remembered so yeah go to internet killed
TV com if you want to download some of
my old music of granted this is like
this is like from 04 so this is like
this is old so go go easy on us it's
time to say goodbye to the slip and
slide carb it's really stinks it's a
really stinks it's a really stank it
does because we can't like dry it out
and we have no place I mean I was
sitting in here so we end up place to do
it a little car wash place we could like
take to the little car that would be
interesting good job oh the bugs
standing doggy twirl
ha ha ha ha ha ha I wanted to do it on
her but again rickets what's that Luke
ok hurry up oh good girl true true she
said attacking we might have to continue
down wait is that breakdancing move now
she's doing a shoulder stall what is
this twirl Oh break it break it break
dancing dog trying to keep them from
running on the couch whoa she's like
where do I go get a virus good this
listen
do you hear that is that making noises
or was I going crazy that's making noise
on an opening now I like moved it and
everyone in the the post office like
looked at me and then look at my package
not that package that pack geez got your
such perverts Ali didn't flinch on them
and I thought you would catch before I
would know I thought a plan what is that
the raccoon a raccoon that makes noises
geez nothing loud is that from melissa
from montana mt mean empty means montana
right you got some granola from chase
like actually this is his parents
granola so that's pretty sweet and then
check this out it's from kristen it's
like blood bags liquid strawberry candy
you'd like it okay okay it looks like we
got this like care package from Yoko em
from Japan japon the bucket cool stuff
and although oh she gave you guys next
thing you know they're gonna do one of
those like Dumb and Dumber once you know
when Jim Carrey's like one hear the most
annoying sound on the sound of the world
hey that'll be actually good dog toy
witness OE this is like the ultimate
care package look at this she spent so
much time she put notes on every single
thing this is so cool what is this evil
chip all right i'm gonna try these you
look fun try it
they're good they're not hot at all the
taste ah there's heat there's a Hey hmm
no wonder what's in them oh okay corn
you know what they remind me of a hotter
version of hot fries you remember the
other day we bought a watermelon and I
thought it would be really cool to carve
it like a pumpkin well today's today
we're gonna try to carve this and see if
this is possible to make a would be a
jackal what was that what happened your
fake it would you do that just smack
yourself in the face with a rubber band
hey you didn't you oh um so we're gonna
see if this is possible do you think it
should be possible I hope we don't waste
fruit yeah we'd have to do this the
smart way looky look at mommy big
watermelon
really wax paper you can't get behind
there so you can't go back there oh ok
ok I won't do it anymore how come when
you chase it with a spider it's okay i
need that I need that ok no we need it
we made it we did it we did oh look what
you did ok I'll just feed it under the
door alright so I've taken precautions
to make sure yours right see I kind of
want to do it this way I want to wake it
a little bit because it's got a flat
spot right where is it like there was a
flat spot some more like right here
maybe put his face don't I'll do it
sideways yeah do a sideways one cuz I'm
feeling this might be a little more
difficult than a regular pumpkin what do
you think we're gonna do is we're gonna
we're gonna cut the side and put still
put the face like this bubble just cat
oh yeah yeah okay this is gonna be a
long process ok there we go alright
let's see yeah there's gonna be a lot
harder than it fight is pretty good
isn't it what a melon juice
yeah you can put some green alcohol on
man just make a giant fruity drink yeah
a giant 20-pound watermelon not working
pretty well this actually is doing a
good job this is what you do in the
summer you know you don't need to fall
the deal pumpkin you can do we're
prepared for global warming if it's
always summer ya can just do Halloween
with watermelon that does look kind of
like that stuff yeah but it's probably
ought tastier than pumpkin guts see what
Marley does with watermelon yeah oh she
is no no here this is disgusting um that
is so gross she do you remember when I
gave her all the cantaloupe and the
honeydew she's so weird with free
internet do you know why there's two
different um oh yeah kinds of seeds you
know there's like the white ones and
there's a black ones like why do they
have why does water malla have to why
are you doing that cuz this is all
drills I'm just clamming up ok here's a
it's always like oh no she doesn't want
it riley likes it here watermelon you've
had too much to drink so i think this is
gonna work it's really stinky well don't
worry yeah don't I think we should do
the standard triangle eyes skittle
upside down triangle and then the the
square teeth this is good traditional
and then we'll see if the if you guys
can wanna one-up us on this watermelon
contest scheduled valleys got more
patience I can do the the brute work and
you could do the delicate work all right
we got one I like how Zoe Marley just
chillin there we go he's looking like a
pumpkin don't call me a pumpkin that's
true what a man not trying to be
anything on he's a poser
he's not trying to be anything he's not
it's gross does face so don't break any
your teeth Oh got it so we have a look
at that that is great a right there yes
next touch yeah sweet yeah we're gonna
have a problem with that what's the most
classic is the easiest it's whatever you
know what people probably like that one
the most is probably because that's the
one they first did when they first carve
a pumpkin think that's why everyone's
got this like nostalgia kind of thing
unless somebody some crazy artist did
something massively awesome kind of a
normal pumpkin but with his mouth open
and you take a smaller pumpkin no but
his mouth like a pumpkin eating fok OU
might we should get a mini pumpkin and
put inside the watermelons mouth like an
apple wing a different yeah grapes
honesty like your face I want to get
grapes and put on toothpicks and Megan
atty that we can do that they were
trying to vlog your dog making all the
slurping noises wine here Jana mais
pupils that was a success I would say
that's definitely a success that
actually makes a little creepier creepy
yeah I kind of like him about it oh
whoops yeah so everyone go to internet
killed TV calm and check out the photos
and then once you do I guess where
should we have them if they do this
where should we tell them to put posted
to yeah i guess i guess you can use the
contact form yeah take a photo of it
and go to our website and use the
contact form and send it to us that way
and then maybe we'll make a little
collage or something on there that would
be kind of cool so yeah go check it out
information is in the sub bar what gosh
I think of something clever like
jack-o'-lantern and summer would be Jill
o lantern but that doesn't really make
sense yeah we should name it what should
we call these we should we should dub
thee something what water lantern that's
not as cool after Lantern black o
lantern I don't know if you have any
ideas tell us in the comments hey moment
of truth ready ready whoo boy awesome
can't even tell it's just like a pumpkin
yeah it does there you go go I don't
play bball so who do you want to win the
Celtics through the Lakers I don't
really even know who you guys rooting
for alright so basketball and would be
football what were we talking about I
would say basketball football and soccer
known yeah there was a basketball yet
yeah you know no real tap I'm probably
gonna get a lot of flack for this one I
was just telling Ali the reason why okay
I get really stoked at basketball like
really stoked on soccer but then i
remember when i started watching it why
I don't like watching it's like the
fouls it's just like hit my wrist and
then he fouls and he starts a fight and
then you know he pretends like it didn't
happen that's why I like hockey that's
why hockey's awesome you fight he's
man's more it's for man medley me
because you know you fight for like two
minutes the refs are like you know let
go let go let him just work it out work
it out and then you get set in a box
and then you go play your game yeah
exactly that's what's awesome you get
put in timeout and then you're
everyone's cool with basketball it's
like you guys pretend to foul and like
same thing with soccer like they pretend
to file so I don't know maybe if you
with me if what is the pudding pop it's
just putting on a pop I don't know
frozen foot I don't know ask Bill Cosby
that's bull Cosby I don't know you know
but I'm asking legit like if you guys
are with me on this I love basketball I
love I like playing it but when I watch
it I do it so frustrated at the fouls
like just admit you you you grabbed his
wrist lakers game you can grab his wrist
yeah you punch them in the balls I don't
know that's my read for today it's only
ten-thirty I feel like granting people
that like when fouls happen and they get
called on people who like clearly trip
themselves yeah what what dude we're off
the court foul what I didn't do that
what is this game over there now doesn't
work like that doesn't work on the court
that's your problem thumbs this video up
if you agree thumbs this video up if you
don't agree thank you sure Josef adalian
one tomorrow channel girl why did you
get your vision
you
