today is a glorious morning you know why
cuz I'm fun other than awesome hair cuz
I'm paying off my car last car payment
whoo glorious - what are you going
Marley you're such a spoiled dog
remember like I was talking to in the
vlog the other day remember a couple
years ago where I did this video called
Barbies sex tape and I was being playing
with Barbies and then last year I think
it was last year we did a part two I'm
gonna try to do part three but the thing
is I don't remember where the Barbies
are so I got a search for them I can't
get these things out of here okay so I
think it's in here somewhere okay hold
on alright so these are the new
characters because and if you don't
remember these you might want to go to
the Charles Trippy channel and watch but
yeah trust me buying these Barbies was
an embarrassing embarrassing thing
wasn't it
okay heavy that was alright the prop box
the baby's okay
stop you're a good dog you're a good dog
come here Marley let me pet you
you're a good dog banana
everyone needs a banana costume whatever
the hem beards monkey scary-looking guns
I don't see the Barbie I mean oh this is
from that one video where I lose my arms
give me a shot it's to take blood oh
you're gonna take blood take my blood no
we're Blood Brothers all right well I
got a look in this one this is called my
excuse for a I guess pop storage so it's
here
oh wait Tyrone all right I have no idea
where this is gonna be oh there is
there's no head oh that's right you
didn't have a head in the last episode
okay hold that for me say okay here's
Barbie where she died okay for his body
trust me this will make more sense if
you guys just go watch the original
video over on my Charles Trippy channel
it's called Barbie sex tape and there's
two two versions
oh no Kim doesn't have a head actually
this works out perfectly looks good they
did you meet Ken's head did you eat it I
seriously have no idea where it is and I
kind of kind of need it oh man so much
crap he starts throwing things away
let's go surprise Ali I see don't give
it away
you always give it away it's Tuesday
happy Tuesday just throw it in the
government here you go oh shit is it
Wednesday she was in on it you don't
mean to do it
alright so we got to set up the
nightclub scene now yes they will be
battling at a nightclub
since when does Barbie's hips like a 39
watch Zoey she's freaking out as I'm
setting up the lights this is taking
longer than I anticipated just because
we keep having interruptions boy had the
Christmas dog
no she's not gonna Kobe she's oh she
looked up Kobe you go Jeff go blue are
you so pretty
we'll just put her out front Kobe what
I'm busy I'm busy
it's like a real rave no rain
your day at the park has been cut short
oh it's my stuff cooling rain though it
sucks
what the hell I just come home and this
is a Charlie I'm creative it'll make
sense on my channel I'm telling you guys
this is probably the most effed up
videos that I've ever done is just a
little serious
this is Justin Bieber he's making bloody
Barbie head oh she's dead she died
does she make it appearance in part
three I got Barbie there's a casualty
they see it yeah let me see the casualty
nothing super glue can't fix that's it
oh god you decapitated me it's okay we
can fix it you have a really big head ha
ha I'm almost done with this I've been
doing this all day I've been playing
with dolls all day I know it's kind of
sad I want to go outside but it's dark
so away I'm gonna I don't know I want to
finish this up oh yeah a bald head yeah
yeah yeah I was playing with dolls today
now this video actually came out really
good I'm really proud it's funny that
I've been doing this
those little series for three years but
I've been in front of a computer all day
I need to get outside and it's already
dark so I'm running some errands to
Publix I'm getting wax paper cos Ali was
you know she has fear of wax paper and
she doesn't like to buy it or rip it or
anything like that
rabbert you remember how Ali's scared of
black paper it's really funny you guys
make fun of me for being scared of
snakes this - was you know legitimate
and kill you
she's scared of wax paper which is
hilarious again this is all the cricket
cricket say can you tell I've been
cooped up all day pube leaks
get it because it's like Publix and it's
kind of like pube licks and I'm people
say it a lot of people say in the
Florida I'm not the only one I promise
time to clean up the rave you gonna be a
doughy do you want me to leave a lot for
you or what you gonna be upset if I take
this yeah you to be upset yeah all your
lights and that's what you call in the
filming business a rap what's on your
head what some Zoe's forehead look look
it's okay okay it's on your head you
flick it on your head sister teamwork
good job shake shake good girl
look what Ali made the look a little
diarrhea plus no bigs wait you don't
have to bake them that way they caught
another you know you can at reply Ali
and have her give you the recipe because
I don't know what it is it's a secret
Oh we'd have to kill you to have any
peanut is we'd have to kill you if we
did it maybe we should sell it the
highest bidder
before I forget um the guys over at fish
head net we just put another order for
shirts cuz apparently you guys like the
CTFxC s4 hater shirts and brothel shirts
a lot anyway the guys over at fish head
net the guys who make our shirts that
would be really cool to send over the
process of the hater shirt being made so
I thought it's a couple seconds I
thought I'd show you guys because it's
kind of interesting I didn't know how
much process went into making t-shirts
so yeah check it out right now
still rest assure guys all your shirts
are on their way he's Charles Charles
Trippy with Marley Surrey and his
fiancee Allie you can watch me on this
channel we need a decision from the
internet
