so we're looking for a little home for a
little garlic plant he's he's getting
quite big and he needs to venture out of
his aqua chamber and just something else
that's huge
oh I guess I don't know anything I just
go to Publix and buy garlic uh what's
with the makeup lady total kitchen herbs
you don't know the the lady we just
talked to said it's like a fish where it
kind of like grows into its own
environment so I don't know if we can
get that one mmm those or we can get
that one that we just saw I don't know
big giant bowl like this look at that
we're like a little farmers what else
should we try to plant some broccoli oh
we should use some Sakhalin the heck is
this stuff it's watermelon season we can
go to pick up a water map I have an idea
let's get a watermelon and carve it like
a pumpkin since it's summer I want to
totally do that today we're gonna go to
watermelon I'm gonna make a Jekyll
watermelon sweet spider and with
my hand in you oh that's right the whole
world cup USA USA so who you guys
rooting for out the World Cup who are
you rooting for espana Barcelona I don't
know who do you want to win that's the
good answer no they're not going to the
Brazil Messier what's the Internet
rooting for
laughs that's not very exciting I'm
sorry do something more exciting that's
better
go for gold or in the Barbie section
speaking of which I need to do that uh
remember that Barbie sex tape adventures
that I did on my Charles Trippy channel
I need to do part three one of these
days it's time to go these are like
vogue Barbies miscarry
they're racist Team Jacob or Team Edward
which one he's just why is he free and
not clean and he's just so stupid if you
guys seen these yet the Huggies and
they're like jeans the video is all over
YouTube you haven't seen this yet okay J
when rock tart or brother tard gets
older he has to wear these little movers
what a crappy day
don't worry about it
grumbles
the flash on that one
thank you take that breakdancers and
step it up yeah my own is gonna be piled
up oh wait maybe I do a big Hoss using a
roundhouse kick earlier ready Wow
this is from Naomi from Illinois but I
just want to let you know Naomi this is
how the box was delivered got to thank
the post office on that one
looks like they liked it oh we go yeah
that's how big it is
same that was like two here yesterday
yeah that's like three times sides
that's so girly yeah Sabrina got that we
go to Planet now right yeah I'm gonna go
get some dirt I was gonna buy dirt and
like one I just used her from outside so
you know Zoey
it's really funny to think about people
actually pay money for dirt
goofy they absolutely hate getting their
nails trimmed those eyes she's like
looking at the camera like please though
right now don't do this to me you look
good MA where's Zoe is that Zoe hiding
no you're next he's a little bit more
difficult than Marly was seized that way
look it's not that bad hey keep it up we
have to literally pin her down if we if
we try to do it with our state it's like
sitting up what you'll do is you'll
scoot back and then she'll run away and
then it's another 20 minutes of reminder
whine whine whine put that tongue away
keep in mind we're not even using the
cutters we're just using the little like
rotary the fancy petty paw okay look at
that face right now it's cuz when she
was little she was really difficult so I
don't gonna pet smart and they clipped
her quick and she's been deathly afraid
of it ever since follow that big old
tongue look at Marley she's hiding she
made a little like force so ridiculous
you hiding their marks see that wasn't
so bad
getting a photo of Marley being a weirdo
look at this look at my look at this
isn't that disgusting that's all the
hair from Zoe and Marly and that's
always dribbles from her long-ass tongue
so needless to say I need a shower now
you got some water there what you're
looking for is OE what are you looking
for your movie I'm sorry Josh yeah what
are you doing so tomorrow's the day
actually if you're watching this
tomorrow which is today so today's today
wait what let's start this over the
question I wanted to ask you guys to let
me know in the comments what do you guys
think I should get should I order the
new iPhone 4 and white or black I know
it's very stupid it's very very
minuscule but I'm just I'm just curious
what do you guys think is the white
better or is the black better so I will
leave you guys to discuss in the
comments on which one I should get is
the black one cooler or is the white one
cooler do you hear that
Ali is watching Sweet Home Alabama again
so I gotta hide before I have to go
watch it too he's Charles Charles
champion with Morley Zoe and his fiancee
Allie you can watch this channel we need
a decision from the internet
