very cute but you're not supposed to be
there european girl you ready for some
donuts ready for some donuts those are
not for you so I went into donut king
down to get some day on us yes there are
always kids in there like the woman who
owns the store I guess has children that
just hang out in there with her while
she works Jesus kids walking so I could
well I mean like in the back oh yeah the
counter inside so I walk into the store
and as a lady she like asked me what I
want she turns around to get the donuts
off the shelf all of a sudden I see this
a hand with a puppet on her behind the
cash like what would you like again are
you sick it's a little kid and she has
one of those like sanitary plastic here
oh and she taped like eyes and like a
like a bunch of newspaper to make a
dress for Oh looky I don't know I didn't
even see the girl I just want the voice
and she was like and I asked for a copy
the receipt and she goes like this I
swear I almost had a heart attack it was
like as soon as a lady turn around I was
like that ladies and gentlemen is the
same garlic thing the same clove that I
had yesterday let's see what time is it
right now no ok so it's like 415 almost
4 15 and look at that we'll check back
at the end of the day and guarantee you
it will have grown more I don't know if
you guys seen this video before but this
girl is trying to say the Frog but
listen to a frog
see frog sack frog moving back on a
crack it up she's smiling so fun wanted
to show Ali this this is from
yesterday's video cardio post office is
so creepy when you come by yourself
you're like the only one and you can
like hear everything echo echo thanking
machine this is why YouTube is awesome
they're streaming bonnaroo some watching
Weezer gotta love YouTube you gotta love
them sing the blues ready
mirrlees in the other room hmm
come here job the best all right so this
is what two hours later how many hours
four hours later and that's how much
more it's growing it's so crazy with
that that's fine we're gonna have an
entire garlic plant today Hemi girl
she's here again hey me girl Hema girl
she's always here yeah it's been one of
those nice lazy lazy days it's like one
of those days we're reading later yeah i
know i did and i didn't call parnell or
anything see how he's doing no but um
and you kind of got cupcakes when you
got Donuts instead that's true that's
Campbell truth GG um yeah it's one of
this is like one of the few days that we
didn't have to do anything today so we
just been enjoying it right the dog park
now it's been so hot to I didn't look at
my God look at look at my glasses are
fogging right there in front of you
guess what it's doing yeah oh the lens
yes oh it is you guys are fogging to
your being so lame Marley hey fine go
poop somewhere he looks like shadow from
his shadow from homeward bound hey whore
shot oh I'm gonna give Zoe I do pay her
own hair need a little bit of hair there
Zoe oh he doesn't want it all right I'm
no Donald Trump get out of here play
that it's a shedding cuz of the summer
not see any of that oh you couldn't help
Ali's trying to figure out how many
things okay I'm not gonna say anything
I'm just gonna be recording the ambiance
sound in the comments tell me what
things you hear I'm trying to listen I'm
trying to pinpoint okay all of the
ambient ambience I'm beyond ambient
noise how do you say that all I think of
as ambien that's liepman I say that hey
ready guys listen
so how many things did you hear how many
did you hear no no I'm stuck Karen
you're still counting I heard like seven
things how many like eight or nine
especially in summer you don't realize
it but um I used to love it like I would
know it was summertime if I was if i was
going to sleep at night and I can just
feel like crickets going crazy really
funny next time you go outside just like
stop and just like sink and like listen
and its really it's kind of nature's
Tiffany damn nature you scary what I
think it's family guy damn nature you
scary oh hey Jeff Goldblum what are you
doing on my ankle all right so we're
trying this place it's called decent
pizza yes that's what actually it's
called um so let's check it out oh wow
that looks delicious that looks
delicious good that is like the coolest
name for a piece of place decent pizza
then that is that irony that the fact
that the pizzas pie amazing yeah it's
always really funny when I when I meet
somebody for the first time they're like
all your name is trippy like drugs man
you tripping and I just as I don't know
Oh speed are you like doing drugs and
driving fast though our wedding is gonna
be interesting the trippy speed wedding
or speed trippy wave which is like a
woman's in here I think it doesn't
really matter to me to me yeah I think
it's made removed and if you if you
hyphenated you be Ali speed trippy I
know but that would be really funny shit
New York in cosmos beep trippy actually
that was my name that was actually no I
don't know did I ever tell you guys how
these were the names that my parents
were thinking before Charles first one
was Duncan I'm actually really like I
thought Duncan would be sweet and then
the next one was Cosmo which I seriously
wish my name was Cosmo we should name
our first kid can we name our first son
Cosmo give me my first
Duncan's pretty sweet so yeah are there
any other awesome names the last names
out there in internet land I think
sovereign is a good father a bench favre
wrong and what's one of the oh my gosh
the brothers emptiness t-bone or
whatever yeah yeah I know you're talking
about i think they do too gosh they're
the twins they're identical twins I
don't remember this there are running
backs or something like that okay ya ali
fail ali fail hey guys make sure to go
check out Ali's new video on her channel
youtube.com slash Ali um yeah they tried
the cinnamon challenge you know the
spoonful of cinnamon yeah it's not
pretty I promise you guys last week that
i wouldn't say mosey on so how about you
guys skedaddle over there TTYL ly la s
he's Charles Charles Trippy with Marley
Zoe and his fiance Ali you can watch my
channel we need a decision from the
internet
