so we are at a place here in Tallahassee
called will McCullough will call us
Springs it's just basically like a
natural springs we got that too we got
it then give the dogs it looks like she
wants to go swimming there are way too
many people here crazy it is
this looks like five foot platform and I
was gonna do a little photo shoot of us
jumping off
they're vlogging you guys are so
professional
okay so this is repellent
you guys breathing come full-circle
little ant
you got a band over there it's like a
Partridge Family paper thing I think but
yeah unfortunately we can't let the dogs
go in there I'm really bummed because
Zoey's been sitting here eying and so
bad she's always she's also fighting off
bees and stuff like that almost got
stung and she chased it but she's a good
dog are you eating so no sorry guys I'm
having to vlog on here because Ally's
currently in the water so unfortunately
I have to stay up here with the dogs
we're taking turns so I'm using the big
camera to vlog or try to vlog it's very
difficult you see these little things
they're like little acorn thing I don't
know what these are actually they're
coming from this tree but I was sitting
here minding my own business and all of
a sudden one this fell and hit my
shoulder almost knocked me out there it
is right over there
that little do it go through them but I
don't even know what these things are
one of these trees but just imagine like
a coconut
I imagine people die all the time for my
coconuts hitting them in the head just
imagine that like that conversation you
know like so how did Frank die oh we got
hit in the head with a coconut
really that was good like one of the
worst ways to die
enjoy the water okay once Jimmy starts
playing Stine believe I believe there's
way too many people here so did you have
fun Zoey that tongue is math I don't
think there's any other dog that is a
longer dog tongue than you watch this
you guys watch all right you can do with
it
Zoey and now I'll flip it do the other
side honey she doesn't even care
one more time my favorite ones were the
hot wheels over every year they had the
hot wheels and the Barbie what was
all-time favourite McDonald's Happy Meal
toy it was either the Hot Wheels or
let's see here I like the ones the old
ones with grimace and the handler
Hamburglar and all those old school ones
directions just in case you know how to
use okay before I show you this does
anyone remember this band
before their time all right this is from
Sarah Alan what the duct like duct tape
calm now check this out this is amazing
first this is all made out of duct tape
that's all different duct tape colors
chips and then lexical portraits there
Zoe it's incredible
and then there's Marlee Charles Wallace
I got a wallet thank you this is all
made out of duct tape really yeah how
the hell these unbelievable
amazing wait that's not a pocket okay is
it a pocket
oh my god it's for your driver's license
yeah that's for your driver's license
right there or something else okay so
I'll show you that's my favorite part
okay so look how cute this is my totally
my favorite colors it's hell do you do
that okay Sarah Allen is officially one
of the most talented person people I've
duct-tape I've seen duct tape wallets
before but I've never seen the DES Wow
the CTFxC is a group of talented
talented people so I went into the
fridge and this garlic had a little spud
little thing coming out of it don't make
okay you have officially justjust just
20 seconds starting now to make sexual
comments about this ready go okay moving
on guys very mature
so I put it in water and it already okay
here we go with the sexual thing again
it already got bigger it already grew
more and little roots are sprouting out
of the bottom if I'm not crazy I think
that's what that is so just put it in
water I don't know this is how you grow
garlic but we're just gonna see what
happens so I'm finally getting around to
answering a couple of you guys
questions on our discussion discussion
discussion board on our discussion board
on our Facebook group let's see if it's
out there it goes
so yeah if you're not on our Facebook
group shame on you
shame on you you just gotta go to
facebook.com slash Charles Trippy friend
core I'll link straight on my face or in
the sub bar it's pretty cool cos if I
don't get to the questions
another CTFxC we'll see it and they've
been answering I'm like I'm about to
like I'm looking through some of these
these questions you know right now and
I'm like oh I should go ahead to that
and I go in and there's like 15 replies
on better answers that I could possibly
give so thank you guys for the helps so
yeah if you want to join our Facebook
group it's trustor different corner you
can leave questions at the discussion
board let's see here I can show you
where it is bring here discussions it's
gonna there and there's a little
discussion board going on so I just
wanted to let you guys know didn't know
prep sure you did
who's your awesome she's too lazy she
does even want to like get up you know
like the bubbles
and that was a Marley dream all right
remember yesterday we were talking about
the whole Bigfoot Pizza I was reading
some of the comments you guys were
saying that I was crazy that it was
Little Caesars nope nope I know my pizza
I know my pizza no look I found this old
commercial that was only $10.99 it was
exercise of two pizzas
I missed that Pizza okay this is another
one from 1930 1993 check this out see if
you recognize the soda Crystal Pepsi
that was so good I think it was like
combination of like sprite and 7up and
Pepsi all the same timing clear it was
great it's amazing it was actually
pretty bad if I do remember I think
that's why it's discontinued
and she just dope headfirst into a real
Cuban sandwich we're gonna have to we're
not to censor this for the awesomeness
we're centering right now so just in
case what do you think
different really oh she went to the dark
side
all right so we're trying to figure out
the length of the United States of
America 10,000 miles the length from
let's say like South Carolina or no
that's way too much 4,000 miles from the
pantry mm what Phil no oh you're gonna
be baffled on this okay Internet how
okay right now we're gonna give you a
couple seconds how long what's the say
from the east coast to the west coast
how many miles is that what do you guys
think tell us in the comments right now
like it's gotta be like 3,000 or 4,000
because it's like four it's like four or
five thousand miles to Spain what do you
think what do you guys think final
answer what is your final answer
35 miles it is about 2,500 miles Bri
close very close I sure pan this over so
they can at least see your face a little
bit okay believe it or not guys this is
actually a dog treat try the frosting
the whole thing so if you're asking ally
or myself anything on formspring for
spring or whatever the hell is called
that that is not us
go to our Facebook group or our website
that's it
these Charles Charles camping with
Marley's oen his fiancee Ally
