Marley do you like it Marley so we have
the Terminator coming today actually
funny story when I was little and my mom
said the exterminator was coming I
always thought I heard Terminator and
yeah they used to scare the crap out of
me but I know it could be completely
honest with you guys everyone knows the
internet doesn't judge my glasses are
done so I'm gonna go pick those up
before the exterminator gets here and
then I can see again the prescription
was kind of good fun with my eyes so
they fixed it so get my glasses and I'll
be four eyes I'll be a nerd nerd oh let
me ask you this guy's do you find that
glasses enhance the sexy power of people
i think i think gerdes are hot that's
why I'm basically marrying one I can see
again whoo this is awesome so this is
what it's like to be able to see sweet
no longer do I feel like mr. Magoo all
the dead flip cameras oh this was these
were actually from you to block oh that
one's EE killed now this was from
YouTube live they gave us hope they
still work you cheap life was awesome
that you know we should use some sort of
like like petition online petition to
get them to do another YouTube live
because that was pretty sweet you packin
some toilet paper the funniest thing
just happened when the experiment the
terminator I came in to kill some bugs
are Little John Connors he got a phone
call twice the first time I was like
wait what was
that and his ringtone was babe babe babe
and I was like looking around is like
okay maybe that was just a fluid move
it's a joke and then somebody else
called in the same ringtone I was
frantically trying to grab the camera
just to set the camera up just looking
like you guys hear it but I failed I
failed but I'm telling you the story now
so I mix up right babe oh no the power
went out on the traffic lights this is
always so scared because people you know
it's really funny as people don't really
know how to work a four-way stop let
alone know when the power is off so i
gotta i gotta go focus well I didn't die
that's good actually gone through an
intersection where person in front of me
was going and the person going from the
left was going and yeah they had a
little t-bone action right there I was
kind of scary because it happened right
in front of me Oh 105 degrees oh that's
ridiculous this is Florida today's tree
have to be one of those days okay have
you ever had a day that um has been so
bad that it just makes you laugh like it
hasn't been bad in the sense of like
horrible things just like frustrating
things like for example the pest guy
member the exterminator was supposed to
come around look 12 4 11 he didn't show
up until like three so I couldn't do all
my errands until then so yeah whatever
inconvenience so then I go to mail out
some of the shirts that you guys ordered
I get to the oh by the way the power
went out to UM while i was editing and
my computer broke so that's one thing
too and then i go to the post office and
get to the front of the line i put my
stuff down they go uh yeah we don't take
credit cards right now the power's out
oh ok so i have to go all the way down
to main tallahassee downtown tallahassee
maybe another 15 minutes that I mailed
everything out when I got to them forgot
my keys I had to go back go out and get
it whatever and then I get home the fish
tanks not working because the power went
out so I have to go buy a new fish tank
and it's only four o'clock in the
afternoon still be an inch out five
o'clock will be an interesting rest of
the day I mean I don't want to complain
because it's stupid things these are
like the stupidest there's more
inconveniences versus like making a day
bad but it's just like all these
inconveniences keep happening and it
always happens at the same time it's not
like one thing or the other it's like
BAM let me throw everything so don't
want to complain I just thought it was
funny cuz i'm pretty sure you guys can
relate to one of those one of those days
that's part where that staying comes
from just having one of those days i
never understood it until now one of
those days it i need a pancake
watch okay seriously top today's watch a
bunch of like ninja zombies come and
just like hijack my car right now and
then i can submit it to world's greatest
funniest home videos cuz i'll record it
i have a camera and then we'll win ten
thousand dollars and hopefully meet Bob
Saget no he doesn't do it anymore side
of their guy that's right nevermind
scratch that plan nope no ninjas zombies
come after me I digress we're going to
go shopping for a fish tank see if you
stay positive good things will happen
Ali just called as i was in line with
the fish tank and said she got it
working whoo didn't have to buy another
fish tank so i got the dogs some tasty
treat because look at it they have
chocolate chip i'm gonna eat these i'm
gonna eat these in the car before ever
you get home you know what this is anti
Zoe but breath this is what those goofy
ears
okay you deserve it now Hey Oh at by the
way Ali did fix it no I already told
them I don't know if you say positive
things will work out I just love it at
the Marley's just sitting there
like listening to you stinky candle
store picking the perfect candle is like
the most tedious process ever do i watch
spiced pumpkin pomegranate cider autumn
wreath what's wrong oh I feel I feel so
stupid I'm just like taking these out
going teenage mutant ninja turtles
awesome they still have cool stuff do
you guys remember in the nineties when
feet hurt no it was a pizza or Papa
John's
it was pizza and they had the piece of
the square rectangular it was called a
Bigfoot oh nice name
oh the 90s rocks now pizzas are boring
in around actually she found Nazca my
recording okay hello what's your name
Ashley I what's your name
and giving you to leave a nice comment
for our friend that we just met here she
found us in the mall alright so we're
gonna hop topic and I just want to show
you this Shane your t-shirts here turtle
turtle turtle turtle turtle is this
white hit his tail all right be good I
left dane cook on you can watch some
Dane Cook episodes oh I guess she
doesn't want to watch Dane Cook what is
that second that really a firefly about
it do you like do it that's too much
light you can't see all the lights
turning on I'm magic what should we name
this guy one time I don't know I can't
really tell you a little bit the glove
his name who's like a really big ankle
like a really famous a whole like Moe
Kiefer Sutherland keep her Sunderland
yes that's perfect yeah or like what's
his name the guy who lives in that
Russell Crowe oh yeah I bet at that fish
had the chance unit area phone these are
the guys that have the babies should be
cute for Russell wins these are the guys
that were yeah the orange ones a minute
ma'am babe and then I did I think this
dude is the one that ate everybody see
look I'm looking I'm they're always
together and they're always making
babies they're always making babies
always me baby absent jerk the girl
things are like it go me pickle me
tickle me to hide like she come on here
I don't have any idea what this nursing
home also we never said congratulations
to shade and clothes for the little baby
boy oh my gosh what is it Cheney tart or
tiny tired or Jesus data site
small-time babytard to princess hard
likes little tart Kenny tard has like a
really nice alliteration that's true
somebody said tardy tards so it was late
you look like you wanted a high-five
coming out this is one of the high five
Shay hey daddy what's up he's Charles
Charles shopping with my resume en sí
allí
