yeah ikea stuff delivered you guys are
doing a bad job here yourselves up are
you sniffing the perimeter yeah they all
right somebody was here I have to make
sure okay they're gone all right well he
doesn't care she just wants food so it
looks like this camera has bit the dust
look what happens when I turn into tried
to turn on it literally just turned on
I'll hit the power button does this the
lens I dropped the last night well it
was working i imported all the footage
oh I'm gonna check one more thing what's
the status report are we good are we
good it like the annoying little private
that comes in like hey hey can I do
anything can I help can I hope good
guard dogs good guard dogs at least I
got the footage off of it yesterday
before you know it died rest in peace
little camera you lasted what six months
geez how many cameras have we broke this
year or in the past year and a half on
these vlogs this one's still runnin know
what I'm shaking tell me camera all
right you ready time to build the IKEA
stuff oh that you look confused all
right this is gonna be fun like glue
you're gonna get hurt okay mattress
moved ok I'll pakka let me put this on
your back and you can carry it but those
time this how long do you think this is
going to take us we have this two
nightstands and a dresser and then the
show the dresser we got assemble drawers
this is the Jews this is the beautiful
thing about a mykia it's super cheap
because you have to put the
together and I don't like the read
directions let's do this I love these
little I kid is
oh he's so funny saying don't do it
alone this is like don't put it on a
hard floor ugh I don't know what to do
call like yeah hey what else I love the
this so simple this bed better be Mike
Marley proof I think she's too tall
though this is the only thing that's
gonna hold his bed together really wood
planks Wow actually that's kind of scary
that the wood yeah the only thing
holding it are you screwing that would
look at you can't get under there huh
remember kids always finished with your
hands oh geez was that too much that was
too much took it to the wrong level I
don't think she can fit I think it's
officially Marley proof my proof okay
almost done so you're doing good job
thanks who if we find out Marley's
underneath the bed what he built the
thing it's looking good did you start
out the this is all the walk space we
have i remembers your small go you can
do it no I'm all the way LOL away we're
flipping it no you're right wait now
time for the other things and that way i
think so tom was what time to me sir I
don't even remember now what do we do
with these things oh we're having a race
yes who can build the bookshelves
clicker we have equal parts yeah already
forfeit
whoo oh I'm sorry what was it was that
race what was the race about wonderful
well you already messed up and I did it
right these are my favorite types of
screws but once they get in it's like
impossible to get him out I kept my
phone I suppose that's why I said you
get to build your nights and 95 I get to
be a condescending a whole because he's
a odori to read directions I can
build a thousand years thank you i love
you now i won't be a condescending a
whole hey how do you get around like how
i suppose if this out haha look who won
look who on look what happened what do
you mean they're completely different
and I win your drawers an upside-down
 you already lost all right it was a
good competition any day now that's it
there's a lip on that son of a bitch so
what did I do wrong oh I'm confused did
you win or did I way I didn't put it on
the tracks so you got you one by
technicality which it which is everyone
knows it's not that's not a true that's
not true victory what we did find out
though actually both kind of lost we
have to take the bed apart because we
have to attach it to the back of the bed
so we both lost come on Joey come out of
closet come on she seriously she keeps
looking at me she doesn't want to come
out yea though you're out of the closet
so far so good we just got to do the
dresser we have that next over there if
anyone needs a box spring we don't need
it anymore the king size plus mouth wins
yeah there are cute twins but yeah looks
pretty awesome good day good idea day
now we're to go see the movie get him to
the greek everyone was telling me to go
see that guy think p diddy's in it so
we're gonna go check that out excuse me
okay so we just got a fur collar and
took off twirl hey ready she's hopping
huh good girl okay cool hair oh oh right
that's kind of a twirl hey Toro alright
so hopefully this movie is awesome did
you uh are you sneaking stuff yeah are
you packing stuff what are you sneaking
sweeps gummy bears we're gonna go see
this movie right here this movie but the
things are supposed to be awesome oh
yeah that's not you can speak to us at
all so what you think do you like it all
right much better than what no just
gonna say it was much better than I
actually thought it would be Ali I
looked over and I had tears look from
laughter what part duty Oh actually you
know what
Sean Sean Combs Puff Daddy honestly um p
diddy puffy whatever whatever he is
actually um he was probably the funny
one of the funniest characters oh so
yeah what did you guys think of that
movie well your pimples your opinion
please thumbs up three there are no very
harsh of movies like that and I think it
was really good now that we had a nice
little break it's a back to ya we got
okay so we have a problem Ali's a quick
thinking no I wouldn't complain you I'd
him I put the wrong screw in the hole
that's what she says maybe cuz i dont
know cuz it doesn't make sense Oh God
this one doesn't room to be done Ellie
look at me okay she's using the onion
goggles but she got success she got one
out after watching today's vlog you're
probably think you're like rethinking
the whole ikea thing it's super cheap
but you have to build everything
although it's kind of fun like we were
just talking about it's like connects or
always the other thing you were talking
about the thing tractors a record second
no those yeah those are equal look
there's nothing down there at the moment
of truth you guys ready to see check it
out oh oh nevermind jolla and done 10
hours later so we got this bed down we
got this awesome floating shelf and then
we got this awesome dresser awesome
curtains and yeah we're still gonna do
that thing but then yeah what your stink
you didn't bring your jobs now time to
relax Oh Marley you look like such a
nerd in glasses they should make like
they do have dog loves don't they oh
okay fine Joe Satriani outfit let you
take it off don't eat them he's Charles
Charles Trippy with myleeza Rihanna's
fiance alley
decision
