good morning children of the corn that
doesn't make sense just sounded right
anyway
I'm making french toast let's not break
the french toast
you know what in my nearly 21 years on
this earth I don't think I've ever made
french toast maybe just right
I haven't eaten it mm-hmm
let's see oh thank you success she wants
me I would say that you know her being
over here means that it's so delicious
that it's successful but she just wants
anything no I'm thinking about hanging
some more curtains in it but what I'm
thinking about hanging some more
curtains possibly the curtains we just
took out of our bedroom I was going to
talk to you about that but now I'm just
a little distracted by this are you
kidding me I just walked in here and
you're laying like that is that
comfortable don't like your tail don't
buy your tail flip there's a toy in the
road we're gonna go save him drove right
by him and I didn't even see it he was
any other lane and somebody stopped but
they didn't get out and help him so
we're gonna go back and say them if he's
already if you still know it maybe he's
out by now I hope so
the great American turtle rescue good
job you awesome citizen of the turtle
loving world was really crazy the turtle
made it past like all that dough made it
across four lanes in order to get where
the middle of the last lane that's
Whitney was gonna get hit that what a
sucks like yeah yeah car dance stop
good job man
I don't know who you are waiting but
you're good I think I think when you
rescue a turtle off a road your karma
goes up so much though okay I went to
school out on Clark Road like almost
near Myakka and there are huge Turtles
out there and people just fly down that
road like 70 80 miles an hour so one day
I was driving and I saw a turtle and it
was so big I almost like couldn't like
move it by myself
it was a huge turtle kept doing it kept
doing like the like the turtles like the
arm slide where it would slide is a
rattle on its shell and it would like
scratch the crap on campus we're going
to we're gonna go see a movie called I
forgot what is the stuff shutter island'
yes this really doesn't want to see it
he's gay I'm not scared
I just you know I would rather go watch
dirty get him to the Greek I just had an
argument apparently I like stupid movies
which is true I do like comedies though
yeah do it you don't have balls to hurt
so get to running jump let's go run and
do it you have to run into it
you have no balls that potentially harm
that's true
the thing about those bills is that it's
always rooted in okay
so you got one of those pretty it's
always ready to hit those things but
they're so violent like if there's not
somebody there you know at one time but
then you feel bad for hitting okay that
tastes like hot chocolate if you just
put ice in it yeah it's amazing frozen
chocolate man FSU's got a pretty sweet
theater for students it's free for
students to attend Mushroomhead
their party
there's some on the lens they're going
on a ghost tour around FSU
I don't know what that means but that's
what they doing all right you see that
light how it turned off that one's on
that one's on now and Ally claims every
time she walks by certain polls light
poles they just turn off and that
actually disproves years I think I have
a plate in my head
no one it's like a meeting magnetic
pulses that no one has ever told me it's
really funny she never wanted to tell
you all the lighting here is like Spain
everything so we just watched shutter
island' it was okay no wasn't the
greatest movie I can't really talk about
the movie because I don't give it
anything away but it's worth it's worth
seeing I saw here they saw it for free
so it's worth seeing actually no wasn't
scary some parts actually Leonardo
DiCaprio looked like Brad Pitt because
you notice that he look like Brad Pitt
and inglourious basterds oh well you saw
some previews like okay well go see the
movie and then side side with me cuz
she's wrong it's like a Busta Rhymes
music video dangerous so dangerous am I
the only one that thinks that's funny I
was laughing to myself and I was like I
have to vlog this I have to see if
somebody else thought it was funny
the family gets it Ali so Dave 404 was
getting 404 you get it
you don't get a deer okay you get it I
thought I still don't know what that toy
is I still have no idea what that thing
is I'm going through all these old
t-shirts and I found a bunch of shirts I
want to show you guys I don't see here
where are they
here's the first one this one is I don't
even a hole how old this was I think we
only made like 20 of these t-shirts for
my old video up we got that one that was
like one of the first t-shirts what else
what else you remember this t-shirt this
is actually my favorite one we actually
made underwear actually worth where
those see we made boy short underwear a
long time ago what else what else what
else what else oh you want to see more
like all-time favorite shirts or I'll
show you that all-time favorite shirt
right here there's a classic all right
what else what else what else what else
oh there's another one I have a got my
shirts we've made in the past
there's the ruffle what else said it
what are we missing
we're missing stuff without the burrito
and I think this one's the Nerds so how
many shirts is that that's a lot over
the course of five years four years oh
and then we have this one that we might
make eventually right there the turtle
CTFxC one all right well I got to get
back to how he needs me to keep doing
this so I gotta focus you guys I have to
focus on things check this out this is
Jays one of Jays first t-shirts he gave
me a long time ago
this made me look fat look at this horse
but guys look at this giant horse on the
stand look at its teeth it's a big horse
look at it it's a huge horse that's a
big horse
he's Charles Charles Trippy with my
leader Rihanna's fiance Ali you can
watch my channel we need a decision from
the internet television
