made it
United to adventure Island what should
we do we should go on a water sign or
two how about you
we haven't been here honestly in frickin
years I don't think I can remember the
last time I was here this is crazy it's
so small when we were kids it was like
so gigantic gonna be so fun I don't know
I haven't been here at least 15 or 20
years so everything just seems the same
- it looks like a break braided like
hair tie or a ponytail and this is where
the Tampa Typhon used to be Ali's uncle
fell off like literally got shot off and
landing on one of these palm trees I
know it sounds like a sound creaking I
know it sounds like a wives younger but
here so they took it down the slide yeah
and the fun part is that's not a lie
it's so freaky shallow everything feels
so much although we're going to try this
guy definitely feel like this is one of
those places that seem bigger and cooler
when you're a dick
I mean at the end of the day it's
bringing a free water park so you can't
complain too much
it feels so much for younger people like
that like wasn't aquatic or like the
river whatever it's called believe the
river is leaked over our shoulders it's
so much faster I don't know whatever I'm
cooling down it's like 98 degrees you
know like that boy Ben I would just
didn't pop around that was Matt I don't
you go dizzy
yeah I kept pulling off me I don't I was
so dark I don't even know if you guys
could see anything but I just thought I
could hear everything totally goes
drowning to it shock of that one it was
super fast for a first couple seconds it
was like cool and then all of a sudden
to start popping you around but I did we
do oh okay never mind how he beat me I'm
still just oriented I only know what's
going on water sorry by going down all
right
I'm genuinely genuinely busy right now
the wave pool either I was super young
or that used to be super high the one at
Aquatica was super high there's two here
now there's two there oh yeah there was
a kiddy one that's true again I'm not
going to complain because it's a free
water trip we should get something just
flow down this you want this actually
seems faster than the actual leave the
river I'll give them this this is a cool
little little way to get to the M well I
would call it a roller coaster the water
over to a waterslide that's where over
the course everything is wet though you
can imagine slipping at school though I
like it I'm going to make sure you're
high enough we're definitely going to
come back in a week there no not anyone
remember I feel like I'm complaining a
lot I really don't mean to I just I was
really really hoping that something our
childhood was still like cool like
watching a movie
oh yeah me awareness is not an ad for
petaca but okay great
I'll be actually real it'll care I was
helping people not because of that
sohow debut son our new monitor be
seamless on that service or construction
if you can see is all and but I guess
we'll find out once the most ironic
thing
giraffes is dead so it all feels at the
water park was dead grass my the only
one who prints that
that was a classic one I really love
that one I've never been on my well
between those two I like inner tube one
thank you I think my favorite ones over
the inner tubes just I feel like no
matter white boy um I got sliders and
all these like crazy for customers it's
gonna hurt and they're always dark yeah
that was pretty doctor is fun the best
one I think we ever did member with
Danny we went to the Disney one and we
all what I liked it all got out I like
to want to be with you when we read out
bring in the water part and work oh that
was remember that one yeah I was working
on our stomach or something well they
let us remember the one I did when I
just discovered it I think was like
dunder mifflin where's that out of the
office granted when it was in Scranton
and I was just like kind of going around
and I found that one random one and they
let me pretty much they're fans of the
band and looks pretty much do whatever I
freaking want to do that was I think my
favorite water park ever did but that
one was cool to the Disney one was kind
of fun because when Danny and I kind of
jumped out of the number two inner tube
and the goal was to get back in the
inner tube before we got in trouble
which way well either way or that way
this was cooler cooler it's much cooler
literally and figuratively
even a fine job they're bad you know
fine job that last ride I think it was
called the Colossus that last ride was a
colossal honestly one of the most fun
ride that I've done in a very long time
it's gone it's like really unpredictable
I almost fell backwards reduce but
you're supposed to have
which is which let's do all we don't
want to do that one want to do this one
over the course of going to be thing to
brides are the best one I feel like they
need to be doing this okay
because I feel like two driver designed
for obviously not to have a body so they
are more rough and faster I love them
leave back door bless our dragon we
decided for the line is a little bit
better now
oh you got a little water the line is a
lot better here on that philosoph so
we're definitely going to be doing it
again
well relieved it was just so much fun
you ready you ready
good morning
I think that's a way to end it I can't
that was airtight great look at the boss
okay I'll hold hands on the way there is
no way I would do that you want to do
that last one are you good you're good
my stomach thanks I'm doubtful that one
was the best one though it was a lot of
fun and the best part is that it was
essentially free because we already had
our ticket back it was the best you know
at first I felt like we were complaining
because the rides was kind of built for
younger people which kind of was I felt
like that last one was like them trying
to change that whole thing but I mean
for a waterpark that was actually a lot
of fun and for the fact that's like
super close or a house
Chris Chris Chris I feel like I'm on
board right now and now comes the rain
yeah
by the way guys Ali finished the wedding
photo video yesterday I guess I don't
know yesterday we've been watching it
today
maybe yesterday sorry I got a little
confused that happens a lot when I do
these videos I don't know sure the
wedding photo video is now live she
spent a long time doing that going
through all the photos because there was
roughly 600 and some photos she wanted
to break it down and really had picked
some of the best one because the ones
that we both liked because there were so
many wasn't love like I was everywhere
but then you guys wanted that really it
would like seriously how many piles of
my bags now well the thing is like we
had them all in the timeline and we
noticed it was like 20 or 30 minutes
away now we can't do that that's way too
long at any rate if you want to go check
that out guys
the links on the description or just
look at our videos and our channels and
you'll find it actually I should say
thank you for dinner for watching yeah
the point we should say thank you to you
thank you for watching the video
Ella and I were planning on going out
downtown st. Pete to see that so cold
senators raining as you guys can see and
here at least we're going to least go up
eat but now it got worse so we're just
kind of hanging out ordering some
takeout protecting the dogs because
they're freaking out I don't know
where's Ellie when she ran away she's
heard of your legs is though everyone's
freaking out so here's that good news I
was talking to you guys about a couple
days ago I think was at the end of last
year we made a CTFxC emoji app for the
iPhone where's like stickers emojis that
were all cartoon Erised curtain rod
there are awesome little cartoons that
we made available on the iPhone there
was a sticker pack and a gift keyboard
when we released it we had to obviously
charge because we had to pay programmers
and artists but now that we can't did
all that I'm able to make the app free
if you go to the CTN XC app calm you can
download the CTFxC emoji app for free
what we're doing is I decided to make it
what's called donation where and what
that means is that if you go that
website you can donate anything that you
want a dollar five dollars two dollars
whatever you want to do you don't have
to you can do through PayPal
no the cash app all of that money or
whatever the donations are will go right
back into the app and then that way we
can keep making more emojis for the app
I thought by doing a donation where it
would be a lot more fun than actually
unfortunately charging for something and
for all of you guys who bought the app
at the beginning I have to say thank you
so much because I had an idea but I had
no skills to make it possible so I had
to hire all these programmers obviously
an artist to draw things because I can't
draw so thank you guys - about at the
beginning really meant a lot because
this was an idea that I had I thought it
would be really cool and I got
sidetracked go to the CTFxC app calm
guys you don't have to donate it's a
free app I'm giving it to you guys for
free hopefully if we get enough going
with the whole situation with the
donation where I'm going to try my
hardest to figure out how to do the
Android like I said I don't know how to
program any of this stuff so we have to
get more programmers I don't know what
I'm doing basically and I wanted to do
it for free for you guys that way it's
on as many phones as possible and as
many people can actually be using it
because I just wanted to make it
possible the app is free no matter what
if you feel like donating to it that's
totally cool and we would 100%
appreciate it and all that would just go
back to programming more stuff and
drawing more emojis because I want to
keep releasing more emojis and sack we
just released an update yesterday with
four more emojis and five more stickers
my one of my favorite stickers is when
you go into the sticker pack you'll see
it it's one of those loading screens the
reason why we did the loading screen is
like you know when you text somebody and
they take forever to respond so you can
use that as a sticker being like come on
hurry up I'm just waiting for you I
thought it'd be kind of funny I hope you
guys loved it as much as we love making
it I'm gonna go watch a movie with Allie
and just kind of chill because it's
rainy night love you guys have a great
night bye
you
