okay so this is route Kurt Kurt towns so
this gas station is obviously you know
God but look at the price for 15
remember when gas was that that
expensive back in the day well do you
remember anyway when gas was for fifteen
two years ago or this is incredibly
zoomed a haircut time now I know I got
rid of the beard and now time to get rid
of the hair sorry just shave my head
around you whiny brat look how cute you
look you look so adorable uh guy named
Taylor sent this where is he from
Wisconsin I don't know I don't think I
can try that
that looks pretty gross mushroom ketchup
well you got there dog face get some
ketchup
alright ha get it they pitched a tent
he's pitching it he's pitching a tent
oh no she's pitching his tent oh I love
inappropriate jokes so we decided to go
to
yeah we decided to go to the park
because that'd be the best place to
start practicing photography and from
geography bus is really nice out - all
heaping okay don't look at this
don't scream though what is it nothing
there's a freaking spider or a snake
where's that oh that is so gross
sitting it on video Nenana start I think
okay gross it's a honeysuckle and you
take the little green part right down
here and you see the good Sun and hold
on oh they're so good okay
wait no I'm still new on this okay pull
the green part and then you pull and
watch the pistol this middle one whoa
that's crazy
how there's suddenly this so it's pure
honey I mean sugar
a lot of freaking bugs here aren't there
 I break it broke it what do you
guys think should we started vlogging on
this baby what are you guys think down
there the qualities are so awesome
compared to the other camera but it's so
bulky what about if I vlog like this can
dave and see me on the screen if I've
logged it oh wait I can hit this button
right here I think
oh that would be a problem I wouldn't be
able to focus and stuff there you go
okay there we go I'm in focus getting
another one why it kills it I'm gonna
kill our oh well yeah
it's so much work just to keep
everything in focus and everything okay
okay so you just pull it yeah I just
broke it keep going keep going there's
nothing there that's disconnected this
no no you gotta gotta put pinch the
bottom with your fingers so good pinch
it and pull until you see a little green
thing moving I'm not doing this right
good break the bottom oh I got okay guys
go Popo Oh hole takes a little droplet
come out soon as you see a little
droplet you need it eat it
Oh go suck on it that's it
no go isn't put in your mouth now sucker
bottom in the flower flower now I
noticed have done this wrong
all right I was gonna get me a Oh scared
me
you having fun there I'll do it for you
okay yeah cuz I obviously can't do it
what turn around and I'll help you focus
on your face already
yeah
what smell
I must be missing something you don't
hate I don't taste anything more
honeysuckle no I saw I just didn't taste
it here let me hold on what are you
doing dog face you're still eating that
so can you so can you guys tell the
difference between the cameras yeah I
have like five space for five or more
videos
we ordered a 32 gigabyte card for this
thing so right now we only have a four
so I can't use it very often so I'm
gonna have some vlog the rest of the day
on here but that was a taste of how
awesome this thing would be if every
vlogger had a SD or 5d tomorrow Mari
Tamar I did stop just as I got the
camera out there was like a bunch of
bubbles just coming out like there was a
gator hey turtle forty-eight thousand
miles
it's gonna be good luck to see that rate
when it rolled over and let's just pan
over here oh no gasps all right so I
ordered probably the coolest shirt you
guys will ever see in your lifetime
I'm prepare yourself prepare yourself
ready do you guys get it ah you get it
detector you know like it's like you
know with the gun and the robots but
then like the Internet yeah then like a
surgeon can you guys hear all those
crickets
there's so many tonight so Daniel Ali's
cousin totally got me hooked on this new
drink it's just by um what's this
seltzer water guys called it's like very
very like you know like fancy it's like
Pellegrino San Pellegrino or something
like that and they have a drink called
lemonade or limonada Lebanon uh
basically it's just sparkling water with
like lemon juice and for some reason
it's like crack to me but the thing is
just like crack you can't find it
anywhere unless you're well I guess you
can't find crack a lot easier than you
can find lemon odda but
decisions decisions do i do sloppy joes
or tacos sloppy joes or tacos I'm gonna
try these
have you guys ever had these it's tofu
crumbles I'm sorry basically it's like a
beef or meat substitute it looks like me
I'm gonna see what this tastes like
though a little nervous a little nervous
I can't make a decision it's like the
same food do I want to put it on a bun
or do a home to put on a burrito thing
look what's on Netflix please tell me
you know that show well just told you
the name what happened to Nickelodeon
they just do not have those awesome
Barako Rugrats Hey Arnold
angry beavers it's just what is it now
is like icarly no no offense icarly but
there's no good cartoons anymore
SpongeBob's okay but I mean that's still
I still claim that on our generation
what cartoons are awesome amongst
hipster kids I don't know I made a
little bit oh looks so weird smells oh
it smells so good all right moment of
truth let's try this
ha other than that really good
surprisingly Wow
I'm thoroughly impressed what are you
doing you playing with your ketchup poke
poke poke poke poke look at you being
all domesticated
yeah well domestic well what know what
you its domestic all right okay never
mind I always try good job and I just
insulted I'm gonna just walk over here
okay enjoy the bed you don't pee on
anything no you brought it back to me
thank you
your domesticated like nerdy I'm kidding
don't mind me I am just going to stand
on top of you for just a moment yeah
just ignore me
are you good wow you're really
dominating her right now aren't you all
for a ketchup bottle she's such a bitch
isn't she no what no I'm gonna intervene
you get this no oh you get this thank
you I see why people are always
wondering why we're filming you it's
because you guys are idiots sometimes
but you're pretty cute artists just
imagine when we have kids we're gonna
have kids that are probably gonna be as
crazy as Allie not me not me at all and
rambunctious dogs these Charles Charles
Charles camping with my lazuli and his
fancy Ally
you
