good morning guys today's today yes
possibly the new iPhone so I just woke
up by just at my alarm because today is
WWDC if you don't know what that is
congratulations you're not a nerd oh
yeah if you've been following our vlogs
for the past year year and a half you'll
know that every time a police is
something I'm always refreshing webpages
cuz they don't do live streaming thing
so this is what we did last year when
they announced the new iPhone we got to
do it again
what are your anticipations are they
gonna do the little thing I really
really want like I said last year's I
want videoconferencing I want a camera
on the front and back and I want HD
video that'd be so cool
and to prove my nerdiness okay check it
out see here my first iPhone ok my
second iPhone my third iPhone and
hopefully my fourth yeah I collect all
the iPods too okay this is the very
first iPod ever the all big that is
look how huge that is that's compared to
an iPhone here let me show you compared
to the old iPhone okay isn't it funny I
know I just kicked up my nerd factor
quite a bit
I'm also editing um Ally's new little
she has a little mini series where she
does bit basically she does um different
internet challenges so if you guys have
any more internet challenges she did
three for her channel youtube.com slash
out she did the Saltine challenge right
here which has already been uploaded so
if you're watching this now it's already
up on her channel and then she did the
cinnamon challenge and the bread
challenge so if you have any more
challenges go over and let her know
because she wants to do as many of those
little Internet I don't know you'd call
those what do you call them like there I
just called me Internet challenges but
internet urban legend shout like pop
rocks and soda or something I don't put
a bit of bad news
upon clicking on footage I've noticed
right there and I'll zoom in right there
there's a dead pixel on our brand new
camera
I know so here it is you might not see
it it's right there but no he's just you
know a play around I'll play the video
see it doesn't move and I thought it
would be dust but it's not dust I've
already cleaned the lens I've already
done everything Corey mr. Safety's
already helped me yeah that's uh that's
problem first thing I have to say who
still plays farmville we don't need this
on the iPhone who still plays this Oh
everyone's saying hi
that's long enough what oh it is long
enough
Allie was just yelling because she said
the curtains weren't long enough and I
said hey what what the words have been
waiting to hear okay so let's let's take
some bets Internet over there on blogtv
land do you think there will be a
front-facing camera we're gonna see if
there's going to be one yes yes and do
you think there's going to be a chat for
the iPhone everyone's saying yes oh no
skipper fingers crossed all the rumors
were correct so far the design is
awesome and it looks like a front-facing
camera haha
are you guys having nerdgasm 'he's right
Shopaholic all the nerdgasm x' front
camera such an idiot
so apparently Apple made their own
iMovie but I'm trying to download it
it's not even approved do you guys see
it okay so they're having Wi-Fi issues
and he's asking everyone to turn off
their live streams right now look at
this if you want to see the demos
there's no way to do it set him on the
floor this is getting really awkward wow
they're really making everyone put their
computers down alright so he still
hasn't said anything about the
front-facing camera doing video but
we're on the one more thing and he's
making everyone turn Wi-Fi off again
good okay so we do have video calling I
know I'm a total dweeb but I would have
to say that's the first time I've ever
watched any of those like keynote Apple
keynotes and I have never been sorely
disappointed that had
thing that I want the iPhone to have you
excited for the new iPhone I know she's
that what are you doing here putting up
the IKEA thing good job
that's looking good that's looking
pretty good good pretty damn awesome any
guys with me on this I have no idea what
any of this means
moisturizing scent pink Rosa but pink
bio is the same thing as roses in
Spanish everybody exfoliating or is that
either help that was actually one of my
first rings ever was that dented and
let's be honest all that old LG phones
the picture-phone member the first
Verizon phone so we have to take back
mister 7d because there's a dead pixel
or a hot pixel whatever you want sexy
pixel pixel yeah so we gotta take it
back
that's the second time you turn the
alarm on so it looks like Ali stepped in
gum this time I'll find you blockbuster
we just went to exchange
values anger if you guys have the whole
online blockbuster thing I stopped doing
Netflix a long time ago because they let
you do that whole in-store exchange like
you rent a movie you're like oh I want
to go watch your movie you take your
little envelope and get one in there
apparently they just stopped doing that
yeah
so that's total news for loose to me it
must have happened in the past week
maybe we can have a 31st here if I calm
I think Viacom actually owns Blockbuster
so it makes sense do you need a little
Asian helper I feel like that's almost
racist okay quick pull who's actually
going to VidCon July what is it July 7th
is anyone going cuz Ali and I are
definitely going so we will be hanging
or Oh someone's calling me oh it's my
little sister so you're trying to upload
your video and it was a xylan to do it
your YouTube noobs still aren't you you
didn't export the video she's still a
Youtube new but she's learning she's
learning actually this video the one
she's uploading tonight or slashed
tomorrow is actually the first one she's
ever edited completely by herself so
make sure you go give her some major
props on that one
ladies thinks I'm crazy talking to
myself
I want you to do a big jump ready jump
whoa that was pretty good one more jump
jump whoa you can do the twirl
okay deserve oh geez all right so those
are all yours okay don't give me that
look you even have your own platypus see
there's no I've had that thing for years
is boring it's ridiculous how much you
like that little Kawai you know it's
really funny to think about you know in
the like Marling's oh you do the squeaky
squeaky so he pulls the eyes out you're
like oh that's so cute but just think
that's like their animal instinct to try
to kill the thing like well we know
Marley's not like oh I like the squeak
noise she's like oh I want to eat you
actually likes your mouth that's good oh
my god my favorite actor ever john c
reilly AKA dr. steve brule is on Jon
Stewart
holy crap do you know what I just
realized not only does the iPhone the
new iPhone come out June 24th way is
June 24th doing something 24th something
that the new Futurama
oh he's stoked yes right he's Charles
Charles Trippy with more lazuli and his
fiancee Allie
