okay so um good morning everyone and
this is how we begin the morning with a
Saltine challenge so if you are not
subscribed to Ali's channel you can
become such a li you might want to go
over there after the end of this video
and watch them fail at the Saltine
challenge it's like the Sahara in my
mouth so yeah good morning Jeff Goldblum
Jeff Goldblum Jeff Goldblum we're also
gonna shoot for Ali's channel the
cinnamon challenge sees I does milk
challenge oh they wanted to double up me
right now down this idea I've ever had
yeah so I hope you're looking everything
on this check this camera right here
sorry about that my battery died so
we're gonna shoot the milk challenge
who's doing it now Oh cinnamon challenge
I'm sorry who's gonna do the the
cinnamon challenge that's all you should
do oh you should do the milk challenge
yeah alright so who's doing it who's
doing the cinnamon challenge Jesus
you're doing it alright Justin you doing
it no no Ali doing it Dennis okay Lauren
alright so it's you get you guys right
here it's a very exciting morning it is
now 2 a.m. yeah if you are not
subscribed to Ali's channel you might
want to do that for the internet myths
and if you have any other like little
things little challenges that you want
Ali to try like the Saltine challenge
and the cinema channels that she just
said she's not gonna do the milk
challenge she's lactose intolerant so
she's not gonna do that one any other
ones let us know in the comments
otherwise go to Ali's channel and I wash
that after today's video vide-o-o-o-o
the basketball player
Oh No sparkly yes carlsberg so yeah PETA
brother oh I likes motional sorry so I'm
gonna go recording on this you guys got
to go on Ali's channel it's all teens on
it oh there we go good morning guys so
I'm talking with Corey right now and
he's teaching me how to use the camera
because I'm still a noob so over here
with my camera talking okay you gotta do
this yes so go go to cory's channel and
say thanks for helping because otherwise
we're good this is going to take a lot
longer than than normal yeah and Ali's
eating saltines okay time to get this
stupid thing off my face was you have a
headache yeah before we get rid of this
I want you guys to call this I want you
guys to name this what do you want to
call it what the this big knot out of
the beard your stuff broken heart pulp
white hulk brogan hold brogan like
that's nice bro I want you guys that
name it let me know in the comments what
we should call this which thick right
here it's got little chin strap I don't
know the whole program I i keeping
protein-protein now time to get rid of
it fine I don't know what I'm going to
do this the pedophile this is this is
called the creepy k penis the creep
stash yeah I can't do something yeah
looks cuz your hair is not like joining
there we go oh my god that's weird you
know the mustache
benefits of a mustache when you drink
what you can save your drink for later
that's the benefits of a mustache I can
see the rent I God now filming on this
camera looks terrible nose oh yeah see
you couldn't see it before you can see
that there were pedo stash what let's
see I'm good although you can kind of
like see a little bit where I key
obviously like a like a razor and then
like a shaver right here yeah so we're
heading back Tallahassee ally has five
hours to figure out her camera smile
internet smile camera fail
and what's smiling
any day now okay everyone 123 smile this
morning I mr. safety SMP films on
YouTube good friend of ours skype me for
like two hours explaining everything on
the camera so I have to try to teach
Ally all the things he taught me it's
pretty cool this camera is really off
we're gonna go say bye to my parents go
say happy birthday to my sister because
today is due and six so therefore is my
sister's birthday we're gonna go say
happy birthday then head back to
Tallahassee so are you feeling dude feel
much better yeah the Internet oh you
just lick them gave them a kiss hey
Tyson how you feeling buddy how you
feeling dude oh they go McDonald's
drive-through and there's a cow sitting
here in the mcdonalds drive that just
seems kind of screw the mcdonalds super
fresh yeah well so we are now a quarter
of the way home I'm falling asleep I
need some coffee or something good girls
Ali had to pee so she's peeing at
mcdonalds coz I spy the cleanest place
on the highway cuz breast tops as you
guys know are a fear of mine I really
fear but they're kind of strange they're
strange that's where all the crap on the
road come together literally where
rivers when this was the only game on
cell phones snake I was like over a time
a simple time before you can play tony
hawk pro skater
need for speed on your cell phone you
could only play pong and snake best
games ever this is the apple commercial
for the first one like four years ago
right this is what the iphone captain
speaking a which iphone four point oh
they released it tomorrow or they
announced it good Amish hommage music
fourth Oh Hamish Hamish music yeah
recognize this song so save and Orbis
kwara it's from the Apple video that
ball i pod I pull hot wasn't I peple at
Potter my iphone yeah yeah the Apple
iPhone by Apple we did like three years
ago or of a square I said we could use
that song so this is actually the song
we use for that wow it's been like three
years almost four years this way to that
video whoo home sweet home the dogs are
hungry they haven't eaten all day okay
now to get everything back to normal
since we haven't been here in like
frickin month a lot of breath I should
blog with him however oh really Pleasure
Chest her was she doing well he was just
kidding ferocious was only that is a
baby fish oh my we came home and one of
our fish died this is by horribly sad
over here the miracle whole life look a
baby fish I cannot even believe it i was
looking in the tank and i was like what
the hell is that and so I've never ever
had a fish be born in one of your first
ever I'm a little guy move around
oh it's so precious no think your name
is Herbert Herbert Herbie that's too
much like her I wonder what fish it is I
don't know there's another little baby
how many are there oh my hey guys now
that today's vlog is over why don't you
mosey on over to youtube.com slash alley
and watch Ali's little three-part series
on internet challenges today's challenge
the saltine cracker 62nd challenge go
watch the video leave her some little
suggestions on one of their challenges
and we'll see you tomorrow these Charles
Charles camping with more leisurely and
his fiance Ali you can watch my channel
what are you in decision for the
internet
hey guys now that the vlog is over make
sure to go over my move on Bob lassie I
screw up the game don't worry there's
our videos this audio
