so it is june six so I'm gonna take
gillette fusion proglide challenge so a
couple weeks ago we made a video where I
would declare that I wouldn't shave my
scruffy scruffy awesome but awesome
beard until today because Gillette's a
new fusion proglide razor hit stores um
today so I went and I picked this up and
we're gonna what is this hydrogen fusion
scrub oh my gosh its thermal fish cup um
means it's awesome so in that video i
asked you guys you know what I should
you know shave on my face today and
today is the day that I do it I'll get
to my word let's check this out yeah
Thermal face scrub we got fusion
hydrogel and the fusion proglide with a
battery it's awesome let's do this
montage style montage all right let's
sear it warms as you scrub your face
that's cool Deb in my face with some
water so I can share my face and not
look like a homeless man that's actually
kind of cool looking whoa actually he's
getting hot wow that is what that
legitimately he's getting warm dad is
awesome I row shows grow it in it don't
eat it kids I put it all over your face
good now he rinsed hydrogel time
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
it is he sorry guys it's my stash gotta
get everything
it's nothing he's gonna kill just wanted
to say thank you to all the CTFxC
members who pledged to shave with me
today I'm jun 6 CTFxC for the win
brother I also wanted to say thank you
to Gillette for hosting such an awesome
contest for you guys so seriously go get
the new gillette fusion proglide in
stores today so you might be thinking
yourself trolls what mixes Reds are so
special i will tell you internet it's
got five blades the thinner it's even
got one of those little ones back there
you know guys know I'm talking about and
check this out whoa I keep going to it
just like a bug delight mm-hmm share my
face a deal let it go get the
destitution it's with sort of the
montage how's it looking looking good
yet wow this actually is really smooth
oh this is gonna be awesome guys
recognizing it yet famous musicians uh
hairstyle famous fake musician I should
say alright one last look they're
already here we go Oh can anyone guess
the musician's I'm gonna dump this the
spinal tap that's what we're gonna call
this time to show Ali look at my face
are you concerned hi Zoe you like my
face yeah alright well let me go get a
line out oh my god but it would I miss
the spot oh honey it's free it's silky
smooth but I don't know about the ladies
action with that like Zoe well looks
like my god true my aunt huh hi
she's speechless are you really gonna go
around I after at least one day it kinda
it's like it's like almost a Hulkamania
and a spinal tap the same time oh
brother awesome all right it's time to
start smooth shave ever to go he has to
go somewhere like I don't know somewhere
in where a lot of like a light bar fit
perfectly in a bike so more I think I
look like a wrestler I i went to go
brush my teeth and then I was like you
know brushing in the second I looked up
I was like oh yeah that's on my face
still so what do you think he's awesome
you like it should I keep it oh yeah
baby I feel like up I look like almost
like the guy from N Sync to
what's-his-name I care little do for men
singing Oh Rovers name I so tear toto oh
no yeah I don't know how I think the
speed limits like 20 miles per hour
three air three years yeah no it's a
neighborhood it's 20 I think
neighborhoods 20 driving fail I lay that
cars only
we're in SUV's a car really nervous
about going in public
she's getting lazier and lazier she
discovered the laziness of Ben doodle
make your kick can she swim herself
little boogie boarder Zoe Zoe oh good
jobs oh oh she's like a little sea
monster go barley Jesus look what hey go
Marley Marley whoo bail good job Marley
yeah she does have pretty good balance
we are now at best buy we are going to
look at the 70 I brought Ali and Daniel
this time to see if we should get the
five years 7d I was just on the phone
with Corey for another like 20 minutes
as he tries to explain the differences
and I don't understand them you kept it
in your head Cameras Cameras Cameras
Cameras Cameras Cameras Cameras Cameras
where's the cameras that's nice two
settings I don't
I guarantee she will learn how to use
this thing before I will so we got it we
are now in the SLR revolution how
parents oh we want to say hi to Taylor
I'm sorry dude we were actually in the
middle of buying it so bad we were gonna
get you in the vlog and stuff you you
came in said hi left really quick we
didn't get a picture and I was like what
yeah so everyone say hi to tailor in the
comments um but yeah hailey were douchey
and I am I'm sorry you had to see me
with this I actually thought no one
would see I know I thought I really
honestly thought no one would see me
with a stupid case and the guy who
actually sold us um the camera said I
look like a drummer or a wrestler no
thanks Joel I should like do some
suspects this is Ali's a really early
birthday gift I her birthdays at 251 wow
that's like a novel that's Ally's a pre
Ally's birthday isn't for another two
months right right really early early
birthday guests your presence no it's
yours oh yeah it is mine Julliard no
it's hers look at Ali try to put the
lens on I'm nervous be confident be
confident had to like do this so quickly
so that nothing gets in the lens hello
are you really watching the battery
charge she's watching it blink your tick
euless I also wanted to show you this is
a diagram I'm reading and I'm just
liking the fact that they show a penguin
as their thing they're trying to record
tomorrow we're going tomorrow we're
gonna actually try to film our vlog
entirely on this video camera actually
the digital camera we're gonna try to
film it for all the people asking this
is a canon 7d so we're gonna try to film
on this and this is a cannon what is
this 780 is and you guys are gonna be
able to see the difference um so yeah
we're gonna try to do that tomorrow
though we'll see how that happens cuz i
think it's huge Oh should I hit your
entire family okay actually I should
check in i think i'm the mayor here
so we're going to VidCon and July and
then Corey said he's going to teach us
but basically everything to do with this
camera so we're not so so much she needs
cause right now we're just a bunch of
noobs we can't even figure out how to do
that like give it a live feed on the
screen or we don't even know how to
playback videos we're just recording but
I trust me when I promise you guys we
will eventually be really good at this
that's uh that's a camera fail right
there okay I don't know guys I think we
might have a problem doing a blog you
know tomorrow with this thing we're
still having some issues it's actually
fun I haven't added like a device like
an electronic device where I've been
completely stumped until now can I love
it it's like always mining like new
things on your cell phone halle-loo
concentration
they're thinking a video for Ali's
channel right now
didn't say use pepper you said do it
with pepper deal with 00 kind of oops
we're gonna try it with pepper this time
you can do it out oh it's just a month
cuz you're using so much oh no oh I
don't know that was good oh just do it
on the table without anything
these are the handicap shakers oh oh no
I'm blinking red you can do with pepper
and salt now it's pretty impressive
she's gonna do it with one green of
souls lost it can you do it Wow beat
that internet say okay where are human
tower so should I get on top of everyone
right now yeah I think Justin would go
no I go bad I feel bad everyone looks
like a smurf in this video right now all
right let's go film your video do it we
got rid of them we got rid of all dude
how bad would it be if your foot slips
on finding a safe car wait those running
oh I phone so many times on these like I
guess how you fell no I don't talk on
purpose like that all right okay where
yeah why is everything blue oh I my
manual white balance oh there's some
little I'm white I can do that there we
go totally fixed it's a freaking itchy
should I keep it another day he's
Charles Charles shipping with Marley's
oen is fancy Ali come on shut up what
are your decision from the internet
I
