so scared me Hickey so we are going my
dears scared me anyway we're going to go
find we're on our way to go look for
venues for reception and wedding here's
one potential place the giant mansion on
the water so we're gonna check this
place out see if it's any good
just kidding we bought this house just
imagine living in this thing I mean yeah
what's that thing right there it's
pretty cool you kind of forget this is
in Sarasota
there's the water around here yeah
breaking some rules but alright so cool
that is cool and then you could like go
up here and I could be like you could
say stuff like Romeo Romeo Romeo are
these this as a stage and look at that
it's right on the water this is
definitely a potential place I don't
know though I don't know there's gonna
be a long process this year alright
let's check this place out
sounds woody some great craftsmanship
right here 20 isn't the Great Depression
time so why a lot of the country was
losing their money they had really
wealthy people building houses still oh
yeah there was a guy right there built
in 1929 really any built this house so
back in 1929 when this thing was built
it cost or how much three hundred and
fifty thousand dollars in 1929 what
would that be now in 2010 with inflation
does anyone know let me let me know in
the comments cuz that's crazy
okay so that was the first place and
we're gonna have to note this know
summer wedding that's for sure it's
gonna either be fall or winter for this
place or spring what is the average
temperature in spring for Florida does
anyone know and then tell me the average
temperature and the fall and the average
temperature and winter well place number
twos clothes even though it says it's
open till 6:00 oh look his wieners
showing like you're standing there I'm
standing there and then David's right
there with his penis right there and say
is it really
that's that's weird he's looking for his
nuts oh wow he just he buried himself at
squirrels awesome all right so this is
the grounds of the another one we're
considering this is so what do you think
should we get married and fall a 2010 or
spring of 2011 I think fall of 2010 it
might be a little bit cooler huh we
could do it we can do it in the Rose
Garden oh that little thing creeped me
out my god let's go look at it
Oh creepy I just measured it talked more
tools so I'm assuming it would be like
right here in the center and then people
would be all trickled through everything
around yeah take the matrix that's
awesome indeed which back then oh you
know actually you know the people who
own this were you know like Ringling
Brothers Barnum Barnum and Bailey Circus
John John Ringling actually own this
house John and Mabel Mabel there's
David's butt
there's another place they really like
to do sculptures with capes and then
wieners hang like you have a cape just
cover it dude this is a cool core little
courtyard here Wow
I don't know this place is pretty cool
though it's like a Roman Colosseum that
is cool though but I see London I see
France I see David Venus I do not know
that story
remember in Spain like the the
sculptures they had that one dudes like
pooping on everyone that walked by do
you think they have like one of those
here was this somebody's house their
guest house awesome
that is she will nurse them and I think
rimas was supposed to be like king or
something and then Romulus killed him
and that's why Rome is club room because
it's Romulus huh so he's mooning the
internet right now I know that's crazy
you guys wanna hear something really
cool right let's go Rico's pizza right
here in Sarasota great around that
corner actually this bar wasn't here
this is where my old van suspense
thriller and we the King we played shows
here all the time
back in the day yeah we used to play
shows with we the kings here today
Thursday that is a pizza because pizzas
like the best pizza ever
you're looking for a random garage sale
garage good looking fun of the way a
garage
alright that's not the right number oh
that's a good girl
hello little rabbit should be like dog
rabbit chasing dog rabbit chasing dog
that I came through it as quickly as
possible
that's a weird mailbox speaking of weird
mailboxes have you ever noticed like in
a lot of daily restricted communities
where you can't have like I don't know
you have to have your your yard trimmed
that's one of three paint colors but you
they never have like the rule against
weird mailboxes for example I know this
um like upscale yep hmm whatever
restricted community and you have to
have like you know your car in the
garage you can't have a car out at night
you grass can't be longer than this but
you can have those tacky like dolphin
mailboxes like holding them in oh yeah
that's totally okay but no no candidate
car can't have a car in the driveway I
think the weirdest mailbox I've ever
seen was a dragon no joke a dragon full
tail and everything and in its mouth
with fire was it was a like a mailbox
shaped like fire and that's that was the
weirdest one I've ever seen they get
really strange sometimes you have a
dingleberry on your butt you get it here
come on let's go let's go get it it's
funny though show off his amazing
upper-body strength yeah that would be
bad pause yes you do the hooks go in the
front the label at the label
no that could have been bad I'm not
gonna let go of the bar you understate
that what are you supposed to do confuse
if you follow you're bussing on your
head so be careful thank you get down
don't want to call anybody ambulance
why is there an Indian here
is it a random in Indiana Napoli's
yeah actually I'm I'm sure what you're
supposed to do
dude bro lag with these dozen now Layton
I'm probably screen right now oh my
phone
I was freaking her out did I scare you
so we are getting ready to watch the
movie I turn the light on we're getting
ready to watch some of you as Paranal
Paranormal Activity really I'm a big fan
I could just save me from any ghost than
they appear so we're gonna we're gonna
watch the scary scary movie and it's
probably really stupid I know it's
probably like Blair Witch times negative
okay we're showing my mom a really scary
picture from 4chan I mean it's just a
still photo yeah did you read it
now do what she did to me Justin no
don't don't make me jump it's not gonna
make you jump you're gonna you're gonna
like cry when you see it though picture
it's just a photo it's not like what
it's not really gonna jump out yeah I
don't like it did you look inside the
circle yes did you look around the rest
of the picture yes McCarter no no
because I've seen him the entire time
dude this is like the scariest thing
I've ever seen in my fucking life could
you imagine being in this basement and
seeing that face come around the clock
um so if you guys were wondering what
happened to yesterday's vlog
apparently YouTube had some sort of like
publishing error where I guess it didn't
get to your subscription box so after
this video I'll put a little link
I guess I'll put it here but if I forget
it's here it'll be at the end of the
video where you can make sure to go
watch yesterday's video and we went to
Ikea and basically declared that Sweden
is awesome and there's pretty much
nothing that you can't buy at IKEA so
make sure to go check out yesterday's
vlog if you didn't get to see it in your
subscription box sorry about that
YouTube error rest assured though we
didn't miss a day it was on the server
they're looking at fortune
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley Zoe and his fiancee Ally
indecision
