jersey
he's having it
I do
I'd shut up
we're going to ikea
this is wearing me with a time was
buried
crazy oh ok uh we have made it to ikea
town it's so big she said like like a
wiener
you don't know what I would just want to
live in ikea that'd be so cool okay
there's our light everyone asking where
we get those lights behind our TV it's
at ikea see right there right there whoo
Swedish meatballs great is this another
section okay seriously when we buy our
house this is what its gonna look like
okay yeah we came here one day we came
here I'll long time ago and we came for
just a walk it was the best five this is
such a 50s style thing oh you don't like
you know I like we seriously need to buy
a house i just want like the thing is i
can't i can't pick and choose like a
like an i just would I want to go and
just be like okay this room looks cool
we'll take the whole room but I was like
no no I like this lamp but I don't like
that I can't do that I don't have that
skill what do you think guys will get
this that and that seeks by the whole
room because I don't like to do anything
oh we could give these curtains to and
lamps and TV and a toilet and a loofah
we should dress Daniel up right now they
have like a holic who wears suede suede
dress pants nice
write it down all right it's like a
little troll hole I'm I'm gonna totally
solve this kids they have nothing on me
wait is that right yeah that's right
looks like a lot of people jacked him I
feel like this was here that goes there
then we're missing we're missing a bunch
of pieces kids stole oh well this is
what every cafeteria should look like
this is awesome I've got some dingle
berry juice
thinking varies but he's like
cranberries I'm like that lingonberry
also not a single berry juice you can
eat some of Sweden's balls horrible
horrible horrible this will you just
meatballs what it would some cute make a
little kid pretty good balls you're like
Sweden's meaty balls yeah
Dannel of sweden's meaty balls right
down the internets dirty all you dirty
internet is ok now time for the toughest
part in ikea getting out of here we can
never find out how to get out of here I
just follow the arrows that are gone now
hey whoa dude that's awesome we could
probably go the whole way oh my god all
right so this is this is if you've never
been ikea um once you write down the
numbers you have to come to the
self-service warehouse and uh there's no
having problems over there look it's
like so massive poop and then we gotta
go to the store and I gotta go pick up
an ipad for the ipad winner you find it
whoo 60 all right Thank You mr. thing so
now we have to race me we have to get to
the mall and wow we have to get there by
nine with getting nsw gestures I've had
yeah we have to go get a NSW's gestures
for winning the ipad 2 content I what he
wanted to say ipod touch with the ipad
con oh I can't speak I'm just I'm so
excited so I would have temporarily had
possession of an ipad you're not opening
I know I want to Zola and it's w gesture
can I open it just for a little bit kind
of play with it just a little so bad
yeah dude though so we gonna have we got
a race and see if we can make it the
what aurorus what's have reverse I
robbers I'll use my skipper filling your
face oh noes cookie from across the map
you noob all right we made it to the
mall we have 10 minutes 10 minutes
bubble start up before it off it's not
far at all we're gonna make it we have
10 minutes
okay George this doesn't fight this
little kid walking by itself yeah there
it is were made it we're good he's like
now you won't window you you don't want
I still want one we did you post that on
Twitter victory actually that was the
last one yeah that was a very last one
yeah so that contest is now in the bag
no I really wanted and it says something
like your your booties talking shit or
something like that have you heard of
the song pretty bad it's Daniel favorite
song I'm in love with your booty what is
going on are they looking for somebody
the lights are out Oh wondering what was
going on oh I was yeah why is he talking
to this dude though I was like one of
those chicks away Oh Doug bad time bug
spray me down look it's the Frog from
last night it's Fred the Frog oh well if
I can jump on me watch Frank the Frog
really yeah there's one again oh I'm
afraid to jump on me hey Frank hey old
possum days pretty haggard he probably
rip my face off phyto possum yeah he's
looking at me
you gotta end the day with a Slurpee
that's how you end the day yummy hello
Ryder oldies Owen just in case you
wanted the new usher you can get it at
7-eleven along with lowrider oldies burn
hot dog look at the boiling the dragger
and she's gonna win I like how there's
two guns i should clarify guys those
aren't real guns / BB she wants to go to
bed hey where are you numbskull hey are
you doing oh it's just you guys he's
Charles Charles shipping with Marley
Zoey and his fiance Ali you can watch my
channel ready in decision for the
internet
