are you making a mess Marley do you like
it Marley you're crazy and nuts you ever
hear just Sonnen yeah little easy on you
guys are funny let's jump hey are you so
proud of your little girl yeah really
good cat Zoey you drama queen me go bike
riding look at my to go she's beating
you this is like the coolest bike ever
it's the California light it's like a
like a beach cruiser but it's like a BMX
at the same time so he's a little pissed
off that I'm riding a bike and she's
having a run now are you willing poo
probably totally Rolly Rolly Rolly Rolly
Rolly God Marley you're not you are so
cute she's really tired so she just
decided to lay down she tried laying
down on this step and she kept laying
down like oh my head's in order
everyone's falling asleep you know the
typical thing where you eat too much and
be attired to fall so kind of like this
Thanksgiving syndrome I'm a little bored
so I am going to go get Ally's birthday
present a little early
she's wanted a SLR camera for a very
long time and coincidentally so did I so
I'm going to get a canon SD we're gonna
get one of those awesome canon 7d
cameras takes awesome photos and and
takes awesome videos so you must see a
nice production bump and I've inequality
on the Charles Trippy channel ali
channel this channel still be the this
cannon will stay that's for me the sand
because this is portable but yeah I'm
excited I've ever bought a really really
nice camera so all right where are you
mr. God there they are well that was a
bit of a fail mission right there they
don't have it in stock so that means
have to go all the way to Sarasota or I
have to wait and everyone you guys know
me I can't wait see the thing is I can't
make up my mind either between the
panasonic gh1 oh I think that's what
raywilliamjohnson uses and then the 7d
which is what mystery guitar man uses I
don't know do you have a preference when
watching the videos can you tell the
difference do you like the gh1
raywilliamjohnson already like mystery
guitar man the 70 tell me in the
comments maybe that will help me make my
decision because I am like flip-flopping
her here I'm pulling at John Kerry whoa
political reference or charlie Crist for
your Floridians to close i'm so
impatient oh i do that okay breathe
feeling when you finally you finally
make up a decision right and then you go
to the store whether it's you know we're
buying something or if it's doing
something but it looks pretty sing it
for example you're buying something
you're flipping between two things you
finally make that decision you go and
then you're like oh well I well this
one's good too and then you're back to
square one I'm so bad when it comes to
this and if Ali wasn't sleeping I could
she would just be like that one just
because it's pretty and then that would
make up my mind because it's just pretty
factor okay so they're not waking up oh
damn you're lucky you're lucky
it's the same spider he's coming to
haunt me back to munchies
oh yeah is that gonna be you Daniel you
gonna do that how about you can Daniel
later see the thing is I can't find the
dude from man vs food on here have you
looked yeah look last night I couldn't
find it funny this is like a joker yeah
I don't think I'm gonna do that anything
to get the sign a waiver to eat
challenge you Daniel you have to do it
you've been challenged you know what I
double dog dare you fire in the hole
this thing this challenge I hear there's
too many people that looks like it look
like they've lost the hottest buffalo
wings ever apparently this is the thing
right here and it's the very top of the
superhero
god Danielle you're too young get kicked
out apparently um i guess if you're
under 18 you can't be in there after ten
I think Dannel mourad up a good point it
might be because you're allowed to smoke
in there and like people under 18 are a
lot of bars like oh I guess that's true
I don't know oh well mmm delicious and
not nutritious at all fried twinkie
action right now even still looks like a
Twinkie what does that mean I mean it's
in the same shape sounds like breaded
and like a ball or something like that
cheesecake was yeah it's in the back
behind the thing and it's written in
sharpie it's pretty sketchy dude I would
just go behind the dumpster to be
completely honest unless you have to go
yeah okay
all right wink you good oh my god we
said that is so negative so before I go
to bed I was looking on Twitter and my
friend Brendan I'm actually posted this
look at this this is a sinkhole in
guatemala let me go to macro so you can
see it alright so this is a sinkhole
this is a real photo that just happened
yesterday look at that well I mean it's
today is yesterday for people watching
the videos she's Daniel get with the
program but yeah what do you guys think
about this isn't that crazy doesn't it
look fake Wow just google for Guatemala
City sinkhole and you'll see it so I
just want you to see you guys thoughts
that just looks so insane to me did you
get in trouble more oh no and she's off
he's Charles Charles Trippy with Marley
Zoe and his fiance Ali you can watch my
channel ready in decision from the
internet
