don't question why I have five million
of them because I got told to be and I
love black t-shirts
how many all of them Sally its finishing
up the wedding photo video which should
be live right after this video it may
have gone on before this video but at
any rate if you guys want to go see the
wedding photo video I'll put a link into
the top of description you go check it
out or a link somewhere in that little
eye as many winning who are wife as
possible when I control my vision
there's like six hundred photos so she's
taking out some of her favorite ones and
then we get to show you guys rather than
Julie kind of like a like a boring like
Facebook album or something like this we
wanted to make it move well I mean just
to show everybody here those were for
family and friends this would be more
fun to show you guys in the way that we
are you'll we live on the Internet is
about time we get the stupid thing fixed
I want to go do this why Ali is
finishing up that wedding photo video
because there's a lot of photos that
she's putting a lot time love it I don't
have the patience for that but you make
in there
I'm tryin to be all fancy and a few some
strawberries blueberries into water wow
you're so cool combat jumpy you are well
we saw this for a wedding registry
figure to be kind of well we didn't put
it on our wedding registry actual I mean
the place where we got a wedding room
yeah there was like a tea that's
actually relatively cheap I think
there's a whole thing's like 15 or 20
dollars or 13 bucks yeah you feel it
like partially up as water that's it I
thought I oh I think the only did see
how that's good
I'm pretty positive because you want
there to be like flavoring in there I'm
bada-bing bada-boom you stick it in the
fridge and then you're gonna go ahead
and you're gonna make some strawberry
blueberry water it smells good in here
if you put a blueberry in champagne will
go down I'm not really sure how many
times you've told me that it's cool I
did a long time ago knows fascinated so
everybody is I'm pretty positive
everybody I'm kidding I love you you're
cute thank you thank you
zoe has been walking around all freakin
I might be exaggerating all morning and
afternoon that normal
just walking around because you go just
all day that thing has just been stuck
in our mouth I know it's probably stupid
for everybody watches though it works I
don't care how dumb that sounds to put
in the video I'm pretty happy out
certain R and obviously it was 97
degrees now starting to rain we could
watch ha ha look it's working and it
does this very much what it's this what
was broken and well fixed - so crazy
with the thought she cuz she's small
doesn't mean she has to wear everything
abhi horses
call the police need the police what we
do want to boring rainy day we just
dress Marlee up as Ali I love this
Western I tried palace wishes geez a
mocha latte would you like some local
chocolate they this it comes after years
and years of just messing with I'm I
have no idea how she's still like that
what are you doing to our class everyone
get your screen grabs ready create a
heart I say yeah you actually did really
good
let me see the top of you you know the
worst part though is you're blinded the
bat yeah but those are those aren't my
classes others that are just like
sunglasses now those are my rain glasses
that I meant to get actually a precision
Marly you just got screamed glad like
crazy hi
I completely forgot look like Duncan
sent me an email I just this next week a
couple days actually we are heading to
London for the slam dunk Music Festival
which will be we the kings
there's so many bands actually I'm
looking forward to we did a couple years
ago and it was so much fun we I did it
what we headlines with All American
Rejects was freaking hilariously fun
they're funny guys
Duncan just sent me our manifest luckily
he sent this because otherwise I
wouldn't be getting into London I got my
passport ready as well so we are set for
London
knock on wood knock on my head knock on
wood we should be good we don't usually
get to see a lot of you know the east
side of YouTube usually it's always you
know the Americas and maybe Candida we
haven't been to Mexico and done like a
meet-up but usually we kind of stay in
the United States unless we the Kings
does a tour in Europe like a few years
ago I don't know if you guys remember we
did that huge like tour in Europe with
Simple Plan and I got to meet a lot of
you guys that I normally would never
meet because it's so expensive to come
to VidCon and all those ones over here
in the States so I'm really looking
forward to meeting a lot of you guys on
the other side of the world so it should
be fun so make sure to come to slam dunk
Music Festival don't really know the
date but just look it up and try to get
tickets we're going to be on things
we're headlining the monster the monster
stage it's gonna be more fun I love that
slam dunk be successful last time I did
like I said it was so much fun oh and
also I don't want to tell you guys I
have a special thing coming in two days
it has to deal with we the kings and
that's all I'm going to say I'm really
really excited about that at least asad
getting wet like okay Clark you
shouldn't come out here if you're scared
sometimes this is really nice just come
out and just listen to the rain it can
be kind of relaxing especially if you've
got a hectic there now which today was
kind of hectic unfortunately so far
getting ready to travel or I mean I've
said this a million one time to blog it
just it takes a lot out of it because I
hate leaving Allie Zoe well
go read it so much together end up
missing everybody so much
still as I'm getting ready for all these
things I kind of just get I don't want
to take the press but I kind of get a
little sad thinking I'm going to be gone
but the good news is right after the UK
tour or the mini tour the festival of
flying all the way over to Hawaii
so basically play the three or four
festival date we're flying
six hours so I think that was back then
another six hours of California then
another six hours the Hawaii for a show
and then were in Hawaii for a week so
the promoter is putting up all the the
guys with wives and girlfriends in
Hawaii all paid expenses for one whole
week so it's kind of like a mini
honeymoon I think Ali and I are going to
kind of utilize that while we try to
figure out where we really want to go so
that's gonna be kind of nice and then in
June we have another trip for taking and
we have big time a lot of traveling and
don't we make you feel quick
for Maximus scared anymore as you can
see Marley's sleeping oh come on
sorry gets accepted it's leaking up
there I mean this whole area is full of
freakin leaves
how about a same with my favorite thing
to do other than playing like board
games with you know random is it's not
listen to the room circling on the 50
was one of the best things we ever did
them solemn fellow if he was been
watching long enough when he bought this
house a couple years ago this was all
open he's like really crappy command
take down there
so we decided that this would be a
really good investment there eventually
did the rock if you guys remember a
couple years ago it wasn't got
nice-looking it was just a lava country
and this is honestly one of the
additions we've done to the house I'm
doing rambling right now but I wanted to
talk close together-like keep my brain
going cook and think it contains the
second assault brain develop I'm getting
got a pigpen rating for a while I don't
know if you guys do too popped in my
head
have you ever thought like way back in
the day cavemen like primitive primitive
human beings like when they saw rain
coming from the sky let alone thunder or
lightning coming through the sky how
creepy that could have been no pun
intended
how tricky that could have been for the
first time so it's been like walking by
like George and then all the sorry
that's all cavemen are named George and
all of a sudden rain destroyed coming
from the sky out of nowhere and then the
lightning came down and that Thunder
probably would have been really kind of
like freaky no no these are kind of like
our thought but I'm just going to happen
right now I can't be the only one that
thinks of these three bad thing
or am I I got that one and now I got
this one
I was out to get kicked off my own seat
all the same patient well I spend my
money on the same in black t-shirt this
edition there what's an infused water no
I'm engaged within it nice way or did I
you did smells so good it smells good
but it didn't taste like what I was
hoping for
what smell it I think it's good but I
think it needs like uh-oh
don't drink it you can smell all you
want I have five million of them why do
I have five million of them don't
question why I have five million of them
because I got Excel to be and I love
black t-shirt how many all of them
what's my favorite shirt black what's my
favorite thing about my t-shirt I'll
tell us back to that she's making fun of
me right now because I had to put
everything away my half about 4 million
nope just kidding
5 million no it's because I put all my
clothes away and I took all the hangers
so Ally's me all of my wife come hang up
on my black pieces which is actually
come from rainy days Ali loses her head
oh my gosh
edited rain coming down right now my
kind of cute stuff deep down there
and doughnuts and eggs I like all of
those I had to go get envelopes because
I don't have an envelope and I started
folding a piece of paper like a
construction paper into an envelope and
I was like let's go get envelope I was
trying to do crafty though you know we
could do since the gangs had a real pool
we should get one of these pools or even
one of those pools as a pump and
everything
this would probably kill every blade of
grass that we just fire in the hole but
it would be so cool I don't know I keep
coming back to this though this is more
difficult to people and under umbrellas
is almost impossible okay let's go are
you singing in the rain
and that's been raining all flippin day
charlie is grabbing the dog food we feel
like on rainy days it was starting so
hard to figure out what to do because
honestly when rainy days come all you
want to do is sit inside watch TV never
get out of your your pajamas you want to
eat food and you want to smell up I
didn't do any of that which is the good
thing we didn't do any of that we were
actually slightly productive but then
you also start low like what the hell do
I feel like what do I really do so we're
just bringing around on a very very non
eventful day and I really hope you're
enjoying yourself so get in job soon and
I'm in the weirdest mood in the world
I've been like non-stop back and forth
working on some stuff for the vlog and
then we were trying to get together that
slideshow and then we were actually
going to light them some music part
because it's not I wanted it to be
something kind of like our wedding video
where we look back at it we were really
happy and excited about how we put
together instead of just like throwing a
bunch of pictures into a timeline and
then putting some music to it so we kind
of wanted it to have a beautiful flow
and excite you guys and excite us so
I've been working on that today and then
we're trying to figure out what we're
doing for the rest of this weekend's
because we're not really sure how the
weather's going to be exciting thing for
me is on Monday I'm going to be changing
my name officially on my license I'm
also going to beginning when you trace
just such like this is such a fun video
I can really tell and charlie is next
Thursday for Europe the following week
I'm actually going to be leaving for
Hawaii and I'm going to be meeting up
with Valentina the boys are going to be
playing and we're just going to this
like big well family get-together why I
am a little bit nervous as many of you
know I did get dinged a fever when I was
in Hawaii it won't actually be on that
specific island but I'm still very
cautious but I don't want that to keep
you from going there because it's such a
beautiful magical place if you guys have
not been and you never have the
opportunity I definitely recommend going
because it is unlike any place I've ever
been to in my entire life it is just
magical Charles text me the weather the
green plant life just everything about
it is just it's just beautiful it's just
people I gotta go pick up my house from
before you freaks out I'm
or about harmony love importance yes
it's some days you're not bored well
that's the thing
I've said this a zillion times and just
think about your everyday life and how
some days are really exciting and then
some days are just not a school and I
mean that's that's the problem that we
have at the CTR XC is because we do this
every single day without without missing
a day without fail I mean I genuinely
live the exciting amazing life
definitely do but at the same time you
know we have boring days and I don't
know what to do just gonna cry a little
bit because of this boring day I don't
wanna call it born but because of this
day I did talking to Frankie and we came
up with this cool random idea that you
might go to work and implement in the
CTFxC emoji app and I really hope I can
do it it's just going to take a little
bit more programming it could be really
interactive if this is possible so if
it's possible we gotta say Thank You
Frankie
once I find out if I can actually do it
I will let you guys know and I will get
you guys in on the whole spirit map
secret and on the whole project so that
way it's kind of your app as well so
we'll see fingers crossed if I can
actually do that
