okay so our boys are playing Modern
Warfare but instead of actually doing
something productive like killing each
other
nice cam set all yours oh yeah oh yeah
look at that we got these massive coffee
drinks and then our drinks I'd like the
whole family's in town right now and
they all want to drink so I just dropped
like 30 bucks at Starbucks holy crap do
you have a problem I think you have a
problem I think the caffeine is going to
our head so today's today we announced
the winner for the iPad and Allie and
Kim over there has been looking through
all your comments trying to find a
winner any any luck so far so by the end
of this video we'll have a winner
hopefully I guess I've been pretty
creative yes sir a lot of Chuck Norris
in there some people who are the most
creative are not from the United States
yes yes yeah that was the sad thing is
that this is this this particular
contest is only for the United States
we're gonna do another one like an
international one but hopefully by the
end of this video we will have a winner
of the iPad
I almost said I'd kind of touch again I
dare to eat one of those I will buy you
a meatless Big Mac if you eat one of
those
do it right now
gotta eat it
they just get pissed off
is it really bad
well that was anti-climatic all right
let's see if Zoe Marley can remember
this stuff Oh Marley doesn't like to
work for her food do it out you have to
show her what to do at the treat sale
wow that was amazing
he's always doing something was always
polling
and she complete the course it's a
miracle
don't do the course
there's no personal big accident there's
like one car well there's not an
accident oh my god
its first how many fire trucks and
ambulances and cops were there to help
that guy to mention the fact that the
only reason there was a traffic jam
because people were freaking hilarious
so we just ran into a fellow CTFxC rat
that shook flare it what the camera out
in time
so they found him so the awesome kid at
chick-fil-a who knows who we are
you're awesome
if she knows that mango tree' if you can
get it hey Internet do you know what
these things are called
I think they look like pigs but I'm not
really sure really want to eat one but I
don't wanna die hey wait that pole kind
of looks like a penis penis pool they're
all having this Tiffany right now oh
wait there's something on the lens like
right here
Hey look at me I got putting a smudge in
your face what is that on the lens sorry
is this troubleshooting the camera we're
at what Beach are we on Longboat Beach
so it's like siesta right looks really
awesome though look at the clouds it's
gonna rain all you landlocked people are
part pretty jealous right now beautiful
look at the sand compared to member
siesta how like fine it was with all the
shells in this one yeah it's a lot more
shells you need shoes you're gonna get
bit by crab monster somebody destroys
little sandcastle
now you don't feel so bad since those
already destroyed oh look it's ribbony
Zoe yep Pynchon who fail fail
he didn't seem too amused so six and
pets in the YouTube comments
look at that sky right now we're
currently walking about two miles to go
get this food who thinks it's gonna rain
on the way back you gotta sing this song
too you got to do the song though yeah
that's that's your mother and that's
your mother back in the game all the
childish games that we play mines boring
where there's a will there's a way
avert misunderstanding by calm poise and
balance so Ali and Dean over there still
looking at the comments I'm to see who
would win the iPad there has been so
many of you guys like they cannot make a
decision so what we're gonna end up
doing we're gonna pick the top ten we're
gonna number them put it put it in a hat
and just draw a number cuz there's no
way we can figure this out well do you
want I guess we can say their names or
something like that
I want to add that extra step out I will
add that extra step for complications
quit begging for ice cream okay pet you
without eating my face I know you're
looking at yourself can i okay okay you
bet my hand Kachin stay in the bathroom
all right so I have no idea where Marley
is this this is the only way can ever
get her to come out you find some cheese
and you just do this
barley
nope there she is there she comes
that's all you wanted was cheese but I
won't give you any cheese I'll give you
a dog treat you can have an ice cube
okay so people don't think I tease you
there you go
that's what I can't find her that's the
only way I can ever find her
when she's tired so we put all the top
ten was attempt top 10 top 15 or the top
15 it was in this ball and Daniel's
gonna pick it I pad do this oh by the
way Ally's not just like newer computers
he's doing a live show okay and the
winner of the iPad touch killed everyone
sick okay the winner is right here on
this paper do you guys want you guys
want to know do you want to know what it
is should I tell you should I tell you
know a lot of you guys are being okay
ready the winner is you can't say that
the username is NSW jester that is the
winner in the US Navy and so W jester
it's gonna have the iPad to share with
the troops I thought it was like what
what now they just like NSW upstairs
that's better so vlog TV we're doing a
spontaneous blog TV they dare me to rip
my shirt because they don't think it can
we're gonna see is this recording so we
should probably coordinates on here so I
can just do it he's Charles Charles
camping with my leader Rihanna's reality
