good morning what why is my card locked
hold on let me start to see him hey
how's it going everyone so we're just at
the post office yeah favorite place with
our favorite people and we're about to
send out the remaining shirts so we will
be completely caught up with that that's
awesome and then we're heading down a
stair set up for a BB q why did they
call it barbecue I understand the bar
part let's put the B in the Q Bar the Q
I don't even know what it would be an
exit before the power wherever we go the
power seems to just reset all their
systems pre-shipping
the rainstorm
it's the cars getting clean I use
drawing it that's a gown oh did you hear
that
or car
I think not exactly a softball size
Nonaka was that Oklahoma where was that
I think so I know
holy shit Gary Coleman just died just
like six minutes ago Gary Coleman died
what oh my god all right so we're just
packing and I looked down I was like
what what is this and then I see this
right here yep yep / the intro to this
the this video
Zoe ripping the eyes off looks kind of
creepy
and you don't care Marley stop barking
at the emo kid outside hey hey stop
barking at the mo kid
we just went over the swanee River
traditions people know about the swanee
River hey you saw you didn't know that
this money River okay back me up on this
one that's a pretty widely known song
maybe I don't know I didn't think so
have you ever wondered why the like dogs
have those little lip thingies little
black things you know they don't like me
you know those are me like what are
those for big easy coming right there
we're gonna drive into the rain
let's not have like it was earlier sorry
can you tell me what those little black
things are on your lips they're very odd
but the other thing is the back you
don't do anything you know what's
impossible to do in a car so I have that
and then the bounciness of the car and
trying to photoshop
yesterday's nut now
all right so getting the thumbnail the
situated I'm going through Ali's photo
iPhoto and check this it let's see if I
can find it
do you think Ali should go back to
blonde hair that that is believe it or
not Ali what do you think she should go
to blonde leave it in the comments maybe
she'll dye your hair I don't know I like
to do I like the style though I like the
hair kinda like like this yeah I'm torn
so what do you think let us know in the
comments should she died her hair blonde
she will do whatever you say upside-down
car hopefully everyone's okay I know
this is like the worst time to just
after it rains
that's why you always have two hands on
the wheel guys when it's raining and
drive the speed limit quit licking your
butt
thank you the traffic Wow people just
like outside and they're talking
accident Parker now George Clooney
George Clooney Jeff Coppola Zach
Galifianakis all right so it's about six
miles back up until it starts back you
know more so what it looks like before
you get to that that sucks
over there so together where you guys
where any of you going north on i-75
yesterday were you stuck in that yeah
just about seven forty seven forty we
were you owe me a coke jinx
y'all bartender hang up over yes so I
don't know if you remember this guy
remember him from last year
he's Danielle saw and his sisters like
somewhere over there so we're gonna
we're gonna go show him some Busch
Gardens action stuff like that but yeah
if you remember he was in the vlog where
everything was black and white and there
was only red I don't know if you
remember that so yeah they're gonna be
here until Saturday so that'll be fun
nope say hi
okay I'm gonna show you this this is our
Zoey when she was five weeks
I think she learned her lesson when she
was little I want to play right there
and I want to walk away oh no no I can't
do that one what are you tired I'm good
you try it too though okay at the same
time we have to go if I can't do it okay
I'm trying okay
it's like you have to like roll it from
your nose up to your forehead I can
never do without dropping it do it I
can't do it it's hard to keep it
touching your face I can't do it I'm
trying okay you got it though you got it
though girl no you're doing your I keep
crying so now I do it I can't do it
try it on your chin though it's the
fucking leg
I was testing it I was really gonna do
it - hammer - my mom and I was gonna ask
him to help me and if he didn't know
what I was doing I was gonna do it to
him you totally didn't know I guess not
go to youtube.com slash iPod killer 3
and that's my cousin Daniel it's this
channel where I upload Tim pony people
on the video games yeah for once in your
life
we're editing her may be allowed to
speak where anything lost this video for
a channel but talk about everyone that
we love go check out youtube.com slash
Mel she if you if you don't know this
already I don't know what you're doing
with your life melissa has a YouTube
channel and saw some so go check it out
it's this lovely lady right here and
this lovely gentleman right and now I'm
done doing shameless plugs
these Charles Charles shipping with my
laser Rihanna's fiance Ali indecision
