what is this le yeah
oh sweet looks like all the merch is
here now we can get these all sent out
to you guys by tomorrow and then down to
Sarasota first thing I got some errands
to run right Zoe in here when the peak
of lairs now that my TPS syndrome thing
whatever this thing is called I don't
know it gets fixed then my
air-conditioned breaks like I know what
I'm talking about with cars
they see right it's a hoodie factory or
a t-shirt factory look at all this
folding little piles empty boxes
everywhere watching you know that's a
weird voting normally when I can't get
Billy to drop stuff like right now I go
trapping and going well that was a pain
the buttocks okay so I got all this
ready because we have to go to Sarasota
because Ali's cousins are coming down I
don't know if you remember Daniel and
Kim from last year when we went to Six
Flags and Busch Gardens
we're gonna go to Busch Gardens again
cuz I haven't been there so long anyway
so we got to go down tomorrow and I have
to get all this done so you guys don't
want to kick my butt so I'm just getting
you guys all your hoodies and all your
shirts and so yeah now I'm hungry now
I'm hungry are you hungry Jeff Goldblum
Jeff Goldblum the fly Peter Gaulke
Peter cocky I swear is always making
friends with flies what are we a dog
there's a little trail and he's doing it
in the shape of a heart
he's done wait do you think he just
pooed on you did he just vomit on you do
you think we just witnessed a
grasshopper poo on me and then a ladybug
vomit that's weird
okay can you guys see those little
stains from his lips he drew half a
heart on me can you see it stains I was
just I was just talking to Ali cuz about
the ladybug wouldn't it be funny if she
kind of pulled one of those uh what was
it Peter Parker things and you turned
into a ladybug well you would have the
power to make people go ah it's a
ladybug would be that would be like them
okay better be what would another stupid
bug but don't they turn into something
else or is it a warrant into our always
armed
beware of the elusive inchworm as he
comes in spy inch time we come here I
always think the movie that really bad
movie what was it called couples retreat
that was a really what did you do Marley
hey Marley what did you do
why aren't you looking at me huh Oh over
here take a look at what this little
Butthead did what's that oh that's a
Miley tooth what's that
oh that's Marlene teeth marks in my
freaking ray-ban song case our kids
don't have dog brains
how many chew toys do you have dog you
know it smells good
how many toys do you get from the
interwebs why you got to chew on my
glasses case you got ten seconds to say
something
okay you're done looks like he got a
squirrel fan here do you like that okay
Marley here
one duck okay one duck a little dinosaur
dude
hey guys all right
thanks Susie yeah it's like it's wobble
of like I sound like I'm drunk but I'm
trying to say it wobble boss I guess
that's not water
oh god no he's gonna eat it so it's like
a robotic and check it out it's a
robotic cockaroach and I guess you put
it down and it goes I love how you have
a simple mind so hey wait go out mine
it's robotic it's like Skynet if I will
take over your words we're in John
Connor where's John Connor
okay so with cheese con service
artificially flavored whatever I can
barely speak English
okay so Ally has been addicted to weed
weeds I started watching the first
season like a couple years ago but then
we got the Netflix thing if you're
following us on blippi you obviously
know that we have an addiction to weeds
but the thing is I wanted to say is this
the theme song right here
the ticky-tacky thing anybody in public
school the schools do you guys remember
how much like ticky tacky was worth to
the kids like if you found like a
teacher who left ticky tacky on the wall
and you are sticky tack or whatever were
to call it it was on the wall that was
valuable that was a valuable asset you
could trade for like I was talking about
the couple of days ago you get stickers
for falling asleep of naps that way you
can trade those for stickers please tell
me that my school wasn't the only
corrupt school that traded ticky tacky
as drugs
because that would be pretty bad a
sticky tack ticky-tacky what do you want
to call it I think it's like a brands
like band-aid or bandage please tell me
I'm not the only one that hoarded ticky
tacky or sticky tack and traded it for
value glass that's like food
maybe my my chocolate milk oh my god
that was the other thing chocolate milk
you know Ali came from a smaller school
see that's the thing like anybody in
public school knows how valuable
chocolate milk was - that was like it's
like you know what is really funny like
think about this kind of stuff kind of
feels like we were in prison
chocolate milk you want to trade your
turkey sandwich I got some sticky tack
you want to trade your smiley face so I
can get like a spongebob they'll weed in
this punch bag because I can have a GI
Joe he's Charles Charles camping with
Marley's Rihanna's fancy Ali you can
watch my shut up Wendy indecision for
the Internet
