mommy so we fucking walking walking
walking walking walking walking walking
one guys doing no stopping Zoe put you
back on the gentle leader she hates the
gentle he or she like rubs her face you
guys know that though Jeff Goldblum Jeff
Goldblum Jeff Goldblum look at that whoo
my car is fixed does it does dance does
little dance talk about myself in the
third person I'm gonna I'm gonna just
stay my voice crack I'm what I just want
to say thank you to you guys because
without you and being so super smart and
Google riffic you guys figured out that
it was the TPS and when I went in there
was like hey look you know I have some
friends I said I have some friends I
have some friends who say that this
they've seen this before and it's called
the throttle positioning sensor or
something like that went in there they
check it BAM it's fixed so I just wanna
say thank you thank you guys you guys
are rock rocking my world right now wait
what is this I guess somebody was test
driving my car was doing the do Zoe p on
the fire hydrant would it be acceptable
if humans beat on fire hat you know what
that stereotype come from like why do
why do cartoons to pick dogs peeing on
fire hydrants I wonder where that sales
have came from oh alright Zoe's chasing
a fly and start playing with the dogs
yeah yeah I'm going what a strange dog
you know there's a bunch of dogs you can
go play with and have to play with a fly
oh you know what it is see what she's
hoping it's jeff goldblum were you
trying to find your pal Jeff Goldblum oh
you got a buddy you make a friend Marley
now don't get my I think they're messing
everything up oh go ahead though he's
actually playing with a dog and of
course Marley's not kill Marley go
got ice on your head get ice on your
head got peas on the head don't call me
a pea head mouth Bruce Lee's on my head
pancakes on my face makes me actually
happy out of shampoo bottles and sit on
my lappy know who is bad guys are those
are strips not M secret check out that
rainbow Adam that's a full rainbow have
you ever wondered like how creepy it was
like back in the day before they
understood like not just like rainbows
like you know I imagine somebody going
outside and first seeing a rainbow by
shitting themselves like for example for
example like Christopher Columbus and
all the other like conquistadors and
sailors and stuff like that where they
thought the the world was flat they
really firmly believe that and yet they
still went on a boat and started sailing
towards it like I don't even know what
you would I guess is like a modern
version would be going to space but what
about the first first is that when I saw
a rainbow I was like oh hey O'Brien I'm
just gonna say I want to go with the
stairs oh hey O'Brien what is what is
that arch with colors Oh a Sullivan if
you follow that Archer color you'll get
gold a leprechaun will be there and he
will grant you three wishes do a dance
for you drunk then I hit every
stereotype there on that one it's fine i
have a friend who's irish you gotta love
when you come out of the store and you
see something like that to your car
before just awesome sometimes uh-uh what
does that mean whoo hot donuts that's
like those that is like the greatest
sign ever when you drive by Christian
this is a bottom saying that circle
thing here I sit when that's lit up you
know that means goodness I forgot about
this we got this a couple weeks ago and
I keep meaning to try it but yesterday
i'ma loser in the sushi I saw it again
okay it's called banana ketchup and I'm
gonna I'm gonna try this all right
where is this even from st. Lucia
whereas st. Lucia that was just a snuff
Oh eyes are watering as the worst thing
I've ever tried in my life okay that is
the most disgusting thing hmm you
couldn't try this you have to try this
you have to try this try it oh it makes
your breath smells so awful so what it's
banana ketchup I'm assuming it's crushed
as a tomato I'm assuming it's crushed
banana really okay do this just look a
little far off you like this Mike it it
almost tastes like what I was like if
barbecue sauce for banana yeah I almost
threw up oh oh you want me to keep it so
before i'm going to bed i'm reading some
of the comments from the deal dash com
giveaway we're giving away an ipad
officially ends saturday so make sure to
put your go-to dealdash.com sign up and
come back here and leave in the comments
your username and why you deserve an
ipad and then saturday Ali's going to go
read through the two videos where you
guys have been leaving the comments so
please you guys I always gonna have a
tough decision I'm glad she's doing it
not me but yeah go to deal dash comm
links
the sub bar and come back to this video
leave your deal dash com user name and
tell us why you deserve a 16 gigabyte
ipad i said iPad touch sauce I'm an iPad
you know the ipad i bet i guess is
technically an ipad so good luck guys
see you tomorrow this is the part of the
video but i usually make out with you
but not today no not today he's going to
he's chalk that was weird Oh Charles
Trippy with Marley Juliana's fancy Ali
you can wash it off with your decision
for the internet
