I sleepy not you delicious thank you
like my crazy here haha so I wake up
early and he stays in bed with these
lazy bums till one o'clock get you
you're falling asleep right now as I'm
talking to you watch your eyes
she's totally passing out while I'm
talking to her
Zoe Zoe so we all give you all the
snacks in the world to keep your eyes
open battle royale get mine oh she stole
it get her yeah yeah yeah oh my gosh do
you want to see what's in this bag
because I just clean the house hey nice
or clean
that is all dog hair this is like
another dog that is flippin disgusting
so girls it's hard to get the bag to
stand up straight you're gross yeah you
smell that smells like your butt doesn't
it
grody have you guys seen this new
moderator thing that a YouTube is like
this new thing where you guys can vote
things like suggestions like for example
I just put on our CTFxC channel if
you're on a video page go to youtube
backups that's CTFxC if you're watching
this on a video page you'll proceed on
the channel anyway I asked where should
we travel this summer and basically you
guys can give suggestions and then
people can like fama top thumb down and
then it kind of sorts the most popular
ones so I'm gonna try to leave this up
if you guys like it and we'll change it
up every couple days so go check it out
leave some suggestions where do you
think we should travel this summer or
tell us in the comments below and yeah I
want to see what this is I was like the
new YouTube gadgets it was I wish some
cool things I think it's available to
everybody Thursday
so we'll see all right we're gonna turn
on doggy cam we're gonna we're gonna lay
a little trap for you though we're gonna
see what you do we're gonna leave this
full glass of water on the table and now
we shouldn't do foo cause she'll
definitely hit I gotta set it up make it
interesting we left a little bit of uh
little little crackers yeah just some
crackers just to see what she does
nobody's gonna eat them all actually
let's do this what's doing time let's do
a bad do you think Marley's gonna get it
immediately immediately or do you think
it's gonna at least take her five
minutes to realize there that tell us in
the comments oh you think she's gonna
immediately take a walk out the door or
like at least like three to five minutes
after that is as soon as she hears the
door locked she's gonna go for it yeah
we'll see see like if I leave food out
and we lock it and then if we wait 30
seconds if she stops eating it we'll
find out I decided
set up two cameras one there and then
one there this is gonna be funny okay
our mission for today is to try to make
sushi so we went to the oriental market
and we're gonna get some seaweed and
sushi wrap roll is it closed they're not
open
they're closed oh I always get really
sad oh look at that
some a-hole just left a gum Thank You
track in your store I'm chewing gum but
I'm not the able I don't want to track
it now this is like the biggest things
I've ever I hate it
okay on a scale of 1 to 10 your P factor
that that's definitely 11 for me we need
something wrong the name
hey somebody was drinking this on off on
my daily booth today this is crazy
these bags are like dog food bags butter
rice all right that's so weird
dried sardines you see their eyes all
right now to find the seaweed can you
not open you know how to do it are you a
virgin ramen oh yeah already yeah one
two yeah I can hear it all I can see the
little ball way and I see that one
tastes so much better than the melon one
really yeah Ali is eating her favorite
it's called Pocky we got it okay you
guys got to see this commercial for this
and see if it makes any sense to you
it's weird yeah anybody who speaks JIT
macro it so you guys can watch it see if
this makes any sense to you guys
what does she say any Japanese people we
mean that we need the dialogue because I
feel like that would understand mom
walks in but what does she say please
translate wonder what Marlee and Zoey
are doing okay I'm sure half the
Internet does this do so I'm looking for
some some t-shirts right and Ali's like
ooh I need to get some what are these
called you guys right here what is that
called out she's like I need to get some
wife beaters and then she clothes and
she cooks oh they're called a shirt and
I just looked at I was like no they're
called wife beaters out that's all my
friends I used to call them
oh I'm sure a lot of you doing it's
totally wrong but I probably would ask
someone that to like excuse me where
your way
it just says like wife beat fruit of the
Loom wife beaters be honest be allies be
be honest internet do you say wife
beaters or do you say a shirts or tank
tops I've never heard a shirt though
that's weird
I've heard tanks not we got for the loom
five wifebeaters
five beats wait the crackers they look
like they're missing you we did it we
set it up don't beat yet in trouble you
got trouble alright so we're just
looking over the footage right now and
it looks like literally every as we were
walking out the door like you could see
her waiting until Zoe barked one last
time and then she jumped on there so
because whoever whoever guessed right
away as we locked the door you get a
thumbs up no she literally Zoe barked
once I remembered this no she worked
several times no but I mean like right
after we locked the door she barked one
time really loudly right at the door
yeah literally on the video as soon as
you hear that bark
yes you so whoever guessed that you're
right it's gonna jump out no keep
opening it it's a freaking fanny pack
hat no you gotta close your ears open
the brim is unfolded up under the new
trend
dude those are sick do you know how many
seek a little kill for that yeah alright
I'm going to attempt to make sushi from
scratch and I don't have sushi rice so I
have to make my own so what well we have
white vinegar wait I'll have sushi
vinegar that's what I meant to say so
that's it that's whatever same thing so
this is gonna be interesting
I'm making my own I guess vinegar or
whatever it's basically vinegar sugar
and salt and you have to do this measure
it so you've got a bring it to a boil
dissolve everything if you have your own
sushi rice actually you know what I'm
not going to tell you guys like I know
what I'm doing because I don't so this
is gonna be like
I'm gonna do our typical cooking vlog
sexting because I have no idea well what
I'm doing and look what else we got okay
couple weeks ago we got this package
from it's a company called miracle
Fruities somebody else sent us in the
box but basically you can eat any sour
food and it makes it like sweet so I'm
gonna try this I have I have pure lemon
and we're gonna see if this actually
works all right so I gotta get one of
them oh shit it's the waiting for it to
dissolve no no I will put it right there
look we made rice all right so it's
fully melted we're waiting for the rice
to cool down and I'm going to take a big
jug of this see about uh I like lemon
those Jesus works holy shit
that's not sour at all really look how
much they can put in here watch buddy
don't know him I don't know if that's
good for you
do all the drinking that much lemon
juice hmm
that's des so you're gonna be so sick
that is so so acidic in your stomach it
tastes like just like candy that is so
crazy
oh yeah find out now miracle fruit ease
you PI can google for them I bet it
would be really cool if you'd like eight
mundos and then drink a bunch of
champagne I better be really sweet
that's unbelievable
all right try eating something normal
like like sometimes strawberries are
better trading a strawberry what about a
pickle oh my god eat a pickle that's so
funny
sometimes he's weird no didn't work for
that
this is sweet but he still tastes a
pickle okay try a strawberry this is so
fun I just hate to make you eat random
yeah all that you do taste the
difference with the pickle Charles is so
excited like need a bright one
like this no like that one rinse it
what's sweet so it just tasted sweet the
show this is actual lemon juice try it
okay you remember that face okay
remember that and when you come back
you're gonna try one of these cool water
in the lemon that is so weird
I'm gonna try and vinegar I'm not gonna
eat it but I'm just gonna stick my
tongue in it okay shit it's not bitter
what does it taste like like candy like
stick your tongue in this now no that is
crazy
no way that's pure vinegar that seems
wrong you're like tricking your brain
that um Wow
those things there's a shit making some
progress now you're the hard part I feel
that it's gonna get stuck because stick
right to that plastic Oh truthiness oh
my god this is gonna be massive
huge what did I do
well we're not trying to win a beauty
contest here but it's sushi see what I
can do now that is what I call a meal
got to top it off with some sake there's
stuff all over the lens so Internet what
do you think is that pretty good for our
first attempt at hand rolls all
vegetarian ucomfy
you're ridiculous Zoe you're ridiculous
all right
so Ali just tried the fruity thing okay
drink some lemon everyone remembers
Ali's face a few hours ago okay you
remember that face it's actually exactly
what you're doing right now isn't that
weird isn't that beard here it's like
you know just put just do it directly is
that weird
she's like saltwater wow I didn't think
it tastes like so didn't work that one
didn't work for you so in conclusion
those things are pretty awesome he's
Charles Charles Trippy with Marley Zoe
and his fiancee Allie
