feels like deja vu again going to the
city hyundai dealership here in
Tallahassee because apparently they
didn't you know they weren't able to see
the fluctuation even though they had it
for a week and hundreds of thousands of
you guys have seen it but they still
claim that it's not doing it so I'm
gonna go leave it for a couple more days
and hopefully get fixed and get fixed it
get fixed it's gonna get fixed
it's really bad the car is like jolting
forward I want to like hit this dude in
the chevy chevrolet gonna go bomb you
shiver Lou I told ever got to put the
utter and on not really a story there i
just thought i'd share it cuz it'll be
interesting 10 years you know from now
when i'm looking at these videos i'll be
like what's a weird dealer that day I
don't know what I'm talking about listen
Versace that's pretty good i like the
ramos want okay yeah those look really
good yeah see oh ya Oh oui these ones
are they're so light though we figure
after how many months of the new place
we moved in yeah october i think we've
moved in october or november no no yeah
yeah so we figured now would be a good
time to get some furniture so yeah you
know just take six months to get settled
in I hate furniture shopping do the
thing is when you buy any bed stuff we
have to make sure Marley can't fit under
there she can fit under that no she
can't she can't get under that one that
this bed is Marley proof want one of
these from an office I could be like
chrome proof I'm working here / off and
then you could have one of these things
where you like open it and like a gun
pops out you know like the like the
spies because every businessman knows
that he'll just be getting drunk on jack
daniels and not working she just be like
yeah you know I'm just gonna edit the
videos what I'm gonna get kicked out for
drinking fake Jack Daniel
what would you do if you saw a per
customer we're doing that in your story
even here come party cuz we're gonna get
jumped haha this one's pretty sweet and
it's Marlee proof I like this one I vote
for bunk beds yeah Big E rain it was
beautiful out actually it was a
beautiful is really freaking hot all
right go go I was like wait why isn't
that raining here we have the tree so
teaching Marley out of jello good girl
Miley oh that was awesome she's doing it
we're gonna see it so he can do it Zoe's
got a little hip problem stick come here
Marley hey okay yeah hey Joe she did it
even though she has bad him wait no
these are dandy lions yeah they are love
these things
thanks to the internet I now know what
these things are called
fuck nugget I just did that to myself
with my with my nail oh that was your
nail yeah spider right I be really fun
to get like a what are those leaf
blowers and just do it then can't do it
look got something for you is it a snake
what aah whoa what is that Oh is tickles
ha well you can touch it you don't even
care oh there goes did he jump on you
I'm back the a jump on me I didn't make
him anything you just kind of win see
I'm not that wind behind I like
grasshoppers
it's all over Zoe now Zoe whoo you guys
want to play a really fun prank on a
friend okay ah what is on the guy was oh
okay I'm looking like a huge limp on the
internet anyway here's a fun prank I did
this the alley but I didn't film it and
I used to do this all the time to my
sister in a field you see these things
it's like the V things and there's a
black little seeds or whatever a real
fun prank is to pull it out like this so
you have it like this and start chewing
it like mmm this is really good they
basically try to get is to try to
convince the person to try it so what I
did with Ali and my little sister show
now that now that she's on youtube you
can tell her about this I would chew it
and I'd be like almost have you ever
tried one of these so she'd pick one up
and I me they got try it so she nibble
it now I'm not gonna do I promise so she
when she starts chewing it to try it you
pull really quickly like that except she
won't turn her head I treat ahead cuz I
don't want it in my mind yeah basically
they're numb I'm not numbing it and then
you pull it now it's stupid if you don't
show it just do it okay so baby try it
oh yeah so big hold on here's spider on
that one it was really there's those
little black things are spiders okay
this is long winded but basically you
chew I go all this tastes really good
try it and she doesn't believe you're so
she choose it and when she chews it you
pull it like that and if you will have
hours of fun tricking your friends oh
it's all over and now it's clean you're
welcome internet that's a fun prank to
play you're right yeah teen smile a new
tee shoes it stay away from name if that
is a spider or a lizard you're not gonna
hold a spider okay let me see your hands
what is it stick okay okay what is it
close your eyes no not causing my head
to try you look at me you guys are
trusting all right okay okay close your
eyes in Hawaii oh thank you here's
another fun thing I used to do you take
used to take the tops like this and you
click them no I didn't mean you know
it's fun I keep doing nice things
killing my flowers very good there for
you chase the grasshopper oh there you
go I know well blends with the well what
does it do yeah I got it hey mr.
grasshopper is he pooping Jodi just
pooped he'll energy just poop for the
Internet okay that's you'll show off all
right go away jump away Oh grasshopper
pooping on my finger look Ali brought up
a good point we should sell that footage
on stock photo yeah that's like monitor
who wants to buy stock footage of a
grasshopper pooping on a guy's finger
pooping on a finger
uh oh there's the creepy house okay this
is kind of creepy okay well this movie
theater is completely dead we're to go
see macGruber macGruber there's like no
one here I mean the movie is terrible
you might fall out over the edge yeah so
what are your thoughts Ali halfway
through was like I'm gonna walk out like
I am I am so a fan of cheesy comedy like
you don't even I feel this is blind yeah
love so many bad movies but that make a
gun substance ah well no see the thing
is I feel like if you guys are familiar
with the old school lonely island before
they're on SNL like the boo and all that
stuff like back in over 30 to its drier
than dry humor i think is what it is
because there's goofy it's not dry it's
like idiotic humor yeah but I'm yeah but
I mean it's not like idiotic Seibert I
said you said in your butt in your
butthole stick it where the Sun don't
shine oh yeah where's that I don't know
look if I a no okay the funniest part of
the movie don't tell him the funniest
part of the movie don't tell me no don't
don't give spoilers Oh nope don't
information turn it off in my opinion
though I would definitely I like it I
like the movie but I'm a huge lonely
I'll affair if you have not seen hum the
Lonely Island's pilot for fox or MTV
don't do the puff of the Fox one watch
The Lonely Island pilot for MTV it's
really funny in my opinion I liked it
but I'm also huge I'm fine
I am oh it was a great man I am I'm oh
it was awesome but ok so we have a new
rule in a relationship you want to know
what it is see the shoe I have right
here this Charles or she's still my shoe
so the new role in our relationship is I
will do anything he says if he can ask
me in Spanish anything if you can
athlean spin no no no no no no no you
can't do that you can look it up before
hand in future saucy but he can't
translate it right on the spot we're
gonna ask me in Spanish and then I'll do
it I noticed it before means please and
I know that's the box that Pato yeah so
I know today I can just say sabato
football yes working on it yes these
Charles Charles Trippy with Marley Zoe
and his fiance alley you can watch my
channel where do your decision from the
internet
