we got a package what this is
yeah I got a package no you didn't well
it could be for you but it's probably
not get everywhere hey what is oh my god
put you down for second platypus oh my
gosh axle expression is what's to send
it to us as a thank you for the CTFxC
this is awesome so he wants to eat him
it feels weird doesn't it oh it smells
like latex no idea what this is from you
must be just joining us I got a daily
boot this I don't think is possible his
belly's the funny is fire don't worry
Internet he won't eat you
you have been eyeing this guy wouldn't
say hi to him say hi you noms your ear
nom-nom-nom-nom hello Joey
so I just got a voicemail my phone's
been doing some weird stuff just going
straight to voicemail if you have an
iPhone tell me how to fix that anyway
bye
one of the first people other than
mystery guitar man was null that I made
friends with on YouTube and he has left
me a voice now I want to play it oh yeah
by the way he's on his YouTube is
YouTube birkhoff's us adults and uncle
nuts everyone go tell null set Ally says
that he cannot make out with me at
VidCon he's not allowed if you don't
know who null says he probably has one
of the best practical joke channels
youtube.com slash Nels he has got the
biggest balls not that I would know
figurative balls that I've ever seen and
his wife is pretty awesome so go check
on also I just wanted to play that what
are you doing good news some of our
neighbors below remember our neighbors
below that got mad when we played rock
band that's why we don't play rock band
anymore they're moving out no we like we
like you know everyone else except the
people that bang on this is why
the singles too hot this is like not
legal because I don't it's that hot in
Florida so she had to do that when you
can't buckle your seatbelt cause the
thing is so hot yes that's pretty bad
who's gonna be out summer
get'em Oh
oh okay this is the reason why I just
like actually meant for the winners up
chicken hearing better okay so I just
slept for like frickin four hours this
afternoon it's like 9 o'clock at night
and I basically didn't complete any of
my missions admissions for today so I'm
going to see if anything's still open
this is the reason why I dislike naps I
don't know if you guys are the same type
of people as me when it comes to naps a
lot of people like them you know you can
take a 30-minute nap an hour nap
20-minute nap 10-minute nap
wake up you feel rejuvenated alive you
refreshed when I do I feel confused for
example I feel like I just slept through
the entire day and it's now Monday and
then I always feel groggy even if I take
shorter naps I know I know everyone's
know saying the carbs Charles you took a
four hour now that's gonna make you feel
crappy but even if I take like a
10-minute nap it's like that day my
volumes that I hated taking naps when I
was little and I know I know for a fact
you know like in elementary school where
you had to have those little mats and
they'd have naptime
I would always pretend to sleep I
promise you guys okay every time if you
get worse sleep the future would go and
put a sticker next year a little mat and
then if you got like seven stickers or
five stickers whatever the week you got
a little prize at Thea that week on
Friday I don't think I slept once then a
kindergartner Elementary or whatever
that was I would every time the teacher
would come by I just go then I just
close my eyes yep and I always got that
prize on Friday ha take that first grade
teacher that I can't remember oh oh can
I do it yes in the prize $46.00 gas bill
do you know what one of my favorite
things to see pretty much ever on the
road is a guy with a full sleeve tattoo
driving a minivan with kids in the back
I think
is the coolest thing ever I think what
it is because you know like in tattoos
are really not like socially acceptable
but like when we're older they will our
CEOs maybe even our presidents will have
a good sleeve that's a good coolest
thing our next president when we're all
done writing up kids in 20 years has two
full sleeves maybe a neck tat dad maybe
not neck tattoo but it's two full
sleeves would be pretty sweet
president badass is what we'll call him
I think I'm just trying to justify
getting another quarter sleeve tattoo
really want to do it
what that seems ridiculously cheap it's
because Tynes is so much better everyone
else at
did Danielle from New York give you your
favorite toy yeah we got like a pig's
tells very nice severe wasn't it watch
Marley figure out ready ridiculous
please do won't eat the platypus now
okay now look at it
yeah she's clean clothes that's the best
place to go thank you look at this shirt
this is from Brianna Melissa and Josh
from Connecticut they made this and
Brianna Brianna I'm sorry Marley stop
squeaking over there but look at this
it's a turtle with a moustache I don't
know you guys this is amazing
this is they actually made this would
you like a turtle CTFxC with a moustache
okay Brianna Melissa and Josh were
contacting you we want to make this
assured that is so good it's so awesome
what do you guys think would you like to
see this on a shirt let us know let us
know and maybe we can get it made
with chicken flesh you know I don't know
why I always yell I just because deep
down I think I'm not being listened to
actually someone told me that one time
I'm gonna this is really hard actually
to do this myspace vlogs I'm gonna keep
going I was actually told by someone
that writing in all caps like I do is
like a secret cry for help it's like a
secret like I'm yell it's like I'm
either yelling or it's like I don't feel
like my message is good enough in
lowercase so I have to write an
uppercase but really it's just because
my lowercase herons sucks balls balls
siren so I write an uppercase in all
caps because it's much more legible as a
condom that's weird
come on kids okay my dinner is actually
harder than I thought it would be
platypus boy but my course thinking but
voice thinking but pointless
all right what is your way are you gonna
thank you to it it's actually pretty
innovative you got it high five
that's pretty ridiculous American Marley
is right there watch this super make
sure you flip in here is that she's like
I'm here huh
these Charles Charles Chevy with myleeza
Rihanna's fiance ally you can watch my
channel for indecision from the internet
