she just definitely turned that on gesso
chaired like this they had something
like this and the radio it's her thing
it comes off and it's got a little
education ok don't chew it so Zoe what
did you do did you turn the laser on by
yourself ridiculous hug so we decided to
go to the place that I'm Ali and I had
her first date this is where we came
early Stephanie she's looking at how
much ducati's cost right now oh yeah now
we're all gonna smell the guy huh oh
there's that smell I am just gonna crap
out of me you know the worst thing about
I up and denny's and Perkins is that you
always leave smelling like them yeah
that like musky smell I'm gonna for take
another shower although for another
debate just like the pc a mac one I op
or dennys which is better actually don't
know the answer to that one time to
start packing and head back to
Tallahassee oh yeah a whole hot dog food
so we're going back to Tallahassee right
now and then a couple days we got to
come back down basically because all the
t-shirt orders were delivered up to
Tallahassee we're not there so we had to
go up and get all that stuff and then
more relatives come down and we come
back down and then we're gonna start
looking for venues for wedding venues
we're gonna start doing that so you guys
are going to follow along as we plan
this wedding that will be interesting
right I'm so tired still drew here
that's a very very dipping are so we're
still driving the dogs are sleeping
passed out so it looks like she's
smiling Ali is falling asleep I'm doing
some work oh it's gonna be good to be
sleeping in my own bed go Tallahassee
wandering around Gainesville right now
the doggies have to pay so he's like
what the pay by after play so good news
guys remember all the other day I guess
it was two or three two days ago when
Ali was embarrassing me with all the by
the way she's drinking coffee not me not
me I'm drinking water agua anyway but
she was hot I took it what are trying to
look for Zoe okay what was I talking
about anyway so a website called
dealdash.com out it's actually a pretty
cool site I've actually used it in the
past it's like it's like a bidding
system but the cool thing is that if you
big let's say you've been like five
dollars for an item and lose that five
dollars goes to the purchase of the
items so you don't actually lose the
money which is really cool they're
giving away giving us to give away to
you guys a free iPad a 16 gigabyte iPad
all you gotta do is go to dealdash.com
and sign up you get like five credits or
five dollars to go purchase like it look
you can see here there's a flip cam for
thirty-five cents right now you can get
a coffee maker for a dollar thirty-five
there's some cool stuff on here so if
you go there you sign up look give you
five credits and then this is how you
get our contest you come back here and
put a comment right down here your
username and then why you want or
deserve the
pat and i won't i will pick in a week so
what is it a Saturday a Saturday in one
week we will pick a winner of the nae
nae Ali will pick a winner of the ipad
next Saturday yes I'll go check it out
go to dealdash.com links to the stop bar
sign up come back here tell me your
username and why you deserve an ipad and
yeah I'm getting something away by don't
like it you have to do it down so yeah I
just want to say thank you deal dash for
giving us an ipad to give to one of the
cpa epic fears i was really nice of you
and i hope you guys enjoy this contest
it is falling asleep how you doing spaz
I had
Oh caffeine helps I hate driving you
know really funny you guys have driven
crossing eyeball I hate riding cheap
stick it's gonna be a cafe risque you an
improved that's back there isn't it dude
fast I think so have you ever okay yeah
it's a lot like South footboard anybody
who's ever driven up 70 north or south
Evan have you seen those banners like
cafe risque what what was that mumbles
75 what I say evony they say 70 ok 75
anyway anybody who's ever gone on 75 has
seen the cafe risque the coolest thing
about the cafe risque banners I wish we
can see him if we haven't passed them as
their girls from the 80s so they have
perms so they ought to know they did and
if I'm saying we should go cuz then you
oh they're finally in this very same
girl yeah but then when you go by it
it's like the dumpy little shack on the
side of the road that maybe three cars
do you think at tricking a scam
triggered it in shower shave apart you
know the showers the signs of the bills
board state trucker discounts trucker
shout strugglers trucker showers that's
what I want to do I want to go do a
skeezy strip club and take a shower that
look to the best with a sketchy stripper
yes just say no kids just right now all
right guys I'm stock right now playing
work with friends and these are the
letters I have can you help me out can
you please help me out pause the video
fight over hurt I've been stuck in this
for hours oh look at that that's another
rest area right there the whole
Frappuccino that's so tiny listen no
listen to the flight yes I guess you
have a Molly bladder listen over three
minutes in my family I have a reputation
for having bladders like an elephant
bladder I can hold it usually forever
but I don't know if that's a good thing
or a bad thing I don't know what it is
but there's something about truck stops
to just give me the heebie-jeebies
tbg I haven't said heebie-jeebies says I
was like eight Wow alright guys i'm sure
this smells like everything trucker
sweat and I don't know what else that's
probably really disgusting I swear if I
find a used condom back here I'm gonna
be disgusted Marley found a couple
squirrels though no Marley the highway
it's too close not letting you go you
can just admire them there are squirrels
dog
me
I love me
Oh
I
does that job what other stuff do you
guys know any other songs that a matchup
like that that aren't necessarily the
same solid melody is so so yeah it's
pretty similar almost home whoo home
sweet home look at the fish they're
still alive Thank You automatic fish
here you saved their lives oh it is so
good to be home I totally missed this
place oh yeah i forgot about that I when
I came up here the other day remember oh
yeah I like these glasses by the way up
do you think it's your way these are the
raybans what do you think I think I
think the ray-bans these are just little
too small anyway yeah when I had to come
up here to get everything yeah I forgot
about all the mess I did so what are you
watching Oh God all right I'm going back
down to bradenton oh this is the worst
part when you leave for like three weeks
try to find the stuff that smells oh no
okay that's bad no I should have
remember that well I'm afraid may oh
geez oh man home lesson learned you
think I'd learned the first time so
we're home finally Oh whew time to rest
I know I know short vlog is short and
boring vlog is boring but I want to go
watch this movie I'll let you guys know
if it's any good app but right now guys
I'm gonna go watch a movie I'll see you
tomorrow love you don't hate me and okay
that's funny he's just awful right now
yay he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley Zoe and his fiance alley you can
watch my channel what are your decision
for the internet
