this is why Google is awesome uh what's
with the makeup lady I totally got it we
are at new college because today is the
day that Justin enters the workforce we
we hope because if you can get a job I
guess but he's graduating today so we're
here at Ringling / new college well I
was just saying that's typically the
thing but anyway is this Ringling or is
this new College almost looks like
Ringling okay we're on new college
campus just told that this graduation is
not a typical one you you're not gonna
see cap and gowns you're probably gonna
see go into Halloween costumes and
somebody else like a dominatrix leather
mask so should be pretty interesting I
hope you guys enjoy this and if you guys
are coming to new college this is what
you get to afford here what's going on
yeah you get to write a thesis if you go
here wow it's actually outside first
yeah really nice
my graduation was like 3,000 people at
USF this is definitely not the same this
is where we want to get married I'll
actually let's get on the over there
actually
so that girl totally has a real stake
that's real
nice outfit
it's official their services
okay white I'll film you I'll show you
water okay
graduated
you graduated feel like a new man so
you're already having hot flashes better
translate
well you get that bread saga so hey
everyone thank you say hi in Deveny say
come back at the snack time konban WA
what sitting there but he just
disappeared
his dad owns this restaurant so if
you're ever in Sarasota come to saga cuz
it's like the best Japanese food and
they cook right in front of you that's
totally awesome
okay wait you're using chopsticks Yuki
you're the Japanese kid you're using a
floor what are you doing it's not Rachel
it's about racial it's the fact I have
to get more practice than you do
that's true I'm actually really bad at
eating salad but middle zone
you're supposed to slurp it really wait
do you think I'm fire no this is a
special appetizer we're up there they go
yeah
so guess what guys I'm on the phone with
my sister she's uploading her very first
weight bloating an hour right she's
uploading your very first video to
YouTube yes because of you guys my
sister now has a youtube if you go to
youtube.com slash mal mal I want all the
CTFxC to go subscribe to my little
sister she's making it because you guys
made her basically and all that stuff
what do you want to say but but Melissa
the CTF XD is for haters you guys go
check out my sister's channel she's uh
she doesn't she's a YouTube newb as her
video says and she doesn't know what
she's gonna post on there so she wants
you guys to suggestions so youtube.com
slash mal links in the sidebar links to
the sub bar and go support the newest
member of the CTFxC my little sister lip
cream there jeez is there anything under
that or is it just low cream would you
bring kitty cat it's so like kitchen you
bring it in snakes that's crazy yeah it
looks fine geez we had a big giant
spider and now a big giant snake can't
Jon I'm not touching that one lesson
learned yet the other day
I swear we don't live in the woods here
where's the spider fear number one and a
snake fear number two these Charles
Charles Trippy with Marley zoo en si
Alli
