we're gonna go try golfing yeah me Jeff
Goldblum Jeff Goldblum Jeff Goldblum so
I've never been golfing and Ali's dad
and Ally have so they equipped me with
this this this outfit or get a wide shot
of this outfit here what do you guys
think is the shred you place is this
better do I fit it absolutely no bit did
the dbag factor just go up like 10 10
times but yeah yeah yeah we're gonna
we're gonna try to dig in the shoes I
mean you should wear those every day it
looks really fun actually do love golf
shoes I just like Oxford's are awesome
they're really big but the thing is I've
never done this before I'm accrues yeah
and everyone whose phone it down why I
thought I wanted on the golfer actually
you know what's funny I honestly yes I
feel like that may have actually
originated as not a douchey think I
think that may have actually originated
as people trying to protect their necks
from getting sunburned oh that would
make send then like just do she people
took it to another level yeah that would
make some sense anyway driving range
whoo oh yeah we already made friends
this guy didn't like the fact that I
just said blue oh my god I've always
wanted to drive our house that would be
amazing you remember that TV show Pete
and Pete that always reminds me of Pete
and Pete from Nickelodeon you should get
a summer job doing that hell I'll do
that that sounds awesome that would be
so fun driving on a golf cart all day so
this vlog is probably be us whispering
it's really it's kind of ridiculous you
have a these are still in the
Philippines forever in it the cellophane
or fame fame yeah well I mean it's cuz i
might add order these for me they just
haven't been able to you're such a golf
douche i'm gonna seriously try to hit
him every single time I fine i won't
i'll try to this war over them okay guys
next time we're bringing an air horn
are you guys now time to leave your bets
or your guesses below in the comments
who do you thinks gonna be the best do
you think it's gonna be a lead Ellie's
dad or myself me could be me totally
gonna be me put that in the comments
yeah probably well alright so I
literally have no idea which club I need
to use driver right a nine there's a
nine are you guys enjoy this I hit it oh
my god Charles almost killed me okay
hopefully Charles won't slice the ball
into me like you just did he almost hit
me that's from here I'm standing
straight in front of it right right
there that's my ball right there right
there that's it right there you got a
pan over to my other ball which way over
there huh huh babe ruth okay this isn't
a baseball honey will be when I'm done
with it Arnold Palmer now babe ruth nice
ya ain't hit about a hundred yards so
i'll see you friday 90 yards okay let's
try it let me I'm doing to do it like a
baseball like a piece what club are you
hitting more than 90 that's really good
for an iron doesn't you ask was a hit
super far I'm gonna try it like I would
be a baseball and see if it helps me
holy crap good job in the water char say
look there but that one was about I mean
that was like 150 yards with a 9-iron
that's pretty good I can hit better like
this what I'm gonna go for the dude
you're slicing it though cuz your club
face is closed I mean hooking it are you
serious look I destroyed my first tee
holy crap
you just missed the dude you're doing
pitching that's a pitching wedge wow
that's pretty good I wish I had a better
camera I could show with the balls going
I'll looked up that it was pretty good
you going for the guy oh and you guys
cannot see that ball anymore that's like
over 200 yards okay so we have a winner
whoo
I'm doing is I'm like might as well be
swinging a baseball bat I'm just like
doing this I'm walking off the third
first-base already whoo I meant to do
that oh by the way all you golfers I
realize that I'm not swinging this the
proper way that they are I'm a baseball
player so I'm I'm adapting my baseball
abilities to this and that's why I look
so rigid watch Ali this is the proper
way to do it then we'll watch your dad
do it you can do it both you do it this
is the proper way yeah and you saw what
I did but I'm still getting it pretty
far i'm pretty happy blow so I that golf
cart just crashed into that bench right
there that's funny I think I didn't
realize okay I didn't realize he's like
what who stole mine who stole my golf
cart hey you missed it I can't home kid
I hope kidding hell he lines up for the
shot she's under 3 under par well she
make this I don't know it's Marty I
don't I yes yes you hit 300 500 you are
double bogey if you don't make this
triple bogey if you keep talking she
will not awkward she will not take the
shot then you chase buying time she's
buying time yes this is for all the tea
in China will she do it
she lines up there's apparently a bug on
her ball which makes up here comes I
will become silent about as we did this
the internet is now gonna turn away to
me she lines up high and it's a
beautiful hit but apparently the hole is
that way I'm kidding that's why you're
putting sweetheart Oh baby you don't T
up a 7 would we do it now because I'm
afraid of breaking everything ready
uh-huh right there going away I don't
see it oh great that went about 10 yards
there we go over the tree nice that's
just under a hundred yards yeah I heard
appear so that was pretty fun first time
first time doing this golfing thing I
enjoyed hope sorry her bags are fighting
so we're gonna go try some putt-putt I'm
pretty good at puck pot as the internet
knows alli and I are really good at putt
putt so I think the pudding range might
be pretty pretty much on our game plan
Oh a lien her little pink ball that fits
for shipping oh that was good baby all
right we're gonna see you can get it
into that hole right there the quickest
well yeah something same thing oh my god
that is in the roof oh my god that was
like a 25-foot sucka Tiger Woods avoid
the hippo and get it in the clown I hope
for bringing some entertainment to golf
you guys up that's the hippo Oh
oh I mean who knew golf could be fun I'm
better when there's a windmill a clown
mouth oh yeah all right that's myself
can we okay so Allie showed you a couple
embarrassing photos of me oh here Zoe
you can have this ice cube I'm sorry I
was holding it ever got to give it to
you um some embarrassing photos with me
when I was little so I have some on this
magnificent refrigerator i want to show
you guys though she is there she is
again and there's Justin there she is
again oh yes CTFxC in the background
that's cool Ali singing Ali being a
little princess Allie with a perm or
curly hair that's natural as was that's
not so it's more tame than that photo
right there there's a dress actually she
was wearing the other day with blonde
hair those are embarrassing so Lauren's
gonna find some embarrassing ones for
you guys next time and then you're
screwed Ali you know it's really funny
we were just watching um we watched the
movie waterboy and it was Adam Sandler
um and then we watched the longest yard
so we watch the longest yard and the
waterboy back-to-back on different
channels so I don't know I guess Adam
Sandler is getting paid right now
royalties kudos Adam call me we get a
Zoe public for witches in one nation
under God indivisible women oh oh she
said into the wheels on the TV
really dad so everybody get the Windex
look at that time so we are you really
that broken
okay so we just watched a movie called i
think it was called pandorum with Dennis
Quaid I just want to propose something
for you guys I know I know we have the
we have zombies we have the adrenaline
zombies that we as we saw in 28 days
later and and we also have the the
elusive nazi zombies so I want to
propose to you guys a challenge who
would win a nazi zombie first regular
zombie verse not see zombie verse space
zombie it's a lot of zombies I got my
helmet on do you ok wait I actually
haven't Space zombies for all some Nazis
sleep on that kids spoof that'd be
pretty bad he's Charles Charles camping
with Marley Zoe and his fiance alley you
can watch shut up what are your decision
for the internet
