time for an MRI checkup yay it's been
three months crazy enough since my last
MRI so every three months I think
they're gonna push it eventually to six
months but right now just because I can
my insurance loves me I've been doing
every three months I have an MRI checkup
I don't really care so much about them
because I know everything's fine it's so
much sitting in a tight tube listening
to all that dubstep now it's not dubstep
but you know this sound right here not
that one but this sound right here more
annoying than that one yeah we've got
Alex and coffee so we're ready to go
here's the funny thing about doing this
so early the dogs only want to get up
they just kind of look at it they jump
on the bed first off because they're
little jerk
and then they just sit there like maybe
they put their head up they'd only want
to get up so that tells me we should be
a bed or Charles to be in that cell we
have an earlier flights and stuff like
that it was funny because then Marley
doesn't long it up with Marley as when I
go for food there's an issue a teenager
logging stuck with needles Elliott's
making sure the videos online tag game
to switch up with plenty of fun Cory
don't really ever get to take everything
out my earrings as you can see the gross
hole this time I forgot to take my belt
off so I literally started going like
this they're floating up it's like that
magnet it's apparently strong enough to
pick up a car like that magnet and I'm
just chilling inside it yeah literally
my belt was taking up like
for summer Ali and I decided we was I'm
trying to do half the game because I
somebody attacks you guys really like
them we have a couple ideas that we
would want him to do same time so that's
kind of like what we're doing while
we're waiting for the hour that I have
to wait for the posters coming out and
then we have a new new hat merge item
that will be out hopefully released or
pre-orders in the next couple weeks
fingers crossed that we can get it done
we have two versions and we're going to
have you guys both on the 3rd and we're
going to have you guys both on a couple
bands so those will be all you guys
don't even need your help they threw in
the posters on our Facebook group so if
you're not on Facebook just go to
facebook.com slash internet killed TV
that's where we're not actually guys to
vote so make sure you go do that
the gangs you have ever WAGO facebook
now monkey brains gone oh man
do you guys remember when I had to wear
these things I became a cyborg for a
while
I'm still going through the five hundred
photos in creepy space hey what are the
four words yellow liar closet shoe all
right this boards or three there's only
four residences maybe you guys have got
too much of his brain cell room wold and
some backwards
yellow w d l our closet somethings you
using whether digit flat flat excited
what are the four words yellow closet
not issue
good job that's right beach so far I
still have a brain and things are
looking good so a question if you saw
the brain but there's repair I have a
great hold on it but I don't have a
brain yeah could you imagine if you
sneeze and it was like air those like
going oh and there you go boys like do
you gotta go catch some of that game
where you it was like a safe and you
think the booger out no I don't we are
not playing it in the 90s I know
somebody knows I don't know any parent
what is it I know it's crap with cookie
hold on I'll find it
No do we really that's what it was it's
just suggested that you would pull that
out we should do a contest for that
Marley must be that hungry she's eaten
leaves
sit down you vegetarian catch it that
hungry where leaf
so you want to leave no she'll try it no
Marley wants to leave
Marley apparently likes salad you
watching your figure you got this
it's a height of - Marley but you want
that lettuce do you go for it oh come on
don't be lazy oh yeah
do that use that frustration cut what do
you think it's going to come in be come
on you got this
come on I'll show you it's little close
Mar so close now look at that a go lower
just cuz you realize nope come on
I give there Zoe one two three I'm not
going to give it to ya gotta work for it
look at you got it lose big old lazy dog
okay now she likes leaves both of our
dogs
I don't think Diesel's they do two or
three dogs or a vegetarian so we have
Zoe's little annual checkup today you
ready for it yeah you don't want to go
you want to go to the vep hey Marley
trust me you don't want to go you don't
want to go either do you want Dee Dee
you don't want to go either
trust me you want a shot in the butt do
you want a shot in the butt yeah Martha
psyckadeli yeah those got either side
the butt
yes you do you're actually being good
just chilling right now
Zoe thank you did you hear some people
see okay laughter okay okay I'll buy
ourselves
alright 62 found I'm not supposed to do
this but I know where all the treats are
I've discovered over the course of time
okay don't tell me don't tell me oh we
get even get me in trouble
you're gonna give me in trouble you give
me in trouble too yeah thank you you
give it a basis to the evidence thank
you thank you don't tell me I can't get
rid of the evidence
good job thank you you're welcome I
don't scare cheese I feel so bad
do the stanky leg you feel I'm did I
thought it was a sewer like that
it's so cute she keeps going behind this
thing and peeking her head around like
maybe they both see
Haydn's oh okay let's get out of here
big good dude laying on the golf cart so
on how about the best part about leaving
I was taking a little ride looking good
Marley's discovering this little tiny
hole under here that's the only way to
get her from going under there scare the
crap out of her I fought for you guys to
come hang out so you got to go inside
you've got five I think this is looking
really good Oh awesome thank you I got
to use that you dick as you guys can
tell from yesterday we gave up on the
whole trying to get sod to grow back
here for some reason I have no idea it
started growing back here but it just
stopped right here and then back here
where Ali's at as you can pry see here
or over here if you want to look yeah
money
nope don't dig try to skate no you don't
give this skate util and this you got
two red rocks and a bunch of white rocks
is that good luck let's just consider
that good luck so we decided to round it
off right here since this is always
pretty much the Dead Sea no not the Dead
Sea but the desert that's like nothing
grows what is that it's like in South
Dakota or something like that
bye bye hey dude alright Internet what
do you think so no longer is that desert
of disgusting this thanks for modeling
it button appreciate it
alright that's outside but it looks nice
way better than the whole blackness of
dirt that never grew anything cooked my
man a man dinner in the kitchen get in
the kitchen cook young man burger Oh
extra lengths the way to go you guys can
slap me for that obviously I'm not being
serious but rice and quinoa lima beans
for babe you know I only feed you the
manliest meals very much so try right
now is working on the app and trying to
get some stuff done have a little bit of
trouble books figuring it out because if
you got some together stuff Charles is
kind of brilliant I figured I would make
him a dinner so that he's not
overwhelmed well we have okay so here's
the fun thing we have some cool news
about the CTFxC mode us coming up but
the problem is if you guys remember
Apple screwed up on my computer and
formatted everything so right now I'm
trying to find the distribution
certificate the developer certificate
everything for the app was deleted good
news is though if I get this working
soon there are some really cool news
about the CTFxC emoji app and what
you're not seeing is that Charles is
secretly stressed right now which is not
good we don't want him stressed out but
he works so hard on these things and
when things tend to malfunction up for
you its mouth would melt them should be
the right word to use yeah the big sin
to malfunction it's really frustrating I
mean for anybody but definitely for him
because he worked so hard on it and he's
been working so hard on it with a few
other people for quite a few months
obviously you guys saw the first few
emoji sticker pack we're trying to
progress on and keep that going and he's
just been busting his ass on that for it
to kind of not be working right now
was really frustrating so guys in the
comment section below please share him
on because he's so excited about the
specialness about it as well which we're
not going to give away
he loves yeah he wants to do nice things
for you there's one really cool it
proves I still have a brain hold on
I have a brain that's brew I have I have
a brain I think the bottom one is from
2016 the other one is from now that's
still looking good and I still have one
in there I don't know if you guys can
see the little gaps over there on the
right side that's where they removed the
crappy tumor out of my head and if you
guys haven't seen you can watch it
online cuz I filmed it of course I
filmed it that's the thing that I was
talking about earlier where I'm taking
weak in their head I don't wanna call it
a hole but that's where the scar tissue
is I guess our whole I gotta hold my
brain only had a brain Alys on this
thing right now where she only knows one
phrase of every song all she's been
doing is doing a course of the same two
song for those two songs been hearing
all freaking day
no you're back guys that guy I get
knocked down but I get up again you're
never gonna keep me down I get knocked
down but I get up again you'll never
gonna keep you down
I think song doesn't know you have a
good time I think the songs every mummy
is the best time oh I get knocked down
