there's the old Chili's I used to work
at on lakewood Oh memories we're on a
mission for smoothies you're so angry
they closed the one I think I might be
the plaza where Chili's was I know it's
really I have not been this area has
been to this area of liquid ranch if you
guys know of Lakewood Ranch and
Bradenton Sarasota that its own City now
it's massive I just know this was here
like even like when I was here like a
year ago half the stuff wasn't here so
we're gonna go to my old high school now
it's really this was once only two lanes
now it's a six-lane Highway this was
nothing this is crazy I remember they
were talking about doing stuff like this
yeah we can't fight us me thinking
get your nails done caution you not to
stop at a kasha now here's another funny
little story when they were building our
school I was like one of the first
classes to graduate through here they
found a dead body in the side over here
when they're doing the road that creepy
eating us you didn't know that
they found the dead body yeah I remember
those GTA park where they used to do
that stuff and my high schools all back
in there are you gonna go down there
sweet my high school it's like a college
campus you guys are gonna see how big
this one is
we'll have to go to Ally's one day it's
bigger than Florida State in preparation
Oh probably the land will go to Ally's
and we'll compare Ally's despite the
size of this as the football field yeah
that's my high school my college campus
of a high school we got the pit yeah you
can paint art y'all the seniors can
paint their own parking spaces
it's pretty funny yeah we so many funny
things there's all fields over there
there's like 17 soccer fields over there
yeah pretty crazy to what we would do
around the little circle area where the
cars we would drive our cars backwards
all my campus still we're not done yet
there's still more we would drive
backwards out of campus just for fun
thinking about it like this is stupid
little high school things I was telling
Ali we were gonna chase through lakewood
ranch one time because um my friend
Billy Ollie and drew myself and Travis
we would like bottle rockets and we
could light them at people's doorsteps
and it's pop pop in front and one of the
guys I guess a dad we would only do it
to people we knew so well one of our
friends dad chased us and we had little
little chase they're like good ranch
yeah look at that
yep that's even more this is crazy
well that's like five soccer fields
right there another football field we
have two football fields by the way
there are two football fields like five
baseball fields like seven soccer fields
massive high school and there's my old
parking space when I was a senior yep
both the one right there the empty one
and it's never been painted Gianna
no
grumpy old man
this is so crazy I feel like it's not
something you want to run and jump in
that's a lot of long sleep I know good
job baby
I'm making sure it stays condensed
that's that's important with mulch oh
you know what this is this is what we
used for the slip and slide right there
we do numbers of the slide number two
what's up there look at the contrast
difference between the mulch and Marley
go Marley go then it's like trying keys
in a pile of mulch Marley just goes up
every time now
good job you manly woman what is that a
seal yes auntie boy hey Tamar she's so
confused
she's like oh my god
he's helping you being a koala eating
the eucalyptus that but you guys aren't
very helpful you being a monkey up there
don't fall are you eating yeah whoa
and you're only doing it because you're
watching Zoey do it you got up there
pretty quick yeah there's no more
branches Ali the monkey I can't get us
can't get me oh she's trying so II well
I'm higher than you go Zoey
they're helping okay you got it but can
you get down it's a long way char it's
like 5 feet yeah I guess dog verse mulch
is a no I just you know what I mean
we've had we've been having this
standoff for the past 10 minutes she's
protesting the work I've been trying to
find Allie she's been doing all this
with a oh there she is
you hard at work she actually looks like
she's enjoying you ahead we've been
doing this all day and it's always been
playing all day
we got an injury what happened yeah oh
my god it's so big giant bump though man
it was like put the ice on it you know
it's really funny as it came right after
I said you know it's funny nobody got
hurt yet and then I jabbed myself right
there with the shovel what I don't yeah
I grabbed myself yourself with a shovel
of it on my toe almost shot my toe off
and Allie gasps yourself with this crazy
broom it's over there and though are you
sleepy yeah you're hard at work aren't
you eating mulch oh yeah yo I don't know
pirate's life can be it's kind of cool
quit pirates or ninjas how many pirates
do you think could do this is it oh well
then I'm an idiot I've been telling them
we should just light this on fire
tarji awesome marlis so tired
compassion you could just do whatever
the dog scarf nice whoo that was a lot
of work I don't even remember the last
time I had to do like gardening or
landscaping like that I know when I was
little I used to help my mom like weed
but that was crazy I think my was like
three tons of mulch whoa but I feel good
I feel like I actually did something you
know like when you LuAnn you exercise
blame it on the a-a-alcohol blame it on
uh uh look at this we're drunk in the
parking lot anyway but you know like
when you exercise and oh head toilet
lifter okay yeah I know I know I know
GPS but you know you feel like you
actually accomplished something I really
feel good so you know how you know we
celebrate dance it up dance it up rock
out okay well that was interesting we
decided to go say hi to them and they're
still giggling still rocking out anyway
um well they're still fucking giggling a
little high school girls
did you guys hear anyway what was I
talking about I don't remember but all I
know is I have Chinese like Chinese food
right there and it weighs a ton and I'm
gonna weigh it to see how much Chinese
food we will consume
what oh my god does he you can guys look
out please please don't follow me kill
it's not that big a spider that's bigger
than my pinky are you gonna save it am I
gonna kill it you're gonna fucking kill
that thing fire I don't care
borderline psychoses killer that's a
circle okay okay oh oh wait don't kill
it don't kill it
okay you know what don't kill it oh no
no no no here here here no no no Kelly
don't kill it don't care okay okay
everyone just calm back down alright now
get a piece of paper get a piece of
paper no no no get a piece of don't kill
Ali please killing it
okay I'd love to see you do this without
killing the spider taking its leg off
you probably just took it off this is
gonna be so funny he okay well he might
he managed to get it without I don't
care you do whatever you want that's
fighters gonna jump out and bite you in
the face it's called Karma
alright it's like you have a lot of
already killed my share of spiders in my
life my came out there with this spider
he's out there were these did you just
see him jump like
these Charles Charles shipping with my
lazuli and his fiancee alley
