why are you out there Marley why are you
outside huh yeah you want to tell
everybody why you're outside maybe we
should just look at your back sit down
sit down
what's all that pretty brown wrap on
your back I think you wrote it bumpy
just imagine if you were on the toilet
and that just popped its head through
I haven't freak anybody out oh hey I was
going just checking in everything good
over here all right going over to my
mom's right now to help her with their
computer yeah okay how many you
youngsters hi Justin youngsters what am
I 80 how many give you kids um have to
always help your parents out with
computers like are they still trying to
learn everything it's really funny my
mom knows how to use a computer but the
thing is she's afraid that she might
break something and I think of like you
you can't really break anything unless
you install a virus so I'm gonna go help
her with the internet explorer which you
shouldn't be using anyway but her job
requires itself to be fun so I'm gonna
get a coffee to wake up
Ali's been playing on the new Android
operating system on her phone birds all
right ready Coby ready get it buddy
dive dive to get it before it sinks
you're a goofy dog are you ready for it
buddy
how you feeling buddy
as that leg still whipping much better
yet every time I get the camera out he
always turns around puts his butt to me
hey I'm gonna get your face hey buddy
you don't like this woman do you we
gotta take a break buddy we can go some
women may be at the big pool later okay
gotta get that look at those eyes you're
so adorable
official best mullet what I'm guessing
is 1989 best mullet of 1989 right there
and I found Melissa's beauty pageant
dresses this is too cute oh my gosh
you guys do a lot of focuses smart girl
I think I just found the award-winning
photo look at these outfits
this is Charles his parents in the 70s I
think my dad was maybe four or five
years old or nothing other than I am now
anything like that that hair and that
facial hair I gotta get I gotta get
closer
look at that your dad was Jesus and your
mom is so cute look how gorgeous
Charles's mom was doesn't she look like
just like Melissa does
a lot like a fund that you're my sister
what a sweetheart
I can't get over I love old pictures
this is too cute
then the indication of what our babies
are gonna look like it's adorable I
think your parents might kill me for
putting this on the Internet well oops
little happy Charles and very 80s mom
and - that's a perm you know you know he
look like oh yeah desi looks just like
the kid from weeds if you had darker
hair like season 1 weeds yeah blonde
blonde tip see this this I used to get
in trouble because I used to say fuck
authority on it and I did this and they
cropped it out
unfortunately so here get this I just
got approached by a website and they
want to give a CTFxC or one of our
viewers an iPad do you think they'll
want us to do that
you guys should we do a contest for a
free iPad no no okay he definitely looks
like the kid from weeds in this picture
definitely he is going to kill me for
playing these pictures on the Internet
bull cut bringing it back but then look
how cute this is look at this little
baby I think he's cute even when he was
going through his not bad this stage I
still think he's cute also you guys he
doesn't know where any pictures of me
are located that are from these time
periods but he actually didn't even
really go through an awkward stage I
went through a really really awkward
stay time pistol in my awkward stage
kind of right now actually but there are
some very very awkward pictures of you
somewhere in my house that I'm not going
to show them to you then she look just
like a mom so pretty well I'm glad I
always showed you all my barest thing uh
they're not really baby photos they're
kind of like
awkward preteen photos but the good news
is I helped my mom get rid of all these
viruses I forgot how much I hate PC
computers I know we're gonna have a
debate in the comments boosted's better
know max better but this virus is all
over back pcs so I mean if you want to
build your own computer specifically for
gaming or something wait long we're
gonna have we're gonna have those huge
debate well actually even for us we do a
lot of editing work so for graphic
design Mac's are amazing and for someone
who is prone to having a lot of issues
of viruses and like someone who really
needs a very user-friendly interface
iMac is definitely the way to go I don't
know but we're gonna have a huge okay in
the comments below
the girl who loves Mac packaging and
just adores it let's have a huge debate
in the comments I'll put go post on my
brother's Twitter just at Justin speed
be like pcs suck balls and I want you
guys to tell me in the comments whether
or not you like PC or Mac's but now
don't just stay like pcs better max tell
me why why I want it I want to actually
read this because I know why I switched
I want to know why you guys have or have
not that's true let's have to do the Mac
the great Mac first PC this is you know
what that is like the Mac versus PC
debate is is like it's like evolution
debate it's like there's no right or
wrong answer and it's just gonna go on
forever
here's another age-old debate Super
Target for Super Walmart which is better
I don't know I feel like it's funny cuz
a walmart walmart has McDonald's in it
and then these guys have Starbucks it's
like the up stale upscale stale up stale
I'm just - stop this now I'm just gonna
stop talking cuz I cannot obviously
speak today trash he'll kick that ball
right there
do it you do it you do it best metal
band ever
should I get these what about these
that's hot that's right kids are still
in school what if any of those are CTFxC
r--'s I've come to kidnap you guys know
we're gonna swim in one of those show
them you're diving we didn't get to do
it are you whining okay guys okay
get it let's go bye bye all right let's
go guys hey okay guess we're ready to go
you excited Tyson they're so funny it is
they're so nicely so a lot of you guys
were disappointed that you couldn't see
Kobe goes you know diving cuz the light
was broken so I figured you know what
you know what I'm kind of tired today I
want to relax and I want to go swimming
so what better way better excuse other
than to show this dude well we can't
we're just block them this dude right
here diving and if you don't know what
Kobe can do he is amazing as far as
swimming he can dive seven feet
underwater if not more to retrieve a
ball or a toy it is like this little
corkscrew he does barrels essentially he
does barrel rolls if you don't believe
me
prepare to be amazed plus it's Tuesday
so you know what that means Taco Tuesday
oh yeah do it coming
all right we're gonna stay seven feet
underwater oh he's doing better than he
did last year crazy alright break time
break time Toby don't drop that in here
you're on a break what Kobe does if you
stop playing with him he'll slowly and
he'll drop it in and then he'll flop
over
so we're ignoring him because he's got a
break right now good job mark
being a bastard now you were just
waiting go away good boy
okay so I was just editing that clip did
you guys notice anything hilarious about
that clip here watching one more time
okay now let me zoom in and watch Kobe's
but I know it sounds gross but just
watch Kobe's butt
yes Kobe was farting underwater
I know dog fart it's still pretty funny
okay enjoy the video the funniest thing
ever
doggy paddle
can you see it that is a tiny this is my
finger compared to that's the Frog and
that's Charles the speaker oh dude come
go we don't smush him up you jumped away
now tell me that wasn't the coolest
thing you've ever seen a dog do other
than you know were skateboarding that's
pretty cool too but yeah taking him back
and Kobes looks like he's tired over
there and then we're gonna go I think
Taco Tuesday
it's awesome I'm pretty stoked I love
relaxing days like this I just I really
enjoy these days where I can just you
know go swimming you know do some vlog
action this is what my dad's bikes he
built you want to show it off oh yeah
where is the what's the coolest part of
the bike they use head bolts right here
right there
yeah why is that because normally
they're big old ugly honky bolts yeah
and now these are flush and cooler
that's right it's your lines and stuff
like that and we got the whole theme got
holes matching got what about this thing
this is carbon fiber yeah that's true
and I wish I could show you as as
license plate but the thing is I can't
because it's painted on but that's a
good one just do that that's perfect
okay this is painted on this is perfect
I'll have to censor it it's painted on
Saturday that's yeah so that's pretty
cool yeah that's you Chevy you're on a
ride at Zowie
now you got it now
oh my job
Zoe destroyed
you guys are good at tying easy
oh I guess we gotta call 9-1-1 now Jesus
all right guys we got a bed guys
oh you just destroyed what a bitch
you just destroyed Kyle's head so we all
Riley called 9-1-1
he's Charles Charles shipping with
myleeza Rihanna's fiance Ali
