good morning everyone so we're just
waiting for our time to get off the
cruise ship and then we're gonna head
back to Sarasota
pretty funny that was a pretty fun
adventure
son it has been fun look that works
totally in sync right now
I also wanted to say thank you to you
too because on Tiger number 58 or in the
time code 58 our engagement video is in
the video that celebrates YouTube's five
five-year anniversary so that's a real
honor so we just want to say thank you
to for putting that in there in my gosh
oh my gosh Miami
all the ants coming out or carrying
pieces of coconut out with
and all the ants going here they're
getting
there are the Everglades
now they saw a smushed Gator Gators they
nomnomnom your face you're not stupid
and they're arrogant punching Gator this
is like the your hockey Gator like
sharks bender just showed me this it's a
sleeping bag what are these things
called again hot dogs from Star Wars
and you sleep in it like you know when
he opens it up and then sleeps inside it
see what I mean best sleeping bag ever
so I've been reading all the comments in
our latest video using our iPhone app
and I have to say that some of you guys
are coming up with the funniest ideas to
shave for if you guys don't know we're
doing a big contest and giving away
$10,000 yeah
starburns is pretty much win basically
as an added bonus said I would shave my
face on June 6th with some sort of
design and pretty much everyone's saying
either do lightening bolts or starve
community okay that's not safe not very
safe so if you haven't put your
submission in go to youtube.com slash
Charles Trippy watch the video get all
the information and let's get a CTFxC
err to win this I want to see GFX but
yeah if you want to go check it out you
to become so strong for you or not you
know whatever
I was also laughing at the sellout
comments really guys come on come on
guys sellout I can think about it think
about it I'm able to spend every single
day with my beautiful fiance my cute my
cute dogs and I'm able to make a living
doing something that I truly love and
have fun with I mean I think Shay said
like that's like the greatest gift of
all that's not like I mean I consider
that the greatest gift of all you know
and I mean like you know everyone
everybody work a job you're working
whatever job you are are you selling out
cuz you're getting money to make a
living I mean it's I don't it's like you
know it's really funny he's like this
when I was little when I was little and
this baby this is what people are
thinking when I was little I used to
love a band right and there was no one
knew about him and then the second they
got on a major label I thought they were
selling out but then when I got older I
realized they're not selling out they're
making a living doing something they
truly love now they can make warm
albums you know what for you guys please
please time to see Zoey Marley I think I
got a freak out what Marley does now
when I see Jeff Jeff Goldblum Jeff
column just go bloom Jeff go bloom chef
chef chef chef chef chef call them Jeff
go bloom jeff goldblum chef go bloom
Jeff Goldblum I like oblem okay I guess
you'd like to have them too
it's the newbies face I've ever seen
that's a weird face that your tongue
just hangs out so we went to new college
here in Sarasota
because Ali's brother boys graduated he
finishes his deepest with B's
undergraduate thesis did they make him
write a thesis actually for an undergrad
which is crazy so we're here and they're
gonna squirt like the first years
students with water guns against the
tradition or something yeah so it's
gonna be interesting going on why are
you doing this right now I thought you
were gonna burn your
it's like battlegrounds so what are you
doing
away
finding your old dresses you're gorgeous
and Zoe's looking at reflections these
Charles Charles Trippy with Marley Zoe
and his family
