that's what we did oh my god no words uh
what's with the makeup lady total ten
hours ten ten hours ten hours ten hours
I I'm an idiot
that's all I'm saying he's an idiot too
we rule the one thing that we absolutely
need to get on that boat more than
anything else he's locked in a safe in
Delhi without a passport that's the
question I doubt it I don't think you're
seeing this tomorrow so we've already
gone here on our best pal he's ignoring
Harley she doesn't like my hair people
ignore if you like look at her once and
look away she gets really mad and now
the long drive I'll be back okay Allie's
gonna play with the dogs didn't show you
guys the fun day why I'm driving
constantly so if you're just joining us
actually that would be funny you guys
just like join YouTube videos Midway
yeah so if you're just joining us I'm
currently having to drive to Tallahassee
and back tonight
and because Allie and I and our frantic
leaving I guess frantic not thinking we
forgot our passports and we're going on
a cruise and I guess never since January
2007 you have to have a passport if
you're leaving the country so gotta go
get that that's fun
I also because I'm awesome I forgot some
props that I needed to film the last
part of a video we're uploading a new
video on youtube.com slash Charles
Trippy you guys are gonna really like
it's a really awesome video and really
awesome contest so that'll be a fun
Sunday but I forgot the props to shoot
it so we're gonna go up for that - so
basically Charles is slowly losing his
mind or brain this brain matter I'm
losing everything and yeah needless to
say it's gonna be long B look at that
I'm a poet I didn't know it but I do
know it so I show it BAM you look big
and scary with your jacket that's why
everyone's scary please you guys are
just raring to go
they've been in the pool I don't know
why but look at this they just go like
whatever Charles isn't around they just
go go
Miley's getting super brave like
whenever Charles isn't around they go
crazy and they always swim he can never
get them swim I think they're afraid you
ready you ready my get the world ready
Miley ready get Zoey was playing with
that tennis ball which is her size and
then as soon as I brought out the Miley
sized ones oh he took the Miley sized
one God she's swimming all around good
job
hanging out okay so as you guys know I
was going to Tallahassee because I'm an
idiot and I was pulling into this Drive
place this establishment you might
recognize that Starbucks and Kira
stopped me at the drive-through she she
saw me so that we want to put it you
have a youtube or Twitter okay Parker
there we go
don't shout
there we go shout out the cousin cut
that do they have a name oh there we go
back in California everyone shout out in
the comments see that is awesome the
CTFxC is everywhere even the
drive-through of a Starbucks in
Bradenton Florida it's awesome look at
that I'm supporting them I just this is
what you call guerrilla advertising
it's in one of the little two things
there you go getting the giant I expect
my endorsement check later just kidding
those guys are awesome I'm only a half
an hour into this drive and guess what
my phone is not booting back up I had to
restart it
if I have to go nine hours without music
I might be a little bit insane Belize I
have a camera to talk to you so we can
at least document it for study research
and the entertainment of YouTube oh my
god it came back up oh you did it you
got it
buddy go Freddy go you can find him oh
you got one
she's like shit where's the other one
shit shit shit look one two three go
battle royale I was lying with him and
smiley turns around
nobody gets it go go money go oh I throw
too close to Zoe once again here oh my
god I've never screamed with that fast
in my life to get the camera what are
you doing God they chased it up and over
the screen and just like shot onto the
roof that was hysterical sorry no you
guys were looking forward to me going
insane maybe another day mystery guitar
man if you don't know who he is you
obviously just started up your AOL
account so go check
Oh as you guys saw earlier by the way
I'm passing Gainesville and I'm still
pretty sane but anyway so once you guys
saw the beginning of this video we have
a new intro so here's the deal we had
several intros now by an awesome guy
over at cyber tombs his his links on the
screen and it's also in the the sub bar
below I want you guys to go and
subscribe and tell him me is awesome
because they are freaking he this is
just one of them they are hilarious and
he's a really talented guy and I feel
that he captured the true nature of our
videos with these things sinks dudes for
making them because I laugh every time I
watch them so we're gonna have a new one
every day and then we're gonna alternate
on the end we're just gonna have a bunch
of awesome intro same IG show what I was
thinking about internet you know isn't
it kind of weird as you grow older your
your tastes like things that you like
totally change for example two things
specifically beer alcohol in general of
beer specifically I remember as a kid
like you know sipping like some beer
when my parents were looking and finding
it to be the most disgusting thing on
the face of the earth I I couldn't
understand how like adults
big people as I thought they were liked
it and they enjoyed it actually I didn't
know that you got drunk on it I just
figured it was like you know Jay King
like I don't know like fruit punch or
bug juice for me like coffee like coffee
completely tasted like poo to me when I
was little like terrible we granted us
still kind of tastes crappy this way I
usually advise coffee but I just thought
it was weird like how your your your
taste buds just completely change as you
get older it's like hot sauce that's
another thing like I used to hate hot
sauce and now I like spoons foods like
spoonfuls spoonfuls spoonful a spoonful
do you know what I'm saying you don't
like weight something supposed to go out
of it so this was to fly out of there
get it sorry this is the first time my
mom's ever getting a pedicure no it's
just funny cuz she's really ticklish
okay these where you can focus on it
okay this is the funniest process is
people trying to get things without
scary you have to like touch everything
like flat like this for anybody who's
ever had a manicure you know this seems
really stupid but it truly is an art
form trying to get things with wet nails
it's like you can't do it
what is the fucking away of the people
looking at these guys that boat thinks
it's in the water
what a stupid boat I owe at least made
it half way now to give the passport the
props and then turn around and head back
to Sarasota let's just take a moment of
silence for our fallen bug brothers all
you guys okay the automatic fish feeder
yes it's working that was where's froggy
Mickey frogenstein oh there is all right
let's see if we can find watch you know
this would be really funny and really
lame at the same time if I came all this
way and Ali just calls us she's like oh
I found the passports in your backpack
who found them thank God okay so
apparently Zoey is not a big fan of
bubblegum yeah
belli no you don't even know what you're
barking at back on the road again I just
can't wait to get back off the road
again here we go on our way back to
Sarasota it took us four hours and ten
minutes to get here and see if we can
you beat that
oh oh of course you know driving the
speed limit of course have you ever
noticed how fast it feels like at night
when you're driving I'm driving this
speed 11 right now it feels like I'm
going 90 because there's nobody on the
road
it's like Lost Highway I just get
freaked out when I'm walking let me see
your face that's perfect
like I used to like it when I was a kid
but now like after coming here late at
night I've just been scared by other
people that I see I know that sounds
mean but like I've had crazy people talk
to me so now I'm not a big fan of
alright we can't find the dogs there's
one by the toilet you in trouble what
you didn't do anything she's been doing
this all like sleeping on the bathroom
rug is it cuz you got your luck at door
I cannot tell you how many times they
come through that cat door it is
hilarious cuz her head and neck fit
perfectly through there solid round have
you okay here here's something have you
ever been driving for so long and then
once you finally got to the place to
where you actually were driving to and
then you think about it and you don't
remember the drive at all
yeah modern time travel wrap your head
around that I had no idea how I got back
here as you can see I have my awesome
hair I had to film a scene before we
left for the folks I'm uploading a video
on the Charles Trippy channel you guys
are gonna be really excited about this
this is a really good contest for you
guys it'll be up on Sunday I'll be on
the boat so I wanted to get everything
taken care of stop editing right now and
it is currently 441 4:45 in the morning
and we leave at 8:00 so I'm not gonna
sleep very much but I just want to let
you guys know that when we're on the
boat I'm going to upload the videos
pretty early so it's not going to be the
typical time so expect them early I will
see you guys every single day we're
gonna be uploading every single day
we're not gonna miss a day and I will
see you guys soon I'm gonna get back to
doing this so I can finish it I hope you
guys like it it's really funny it was
really fun to shoot and I love
tear these Charles Charles Trippy with
Marley's oen his fiancee Ally
shut up indecision
