see if you can see and we're gonna head
over to TPA every way to go see - the
bear I'm really excited
yes I've never seen their lives really
excited and I'm really hopeful that
they're really amazing because their
apples are great you know like when you
see a band that you've never seen live
for the first time and you you you get
disappointed because they're not as good
as the album that puts so much
production in the album they just can't
recreate it I really hope that they
don't do that but we'll find out and you
guys are coming with us we're sneaking
in
I can hardly tell
on our way to the tampa we're gonna go
see - the bear you excited yeah we're
gonna hang out with Andrew and Rachel
though right now about so so we're gonna
go hang out with though though since
they're going on the cruise with us
we're gonna make sure our plans are all
synchronized and Ali wants a coffee not
me not me
she doesn't like coffee but she wants
one that's all
I'm afraid of puts me but she has a red
ball
you must think I'm bad with caffeine
yeah now you haven't seen a live calf
no coffee
that's because she had a nap yesterday
we shot our the other day we showed you
her ally worked before we did the
YouTube that's my old job right there I
used to always vlog at the top of that
dome I would sneak out and I would do
flogs a lot of my early videos are me up
there on top of that dome super old and
super boring and super crappy right now
it's not that scary
it's just a little bit scary oh look sit
Angels and Airwaves they're gonna be
wait tomorrow they'll be here tomorrow
yeah there's - two bears tour bus oh
wait you know this is I don't think this
is gonna be at them no it is to be at
the ridge there's also people lining up
oh this is my favorite okay I have so
many memories of this parking garage of
forgetting that it's cash only and then
you know a bunch of people you know
behind you you trying to leave and you
only have credit card push green button
then take ticket thank you okay I'm from
the future that teleported to the past
so let you guys know that in the next
few minutes bunch of minutes are gonna
be about awesome bands if you don't like
music you're like ooh like music then
you're probably gonna want to just
fast-forward this video but if you're
awesome and I know all the CTFxC ders
are awesome you're gonna enjoy these
awesome awesome bands okay I'm gonna go
teleport back to the future now here's
Charles in the past
so we're here we got to the wrists and
we let Scott right Scott he came here to
the bus fare show too and we parked
right next to each other pretty quick
if there's really no one here
there's like no one here
ruins back here
hey what were they call the van
young vaginas younger the giant go check
them out they were really good guys got
a good boys
Ali thought it was young vaginas I don't
think that's right
young vagina
Thank You Johnny what do you let's thank
you
a little bit on the coffee is hitting
here now
like I'm looking around
Thanks
come back
so what'd you think hold on you guys I
feel like I got time travel in the past
and warn you because this blog is gonna
be seriously really long and all about
music so travel was a good warning so
that was awesome they played for like an
hour and a half yeah I'd say that they
were probably one of the best live live
shows I've seen in a while like they
actually can play and sing so we gotta
go though here
oh now the fun begins
yeah I turned it off to learn about so
how'd you guys like it are you guys fans
of beyonc√©'s Achaeans as a fans are you
guys fans of Everest Young the Giant and
of course - the bear I hope you guys are
you guys always are asking you know what
are some of our favorite bands and we
just showed you some so I hope you guys
liked it I know it's long and loud and
hard oh are you trying to Ally's playing
Words With Friends and she's playing her
one of her good friends and what would
you get I'm cheating I'm cheating oh
that would be so good so I'm hoping you
guys enjoyed that and if you want us to
do more concerts like this record and
show you guys some more contests tell us
in the comments and also tell me which
bands you like to bet the most everest
young - giant or - - there so now we got
to drive all the way back to Sarasota
place we're not driving to Tallahassee
that was
gotta love parking garages we we
literally have not moved in like 15
minutes
make sure they can I like here
these Charles Charles champion with
myleeza Rihanna's fiance Ali you can
watch this channel hoodie indecision
from the internet
