we learn to swim in the seas like fish
never mind there's brothers and sisters
Oh No
I was just telling Ali like when we were
driving it's super late now it's like
two thirty in the morning and we decided
that it would be fun to go to a place
that was featured on man's verse man vs
food called munchies 420 cafe basically
they're open to what 420a afternoon the
420 a night on the website is at 420
p.m. 2 420 am so we wanted to what we
waited we were right down there this
afternoon and we're like we know let's
go away at night and see what how
interesting this I'll turn the music
down it's this band is called good
riddance if you don't know good riddance
amazing band oh this is good we ever
started a vlog at night in a long time I
think the road trip or something like
that
hello the build up here comes
Kazon day is a good song we this is
really good isn't it this is my favorite
favorite Kazon day song I don't wanna
music hollow or whatever k you outdid
yourself on this song looking like a
fool with your pants on the ground
whatever happened to this poor guy we
found it cuz your mama don't cook past
midnight
what ten cheese and fried Twinkies this
is what was on man vs food the fire in
the hole it firing your whole thing we
should come back and do that one day you
mesmeric
what is that oh and the best part is
that we have it's always sunny in
philadelphia in the background I came
out to invest
we should start like setting them up and
not not finishing it now I really have a
look at all these people who are so
clearly really high
this is by far the coolest cafe ever I
mean on Thursday Friday night under
their meal morning oh yeah I guess it's
326 but I mean I've never been to a
restaurant who is playing it's always
sunny in philadelphia I mean immediately
comes to the rules please everyone yeah
immediately immediately I mean let's
take a look at this this menu for a
second there's fried twinkies fried
cheesecake which by the way Ali just
ordered fried cheesecake what else be
like dang collision ded kalisch asst
she's chicken nuggets check out with his
food okay she's burger Philly chicken
fingers mozzarella sticks and potatoes
lettuce tomato bet the mayonnaise and
ketchup OH once you know the fat daddy
was another thing that guy a man first
booth and me
oh yeah that's right there right there
all right I'm gonna try this fried
cheesecake
there it is all calls glory
man should not consume that
there's a reason something that no man
should taste this delicious when you
want it every day of your life
I can only imagine what a fried twinkie
with this like trying to find the man
first verse third guy but I couldn't
remember is he on the wall of fame or
the wall of pain like is he they win or
did he lose it I couldn't find him at
all so um if you're in Sarasota fine
munchies 420 cafe cuz that was I was
pretty funny the fried cheese to cheese
cake was pretty awesome that was it if
you like that I got it I said Patty's
Irish husband oh yeah what is Patti hi
Patti Irish everybody in here oh damn it
now we're gonna go home and go to bed
after digesting all that crappy food
dude nobody should ever eat food like
that although i'm so full now and it's
awesome Todd day I guess she's enjoying
it get it get it right there get it she
can't see it get a toy right there thank
you guys I ridiculous just wanna be next
to me while I'm editing both in the same
chair my editing part is pretty much how
I got taking up so much room it's always
got nothing nice hair babe and I'm my
face blank didn't get a Joey one don't
get it dunk your head under do it hey I
think she can do it you were not like
Kobe that's for sure yeah good job Angie
jock I wanted to show you guys this
stuff really quick so the awesome
awesome people at fish head down at the
guys who make her t-shirts um they sent
me some footage I wanted to show you
Kevin the owner sent me some footage I
wanted to put the vlog because he sent
the footage of of them making the the
shirts so I thought it'd be really
interesting to show you guys so here's
the guys at fish head net making our
CTFxC gear
those guys are so awesome they've been
so helpful with us they'd like every
time we run out there like so quick to
get us our new shirts so you guys aren't
waiting too long if you guys ever need
shirts made if you want your own
t-shirts for YouTube go to fish head net
email them tell them I sent sent you and
there are the nicest people so yeah go
check them out as always links in the
sub babalu about bro i just paid the
most I've ever paid for coffee in my
entire life I just wanted to show you
guys with a receipt right now i just put
32 cents my Visa card I think that's the
least amount that I've ever charged on a
credit card ever I think no way remember
I bought that screw that one time from
ace hardware for a nickel I put a nickel
on my visa card I feel like it's like my
way of sticking it to the man you know
like take that visa my question to you
guys tell me in the comments below what
is the least amount that you've ever
charged in the credit card it does not
to be visa and up what did you buy if
you want to MIT to it like basically
mine is used if there'd be two cents for
a coffee or 5 cents first screw I want
to see if anyone can beat that so we're
going to a Mexican restaurant that has
live mariachi right now I don't have my
sunglasses and my face is bright red
like pastor instead of it a little bit
there you know I always every time I
think of a mariachi band is it bad i
think of like Speedy Gonzales you know I
hate it is it's not racist is that's
what comes to mind I can hear him oh my
god quiero
Oh
Oh
Slayer
it's apparently really hot sauce but
also not really haha julu it sucks the
10 go how about three con shut up sorry
that was mean Charlie you want to give a
shout out to anyone hey okay Charles be
just being a very nice person so I know
what you have a shout out for long 7
north class 7 north a new game Charles
and Ally wrong that's me because she
wraps too though and this is my friend
from ok I was doing that sappy like I've
known you for everything because I've
known her since she was really little
and now she's like awesome and all grown
up it's crazy they just go so fast
k down for going home so look who I just
dognapped supco wanna go swimming yeah
let's go look at how each iggy is you
can like Barry we couldn't show him
because the lights totally dark guess
welcomes bring him back nou Destin see
you in the water again famous he is so
me call me scuba Kobe come on Kobe he's
like a seal he's like a sea lion like
you guys see this bar right here that
bar it's in Toronto that's boondock
saints um wouldn't they have the Toronto
gathering with it was likeshe Olga
myself and a couple other people and
Phil we accidentally stumbled upon that
bar and we were drinking there and then
we actually took her talking to the
bartender and he was like yeah they
filmed boondock saints here so that was
really cool he's Charles Charles Trippy
with Marley so me and his fiance Ali you
can watch me on this channel we need a
decision from the internet
