good morning everyone I'm blogging on
Ali's camera I haven't done this in a
while see the red one we're on our way
to Sarasota see the key like if you saw
SNL with betty white CSI sarasota we're
here now and we're gonna do an interview
with stir-fried TV on youtube and they
got a big tour bus and everything so
we're gonna meet him out there super
early i bet it that's I think that's
probably better for them remind me guys
there's a place right here on the corner
I don't know where like brown what does
that road call it out like right here
coming up
but there's a built this restaurant
right here basically Elvis ate there and
a head like a section roped off
supposedly stopped there at eight and
they have it roped off so we're gonna go
there one day just remind me thank you I
found it I think we found I think that's
it right there hey giant tour bus forgot
there's a giant tour bus we're going on
tour forgot to tell you guys CTFxC going
on tour he's got a fish
you got something here it's a saltwater
Gator hello fishy be so funny if you
just like went into the water
hi this is stir-fried TV wait a few if
you didn't know right here right here
the big that's that guy right here okay
guys fishing just came up and asked us
if we're cooking oh I was like no so we
just did that interview with steph
youtube.com slash stir-fried TV guys
should go check out that interview I'm
not sure when it's gonna be up so you
can go subscribe over there I'll ready
to go find some food if you guys ever
seen that thing man versus food and the
guy did a place called a one to a place
called munchies 420 cafe guess it's like
one just stoner stuff and I think it's
only open from 422 something we're gonna
try to do that wire ones there so we
might do it now but it might be closed
it's not quite 420 it so it's 1230 I
don't think the stoners are up yet Hey
oh honey opening my friends in there oh
yeah I totally wrecked America probably
just parking and usually choice of four
places right there's like this pizza
given the food orders we're getting a
quick tour tell us Ali's showing us
around this is her old stomping grounds
my own something that is yes the beach
right over there what a beautiful beach
in the world oh is it really it's like
why tap out it's actually one of the top
the sand is one of the define of the
finest yeah nicest and I think clear
wanted me to spy one of the best clear
orders beautiful day we should raise a
better who's a better driver male drive
oh you're a better driver I have never
gotten an accident Charles comment I
feel that I have more years on my
driving experience and tickets I've been
hit I'm on record people have hit me I
haven't hit today I can't park here
again
this is where the restaurant I'm just
act like I don't don't uh act like we're
going here we're gonna go in the front
door and out the back so she's getting
out Charles is he well she gave in so
okay she five right so that's the thing
she's comfortable in the fact that she's
right that's why I thing is that yeah
how many happenings I know he's wrong
you want to you want to prove him wrong
okay I'll keep filming this yeah let's
elaborate on this I'll give you this
footage for your daily thank you no yeah
you totally can I need a cocktail oh man
oh here we go we're gonna say Charles is
not this is great that sounds good has
the stuff is off the camera yeah okay
this is the nitty-gritty that's right
okay try okay I'm good locking working
yeah we're going on here just um we'll
go out the back window Oh as you saw
from their footage that there were these
recording I totally won victorious
victorious music touristic you found the
part that's that's true that's your but
i directed him that I did you did it so
teamwork it was it there's about a team
effort we were I got out here wait
you're filming each other now yes I'm
coming Charles ego it is so we just went
and had some food where do we go
daiquiri deck Zachary deck and now we're
going to the beach now they're gonna try
to park that giant tour bus on the beach
to do part two of this interview not
sure when ours like i was saying i don't
know when ours will be on but the links
in the sub bar i can go check them out
if they're really cool they got a really
cool idea going and hopefully you know
it's like a YouTube variety show so it's
kind of cool you know that Mythbusters
episode where they do drafting on NC
it's like a fish in like fuel efficiency
what I don't come on their friends we
can wait they said what was it like if
you drafted like 20 feet or something
like it's like eighty percent yeah it
was something crazy like 10 or 20 feet
you get eighty percent increase in
gasoline in tank on your car so the
fishes yeah so sorry there's
Commonwealth that's wise
yeah mr. start drafting so we are
currently at siesta key beach this is
where I grew up actually is where Ali
and I grew up yeah it's like the nice
speech will show you Hey look at that
Stan powers you see that guy back there
he's hanging out he's the producer in
the smokies and he's having Ali and I
wanted like he wants a line I to go out
there and film a bunch of stuff if I
guess he wants like fours TV stations or
something no he's helping us he said
he'd bring all the bikinis but I don't
see you enjoying yourself yeah we did
maybe we can get a hot dinner center for
him here he's calling in his buddies are
they we should call today should we call
today bikinis on the beach hot hot hot
sexy sexy people he's going on the beach
yeah I think God the sun's going down
hey baby loungin oh yeah just came out
on the beach at school alright it's
alright it's alright there's so many
people here we're like in the perfect
spot it's like perfect shape until they
want to do volleyballs cool because it's
visual once it is help me yeah yeah cuz
if it was like totally clear right now
okay he drinks authority bring em on it
okay again we want to think scooter a
river Oh what do they do preparing
something that I don't even know oh you
are so hood Oh check us out winter and
river and Justin yeah every subscriber
gets some free dumplings go go subscribe
you like stir fry go to their channels
will give away fortune good you can
handle awesome it's a walk driver
fortune cookie so we just spent the
whole day with these guys they're
awesome go check them out they feature
some really great people um so you
should definitely go subscribe yeah
like Ellie's homie is handcuffed guy
that's what there's nothing to do in the
beach there's a screenshot do to remain
on the people that's the walk of shame
right there that is the freaking
ultimate walk of shame that's my face
looking is it nice say oh yeah yeah yeah
it's nice and red right oh we have
permission we can we can show this an
awesome look at this the bathroom more
than anything it shows the bathroom okay
you gotta check this out they have a
sick bus yes please wait how do I open
it oh hello look at that look at that
wallpaper is it look at the fact that
the sink is like him oh yeah I think
when you need to buy bus like this
babies are touring oh my god should we
start touring you guys yes yeah
absolutely the big CTFxC tour dog kennel
this will be their kennel they take over
everything all the dogs everything yeah
oh look at that and then this goes out I
have a long yeah by tukey's this this is
a crazy crazy crazy tour bus you could
do it you do wow that is awesome that's
when the rebels cheese what should just
fall out yeah making I'm a shitty dad
you know and you know the cool thing is
you guys stir fry is all of them there
is no corporate it's just these guys
that's why it's off fortune cookies and
cuts of fortune that's what's really
awesome about these guys I feel like we
need a tour bus now so they gave us
fortune cookies since their stir-fry if
it has to custom see what it says
what's it say stir-fried TV com register
now or go to prison in bed oh my god
those are some funky fans
funky bass I honestly haven't been to
sarasota square mall since I was
probably eight it's really funny it's a
little bit different food what you up
here I guess you don't see that every
day I really almost walked out in front
of three
do I would love to drive that thing
so I just spilled my coffee because I'm
so jittery and FYI went and got tickets
we got our tickets to minus the bear for
the 12th anyone going to my spare show
that guy's wants his hit everyone minus
the bear how she run away gonna hit you
know
it's lovely coming I was just looking at
Twitter and apparently what we were
doing the whole stir-fry thing totally
missed this hack that was going around
Twitter where everyone was able to get
famous people or anybody to like follow
you did you hear about that out if you
type in the word except I don't know a
plus K or accept Oprah Winfrey it would
force them to actually follow you and
yeah and apparently some Turkish guy
figure this out and it's just a command
that's all it was wasn't even a hack i
say hack but it wasn't a hack at all so
my question to you is if you guys knew
about it who was the coolest person that
you made follow you was it Oprah was
Bill Gates who would you get the follow
you if you hit this Jonas Brothers oh my
god Justin Bieber hair pie guy you would
die of Justin Bieber he's 14 I saw I was
just curious if you guys knew about the
hack one if you knew about it and to who
the coolest person that you had follow
you celebrity wise left turn aye aye
captain computer so does this mean that
the the the Internet apocalypse is
coming now that Twitter's falling if
Twitter falls does it mean the internet
falls there's are basically the spine of
the internet so everyone wrong Twitter
died ah is that marley run in there hi
Marley hi Molly bye bye z at home sick
no no no no
get in the pool quick bath you want a
bath you want a bath Oh bath time watch
what i say this special one and should
go in the pool by yourself I'm gonna get
you know nice and slow steady wins the
race you just ran 2.2 miles that's
pretty impressive you get to go in the
pool now okay do I'm going have you seen
my baseball have you seen my baseball
make its you begging where's the other
one look at that one fighter spider so
he came over to go say hi to Tyson my
mom and my dad and here he is mr.
surgery boy how you feeling but he's got
hit the head are you feeling say hi hi
Internet you just don't you just a
little Wiggly guy there chilling they're
just both hanging out on your lab goby
listen we're 3 does here's a hand he
nibbles you got your Pokemon get your
quarry yo your Pokemon
Oh me let's kick in the shin its face
he's Charles Charles Trippy with my
laser Marianas fiance alley you can
watch it on this channel we need a
decision from the internet
