now go go go car coming asshole so at
school with my daughter
yeah get away from me
morning morning you mean late afternoon
whatever it is in white boy in the
afternoon Internet a little video out of
my face I wish you guys a smaller breath
right now we've had Greek food yeah
we're getting a little late start today
last night we're up until like three or
four I think editing the video yesterday
I don't know why it took so long but I
think it's just because we kind of took
a break and watched a couple movies and
just chilled it's kind of nice but as a
result we were up all night editing I'm
walking the dogs you know that fun stuff
he's always have fun with snapchat
I love the doctrine and then I loved our
the funny one
I love the bunny one that was my Steve
it was the longest thing but now I think
I really like the mouse if it looks like
I have one on it always goes in
what is the temperature degree same as
yesterday
where are the idiots that are going to
try to fix the yard a little bit just
because tomorrow I have an MRI checkup
and then Friday I have another thing so
it's like our only day that we can
actually get some things done that we
really need to get some things done
because yesterday we had an ally and
Charles played a and hit the Busch
Gardens roads two roller coasters ally
totally got screwed yesterday yeah you
got screwed yesterday she got completely
soaked on that ride three times and I
got like so not even a little bit which
kind of sucks because I really wanted to
get wet because it was so hot it was
like 100 degrees yesterday it was look
like a bunch of balls fit head-body
legs here we could do this in agreement
you got a little teeny-weeny you could
be well-endowed see litera wasn't me at
that turning into my father can't put
something on this and expect me not to
do it asking for it slowly disaster 27
times
just my beef charm okay
so chars all of this which I'm very
excited about because we're going to do
on the side with grasses and growing
clipping we add muck with the dollar
next card
well we'll clean it out as a piece of
mulch that one rate through a leash ooh
you okay
that's insane where's that thing is this
right here if seriously we're going to
be loaded now Thanks so people that
mulch is freaking dangerous kind of
scary to think about this I thought
wasn't now I suppose you know me feel
bottled blue today
these are from the seed the grass is
finally growing and we're about to give
up on it nice things it'll go here
that's a good point
I can't believe it actually worked out
yeah it took them a couple months to go
to the GoPro action ready one two three
let's go give them our view pee on this
yet I'm going to chop those real feet
off
we have done everyone something bad
we got you brought your boat out
they had better grass this time look at
that other look I think I'm gonna come
up with nice kind you want me to do a
full flat shower I want a shower okay
why are you opening your mouth you know
it's kind of funny three days in a row
now somebody has gotten sprayed with
water I'm like a sad person it's like
Charlie Brown and there might really get
sad and play through right up in the
nose really wash up it's going on we're
back we're never good negative oh I'm
sorry
feel good do it clean I feel like all
right here
back of the head good presence of
Kingsley
honey are you free how did you get there
your house what a hard who do that I
don't think self giving a hug what else
I'm out sob I'm sorry I look like I
torture you but I probably am yeah what
to think about that you think about that
it's not for you don't tell me what you
want what you really really want don't
tell me what you want you really really
want I'll tell you what I want where
they really rely I wanna I wanna I wanna
because it's a day
it's mine thing somewhere Rach I'm sure
they already know we're at the beach guy
go figure
I'm thinking they put two and two
together though Ali and I used to be
able to come see the sunset a lot but
lately we've been really busy so we
didn't have much time but today we got a
bunch of stuff done at the house as you
guys got to see first person view and
it's starting to look really nice you
didn't get enough rocks so we kind of
took some time and just went to go see
the the sunset and I got the drone so
we're gonna get some aerial shots of
course naturally the waterslide why are
we here more when is that open we are
enjoying a Oh Quran there we go
I got sand in the shut up of course the
new camera gets sand I got to get them
drone up there right well we just
decided to come out here because wine we
never take advantage of what is right in
front of us which is our little beach in
this beautiful weather we're going to
talking about how like when you have one
thing you always want the other so like
if we lived on the beach we would always
want to be in land and when we're inland
we would always want to be on the beach
was it the grass is greener always on
the other side alleys snapchatting right
now I'm some a snapchat insolvable okay
I'm gonna go put this thing in the air
I think this is like a well-deserving
evening for us because who did a lot of
work today not quite well we kind of
finished it as the worst place to be
when taking off and out
did you event oh my god you want to move
away oh my god can you imagine
hopefully that peanut right up there all
that fun stuff still have fun rain cloud
yumminess let's just hope that it
doesn't come while we're flying the
drone what that's okay
thing is to like tomorrow we have an MRI
I have an MRI and always very calming
yeah every day or every time the day
before I always get like really freaked
out I know nothing's wrong but every
single time I just get freaked out so
Ali suggested doing this I was like you
want to go to the beach I can't you want
to fly the drone at the beach okay
it's been long overdue but I'm going to
go ahead and use my Sony that I got for
Christmas have a little malfunction over
there
I brought my Sony because I wanted to
try and take some photos because I
haven't been using is that much
something I can capture some good photos
while he captures some beautiful video
I think we got here just in time got to
see the Sun fall as you will survey said
and see that storm that's coming for us
clouds look crazy though only bad thing
about a sunset is that it doesn't last
long
yeah I feel like lately it's been
setting so much quicker because
sometimes it takes like what 10 minutes
50 minutes to fall maybe not that much
maybe I'm being a little dramatic there
but this time I swear it took like 2
minutes for the Sun to set that is so
intimidating right there
I love storms was that well that's why I
was wondering why everything so dark
come here
you like like such a beyblade on the
beach right now
good thank you for never slow my drill
the way of your legs all right I'm a
little terrified is all nothing but sand
up here you know what's good about
flying this thing right now I've been on
the sand all that sand gone because they
just have to land on ahead
Bravo okay I feel like cameras not doing
this justice this is really crazy right
now
I don't even I like combats various for
you sick
well this is something that I don't
recommend we decided a well you hope you
kind of fun to camp on the beach you
know it see it's beautiful now but the
thing is you don't realize is that the
beach is very humid so like in the
middle of the night you forget that
you're sweating and sticky or migraine
or it might rain thing about Florida
it's like it's so beautiful or your tent
gets blown over I just remember it was
such a good idea but it wasn't executed
very nice we were standing mounting a
train a little bit Oh when we can't uh
no wasn't the beach was just the woods I
remember - you were sitting in the what
of the water and that was uphill so you
were sleeping the water I was not today
continuing our little date night very
tiny because I'm Devon turn off human
scissors
you hear all my hold on it this is the
only reason why we're actually on a date
because you wanted that look delicious
though some of the wedding photos yeah
show one look at that one is one of
course you're excited that's a great the
good one Oh beautiful heart we were
thinking maybe we should do like a bonus
wedding photo video I don't know what do
you guys think all up to you guys let me
know in the comments we'll try to get
that happen because there are so many
photos I've been going through there's a
hundreds of them alright guys well I
hope you enjoyed today's video we're
going to go through all the wedding
photos right now and tomorrow morning I
got to wake up at like 7:00 or 8:00 in
the morning and do an MRI checkup I
always get kind of freaked out or
nervous I know there's nothing wrong but
it's just those checkups
anytime you go to the doctor even the
dentist just think about how it feels
like going to the dentist
I still hate going to the dentist I'm in
my 30s I can only imagine how I felt
when I was younger
anyway I will see you guys tomorrow Zoe
have a wonderful night and we'll see you
again like I said tomorrow's always I
got
