you guys getting ready to go you have
your bags packed how'd you pack those
all by yourself that's pretty amazing
yeah we should bring the rain jacket
what about that I should have bet Ali
like $10 that she can bring just one
pair of shoes I just got some sugar late
for my mommy
because I'm a bad kid and I didn't get
him on this day present until Mother's
Day and one of the cute little gift
boxes for the moms will be heading down
the stairs so shortly and hopefully
we'll make it there in time to take our
moms out for dinner cuz we got kind of a
late start this morning
I woke up this morning and I turned over
and Charles wasn't in the bed so I
walked out into the living room and he
was on the couch and that can only mean
one thing because he went to bed in the
same bed as me but he ended up on the
couch that means I was snoring too
loudly for him to be able you totally
want that sandwich don't you guys so
we're on our way down to Sarasota we're
going to we have an interview with stir
fried TV and Sarasota on Monday and then
we're going to know and then we're going
on to the - Barrett concert on the 12th
if it's not sold out or the 13th
whatever day it was the 11th I don't
even know whose this week and then we're
going on a cruise for four days that is
adorable Zoe
hello
I bet it's long at 70 miles per hour
yeah no we're going 70 yeah what are you
talking about we're going 70 miles an
hour
always
oh this is my way away I reach Allah
declare man
so we are over the halfway mark back
down to Sarasota and we're passing where
we used to live in Tampa there's all the
way there it is there's our old exit
right there good old Tampa
by old Tampa place and there's that
giant bridge that alleys always talking
about I think any other vlog a couple
days ago that box place right there
that's who I got the the box for mailing
myself to Spain on the Charles Trippy
channel memories
Jeff go blue
scary
you fall asleep now I don't know if you
can hear her like baby whining
what was that Zoey there's something at
the door who's there Zoey
hello tomorrow we're gonna go see maybe
later tomorrow we'll go see Tyson so
yeah most of went and said that test is
doing really good so we're gonna go she
got all your letters by the way I gave
her all your letters so she's gonna go
look at look through all that stuff what
you say which is apple juice if you guys
didn't know it's apple juice shot of
apple juice do the water fight though
you can do it what she doesn't know is
it's freezing that looks so cool the
light
she keeps running over there watch this
it's going to water it's wonder water it
slowly underwater are you hiding look at
Marley Ali's only been treading water
for two minutes that she's feeling it
come on Joe
he's Charles Charles camping with my
loser me and his fiance Allie
