all right so getting ready to shoot this
this fifty fifties I got my Buddy Holly
glasses gonna look pretty business√≠
and I'm basically going for the Darrin
Stephens and this is my this is my
jacket let's go put that on there what
do you think grandma this is gonna be in
black and white so you know I could be
able to tell my fashion oh it's all can
you tell I dress up a lot all right
where's the button I think there we go I
think this is gonna be better good think
this is gonna be like black and white
because like nothing matches so we're
just going for the look of it I can't I
do this with one hand okay there we go
I'm home what are you doing looking out
the window this is what she does a lot
she looks out the window when she's
bored and barks at people but she
doesn't bark she goes since she's like a
quiet into a bar it's like roof roof
right okay just like a ball you got all
your favorite toys
my brother window - you're funny all
right let's see your 50s housewife well
it actually does I think was that means
Betty Page so it's very 50s isn't it
that's your baby yeah it's a pretty page
right we're ready we gotta get the
filming now we have to have this all be
able to have to costume back by oh man
and four and a half hours see if we can
do this yeah nothing to do the toilets
not a dance that's just the twist just
an awkward dance anyway booty shake
butis a booty shake what do you say q
did Buddy Holly outfit oh my gosh I feel
like Buddy Holly is rolling around in
his grave right now
now he's proud of Marian
okay well that's a wrap I only just you
know spilled the prop water that Ali was
drinking in the video I was I was like
oh I'm gonna put everything away and I
went to put it away and I dumped it over
a hole down me so that'll be on the
Charles Trippy YouTube back on so
Charles Trippy channel sometime next
week hopefully so yeah we're gonna go
take back some of the costumes that we
had to the costume shop and then maybe
go to the park and let the dogs run
around and then go roller derby so I
needed to take a shower and get rid of
this hair cuz it's me this is not me is
it may get a little lower maybe she can
do it womp stop oh they're playing games
no how do you know that we're playing
games well it's called the swamp stop
we're gonna watch some bring to watch
some girls beat up on some other girls
all by the lady's eye I shaved again
this for the video I figured you know I
haven't shaved since I was like 16 and
yeah you know in the past week and a
half two weeks I've shaved twice for
video so bad
what she's gonna do that we are now
closed captioned she has to write what
we say so if I say penis boobs vagina
penis penis penis I could have fun with
this closed captioning thing I don't
know if it's turned on right now because
it's gonna take a while but we're gonna
try to have closed captioning on these
vlogs now so thank you Dakota that's
awesome balls a little Ewok looking
thing is keeps following Marley
everywhere they're defending Oh tackled
building Venus I really feel bad for
Dakota having to do subtitles for this
vlog you get your you got your whip it
style stuff to get your bright lipstick
I was just saying you look like Rosie
the riveters especially with the
lipstick so we're going to the roller
derby I'm really excited and we're gonna
see some women some women on women
action yeah circus is in town
so we were just talking about who we've
never actually know we don't know
anything about roller derby so we don't
know if it's like UFC or if it's like
wrestling with each other's ass so we're
gonna find out to be released have you
guys ever been to a roller roller derby
yeah you guys win there tell us your
experiences because the a participant
pretty crazy
we were on the Gators side we don't
wanna get her side
you got
bring can be
this is wall of pain retina kilt
Battlestar Galactica
whoa
really cool I need y'all around
you want to do that now
I really do okay you know I got compared
to a tougher ally I'd be like that would
be like her being toadstool and then
being like Wario in Mario Kart you're
smaller than pretty that was really
interesting if you guys are in this area
go watch the Tallahassee Roller Girls if
not go to a roller derby it's pretty fun
like that so exciting and like it's
really fun it's like okay you know I
didn't understand it but oh yeah those
those girls gonna kick my ass I didn't
get her support I didn't understand it
but now I understand it's pretty simple
where's our car you got a finder you're
down like well no I don't know if you
guys can hear that but they're doing the
stanky leg in the circus came to see you
I know but you can hear the stanky leg
speaking of the stanky leg have you ever
seen the stanky like baby video some rap
songs little kids should not be dancing
to it might understand the word that's
the problem they don't understand the
words coming back just thinking like
baby is pretty hilarious I think it's a
dorm if so that was awesome now I'm
sitting here I'm doing some editing on
the new video you like that my Darrin
Stephens and gonna send Oh Oh No nom nom
nom
look all those ladies have to send out
so I'm gonna go finish this and I might
see a little bit later tonight
I gotta remember to turn my phone off so
everyone followed me out blippi knows
that I have an addiction to this show
now Mythbusters I've been watching this
show for Ali was like oh god not again
all the conspiracy thing about the movie
so what do you guys think did NASA faked
the moon landing or was it legit what do
you think we all do
he's Charles Charles champion with more
loser Rihanna's fiancee Allie you can
watch this channel we need a decision
from the internet television
