hey guys good afternoon guess what we
got to get the Starbucks five by five
o'clock come on we gotta go we gotta go
we gotta go
five o'clock five o'clock half priced at
forty nose doggies
this kid why is it glowing pretty get it
okay so that ball and this thing I'm
going to show you right now is from
Patty and Murphy from Tampa okay look at
this it's a ball right but when the dogs
put it in their mouth it's a mustache so
isn't it funny
thank signo don't like it put peanut
butter on oh you did get it get it
open your mouth what are you get it well
if you guys decide to chew on it it'll
be funny get the moustache Nick it they
sent what quite possibly could be the
greatest coffee cup ever right here what
video games this from delivering the
future what that weights like loin how
do I get it think a little game there
you go grass because it's glowing
kitchen or not oh you want the mustache
Oh Marley just blocked that view dog but
I totally have to go for the Half Price
frappuccinos and look at starbucks is
hot not hopping but Haughton and then
we're gonna go to our favorite costume
store
talk to him about making a special
costume for our super secret awesome
tent spectacular webseries that we want
we've been working on for about like a
year so we're gonna see what actually is
it that wears that way it's left or
right left it's always like that way
damn it anymore
do a barrel roll hey stay stay
barrel roll no no no nice awesome one
sake you asshole
so we're at our favorite costume shop
this is where we got our rabbit suit and
she's crying I see it do you see it I
think it might be dirt so I need to find
a 50 style businessman suit we're hoping
this place has it there I got my 1950s
Darrin Stephens you want to travel she
has already passed happy hour this is my
Darrin Stephens quick what what TV show
awesome TV show we talked about this was
Darrin Stephens on will the character of
Darrin Stephens anyways my jacket Ellen
then I got these Buddy Holly glasses I
need to pop the the lenses out there we
go pump these out there we go we look
just like Buddy Holly oh and you're Mary
Tyler Moore I don't care what they say
about it anyway I don't care about that
oh so we got props and hopefully we can
shoot this video this evening whoo are
you bored cool noise
your helmet on put your helmet on quick
where I put your helmet on helmet
do you ever signs them night Shyamalan
oh god yeah little aluminum foil thing
and then they work in the house and
Joaquin Phoenix is like on the couch
this one on but I'll give some like you
know these are we're gonna refer these
tamales though is special especially
those are the thinking caps
oh hi has you seen my ears oh my god
they're like little conductors you're
looking at the little dogs you looking
at the little doggies that other dog is
more willing to run than our docks
you guys are so goofy he wants to play
I'm not a dog you can go play with the
other dogs this just does not seem like
a good plan here comes Olli
Oh blocks Pro I can play for like I
should play World Cup okay
it's on the National Guard definitely
wrong turn sorry government driving and
it's like a restricted area Armory
entrance only I feel protected you guys
want to go to Tijuana Tijuana flats
they're cool about having dogs out front
so we always bring them with us
senator papers hello things are like a
godsend like people when they don't work
nearly there we go
really close it's a roflcopter right
about oh so I got some of the hot sauce
we're gonna do a little chat test to see
a different type of hot sausage we don't
put on this chip like so like so and
we're gonna see if I can eat this
that's a lot you can do it Charles
that's a lot Charles it's a lot one we
got two things of water ready one two
gonna cry
anything yet he's gonna puke I swear to
God if you puke I'm in a laugh the worst
part is this got my lip like firing your
lips the chief good have I told the
story about my friend who did a shot of
the hot sauce and had to go to the
hospital because it's throw its old
clothes wolf swelled clothes so we found
out why the helicopter was kind of
circling there's another bank robbery at
Wachovia oh fuck for those following me
on dailybooth I'm sorry I'm playing that
prank as you can see I do have my
eyebrows my eyebrows I posted this photo
right here and then we switched to Mac
rosy I posted that photo but I just
photoshopped my eyebrows off to pretend
like Ali did it when I was sleeping
if you fell my my photoshopping job it's
masterful
ah the photoshopping skills is powerful
with this one is I'm actually playing
with the new Photoshop that just came
out it's called content-aware or
something like that it's really crazy
for basically I've had Photoshop for
years I've been doing it since I was
like I think 14 maybe 13 so I this this
little feature has taken away what used
to take me hours okay let me show you
okay for example okay this is the
content aware feature it's right over
there
say I want to get rid of this girl I
want to get rid of dot tip in the
background all I gotta do is this color
over it right here and gone I can adjust
it a little bit cuz I missed gone okay
no say I want to get this person out of
the way yeah this person's in the way
blah blah blah take it off the photo I
just want to see the ocean just do this
outline it BAM gone with get rid of
alleys and tintin tintin tintin tintin
it's a shark accident no I love
Photoshop fine I'll go over here and see
if you can't maybe I'm like the duck
quack quack quack by the way Ali's
watching the old labyrinth with 1970s
David Bowie you can't do it I'm really
nervous
I love the soundtrack to this right now
oh you almost got me I win
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley's army and his fiancee Ally you
can watch it on this channel we need a
decision from the internet
