I just realized that I had like fifty
dollars in cash in my pocket and I think
it went through the laundry when Ali did
the laundry oh is this it wait it was
this it oh wait this is five dollars
that's not all of it gotta keep looking
and I was wearing my red pants she said
to check my red pants if it's in there
it's always like the worst feeling in
the world with me like lose cat are you
kidding me there's a hole in the pocket
I can't believe my pants David
Copperfield that money tracked however
on the upside Ali's coming home today
from Miami she as you guys saw yesterday
they went to they went to like this
crazy like Miami Club or something and
somebody was like being really rude to
one of her friends and Ali was about
basically about to cut a bitch buy a
bitch I mean a big dude see Ali's small
but I'm sure she could like serious you
probably you know what she's like Chuck
Norris Chuck Norris is small but don't
mess with Chuck Norris so right now I'm
gonna go to the bank and then we're
gonna go to this place where they sell
tickets to the roller derby so we're
gonna go to the roller derby this
weekend and basically watch other girls
on rollerblades not even rollerblades so
probably really skates I've never been
to a roller derby and I've always seen
like you know the the stereotypical you
know whatever and I'm really excited to
see this and guess who's coming not you
guys I'm leaving you home you guys
aren't coming they're coming
no I'm just kidding you're come
we got handed on the wheel she's an
expert
excuse come on are you doing your
friends all muddy
yeah that's pretty gross hello dirty dog
what are you doing somebody wants to
play you like waves of somebody for
letting you into traffic Legree I use it
for fruit people that go like this and
wave
I use the type of people that just lift
one finger like that acknowledge your
welcome thank you
are you guys with the head matters I
think I'm a finger guy I just go like
this like how does this mean you're
welcome
I don't know in my head it does also
well you know like once the reason is
what's up you know like what's up do you
go like this what's up or do you go down
I go down
isn't that weird I'm like you know it
makes sense to go up it's like hey
Charles what's hey shells what's up not
much
I'd like the backwards I'd like the
opposite of everything bye sexy mama
almost as hideous as the cube the Kia
Soul
now we're drinking juice just pleased Oh
God Kesha get away yeah I didn't I
didn't whip the camera out early enough
but they were lots of them lots of
people old people screaming from the
party bus like TVs in gas pumps what are
we doing America it's a gas station we
don't need to watch TV or pumping gas
I'm completely blown away by this right
now I'm on a mission right now to find
roller derby tickets ever there was like
sold out everywhere except for played
against sports so I'm trying to I'm
going to a new part of Tallahassee that
I've never been the dip tube that was
just white but I promise there's a cube
there Oh
roller derby yeah there's there's some
tickets there's like a couple left so
I'm gonna get those because I really
want to see girls beating up girls on
wheels because I think that's totally
hot that's so hot no it's just actually
really cool cuz they can fight kick my
ass - all right Internet keep an eye out
for played against sports although they
get a day late so you get a time travel
do that the time travel and come and
tell me now a time travel into my car
right here and tell me what to turn
alright nothing yet nothing yeah let's
go get a Taser
way to pay attention we passed it hey
just there we go alright we're good Oh
swap stop Saturday saturday Saturday May
2010 wait was it bring your own chair
what would you since Ali's gonna be
driving all the way from Miami tonight
she's not gonna get home til 3 or 7 3 or
4 I thought I should get some coffee
it's coffee I know they do gave me this
this half-price frappuccinos for like 9
days he gave it to me he goes you might
want this and then I looked at it I was
like should I be that excited that's
just coffee you know what that's the
theory guys the little things in life be
excited for the little things
happen deal like you see something
that's in nature that you just there's
no there's nothing in the world that
could ever replicate like the natural
beauty of things sometimes it's like
incredible I can't stop staring at like
and pay attention to the road I'm just
looking at the clouds seriously guys I'm
blown away by this
we're so busy sometimes that we can't
stop and look
all these incredible things are going
like we take it for granted
there it is again they're kidding me
there are so those on the way down from
Tallahassee and I guess that's where
they were going with them also I
completely forgot to tell you guys my
friend Dario like as soon as we left her
house in Miami we get a phone call like
literally 30 seconds after we pull out
of her driveway she tells us that she's
locked out of her house on her balcony
I'm also really excited cuz we're gonna
shoot a new video for the Charles Trippy
channel it's like a contest video and
I'm pretty sure you guys are gonna be
stoked on it so I sent a picture message
with the little flier to Ally
and I was like should I be really
excited and this is what she wrote back
I'll show you we're gonna call her
fronter oh so you weren't gonna tell me
huh you were gonna tell me about the
frappuccinos well that's just not nice
love you bye oh so you weren't gonna
tell me huh I just found out because I
wasn't goin today everyone's conspiring
against me actually maybe to tell you I
think it's funny
they probably did they probably did it's
half price I'll save the money that's
true do you guys hear something huh
sounds sounds like a whimpering dog I
don't hear anything do you know I wonder
what Marley is does anyone know where
Marley went huh she must have run away
Marley Marley where are you where are
you Marley hmm it'd be nice if Marley
came here I
for some food oh hi Zoe it's always good
to see you but where's your sister Marly
hmm oh I see I guess there's slobber all
over this camera
there's Marly there Zoe that's right
where the flowers coming from so Allie a
couple weeks ago ordered a book and it
came the wall cat Bible in the beginning
ceiling cat matted disguise and earth
and stuff so so probably read some of
that for you she angry bullet right oh
man it's getting water everywhere that's
I don't think that's right damn it you
rolled in the dirt guess I'm supposed to
be on there get in the shower get in the
shower come on bath time come on Zoe No
this is what do I run where do I run
come on wait wait okay get your collar
off Oh Marley hope you're running around
okay good girl well you got to get your
collar off look at that you guys are so
good take it off yeah don't look so sad
you guys love it when you get back
that was pretty embarrassing wasn't it
Marley Marley how many how many is that
now all right you're destroying things
now you act like you never get any
chance to run happy Zoey
good job so I just let Ally in the gate
and she came home it's like it's like 4
o'clock in the morning I've stayed up
and like they didn't want to stay up and
wait I didn't put him there you guys I
did not they they figured out how to
burrow and that's what they do it's kind
of pathetic and cute at the same time
you fight me who's at the door
see here's Ben little crinkly all day
see that goofy better day he's Charles
Charles Trippy with Marley and his
fiancee Ali
