okay
their board walks through the panther
habit I think I kinda would be afraid
one would just like lurch out at me and
take me down Panthers hey guys good
afternoon I say afternoon because it is
late I'm not gonna tell you what time
but I slept in a lot but yeah I don't
know I feel really bad today I woke up
and my stomach in my head and my eyes
were all hurting it's a good thing my my
glasses should be done this week so I
can actually see again I instantly feel
better so it's a good thing that I
didn't go to Miami because I would be
pulling everyone down right now I don't
feel good so we're gonna go to the park
a little of the dogs running around I'm
gonna reply to bunch of emails and relax
today today is definitely a relaxing
thing oh by the way we're gonna do
another contest but this one's even
gonna be better than the last one this
one's gonna be at so yeah I get get
stoked at if you're not subscribed to
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy that's
what we'll be upholding the contest so
move your mouse clickers cursors over
there and I feel so delirious right now
the medicines make me loopy
it's rest-stop time and we're eating
these like natural fruit leathers so I
think we have yeah but I just feel like
I automatically turn on like aggression
if you can see this chart but that
building says no reaching cruising so
assuming that oh and I'm suggesting
that's cool so I'm assuming that you
listening that's where we're going I'm
gonna turn the camera off now so I don't
kill everyone crash into a car
so we're rushing into class right now
yeah it's okay no I won't take video if
you look at that oh she's gonna do great
we are getting food now I have no
traffic circles are a wonderful
opportunity for you to decide what you
want
this lovely girl thinks there's a taco
stand somewhere that's not racial that's
a Betty things like with Charles don't
say sir number and like I'm heading down
to that she's wrong about this taco
stand that she thinks is by a subway
down here I know she's wrong but if
she's right I had to buy her food and
she gave a train she's got to give you a
back rub
she loves it all right let's see if we
can stop this at 46 even okay ready
ready here we go why is it going some of
the ho there 46
ready here we go Oh every time I do that
I feel like I win I just win I win the
game pretty much I just lost the game oh
that would be me
we all win the game wait where's my
receipt no even no I just
I was wrong again
holy cow
like favorite loser favorite song mama
number five this some started xx Mambo
number 5
like just be a philosopher k mind I've
got my glasses and she'd meaning
whatever you knew what a lot to do
some green spinach balls
start calling oh my god instead of
calling the Spanish balls I should call
Grinch balls secrets partying I was
feeling some crap pulled over like all
over the place
oh my god I'm so loopy you know excuse
are you driving the car that was a great
time
those are flatfoot pups we're on sunset
and it's like deserted where is everyone
well mama it does I can't do my anybody
see some honey where are they
there's a honey they're going out sup
cook this is so awesome
laughter I wonder if we could break out
like a dance party callek we did on the
Vegas strip with Justine that was
awesome I think they're trying to
pretend like they don't know me not be
around the crazy girl the camera
are you pretending like you don't know
me
that's good there for dinner it's like
we step back in time 60 years
cheese fries this is like the looks I'm
healthy I'm doing badly I'm sorry
Charles is doing really well eating
healthy
think you might outweigh it would be
chicken fingers were actually fingers
over chicken
oh she almost busted ass downstairs oh
so careful I've known these girls
forever like it's just so ridiculous
it's like not even okay when we're
together
I really almost ate it down the stairs
oh my balls are done let's see here oh
those look whoa it's all hot yeah when I
do that every time
alrights try that again mmm Grinch balls
I learned something today so I was at
the dog park with Zoey and Marley and a
lady came up to me she was like hey is
that your dog I'm like yeah yeah it is
and her dog is the exact same type of
dog looked exactly I have never seen and
for the longest time we never knew what
though he was we just said you know am i
but she told me that she is a New
Zealand hunt away and the reason why is
oh he goes it has that voice but she was
like does she have a weird voice I'm
like yeah the kind I'm she goes just to
sound like a roar I'm like oh my god
yeah it does but yeah she's like what is
a black and tan a collie a lab are the
mixtures or something like that so we
finally figured out maybe what Zoey is
now we got to figure out what Shaquille
O'Neal is over there
exactly actually sounds like that like
let go ready freestream a window
this is our normally stay tactical
makeup
anyway we've had a very interesting Club
experience in Miami
I almost cake somebody because they're
messing with my friend when you mess
with my friend who mess with me we're
just we're just a group of girls like
you know we're not looking for trouble
he's Charles Charles Trippy
with Marley Surrey and his fiancee Allie
you can watch my channel we need a
decision from the internet
