good morning I bet you I look like a
ball of fun right now it is 9:00 in the
morning I haven't been up this early in
a while a while and I'm looking for the
eye doctor place is that it yes no yes
that's it so basically what I'm going to
do is I'm gonna get new glasses because
I can't see anymore and I'm gonna pop
out the lenses of those sunglasses and
see what those look apparently like my
eyes are barely awake he says look the
worst time to take a vision test at 9:00
in the morning are my pupils dilated oh
that's why I don't like going to the eye
doctor you know that okay everyone
seriously if you've never been to an eye
doctor
be scared so I'm just kidding don't be
scared it's not that bad but though
would you go to the eye doctor and they
put you put your chin on that little
thing and they're like look straight
ahead and they'd be was a little jet
puff of air it goes right into your eye
do you know what I'm talking about that
is like the scariest thing and like the
most unnerving thing that I've ever done
in my life was just like sitting there
with my chin on there the guys like he
thought it was funny
it was pretty funny though he's like we
tended like they hit the button every
single time so I'm like every single
time
I just said number two
that's funny so I'm back where we used
to live I stopped the news handbook
there was a Taco Bell yeah I know
delicious and also disgusting at the
same time and there's this giant
overpass that is so fun it's how you get
onto the interstate and going southbound
from the east side I think of the
interstate cat to get over so hopefully
I don't like kill people in the process
of doing this here okay here we go I
don't know why I'm so amused by this but
like you can see everything although
there's not that much to look at just a
bunch of construction it's like you're
driving up in the sky
most fun part of my day right there I'm
not gonna say hi so you stop jumping on
me I gonna say hi hi hi this thing comes
out let me say hi to Zoey hi Zoey
it's raining it's raining it's raining
so you want to wear your little jacket
let's test out Marla's little rain
jacket come on Marley come on Zoey
all right you ready go tough the rain
out you ready
you don't care about the rain she's
going on the edges as silly as that
thing just looked Marley is completely
dry though you know oh my gosh is
soaking wet so you get a micelle huh
yeah Ali's going down to Sarasota in
Miami
to hang out with some of her girlfriends
girls night it's gonna be girls that
they're gonna dance around the
pocketbook and shoes and go oh I asked
her to record and she said she will so
you'll see what she's up she's only
gonna be gone like a day or two so not
too bad
it's gonna miss her though but it's only
ten o'clock in the morning I'm going
back to bed so here's Ali
okay so there's a ton of traffic I had
no idea what was going on and no idea
why all this said it was crazy traffic
there's this massive caravan I don't
even know what it looks like the maybe
the foundations or something it's like a
bunch of solid cement with rebar in it
and they spike literally like state
trooper transport it's crazy to stay up
too late this is insane
I've never seen anything like this
it's really long and hard that's what
she said I shouldn't even said that I
should have left it to you guys the
infamous shot oh hey Katie
oh that's why this cat loves me Mina
Mina look what my dad has what is it
called the Ab Lounge sport I walk in my
house and like my dad's just you know
chilling in the Ab Lounge I think you're
doing the opposite of what's supposed to
because you're eating food in the
workout device kitchen you need some a
blonde you're getting a little flabby
down there no one in the same kitchen
what do you want to do huh it's still
raining so today is May 4th and it's
also known as Star Wars day so may the
4th be with you I know this corny wasn't
it wait for it's coming
this is my white boys smirk when I'm
dancing the new - the bear CT came out
and it's actually think I'm going to the
show on day 12 everybody go into the -
pair of the 12 - Tampa I've been
sleeping all day I think it's one of
those crappy days where it's just
raining all day probably an alley blog
because Charles didn't record joints
it's really loud I should turn this down
your nose oh it's just not that's okay
so I found all this old footage okay I
thought all this old footage I'm
cleaning out my computer I'm running out
of space actually no I don't figure the
vlogs are taking up all the space so I
thought all this old footage from
February of last year I think oh wait oh
tonight it was oh nine so last year so
it's just before we start doing the
yearly vlogs and I feel like I'm gonna
lose this footage so I'm gonna put it in
this vlog this is from February 7th and
it's using this little device right here
it's a shocking it's a little laser see
it's a laser right there
and I probably just blinded you guys and
if you pull the trigger it shocks you
and so we decided to play some pranks on
our friends so here's some footage
before I delete it I'm putting in the
vlog today so enjoy it's a shocking
device don't pull yeah and what happens
is it's watching I mean good this
you're supposed to tell people it's a
lighter so when they pull the trigger
and what about that it's a laser that's
gonna drive my dog crazy now
Oh God
whenever you're ready I'm cold hold up
close to your face that way no that way
so it's in the frame otherwise if I in
the front
yeah right yeah people hold it like for
real a long time my finger is freaking
out right now
shoot shoot ally do it one more time
you're making everyone else do it where
does that one go
oh you've got that one oh that's right
there you go
we're at kanpai and it's actually open
now just last time we went there oh look
it's me hey last time I went to kanpai
they were closed
that was totally my mom so look at the
steam coming up this is my role
and I just ordered shrimp dumplings
which is steamed shumai basically and I
also have vegetable gyoza coming this is
crazy I just found a video of when Zoey
what the first day I got Zoey some super
old photos that's crazy right now I have
let's see here I have bla bla bla bla
about six point six seven gigabytes left
on my hard drive I'm gonna hit the empty
recycle bin and we're gonna see that's
like the great is like spring cleaning
for your computer actually this spring
so perfect and there's some old photos
from the road trip last year we need to
do another road trip I think Ali and I
need to go on another road trip this
time lowly's photos I'm gonna put these
photos on the internet killed TV if you
guys want to see him
alright the moment of truth just in case
you know it's Star Wars day done oh yeah
keep going up keep going up 43 gigs
that's awesome I know I'm a dweeb
dogbert's hey so his name is Andres I
think his name is from Greece and guess
we sent you some toys from Greece this
one's weird as hell oh oh you get that
one okay just want it okay okay okay
and then you get this funky weird thing
get yours right all right I gotta go I
gotta run an errand
don't destroy anything more jump that
isn't jumping jump jump that's not
jumping that's just standing okay let's
go
jump jump Marley oh that's a good jump
you just left you should just stole your
thing Marley only wants what so he has
yeah it's not yours you want to see this
one sorry Jake yeah that's cool that's
cool I can play with that okay it's a
battle zone it's a war zone
I think he's
my mom did not sufficiently use
chopsticks yet
like that like shovels exactly blowing
in the breeze Jim this is another one of
my little mini vacation spots isn't that
the Always Sunny in Philadelphia music
that was totally it's always something
Philadelphia I don't know if I can do
this but let me see if I can do it
alright okay Zoe watch Zoe's legs is oh
right yeah it's funny cuz she's like
doing this like weird thing with her
legs just so we must care oh I scared
you I scared you scared you from the
internet holy crap you guys look at this
now watch Mythbusters does anyone
recognize him Tyrone's famous okay so
I've been totally hooked on Netflix then
check this out look at this see if you
recognize this guy right here oh he's
pretty yeah right here do we recognize
them right here you know leave your
guests in a comment below I just had to
show you where the video gaming problem
comes from in our family
my brother playing final war fare online
oh my god you think I'm bad he's Charles
Charles Trippy with Marley Zoe and his
fiancee Allie you can watch it on this
channel but we need a decision from the
Internet
