do you have to go to the vet some of you
guys might be wondering why I reapplied
at the water slide video well because
I'm a genius I accidentally left alley
in the dick towel uncensored so I am
YouTube called and said that I should
either leave it up or take that section
out or censor and then re-upload it if
you didn't get to see it because you're
not 18 or don't even have a youtube
account you can see it now I can click
here and just look for the one that you
can click on I'll leave the other one up
for all you guys that are over 18 and
you want to see the dick towel I guess
so that's why there's two water slide
videos I thought I'd let you down so
yeah dick towel
Ali found a mysterious rash on Marley's
inner thigh yep so guess where we're
going
you have no idea we're going to the ve T
cuz your dogs and you can't spell
although if you could spell that'd be
pretty crazy put the leash in her mouth
hey you're gonna go to the vet make
mystic a shot in your butt are you ready
to get a shot in your butt you know by
the way when I was talking about why the
video was removed or flagged the water
slide video and you guys are like wait
Charles what's a dick towel if you don't
know what a dick towel is is as the
towel that was appeared on it's always
sunny in philadelphia actually the best
way i can just show you a photo i posted
the photo on internet kill tv.com the
links in the sub bar i'm telling them
okay and then you can see what it is i
mean if you guys have been on
chatroulette you've seen this before you
have no idea where are you going
they're like not that hot out I take it
back it's 85 pretty hot let's see where
she has the point of realization where
she's at
I think she's having it right now come
on Zoe
let's go let's go to the not vet place I
think she's slowly realizing it this way
is the wrong door wrong door
that's right she figured it out she's
growling she's like oh nevermind oh
stupid she's freaking out I can't
believe she can't tell so weird a little
nervous this is for her it's not for you
really yeah yes see you wait I start
over another very right this one yeah
that's a purple-ish bluish kind of right
there and then this is green I'm just
messing with you that's like you're
joking we're talking for real okay this
is blue this is the darker blue okay
greyish purple I guess what they do with
your sister where's mine she's hiding
behind it'd be awesome if your dad was
Jacqueline oh by the way ally just
realized her sunglasses were orange and
never hit when you put him next to your
red shirt they're definitely not red I
said they warned yesterday she was this
too excited he's too excited she wasn't
paying attention
look at the counter Marley a little bit
nervous
well good news is that Marley doesn't
have any ringworm or anything like that
she assisted we don't think she had this
dog basically has a rash to everything
like she's allergic to the world we'd
have to keep an eye on her she's one of
those nerdy those nerdy dogs that are
just like allergic to everything
tube watch out for landmines everyone
aka dog poo delicious
wet how's that delicious you're like a
mini Marley oh that's cool mint you
squirrel
well squirrel screw you ready ready to
go she just rolled in something she goes
up to a dog he's kind of close with her
a little big big thing she looks like a
monster a monster no not like a lady
gaga monster like a real legit monster
come on guys okay so if if the mall is
not open until 9:00 I get to good
Applebee's and get my normal meal which
is guys chicken and a drink right and if
you're wrong small Frappuccino you
wanted a venti and it doesn't matter and
a Peter can appear okay the mall is open
till 9:00 on weekdays okay
so no today I'm sorry it's Monday so
it's a weekday call what a fan $4 on
Monday then I guess I'll be wrong okay
we're calling right now
hi I was just curious what are your
hours in the mall hours this evening
okay well thank you very much oh I get
some coffee I get some coffee and
Sepideh
oh so we gotta bring back alleys glasses
because you didn't listen to me today I
wanna bet like how large they were I
know that sounds stupid yeah so yeah how
he owes me a burrito no a PITA oh don't
don't forget about that oh she's got to
go to Miami tomorrow me a me after
literally what time is it after 40
minutes in the sunglass place it was why
you in the old lady section oh okay
let's see those what yeah those are much
better the tortoiseshell she got the
tortoiseshell sunglasses and I got the
tortoiseshell eyeglasses so now we're
matching what yeah who could do you
remember the little babies I did it was
awesome I wish the cameras reckon
it was a two-toned anyway remember the
nest that we saw are the goose the
gaggle of geese there they've hatched
and I'm gonna show you guys I'm gonna
show you them we're gonna pull over and
show you they're all fuzzy oh they're
gone I don't know where they went
yeah I don't want chase them found over
there in the water do you guys see them
the quality is not amazing but you can
see them they're so tiny there's some
more little ones if it's smaller yeah
those are tiny
and it's like really weird right oh by
the way um it was yeah yeah
the one thing I want to talk about Carol
is you guys see did you guys see the The
Simpsons after 20 years after 20 years
they changed the intro music to key
cherkessia
the woman's a dollar sign the Keshia I
think anyway but did you see that like I
honestly thought like my friend Andrew
he's an avid Simpsons fan and he swears
you know Simpsons have not gotten better
since season like 12 right I'm like no
dude they've actually gotten better
they've got better and I think they did
a u-turn with that I don't know what are
your thoughts did you think it was funny
that the Ke$ha theme and then one part
was talking in it as weird Ke$ha
it's ke dollar sign
dollar ha our server is awesome because
they're decorating course they go to my
own
which by the way Ali is leaving us he's
leaving
you
okay you know it's really funny the girl
came and dropped this off and she goes
oh so she birthday again huh
what did we find little doggy what did
we find
let's just take a little trip to the
bedroom oh no no you didn't do it hey we
can find Riley what did you eat what did
you eat again you're just what is this I
put this away
she wanted a powerup look I'll put this
away twice now hey you know it actually
it's pretty smart cuz she knows there's
it usually can't even Easter egg what
did you do I can't be mad at you that's
pretty smart doo doo doo did it
you just wanted that ever since I opened
it you want a dad I really would like
that please thank you you're welcome
you're not in trouble you always think
in trouble I mean really it is pretty
smart though she knows that usually
candy is in those things it's pretty
smart gotta give it to her
it's funny you know it love you goe for
me
oh it's funny I don't know why I find
this really funny okay if we go to
youtube right now and we scroll down
right here we see stone turtle on the
front of YouTube I don't know why that
makes me laugh I just I just think it's
hilarious that's all no joke just stone
turtle on the front of YouTube this
thought was funny yeah oh man really
want some fun fatty cake right now
did you eat the powerup toy I'm pretty
damn cool you know
I'm pretty damn you like Ray Charles
Ramsey Yeah right
snoring crack say Syd don't you better
go quickly
oh yeah Aryan he's Charles Charles
Trippy
with my Lisa Rihanna's fiance Ali
