okay so really quick the reason why I'm
uploading this is because like an idiot
I left the the dick towel uncensored in
the last video so that's why it was
flagged so YouTube said to re-upload it
will you will be good to go and everyone
can see it so here's the waterslide
video without the dick towel you should
like it anyway don't worry the dick
Taylor video watch it again rate it
thumbs up and actually you know what
thumbs this video up for Charles being
an idiot that's me so that was fun post
office work is always fun but okay check
this out my car is screwing up again so
I'm going to the Hyundai dealership and
hopefully it doesn't you know go and
stop doing it make me look crazy but the
other thing I wanted to say today's
today r-36 this is days 365 isn't it
no 364 but when you're watching this
it's been a year so it's technically our
year anniversary but it's not on a 360 v
vlog that's cool though we should
celebrate you know what we should do
we're gonna go to the house let's go to
the abandoned house
I don't know what it is I've been on
like a New Found Glory kick alright
so I think I'm officially going crazy
although there's footage to prove that
this thing is fluctuating fluctuating
fluctuating fluctuating way above normal
and it was doing it the whole way I fell
off the post office over to here
second the dude comes in sits down stops
doing it so they think I'm completely
crazy even though I have thousands of
people on the internet seeing what was
going on
I need a fucking burrito there's Ali
know I wanna beat her so we totally want
to go to visit the house we're gonna go
get some flashlights but look how crappy
it is again another crappy day in
Tallahassee so hopefully it clears up
and we can get some flashlights some
masks and go explore some more that's a
good run we gotta go get it Ali had the
idea a couple days ago we said that we
wanted to do this listen slide down that
giant hill well it's raining in
Tallahassee so we thought why not get
some plastic sheets and try this
all right where is this place
wait what it was called what's the thing
called what's the thing called that
we're looking for
by succeeding let's find this look at
all these unbeatable roll best prices do
you like to do it yourself or makeshift
slip-and-slide CTFxC slide I actually
okay we know I really want to do is go
by at least a crocodile mile so we can
run and slide and splash cuz I mean this
is cool but we need the crocodile mile
circle super soakers well this one's
cool look it's like a gun like a gun no
this is my weapon of choice for the next
time we go back out to that house barbie
has baseball bats she does now baby
Easton how embarrassing for you Oh keep
raining baby keep raining
this is gonna be so epic it's Cox's he's
graduating for you what do you guys
think is that an adequate Hill for a 150
foot slip and slide oh this is gonna be
great keep raining keep raining
if what do you think we should start it
like way up there
I just come this direction I think you I
mean it's there's nothing but cloudiness
so I mean hopefully oh and see we're
prepared we have we got to waterproof
cases better ones this time and we'll be
able to film it a little bit better
alright so we've got a scope the land to
make sure we don't get impaled by
anything see this is a key thing because
I remember when I was younger I was
always very quick to lay down the slip
and slide and I would always lay it over
a rock and then you get a rock up your
butt that was always fun well I mean not
literally up you're by alright internet
tell me if you see any rocks that cannot
supply
there's the creepy house lost the shoe -
creepy to go today - dark alley
diligently at work constructing this
mammoth slide you gonna go Zoe your turn
alright the crucial ways that he's the
crucial part the crucial ingredient Dawn
dish soap don't worry it's
environmentally friendly so it won't
destroy the grass water food case right
now and we're starting up cool we got
yeah we got the 5o down there but I
don't think we're doing anything illegal
so it's cool thanks yeah all right you
guys that's five that's a hundred and
fifty feet that's not even soaked up
that's not even soaked up yet you ever
got so that's a hundred and fifty feet
you guys can hear me with that okay so
I'm gonna go get the better cam
okay camera without the key
you wanna go
this is why we bring the water see we're
prepared
Oh give your legs together that water
bottles coming off
you gonna go down a bar here you go
this sounds painful
you gonna bring Marley she's like please
let me go she loves it yeah I thought oh
it's this mud okay looks like a
saber-tooth or something I'm gonna fall
behind them see if I can do this
and fun yet guys
but sorry
so we're playing human bowling right now
everyone's gonna go down to try to knock
Ali and John off their feet all right so
we got John diverse everyone here ready
set go
from behind this is the best idea we've
had all who came here having fun you're
so pissed the hump of those eyes
enjoying it other spinning they're not
gonna make it to the slide
you gotta go the way I think you get run
over dougie come on come on buddy
one two three four five was that even
one do a barrel roll we need to get you
a rain jacket don't we next time we do
this Marlee I'll get you a yellow rain
jacket okay she's already leaving she's
like fuck you guys I'm going home break
your neck
at home
good go oh how you feeling oh man
you could totally see where we were all
right time to go in a hot tub oh yeah
Marley you got your FUBU jacket on yeah
mission tomorrow is get Marley a yellow
rain jacket for the next time cuz it's
gonna be raining raining raining only
you would get ice cream when it's
raining do it check show up for the
internet yeah no you don't know they do
work be mean bingley dude come on you're
bad rap here after a long day of
sledding down hills some awesome beer
pong apple juice so we're trying to do
the magic handle trick that's on YouTube
we're trying at least
you know now everybody thinks you're
bullshit oh so it's possible I think
that's I think the Internet's not going
to call bullshit on that one yeah I
don't think it's called the worst thing
is that it won't work this is another
YouTube trick so we're qualified oh I
feel like it cracked I feel that just
their hand cracking yeah we got to go
back to YouTube three four three goes
over to four three four YouTube myths I
guess
our internet you've seen everything
officially a cow play the ocarina it's
okay by Mark he's hiding in there FUBU
jacket we're gonna test the the beers
gone okay we're gonna be 350 already
frozen oh oh there goes the stern vessel
do you have a long day a little doggy
we've been doing this almost a year I
guess it's like days 365 but technically
technically we started something on May
1st in our first video was uploaded May
2nd so tomorrow is our technical right
that was an experience we did 150 150
feet sliding some slip-and-slide that
was crazy you know what I want to do
though I want to make it like 300 feet
and keep going cuz we could have easily
done that I think so if it was raining
harder I think so I don't know oh the
other thing I want to tell you guys our
iPhone app has been updated so if you
have our iPhone app go to your App Store
and click update and we released the
stash
right now yeah this is pretty pretty
nuts but yeah we released the stash I
haven't posted anything cuz I've been so
bad I'm like balancing all this crazy
stuff but yeah so you guys can update
your iPhone app the internet killed
television iPhone app free update for
the win and yeah I'm gonna go to bed
it's been a long day and what oh that
would be so good right now oh that won't
pizza karate said miss piece of karate
though alright guys this video is
probably like what's 30 minutes I
would've guessed
today's video is going to be 27 and a
half minutes what do you think it is
gonna be she wants to change it oh you
already lost you already lost Oh
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley's army and his fiancee Ali you
can watch this channel we need a
decision from the internet
