well good morning guess what today is
today is officially the one-year mark on
May 1st
today's May 1st we started filming these
vlogs
we call it what vlogedy vlogs at the
time I network internet killed
television right now what I'm going
through I've been going through over
about 200 submissions we had a contest
to see who did the best video montage
that you know captured their favorite
moments so I've been downloading these
for 4 hours and if you want to see these
it'll be under here in a video
annotation or in the sub bar or you can
click here after this video it'll be
somewhere you'll find it I just I just
want to say 365 it's amazing I didn't
think we could do it we didn't miss one
day meant to bring the trash out before
leaving and it looks like Marley
capitalized on that jerk one year we did
it we did it now time for syndication
time to rerun the holy just kidding
all right now here we go all right my MA
I'm gonna go get you a rain jacket
because you're going out on the water
slide again do you need one now you
don't need one you like the water all
right so we're trying to find oh there
they are right there
they're like the first things there oh
this is gonna be hilarious Ali what size
is she I can't tell what size she would
be is it ridiculous that we're gonna get
her this I know you saw her face
yesterday she was like squinting it's
weird to talk to a camera all right boy
we gotta go see your favorite guys all
those turtles are getting it on no no
they're not what you sleeping underwater
how long can Turtles hold their breath I
can slow their heart rate down Oh like
alligators I like turtles
he knows you're the turtle is Burke
it's not really sunning it's more
lamping laughing right now what sounds
it Turtles make what sound is it right
they don't make sounds do they I think
how do they communicate oh they do this
thing no no have you seen it IR hold the
camera this is what they do this with my
turtle still they go like this to the
face they go like that and they brush on
their a mating dance it could be maybe
that's the only time they communicate
what they want some so they're like all
stones like oh man yeah dude you see
that yeah man it was so bright dude I
want a brownie oh I can totally go for
some funfetti cake oh yeah
dude let's go to Steak and Shake later
dude who is down for some steak and
shake luego me man but I'm totally not
driving oh man you kick me in the face
man back up back up what man I'm just
doing my thing
dude you punched me in the face what are
you talking about I just want some
cheese fries man that's all I'm saying
John John sent you Oh God where'd you go
I swear to God if you call me Nemo I
will cut you the colors the colors what
you ain't see the fish poop before hey
I'm a shark over here yeah I was hanging
out down in Louisiana for a while but
then they tried to cook me so I got the
hell out of there dude you never knew
that yeah we've got these dots on our
back so that things don't know where our
eyes actually are dude you're not even
looking at my face you looking at my ass
okay dude you're gonna have to stop
doing voices for us cuz you're making us
look bad all right leave the store oh
yeah I'm gonna get these seeds off here
hey man don't pick on the one I'm
picking on don't think I know what I'm
thinking now what are you doing
why'd you go and get that latias dude I
swear to god they rigged this thing no
matter how fast I run I'm never getting
anywhere this is bullshit man wait we
should get a cake we should get a cake
we should get our own cake that our old
cake and then I'll smash in your face
and then you can eat it look how cute
we're getting those
cupcakes and mini one okay we'll get
those
although these are pretty epic why don't
we get the Gators the Gator color so the
lady at the deli told me I could record
in Publix because it's true we are
covert winn-dixie of spy Hey hey Ally
yeah wait we're the lemon
but you get Zoey what you get Oh big bag
of food
where's Marley's thing you see Marley's
thing marzipan hey craphead where'd you
go you want to eat it I don't think
it'll fit you look so you don't get the
rain all over you
let's try it on ready to check on the
child half seawater are you ready
that looks awesome
look it's got a lot of straw string you
can make tighten it there now that rain
and tallahassee won't get you any boots
what do you want Zoe you want that big
bag of food you want the big bag of food
Marley come on let's walk on that I want
to see you walk on this going anyway you
hungry let's go get some food
she's still not coming this will work
Marley she's still like Marley you're
you know you can move in it right
come on get it yeah but see you know
walk see look you can walk see there
okay yeah you're gonna pull in the rain
yeah well
how'd you drop it like Zoe is like oh I
totally want that now you're gonna still
eat that they pick it up you're way over
the five-second rule now you're like a
minute half roll there's a protective
layer of white chocolate shavings I
still think the minute-and-a-half rule
doesn't exist so you just got the you
got her back you got her back Zoe
oh that looks terrible man well that's
how we celebrate it looks good
all right so Carly from Pennsylvania Sen
Zoe and Marley my favorite dog toys ever
they're called flesh-eating diseases so
this one what is this one let me see
what that is before you take it Zoe let
me see what that is before you guys take
it hold on hold on which one is that
oh okay so this is the pimple microbes
you get the pimple one and then this one
is the oh this is the flesh-eating
microbe you can have that one and you
can take it with your anthrax and
bubonic plague what is that under the
table it's a solar paneled one it's in
Japanese I don't know what it means
though I'm a little rusty on my Japanese
butt or Chinese but it says this
cockroach when exposed to sunlight can
start its mini engine so it'll move in
vibrate
that's from Marcus it's like a zoe rave
Zoe over there so II always had these
for five minutes and the eyes are gone
already you go for the eyes oh thank you
scooter pod now I can give some Pappa
Cheetos
Ali's been making fun of me because I've
been a coffee addict yeah she says I'm
like a Disney cartoon like an evil
Disney cartoon you want to see something
what I'm gonna steal about the bag
laundry oh it's my underwear we haven't
done laundry in a week and look at this
that's so much so most of its Zoey's
ditch what three times now I rule your
side cuz you're gross vegetables leaked
onto my delicious cheese no see this is
the better part of the pizzas oh you
just got a three to one wait - one now
3G one fuck your documented birthday
toast to mr. Cox
yeah congratulations congratulations mr.
Cox yes congratulations but yeah and no
more definition and no no definition I'm
just holding this for you thank you
we're good we can go down
we're good we're good everyone's good
don't worry we're all in seatbelt Wow
zombie walk bug that's what you guys
call we're going to a bar when they're
closing and recording people walking out
pockets
that's low price he looked at the bloody
package Wow all right remember the
scariest McDonald's ever yeah that's
what it's like at 3:00 in the morning
it would be different if we had vaginas
toxic waste gum taxes trying it yeah
where's the packaging oh okay good I
feel like I feel like it's I feel like
it's not gonna be a oh is it really that
bad really is it annoying gummy so like
doesn't go away eyes are watering crying
so Marley's passed out and Ally's in
there picking oh what was that
ice Marla you didn't eat all your ice so
Ally's trying to pick the winner of the
montage contest really funny is that we
were just talking about like in the past
year we are blown away with the stuff
that we've done and shared with you guys
it's like unbelievable like all this
stuff and we're doubly blown away with
the fact that us have remembered so many
awesome things and so many mundane
things that you guys have like like
favored or liked you know what I mean so
yeah I have no idea what to do you guys
are great though I mean it's
unbelievable but you know what the great
news is the awesome news is if you guys
are down for it we're gonna do a season
two or year two I guess it's not really
a season we're doing near to we're doing
here too
are you ready for you to dance it's
funny though like a majority of home are
all good morning you guys this is the
first vlog of the are you ready for year
two so what was your favorite moment of
year of year one so far aside from the
obvious what would be the number one
thing that you can think of I mean I
can't think of one thing I like to be
honest like I have so many awesome
memories like I mean like the things
that come up to me first thing would be
New York I was gonna say one of the most
awesome things was like but was that
even when we're doing vlogs we'll
definitely met everyone yeah that was
that was that was Ali's first experience
with YouTube really yeah that was I had
no idea that you guys were so awesome
and friendly yeah I would say New York
if I was at like if I was a put a thing
New York Spain beating been like Ben and
Maria ben de maria were definitely the
highlight of our year the water slide
the water slide hasn't it yeah yeah
yesterday our water slide our new
friends in Tallahassee like I mean this
it's just so much the first time I met
Shay Phil Kassim Lisa Ben everybody when
you film everything every single day you
really remember all the things that you
generally take for granted do you don't
I mean I know looking back on it it's
like I cannot even believe we were
blessed with the opportunity to do so
many things and have so many people be a
part of such a fun and awesome and
here's the funny thing all those cameras
are now dead I know we've definitely
just dude the crew knows that wasn't me
oh the crews we're going on the cruise
bye
'we just if he didn't know who has the
best montage video the best montage OB
at the end of this video check them out
it's one of you guys and if you go to
internet kill TV we'll post the other
awesome there are so many and this is
the long-winded
you guys are awesome kind of speech but
you guys are awesome Oh remember when we
got that so I don't know you guys thank
you guys for an awesome year one year -
we'll see you tomorrow
below me below bar it's subpar guys got
to guess we got it does now here one in
the tubes literally we'll see you for a
year to know that was in the tubes that
makes sense I I was proud of that one
year one in the tube Sivir year -
goodnight montage time bye
you
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley's army and his fiancee Ally you
can watch my channel we need a decision
from the Internet
