I'm wearing my beautiful hair banging
Jason an awesome start to a day trying
to start this whole new way of life you
know we've been working on eating
healthier we've been working on
exercising more we've been working on
getting the dogs more exercise that's
what their fact that they're getting old
and they're getting slow so we have to
we have to get them out more I was
watching Perks mark yesterday and you
know the whole like treat yourself day
like Charles and I do well Tom and Donna
on Parks and Rec have a treat yourself
day and usually they go crazy and they
like buy a ton of stuff we're not going
to do that we're just going to take
advantage of our passes for Busch
Gardens I feel like by being so intense
it just makes it so much more dramatic
like
sign your mouth come back here come here
another cutest face I mean look at that
look at that cute nose
we decided today to go have some fun
we've got we have season passes the
Busch Gardens today right obviously
freaking hot what title is the
temperature do you know you got holes in
your butt bed
Wolverine guy yeah perfect time to go
outside we decided it's not way from the
can walk exercising our right to
exercise like that is really really hot
kind of a we can only do like one roller
coaster and we want to do a water ride
because so they have hot yeah this is
this one the cheater is will do cheetah
it's a wild girl
oh don't scare the poor thing to her I
was terrible of you Ketchum
I wanna Marley you know badass that
would've been classified as oh my god
that's so cool cute oh my god one seams
coming down it look at them power never
seen yourself that if you can go
underwater every time but I've never
seen swimming under that is actually
really don't cool with your feet just
that little Billy is so cute
everybody that was wondering what a
gator looks like and how big they are
let's you say just swallow that's
definitely a crop he could fall child
home big old friend and all there's a
pointer nose see that matters crocodiles
a Nile crocodile really Fisher like I'm
staying right on this wall
well this
now let's just cut back to the kind of a
leaf Oh baby can't alighieri just
hanging out I'm an animal guy on time
YouTube
I smile everybody even looking at the
before and after photos I have zero
regrets of holding an alligator well
alligator crocodile I know I think our
can I was a more vicious aren't they no
I just thought about our croc Lyle I'm
not real though that's a real lines it's
chilling right there oh my god don't
move he moves we tell somebody
yeah a little so you would just have to
hope like the Nile is that Queen but I
know it's not not at all honey
it hasn't jumping in any river and then
ya take a shark again Harper for the
different kind of job keeper classically
being Donald dinosaurs for super classic
you did it's not doesn't Jenny anyone
about Jenny Jesus by a giant rocket
crocosaurus yeah I can't remember which
movie it is I know Jenny gets eaten by
China you never have to encounter those
things okay let us know what it is out
of here
what's that way we're just walking a
different way than we did last time
we're here with Maddox and Lexi's we're
in little dr. Yap you can go off and
jungle up that may be married
there she I'm actually genuinely excited
for the front it's so hot I think it's a
bit right now who do you think's going
to get through a trial oh man now I'm
turning turning now I actually feel kind
of nice that waterfalls literally I know
they're Chalkley really fun the camera
actually survived we're going to go on
kuba and then we're going to go back on
that one more time and then we're going
to be done
let me see your hair looks like you peed
yourself we think I see myself we got to
do it one more time he actually kind of
cool to go by myself
could we ask a question for you this is
going that way if there way that her and
I could go there's one a saddle each
other's home one side plus a fee on the
other that possible thank you you're
gonna be on that side I literally asked
rewire itself so we can do this
competition this is romantic
this is romantic at its finest romance
that is fine it's not romantic I hope
you get soaking wet is to be more fun
it's not more fun for you it's more fun
for me
hi
I can try to break I'm showing it right
now
it's what it feels like when kids Peter
Pan
yeah
I like feeling
that's illogical you're walking like
that the weirdest puzzle
Paula Jean I think this is closely
becoming one of our favorite rides ever
actually by the way huh I can't you
can't see well I love it it's actually a
hundred degrees it's actually just went
up as we got here I just looked at my
fountain so I won round two we were
saying it'd be so much cooler if you can
actually adjust it like a teacup can be
so much more fun that way just leave on
your like
can I have a feeling the fun things
again
along with the glass
completely bypassed being completely
bypassing
so what do we learn today Ali has the
worst month ever
I want a hot chocolate you look
incredibly upset man this is a testament
you guys on seven it's not an ad but
Danny dropping his in the water at the
Lincoln Memorial
Oh No oh my god you're amazing
no so here's the thing is it's on and
I'm taking on the clothes wet ride at
Busch Gardens a Liat man
my shoes are squishy right now time to
switch back to this and we're back we
were pretty much by ourselves I think
it's this way that way you have to go
all the way around I think it's this way
to give people out what they do is they
release the tires and they start roaming
it's kind of like their security it's 5
o'clock now so we have to be 6 o'clock
now so we have to be out of here by 6:30
otherwise the Tigers come out second of
stars ok
until the Tigers start roaming the
security know this right thank you
you don't want to listen to me I don't
listen kids like the listener oh married
life I'm always wrong I hate rock hockey
wiping cut my copy light beam I have to
be like a comic we should make hat let's
say that all that gears to tiger right
there's again ready to let us go see out
that door right there he's going to
start Paul blurting it this is one of
the first I think in only times we
actually done the water ride this way
drags it we always do the other
rollercoasters I feel next time we'll
just be roller coasters I looked under
trees at again
I'm going to admit something pretty
embarrassing I have broken two cups
already from the wedding actually one
and this one broke the other one yeah
what happened I don't know I just found
it in the dishwasher broken you gave me
the most delicate thing in the world
yeah there there one I'm sorry Ebert one
um I think he broke that one nobody
plays the microwave oh you're funny
story I was trying to you have peanut
butter because it was so cold I put it
in the microwave it didn't warm up and
melt like I was hoping I don't know why
it's actually a weird situation
yeah he said I'm talking about
microwaving peanut butter right now on
the blog and then I kept doing it I got
super hot and then there's didn't work
so I threw away the scene about anything
I was like okay you know what I'm going
to be responsible to clean this stuff
I forgot you can't do something hot and
cold right like great immediately and it
shattered that's exactly what I said
beautiful if you like that sorry it's a
cautionary tale that's what that is do
you what this reminds me of guys
remember that day in Australia or New
Zealand where they let us like set up a
bunch of like wine glasses and just hit
it with a baseball bat
yeah at that moment was one of the cool
stress relieving moment I feel ever
especially on tour my favorite way to
end the night it's always my favorite
because you know the day you're
constantly going around doing things
you're filming like you're always
thinking about the next step or
something for the video or just you're
busy doing work you know for the house
your life your work whatever it is so
it's kind of nice to just go walk the
dogs and just kind of turn everything
off except right now
perfect example me probably not doing
that on that obvious note I'm going to
have to say good night guys I'm going to
enjoy this walk I will see as tomorrow
as always these will please don't be on
the dogs and have a great night please
don't forget to subscribe and see you
tomorrow again
