so that was fun post office work is
always fun but okay check this out
my car is screwing up again so I'm going
to the Hyundai dealership and hopefully
it doesn't you know go and stop doing it
and make me look crazy but the other
thing I wanted to say today's today are
three six this is days 365 isn't it
no 364 but when you're watching this
it's been a year so it's technically our
year anniversary but it's not on the
365th vlog that's cool though wish to
celebrate you know what we should do
we're gonna go to the house let's go to
the abandoned house alright so I think
I'm officially going crazy although
there's footage to prove that this thing
is fluctuating fluctuating fluctuating
fluctuating way above normal and it was
doing it the whole way I fell off the
post office over to here second the dude
comes in sits down stops doing it so
they think I'm completely crazy even
though I have thousands of people on the
internet seeing what was going on I need
a fucking burrito there's Ali no I wanna
beat her so we totally want to go to
visit the house we're gonna go get some
flashlights but look how crappy it is
again another crappy day in Tallahassee
so hopefully it clears up and we can get
flashlights some masks and go explore
some more that's a good run
we gotta go get it Ali had the idea but
a couple days ago we said that we wanted
to do this slip and slide down that
giant hill
well it's raining in Tallahassee so we
thought why not get some plastic sheets
and try this
all right where is this place
wait what it was called what's the thing
called what's the thing called that
we're looking for prosecuting let's find
this look at all these unbeatable
rollback prices do you like to do it
yourself or makeshift slip and slide
slide I actually okay we know I really
want to do is go by at least a crocodile
miles so we can run and slide and splash
cuz I mean this is cool but we need the
crocodile mile super soakers
well this one's cool look it's like a
gun like a gun no yes this is my weapon
of choice for the next time we go back
out to that house Barbie has baseball
bats Eastin how embarrassing for you ooh
keep raining baby keep raining this is
gonna be so epic its Cox's a present
waiting for you what do you guys think
is that an adequate Hill for a 150 foot
slip and slide oh this is gonna be great
keep raining keep raining
what do you think we should start it
like way up there and just come this
direction I think I mean it's there's
nothing but cloudiness so I mean
hopefully oh and see we're prepared we
have we got to waterproof cases better
ones this time and we'll be able to film
it
a little bit better all right so we've
got a scope the land to make sure we
don't get impaled by anything see this
is a key thing because I remember when I
was younger I was always very quick to
lay down the slip and slide and I would
always lay it over a rock and then you
get a rock up your butt that was always
fun well I mean not literally up your
butt all right Internet tell me if you
see any rocks that I reckon that's a
flower there's a creepy house lost the
shoe too creepy to go today to dark
alley diligently at work constructing
this mammoth slide you gonna go Zoe your
turn
all right the crucial ways that he's the
crucial part the crucial ingredient Dawn
dish soap don't worry it's
environmentally friendly still won't
destroy the grass waterproof case right
now and we're starting up yeah yeah we
got the 5o down there but I don't think
we're doing anything illegal so it's
cool thanks yeah all right you guys
that's five is 150 feet that's but
that's not even soaked up that's not
even soaked up yet yeah we got so that's
150 feet you guys can hear me with that
case I'm gonna go get the better camp
okay camera without the keys okay
you wanna go
this is why we bring the water see we're
prepared
Oh keep your legs together that water
bottles coming off
you gonna go down a bar let it go
this sounds painful
we're gonna bring Marley she's like
please let me go she loves it I thought
oh it's this mud okay it's like a
saber-tooth or something I'm gonna fall
behind them see if I can do
and fun yet yes so we're playing human
bowling right now everyone's gonna go
down to try to knock Ali and Jon off
their feet
alright so we got John diverse everyone
here ready set go
Oh from behind this is the best idea
we've had all okay here having fun your
soap it's the hump of ice Oh other
spinning they're not gonna make it to
the slide
probably gotta go the way you get run
over Dougie come on come on buddy
one two three four five was that even
more do a barrel roll we need to get you
a rain jacket that way
next time we do this Marlee I'll get you
a yellow rain jacket okay
she's already leaving she's like fuck
you guys I'm going home break your neck
kids at home
good go how you feeling oh man you can
totally see where we were all right time
to go in a hot tub all right chicks with
dicks
hey it's lady gaga oh yeah Marley you
got your FUBU jacket on yeah mission
tomorrow is get Marley a yellow rain
jacket for the next step because it's
gonna be rainy rainy rainy only you
would get ice cream when it's raining do
a trick show up for the Internet yes no
you don't know to be mean
Bingley dude come on bad rap here a long
day of sledding down hills some awesome
beer pong apple juice so we're trying to
do the magic candle trick that's on
YouTube we're trying at least
you know now everybody thinks you're
bullshit oh so it's possible I think
that's I think the Internet's not gonna
call bullshit on that one yeah I don't
think it's called well the worst thing
is that it won't work this is another
YouTube trick so we're qualified I feel
like it cracked I feel that just our
hand cracking yeah we got to go back to
YouTube holy crap super legit my friend
so far were three for three with you two
for three
/ - 4 3 4 YouTube myths I guess
all right internet you've seen
everything officially at Cal play the
ocarina it's okay mom I just hide in
their FUBU jacket we're gonna test the
the beers gone okay we're gonna be 350
oh is it already frozen oh oh there goes
it's turning best of liquid you have a
long day a little doggy we've been doing
this almost a year I guess it's like
days 365 but technically technically we
started something on May 1st in our
first video was uploaded May 2nd so
tomorrow is our technical right that was
an experience we did 150 150 feet
sliding some slip-and-slide that was
crazy you know what I want to do though
I want to make it like 300 feet and keep
going cuz we could have easily done that
I think so if it was raining harder I
think so I don't know oh the other thing
I want to tell you guys our iPhone app
has been updated so if you have our
iPhone app go to your App Store and
click update and we released the stash
right now yeah this is pretty pretty
nuts but yeah we released the stash I
haven't posted anything because I've
been so bad I'm like balancing all this
crazy stuff but yeah so you guys can
update your iPhone app the internet
killed television iPhone app free update
for the win and yeah I'm gonna go to bed
it's been a long day and what oh that
would be so good right now
oh that won't pizza karate said miss
piece of karate though alright guys this
video is probably like what's 30 minutes
I wanna guess today's video is going to
be twenty seven and a half minutes what
do you think it is gonna be she wants to
change it alright oh you already lost
you already lost though
he's Charles Charles champion with
myleeza Rihanna's fiancee Ally you can
watch this channel we need a decision
from the internet
