runaway boy starts talking about
Comanche got him he's trying to change
color change white look at his nose is
turning brown that's a lot of graduates
now where is Ali where is she Bish's
founder sudden beeping totally my fault
you actually have to get a new
waterproof case since we're going to the
Bahamas and we're gonna go snorkeling
we're gonna go underwater and we only
have one waterproof case but now we have
two cameras so we gotta see if we can
actually find one I also wanted to check
out the new flip cam you guys see that
where's that
oh here it is
any other way bigger yeah it's too tiny
that's like 6 feet tall right there
six five oh where oh where is the
waterproof case oh where oh where could
it be
slip it out and fly oh wow
feel like I would break that a lot more
I think it's much this is my favorite
flip cam so huh yeah this is the best
one right here record oh don't stop as
soon as I turn the camera on there's a
little kid playing the keytar oh it was
it was this incredibly loud constant one
chord droning don't go over there don't
go over there I fell the photo in your
picture just take picture myself all
again here a good
awesome so the best buy a knife allows
you to go find it
that's funny
here's a little skateboarding let's go
skateboard alright Tony Hawk you tired
so you're ready to go little Tony Hawk
come on are you good
it's like the best way to exercise but
I'm gonna jump you Bart yeah oh oh this
is the stupidest thing ever oh oh my God
look at all the people where we're going
look at all the people that's where
we're going
so X bees yo general go to Zaxby's
that's a lot of people dude Oh parents
what's up oh yeah the parents are here
now did you
Nonpoint answer was either hey that's
hilarious
ride began random so you know what's
funny this is the place where if you
look at one of the fan blades it was the
CTFxC dollar I think this is this one
isn't
yes that's apple juice
Nicoll oven because it use my onion
glasses okay we're playing a game called
who would you do all right I'm not a fan
of this game booth let's do this all
right or Lady gaga
oh that's tough because both both are
like a mystery like is it just a
one-night stand
or in that's it it's just like or is
there commitment I would have said
fuckin well though I have hours
commitment I would just be a I would say
shared she's got the money I would say
dog ass money what are you talking
but she's got like 50 years I don't know
yeah very shallow when it comes to the
sherry lady got I don't know can you
guys answer that one cher or Lady Gaga
to answer I can't answer
Lady gaga yeah I would say Lady Gaga yes
jewel I'm gonna ask Ali now let's see
here we think I mean turn this off and
thanks for second Richard Simmons or
Tony Little oh my god there we go see
that's why I was waiting that's why I
was waiting
really
she's been waiting for literally 21
years to arrive and you're getting lots
of free drinks or that you think I get
for Jace
get away with
Oh
all right I'm going to show you guys the
scariest McDonald's you will ever go to
in your entire life what what you say I
don't eat l didn't know you said I
didn't want a pan over there I'll talk
to the cop you know this is actually no
no that jeez are you did you not see
Jessie in the bag there were about the
teaser for that no but what time I can
tell you story I'll take this
great
don't smile you're smiling like that
surely he's nice so he's a really nice
guy okay after after we leave this place
I'll tell you guys the funny story
gusting thing oh no I'm too young
this is proof yeah discussing bathroom
I've ever seen
I let them know let them do that they
just flash some people we're still at
McDonald's and they flash google
classiest thing ever stripped
oh that's a disaster zone
okay now that we're out of there I can
tell you that's the story um the
bathroom is probably the scariest
sketchiest bathroom up until recently
they didn't have like security guys for
those dead did they head pop oh yeah
they did they're actually had legit cots
anyway so bombs would go there are
homeless people would go there and they
would they would sleep in the halls so
one of my favorite memories is a cop a
smaller cop maybe wat alleys height but
like five one five four oh five six okay
so about five six let's just say he's
five five four the story he decided to
be all hard and macho and he thought he
could like jump on the stall like sexy
he thought he could like you know like
do one of those running jumps and pull
himself over install and see who was in
there he did that hit this pace on the
thing but then he was he acted really
proud and I was actually watching my
hands um
funniest moment of my entire he called
funniest moment of my entire life that I
couldn't laugh at it's like one of those
things one of those moments where you
can't laugh publicly because he'll tease
you bro I love drug people I love you
know what the best thing is I love
recording drunk people and then putting
them on the Internet that's my favorite
shoot did you do something bad
well you guys texting like you did
something bad Oh shake good girl oh
they're just watching Colbert every
single time this is what I always make
addy watch I guarantee no one has seen
this movie
yeah uh hope this doesn't show up on my
book accounts he's Charles Charles
Trippy with Marley Zoe and his fiancee
Allie you can watch it on a shuttle
ready a decision from the internet
