lady bird what's on me it ran right into
my face it's like 8:30 in the morning I
got here like what do you got girl got a
cheeseburger what do you got what do you
have what is this it's so weird
thank you jack
even though it was supposed to be for
Zoey took it didn't she
she's such a jerk he's your MacGyver
mouth fully equipped with mullet Nate
from Illinois since you stand dimetric
Kyle you guys are going to see something
that I haven't I haven't done since I
was 16 years old I sent the clips
yesterday for the Annoying Orange but
because I have a beard it's kind of
screwed up with effects what was that I
have to shave like baby-faced shave and
I'm a little nervous because I'm the
type of person my skin has like this
reaction well it kind of like breaks out
and like just screws up or something so
I'm really nervous but I really want to
be on The Annoying Orange so I'm gonna
do it apparently Shay Shay actually when
he was the cabbage he had to completely
go clean-cut to so if he did it I have
to do it is it bad that I'm totally
craving one of those double down
sandwiches I'm totally craving one let's
just told me that somebody took a
doughnut and cut it in half and put it
like a bun on the outside of the
DoubleDown sandwich do
not underestimate people people never
fail to amaze you with their culinary
inventions that's weird that tops peanut
butter and pickle for me guys oh yeah oh
yeah they are right there are they the
car move move car
I farted I'm sorry sorry about that it's
stinky no don't scam hi so I was in the
post office and there was this younger
girl this a college girl and there was
these two old guys and I wish I had the
camera I left it in with Allie but she's
just sitting at the front and I'm
watching the guys eyes they're like this
just doing this like their daughter's
age she was definitely 18 I know I need
coffee I've been thinking guys what do
you think about me getting an internet
killed television and tattoo to go along
with my aster Lux tattoo no I've been
wanting to do a tattoo that would kind
of go with this like a various like
space science II type of thing and I
thought doing like an internet killed
television with like some binary some
computer some networking that might be
kind of cool and it would actually tie
into that really well don't you think
that a full sleeve maybe like a quarter
sleeve down to my elbow I think it's a
half sleeve isn't it what do you think
if we get five hundred million
subscribers no actually I'm really
thinking about doing it I just got to
find out if you're a good tattoo artist
like that good if you're an amazing
tattoo artist or know somebody who's
amazing tattoo artist let me know go to
internet kill TV and use the contact
form or and they email me and let me
know because I want to find an awesome
preferably I would rather have Jason
cruise from the bands throwing out this
band but I don't think he's available at
I actually asked hunter I was like hey
do you know Jason Cruise if anyone has
context to the money being people let me
know and I'll do it I'll do it
there we go over the knuckles should I
get CTFxC on my knuckles
you have to put effects on it like now
you could go CT and then F and then a
little X and then the seat of several
x-men points exclamation exclamation one
exclamation scare hangover carjacker
cough cough cough cough cough cough
cough I'm gonna be spaz tastic in five
minutes coffee actually calms me down
which is kind of funny
watch the car these are like the
stupidest horns ever oh that would work
we'll see the thing is I know nothing
about razors oh my god $22 for a razor
geez I'm glad I just do the bill this is
why I always have to have had a five
o'clock shadow
can you see yours this use music girl
razor yeah it's always so embarrassing
when you go buy a big giant thing of
toilet paper cuz you can't just get one
thing a toilet paper you have to buy it
like massive amount so you only have to
do it that's a smaller one
I take a lot so I need 75 roll things
there's really only one purpose for
toilet paper I guess is to blow your
nose yeah you're right it is still
pretty embarrassing a long time ago
before YouTube even existed what no I
used to do videos thousand years Oh
aquitine
aquitine the robot I used to do videos I
have a bunch of VHS tapes of old skits
and stunts that I used to do and one of
those videos that we used to do we had a
hidden camera somebody would be behind
us and we would try to buy those random
things together and see like you know
like what the cashiers like expressions
so one time I bought a banana
I can't some condoms some cream cheese
some tape and just random things it just
recorded the lady and it was the most
priceless thing ever and I'm gonna see
if I can find those and there was
another thing where I was um I was in a
monkey suit and I went into Publix and
bought a bunch of bananas that was
pretty funny I was like 14 when I did
these things I have to find these oh my
god the moment of truth what will
Charles look like with okay this is I
should explain this is what this is for
when I come in here and I do like videos
yeah I tell myself poop and I just go
like this
no so we're gonna put you guys the
little thing just yet interesting hi
there we go
so we should do this first I take my
shirt off the internet doesn't get seen
naked
Oh Marley
she's all concerned so I should do the
beer change this thing or at first was
that a complete sentence that I even
actually say complete sentence there
okay so this is the closest I've ever
been to a complete shade is it's dying
Oh hold on whispers batteries okay like
I said all you guys all you've met out
there to shave all the time I was 16
because last time I did I had like an
allergic reaction to it so we're gonna
try this stuff it's cool it's good
looks like a bad milk commercial oh this
is probably why Shana's inlay shave a
lot possessed his hair going so fast
he'd have to do this all the time do
this
that was weird like in the past
oh I look like I'm like 14 14 year old
you can actually see where your sink is
a little bit paler where your oh what
you guys think so I keep it completely
clean-shaven all the time or the five
o'clock shadow all right I'm thinking
I'm thinking just to go back to this of
this I feel like I feel exposed to
nature right now like if it's cold that
would be like freezing oh my god you
can't just like red and white that's
ridiculous okay I'm gonna go film this
either day apparently a couple ourselves
which is you know perfect since this
video requires my list so I know okay hi
Zoe scary I scared you
Haley Haley oh my god I have an idea I
heard Dane Dane if you're watching this
video I wanna be the annoying tangerine
and I could be your cousin
that'd be awesome wouldn't it I could be
the annoying tangerine I'm gonna text
you right now oh there we go
what's up what's up
pee break yeah I just recorded that
hey she's wobbling you got in my mind
okay good girl so you had better stop
that leg so yes thank you
watch it she'll get it off me the long
voice oh my god what are you doing look
at this dog Charles ready push the board
not her there you go Zoe oh my god
froggy what's up you're gonna be on the
Internet go up for another pose all
right we're gonna do now so crazy dude
do you know what movie that is old
school movie in the 90s saying that's
what she said
how is happening I'm so unpredictable
leave member Kelsey from the spine yeah
so yeah okay she lived in my building
I'm sure you guys maybe you haven't
watched the videos but if you have
watched the videos before you've seen
this face from balance villains and
we're having a study session a study
session for our exam tomorrow not really
working tip no working at all right now
I've got a bunch of coffee we've all
these cups of espresso yeah no this is
not the cafe cone and that's basically
just fueled our conversation you're not
our studying so good conversation yeah
and you're drawing your tarot cards over
there can I see why this yeah it's
beautiful
okay it's about good ideas it's about
good ideas I can show you he's he's
amazing and he's drawing his own set of
tarot cards and it's sweet and awesome
you're doing so well I mean it's the
night Johnny get ready to see this face
on YouTube a lot more I'm telling you
watch out
watch battle of the exes you can see it
killed television
