have you ever been like driving
somewhere like that you've been to about
I don't know like a million one time
something you do like like religiously
within like you're about to get there
and then all of a sudden you decide to
take a turn that you've never done and
to see if you can get to the same place
a different way yeah I just tried that
now I'm totally lost
I'm not using GPS at all and I guarantee
I'll find my way I guarantee it
okay I have no idea where that the cab
earth the coppers are coming you know
it's like funny because though one day I
actually put that keep them it's
actually kind of funny cuz the one day I
actually kept them on the leash today
three police officers just went by that
would have been a nice fine there hey
thanks things seem to happen for a
reason
look at you guys to go across side
what's up this is the only way to get
her do a trick support stand up here for
like five minutes she's still standing
geez that was pretty good Marley bless
you so I got to do my clip for The
Annoying Orange yes I'm going to be in
The Annoying Orange and I have to film
it today and Dane
if you don't know Dane his other
channels gagfilms the creator of the
annoying orange he actually sent over
some things that I need to do and I
gotta basically mimic all this stuff
that's his that's the Annoying Orange
that's what it looks like and there's
his uh mouth
do you ever wanted to know yeah you got
to go check out Danes channels he's a
cool guy
and he's putting me in there I don't
know which episode of this but I wanna
film it today so make sure over there
checking it out
I'm all nervous excited it's like when I
was asked to be a part of the retarded
policeman if you don't remember that
series that was hilarious with pots but
yeah I was like what favorite webseries
what it was running and now the annoying
orange is my favorite webseries it and I
get to be a part of it again and I'm
like yeah oh yeah don't screw up Charles
oh she's the camera dude the lyrics
lyrics please don't start Apple I'm not
gonna work with you if you keep doing
that
yapple so this is what is it weird it's
your mouth really close-up Apple it is
no it's not white balancing so you look
really yellow it's just my teeth balance
white balance yeah there we go now let's
go okay so I know you orange we need to
go okay
what's up hey what's up what's up what's
up hey what's the UH what's up what's up
yo what's up hey yo what's up yo hey
what's up just waiting for our neighbors
to quit flushing the freakin toilet it's
really what you're doing this cuz like
I'm really like I can't see what's going
on first of all no stupid neighbors I
hear water flushing oh and pounding
apparently our neighbors are like the
only people that wear high heels and I
know not the only high heels our
neighbors are people who wear high heels
only all the time these are the only
shoes they wear are they said nibblers
it was Arnie Oh blows I the only pee
we although hi he was on top hey if you
guys look at this end of the camera can
you guys see yourself never mind I don't
know quiet on the set no what kind of
unprofessional people don't silence
their phones Ali do you hear that water
in the background we have the noise come
on come on we never ask anything just
quiet right now this is like I'm only
gonna do like a 30 second thing that's
it it's funny like I mean I'm not
annoyed by it like people live above me
it's whatever but I don't care as long
as we're filming ordinary noises
extraordinarily well actually you know
we should preface this with we realize
that we are noisy with the dogs and I
don't care they could have parties at
6:00 in the morning there's need 30
seconds that's they stop oh yeah
do something keep going I've been
driving around for the past 30 minutes
because I I'm okay you know those moods
that where you you see her you're like
oh you know that was sound delicious and
then you realize that place is closed
then you're like oh wait wait no this
will sound delicious and then you go
there and they moved so I've been
driving around thinking of every craving
that I could possibly have and trying to
get that food and it's it's it's like an
adventure
it's like adventure Tuesday's it's a
Tuesday no it's Wednesday what day is it
oh yeah I actually set all the footage
to Dean from Annoying Orange I think
that I'll probably come out Friday
whenever he does the Friday videos I
don't know if it's this week or next
week
so yeah I well I'm not gonna tell you
what fruit I am you guys have to guess
if I'm a fruit maybe I'm not a fruit
baby I'm the knife that would be a turn
you turned me right round baby right
round like a record baby round round
round round all right be face and poop
face guard the car well did you actually
just bump back anything I know you guys
are like wait did he actually have the
dogs in the car earlier no I actually
teleported them here because I needed my
co-pilots to tell me what to get and
they're telling me to go here to get
food oh no it smells like butt juice in
here who did it somebody try to rob the
place it was you is that why you jumped
up front oh it smells so bad Zoey
Oh Mike please let's go put the windows
down we got to go we got to go now don't
be so sad it's okay it happens to
everybody you know every once in a while
anybody secretes poop juice out their
butts I'm sorry I'm Riley but you got to
go in the back you have to go back there
plug your nose you eat poop what are you
talking about I'm just gonna sing the
rest of the fuck am I
what you're doing in your honor so we're
getting ready to watch I think what is
this this is called gentlemen Broncos or
something like that yeah it came out
like last year or something I guess it's
a Napoleon Dynamite guy I'm really
apprehensive it's got your Mane in it so
it's got to be pretty cool so we're
gonna see I don't know it looks weird
we'll see these Charles Charles champion
with Morley's army and his fiancee Ally
you can watch this channel we need a
decision from the international
television
