I hate bad days you know those mornings
when you let you wake up and you're like
yeah I'm gonna get things done today you
know I feel really good about today but
then you you tried everything you
possibly could do with your hair like
everything you you wet it you put gel in
it put mousse in it whatever that just
makes it worse the thing is you can
never defeat a bad hair day if you're
gonna if you're destined to have a bad
hair day you will have you ever noticed
how like picky people are when buying a
postage stamps least in America I don't
know if it's like that in other
countries I've noticed every single time
that I go mail all the shirts or the
hoodies but it's funny like some people
like hey can I get no five stamps the
first is like oh wait Bob Denver
Garfield or puppies and people like oh
can I see the Bob Denver one like does
it matter why does the stamp matter as
long as it gets there right so if I go
like I need 6 stamps and they go oh
would you like you know Bob
Chuck Norris or Barbie or I don't we I
wouldn't even pick Chuck Norris I'd be
like is the Barbie one like gotta get
there is it gonna get there it's just as
quick although if you get to Chuck
Norris one of the prices or kick its way
through the mail system you know what
they really do you need to make a Chuck
Norris one that would be awesome but
those would be the highest selling
stamps of all time guaranteed Chuck
Norris stamps they'd be so powerful it
would just melt the paper how you doing
back there turtle like comfortable for
you I'm not talking to you right now you
jerk
good dog seatbelts Kelly yeah Marley
that looks like the most dangerous thing
ever
it's like ropes and it's a giant tree
I'm totally gonna climb it there you go
don't kill yourself it's tires oh gosh
shoeless everybody watch out I can't
believe that's an actual kid's place
kids toy stop that she's trying to take
a little gentle leader you're trying to
go the hardest way are you the other day
I saw the kids just hanging upside down
if I saw my four-year-old climbing up
there I'd have a heart attack oh maybe
oh hi dog that's weird
you want that thing off your head don't
you what oh there's a huge gap I see it
yeah yeah yeah for it now you gotta come
down do you guys remember those the
slides that were like a conveyor belt
had little Rolly things so when you went
down them it like pinched your leg yeah
those were good do they still have those
out over the Rolly slides the Rolly
slides
did you equip it why did I hit this when
I was a kid
I would start for real see who can win
are you going down who's winning 10
points this is awesome little kids get
like the coolest things now just imagine
like what our kids will have to probably
be like look at jetpacks outside at the
park
have you ever been curious I'm like how
they discovered that these were edible
that mushrooms were edible I which ones
were the good ones and then which ones
with a good ones numbers Kim and then
the ones would that kill you you know
what I mean like is there's like a guy
of mushroom taste tester
it's like trial and error that would
suck to be that guy everybody put
habanero pepper in that you know I've
used I cannot believe this if you look
above this video right now what's that
say it's this day what 361 361 days so
far that is unbelievable when Ally I
first started doing this I honestly
didn't think we'd be able to do it
longer than I don't know the attention
span of Marley s like a ball
we had a more T off-track anyway so 361
is insane I mean really looking back on
it 361 days that's crazy that we were
able to film and share it with you guys
travel we travel to Spain get engaged we
did all these fun things and even the
mundane things dude all the days we're
just sitting there you know at the park
or just playing video games you guys
were there we got to share that with you
you will always be a part of our life
that's really kind of cool to think
about you know like when our kids are
like 15 down the road or something like
that and our little kids are like trying
to make videos on YouTube or maybe it'll
be something called like in your face
brain microchip tube I mean like
seriously like first of all I mean
there'll be more shows like this like
the tosh point-o
then I mean like in ten years our kids
will be able to look at the comments
that you guys wrote on our videos and to
be like dad what is troll for you mean
what he calls you a piece of and I you
know I will I still won't know the
answer seriousness it's been so much fun
so far I don't know if I want to stop
hmm the worst part is trying to create
some sort of montage of the best moments
of the past 365 days in a video does
anyone want to do it is anyone good at
editing editing I did it did yeah that
was a moment right there oh by the way
before I forget Tyson is feeling much I
was knock down broken Texan is feeling
much better actually my little sister
Melissa sent some videos so before I say
anything else here's some pictures and
video of Tyson and his knee surgery and
how he's kicking some butt cuz you guys
have been asking hey guys so we're
taking Tyson to get his staples out
today he's done really well it's been
two weeks in one day since he had a
surgery hey buddy
okay so Tyson's like was a little bit
bleeding but he's fine
I just went back in he just huffed at me
so he's okay he said he's doing great
I guess it's normal for them to bleed a
little bit cuz they got staples out who
would have thought he's just ready to go
home
look at him die so cute okay come on
let's take a walk
you guys it's starting to use his back
but it go slowly he starts using it more
otherwise he wants to run and then he
limps like he's doing right now
good boy Tyson starting to walk can see
he's on a very very short leash
otherwise Tyson thinks that he can run
around the Kobe but he can't he's
injured but he's not Tyson Ingrid
Kobe not where you go and go V Tyson
Geoff cool-blue will see you on day 362
Oh PS for those who want my phone number
go to youtube.com slash trippy and
subscribe over there
and you get my phone number yeah my
phone number he's Charles Charles Trippy
with Marley Surrey and his fiancee Allie
