well the one time I don't have my camera
on an awesome butterflies just flying
around say look Santa the butterfly
that's pretty funny guys are hilarious
don't eat them
oh yeah
no that is the way to start today oh
yeah it's really bad I never really
realized how suggestive Britney Spears
and kriti Spears and Christina Aguilera
song lyrics were and a little
six-year-old girls are singing that it's
a shame how did you get out of that she
completely unbuckled her seat belt Zoe
still and Zoe still there so we're gonna
go meet up with Evan and dot tez but I
wanted to run the dogs look how crappy
it is again another crappy day in
Tallahassee what priceless compact disc
isness synthesis Taylor CD I love Taylor
Kanye what's this Taylor Taylor mix cube
you wanna hear a funny story I got an
email yesterday from tech a tech guy or
something like that at blippi because
all you guys are trying to join for the
contest the free hoodie contest are my
page because you guys were going to my
page so much was taking down the entire
website like it was going so slow so
they had to add a bunch of servers just
to run my page so you guys can join so
two things one you guys are fucking
amazing and two I think we need to do
more contests cuz obviously you guys
like that I guess it just shows how
powerful the CTFxC is huh I love you
guys so much I should just make out with
you now
Oh somebody right there let's go the
other way that was a little bit
embarrassing you know guy walking with
his two dogs down a dark wooded area of
making out with a camera you know you
don't see that every day
dog squirrel chase the squirrel do 360
60 coolest postcard ever when I was
really young I used to watch I Dream of
Jeannie all the time because I used to
have a crush on her that and the bewitch
girl I used to have a huge crush on even
though that would be like equivalent of
my grandma as a kid that's we see this
person also sent this one and this one
as well so now we have three it's from
youtube.com slash with Kayla I believe
you guys just sold out are you ready
yeah you look pretty
mm-hmm cuz they're part of the doggies
we're gonna go meet dr. van Evan all
right no destroying anything deal deal
stop Cora Japanese sushi anger in you go
ahead that's a pretty good accent I know
you trying to heal
roll she's about to make me mad it's
like raw fish on the outside look at
this this weird design you know it's
like pop it on backwards for fun it's
more fun
right
yeah
kids wait till I was afraid you know the
worst thing about doing is you don't
make you break your teeth that's what
I'm saying like how many drunk okay how
am I supposed to
are you in salad chopsticks with a sour
sorry Dee sweaty sushi we're showing
them the Platypus song what this you're
welcome can you see it
I totally got a splinter from using the
chopsticks from the sushi place like
right there in my lip look up okay look
how big my lip is now watch by tomorrow
it'll be huge he's Charles Charles
champion with Marley Zoe and his fiancee
Allie you can watch this channel we need
a decision from the internet television
