good morning whoo I bet you I look good
right now what an hours sleep so now I
have to get all of this right here
into the car and an hour can I do it
it's like a game it's like controls do
this the past two days you know this
reminds me of it reminds me of like the
world's best Christmas just imagine if
you get this many presents it's all
falling on me I can totally feel the car
slowing down I wouldn't want to wait to
hear now all of us her two digit coming
out looks like I'm a big shot here at
the post office that's a lot of drugs
all right so I just had to drop off
three tubs to do them now I'm going back
to the house to fill up this car again
myself Tulloch carload number two and
we're done okay you guys gotta see this
alright alright alright you guys gotta
see this these are the receipts right I
have to these receipts they're about the
same length I want to show you guys how
long these receipts are in this parking
lot
hold all right so put it in the door
there we go just see how long this
receipt is
and we're gonna times this by two you
guys are nuts I'm actually kind of
curious let's see receipt number two I
put it in the door receipt number two is
same length because driving totally
different now that there's not all those
packages alright so now to do something
fun I think I remember I like telling me
the the movie Mars Attacks is actually
gonna be playing at the it's called the
SLC in Tallahassee it's basically FSU's
this nice theater and they play all
these awesome movies like what Gruber's
coming out to it but yeah I think Mars
do tax is actually gonna play there
tonight who remembers that movie the
movie was amazing I wants to got a big
screen time to clean up
like I said in yesterday's video we have
a bunch of extra ones
so before we start selling them again I
thought it'd be really fun to do that
contest so if you you didn't see in
yesterday's video basically if you
followed me on my blippi account
blippi comps lost Charles Trippy links
in the sub bar I'm gonna pick five
random followers and give you guys a
choice of a hoodie or a t-shirt and I
thought it'd be fun I like contest so
and then maybe after that we'll do it
again so if you want to enter it all you
got to do is follow me on blippi it's
pretty simple simple contest
super simple simple simple duper Dipple
that was wrong you can find the rest of
the info on our site are these like the
most manly plates ever manly a man
we're going on a cruise so we're gonna
go on a cruise and early May with our
good friends and guess who's coming with
us you guys I'm really stoked cruises
are so fun but I have to admit something
you guys I failed I failed you on
something I went to the pool and didn't
bring my camera the first time I haven't
brought my camera somewhere it was
really fun though if that helps this is
gonna be totally random but they were
just talking about it is it Blue Man
Group or Blue Man Group
Blue Man Group I still think the victory
records hold music is the best way to go
it's like a giant cat paw big mountain
lions around here ever here are those
stories of those like joggers or
sometimes even BMXers or like mountain
bike guys I think it's in California
mainly but like they'll go out on some
sort of trail or wander off like
Marley's doing right now and then they
get their face rip like ripped off and
they get eaten by like a mountain lion
that would suck I think getting eaten by
pretty much anything is up there with
like the worst ways to die I'd say
getting okay the top three worst what
you know what anyway actually Steve's
kind of pretty bad jump I think it alive
or burned alive would probably be the
worst or being burned alive while you're
being eat I don't think the colors like
show up is awesome really cool to me is
it alive no I decided to go back to the
pool it's really funny how humans like
sit out and lay out and then put bronzer
and lay on the Sun
let's get good I can't jump jump what
what are you doing in there are you
hiding my boy be good dude coward please
thank you
it's doggy nail cutting time it's it's
puppy pedicure time pettypaws time she's
like every time she could do you hear
that every time she hears that pettypaws
boys she runs in the back of the show
honey i so sad
I don't know you play this song all the
time I've no idea who it is
Oh band practice
to hear the band wow it's like it sounds
like old 90s grunge rock like alt grunge
rock I guess you could say like that
grunt ah but more like what is it what's
that band called silver chair number
Silver Chair I love silver chair
Fandral
sororities that drought
I actually wanted to ask to get
something up I was talking to Ali and I
can't remember when I went vegetarian do
you guys remember the day
hey we're vlogging
all right so what were we just talking
about if you were to guess what
celebrity if you were to guess what
celebrity Ali looks like what we're
doing okay
without things there that doesn't make
any sense
what celebrity says Ali resemble
and then we'll do do what celebrities
any do I resemble so we said Ali
resembled some brunettes famous actress
I wasn't the girl from icarly somebody
else the person over there she deleted
them from Facebook
that's when I take the whole top evening
everyone by space was huge and if you
weren't on the topic
thanks to you zoom on your face
I guess what the first thing I'm gonna
do when I got on the cruise ship is wait
did I tell we're going on the cruise hey
we're going on a cruise this next song
is one of the very first songs I ever
learned how to play on the bass if you
can tell me what band this is I will be
your best friend
no it's calm
hello lucky
here's the head you guys know the guys
from cobra starship game this is his
first band that's your head
tell me lava lava lava good girl what is
that she got lucky okay if you can jump
from here to here go over here quick oh
good job
I'll see hi it's such a goofy dog I just
got the most amazing email that I've
ever gotten him I don't want to jump the
gun you guys but I think I just may have
won five million British pounds I got an
email from winning Hondo lottery or
something like that and beauty kay and
it looks like that Holly and I may have
won five million package just want my
name my address my age my occupation my
phone number my marital status my bank
account number my country my nationality
but that doesn't matter I still may have
one ally ally
you can quit school we're done we just
won five million pounds that will buy a
person perhaps you can have a person for
five million actually what is five
million pounds and I watch it is like a
dollar
look how legit it's from winning not to
undisclosed reciprocity I mean that's
totally me I totally just one who falls
for spam mail anymore like I remember
when I first got on the internet I think
was like a sixth grade so it was like 96
and spam mail used to be really good it
used to be so good it was like if I were
to write you an email it was like
believable but now it's like you get
this you get this like cryptic the weird
written kind of email that has like
numbers and dashes where it shouldn't be
like who falls for those anymore alright
did you fall for one yesterday
I used to love this show it was so
stupid I love this person so much they
put charmander's head on charmander's
body so Ali and I were watching Rocko's
Modern Life right now and I have to show
you this a little thing about me I
didn't really fly a flew when I was
little but I wasn't really aware of
everything you know like like a toddler
but the first time I ever flew anywhere
was to New York City had to go out there
for a job actually during the youtube
wouldn't YouTube just started the way my
mom was like okay if you're gonna do
YouTube you have to get over your fear
of flying so I got on the plane okay I
never realized how much cartoons like
really affects people like
subconsciously or at least for me you
guys are gonna make funny about this to
this day I don't put any toilet paper or
paper towels or anything in the yeah I
never pull on an airplane thank you so
because I don't want to put toilet paper
in the plane because I think the planes
gonna crash and for the I never realized
why I thought that so we were watching
this episode and I remembered it was
because Rocko he puts it in there it's
flush and the plane goes down see
never realize it cartoons had a huge
impact on my life
subconsciously of course that's quite
embarrassing I can't believe I'm gonna
put that on the Internet
look at your Twitter right now okay you
guys on daily boots that are responding
to that picture I just took of me eating
Charl
there of Charles eating my brains you
are whole weird I can't even tell you
how frickin awesome you people are the
follow me on dailybooth like you make my
day you're so funny
I'm more concerned on how you know my
password when I don't even know my
pastor he's Charles Charles Champion
with more Lisa V and his fiancee ally
you can watch my channel we need a
decision from the internet
