oh man gonna be a long morning it's her
tea time oh my gosh that's literally a
tot literally a ton of shirts that is a
metric ton of hoodies whoa I almost
tripped over the dog holy crap Zoe she
strategically places herself around the
house so that I blessed can you hear
that do you hear that sexy sound coming
out of my mouth that's sick Ali I gotta
call it post office is war one of my
flower is blooming that Tara got me whoa
half the day is gone sorry about that
you guys I'm trying to organize all the
shirts and ofu didn't know on our
website internet killed TV at the very
bottom if you look at the very bottom
right we have a news feature on there
called subscriber of the week and
basically you know I'm gonna pick a
alley and myself are gonna pick one of
you guys I'm gonna put your Twitter your
YouTube or whatever and your photo
you're super awesome photo put you guys
on the website to hopefully get some
more subscribers and some views on your
videos so if you guys like you like that
idea I thought it'd be kind of fun you
know subscriber the way
yeah if you're interested in that go to
internet killed tv.com and check that
out I'm picking up a Lear and now she
was freaking out she had a presentation
actually tomorrow's her last day of
classes I think maybe next week I'm not
really sure what school out you guys I
door woohoo free coffee their machine
screwed up their loss is my gain I have
two cups I do have two cups too i do
Gups freak up in a free coffee what
hello sleepy yeah oh man now it begins
look I can climb on it i am the king of
the castle I just don't need health
insurance ah it's like I'm Godzilla or
no King Kong oh I don't know why I'm
filming you about to hurt yourself oh
that is awesome yeah sure oh I should
have let you stand up into the van that
would have been hilarious in conquer the
shirt do you feel high and mighty no she
was this tall that would be so cool this
whole why how cool would that be was
that you wouldn't be able to go anywhere
no roller coasters now though to see the
250 feet 13 meadow no baby awesome
what's it like what is the world's
tallest man I think Frank a little bit
over seven feet right is it that yang
what's his name shall we get what the
best ball now I don't think you got me I
don't tell me I don't think he's the
tallest no okay I'm gonna go and make
sure this kill himself now look how
awesomely organized i am this time this
is only gonna take me oh I don't know
five million hours okay it is 845 at
night see how long this is gonna take
the good news is I think there's gonna
be extra because so many okay so what
did I start 845-9 crap what time was at
eight nine well it's 945 now and I
haven't even really made a dent looks
like bags of drugs
it's eleven o'clock and the piles
growing 115 in the morning a lot more
done though hey good idea ah like a
giant beanbag
it's hot
ah hey Zoey oh it's two in the morning
we're almost there though the good news
is I think we're gonna have a couple
extra ones that's cool maybe i'll try to
think of some got all this to pack maybe
a contest i'll let you know at the end
of this video or right after this clip
if i actually have something what you
know you guys want to do that too it's
actually more fun than it looks hey guys
okay so it's like five in the morning
Ali passed out I got that much done I
only have this much left so I'm getting
there but um I'm gonna I'm gonna fall
asleep and have to finish this in the
morning but I did want to let you guys
know we do have a lot of extra ones so I
thought it'd be really fun to play like
a little game or something like that so
what I'm going to do so what I'm going
to do since we're gonna have like a
bunch of extra ones i thought i'd be
kind of fun to give away a few so this
is what i want to do if you're not
following me on the new website that
I've been addicted to lately blippi
blippi complex Charles Trippy go over
there sign up and follow me and I'm
gonna pick like five random followers of
my channel and send you guys a hoodie of
your choice or shirt whichever you guys
want so yeah go on go follow me on
blippy and maybe you'll get a buddy ow
links in this sub bar mmm that was the
other thing I wanted to ask you guys
what do you guys prefer you like the
underbar you like the sub bar do like
pants bar what what is your favorite one
say stop bar started say it's been so
boring i'm just trying to get all this
stuff out to you guys so you don't want
to kill me goodnight
oh if it's up he's Charles Charles
Trippy with Marley Zoe and his fiance
alley you can watch shut up what are
your decision from the internet
