always working out
I'm not actually makes a lot of sense
while I'm driving Ali thought to be
smart and I agree this is kind of work
out in the car since there's a lot of
car waiting I do love to fun everyone
going to work those those quads wait now
your bike that you buy you try a larger
out those ride and drive we're crazy
there now purpose that were questions
together stay together that's a good job
we happier for Danny oh that's actually
really funny so Ali's brother is having
a baby girl and she has yet to get
anything for him so we are shopping for
his little baby girls and in the
meantime we're finding some funny things
for Danny and Valentina hello in the
trav and Jenny's here we go find
something that's true that's a little
bit difficult Italica we should make a
little We The Kings actually really cool
everything's on micro I like Batman I
know but wait no Danny trav ordaining
Fowler having a boy well I have that
hello Jenny and travel I guess that is a
mystery baby I would I don't know that
would stress me out I wouldn't know what
to prepare for
yes you just have to do a lot of usual
stuff there we go
that's some trap pants right there I'm
digging the Batman that for your brother
yeah sorry I'm fine
haha little bit little flutter well the
worst part is Ali is not a fan of pink
and everything for little girls are
always pink like no you can't like
there's a whale the whale stellar colors
like blue yellow went up blue more like
yellow and green more neutral colors
eating Jenny goes to the salmon cutter
what about if it's a boy
Jenny and trap come on man anything
funny no and just let us know I promise
I won't tell anyone
it's an alley sweater she get that for
your brother I love this take this out
it's real funny stylish stylish a little
mini humans alleys would be the cool
aunt I'm gonna be so cool I don't know
like Eileen I was the same it seems like
it's easier a dress for a boy and a girl
I feel like it's a little bit hard okay
just get one of those I just kind of
feel like it is a little harder so I
feel like you can just put a boy in
anything I think over time a girl kind
of gets pickier over here mission
successful Wow unless we find out what's
rapping Jenny you're getting and then
right now it's like versus getting
having so I guess is what they're
getting I was
this internship historic delivery at any
rate it's just more confusing this way
I'd be freaking out not knowing
right I think weekend's they didn't they
wanted to think they just broke at the
last minute and tried to find out or
found out except yellow peanut what do
you got there bud you good thinking
Marla's not with me all right guys I
want to have a little talk with you guys
because I felt like it's been a long
time and kind of necessary
well Ally's running right now in the
heat like a crazy person but as I walked
down here as I'm speaking to you guys
I'm seeing lots of spiders and just
immediately realized this was a bad idea
all right see right here it's better and
I can see him coming all right let's get
off of it or gone with it I should say
yesterday a lot of you guys or maybe
today you notice that i changed the
display name of the CTFxC page the
Charles and Allie first off I don't want
you guys getting worried that the CTFxC
brand as a whole is gone dead or this
forever gone I wanted you guys know it's
just a display name it will forever ever
be it will never change it it's always
going to be youtube.com slash CTFxC that
will never change just wanted to put
that out there first second the reason
why I did this was because I wanted to
make it a little bit more personal to
ally myself as far as like our life if I
could I even thought about it it's kind
of fun I was going to put it Charles in
Ally's away Marlene diesel but I felt
like that was kind of Nestle comfortable
I thought that was a little bit
obnoxious but I was going to do it just
for fun to see if I could youtube
implemented this option that's available
to made this available months ago and I
think beta was up maybe a couple years
ago and I've always considered it but
I've been scared I've been definitely
scared of doing this because maybe like
you guys I'm scared and terrified of
change things like that maybe really
scared I'm not comfortable with change a
lot of people aren't comfortable change
but yesterday I was thinking about it
and I just pulled the band-aid off and I
was like Charles if you're going to do
this do it because you want to and I did
and I noticed a lot of you guys were a
little concerned of the change but I
just wanted to put the rest and put you
guys at ease that you guys will forever
be as a community the
CTFxC I will never stop referring to you
guys as anything else you guys will
always be referred to as CTFxC is I just
want to put that out there right now
that I don't want you guys concerned I
just wanted to do something a little bit
different and it was my decision I just
wanted to do this and I felt like it's
kind of okay do you guys remember a long
time ago when I started implementing
internet killed television internet
called TV into the CTFxC is kind of like
a sub brand it's very similar that's
what I kind of felt like it's very
similar to that
allene myself as like a sub brand
underneath the CTFxC so that's what I
was saying like it will never be
different the CTFxC the URL will always
be the same it's just a different name
on the display name so if that makes any
sense I just I don't know it's like I
really kind of I was really scared of
talking about this but I felt like it
was very important that I kind of
brought you guys in on this conversation
because this whole thing is just very
much yours as it is mine and I felt like
it was my responsibility as Charles of
the CTFxC to talk with you guys to see
GFX fears about why I did it and you
know what's going on and not to freak
out or anything like that oh my god I'm
still nervous I'm nervous about talking
about this because like I said it's I
was terrified of doing it for the
longest time but it's something that
I've been wanting to do for a very long
time and I just wanted to let you guys
know about why I did it and if you guys
look at a lot of youtubers you'll notice
that this change has happened with them
a lot you as well so if you look at
their display name it's often different
than the URL name this is something that
I will never do I will never change my
url it will always be the CTFxC so if
you guys ever want to look up the CTFxC
you will always be there it'll always
bring you back here if you want to
search for CTFxC stuff it'll bring you
back here this was just something I
wanted to change as far as a display
name and I just kind of wanted to not
explain myself but to see where I was
coming from and yeah I hope you guys can
accept this embrace it and just see
where I'm coming from and I just hope
that I didn't terrify
too many of you guys as much as it
terrified myself so that's it I hope I
hope you guys understand and I hope you
guys still love us because we love you
guys just as much as we always did
nothing has changed nothing is changing
it's just the way it's displayed so yeah
okay I'm glad I glad I got that off my
chest okay I'll stop rambling right now
because I'm probably making things more
confusing just weird so yeah guys I hope
you guys understand where I'm coming
from and kind of I hope you guys love it
because I feel like now I'm going to
start again I hope you guys love it
because I feel like it's a little bit
more personable to Ali and myself and
it's kind of cool because we have the
CTFxC still but we also have Charles and
Allie and we also have internet killed
television so it's like we got a bunch
of stuff under our umbrella of the CTFxC
where RCT FX series we got the CTFxC
sorry we got the CT FX Sears and we got
the CTFxC as a community I sorry I
wanted to do this all one take but
sometimes I speak so if it's things like
this that are happening that's why I
edit but I chose that this one I wanted
to do as a one-take so you guys can see
where I'm coming from and just like the
display name I wanted to show how
personable we can be like personal this
conversation is super personal and I
hope I hope you guys get it and I hope
you guys just understand they're not
hating me for that decision I made this
was solely my decision and yeah I hope
you guys are okay with it because we're
not going anywhere this is the videos
aren't going to change we're not going
to change we're still going to upload
every single day nothing is going to
change just to display name so I'm going
to stop rambling now so you guys can
watch the rest of the video all right
love you guys enjoy the rest of the
video okay now I can go investigate
while I'm waiting for Allie where is she
simply if I could finish doing all that
rambling and she still hasn't come back
she probably drove off man I'm so glad I
got that off my chest and I was able to
pop it yes I was so scared and then
change this terrifying it's it's kind of
a terrifying thing it's
arey doesn't matter if it's just like a
display name or if you're changing your
clothes or your haircut or anything like
that
it's scary get a helicopter this is
usually where I fly the drone those are
the things that scare me the most see
that's scary two different levels I love
flying the drone is because airplanes I
know are like you know five ten thousand
feet you know drones don't get that high
helicopters are kind of like the stick
in the spoke the the curveball when
flying drones because they fly a lot
lower and I was that's one thing I was
get terrified about flying drones I
always have to be super careful this
would be good for Zoey it's a good Zoe
stick never mind that's not a good Zoe
six oh yeah there's one other thing and
I don't know why I'm still doing this
because I'm going to hear myself as what
happens when I kind of just start
rambling I forget things I just wanted
to let you guys know or just kind of
talk really briefly is that I know it's
going to take time to get used to and
it's something that's been there for you
know nine years going on I just hope
that the adjustment period for you guys
is very short because I hope you guys
understand where I'm coming from and why
I may have done that I just wanted to
refresh things I feel like it's very
important after doing this for eight or
nine years that you refresh things you
make things unique you make things a
little different and like I was saying
it's strange it's different it's scary
but I just kind of felt like it was time
yeah see this is what I forget I forget
things I do one take I like one takes
but I forget things okay now I'll shut
up about that all right there she goes
now we can leave I'm burning up all I
want to do is sing a Michael Jackson
song right now
little yellow duck yeah you can get out
I'm sure they can get out I'm not so
creeped out it a little it reminds me
when we rescued those ducks yeah I want
to go rescue Maude yeah she go to that
flea market and just buy them all
I'm telling I will sure you guys
remember when we rescued those little
duck from that evil evil person that was
like cages that caged them all up in
their own poo and we took them to a duck
rescue which exists yes say
anything negative things but they think
happening okay well we found out people
come to parks like this and they take
the Ducks and then they try selling my
squirrel want to be on camera oh wow
that was a cool jump get his blood by
the way this is a ring light Ali just
got for her Channel
we gotta test it out well it is glorious
Elaine juice yes we had one boy all of
30 we got her one the first one she has
is like a 14 inch but we wanted to get
our 19 I did some research is a little
bit better as far as like properly
blowing and lighting up everything you
want to go cards oh yeah bring me up
don't go for a walk all right we'll go
though you want to go for what yeah is
that for her okay is it crazy that
conversations light up I think she's so
either I like to think it's not so crazy
because at least Marly talks back
baseball slides home what a doofus he
will stop Marley taught him well bud for
tonight Ali and I have been wanting to
do this for a very long time we felt
like we finally chicken chips like now
yeah right the work we're going to
basically make homemade chicken and
waffles we have our little waffle maker
here oh it was Universal Studios you
know like I have the Krusty Burger and
right next to it they had the chicken
waffles that Cletus this place and we
were like oh we should get that but then
they opted not to because we didn't want
to throw up on all the rides but when we
came home I remember that we had a
waffle maker so we could try it at home
beef occasion like everything's
exploding over there apparently except
one waffle except two chicken mamie
chicken a waffle
that's what we'll make into the state
it's you're gonna waffle sliders this is
why we just walked about a mile and a
half into running
Nelligan hillary yeah I mean first time
we've ever done that remember where I
used to cook all
I think the coolest thing I made was
homemade uh such weak chicken actually
terribly written with me maybe hands and
it was good wasn't it because the secret
ingredient do you remember the secret
ingredient what it's a sesame chicken
ketchup secret ingredient the sesame
chicken sauce is ketchup weird
it only tastes often almost and I think
that's almost done - this is the best
part it's not a giant one we wanted to
make a little mini ones and just do that
just put a little syrup on it that's
freaking delicious mmm
interesting alright good what they do
with fried Shambo we're trying to be a
little bit healthier
this place is you possibly can write
longer personal menu - I'm gonna make a
sandwich - involved with a walnut
mmm it's actually not bad at all healthy
well not really
semi healthy chicken and waffles we're
up you by trial turkey and Ally
Westerberg trippy look is Nellie's just
a little bit more proper she doesn't use
her hands you don't like it that's not
standing afar chicken needs salt over
there like chicken and syrup for some
reason it's like a weird tape that's
actually really good
you know think so no it's not I think is
we're adjusting that you salt pepper Tom
Bevans project and because any well
salty sweet yeah well fried chicken
probably definitely probably good man so
I think I mean some bad it's good by
only there's a good way or a healthy way
to make trigonal waffles no on a one to
ten scale this little adventure of ours
for me I'd give it a name I think we
were trying to be treated in an animal
yeah do I like the chicken I mean we're
going to don't letter with it maybe I
could do it like my panko-crusted and
bacon that's really no I think I'm
looking is good do you like it mark
everyone gets a little piece of walking
nice manatees finding the guy you're the
picky is he here in this entire house
you guys might be wondering what I'm
doing right now I figured we do first
person really nicely he wears this every
night did you guys it's old feet every
time this is the blogs end I watched the
Simpsons I'm just chilling with this
thing just to see what happen
okay guys right gotta go first person
and we're back to normal
that is the result of that awesome cook
right there and kind of me I gotta do
something I can take this off now poof
well guys busy day today I know a lot to
take in I hope you guys enjoy today's
video and I wanted to say thank you so
much for letting me rant for I don't
even know how long I did it just kind of
happens when you let me just talk
without cutting anything I just my brain
doesn't keep up with my mouth and I
probably say the same thing multiple
times so for that I apologize
but I hope you guys can see where I'm
coming from on everything and you know
we could just be the CTFxC that we
always will be and I love you guys so
much and I will see you guys tomorrow
always and if you are brand new click
subscribe okay you guys know will you
watch plenty of YouTube videos don't
forget to go check out Ally's video put
the link in the description and have a
wonderful night guys bye I was gonna
head buys you but I'm not going to do it
today
