you're like Houdini you're still stuck
sit down
dog squirrel chase and saw a squirrel
chaser pull-ups I wonder how much I can
do look at that look how bus it's now
I'm gonna go to display dick oh I hate
spiderwebs bye Zoey it's a floating what
is that like a grub or something it's
like floating he fell Oh what they
grabbed it at me what is that is that
like a that's a caterpillar right that's
cool it's gonna eat you it's gonna eat
you you are dirty and blurry so that
Ringo is that Paul or George
I don't know who won that one pretty
close yeah so I'm pretty sure I'm one of
those people that have an extremely
addictive personality
don't judge oh you guys remember that
Bank right there we're like oh maybe
that's like a big robbery or something
like that it actually turned out what
have you guys sent me a link there was
actually a bank robbery when we drove by
it that one time it was like a week ago
I don't remember I had to try it because
they said they were doing them
differently now I can't tell the
difference tastes like coffee see I
don't know what it is ever since I was a
little my mom would always tell me that
my attention spans it's kind of weird
like when I want to do something I put
like all my effort and like I really try
hard and to do to be my best at it but
then what I do is I get distracted
really easy so like for example YouTube
is actually the longest job that I've
ever had which is awesome I mean it's
the best job in the world but I would
have a job and then I'd like do really
well at it and then really okay there
for another one or like when I was in
the suspense thriller for a couple years
I was like you know I'm gonna totally do
this put all my effort in it and then I
just you know I got distracted by
something else that was more enticing
and internet like now I'm doing that
it's funny though because YouTube is
like one of the things I don't think I'm
going to like get distracted by and do
something else I have so much fun doing
I'm like that with like you know foods
or like coffee and stuff like that I'll
like I'll have the same type of coffee
every single day for like two weeks but
then I'll just like knit I'll do
something else
I don't know it's like it's like an
addictive personality but it's not it's
very strange it's strange but you know
then again I can't tell if it's a good
thing or a ball while Popeyes is hoppin
today what is going on at Popeyes what
is going on at Popeye's Chicken it's
like 50 people like in my parking lot
Oh was I saying see what her state
distracted I get distracted there's an O
what do you think is it a good thing or
a bad thing to have an addictive
personality and let the debate begin in
the sub comments below
is sleepy are you helping me open the
mail Jeff Goldblum Jeff Goldblum but
give Victoria's Secret send me another
blue dabu so I'm just opening the mail
and okay I want to show you guys a
couple things this is from Alan okay
look at this he made
Rocko's Modern Life DVD okay this is
from M Albert from California I don't
know the first name I can't tell it's
Michael or Michelle but look at this
it's a Fred doll oh how does it work
squeeze here oh my god Zoe this is gonna
be your new toy hold on can I see you
for a second then I'll let you eat them
what there's three of them wait don't 1
2 there's for Fred dolls this is crazy I
want my own Fred doll I'm blowing up
over there I mean I'm not a big look
there we go
I mean I'm not a huge fan of Fred the
character but you know Lucas these
difficult it and everything I mean
technically it's kind of genius I mean
everyone who really hates Fred is just
jealous they didn't do it first cuz I
mean everyone wants their own a doll
that speaks like Satan I mean is that
considered selling out to have your own
doll or is that just like really cool I
mean cuz I guess like I said everyone
really would not be opposed to having
their own there going doll do you guys
remember that one time I'm up there I
think I got a haircut and we went to our
favorite restaurant Gordo's here in
Tallahassee and I was like oh why does
it you know where does the word ketchup
come from or whatever just ketchup mean
you know tomato well this is from
Mitchell Mitchell D and I've been proven
wrong there's something called banana
cat
yep I'm a little scared to actually try
this I never knew this existed
about Freddie Oh is the second you gonna
make out with Fred your new toy I don't
know
that is true wise for just embraces best
dog toy ever it's official fred is dead
Zoe she's actually trying to make it
like talk she's doing exactly what
suppose that's funny she's actually
trying to do it great that's features
product features good what this is from
Lindsey from Louisiana it was only
available for one week and it was made
directly by the creators really yeah
moobs can I see him for just a second
you know let well it goes there I have a
question you guys if we were to ever
have a plush talking toy that does this
that's a long one anyway what would the
phrases be let us know in the comments
like this not gonna happen I was just
hypothetical I'm just curious what do
you guys think that nine phrases or 10
phrases in it what top 10 phrases our
toys would be like don't say that's what
she said cuz I wants to eat making
fajitas got a mikvah Jada I'm also going
to try making my favorite dessert /
awesomeness banana bread I like to call
Bananarama bird got my bananas because
guys what the recipe it's on our website
internet kill TV comm links in the sub
bar well see if this tastes good
no there's no real way so like eat a
banana without it being questionable is
there hate hate I always hated I always
hated the end of the banana
you know like with a little I get what
is that like the belly button of the
banana Oh gross
penis take your melted butter and put it
in with the button uh now's got to mash
it up now that's the fun part a wooden
spoon and mash that baby up oh this
isn't gonna work very well I gotta put
you guys down once you got the penis
bananas all mashed up you guys can add
the rest of the ingredients but one
beaten egg you know actually I want to
ask you guys this it's like it's not
vegetarian now or at least I'm trying to
is eating an egg considered the like
breaking the vegetarian like rule or is
it like not because some people say you
know because an egg is actually an
unfertilized egg right so it's
essentially excuse my bluntness it's
basically the chickens period chicken
period so I want to know is eating an
egg breaking the vegetarian or vegan
rule or is that uh like acceptable at
any rate one egg beaten oops
totally missed a couple steps onto the
flour you guys might want to follow the
instructions on
on our website because I got distracted
by vaginas he's trying to make a talk
she's just squeezing arm fixed it I had
to take Fred away from Zoey she's just
been sitting there staring at it oh
that's the other thing
Zoey is such a friendly dog like when
our neighbors have their door open you
know they walk out next he knows Zoey's
inside their apartment she just wants to
say hi to everyone she'll come out when
she's done saying hi to everyone we got
about eight minutes left let's see this
oh that's looking delicious mmm you
smell it this one can yeah look ooh yeah
is it good though he's Charles Charles
champion with Marley's army and his
fiancee Ali you can watch this channel
we need a decision from the internet
television
