rain rain go away go ain't come back
another what I don't know what is it Zoe
rain rain go away come again another day
if it I don't remember the rest but it's
really crappy it's like the first time
it's raining in Tallahassee it's
supposed to like rain like every single
day in April and this is first time in
rain so I guess we're considered lucky I
don't know though some people hate the
rain I love the rain it's very relaxing
especially with uploading this video I'm
having a couple errors yesterday's video
dog squirrel chase and dog squirrel
chasing the squirrel chasing the
squirrel I hope you guys liked it most
of all I hope you guys smiled at least
when he saw it because it was really fun
to shoot and every time I edit and watch
it again I smiled I mean it's funny like
a dollar get a squirrel suit a snow
squirrel it's very simple they have to
get Big Ups to Billy Reed from a very
tasteful I hope you guys went and
checked him out for writing the song he
was so quick about it so catchy it's so
perfect man if you want to make a friend
smile send it to your friends because I
guarantee your heart you're black
heartless goblin troll if you don't like
it it guess what it's totally not
raining anymore
psych this is psych anymore oh yeah
that's awesome so I totally got to tell
you guys this I was looking at our
Facebook page oh by the way if you're
not on our Facebook it's down there in
the sub bar you can click it up it's
totally free anyway somebody posted a
pitch or two pictures if you know like
when you're in high school or elementary
school or middle school or whatever and
you you get loan books you don't buy
books like in college and then you write
your name and the year you were there I
guess they got my books from middle
school because they took posted to two
photos of two books with my name from 98
or 97 or something like that
so if you want to go check those out
there on our Facebook group I thought it
was really funny
that's kind of wild to be I don't know
hi look my car's wagging its tail I
don't know what that is I get this ping
what a pointless thing I'm not sure if
Valley actually told you but this week
is her look at it's her exam week so
she's really stressed out so I got her
favorite flowers stargazer lilies and
see if that'll cheer up a little
stronger I am oh yeah it's all that it's
all that p90 25
when I was little my dad used to always
have a pair of drumsticks either the
glove compartment are down there or
either seat and what he would do so he
didn't know my dad was a drummer oh he
still is a drummer he was the drummer
for Gregg Allman for like ten years
but he would always practice it's like I
have a stoplight right here you can't
see his white right there oh okay there
it is and he would always play on his
dash at his steering wheel and it was
always funny cuz he would have a nice
car but his - what have we beaten out
from drum sticks so what I did I took up
the more practical approach and I just
do air drumming sound it's cool but at
least I don't have stuff all over my
dash
it's like a mountain lion okay because
you guys asked for it you guys are
always asking what like songs Ali and I
are listening to and our favorite bands
and our favorite type clothes and simple
things like that since we can't answer
like every single email we thought it'd
be really funny to make a section on the
website called the stache like the
mustache it's gonna be called the stache
one of you guys actually named it what's
gonna happen is if you have the iPhone
iPad or iPod Touch can get our app the
you know CTFxC internet killed
television app if not sound there and a
little side bar sub bar what's this side
bar you'll be able to access the stache
straight from your iPhone or whatever
otherwise you'll be able to go to the
website and access it too but but we're
gonna put like random things that you
guys want to do video recommendations
our song at the moment the video of the
moment anything you guys think would be
fun to put there let that let us know in
the comments and we will we just thought
naming something the stache was uh was
epic so we had to do it do you guys have
any ideas for the stache don't work it's
not a porn stache this is one of those
days where you can't really do anything
oh wait today's 4/20 that is like the
weirdest holiday I don't even know what
it means like I know that's when all the
stoners get like hi and all that crazy
stuff but like what where did it come
from like what what is 4/20 mean I know
it's April 20th but what's the
significance of 4/20
I don't know happy 4/20 I guess if you
celebrate 4/20 I don't discriminate it's
a holiday for some I guess holy crap you
guys I've reached 300,000 subscribers on
my Charles Trippy account that is
unbelievable you guys are so amazing I
think I know we got you flowers so you
calm down make sure she doesn't eat them
no check it out mark little botanist
okay the reason why we made that video
let me explain this video it makes me
smile that's why I made that video
because it makes me smile every time I
watch it cause it's just so darned
irresistible that's the reason why you
got to make videos guys all you youtuber
of entrepreneurs you have to make things
that make you laugh and smile don't
CTFxC s4 haters we have them everyone
has to haters gotta learn to ignore them
because they're watching the video
anyway and chances are they're gonna
come back and watch it again
so any of you new youtubers who get you
know discouraged when you read negative
comments just ignore them
just ignore them you know why you got
their attention that means you've
succeeded and you should keep making
videos
no let's just say five who gets more hey
hey hey hey hey hey hey don't turn turn
turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn
turn turn turn turn turn
the dead ur dead ur dead ur dead ur dead
oh my okay we're done
he's Charles Charles Trippy with Marley
so me and his fiancee ality you can
watch it on this channel we need a
decision from the internet
