okay so I'm shopping at Target and guess
where I got distracted I was younger
going to Toys R Us was like a staple we
went every Sunday and we could pick out
one thing that we wanted okay but
seriously the toys for kids now are
crazy like aqua sand and bendable
building sticks the only thing I had
that resembled that remotely when I was
a kid would pick up sticks and you
couldn't do anything with those except
throw them and try to pick them up
without moving them have we already
talked about that I feel like we've
already talked about that but I want to
talk about that again actually I have
nothing to say about that never much
good morning everyone so I'm finishing
up the editing for both the haunted
video yesterday well yeah you saw it
yesterday and today on the Charles
Trippy channel is the new skit called
squirrel dog chasing squirrels our dog
squirrel chase is closed something like
that so on YouTube that cop says Charles
for you
the reason why I'm turning this on right
the second with all my bedhead and my
lack of sleep is the new iPhone seems to
have been lost in a bar in California
and I guess Gizmodo it's been showing
off pictures and all this crazy stuff
and my question to you if you don't know
go to Gizmodo
I'm sure it's all over the website it's
getting hammered right now but do you
guys think this is the real deal or do
you think this is just another fake you
know a little fake out or whatever I
don't know I can't I can't make make up
a decision if it's real or fake yet and
then my next question is do you guys
like this design I think there's a
comparison somewhere around here I mean
like it's definitely a lot different
than new iPhone I can't tell but the
best thing if this is real if this is
true we have a front-facing camera which
means you might be able to do video
conferencing on your phone which is
awesome how stoked are you guys right
now so here's a comparison here's the
old iPhone and here's the new one I gets
the new one slot it's flatter it's not
contoured anymore apparently Apple's
reportedly lost a prototype and I guess
Gizmodo found one I guess we're gonna
have to wait till June okay let's play
factor crap right now
Charles's hairs brown
a really bad one I have a good one
factor crap a needle will float on the
surface of water let's see if I can do
something weird here look at all them
years look how weird that they like make
me different sizes oh my god this is my
other favorite thing to get distracted
by funny greeting cards looks like a
good place to start
a birthday aging quiz what color is her
post oh my god you know what this is
like this is like that new South Park
episode when they showed the picture of
the lady and I like what color was her
handkerchief I don't even want to open
that baby turns way cuter God quit
running into stars they're gonna kick
you out so weird why are you even
listening to me I used to model the big
cat I think she's falling asleep
yeah I think so
I think it does you're an ass it turns
off everyone so loud
yeah jump it's like four feet don't dive
come on Evan oh come on
he's got jump in her that's awful word
so we didn't get all the clips that we
either's for Marley's little video so
she's in their little what's gonna be
famous
squirrel costume tomorrow actually
technically we'll be world famous
because people all over the world do see
it Marley tell them go see your video
you have two tails when all else fails
for white balance find a white dog hey
hey bada-bing I'm a dog over here Thank
You Marley
I'm just trying to be a squirrel over
here okay so I'm trying to see the
Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus but I'm
kind of running late Oh
so we'll see Oh God Oh Marley kept
hearing Ally
because we're I'm importing the footage
Swedish shine y'all excited Ali's been
addicted to weeds and look what you
discovered I want to switch it over to a
better camera okay now watch the willow
tree right here watch this tree watch
the cars very subtle alright shown the
other tree am i moving think about
editing at moving tree it's pretty much
impossible although mr. guitar man
probably can do it you dogs got your
seatbelt on yep safety first safety
first and teamwork
two and a half cool points for those who
can answer this question three actually
it's just one question what movie is
that from I like asking you guys these
questions these trivia questions busy
not only does it make you go out and
check these awesome awesome movies out
totally my opinion I know but it kind of
lets me see which of you guys are on the
same level as me meaning see the same
types of music and same types of movies
it's kind of cool to like kind of see
that when you're like oh that's strung
out oh that's that's good riddance oh
that's ghostbusters - it's awesome
he makes me so proud
come a long way you guys we get some
like let's get some light in this
because oh hi Zoe
let's get serious for a second we're
coming up on our one year one year May
first will be one year doing these
internet killed television vlogedy vlogs
whatever you whatever we call them
throughout the years here so I wanted to
get you guys's opinions on you know
whether or not we should continue for a
second second season or second year more
if we should just leave it at that I'm
really honestly interested so let us
know we're gonna read as many comments
as we possibly can and get a general
concise is on whether or not we should
do a part two of internet killed
television oh by the way if you know
you're sick of typing internet killed
television com
we just got internet killed tv.com so
now for you you lazy typers internet cal
tv.com it'll take you to the same site
see I'm always looking out for you the
dudes browsing myspace both both okay
sorry
I was totally blown away bit luck Wow
that was nothing best totally blown away
I was totally blown away by the
Imaginarium of Doctor Who did not
appreciate the movie I thought it was
horrible actually the good story really
good visuals and I thought that it was
interesting and I kind of am curious as
to how the story changed after the
tragic event of Heath Ledger passing
away I wonder if they had to rewrite and
change all that or if it was already
kind of that way and they just kind of
worked it in or what because I feel like
it was definitely interesting what they
did with his character that was a really
good movie I am totally rambling now so
yeah let me know what you thought of it
because I thought it was good okay so I
keep reading your guys's feeds on my
blippi account
you guys are so critical about what I
watch it's so funny like Charles you
spend $40 at Publix and you read stupid
movies like gentlemen Broncos yeah if
you haven't already added me and signed
up for blippi go to blippi comm slash
Charles Trippy and add me and then I'll
try to find you and I'll add you back
but it's it's it's pretty funny it's
pretty it's pretty unique I've been
having a lot of fun over on that site so
make sure to go over there and get a
good screen name before all the screen
names are pretty much gone go check that
out this is like the hardest part of the
entire video doing the wall speak like I
was telling you guys in the other video
I'm really bad at doing the lolcat speak
for Marley so Holly has to write like a
whole like script and then I put it in
there but anyway the great news is that
Marley's new video she's over there
sleeping over there her new video is
it's up youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
I really like you guys go check this out
I really honestly think our good friend
Billy Billy Reed from youtube.com slash
very tasteful actually wrote the song
and I actually think he could surpass
the platypus song I know it's it's a
it's a tough feat but I really honestly
think this video in this song could
surpass the platypus song so go check it
out you guys it's gonna be right after
this little
send it to all your friends favourite it
thumbs up and get the word out because I
really really really think this video is
hilarious and happy 4/20 bye he's
Charles Charles Trippy with Marley
Surrey and his fiancee Allie you can
watch this channel we need a decision
from the Internet
