Camacho's longboarding down the screen
we have to be on the high alert
I am expert attention to what's going on
there are definitely people behind this
he's really nervous he's like my dad's
up there okay so we're currently on our
way to mysterious place that John
discovered the thing that he mentioned
first and foremost was to bring a
flashlight as you can see it is pretty
light out I'm scared so we're gonna see
what happens yeah so it's like that time
back in back last summer when we were
exploring and we found that thing that
we weren't supposed to talk about which
was absolutely nothing we were just
playing inspect these bones they was
like a fever no look at this this is an
old abandoned house we think it's from
like a like an old plantation house oh
so creepy oh man we're probably gonna
find something on this trip this might
be for real like ghost hunters oh yeah
yeah cuz there's
the bathroom there's a big giant penis
oh man as smell it smells terrible
shhh it's so funny look at the camera it
fogs see that yeah it's the camera
fogging it again I can't not I'm going
in first all right coming in oh this is
that's kind of creepy huh what is going
on oh sorry you got it oh yeah we can
use the phones like that oh god it
stinks in here
holy shit this is so awesome look at the
fireplace oh my god okay so I have to
stay out here to babysit these guys
because can't bring a man I love hoping
you guys can be able to see this stuff
because it's it's creepy and they're way
in there now so we're gonna cut out his
footage and I'm standing guard creepy
old house
yeah this is I'm sorry this is the
bathroom
looks pretty ridiculous all right here
can you hold that one that's your like
cuz I get thing look at the woodwork on
this yeah there's like three fireplaces
in this place it's ridiculous to show
the fireplace real quick here fireplace
oh we have cabinets old cabinets I feel
like this is like a like a horror movie
I'm gonna be the first one to go oh oh
shit yeah let's check let's go that way
now I think I wanted this place is huge
there's an entire brick floor it is just
like straight brick you know no this is
the I think this is like the patio
balcony area see because it's all
windows yeah sunroom okay
guys watch dude make sure you step up
when you step look at that glass such a
step here oh my gosh Dre scared me you
look scary wrap dead bodies in oh I'm
gonna probably say we should leave now
look at this yeah I don't care about the
dirt anymore I rather go upstairs it
looks like a body finish exploring
downstairs before we go upstairs because
I don't want anything to be below me and
interesting oh my god this place is huge
oh yeah there's some light country oh
that is creepy
a little creepy I'm not gonna lie it's
amazing the tile in here is just
incredibly yeah I think I mean it was
like it was a mansion so are you scared
okay
are you scared oh god ray fuck the poet
I was like cut them that was like Conan
O'Brien doesn't it you creepy old man
that's weird there's an old man coming
in there okay he's leaving I thought you
liked this was my house
army physical fitness program look at
this look at this staircase this thing
is not a big fan of the the decorations
on the wall really it's kind of energy
let me show I just want to show you like
the detail here there's like five kind
of three so far this is pH H yeah let me
let me look in here oh is this the room
that got connected yeah this reminds me
a little scary there's some shit just
look at that oh I know why there are
bags everywhere it's too big
that's the bar yeah that has to be the
bar we'd have to find the bar that's
that's a bathroom now that's the kitchen
that's the kitchen with a face
I want you to see this now this stuff is
really weird look at that just like two
or three guest house or something like
that you all reminds me of it reminds me
of that movie where the house is alive
and it eats you and then that's the
whale where everybody comes out of us
remember that movie that is I can't
remember a movie that is the scariest
part is that there's like no like no
trespassing signs anywhere like there's
no signs that say you can't go in there
what happened hey guys I think we should
really explore down this hallway I want
to find the bar so the ghosts made you
explode your spray cans like Twilight
oh my god it's smells so bad dude this
place you got to go inside yeah that's
why I was abandoned I mean it's gotta be
relatively modern house cuz look there's
electricity like lights everywhere oh
wow look at this right there boo ha ha a
little guest house Dre Dre Dre no you
can't go in there
that's like dangerous bodies could be
under there take video oh there's a big
nest yeah wait show the house bathroom
in there I feel like I could probably
walk dude this is cool though there's
like lots of old furniture here now the
floor feels solid what is this this is a
heater what looks like holy oil burning
stove
that is amazing dude this is super old
oh yeah like I'm trying to see if there
any books or papers on the floors it
might like explain these are all Meyers
new steel and metals may have wire steel
1919 yeah so we know it's got to be
somewhere in that's awesome and pecans
which is what the field is back there
it's rhymey this chili
Ruben's will be awarded for exquisite
services oh that's so cute goals make
money fix floor demonstrate what you
found demonstrate what I found this is
is this not creepy good thing is there's
not a mirror though so like when you
close it it can't be like somebody
standing and look at this thing though
look at this how it's like I wish you
guys can see it like from my eyes really
yeah don't reach in there like snakes I
think it's like a run wires right
every warehouse the other shop must
assume that's a fiberglass top I'm not
good to breathe it in talk to this guy
who lives around here he said this house
right here was the one that we found all
the papers that woman was built in the
1900s like 1900 even 1900 even and then
they built this one in the 50s and they
don't know why it's abandoned so that's
a little creepy you also mentioned that
there's a basement in that thing yeah I
say we come back to we don't have a
flashlight you can't do something let me
understand how this works he's the
caretaker right go in there then he's
gonna call the guys with big muscles
they're gonna lock the doors behind you
gotta take me out cuz I'm the one on the
outside yeah they're gonna transplant
our organs that the basement Wow oh it
smells so bad
double down this thing is awesome like
my buddies out of control you ready hey
Chico stick
that's a pretty that's like 90 degrees
right there I'm not that good of a
skater
circling the drain dude
Eddie that's a Chico stick that's down
let's see for dog
I feel like such a punk right now
strike tricks you're not a skating type
mine you'd rather just stay with Daddy
I'm taking the camera down this one okay
and if I fall it's gonna be really funny
Oh inches with the board man are you
surveying the activity of the skate park
she's so good she's like the official
okay mush mush Zowie mush mush
I got a little snow dogs over here come
on little husky keep going Zowie
oh you see it's tough to wait but make
sure to check out the spooky photos at a
doughnut kill tv.com links in the sub
are he's Charles Charles Trippy with
Marley Sumi and his fiancee Allie
decision from the Internet
