look at Zoe this is what happens when we
get ready she's like looks at us it's
like I go with you can I go with you
what do you want Marley i will give you
15 bones if you can keep your head
straight without cocking it to the side
why are you already lost users can I
keep your head straight can you you just
like tilt like hey I'm Marley KO Marley
you guys here's a little mini remote
control cars it's not like dirt bikes we
medial fix mine it's still in the car we
gotta go take that to it baby should do
that today but since is so fast
this gas-powered I think oh you can
smell is definitely gas you can smell it
is
oh why pal
geez guys mean business they have like
trailers for those little cars and
trucks it seems like you have to have a
truck and a trailer to be able to drive
one of those things now so we can to
everyone I got a question for you
internets can dogs get poison ivy
because that's all poison ivy I don't
think dogs can get it I mean she would
have had it by now she's leaping you
know what that is that's Patrol hole no
it's a the trees but yes haycorns see
more poison ivy good job what do you see
why is just one concentrated spot
they're gonna do a race come on you
better run Miley where you going and
she's gone are you the victor barley I
see you booty run let me see a running
booty oh that's so sexy look at that
sexy running booty oh geez I own took a
while Wow name that bug getting it on
it's not gonna see you well it's not to
be the senior year that's like that
that's like that thing you don't freak
out when it's on you you just be still
oh you guys hear that you probably heard
it's pretty loud it's always like where
to go everything is what do you smell it
selling snake skin what kind of snake is
it oh no it could be just a king snakes
just like a black snake or it could be
rattlesnake I don't know though you're
finding everything do they don't know
how to identify
I think it's a late point put it to
Zoe's face careful Marley dog's fault
entirely doesn't like it either I think
picking out I know it's dangerous
probably thinking like smelling like
that kills me oh wow okay there's even
wow we go huh did you know one brow
wrinkle is the result of 200,000 frowns
did you know oh na year the average
person walks for miles making their bed
that's weird too what if you don't make
you again Oh life jackets used to be
filled with sunflower seeds for
flotation elephants are the only mammal
that cannot jump I didn't know that each
year the average American eats about 15
pounds of apples eleven percent of the
people in the world are left-handed cats
have over a hundred vocal cords this is
cool what yeah what the fact all right
let's see what she does hey what's up oh
my gosh oh oh Santa my guys you're not
guys still going rise hey ya know here
we call Vlad cheek for that way look
it's ray Zoe's over there kid
daily don't look so hold still hold
still one guys look look at me sick
about this oh nasty nasty sandy face
just like a picture when you exercise
awesome
get him our dig dig dig this is too
funny her body is so funny she's like
getting lower and lower Marley she's
like shit how is it getting there before
i get there just keeps getting deeper
Joey thank you that's wrong with our dog
Marley something Zoe get it my humper
pumper it's the funniest thing is that
she humps her head wait oh my god you're
Barry Zoe she's like the epitome of an
asshole my god she's still get trying to
get it Gonzalez Oh My look at his whole
she's digging it's so deep
get an aerial shot of this cuz look up
cheese tray is getting some sand kicked
on him over there you done you done hey
that isn't gentlemen of the audience no
animals were harmed in the making of
production of this video no way shape or
form drag her this dog has elastic in
yeah oh hey look at this dog skin that
doesn't even hurt him he's not even
making noise go get him dressed come on
dogs like Harry did but oh yeah but it's
just so funny cuz he doesn't I mean like
it doesn't hurt him at all oh good we do
Jimmy good boy Oh get a dress he's such
a happy dog so yeah please before you
get mad and say don't do your dog like
that he's fine oh you so tired you can't
even like hold about yeah he's been
running around good boy okay are you too
tired to even do anything he's like all
right is that I'm done take me out of
the ring please a little bit
the best cartoon ever here's the
funniest thing pepper was a cow like a
heifer was a cowboy cow what had others
there's a male cow yeah oh no he swings
us kitchen like I do see James around
okay Charles write that down Charles
lines up for the pod oh those guys dude
I know it's so good I want to get them
to go get it go get it sorry who you
tomorrow go get it go get him early oh
he's Charles Charles trippin with
Marlene Rihanna's fiance alley you can
watch me on this channel ready a
decision for the internet
