hey good morning guys I've been up
pretty I don't know when I woke up but
I'm basically we're doing the website
and I'm gonna get that back going
basically I'm just redoing the whole
website and it's gonna be pretty awesome
pretty stoked on it oh I just found out
that the hoodies are gonna be here and
okay get this they're coming in over
thirty three boxes and the weight that's
being shipped to our apartment is 960
pounds of hoodies that could crush
somebody easily I guess we're not gonna
make a fort this time climbing on the
couch though and Ally's babysitting some
peas sitting in this show is insane
I don't know why you watching it what do
you got dude Donald boobs are you
embarrassed we just do an ollie let me
see your best chick oh yeah we should
make a skating gang Wyatt what are you
messed up haha now he's got this kid
concentrate and I saw I saw the one
where you land backwards yeah okay I
don't know that's pretty sick what you
got what you got boy who we got here
show me your best trick
why do it what I'll not pay attention oh
wait come on Joe if I roll the board in
front you can you clear you got some
tough critics over here man that is that
is that what the future generation
called skateboarders Wood pushers it's
gonna be a race oh why not join
it looks at me like the wood pushers
took the victory on that one challenge
because the scooters claimed to have the
advantage okay
they were going for the one foot wave to
see if they can okay all right
ah do the flippy thing whatever he just
did
folks what pushy look again oh I don't
know you get some competition there now
we're going to the last challenge the
final woman all right come on Ally just
jump it
don't let me show you up
we got the wood pushes that one and what
is your name this is where the challenge
is gonna happen right here this is where
the race is gonna end you ready I think
the hard landing so I don't think the
hydrators have it in this do can never
do for the awesome ones you're so bad
you can't even leave home in your
husband you're talking about oldest
Sheila how old am I we go we got cocked
coming down
can you give me the summary what's up
there is the kids are winning frankly
whooping ass right now oh you like that
and then you get the balance and then
you like that it's hard is you're on an
angle Charles Trippy skate punk Oh
Charles Trippy skate core
please don't kiss oh okay love you
you know it's coming no you get a high
five yeah I'm in high five it's so close
baby a little bit yeah
all right yeah go for Tantra
now with it that was it post enough
between the wood pushers it's all right
we got moral support don't make fun of
me Internet this is the first time I was
like skateboarding in like seven years
so well I don't skateboard so that's all
good this guy he's the worst person you
know no fairness I gotta bail to is
Anthony's time right trial I don't think
you want to know what is it 14 five a
tenth of a point you lost by two points
that sucks
heads up heads up
sure
you have four seconds you got 14 9 huh
so I'm pretty sure that those are the
type of kids that are my haters on
YouTube I'm pretty sure yeah see see
these are so I finally found you haters
I found you guys
today in class in my religion class I
was talking to my friend Rebecca and
we're talking about internet memes and
goofy stuff and I have Bibles and all
this crazy really just expensive you
they have iPhone apps oh yeah she tells
me they are making a lolcat Bible I
looked it up online if you google
Walcott Bible and go to the site it says
like like this behold that which the
sealing cat has bestowed seriously and
it has like all this like like seriously
like see the language and it's the Bible
I think that's like the better the best
internet meme mine whatever does it mean
more mine's meme what is the origin of
meme meme I think it's I mean it's the
same thing as saying like my god
but where do they come from like I
understand like there's does anyone know
where that meme came from like because
it's there's always an origin I don't
think like pone like they did the P just
because they always accidentally did the
oh yeah I don't know if a meme as an
origin like that I feel like it might be
like a word like tidbit like something
that just caught this just an invented
word that's like a piece
so we are currently at gordas the best
place in Tallahassee de and guess who's
the mayor I'm the mayor
I'm the mayor and I own this place on my
my town I was in my space
look at that prime real estate was worth
51 million my entire town 368 million
and that's the base where I do I have to
put the camera away they don't want to
come close to us anymore look at that
they pull all the way back there oh okay
first off you guys I have to see you
yeah I have to say you're amazing look
at that you guys are spread in this
video all over one hundred and fifteen
hundred eleven okay I wanted to show you
this right here Charlie puth it is our
theme song
if you want to see Charlie puth response
the platypus song odds down here it's
coming he's Charles Charles champion
with Marley's army and his fiancee Ally
you can watch this channel we need a
decision from the internet television
