zowie being a jerk just thought I'd show
you you're such an ass sorry guys I kind
of forgot my camera at the house so I'm
using my iPhone right now yes look how
fat Zoey is for meeting all Dre's food
yesterday you see that
so now Zoey has to run at least three
miles more and then for the next week to
lose that look at that jeez Zoe you
ballooned up I know you guys don't want
to hear this but she's already pooped
like five times and it's only two
o'clock in the afternoon
PS you like we're sexy bedhead awesome
so while walking I was looking on the
interwebs because he can do that
nowadays you can do that on your phone
did you know that that's crazy and I saw
an ad for KFC's DoubleDown which looks
pretty gross so I was like you know what
let's try that today so we're gonna go
check out KFC's double down I know what
it is prepare to be grossed out got the
camera because this is amazing okay so
yesterday it was 952 and today is
drumroll 927 see that's not too bad cuz
sitting what like four days ago it was
like almost 13 minutes of myself seems
like I'm not sure stuff like that is
that a goose egg that's a goose egg
really why is it in there
watch the alligator
well that's it it's not a golden egg
though the goose who laid the golden egg
I don't think we can hatch it they're
probably already like I'm sure that's
like no you better watch it you don't
get a slug that's like a leech I mean oh
no watch is the slug
what are you rolling and stuff again
little land bridge has receded a lot
more hey there's somebody over there
this is where Marley ran last time you
want to do it again I am just gonna walk
around with it Swan poop goose poop
that's better
wait it's both bad can anyone name what
product was net bottle I think it was a
squeeze it what do you think it looks
like a plastic squeeze it bottle is that
a nest other more eggs in it well I
don't know what to do then I don't think
you're a baby it was in the water I
think it's pretty much frozen and dead
that's cool it's another little mess
alright girls we got to stay away from
it so the goose comes back gross threat
no golden egg in here either ask the
internet what you should do you can come
back for it
put in your boot she's gonna take it
home delicious Missi sit she's like can
I have it now
what are you doing so you wanna smell it
she's gonna break it with her face she's
doing trying to get a thing off her head
okay so you guys saw that the egg was in
the water we haven't found a nest
anywhere around what should we do should
we try to like put it under a lamp and
in blankets or do you think it's even
alive I don't even know are you sitting
on it now any geese experts out there
any gaggle of geese experts they came
back over there you can see him that's
when you were a kid cuz I used to wear
my jackets like this because I thought I
know cool people wear capes though baby
I used to do this with all my friends
and I also used to do this I have two
shirts on so it's okay I used to do this
thing with my t-shirts oh yeah you know
what I mean it doesn't work with this
but if you do it with a t-shirt it makes
like a little bra the shirt alright so
you guys have to hear this tell me what
you just told me about that tag game you
were just talking about thank you the
tag games yeah tell them the premise
first premise is that you have like a
group of boys and a group of girls and
one group chases the other group and
when they catch them they kiss them in
that surgery so like it's borderline
rape anybody who's ever play kissing she
told me that I'm just like I don't mean
that me and my friends are not the only
people who played kissy tag it's just
like a cute little innocent I think you
know what it was I think it was like the
boys like you running you go God you
yeah but that was like equivalent to
making out when you're like three or
five
it is okay no see this is the thing is
probably some kid some boy invented this
game just to get all the girls to chase
him and kiss him so we're going to what
we're gonna go find the KFC Double
breast sandwich the double D sandwich
that's what we're gonna call it isn't
that what it's called what is it called
it's called the double downer but
they're chicken breast so shouldn't it
be the double D oh my god this is a
double D breasts sandwich and of course
I can't eat this in some vegetarian now
we're gonna make Ali try it so it's
gonna be delicious
well you can take the bacon off any of
you guys actually eaten this thing for
those that are out of the country and
have no idea basically prepare to
confirm every stereotype about food
about American American food about five
seconds yeah no they haven't
there's the cooks so that's what we're
here for the double down I thought was
gonna be like ten dollars that's five
bucks that's not bad probably yeah okay
there's a photo of it just wait until we
see in real life though
all those poor little birds
cries you know poor little birdies
it looks pretty scary
so you're preparing how are you gonna
prepare for this I like other things
yeah it's a pretty bad idea
with the pepto-bismol and and and then
so let's analyze this thing we got fried
chicken breast okay when you lift it up
fried chicken breast then you open it up
jeez strips of bacon cheese sauce all
you guys yeah you don't have to eat the
bacon I'll see you guys in other
countries yep it's true good as much as
I hate KFC like that those are
unbeatable and the biscuits are pretty
good now I don't think you're gonna be
able to eat anything after eating this
thing you're brave ma'am how's it taste
right now I'm gonna put the nutritional
facts right here on the screen
look at that nutritional facts
look how much fat is and calories and
all that stuff on this video probably
kill me yeah you cuz you're still tiny
that fact that you're gonna eat the
whole thing
we need to put that and slather on there
my question to you guys for those who
actually dared to eat this this
monstrosity of a sandwich did you like
it did you like it and then for those
who have not tried this does this verse
is this further perpetuate the
stereotype of American fast food because
that is pretty crazy why they're like
remember those KFC but then they dropped
it to Kentucky grilled chicken remember
like why did they not Kentucky grilled
chicken yeah so why don't they put
grilled chicken breasts instead of fried
ones that's true why do they do that why
did they drop it to this lake kids do
like that I think we should go and the
other question I wanted to ask you
because it wasn't like didn't Burger
King or Wendy's have some sort of like
or like sonic have some sort of like
crazy sandwich that was like eight eight
patties or something like that you know
I'm talking about I don't know what it
was called up on behalf of America on
behalf of America what we don't all
enjoy these things you can pie see that
you don't want to do the milk challenge
where everything like yeah this is
awesome and then all of a sudden you see
the downhill yeah we're that sound bad
alright okay you price to stop but my
lips feel like forever Mike
three see you can't even touch anything
Lucy fingers oh no no that loves teal I
see oh wow
it's like The Simpsons you guys remember
that episode of The Simpsons with dr.
Nick you don't rub it out you see if the
hell fatty stuff it is by rubbing it on
the wall and then the bird goes and hits
it
great great citizens reference in the
comments you guys give it up for Ally
then give it a Frehley value well until
we find another sandwich I play in his
work yeah we're done what happened you
liked it end in or something
I gotta get out of here
let's go all right you ready for this
you ready for the nutritional
information okay I was wrong apparently
they have a grilled version but that
version that you took a few bites out of
has 540 calories okay
32 grams of fat and 53 grams of protein
so you can go lift like a bunch of
weights now 32 grams of fat wait how
much this is the Big Mac has oh right
the braid up there isn't it no it's not
that much whoo that is definitely not a
healthy meal oh look at the grease that
is crazy
you'd be watching your hands like monk
you know what I've never been to a fast
food restaurant that gives you like hand
sanitizer alcohol I'm sorry for all you
vegan vegetarian people out there I know
you're probably cringing I finally get a
chance to play ghostbusters
looks good so far who are you gonna call
ghostbusters wait that's the coolest
part right there dan Aykroyd and Hauser
name is Rohit my favorite character is
like pretty much all time the Stay Puft
Marshmallow Man bars like wait we have a
gusta here Jeff Goldblum he's Charles
Charles champion with Marley Zoe and his
fiancee Allie you can watch this channel
decision
