we got break guys a little too hot today
it is way too hard to be running right
now on the seat wait that's what she
said now there we go look out Marley
runs compared to Zoey Marley likes cute
look what alaga it's called almond milk
I have a weight heard of it we should
have done the milk challenge with this
just imagine chugging I well then I'll
make it into a gallon so 32 ounces how
much is it how many how many gallons
ounces are in a gallon hold on I gotta
figure that out this is probably not a
good idea to try after jogging all right
we're gonna go see if we can beat my
mile now what was it like 10 something
we can do it we can do it okay so this
was a record on the twelfth all right
1033 we see if we beat it moment of
truth BAM we beat it why point dancing
cuz he's happy whoa I got a long way
together whoa edit down oh my now to top
it off with a fresh raspberry strawberry
and peach smoothie mmm good lunch now
I'm ready to start today victoria secret
really wants me to buy some underwear or
something I don't know they send me like
five of these a week boobs boobs boobs
Bobby's real mature Charles real mature
more boobies I don't know what it is but
ever since I started exercising like
doing the four mile runs and stuff I
thought I've been like you know like we
get all tweaked out with coffee and like
the energy drinks and stuff like that
that's what I've been like just running
it's crazy exercise makes you energetic
now down to brass tacks are any of the
other CTFxC is actually doing this uh
this little this little challenge with
me or did you guys give up better not
give up give are uppers let's go let's
go you know what pause this video pause
this video don't be here then I just
spin it all over the place pause this
video ok do it pause this video then run
run just go run a mile they can come
back and hit on
and I'll be here I'll be here already
see now for those who are actually you
know pause the video and ran do you feel
better don't you feel great for those
who didn't don't you feel guilty feel
guilty don't you pour shame yeah and got
you a new what I you ripped it already
jerk are you ready ok ok she's a novel
flight he read easily macro flight Ali
ready catch you guys have no idea how
much restraint is going on right here if
you have no idea she she gets out she
goes to sit at the bar and grabs a spoon
and the cake and puts it down I
legitimately thought she was gonna eat
it it looks delicious focus yo oh by the
way you guys everyone keeps asking about
here see if I can do this right hold on
ok ready Zoe there we go sorry you guys
were asking about the Marley squirrel
video I decided we're still waiting on
it and working on it the perfected but
it will be on the youtube com son
Charles Trippy can anyone guess what day
does say we're a sip and last name
really weird you'd think after 25 years
I would say my name right it will be on
youtube.com / Charles for a fee April
twentieth so it'll be next Tuesday for
24 all you for all you naughty naughty
kids the part that requires maximum
concentration you don't really how badly
do you want to hit it right now do you
hide it yeah ready don't shut all I
wants for other people oh ok if it
weren't for us I wouldn't care all right
get away look
but we were walking around and we found
this little park that has all these
little like like dogs I don't think I
can do it whoo he's got a seesaw and
then it's got those little likes where
everything so we're gonna see if Marlene
Zoey can do just like say that jump go
away jump it was trial of our first jump
jump good job Marley
really okay we gotta keep track of the
dice you wanna try it she gets so scared
come on my mom bacon fine I'm gonna eat
it I really hope you didn't just put
that your mouth that's just I get the
worst part as a stale come on shall we I
mean dog what's this dog's name again
push your shopping jump good job that's
what you want you want to snack attack
come on girl Ali just made her sit but
she's sitting with a ball every breath
come on dolly hey teach I'd like swallow
my entire your thumb I'm gonna wipe that
on your back
the best game ever
later one he's lose 2-1 say hi to the
internet Piper yeah we got to show them
your tricks later look it's like Marley
do you not like Piper you have a little
dog complex right now Donkey Kong so
that's like the work first as bad as
having Wario
so what do you do so this is where we
did the milk challenge and kind of
vomited over in this area Piper I would
meet that over in this area this is
where I went that's what John Bradley
went over there and zoey decided to roll
in this vicinity so I'm going to throw
in the pool see what you got oh my gosh
look at this sushi oh yeah check out the
Hoover number one over to Piper's over
there pervert we've got 44 Hoover's too
many and too full size there's a mini
which is like scooted back what are you
doing they were drinking Cristal that's
Chris all right there for everyone who's
like it was like wait that wasn't a hot
tub party there was only one personnel
we have more people that's a hot car
pretty now hi that Dre now all the fun
comes down to a bath look at this pot is
just look did she just scowl at you guys
you're next those oh and guess who ate
all of Dre's Dre's and Piper's food huh
yeah Zoe just countered her diet by like
a laser she saw a reflection she doesn't
care anymore shit all Dre and Piper
screwed
so her diet is back negative 10 days
name that show okay name that show an
extra million cool points if you know
what show they created before that okay
one last thing you got to see this put
the towel on top of Marley hey Marley
we're gonna do Marley what do you do
only one Marley do you want naked eye
you look amused so do you I think you
both just gave me the same eyes yeah you
getting owe taxes are due tomorrow wait
it's the 15th when you're watching it
all your taxes in doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo sorry just wanted to scare
everyone good I again for the second
time he's Charles Charles trapping with
more leisurely and his fiance alley you
can watch my channel we're here in
decision from the internet
