smells like waffles it's like that
episode of 30 rock remember at the
beginning we're Tina Fey like smells
waffles and Alec Baldwin was like well
could be North American anthrax wall
behind 10 seconds
okay we're all good sure this white guy
listening to techno
and checking out his own pack I'm not
making fun of him I'm just pointing out
what he's doing
yes Shane flutter like the nicest people
their vlogs are always like super happy
and we spend some time we dedicate at
least a little bit of time every day to
make fun of someone we're bad people
whoo so now that we didn't die from
North American anthrax I'm gonna go pick
up my copy of splinter cell conviction
I've never played splinter saw that was
the only game that looked pretty cool so
hope it doesn't suck who else got it
won't play we should all play we should
have a big giant CTFxC match I don't
really want to go into the mall so I'm
just gonna teleport in there and come
out with the game ready one two see
isn't that magic whoo I'm a wish that's
right pre-ordered this but I also got
this skin I wanted it ever since i saw
was coming out and then i kept
forgetting to get it but the ghostbuster
game it's really cool cuz i got all the
guys that are in ghostbusters like dan
Aykroyd and Bill Murray everyone and
Harold Ramis actually helped write it
with dan Aykroyd so it's like the
Ghostbusters movie videogame type thing
I don't know so I had to get it was only
twenty bucks they also sent me this I
wanted to read this did you guys know
there's a dead rising two coming out and
not only that but I was looking and the
heifers crossed out but there was
there's supposed to be a portal to you
know half like portal two is supposed to
come out in October she's kind of
annoying because if you're a half-life
fan like I am I've been playing half
life since 98 so do the math that's 12
years of waiting for an answer who the
fuck is the g-man this is how I clean
the kitchen floor
well then I know there's a lot of
half-life fans out there because I asked
this before but I'm so annoyed because
half I mean I have life with valve seems
to be doing all these other things
except finishing half life like they do
portal they did left 4 dead one and two
and then these episodes but they haven't
done episode three in like four years
just want to know who the g-man is but
I'm curious like out of all these games
that are supposed to be coming out old
Tiger Woods 2011 mmm maybe this is the
one where the girl like south park with
a girl wife beats them oh I wanted to
know which games you guys are looking
forward to like I'm looking for dead
rising 2 cuz that game is awesome be
like zombies who doesn't like something
my legs feel like Jay eat alone Oh from
all the running I know that was random
but I just felt like telling you is this
really what it says if you're having it
well I'm having an air right now so none
of my friends are showing up but this is
really funny find cooler friends add the
dog park again by empty today actually
finally the weather is nice although the
pollen is horrendous and I never
realized I had allergies before but
apparently I about I'm using all those
little neti pot things a little things
that like you stick up your nose on the
water comes out the other side those are
attractive I mean let me tell ya find a
mate for life just do a neti pot and the
men will come running that is the
craziest husky I've ever seen it just
starts at the little pool and just runs
around in it
why is that allowed she made out of like
compostable materials so I guess it just
means the whole host of about okay so
Sam I'm so excited for the stair I made
some pasta with vodka sauce and I'm
making this bread can hear it sizzling
sucker a delicious pesto crusty warm
deliciousness thingy so now I'm gonna
take those and that and put it in my
better I'm sauce with this girl allie
has a girl crush I totally do you have a
girl crush Erica I'm through she's
adorable what's our URL uh it's uh chips
wow that's right that's very tag for you
tuning your girl crush her name's can
see my fiance has a girl crush so okay
she's so adorable and she plays the
ukulele it's like the cutest thing I've
ever seen girl crush also if you've been
wondering where Charles has been all day
he's been right here hey pie ah he's so
dedicated to you guys to see chef
vaccine everybody on the interwebs he's
been singing that very chair right there
for over twenty-four thousand hours you
know optimizing integrating opta grazing
everything to make it all awesome for
you guys yeah so yeah he's been working
very hard for you he love you long time
oh and now I've got to go read a paper
you've got to continue being a lazy dog
you've got to continue being daddy's
rock for the rest of the evening also I
think that's the second time I said
goodnight to you getting multiple good
nights also I I put that little fake
mustache on the headcrab so he's uh he's
rocking he's a pretty stylish mama he's
Charles Charles champion with Marley Zoe
and his fiance Ali you can watch me on
this channel we need a decision from the
internet
