come on slowpoke come on slowpoke date
number two is slowing us up dog having
to pee every five seconds that was my
friend Jack and giving a tour he doesn't
know I know it's her but I do know
Jackie so he's such a brat okay when I'm
running she gets way behind me right so
I'm like way ahead of her and then when
we walked she's like pulling me lazy
Marley's doing good though you gotta
lose that spare tire mark i got mail oh
i thought it was a cube it's just a
scion did anybody watch the stream use
last night cuz i only caught about 5
minutes of it Oh day to all right check
it out check it out this is my score I
will call me oh it's thought it was a
spider one mile BAM 1033 and what was
the other one uh 1215 so we beat it most
Awkward five minutes of my life I mean
I'm really really excited for Shane
Dawson and everybody who won and I think
the guys from Smosh presented something
which is really awesome presentations
and this fits in between words
bit awkward like if I were just go like
this problem okay ready here's my
awkward thing
what was that awkward was that awkward
for you that was awkward for me how
awkward was that how is awesome hey hey
Shh okay so I have a new favorite video
on youtube okay this is called the puh
puh puh puh puh platypus song you ready
for this ready
so much better when you see even shown
Josie singing her no yes yes no because
you ain't easy with you so I know but if
you keep watching it it becomes
impossible that is a purple purple
purple outdoors I like what he kicks
them up take my favorite video of all
time now okay but the holy modal
rounders have here to uh no okay if you
want to see this it's in the sub bar but
seriously that is my favorite video on
youtube at least for the next five
minutes that's a frat house it's delta x
delta what I don't remember what they're
doing but inside of there it's full of
palm fronds and they make like these
were me bunker type things crazy it's a
really big battle all the other ones
it's a big party that they do I want to
do that on our place why don't you guys
are losers you don't have one that's it
okay all the hubbub about these like
these cubes we're going to test drive
one and see if it's all amazing or if
it's a piece of crap if we can find a
dealer that actually has some there's
our nissan dealer around here yeah it's
a Nissan Cube isn't it after Google hi
car the death of the death of the birth
of a platypus oh my god it's gonna be in
my head for like at least the weight
down it was like video five minutes now
it's gonna be like video of the year Ian
from Smosh said he was gonna put in the
smosh pit too so there we go we got a
big kissing viral come on ray william
johnson get on this i love it so we're
on a coupon and we're going straight to
the belly of the beast nissan i think
that i hope i really hope this is
actually who makes it i'm not really
sure but we're gonna see if this thing
is all what it hypes up where is it you
guys see any you guys see me cube I see
one that it he's in places like new
glasses wait what are they over there
what are those just appeared there this
is poof being with not
go find one of these cubes mmm donuts
what's an apple fear that's not quite a
doughnut you've already eat mac found
him it looks so odd well actually that's
pretty good on my college you want the
black ones cooler looks really I guess
did you like seven foot tall it's pretty
good it looks like a toy car I don't
know why these things make me laugh so
much this is the cube ray the nissan
cube thank you yeah everything else
drives normal then right weird secret
things games over the top of times the
feeling it's rippled huh it's like
there's so much space in front of you
bad timing yeah it's so weird how's it
accelerate have a few um just like drive
it one time it's a little like not as
responses responsive as the other cars
that we tried this is accelerating on it
Oh camera that's such a good idea the
best part hey trying enough yeah it's
like a computer off so we just drove it
oh I drove it huh what's hilarious oh
yeah okay first off let me address this
the thing is drunk driving a
refrigerator box the sales manager came
out to meet us and we filmed the entire
interior and sales man sales guy was
like oh yeah they filmed everything he
goes oh what he gonna do put it on
YouTube and I was like well look at that
we have two hilariously annoying things
the pup of a pup of a platypus and the
cube oh one video the second that turns
green I'm gonna honk at Ali I had to do
it it's like a biggest pet peeves go
find the pup of a pop of a pop of a pop
of a platypus Zoe stopping the smell is
poison ivy huh taught you did you think
that sister where's Marley oh there she
is get a watcher cuz she's like becomes
like this like gorilla dog and just like
becomes one with nature every time so
we're doing good guys day two of the
super awesome get in shape spectacular
you like how changes every single time I
think we ran I made Zoe run sorry I
thought a wolf was behind me Zoe ran and
Marley ran a mile then I ran two miles
and now we're walking another mile and a
half all in one day that's pretty good
we got away you guys and see how much
you guys lose to
and he's going shortly cocoon himself
into a little chrysalis do you see this
this is amazing I've never seen a
caterpillar do this before this is crazy
cool are you guys doing day to you
sticking with it don't give up on me
guys don't give up because your puff up
I'm just kidding I won't do it platypus
is that like the trees butthole put some
pants on you ficus so hey you're
tackling mommy oh she's like seriously
she'd go Bergen was a Goldberg over him
the guy who used to be undefeated no God
the little ones up huh she's completely
smashed her head against the table
excuse me yeah i don't think i would
have send these hoodies out of this to
make a chair out of him that's sexy
Charles has just officially assaulted
all of your hoodies ha and Charles
inated bad he's Charles Charles trapping
with Marley Zoe and his fiance Ali you
can watch me on this channel we need a
decision for the internet
