so he watches this movie last night do
you ever see it just watch it
Independence Day it's much better so I
got out going to the ball yesterday much
yeah we're back here
see why people are disappointed with
escalators don't worry because
so convenient they can have a break they
can only become stairs so when they put
a sign they should say sorry for the
convenience escalator has become stairs
when I was little escalators just didn't
like really I just I don't know maybe
she was giving me like a stair she's
like why is he talking to a camera yeah
because we're crazy you should go get
that Fred t-shirt from Hot Topic is it
bad I just became mayor on Foursquare
had victorious it oh I could smell it
from over here wafting by the way
Victoria's Secret does not like when you
film in there makes sense dude with a
camera
no they just asked me to put what
there's a hair the hem of Thor well you
know what it is it's it's Donkey Kong
where you gets the hammer I'm totally
tripping balls man
do I look super awesome now see girls
sunglasses like they just look like ball
guys I mean just give this really this
doesn't look good on anybody especially
me
wow that's low price I'm gonna show you
guys how to make the best best condiment
ever guacamole and this is gonna be
Charles this holy guacamole recipe
pretty awesome I thought about myself
all by myself
nobody else told me how to come up with
that what you're gonna need you're gonna
need two avocados the Hass avocados
you're gonna need one red onion if you
want to use one red onion and then you
can get like one or two of the serrano
chiles the Chili Peppers and I think
that's that's it it's really easy
cut the avocado and then there's a giant
nut or seed pull it out like that
okay I found this at Target no wait
public so get this at Publix this is an
avocado scraper and you're gonna put it
in and just pulls it right out perfectly
so now we're gonna need 1/2 a cup of
onion right at me and I'm sorry red
onion
you gotta mince it oh oh you know what I
have a perfect tool for this hold on
where is it I'm prepared let's see if
these things actually work now see
there's even get me now oh I've got a
lot those things worse if you don't like
spicy things you guys don't even need to
put the pepper in there but just be
careful cuz these things are really hot
I completely forgot about that mash it
up get the little minced I have this
little thing okay all you have to do
it's like a chocolate here you just go
like this and it puts it right in there
look at that
nicely munch do you even have to do any
work so 1/2 a cup onion that's only one
pepper I think I'm gonna do one for
right now cuz it's super hot remember
kids always wear protective eyewear
so we're gonna need one tablespoon of
lemon juice okay this is easiest part
put this into here take a fork and mash
it in that's all you got to do a
mash it feels good if you guys don't
like onions you don't have to put that
many onions in there either well it's
pretty easy that's all it is now this is
the key ingredient because the thing
about like lemons as the citrus keeps it
from browning can you guys take me
serious with us it keeps the avocado
from browning going bad obviously you're
gonna need a tablespoon of lemon juice
I'm just doing this it's better than
used fresh tastes better but this is
quicker there you go and now you get
holy guacamole
let's try this mmm that's delicious I
know there's a little too much onion yep
like I said if you don't like Ali
doesn't like onions as much as I do
I just eat onions raw one of Charles get
in shape time whoo there's guacamole all
over that wish me luck dogbert's
so I forgot the key to my gym
so I'm actually running okay
oh hi okay so I just did one mile for
day one and I'm gonna keep upping it but
right now I did a 12-minute mile which
is not very good but we'll beat it we'll
beat it this will keep track of it I
purred 121 calories cool thank you I'm
very proud of it 289 100 do the one
where you like put your hands in a
triangle that's really hard yes yeah
that's really hard for me I'm not hard
Dougy so his pin Zoey's pain oh she went
around the other way
that was some strategic right there so
that kind of thing I've ever seen folks
they're carrying ass around the house
I'm actually talking to our developer
for our iPhone app and look at this is
what our app looks like underneath the
code so if you need one if you're a
vlogger and you want your own iPhone app
contact this guy as information is in
the sub bar that's what I want to be
doing but I'm studying for my exam but
I'm probably gonna fail have a big
religion exam tomorrow and I've never
had as much material for one test before
in my life
it's kind of BS so wish me luck sorry no
whining I'm gonna get it time to study
I'm gonna do great yeah he's Charles
Charles champion with Marley's army and
his fiancee Allie you can watch it on
his channel we need a decision from the
Internet
