hey what's up guys my name is Marley I
like cheese okay here's a girl guys my
name is Zoey that's true you just got a
very intimate view Zoey that I'm not
sure you want this what's up dudes
I would like uh Peter please good see
this lets you do whatever you hide all
the time
saturday is not the day to go to the
mall oh man I forgot about that that is
the most bizarre thing I've ever seen
windshield wipers but they're not
windshield wipers sir
lamp wipers I never thought headlights
would need like headlight wipers so
strange what will they think of next
oh they need to have them for your
glasses Drive you see that's how man go
shopping goes in for a specific reason
and gets out in less than five minutes I
went and pre-ordered the new Splinter
Cell that's coming out I think Tuesday
right I've actually never played into
Splinter Cell so hopefully it's a catch
up so I thought it was done and Ally
just called me he's like I want to go to
the mall so I have to go home pick her
up
and then go back here cube I was almost
home free
Oh silly windshield headlight wipers
yawn is it just weird
Oh what the hell is that it's a yeah
it's like a rabbit or something
kind of scary I wonder what killed that
oh that may be sick
this is that managed to get out of going
to the mall again I'm gonna see if this
thing actually runs anymore no I was
gonna grab it like this though
sorry am i yelling I can't tell
my leg no just getting its pizza sauce
that's fail okay so I feel that my
manliness is coming out of my chest too
much my hairy hairy hairy chest so it's
not area at all but the thing is I
always think that girls are being like
wimps when it comes to waxing so I was
like Alan let's get some wax event you
know I bet you guys are just making seem
worse than it actually is so we're gonna
go buy wax to wax my chest I don't know
why okay guys so today I'm bowing to try
the vegetarian diet again I failed
earlier this year but I'm going to do it
I'm going to do it any of you guys want
to do it with me
okay that sounds bad it is just do it
hey dancing
any of you guys I'm trying to do in the
vegetarian thing with me we can do CTFxC
vegan power no vegetarian power you
gonna do it hold your face let me see
your face this morning I went to try to
wake gali up and I move Zoe and her head
hit Ali right in the face you punch me
with her that one little bumpy part on
the dog hard Ridge fun right into my
cheek and I have makeup over this CTFxC
vegetarian power go
you know this aisle very well this is
the aisle that you do your best not to
look at as you walk by but the
gravitational pull of the chocolate just
too immense this is probably gonna hurt
isn't it so I'm super I'm super nervous
about trying this oh man it's gonna hurt
and a pregame
I gotta make oh please slurp slurp slurp
slurp slurp holy guacamole that looks
delicious
did you hear it can carrot bubbling
simmering look at it still bubbling
pesto pizza time hello everyone I feel
like I've been away for so long from Mia
what are you doing are you kidding me
you want to go outside again this is why
you don't see me cuz that dog pees more
than any being on this planet and that's
usually what I'm doing it's taking these
rats outside in that red Bob I'm surely
bobbing the boy on the road to agra but
right now with no right Bob please tell
me you know that's from all right so I'm
now in the state of mind to where I can
accept this and yeah we're gonna we're
gonna do this
all right already pre-done yeah okay so
here's the thing guys I don't have much
hair on my chest
but I've been growing it out just for
this see that's all I have just let that
much is it about that area and then peel
them apart
see yeah so if I could do like down
because if you went down a probably
wouldn't hurt as much but she says you
have to go up the diagram says you have
to go up what is that don't count the
three just like one two four
I know threes after to see all your like
roots like I'll look all the black all
the roots came out your roots like
waxing it it rips the whole root out so
that's like your funnies that looks now
if you go to ebay and search for this
we're gonna put it on eBay
this way it goes down so I put it down
if I was a girl I got like vagina wax
that would hurt what is that oh Jesus I
feel like Steve Carell I'm a 40 home
virgin right now it's like real oh that
was fun but I feel like you have to do
the whole thing now no you just put it
on me I trusted you
well just put on me what is this crap
it's gonna grow the hair back twice as
much so they make more money might as
well know
she's going from the nipple zoe is so
she's so concerned she's like are you
okay I heard yelling are you all right
everything okay have you guys ever
noticed that Zoe and Malachi and Marly
all have the same voice the only way you
can my nipple fall off that sounded
stupid but you have a newfound respect
for women no let's make a period
simulator so you have to like make your
skin it's like you know it's like it's
like the hair gets ripped off and then
your body is like oh shit you're missing
a hair now yeah it's a hair follicles
you guys want to see a zoom in okay if
you have a weak stomach turn away for at
least five seconds okay everyone else
did
there can you see the hair follicles oh
that's so gross it's whatever they're
called sorry I lied that was seven
seconds so he turned back after two you
saw some hair follicles were you staring
at that was Charles this happy trail
yeah you know it's a very sad face the
head trip oh man my chest is bright red
right now
no I know I have hives cuz you just
ripped follicles out of my freaking face
on my face oh my god
should we wax my face no okay
if we get 300 million subscribers on
both our channels wax my face and then
we'll wax I'm glad you know when our
future kids you know learn to to Google
our names they're gonna come up with
this that's my nipple again I was
thinking I was just talking Ally what
are some other internet challenges you
know you have the the milk challenge you
have the cinnamon challenge
are there other ones cuz I seriously
we're gonna try to beat every single
challenge or at least try to so let us
know in the comments give us some
challenges we will do them see you
tomorrow I gotta go put some hallo on
this these Charles Charles champion
