wake up foot every time I add it in the
morning oh man how do you I just beat
the crap up okay oh there we go
okay so Marley destroyed actually I
should say was backing up I destroyed
Marley's favorite toy this thing it was
red they know so you watch a giant one
get your toy ears i yeah you want a
little one yeah a little one I don't
like these things
you're welcome Marley I'll try not to
suck it up again okay this is for
helping in the Easter Bunny video whoa
oh my god so you go alright well my
Marley's happy is it too big pop get it
Joey
thanks for helping in the Easter video
can you tell Marley's happy she doesn't
like any other dog toy except those
things it's so weird get it Zoe this is
Zoe's favorite toys it's a squirrel what
are you guys send but it has a lastic
thing so it goes like this so you can
take it you can swing it dad's always
favorite toy she abandoned the blue ball
and you got the green one now try it
it's like all the mix noise that's kind
of cooler watch your eyebrows okay watch
your eyebrows lift out the right one
get it oh you got it
holy crap she actually picked that up
Marly becoming one with nature or just
pooping in it yeah it's gonna be like
the craziest thing to come to like a
woods or something with like a lot of
smells and have like an amazing sense of
smell like I guess that's why dogs are
so distracted just like oh is that
poison ivy shit only I would put my face
in poison oh man Oh
take a look an oatmeal bath you marley
how long you do this cuz you're gonna
get a bath anyway
oh now you're done that's probably a big
thing of poop thank you for not being a
jerk you know it's really funny I've
noticed that when marley runs this trail
like she's not on the leash right now
and when people go by she's perfectly
happy and she's perfectly nice she licks
people it must be like she's like one
with nature so she doesn't feel
threatened or something cuz the second I
take her out of here she's gonna be
scared of everyone do you guys get it
Howdy's in it's a porta potty please
tell me you guys get that Howdy Doody
that's pretty clever it's pretty clever
porta potti we have to go to the doctors
cause alli is not feeling too good and
I'm gonna see what's wrong with her
stomach
it's like appendicitis right
does it hurt like there
we don't know what it is the other stuff
so we have to go on something like
walking clinic because it's the only
thing open I'm on the BRAT diet which
means it only bananas he doesn't know
what's wrong so he's gonna put her on
this diet to see if it may have been
there you have the world's biggest fart
waiting to explode that's what's
happening you are gonna have the record
for the largest and most loud you guys
all okay you guys you're like I'm from
Norway I'm from Virginia you're gonna
hear this far through in there that I'm
not pregnant
no little little little trip ease go get
a pizza and a banana hey Apple
hey he Apple
I talked to Dean from Annoying Orange
that he said I will be on The Annoying
Orange he didn't tell me what I was
going to be but yeah so make sure you
subscribe to Annoying Orange I'll let
you know though
I just recorded you joking
I'm going on the other place all I've
been hearing all day is click click
click click click click and I'm finally
going to destroy ally in Call of Duty
you ready no you got to do wait you
gotta flip it around no wait I'm not
done hold on
ok just do me a favor okay look at the
camera look at the camera and say you
fired fired I'll just take a look at
this real quick it looks to me like I
beat Joe ass cheated
whatever she cheated we were sitting in
their little bar scene and I told him to
come camper I'm using my advantage
I didn't camp for longer than 5 seconds
I would stand in the rooftop and weigh
in shoot you can't say camping and camp
he lost and also I try to do this treaty
this truce thing with him to come to the
bar because it was really funny and I
was like what can I get you shoes me in
the face that's cheating
that's cheating
camper who won camper good job Zoe
really does look like she's just looking
at what you're doing but the actuality
the actuality is that she's trying to
find the reflections
it's Jeff Donovan 1991 doesn't just I
don't have like the number one video on
YouTube I'm pretty sure for that
characters here
old school Tim Allen okay you know this
is like one of the things that really
blew my mind when I was younger I used
to be a big fan of Tim Allen at Robin
Williams you know Jumanji and tool time
and stuff like that when I was a kid
right and then when I first discovered
that Robin Williams and Tim Allen were
both raunchy dudes like my my brain
exploded like I was like I couldn't I
couldn't like put two and two together
like all these guys do kids shows and
then they do that oh my god when Bob
Saget ya know I was a huge fan of uh
full house I found that Bob Saget was
the most like disgusting comic I was
actually really blown away on that I was
like really really Jon Stewart's 1992
he's Charles Charles Trippy with my
illusory and his fiancee Allie a
decision for the Internet
