Looby Thursday Ali just for warned me
that apparently in Tallahassee it rains
like every single day in April
apparently they say nothing's wrong with
it but a lot of you guys are like oh
it's the timing belt oh it's the air
conditioning so they've had my car for
four days now and hopefully they find it
now yeah it's been there a long time
they missed my car so drive it with them
and show them that I'm not I know I
don't know anything about cars but I do
know when something's kind of not right
take four they still don't know what's
wrong okay of course of course
you guys saw revving you guys saw it
revving I drove it with one of the tech
guys and it didn't rev at all so I think
I'm I think they think I'm going crazy I
will show you the footage this is the
footage of it revving right here like
we're not driving anywhere and it's just
going up and down okay that's that
normal right and then listen to this
this is when I was cleaning my car this
is the the engine when it was in park
listen to it's like revving see if it's
normal
okay there's gotta be some mechanics out
there what is wrong I've already told
him it was the tiny timing belt and they
said it wasn't so so frustrating
cube the things are everywhere now or is
that a sign yeah they look the same all
right so I started falling asleep so I
needed to get some more coffee you know
I love I love the coffee but you know I
don't like the atmosphere of Starbucks I
just don't like it it's too but Suze
were pretentious everyone they're just
they're like coffee snob just three like
sipping their mochi otto's and their
cappuccinos I don't know I just feel so
threatened I just go through the draft
step back I'm threatened by the coffee
Maurice does what are the baristas
baristas baristas coffee baristas wait
what but Ali hasn't been feeling good so
look at surprise her with this pure
chocolate cupcake of goodness that's a
lot of chocolate
checking the PIO box see him what you
guys sent me from all over the world and
I got one from Virginia two different
places but the Swiss have chocolate
right I'll be a better way up there
knows their place
whatever loser loser
what am one oh my gosh oh my gosh
whatever oh my gosh whatever this is the
church this is steeple open the doors to
see that no wait that was the one with a
little remember the one with like opened
a baby diaper and that's his little
doohickey remember any of these we were
the ones with the strings would you go
like this and you do things with strings
or pogs who remembers pogs I'm thinking
about all the toys I had slap bracelets
slap bracelets were awesome see when I
was like in elementary school and middle
school and stuff like that they banned
pogs and like slap bracelets what are
they banned now like the cell phones and
laptops like do they even have toys like
that I mean everyone just has a cell
phone now right everyone's playing pong
on their self by the way if you haven't
figured out it's random thought Thursday
do you guys like it when I shave or do
you like it when I have like this like
mini beard never have a Shay beard but I
can have a mini beard do I look hardcore
this way hardcore so you get another
tattoo dragged over my hair longer again
may I get the red streak again no that
would be a bad idea do you guys think we
should move to California what did
babies come from isn't it weird when you
look on a bag of popcorn and you look on
the ingredients that says ingredients
popcorn instead of ingredients corn
thought that was weird oh I wonder what
the caveman's name was who invented the
wheel where they're like Bob or Janet I
wonder if it'll be cooler to breathe
underwater or fly punch a shark a punch
a bird that would be really cool to
punch a whale in the face they just
deserve it I mean really who invented
the story about like a stork bringing
the baby to the mom and dad mommy daddy
where do I come from
what's that a big giant bird known as a
stork brings you to us sort of like the
pickle start no Sun what's scarier daddy
that doesn't mix
it doesn't have to son good night whoops
if a tree fell in the woods but there
was nobody around to hear it would it
make a sound of course it would it's a
tree falling in the woods if you need no
today's the day where you're not
supposed to wear shoes because it's the
Tom's I don't have to go the shoe
company Tom's basically they if you buy
a pair of shoes they donate a pair to
foreign Congress third-world countries
that can't afford shoes but today you're
supposed to wear shoes and Ali is
currently not wearing shoes and there's
a couple bitches in her class that
literally we're making fun of her for
not wearing shoes and she told her why
and they'd still make fun who makes fun
of people for doing something for like a
cause or charity
oh well sad people I guess so I'm gonna
see what Ali looks like well our shoe is
just a way to get the bus stuff maybe
her cupcake will make her forget about
those biatches no shoes
no shoes your hippie hippie I already
told them so look in the backseat
backseat
if you're gonna get kicked out the part
won't even see I can't even tell being
all domestic trying to find a comforter
hmm which comfort again huh instead of
buying action figures and toys this is
what you do when your older kids you buy
duvets and comforters and candles in the
old faith Charles tiny head there's it
you know it's really funny this is this
is what I think my head it like is and
then this is what you and nobody should
be able to see themself this clothes
seems like everything you can see my
hair like growing out my skin that's
really weird like like hair growing out
somebody's skin
so your motorcycle I think he's done it
again
no the sheet style it eliminates a girl
if you want the pink that makes pasta
yeah I don't think that makes pasta holy
crap it does for all the stoners out
there you can make your own herbs
Lucy Lucy the body please okay show me
someone's bottom your feet please you
gotta see them they're like so dirty
Lucy Lucy please I'll buy you a mixer
look at those feet aluminium ball the
good thing is that you're not gonna flip
in the rain no that's that's a positive
you know what the good news is right
here because of the rain clean off those
feet
oh my god you gotta put shoes on when
the all clean oh this is like an angry
printer it's like you paper you hitters
are angry nowadays late-night craving at
Steak and Shake prize you can see the
thing about Steak and Shake is you can
only eat it after midnight yeah you can
only stay straight after shaking you can
only eat it
thank you my good sir oh wow look at
that
I wondered okay so we came in here to
the milkshakes and this fine gentleman
over here
he's like are you sure you guys want
milk and it was like a long pause we
were all like wait what yeah okay who
did you think was gonna win I didn't get
Chris Chris I mean they have not updated
as close can we appreciate this before I
demolish it please raise this to
kool-aid boy this is the kool-aid one
thing and that's a natural purple right
there which one do you get savoring yeah
there's a pixie stick creamsicle there
we go see you can't come to second shake
and not get the cheese fries it looks
like plastic cheese oh my god fail
hey guys don't forget to download the
new internet killed television app for
the iPhone and iPod touch
all you have to do is click the link in
the sub bar that's the blue bar under
the video or just search CTFxC in the
app store that I mentioned it's free
you'll be able to watch all the videos
on all our channels it's super awesome
terrific download today dude dude
again it's free don't worry coming soon
to the Android and iPad he's Charles
Charles champion with Morley Surrey and
his fiancee Allie
