whoa this is crazy check this out this
is from Stefanie V from Philadelphia
she had Zoe's tongue all proportion as
crazy
get down
pound it yeah come on all right court
yeah
what you never seen the white boy dance
before nothing my dance skills because
you know you're jealous I gotta go run
some errands I gotta go drop the key off
with the girls dr. van a leer at the
pool you gonna be good guard dog as
always ears still goofy but she's
getting better for it though he doesn't
feel good oh by the way Tyson is feeling
awesome he he went through a surgery on
Monday he's get this big gnarly scar on
his leg I got some clips I'll show you
guys well I'll show you guys now
what's doing over there
yeah guys so Tyson's home
he just took like a 5 minute long beat
it's pretty funny I'll let you see them
hey buddy
a lot more awake than earlier
what's your scar such a big boy aren't
you say you were just Sun Tanning what's
going on buddy you guys really made a
difference you guys are awesome forget
it girl
I want to go to the pool you want to go
to the pool I wanna go one of those
Grand Marquis like a 93 Grand Marquis
like old school she got it for free from
an old lady that never drove her car so
every time I'm driving in Tallahassee I
hope it's like look like this little
skinny white boy driving this Grand
Marquis so now some some rap and now I
feel I feel like it's appropriate I feel
like this show totally blew up hitting
it that is crazy
Best Actress I love so I used to watch
the show remember like when we were in
Spain just before I went to Spain I
never got to see any of the later
episodes but I they're still Glee fans
as big as it was when it first came out
because it seems like it's everywhere
just pick this up from the peel box and
I have to show you guys it's a picture
book from a guy named Evan in Virginia
and it's just like basically documents
our past year
it's so cool so much time 2009 copia
and it's pretty cool thanks Evan I'm
getting pumped up because they storm on
YouTube YouTube icon so today's storm
said he'd teach me how to rap so I'm
just getting in the groove the flow I'm
getting my you know when you had a green
light and it goes it's like this it's
like three two one green hawk you know
what I'm talking about that's why they
did they're jerks look at this idiot
we just walk in the middle of the road
you know I'm cool don't worry about it
everyone go around me it's all good that
either takes real balls or no brains
everyone's sleeping I was driving Ellie
crazy so she took me to the field to run
around is she coming see you like right
behind me it's like it's such a big
field it's like jasc oh my god I have an
idea
what about if we got like a big giant
slip and slide down that whole hill holy
crap should we do it we would need what
like maybe like 20 of them but that'd be
so cool
Marly Marly
where's Zoey Zoey
where's alien doctor yeah there yeah oh
she listened
there's Marley
of course ring ring ring
do you have fans by that dog is really
red aren't here hey PJ I butchered what
she just fluffy her
- okay so yesterday we showed you that
that plant leaf this is the plant that
Anthony found it looks like a giant pot
leaf doesn't it can any of you tell us
what kind of tree this is because look
at this this is not pot but it just it
looks like it and we can't figure out
for the life of us what type of tree
this is so if you guys want to help us
out that'd be really helpful this thing
is just chilling here I'm not sure
what's wrong yes it's not dead it's
untiring moving no yeah it's definitely
moving okay so that was the tree that
they came off of and these are what the
leaves look like see we can't figure out
for the life of us what type of trees
that have this it's so similar good prop
what that's perverted
delicious burrito cut okay so is this a
tactic of managers like have you ever
been at a restaurant when the manager
comes up to you and ask you how your
meal is but every single time you just
and you just put food in your mouth so
it's like how is your meal and it's like
that's all you can do so be like it
exactly this is what I'm talking about
it's like excuse me ma'am how's your
meal
could I get you anything is that a good
good yeah every single time and it's
really funny because when I worked at
Chili's they used to work at Chili's the
managers were all we do always do that
to it I just can't figure out if that's
like a tactic they training you on or I
don't know yes I what I'm talk about
though right so that is the Ataris tour
bus hello just you know hanging out
getting gas
my Ataris sorry we couldn't see your
show all right everyone listen to the
drum track okay now listen to the drum
track on this song this one's like super
old I found it a long time ago I have a
sure the Coldplay and that's some 41 yet
it's a sum 41 song and it's a Coldplay
song and when you play them and back the
back you can play the entire song and it
syncs up perfectly listen I'm going to
do a little brief little part
so that's some 41 and Coldplay looped
over each other and now watch out as I
go
I'll progress
it's like the same chords it's so funny
but listen to progressions
it's the same thing okay now hold on let
me go further
okay we'll just see the end
and it ends they're the exact same
length there so if you guys want this
I'll put it a link so you can download
it in the bat decide bar the bottom bar
the under bar the underneath bar below
this video bar and you can check it out
and then come back and tell me what you
guys think in the comments because that
one's my favorite I just finally showed
him the cold someone Oh what's called
the sub bar that's what we're gonna call
it we're gonna call it the sub bar guys
spread the word sub bar don't want your
side bar if you were too much of a girly
man to watch your milk challenge 2010
now's your chance
click the little box oh and don't forget
to watch our cutesy wutesy Easter video
I play a rabbit it's right there in the
screen enjoy did I mention I play around
it he's Charles Charles Trippy
with Morley's in reality
