so I just walked downstairs to take the
dogs out and I noticed they have a new
tree out where they walk the dogs now al
what does this leaf look like to you
does it I mean seriously look at that
it's got too many other yourself it does
because Anthony and John are down there
I was like only good Anthony pointed
that out what's our apartment complex
growing weed in the back I don't know
Zoey
those gonna get high Oh Martha only get
hot goes bad okay Marley did you just
eat that did you just have you ever
walked into a very public place and then
we look down and realize that your fly
was undone yeah me neither
cube that's a Scion yeah looks like a
cube
so we're going to rescue my car from the
Hyundai dealership they don't know
what's wrong with it so I'm going they
apparently they're like yeah we can't
recreate what you're saying so they
think I'm crazy so I got a show but it
was it was definitely doing it wasn't it
I'm not super crazy okay it's I'm not
super crazy I'm just mildly crazy so I
um those people thought I was crazy
apparently everyone's getting a very ill
watching our video yesterday you watch
where's Mike oh they're this way over
there well they're still not ready so I
have to wait in the heat hey hot stuff
oh we go and pick your nose again what
is this what's this huh Marley they'll
be dead scared she's freaking out what
is this huh
what's that it's funny so he didn't come
and greet us again and Marley was like
all happy and stuff and then I all I did
was I found this in the floor and I
lifted it up all I did was lift it up
and she just like ran and hid it she's
such a goofball
why are you hiding did you ha kidding
what do you think guys is a time for a
haircut is it looking ratty scraggly
ready to go to that part here you see
put on you too so I'm driving out of
this car cuz apparently I don't guess I
can't figure out what was going on with
my car like oh saying earlier so it's
been there for two days I guess it's
gonna go on a third day
it sucks cuz the Alex car is cool but
like I'm not used to driving it and you
know like when you drive somebody else's
car you're constantly accelerating and
hit the brakes and go like this and I
was doing that I went right next to a
cop right
like rain next to a cop yeah he was like
look at he had to a thought I was like
drunk get some exercise
ha it's really funny the woods doesn't
look as scary when everything's blooming
and not dead it's not as frightening as
it was back in November really sees a
squirrel ready oh she missed it names
mixed up so much so I wanted to start
working out again I wanted to get back
in guy used to go to the gym like every
single day since I was hoarse today I
just I haven't had time and I wanted to
ask you guys if there's any p90x errs on
there it seems like everyone in the
grandma are doing that and getting
results so I don't know well I was
thinking about doing it but I didn't
know if it was actually gonna work if it
was a little stupid little gimmicks
looks like ripped if you don't eat
anything and work out 15 hours a day
oh it's a big tree hey that's a big log
Zoey do I do p90x you need to chunky we
can't cross that River
Marly I will give you as much treats as
you possibly want if you balance over
that do not go it okay that was pretty
impressive oh look at that
I forgot dogs can jump look why would
you jump over the water and then walk in
it right here what was the point of
jumping so we do not follow her lead do
not follow her lead Marley's like the
biggest bitch the world oh yeah now she
just wants to walk in it you ask get out
of the water
Marley leap let's go leap oh you lazy oh
mosquito Oh fine
it is an awesome day that's for sure
it's like one of those bittersweet
things like I'm happy it's summer but
then I like I really like cold weather
so I'm like bummed out you always look
like just smiling tongue hanging out
okay oh there we go
rawr hi you did you is that another cube
or a psionic Intel ah
the moment of truth Steve they mess up
my hair again she's already doing way
better than I could ever be
Oh
her name
like if not good he's just trying to be
good
you liar good char now you just gotta
shave yeah there you go now you can take
that hat off
when the transformation was complete
you still have that awesome beard all of
my stars
she didn't mess up my hair
it looks really good yeah if you want to
want to get a good haircut go there and
ask for Tiffany cuz she Tiffany because
she didn't screw my hair up so high five
internet high five for Tiffany Hobbit
hoagies no but for last time way now we
went to the same slot and the girl I
thought she did me because she did
really hard and in really cold water
this girl didn't do that
the changing
it makes me in that
most off-brand ketchup ever red gold
tomato ketchup because I say tomato
ketchup like is there any other types of
ketchup it's only it's only true
are you wearing your wearing my dad's
old t-shirt aren't you
this is the funniest thing you guys yeah
no this is the funniest thing okay
my dad this is my dad's old shirt okay
it was the same size of the alley
actually so we're gonna go tease Zoe Zoe
this is their favorite game in okay if
you put the laser pointer if you do the
laser pointer + sand like a beach we
have a volleyball court it will be the
funniest thing in the world if you guys
can see it
I can't even like follow her she's
hauling ass
hey and ask old Maile she is so fast get
fun Zowie fun look I'm a giant like
shadow puppet eat your face Wow shadow
monsters gonna get a V
oh we kind of lost his head in the water
eat Zoey's face mom eat her leg to not
go swimming goes well is this gonna like
free dive dive jump in mer if she jumps
in I will be so laughing she looks drunk
we're gonna rescue Batman I don't think
that's Batman
go for it you're supposed to say Batman
bracer huh say Batman I don't think this
Batman kind of Batman is a jerk get her
like let's see this bad man he just
stays in the under stays like that
anyone know what that man this is I
mercy bad man was read it's like Archer
Batman
you should be molding like a bow and
arrow Zoey sounded before you did though
he was like trying to get it before you
were oh you found it and one two three
oh I forgot to open this is from Nick
Reinhardt you gotta check this out Wow
look at this this is crazy
unbeliev
it was to Red Bulls and 20 hours it's
the same guy that gave us this drawing
was nine months ago it's Twitter's right
here on the screen
go tell him he is awesome because I mean
look at this look look at the difference
say goodnight Zoey
again if Zoey said goodnight I'd be
freaked out say goodnight we'll see you
guys tomorrow
Nick thank you very much and that's cold
goodnight he's Charles Charles champion
with Morley's army and his fiancee Allie
we need a decision from the internet
yeah Jayla one to ten how much you
freaking out right now considering this
is a vote product no look at his hands
he's like rubbing it this is like a yeah
like mr. burns this is like this is like
your kryptonite like yeah grease on your
face this is taking a lot
you look like kernel you gotta do it
like oh there's
