good hello you guys it seems like every
day I'm starting the vlogs in the car
just I'm so busy i'm driving around like
crazy main man maniac game estate maniac
I'm so crazy don't gonna feel the milk
it's probably because I have a giant tub
of cream cheese or conda's cheese or
milk inside my body but yeah the good
news is the milk challenge video the
whole video is now up on Charles Trippy
youtube.com / Charles Trippy so if you
want to watch that in all its epicness
glorious awesomeness it's over on that
channel I got to take my car to the
dealership now because it's doing that
home rep thing you guys told me to take
it in so I'm gonna as the air
conditionings not running so I don't
know and here's another thing it is 90
degrees in Florida where did that come
from but last time I said the
temperature it was like 60 global
warming Al Gore was right oh crap I
forgot third eye blind's playing tonight
maybe we should try to go to that
if they weird see me listen to rap okay
this us kid cudi but the reason why I
really really like this song is ratatat
soo in the music scene
so they do the the music when I saw
ratatat last year they were on tour with
a guy is like this white rapper guy his
name was death spot I think des p OT and
every single day of the tour he did a
new song with ratatat so he would rap
about the city at any said he was demure
an album with ratatat but I've never
heard anything about it so if you guys
know anything or know any rappers that
did any other collaborations with
ratatat let me know in the comments
because rappers + ratatat that's the
best so i'm making ali drive the best
buy and i'm going to persuade her to buy
an ipad
maybe it'll work that's another cube I'm
officially doing the cube alert you guys
we're gonna do a Internet wide cube
alert every time you find a picture or
drive by a cube tell us and see how many
cubes are out there okay so we left the
picture in Sarasota and now we just left
another one for you guys to find here in
Tallahassee on this computer get to fuck
it though gotta flip it oh there we go
see if you guys can find it we're in
palaces best buy on this computer oh
that's the only thing you could think
you do that a lot easier to play them on
your phone
which have pepper then a big
perfect that's not the phone you're
buying is not put that on the internet
so that lets back to back alley didn't
know I used as a thumbnail yesterday
I'm gonna kill you what is this I'm
actually knew it is as weird this is my
favorite part about this vlog look at
this sexy pregnant lady bears get him
Katie long get him Ali trying to figure
out the orientation all right you're
done let me play
sexy man on the iPad
only badasses play the keytar do people
actually still play these things other
than Demetri Martin is it easy to play
than I actually eat a keyboard I'd be
like double-checking light kit kit you
know like you know like when they do the
guitar spins around the neck I wanted a
quitar tacky tourist ever did that it's
like hey yup piano solo but that would
be a lot harder because if the keys
weren't mash in
we can
mm-hmm
moo cow bell Huck you really can't see
your butt chicken
you
she just won't get out
such a good cartoon ok this is contact
it's like one of my favorite movies of
all time like a message from deep space
period who will be the first to go ? a
journey to the heart of the universe and
that's it as that is that is Oscar
material ok we're going off the beaten
path that is the normal roadway and this
is some sketchy think this is I'm trying
to figure out its apart oh geez take
sorry guys you ran right into the glass
that is a giant open field I think what
was underneath the little highway I
think Marley and Zoey should come out
here what is that how do we owe the big
ass filled with the trolls on this
bridge I'll eat your soul don't shake
your head at me gotta pay the troll toll
pulled around the corner so he couldn't
eat it dirty two things that happen
underneath road so we ran back and got
the dogs to show in this awesome field
and the only thing that want to do is to
sniff for other dogs the peed naturally
20 minutes later 20 minutes later oh god
here speed demon good job if there are
Jack Russell or rat terrier races around
this area I seriously want to put
Marlene there cuz I think she could
totally pwned them like any other dog
she's so fast I really think if there
was like you know quick turns Marla
could be the greyhound this is Ali
trying to catch Marley not gonna care
yeah uh-huh she's gonna catch you like
three seconds anyone to ya
are they look both ways nope you didn't
look the other way sure then walking oh
yeah I met me I met Mandy I yay ah can
use it that's a thumbnail oh my god
following the railroad tracks they're
bad you're being bad I know this is
there are so many naps that's eat human
face that really look good Nazi sweat I
don't know Freddy with Syria there were
bees but I don't know where they went
now there's one
I am a dog I like things squirrel nice
to meet you scrub my name is Marley I
have a green band dead squirrel my name
is Charles I work on the inner squirrel
turn turn turn turn your feeling that
didn't work as well as i hoped i have
the camera i have the car bye bye
Charles crazy then get off my hood got
Paula no movement look what Ali got I
think just torturing milk gross speaking
of milk if you want to see the ultimate
milk challenge at the end of this video
you'll be able to watch it warning you
though if you have a weak stomach don't
say I didn't warn you I just literally
did warned Mike actually you know what
it came out like hold up I think it came
out more like this more like ricotta
cheese oh you'll know what I'm talking
about okay so reading the comments on
yesterday's vlog the drinking cow juice
and you know when i'm doing the
listerine chalant nautilus turn
challenge I'm everything's challenges
but I'm doin listening to get rid of
milk and I was humming a melody it was
standing by me um and I died a little
bit because readings in the comments
everyone's like if you listen really
carefully met everyone a couple people
if you listen really carefully it's sean
kingston beautiful girls you know it
makes me want to commit suicide I died a
little bit really it stand by me what
the greatest songs ever there's no hope
hey you look finger struggle in there I
don't think you're supposed to do it
like that yeah really yeah this is for
like the filling of extra
but like oh yeah because it makes a
whole strawberries what are you making
hmm that looks like it has so much sugar
in it looks like tomatoes actually
doesn't it has like walsim tablespoon
eat it there was such a dainty by I mean
a chunk why strawberries Ali's out there
making a delicious meal but I don't
think I'm gonna be hungry because i'm
editing the video um the milk challenge
video and yeah it gets pretty gross
choice I'm just like as I'm editing and
I'm just like tasting that milk in right
at the back of my mouth I'm just like I
just did it again you're proud of your
meal it does look delicious and healthy
and nutritious I looks great doesn't at
least giving final approval in the video
can't wait to release this video this is
what I do before I like release any
video I always make Ali watch it and
that she laughs it goes online if we
both laugh it goes online that's that's
the bottom luck I mean that's that's why
you should make videos right as long as
you laugh that was disgusting and
awesome I'll do the same shit you should
people vote you just gostosa just go wow
I'm gonna put titles on that one should
people click right here and go watch the
video now there's a row early about two
minutes then how you feeling a great
actually weak stomach the worst part is
this like milk bella go watch it anyway
it was fun and then see if you can try
the milk challenge actually don't see
because it wasn't fun enjoy i think the
real winner there was Lindsey cuz she
decided not yet sure Lindsay was the
true winner all right we'll see you guys
tomorrow enjoy the milk challenge 2010
okay goodbye though we do what if my dog
actually said goodbye I'd be freaked out
and now it's time to stop being a wimp
and watch milk challenge 2010 on
youtube.com / Charles Trippy or just
click here do it now or be a wimp he's
Charles Charles trapping with Marley Zoe
and his fiance alley you can watch it on
a shadow we need a decision from the
internet
