happy Easter everybody our powers out
everything's turned off don't worry fish
it'll be okay just pretend like it's the
ocean or a pond this is your freshwater
wait why is the alarm working did you
guys shoot the electric out that was
weird Oh
happy Easter our power is out just like
the olden time I want my computer it's
really hilarious how much you like to
rely on electricity and you don't
realize it until you're done like I was
like oh you know what I'll just add it
on my laptop today oh wait I can't get
all the files off my desktop I'll just
charge the battery for this computer
this camera and I put it in the wall I'm
like oh yeah there's no path oh I'll get
a drink oh I probably shouldn't up on
the refrigerator because then all the
cold air that's already in there is
gonna go out maybe I'll watch TV
nope maybe a movie nope you know what
I'd really like some toast not gonna
happen
perhaps play keyboards no print out my
life's memoirs if I had them No sit here
and twiddle my thumbs
I can do for the all day baby you guys
got your Easter colors on wait I got
something sorry Syd oh my god it's the
Easter Bunny kill it kill it
get these bunny let's put on Marley
no lucky ok ready just put it on your
head
sit down
nope can I please Kim it would you try
not to eat something for once ok
come on don't eat this okay right
my treat happy Easter everybody from
Zoey and my hey you've come off there
you go okay
roll over that's a girl
that's a rabbit I mean Stan yeah Zoey
party at the park we pulled in and there
was a bunch of old guys on motorcycles I
was like a little old guy barking biker
gangs it was it like bikes at Carly's
they were like the tricycle BMW bikes
trike bike with a trailer you don't mess
with that the trike bike a track bike
bicycle means to bike is to be anything
right
the bike gang a trike bike gang it
sounds cool getting really excited for
this milk challenge I did it when I was
like 7th or 8th grade but I didn't go
very far with us so I haven't written
really drinking or eating much really
bad foods because I don't want to throw
hay so email kaloud can use soy milk you
can't use soy milk Kenya yeah I think
I'm gonna have to do like like 1% milk
or something 1% or 2% no definitely have
you guys done the milk challenge it's
gonna be awesome what we're gonna do is
we're gonna film it on the vlog and
we're gonna make a huge like sports
spectacular and I'm gonna do a lot of
editing with it so it's to be really fun
our neighbors are they're down for it so
we're hunting Easter bunnies go hey the
Easter Bunny at the woods we're gonna
hunt Easter bunnies get it Marley get
that Easter Bunny is that silly rabbit
around here eating his tricks is it me
or just like the woods look a lot
greener than last week when were here
everything's just so green spring is
sprung running start cheater
they're gonna go like this added
flip-flops or sandals
Marley's eyeing the McDonald's thats
exactly what I need
alright which one I feel 1% I think I
need to do 1% dammit they don't have
skin oh they do have hot sauce sold out
so I went with 1% that's not cheating no
it's not I can't do 2% what's a percent
a percent doesn't matter
I wanted skin though this is a lot I
described before oh is it
Oh sweetie this is a bad idea so we're
getting ready to do the great American
milk challenge
hey J that's our team mascot we got the
challengers we got me we got John he's
doing the gorilla this is for the action
shot
Anthony over there one of the reps
Lindsey and the spectators we're going
for all the shots here and then we got
Nintendo over their feet well that's
just an interesting hey Anthony how's it
going okay so before we continue we're
gonna have to do like a little betting
system who do you think is gonna win
okay now it's time for you guys on the
count of three I'm gonna pause the video
and leave a comment who do you thinks
gonna win it we got John Anthony okay
one two three pause okay this is how
we're gonna pass the time place the
Mortal Kombat we got some talking over
here okay there we go here we go
three whatever attacks if you want to do
three two one start the timer
wait don't eat the ball off the case you
know should we classify that we should
have let them
we're just gonna let them learn this is
strategy right and now it's a simple
there were only about two minutes in how
you feeling
a great actually the worst part is this
like milk breath after take a pee ready
alright so this is where I'm at okay can
you guys see it right there
jiggly thank you today that's where Anne
sees that he's halfway done what do you
guys think should I start vlogging this
way just walking around with this camera
whoa
43 minutes in
just like BAM and just hits you yes I
gave your mouth tastes just milk yeah
and then the worst is like the milk
breath that's like interesting the the
milk that I've chosen I did the 1% which
has 2.5 grams of fat it's 7 grams of
protein per serving it's about 16
servings in there so about a hundred and
sixty grams this was not a good idea no
I'm right are there any viewers out
there in internet land have actually
attempted and/or completed this because
I don't think it's possible we have 10
10 minutes 20 seconds and I have over a
quarter I'm so full I don't this is such
a bad idea
Oh a gallon of milk 3.78 liters right
where's the card
oh yeah I puked out my old leg guys I
could I couldn't do it was your fault
I'm not going to show you guys any of
the vomiting in this video the vlog I'm
sorry look hold on let me clean this up
a little bit so I can't show you guys
any of the vomiting in this I'm gonna
edit this together in a giant video on
the Charles Trippy channel and it will
be epic and you'll see all odd it tastes
awful
yeah you all are you doing I feel so
much better though what's the time the
worst part is it curdles yeah I know
it's so gross oh it's the cottage cheese
when it comes out all right John are you
happy with the outcome like trying to
trick myself but for the homies oh man
you guys that was a bad I brushed my
teeth this is the third time I brushed
my teeth
I took a shower just so girls add that
all down my leg I'm sorry you guys had
to watch this but don't nips my
apologizing you guys watch it because he
wanted to keep good at all enjoy would
you smells like milk like mind
oceanarium alright and now for my third
shot of Lister
so could you name that song humming but
you can't is it weird that I'm like
strangely hungry now should i eat what
should I eat Club crackers so yeah I
want to ask you guys have you guys ever
tried that no challenge if you have
adult unless you want a projectile throw
up everywhere but I'm just curious if
any of you guys have actually tried it
in accomplish it I got 3/4 get 75% done
75% and then I'd screwed up it's just
the problem is that when one guy who
falls everyone falls because you can't
you keep the sound and should we go for
round 2 you guys should we get John and
Anthony which high round - mmm maybe get
Lindsay and Ally and I figured this is
the only way to get that smell out of my
nose I'm getting good at this
takes years of practice
well Biff the square root of 32 is 45
million I just don't get it how does
Santa Claus drink so much milk in one
night he's Charles Charles trapping with
Marley's army and his fiancee Ally you
can watch this channel a decision
