hey good morning guys if you haven't
seen it
youtube.com slash droughts or you can
click here or bottom butter but I was
editing and I realized I didn't have a
shot so this is me at 8:00 in the
morning with zero hours of sleep or
minutes of sleep book putting this
putting this thing back on do you guys
want to see what it's like in there you
sure
so that's what I get the see through
constantly that's so hard cuz like you
bump in this shit like the coffee table
I don't love you can you see there it is
it is fun though it is fun it's too
early to be doing this I have to take
that of the buddy rabbit costume by noon
I have 10 minutes to take it back Oh a
million-in-one Cole points to whoever
knows this band that's playing right now
if I can't hear but if you can
billion-to-one cool boys
you know it's really funny about
Saturday mornings in Tallahassee is that
everyone all the college kids they do in
the sororities the stuff they do um like
car washes and it's always funny they
always put as always seems to be they
always put the sluttiest girls out like
attract everyone so everyone's talking
and it's just like how do they think
about it's like all right Brenda all
right you're gonna wear a miniskirt that
shows your hooch all right and then
you're gonna bring people in to get car
washes it's a brilliant plan by mr.
bunny
you were good to us oh man I am so
excited so I just was talking to the the
costume guys for about maybe Oh 45
minutes Ali just did it myself it's
wanting to shoot a video like a web
series the new web series for probably
about a year now about a year and we
haven't been able to do it just because
we haven't had the right costume well
apparently these guys can get it for us
so I'm excited because we've been
waiting so long so just get excited I
need coffee I'm going on 36 hours now
everything's funny to me see what I mean
just throw them out there Brenda you're
wearing jeans the long-sleeve shirt
get the bikini and hold aside on
Tennessee Street hey do you guys want to
play game it's called what doesn't
belong okay
leave your answer in the comments okay
ready pretty typical cover of Rolling
Stone
now what doesn't belong what seems out
of place okay
any guesses should be obvious
okay that's times up were you able to
see what didn't belong it should have
been really hot yes
ooh look at all the pollen on my car
there that's much better
mm-hmm smiley face every day I just keep
just hoping that's gonna get better than
some puppy will change her so you were
supposed to get this dick zoom in on
toes today is a lazy day I basically
cleaned out my whole house ate a bunch
of food today was a good day
Hey poor thing has been editing all day
long three videos left and you know what
today is called it's called no shower
Saturday
she will not bring that back oh my gosh
is she bringing it back just punches
everyone face that dog just punches
everyone hey Poochie good job beat you
that's for sure
yes I'm so sorry that I haven't been
recording much I'm so tired
it's almost two days without sleep so
I'm gonna take a nap and hopefully it'll
sleep the day away so Ally you're in
charge this is a lazy blog day all right
here charge you must vlog now what no
watch watch don't stick your finger in
my nose and put in my mouth so that was
a confusing nap see the thing is I can't
take naps coz what I do when I wake up I
think I slept through the entire night
and now it's the next day so I'm really
confused
I've been reading on Twitter about the
iPad I guess it came out today so I'm
gonna go to the Best Buy and see if they
have one and see with all the hubbub is
about because I think it's just like it
overpriced non-flash
tablet Kindle or whatever so I'm gonna
see if this thing could sway B Ali's
gonna kill me if I come home with one of
those things it might be worth it
yes mr. Allen
sorry I wasn't talking when I was
playing on a thing um I wasn't that late
he almost hit me oh I wasn't supposed to
record the guy told me not to record so
I was like I gotta do this all sneaky
sneaky my first impression of the iPad
I'm pretty impressed the only thing that
kind of sucked
if that thing really had if it had
flashed if the iPad had flash that'd be
a sick computer the thing that really
got me is that when you're when you're
holding it it doesn't feel like really
flimsy really it feels like very
substantial feels like very sturdy like
the typing wasn't bad to use your thumbs
it literally is like using a giant iPod
Touch or iPhone I'm just going back and
forth I see I can't justify spending
$600 for one of those without having
flash if it had flash that means I could
upload my videos on the run can't I
can't justify that kind of money for
just tablet you know what I mean but I
do take it back a little bit the iPad is
pretty cool like actually touching it
and holding it it is actually pretty
impressive those of you who have an iPad
I almost said an iPod and iPad are you
you've had it for like what 24 hours now
after watching this video probably what
are your impressions its are you happy
with your purchase do you like it would
you recommend it or was it better if you
have an iPhone just to stick with an
iPhone one thing I did notice that when
the iPhone came out I remember a lot of
people complaining that the screen was
too small like oh the screen is too
small why don't you make it bigger and
then it's really kind of funny cuz Apple
did make it bigger the iPad and
everyone's just like oh it's just like
the iPod and iPhone
you really can't win with Apple heads
Kenya
with your little headband
I'm just drinking some sweet tea from
this lovely establishment called it was
imported from Long Island all the way
here to tell ya you know here in
Tallahassee when Tom there's pictures of
alligators behind you ever do trust me
they're there this particular team was
two for one tonight right yeah this the
sweet tea was they deal was the shipping
was free
I'm just kidding it's great
vodka so we just came home somebody
thought there was candy I wonder who did
that the one that's hiding and you can't
find anywhere I knew it
see when we come home when mar 20 2016 9
we're Marley is I think I know what she
is there she is
run run is whenever she gets in trouble
when I start asking your questions
Marley
look at me what's this Marley she goes
like this
Marley what's this big delicious what is
that look at her eyes
Oh door guys there's no candy or food in
there she just she just assumed there
was
and this is why our neighbors love us
she's so happy
oh my phone okay these Charles Charles
champion with Marley's army and his
fiancee Ally you can watch it on this
channel we need a decision from the
internet television
