all right so I just officially met the
coolest older guy ever okay so he saw me
wearing this shirt you guys know this
bad black flag he's like wow I haven't I
haven't seen the shirt a black flag
shirt in so long I was totally taken
back cuz he he was if I was the gas he
may have been late 60s so an older guy
and I'm like oh yeah you know black flag
I love that man he goes I used to listen
to them a Dead Kennedys and the misfits
I'm just like dude I just got to give
you a high five and we just high-fived
in the middle the post office it was
pretty awesome
this is much worse than putting your dog
in the back of the truck let's put your
kids costume shop last night we're
hanging out and I thought of a really
funny idea to do for Easter so at this
Magic costume shop here in Tallahassee
and we're gonna pull no fags no persons
no backpacks no exception so we're gonna
see if they have an Easter Bunny pasta
yeah they definitely have Easter Bunny
costumes this was a little creepy I
don't know I kind of like him there's a
giant chicken which one oh I was just
like the Willy Wonka so they had the
perfect costume that's for sure
it stinks good thing I have to wear yay
a million cool boys he'll ever know
spans
all right so we got the bunny costume
and now I gotta go to Walmart and try to
find a bunch of Easter stuff I'm
imagining Walmart has like all right
there's just a weird holiday I never
understood even as a kid like okay let's
get a giant rabbit with color of these
eggs and hide them and put candy in
plastic ate what you know what really
gets me thinking that okay like the
original eggs probably weren't plastic
they were just hard-boiled eggs so was
that a prize to find a colored
hard-boiled egg or they hung out weird
and the final prop a baseball bats Wyatt
baseball bat oh you'll see
it's a giant bunny head who is that Zoe
that a stuffed animal see oh this is a
big toy Marlin your tails Waggin Terrell
is always like curly it never wags like
that scoop it up field mice and boppin
them up spot myself and they're not real
okay Zoe knows her Ariel
what's right
what do you ever won another purple one
you keep falling for it you dingus up I
guess you wanted the purple one Purple's
a cool color we haven't even started
filming and we already have an injury
the bats injured what cheap piece of
crap got it cuz it looks real and I can
I could beat me with it I can beat the
Zoe with it it looks like I'm hitting it
with a real bat
ground rule double oops
season awesome look at my feet look at
the tail that's the tail uh-huh
I don't understand this like pole I
still never will understand the Easter
Bunny thing I gotta tell you now I got I
need both hands for this crazy so I love
you she wants to play judge hurry and
step on her I know you want a hug just
like what the hell no agree hug Oh
lovely surprise me what an s is probably
it's like a giant stuffed animal that
she destroyed it's like my dog killed
the Easter Bunny to make it great
finally welcome to the behind the scenes
of the Easter bunny video
that's what she said
no it's we've been living here we
started making friends with our
neighbors so they realize that this is
norming you I'm showing cheap our
neighbors like it's like a bunny with a
drill and you're a bank robber but
apparently anyway so anybody who's ever
has to wear these for like Santa or
anything like that I commend you because
these are hot by the way this for an
hour and a half but here's the best part
where we put all the eggs in the toilet
oh the good news is it's gonna be it's
live actually because it's gonna be
uploaded tomorrow on Saturday and the
videos gonna be up so go check it out
justly give it to her and see what she
does
somebody don't be so delicate with it
hey this is mine alright you steal that
she's got us yep yes little rabbit
little rabbit oh that's a wrap this was
one of my favorite meals in the world
it's eggs and grits with lots of cheese
by the way baby rewind that clip boy
rewind it
we're so fresh
that go play no no no player from right
there wait you and Shay couldn't get it
up
oh let's try to walk in the door when I
edit so we're introducing up to
chatroulette for the first time we gotta
insult them
dude what are you guys are like a
fucking holding there we go right here
on chatroulette what's your name
Morpheus is awesome you found this man
how we celebrate you guys beer pong
left-handed oh that would have been so
cool if it went in hey guys make sure to
check out our new Easter video on
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy you can
click here he's Charles Charles trippin
with Marley Surrey and his fiancee Ally
you can watch a decision
