tomorrow is Mother's Day and we're
having a little party so we need to give
you stuff well we're not going to tell
us about that
Ali told me to look at something I ran
right into one of those polls I'll rock
a purple bike walks right into one of
these things all because of Ali
distracting them he's stuck why get my
mom in your mom paddleboards not sure
he's still playing mom do you want a
paddleboard my mom would rocket she
totally rocket there's a water slide I
think one day we need to ally at the
bounce house we should get like a giant
water flight and put in our backyard we
tried to slip and slide and that just
hurts or someone's going over the
sprinklers only like coming here on
Saturdays so she can get the free food
would you get unheard thing about
just come here and get some free food
okay I mean my grandma is really just
like last time we've got it with
Halley's on shrimp detail I think they
can only trust you with Sharon I think
that's all they're doing oh no it's a
nap you want the map yes you're right
okay
our future kid will have one of these
and then I will play on that every day I
think I'll do the rock pile
I'll do the rough I'm in wall good come
on you guys remember when Ali sent me
out to find some furniture for the house
when we were up here in st. Pete and I
came home with one of these things and
then Tyson little tight
let's do one of those flashback we got
to do more of those things I remember
that was the most fun thing was a random
thing I possibly did
so that's what we got to look forward to
all day today rain rain rain rain rain
rain alley and I've been researching you
know kid names and I feel like we
finally figured out a girl name that we
really fell in love with I got to tell
you but the guy named we're still trying
to figure out I think we're we're on the
fence on a few of them but the thing is
Ali wants one and I want another so we
got to come up with like we should just
combine the name that would actually
kind of fun
I know it's weird is recently we've been
talking so much about baby baby baby
can't you see no but we've been doing a
lot of baby talk I didn't I kind of baby
on the brain he's done baby on the brain
for a very long time he's had baby on
the brain longer than I've had baby on
the brain yeah I feel like you know now
that we're married
let's say you have to have anything
marry I cannot yeah it's kind of fun to
have that next step to be ready for our
next step in our lives you know I mean
it's not that you have to be married to
have to can't because each other its
2017 you know I mean whatever who cares
it's kind of fun talking about these
because I am nervous I think we've
talked about that a lot hell I'm nervous
but talking about like if you're talking
about these things get me excited
it makes me less nervous to say when we
talk about it I mean I'm nervous too but
I mean like the more we talk about it
and the more we kind of make it a real
thing the less nervous we kind of get
it's been kind of interesting how it
totally changed from like our engaged
and we're getting married now we're like
like maybe that would be kind of fun I
don't want your force I felt like such a
child saying like oh it would be fun
this baby but in all honesty would be
really fun to start a family it's kind
of it's it's definitely uh calming for
me to be able to talk about this stuff
and I feel like like I'm losing my mind
or scared and it's rip next to be order
like vent that scent but like talk out
loud to talk to you guys because it's
kind of like after this a million times
you guys are kind of like our free
therapy you know I about that you guys
should be paid you guys should have
definitely be paid guys need a salary
it's kind of nice for us to be a little
because we talk all the time but to talk
and you know talk to people some some
people that we don't know personally and
kind of just vent and have conversations
for you guys so we truly appreciate that
kind of stuff I have better
conversations when do you guys when I do
is less my family is true hey you're not
supposed to be up here she made it all
nice so she can film a video and let's
Marley plan on shooting a video let's go
Alan you said you're uploading your
videos on Monday so Ali's gonna upload
her videos she's a shot yesterday on
Monday forget mother here in my mouth
so this is how you're doing your rainy
day playing a gymnastics game truth is
trouble what do you do on a rainy day
we've been trying to figure it out I
mean we got a lot of things spent today
that we need to get done for tomorrow
well we're kinda close bell ringing I
think it's at 4:30 or 5:00 it's been
like overcast and kind of gross all day
today typically we're constantly busy
and we have something that we have to do
or we have some type of update that we
want to do on how for 50 minutes and 50
minutes outside let's go take the dog
for a walk or something real food we
have like 15 minutes before it starts
torrential downpour when it's raining no
everybody's inside so it's kind of
freaky like your town must be full of
life and vibrant it's like suddenly it
goes down because of the ring or the
snow or whatever maybe where you guys
are at and those ghosts through I'll
sing our town turned into a ghost town
because nobody south because of the rain
they're all over there's like one two
three four five squirrels over there
Marley you're focused on this one
come on button you want to just go get
it
okay okay you're free go you're not
going to get it you just missed that one
mark you're such a ding-dong
I remember that one time she almost got
that score no she tackled a squirrel
where she cackled dit she had no idea
what to do so she just jumped off of it
got scared
come on D let's finish the look sliding
into home duty over here you gonna try
get Wrangell of the squirrel because I
feel funny dude he is
Arius you're not going to get it it's
gonna rain let's go you last try
okay I'm gonna let you if you go as you
can see the rain came and we've barely
made it back to our car just in the nick
of time
I'm trying to make it dramatic okay okay
thank you by the way
one world one storm will they make it
through job to human what will be
outcome squirrel trees rain rain clouds
storm water loud noises bang in tater so
what
yes we're complete please the hardest
game ever ever played there you go
we goes around the bar you got it okay
perfect thank you big red button yeah
exactly
we're not going to make a challenge
video out of this one because I think
it's too damn hard for you yeah nothing
to do this was another game that we got
a playlist live we also got another one
it's actually kind of like a drinking
game which is kind of fun because now I
can actually play these games get better
so against us like SPEA to agenda to do
is game plays been hard at work making
some cake what it's reading which
where's the cake going down remember I
want to pick pick up these I'm gonna
take a piece right now no oh there's
jello I made for some reason I got
really stoked on making jello I know
you've been making a lot it's so easy
here's the trick if you don't want to
wait hours when you're stirring the hot
water in the cold water put some ice
cubes in it and then put it in the
fridge no you know the more you know we
haven't done one of those in a long time
and it will cut it down to I think I got
it maybe in an hour maybe two hours yeah
it was longer so if you want your jello
fix not sponsored all right I will be
what happened
please yeah is it like too much like a
vampire people large grass roof after
that great Wyrley see my buttons if like
Molly
I probably Marley gamma XI I'm gonna
make it crazy salad I'm gonna leave you
with Ali because I gotta go do fun
errands so right now I'm cutting up some
mozzarella got some bowls I'm not going
to kind of some tomatoes and I'm going
to make a separate day salad and I'm
making this delicious parmesan crusted
big chicken sounds so yummy and then I'm
making a cake for tomorrow so I mixed
some really cool colors
there's my delicious caprese salad I
haven't put the balsamic on it yet but I
always like to put avocado in places I
like to have avocado with mine I'm gonna
leave that chicken to get done there is
nothing quite like a home-cooked meal
trying to be a little fancy tonight you
know really go out of my comfort zone
because usually what I make is something
super simple and kind of childlike I'm
like oh make chicken maggots for us and
then we'll have mac and cheese but I'm
trying to step on my game tonight and do
something a little bit I don't know
fancier but I want to do something a
little bit more adult hence why we're
having a cook braise a stud and parmesan
crusted chicken which I don't know why
it would make me an adult but whatever
I'm trying I'm trying here
what are you doing kind of make it Thai
- should dip it what do you want
gotcha
it's so scary mothers out there this
cake is for you
Calgon ugly right now but I'm okay okay
let me just test it big tall I don't do
that okay but it's his master I meant
just getting around the corner I broken
great yeah well my fave acted it I guess
I lied
everybody is the battery issue I swear
it was working where it was looking Oh
get those backwards that's why is art I
got it one before Ali got home it's a
tactic to it I can't remember would I
think I got it now
Sabbath eggs is pretty great I didn't
necessarily get what I wanted but that
was actually kind of cool so once you
finally get it going
it's just slide oh I got it and it's on
camera so gonna lie about it
alright guys on that note I don't think
I can do better I will say good night to
you hope you enjoyed today's video and I
will see you guys tomorrow it happy
mother's day for watching this we're
going to have a Mother's Day party to
tomorrow so I say it again bye bye
everybody one more time
Oh hundred okay now see you guys
tomorrow
