okay so I know we prank you guys
yesterday but guess what today is
actually April 1st who's getting pranked
now
okay honey I'm gonna go get tot oh my
god oh you did your job little spider
that's creepy ally felt bad for scaring
the crap out of me
and like so she got me a little from
Pacino thingy yay
so how's your ears doing I don't know
what's wrong with those ears
last night we started noticing him I
know I won't touch him I think she got
bit she stuck her head basically last
night so I stick her head in the bush
and then I noticed I'm swelling and I
called the vet and they think that she
got bit by a bug so she's on benadryl
right now she's like look around her
faces she's like so sleepy I'm so sleepy
so as you may have noticed Ally is not
in fact pregnant we thought it'd be
hilarious to play an April Fool's joke
but that's the thing about April Fool's
now you can't believe anything on the
internet because some of them are really
good and I'm going to show you some of
the top ones that I saw so far from
yesterday's April Fool so check this out
okay so this was from Funny or Die and
they basically made a Bieber or Die and
I guess Justin Bieber just redid a bunch
of uh I guess famous videos like oh my
god cat B protector the dentist which is
pretty funny I'll have to give it to
them you know it was pretty creative and
gook this is Google Google's is pretty
funny if you go to Google they change
their name to Topeka since you know
Topeka Kansas changed her name to Google
new Starbucks sizes the polenta in the
micro I think it's called
the micro
was actually pretty funny to go to
college humor calm it gives you this
like attention buh bah blah blah
basically college humors in trouble with
the government and then after a couple
seconds I think it'll redirect yeah then
it redirects to the website oh and then
Ben and Jerry's head is the first
virtual ice cream so yeah yes can the
scoop there now you're supposed to I
guess lick your screen you know it's
really funny this seems pretty obvious
to people who are like not gullible but
I wonder I really wish that everyone had
webcams on them like constantly cuz I
want to see how many people actually
went and you know what it does look for
delicious mmm dusty oh and that's right
we can't forget about the YouTube one if
you notice up here at the top the
YouTube logo looks all weird so if you
click it and then you scroll down to the
spotlight it's text P and basically what
it says gives you all these videos you
click one and then it makes basically
the video converts it over here you know
leave it you can select it now here's
the regular video right but then I have
this new option called text P and it
basically converts the video to text
format but using text only mode you are
saving YouTube one dollar a second and
bandwidth costs so that's pretty clever
I don't know that was pretty good but I
think the was last year the year before
where they did like every video on the
featured page was a rickroll that was
pretty good okay so this one really had
me laughing basically see net reported
that the iPad was just apples massive
joke really made me laugh
Google Translate for animals speech into
human vernacular because so many times
it but if I push the speaker button we
can actually hear what Bell is said
oh man Google always comes up with the
best ones so yeah those are just some of
the April Fool's jokes that I found on
the internet from this year if you found
any more put the links or the what they
are and how to find them with the Topeka
search and we'll see which ones so far I
really honestly think as much as I hate
to say it the Bieber die is probably the
best one of 2010 let me know what the
best April Fool's prank on the internet
was in your opinion or just in general
did you do a good one to somebody else
the days not over it's only one o'clock
I'm afraid to go outside somebody like
punch me in the face
proof we'll see that's look that's the
thing I hate when people do like really
bad April Fool's they're just like what
are you doing I hate what do people do
like really bad April Fool's like
they're like hey hey and I really might
hit and I hit you in the face they're
like oh ha ha
April Fool's that's funny or though a
trip you or do something violent that's
that's not clever eesti clay but hey
April Fool's that's not good that's not
know you don't feel good your ears are
all goofy I think you didn't know you
oh no star 67 this is an example of a
bad April Fool's joke
joke's on you Thank You Compeyson on the
way this is Jackie would this be for
dining or carry out I'd like to order a
large pizza okay so a lot of you guys
are having problems uploading with the
whole new YouTube layout with a comment
section and everything last night Shane
that we're trying to get our vlogs up
that's why both of ours were up really
late and he discovered something as far
as uploading so this is what you're
gonna have to do it's a long process so
just click click right here and it'll
take you to our other channel that way
down or everyone who doesn't really care
and it'll tell you how to upload it's
really easy just Firefox so if you want
to figure it out it's right here
hopefully YouTube will get everything
situated in the next couple days but
here's the temporary fix that has worked
for us if you know of any other ways let
us know that definitely would help so we
take Zoey to the vent something's wrong
with her here ever say this morning she
had some sort of allergic reaction don't
really know what's going on so I call
that local place and we're gonna go see
what's up with her her ear balls Oh Zoey
what you do
so Zoey had to get a shot in her butt
yeah apparently I don't know what was
going on with her her ear balls but I
guess they got inflamed does she
probably stuck her head in a bush and
something better she's fine now so we
got a treat for you got a treat for you
April Fool's do you see the gaggle of
geese tomorrow they're just waiting for
you I think talking about peck your head
off
I guess mean I don't like swans I mean I
think they're saying I don't know that
close Bob these are the coolest things
in the world I don't even know what
they're called but watch this when you
uh when you blow him that's what she
says populate populate the planet well
more than Marley's back do you guys even
know what these things are called I just
I just call them blowy white things that
sounds bad though I don't know what they
call sorry look you know this reminds me
of it reminds me of a video Shane I did
a here two years ago basically there's
no way no way to look cool it either
blow one of these or blow bubbles if you
haven't seen that video it's pretty
funny it's like you never look cool it
can't be a man blowing bubbles or
something
it's right here on the screen you can
click it or there'll be a link in the
annotation oh it's on the sidebar
anymore it's in the bottom I won't screw
that up anymore down there so watch that
Oh Shane I shot two videos one was how
big is your wiener and that one see if
you like it
so crazy nature so weird so awesome like
it's so perfect cuz the wind is carries
the seeds everywhere even on Zoe's but I
guarantee one of you guys know hey so I
have really awesome news for you guys
my buddy of ours his name is his Twitter
name is geek utils it's on the screen
has made a CTFxC slash internet killed
television iPhone app and he's gonna
make it for the iPad and stuff and I'm
gonna show you it's free it's gonna be
what it is it's for it's available now
it's 100% free and you'll be able to
catch up with Twitter dailybooth all of
our YouTube channels and everything I'm
going to show you really quick great
right now okay so like I said it's free
so all you got to do is go to the app
store either on iTunes or the App Store
on your iPod or iPod Touch or whatever
iPhone and then go to search at the top
type in CTFxC and it'll pop right up and
you can download it and it's free so
yeah guys go get it I just click it and
it's awesome little load screen and
there we go we got some videos loading
so not only can you just watch a video
but if you go up here to the top and hit
the actions right here you can rate
comment subscribe share it view the
video responses so it's really cool yes
I hope you guys enjoy this we're really
stoked on it it is 100% free so download
it and if you can do us a favor once you
download it rated 5 stars right a little
cool little review if you want that'd be
really awesome and we also have other
iPhone apps the links are below in the
bottom bar so yeah I just wanted to tell
you guys now you could always be
connected even more so these Charles
Charles Trippy with my Lisa Rihanna's
fiancee Ally you can watch my channel
the Internet
