oh I got a package what is it I don't
know what it is
see ya okay
oh that's forgot about those gay mailers
the mail oh it's just what I've always
wanted
hi I'm Zoe you're on a tripod thing so I
got one of these things so I don't have
to hold the camera when I'm driving
there we go summers coming spring trying
to get out of the house hours to bed
kind of acting a little weird today
she's been feeling good somebody get her
some medicine
and all that fun stuff but it's been a
really calm day but really it's like one
of those days where I finally got to
just relax you know like one of those
days when you're like rushing all over
the place and then you finally stand
here like ah like today's just been one
of those odd days and it's been so
awesome that sounds dirty
Oh get it carwash okay check this out
you guys I have no idea what's going on
with my car but I'm idling right now and
the RPMs like they keep revving any
mechanics out there know why it's doing
this like we're not driving anywhere and
it's just going up and down so she said
you can do it bus you can do it yes the
bus has been trying to turn around for
five minutes I'm not kidding so I think
I figured out how to make Aly stomach
feel a little bit better I think she's
gonna be happy about that there now I
have something to calm me down when
Ali's freaking out this doesn't feel
good seriously guys if you're following
me I'm blippi you'll know that I
seriously have now been like bitten by
the starbucks bug the coffee bug because
i I never liked coffee I never liked it
and now I've been getting these coffee
frappuccinos like almost daily I have a
problem seriously go to my blippi Kappa
account it's writing a blippi that comes
on Charles Trippy and look I am
seriously addicted to Starbucks I have a
problem
is there some sort of like Starbucks
Anonymous helpful to help group or
whatever guess it's not really anonymous
clintus I just told like a hundred a
thousand people see I don't know if it's
the Starbucks coffee that's really
awesome or if it's the fact that the
frappuccinos are awesome I haven't tried
all the other things I don't know what's
your favorite type but if you go to
Starbucks what is the coffee usually
again cuz I can't okay here's something
really goofy on this serious
minute-and-a-half rant about coffee
here's a little like tick about me um I
can't drink hot liquids so like I can't
have like coffee so I have to have iced
coffee like any coffee I have is ice
it's really weird but I think coffee
tastes better when it's cold
tell me there's other coffee fiends out
there I mean we have to stick together
that really just talked for a minute and
a half about coffee I think it's the
coffee circle a sure sign that you drink
much coffee you say the word coffee -
coffee much get an email today from the
guys from Victory Records I guess they
like the fact that we've been talking
about their bands so I'm gonna call them
right now
and see what they want thank you for
calling you start it now I do know I
want to talk to somebody
you don't feel good looks like you don't
even have a top on right now feel better
now we get that you'll be better let's
see what this pool is like holy balls
that's cold
are you kidding me there was a sale I
Kate Spade and of course Allie had
here's a fun fact that's actually alleys
and way alleys friends and yeah all the
way from Spain why don't you just use
this bag and send the other one back
this one looks a lot better I think
actually I don't I don't get the the bag
thing that I have one wallet I have one
wallet and I've been using it for years
I have one wallet well just get a black
wallet it matches everything but don't
get it I have one laptop I have one
laptop bail let's see the faces because
are so goofy away from Denmark okay well
it looks like you two finally made the
switch to the new video channel page cuz
I mean like everything else should be
the same yeah this is the same but if
you go to the yep it's a new design I
don't know it's it's gonna take a while
to get used to it I think but I think it
might be for the best I know the like
thing now if you click like it doesn't
do it to your favorites originally I did
it to your favorites now if you just
click like it tells you a like but then
if you go to my account my videos it has
a thing called liked videos now and it
doesn't over here so we just like that
video so it pops right into there so
your thoughts do you like the new layout
or do you like the old one I honestly
think it's gonna get some you know take
some time to get used to but I do think
this one's gonna be more beneficial cuz
the coolest thing is like when you hit
reply it does the lat app username thing
so that's kind of cool and I think I do
like the like or don't like
I don't know versus the five stars cuz I
mean it really was five stars or one
star so makes sense this doesn't go to
favorites let me know what you guys
think in the comments if you can figure
out the new college
like where you do olive oil or what is
olive oil coloring or something take the
food
what are you it's like a flying saucer
fruit is it first so we're at this weird
organic health food store and they have
oh my god almond butter okay this is if
you guys have never had almond butter
almond butter and then cashew butter but
this is how crazy it is a jar it's like
a peanut butter $18 it's so crazy
actually butter exists yes it does
doesn't it it's I think it does oh my
god
direct community nut butter nut butter
do kids even know who Clifford is
anymore that was actually a really weird
cartoon Clifford the giant Red Dog
he was like like a giant like doghouse
mr. Pugsley I want to try some like
really crazy weird food what is that
that's not weird crazy this is awesome
what are these things there's Sun hats
oh wow they're gummi bears
Griet tofu salad that looks delicious
I'm so expensive for just a little Taos
which is that
geez this is where all the kings shop
wait pre-dawn Easter eggs Easter that no
big giant Easter Bunny though that hides
exits by the best part
so Ali's still not feeling good she said
her stomach in her head but she was
throwing up earlier but I'm gonna make
this awesome dinner and then we're gonna
relax and watch that movie defiance with
Daniel Craig I think his name is the
James Bond guy I came out a couple years
ago it looks pretty cool so hate when
she's sick
bad oh yeah yeah there's something in it
for you honey
oh you crazy okay what what
