oh I hate it when people put their dogs
in the back of truck beds it's so scary
what are like let me hit them from the
side or something your dog will become
super dog and flies are there with the
greatest of these and I'll talk to your
little tiny wiener dogs hi little tiny
wiener dogs I like how just because
they're like long people immediately
call them wiener dogs anything long is
now a wiener hi wiener flagpole Congrats
Colleen and Lauren or Cullen and Lauren
it's a boy whoever you are attention
attention may I have all your eyes and
ears to the front of the room if only if
only for one second
papa no remember the rest of the lyrics
so I'll pretending give insert sense I
think are better attention attention may
I have all your ID back to the fall of
the room holy donut drive-thru hey
mister donut man that is it's a
salamander right no painted lizard
waited waited oh look at it reading nom
nom nom so creepy hey he's gonna save
you three hundred dollars on your car
insurance yummy food it's very healthy
yeah I know seriously the turtles eat
better than weed coo coo you like a
place chef salad and I told since we've
been hiking a lot I thought it'd be a
really good idea to get Zoe Marley their
own hiking bag so they can carry their
own shit this is for pets 50 to 79
pounds see Zoe can carry own stuff would
be like they have treats in and they
were like they've life jackets padded
freshest seriously I want to get this
here see if this fits you this isn't
like camelback it's not like water no I
know their water in it yeah you put the
water in it you can they can carry their
own leash get it poured a bowl and it's
a portable portable right it said that
backwards Ali just sitter what was
nothing called cnet the comparison yeah
mines pod for the drawer Janna scanner
screaming
look at its forty dollars here she found
it for eight amazon cannon google
instant seriously okay who agrees that
google is the real version of Skynet who
else thinks that google will become
skynet in another five years like we're
gonna have like evil t1000 coming after
us we all need to be on the good side of
google what you find it just looks
stoned it's like oh my god baby look
it's the jim breuer of dogs it's so they
can see out the window it's a booster
seat barlean's over gonna be so annoyed
I see Ali and I spent what three hours
cleaning dog hair out the start this is
our way of trying to keep the dog hair
down no no what do you think let's skype
it's like a chest protector it's
actually pretty comfortable if I was a
dog I'd want that okay now trying to get
out of it who's gonna be the funny part
cuz my head so big that's right oh my
lord he's not gonna be able to get out
do you really need help should I help
you instead of standing by I'm laughing
at you two guys laughing Charlie ok
these people think my fianc√©'s and boom
that didn't happen look maybe it's a
safari get up I'm gonna get through all
right we made it if we look carefully we
might see the elusive Allosaurus Oh nope
that's not the Allosaurus hello how's it
going boom cacti did it really hurt if
you like oh my gosh this one looks
really li dare you touch this one that's
it doesn't hurt you're such a pussy
plant it's a wiener cactus it's a penis
plan
hey so loving that was a cool but look
it even has a different color top it's
spiky like one aren't all penis is spiky
keen eyes these are really pretty though
it's like Hellraiser can anyone name
this plant and a famous movie I thought
it all oh he didn't do that though did
you oh it's like no it's so it's alive
can we can grow put it right back in
it's fine oh wow sounds really cool know
what that looks like that looks like the
meanie coyness they put in Chinese food
okay penis oh it looks like a sweet
gherkin like green it's like a pickle
just rip it off Annie mr. Grinch is
Venus we were talking about this earlier
how everything looks like penises
because they're long yep look it's the
famous Allosaurus Cinzia
oh no she's hiding maybe we let's try to
get a little closer look the Allosaurus
likes to wear hippie skirts and put our
hair up in the grades GL's the lazy
orchids that on our spare time I think
they like to play video games like
Bioshock look at that what a beautiful
specimen
maybe for going for a closer look she
doesn't even see him Oh respond it Oh
put your seatbelt on Marley yeah okay
get Zoey's on she okay the putt the dog
seatbelt sounds like a crazy stupid
thing actually ties in to the beginning
of this video remember okay here's a
little story driving down the highway
person in front of me in a little Jeep
had a dog doing a trailer the trailer
was swerving back and forth trailer
jackknifed like this going down the
interstate and took out the Jeep and the
Jeep tumbled so I pulled over to make
sure everyone was okay everything was a
fine blah blah blah but I talked to the
paramedic there and the he said that the
only reason why the dog survived was
because it was wearing a seatbelt
otherwise it would've been flow it would
have flung out flew out and superb and
out of the car so immediately I went and
bought them little dog seatbelts so it
sounds stupid it does it sounds really
stupid but it makes sense yep marlies is
funny cuz here is called Easy Rider so I
bet buckle that sounds cool easier hey
lowrider lowrider God Charles is that
another vlog with your dogs oh it's
another dog vlog yeah what of it wanna
fight your face wanna fight about it oh
no it's Zoe if she's in a vlog oh no
it's Marlee is she's in a vlog that's
that's totally not acceptable Charles
dog vlogs are in a laugh sorry I'm just
making fun of us a couple people see
their works just like a regular seat
belt oh look it's the Allosaurus again
she's talking to one of one called mar
oh look there's the other sources dogus
or i think it's called those doors it
tends to lick its own but this is very
rare let's see if we can sneak up on it
oh and there's the Morris Torrance she
said to us wait what is going on where'd
it go what is the up I think it's
playing
oh it moved Braun is Dallas ah I don't
know tomorrow sores
he's Charles Charles champion with
myleeza Rihanna's fiance alley you can
watch my channel ready in decision from
the internet
