well I guess we really did kill the
television spring is here oh that was a
no some popping music right there so
since we killed television like how is
that again oh is this
mark person there oh that guy's even
smarter what do you do when you hear
sirens hey I'm my face hope so since
that whole digital cable revolution
where the world is becoming awesome
cable I whatever you know like we're
basically basic cable you need a little
HD box or digital cable box anyway we we
don't watch TV very much um so we watch
Comedy Central and NBC that's about it
so we have to get this like a little
doodad converter thing that puts our
little basic cable to digital cable
because we don't have one of those boxes
jiggle p yeah Allie had the piece so she
just ran into firehouse else did you at
the mayor of firehouse I know I'm just
lying I'm bluffing but I mean really i
don't i don't need television that's i
need a TV to watch movies um but i mean
i watch hulu so i get to see the office
and 30 rock and it's always sunny and
all my favorite shows so really cable is
kind of useless I actually I they Daily
Show that's it that's the only daily
daily show thing that I actually watch
it's really interesting because in the
past it seems like the younger
generation used to watch more TV but
ever since the internet the younger
generation is watching who less and less
TV and spending more and more time on
the internet and I killed television
sorry shameless plug so I want you guys
to think before the internet before you
had the internet um how much time how
many hours did you spend watching
television now think now when you have
the internet and think of how many times
you watch television and then compare it
and then write in the comments so when I
was little I probably watched six to
eight hours of television you know for
like nick nick toons think of Bigelow
Tea and stuff and now if I was what like
like I'd say about maybe an hour half an
hour to an hour of television now since
the invention of the internet Thank You
Al Gore by the way does it look really
weird that I shaved it looked like I had
a giant bear on my face all that again
it may be it has to do with like the
fact that like cartoons and TV shows now
kind of suck because what
I was growing up I had a doug i had
written Stimpy rocko's modern life and
all that um snick are you afraid of the
dark and now we have what like Dora the
Explorer and that's it and a lot of like
weird cartoons that look like toy story
like all 3d animated I hope one day they
put Rocco on DVD that'd be awesome think
you got a sink big big big big big big
big think big big thing big city oh
thank you like Sonic all right thank you
here's an open bag of chips already take
take care oh thank you well bye okay
kiss my head's gonna rain hurry oh that
kayak is evil looking what was your
favorite cartoon growing up Tom and
Jerry my severe rocco and uh well we
will are we talking looney tunes are no
no i'll talk about worry time growing up
cartoons was like no i'm talking about
as a kid what was your favorite cartoon
I'm gay Tom and Jerry mine has to be
rocco and ren and stimpy i think awesome
God account that's claymation that's
stop animation at school was your
favorite if you guys can EV I say
spongebob I'm going to flick you in the
nose no I was in the hallway and I was
just reading before my pop and I burped
and I was leaning against this like
hollow wooden things with resonated
really loud it was like I was so
embarrassed it was one of those like
unexpected like I thought I just can't
stop a burp nobody ever get so Weaver's
I drink too much and it's like you're
drunk you're drunk in class wasted
hammered on sweetie I gotta go right
alright so I gotta go get a extension
cord but I was funny like every time I
go to place like Lowe's or Home Depot it
just like ups my testosterone level so
that I feel like a man
that's so stupid to say I'm totally
kidding this every time I come here I'm
super confused wait I don't need paint
electrical uh-huh I never realized that
there's that one's pink I never realized
why would you make the call extension
cord like pink like all right to people
that come to these places like manly men
cuz I mean you're not gonna be like oh
let's buy a pink exception cable you
know that's not very manly although pink
is the new black forgot about that no
you know what lapis is the new black
lowes is one of those few when you sign
something on one of those stylist pads
it'll print your like signature on the
receipt and what I like to do is I like
because a lot of times they don't look
at what you're writing so this time i
wrote Chuck Norris as my signature and
she actually saw it she looked at me she
goes Oh Chuck Norris huh man I'm such an
idiot good thinking no one on the
internet is gonna see this okay so this
is not an endorsement you guys this is
just effing badass okay it's called a
petty racers by Bissell and went to
bestbuy and okay you see all that hair
right there all that Zoe hair now watch
this
if it comes radar
it's America so at the risk of sounding
incredibly lame I just have to say
shampooing carpet oh yeah it's totally
awesome it's right up there with
vacuuming I'm so domesticated this is
from Dory from Venice Florida why do you
men have nipples hundreds of questions
you'd only ask a doctor after your third
martini let's see some of these
questions I want you with that some of
these are sealed see it see your ears
really make you mmm what causes morning
breath why do you men have nipples there
it is numbers page 61 61 see here why do
men have nipples this is what it says it
says we are mammals and blessed with
body hair three middle ear bones three
middle ear bones and the ability to
nourish our young with milk of the
females produce in modified sweat glands
called memory glance although females
have the memory yet glance we all start
out in the similar way in the embryo
during the development the embryo
follows the female template until about
six weeks when the male sex chromosomes
kicks in for male embryo oh so that's
why we have wait does that mean we come
from women so women are inherently
better I guess what does it mean that's
true okay maybe it means women yeah yeah
why do you cigarettes have a laxative
effect I didn't so cigarettes make you
poop why is poo brown y despue float why
does poo stink if the food doesn't can
you get scared to death can you die from
choking on your own vomit like the
drummer from spinal tap actually the
drummer from spinal tap that's wrong
didn't he just blow up he would just
blow up where does gas go when he what
you know where it goes mm-hmm where's it
go it goes other places in your body and
that's why you get like pain sometimes
oh so lesson always part why do you see
stars when you were hit in the head get
out 185 185 it always happened to wile e
coyote coyote the road it's actually a
sign of a concussion so yeah for a wile
e coyote always had a concussion she got
in that checked does the kind of
Underpants men where I've affect their
fertility what causes shrinkage oh man
ken poppy seeds make you test positive
for heroin let's try that one why do you
get the munchies when you're stoned
answer to keep dominoes and frito-lay in
business is it dangerous to pop sets
this book rules silly Jeff Goldblum is
gonna be on Jimmy Fallon you excited so
it's jeff goldblum jacobo chuckle boom
to go home Zoe's got the perfect seat so
she can watch her hero Jeff Goldblum
okay you stoked
it's daddy passed out with his phone as
usual you guys are so cute good night
these Charles Charles trippin with my
Lisa Rihanna's fiance alley you can
watch my channel buddy indecision from
the internet
