yeah your doggie boyfriend down there
you have a Merry strays nice he doesn't
do anything bad right except go through
the trash you do that to do that too
let's think I don't even while your tail
look at her she's about now oh here
comes a little devil dog what do you
want did you just hear this okay draggin
us all shopping for dragon is all
shopping we got to Ali's now let me go
in my mom shopping I'm gonna go find a
frappuccino found it
sweet victory
you get a plain coffee I did yeah
wait look at is that is delicious
looking
it's like the most perfect
happen or just melt iron pardon a tip it
now
wait I don't get it how can things be
like to 90 95 99 I thought this was a
dollar store like what's the difference
between a dollar general and a dollar
store like got generally a dollar oh I
love that it's awesome curtains I think
so I don't think I've seen one thing
that's actually a dollar I guess is
where you can get to your drug bags huh
all the drug bags that was really weird
I guess if you want to put your pennies
in there or something you know your
trinkets yeah it's for your buttons and
your sewing stuff not drugs it's a PCP
station with Mario look at this it's a
phony printed box of the strap perfect I
want to buy this is real bad this is oh
it's a Marley sighs skateboard like the
size of my foot I want to get this hit I
just don't know how to get her to ride
it color is Dora make you Beauty healthy
trusted make you Beauty healthy for men
and women neoprene trimmer series can
retain Bowie he generated form exercise
and elevate perspiration ala healthy
beautiful slim waist similar on TV not
as seen on TV I kind of need to get that
just to have it I love when they
translate things shows loving concern
the pet every one day so how do you even
know what that's supposed to even mean
if you were to like reworded like okay
shows love and concern on everyone's PET
way shows loving concern for your pet
every day maybe that's what supposed to
be
you have no idea I think show your pet
love every day too many girly smells
ally ally I walk to the video game store
has gone to the video game store
hey guess what guys I just became the
mayor of abercrombie and fitch on
foursquare it's so smelly in here I
could fart no one would know and too
loud
Iowa State no one knows look at that
bechstein sex day
alright JLo
take that alley who did we find first
off I gotta say it's an awkward place to
be found Victoria's Secret yeah i was
playing on my phone and we found this
tracer on him very cool name yes more
than us you guys should have a show
father the father in Victoria's Secret
house a little dude a little weekend
shopping it was nice to meet you guys so
it's a good thing I wasn't like lifting
up underwear or something awkward right
oh that you know that needs to be
adjusted right there or something like
that what is wrong with that girl's lips
mostly you're like what lips on that
that one right there oh it's the creepy
Easter Bunny you should go ask him with
the bring any chocolate he does have
human hands it doesn't make a lot of
sense just wearing like a white cotton
gloves they're just not trying anymore
you should go sit on the big giant
creepy rabbit lap that's Ally's favorite
isn't that scary she looks like she can
I kick your ass like with my volleyball
so cute oh I told it became the fair of
Gordo's take that so let's recap I
became the mayor of gamestop abercrombie
and fitch and Gordo's all in one day how
many places have you become mayor today
neither am i he never shows the part
where like I crack a mean joke and then
I go back and making a bitchy comment
well it was also check out my my town so
my time is worth forty seven point four
million dollars how much is your time
worth that's right i own your town is a
province in my town are you guys on this
my town thing should add me that's
really easy to find Charles Trippy
sounds like second life which is
building
ali spilt a drink spilt it built this
building well it doesn't really matter
cuz scored another Charles was rights
point right here oh oh I got the sensor
that color that is twice of one day was
it like Charles is right twice yeah you
turn that off where's the crunches true
whoa oh I'm stoked on that I'm so stoked
on that look who's here hello so we a
new hat I'm just putting that hat on
everyone you're next right we got a
giant study session go in here colossal
alias speaking in tongues fastest is a
man agent movement that believes the
material world to be the evil result of
a fall from here spiritual existence
well you said and studying what Mustang
what you didn't I am going to take a 26
question credit quiz on Christianity in
15 minutes alright I don't I get a 0 and
you guys are support anybody knows about
this wanna help me leave it in the
comments thing you guys want to take
Alice quiz you
that'd be so funny that would be
whatever they would know they would help
me they've use google but there's no
time there's never any time he's Charles
Charles Trippy with my Lisa Rihanna's
fiance alley you can watch this channel
ready in decision from the internet
