good morning grumpy alright guys I have
the best idea ever and if you guys know
anybody from Christmas Krispy Kreme
forward we need to make an iPhone app or
a nexus apps
oh we got a pause for a second that's it
there's a mint green that's a cool car
so what this is my idea this is my
million dollar idea for Krispy Kreme
make an iPhone app or a nexus Android
app that what it'll do is it'll find
your GPS location and it'll set up a
push notification and I'll ping your
phone when hot donuts are around see in
this case up its all white there we
would know that there's no donuts so
that is my suggestion Krispy Kreme and
if you do it I want to beta test hello
puppy hello Bobby hello this is the new
thing Marling everytime you're mean
you're going on your back on your back
so we're going hiking
Zoey Marly taking us hiking mission so
anybody who lives up in Tallahassee or
any what antlion antlion
it's flying yeah it's like the thing
from Star Wars like where it like yeah
yeah I think it's what they call the big
with Java the height goes down you gonna
try to go through it I'll be over there
you should have taken two she's gonna
catch something like are you trying to
kiss her fish just you are going to fall
I can't tell if that was in the fall
first because she's wearing sneakers or
if you're gonna fall because you're not
wearing sneakers Zoey get back this way
good job you did it - she's one with
nature you stink like pond water we
discovered a new part of the woods
oh snap is there a train coming oh god
I'm gonna kill myself oh my god this is
cool oh yes they don't want us here do
they
is that for me there are shells
everywhere the snail shells Oh gotcha
jerk I think you're the one eating all
the snails
get the GPS location
wait devs going down - oh Jesus
Evans are you going to the fun part is
going up and she'll roll into Ali Ali
gave up gonna get up in an alley
struggling to climb a tree behind I know
seriously you're like a monkey down
there take a little billy goat
she's like boning you guys on this look
liveing thing Lo and when I know Wow
Marley do not go down there again so a
lot of you guys ask why O'Malley's
always doing the dangerous stuff and the
crazy stuff two reasons one Alley has
health insurance and I don't and two
it's mainly her ideas so cute it's
pretty I put it through his ear hole
that's as she said no color compliments
just skin tone purple yeah looks great
white Charles can pull off purple better
than most people actually he wears a lot
of purple first but
no hot women nope sorry
looking good misty cream goddess
we do know your elephant tell us what
you're doing what do you do now
Ali's installing a fan she wants to be
Tim Allen or Tim Taylor at Tim Allen no
no no what do you don't know these are
smaller wire nuts what I have to be
precise and now she's wiring it so I was
cleaning um I was vacuuming and I
vacuumed up Marley's favorite toy and I
went and looked for it and I finally
found it somebody sent it what are you
guys it's called
well this is the good one hers was the
evil one it's called cuz I guess by JW
pet company it's a specific dog toy and
what's not knowing is yeah it's a
favorite toy and I felt so bad it ruined
it so oh it was really funny I walked in
I'm like yeah he has a JW pet company
it's called the other and it's evil one
I knew the exact toy and they're just
like wow you've know your talk boys like
oh man doesn't know yeah your favorite
toy I just got dissed good
nope you bitch are you happy Marley yeah
I'm sorry I ran it over with a vacuum
even though we filmed every single thing
in our life we always miss the good
things we were just talking about if
this fans too low and just as we were
discussing it Ally lifted her head up
and almost chopped her head off it was
almost funny it would've been funny if
we were recording now we're just
concerned that you might have a
concussion
are you concussed it's Earth Hour lights
out wait isn't it kind of okay as
something I noticed about the Earth Hour
thing today yesterday when you guys
watch this today for right now isn't it
would it be classified as irony that
people are tweeting with the hashtags
earth hour during Earth Hour would that
could be classified as irony I
understand the work the the definition
of irony I'm like Alanis Morisette ok
lights out I'll see you guys in an hour
you
well that was a fun blackout at least
sent me to try to get some food we were
gonna watch the movie The Informant it
was New Moon and I want to get some
awesome food make some cool great
awesome snacks to celebrate the fact
that we celebrated Earth Day by
celebrating turning off our lights did
you guys celebrate Earth Day or did you
forget that people for shame other
people behind me or is the coast clear
okay I really honestly think Ally puts
like fake non-existent things on here
just to like mess with me play it cool
play cool didn't see us Oh take that
Kobe well I got everything except Ali's
fake stuff for her dog baloney
her light bulbs that have sent
everything oh shit my car here's an
interesting question will you guys go to
the grocery store any store that has
like shopping carts I use the type of
person that leaves them on the side over
there you know or do you bring it back
to the little front of the store there
is why I say it's interesting is because
okay there are people that's their job
they go out and get it so they get paid
for it so if you bring it in are you
taking money from them or are you
helping them hmm I really think of some
weird things Oh No excuse me by the way
what the heck is going on with a Sandra
Bullock both Bullock Bullock Bullock
Ballack go through the checkout line and
like it was nothing but Sandra Bullock's
Bullock no it's like one of those things
like never know if I'm saying it right I
never follow this celebrity gossip the
only celebrity gossip I ever follow is
YouTube celebrity gossip like real
Hollywood celebrity gossip I don't give
a crap but YouTube gossip ooh I'll eat
that stuff up with
fork look what Ali found what looking
through the closet my old sidekick you
guys who owned one of these this is pre
I phone you were super cool like make a
phone call hold on hello all the people
who have iPhones probably had a sidekick
cuz you'd be like you'd be like oh I got
a check someone on the internet hold on
but you can check anything on the
Internet you can just look on AIM look
at it look at the that's all you can do
is the messenger email it's Charles
Charles Trippy but marley's oh yeah nice
fiance a highly you can watch him on his
channel avoid and this is you can see
internet killed television
