yeah the cameras not broken so Ali's
parents are actually coming up to visit
they haven't seen the new place so I
vial is in class I'm cleaning up a
little bit but I keep getting distracted
by the Beverly Hillbillies you guys
remember that show it was so bad it is
so bad but I can't turn it off it's like
a car accident you know like a really
bad car accident where you just can't
look away so I want to go test drive
over Sadie's Benz and some BMWs maybe a
Range Rover see the thing is I can't
just go in my normal t-shirts I have to
get my fancy stuff what do you guys
think should I wear a vest should I wear
a vest see my best see my vest or should
I just wear like a regular button up
with a tie or something or what do you
think should I just wear CTFxC for
haters fatigue on a fancy shirt going to
impress somebody yes I have to put on a
fancy shirt otherwise they won't believe
me I should go as like an oil tycoon or
something yeah was your dad oh my dad
yeah he owns Exxon Exxon Mobil yeah he's
a he's a world of sheiks you know that I
have like 15 wives I was vlogging you
gotta get fancy we get dressed you look
like a hobo you look like a hobo they
won't let you drive anything in that I'm
just kidding you look like a hobo
all right what'd you guys think
you think I'd pass we got this we have
to look like new money so we have to
look like the the type of people that
yeah we're super duper freakin rich man
but we just don't care that's why I wear
cutoff
ants right Zoey this is gonna be fun
exactly just stepped on this
oh she's like I like this song it's a
very good song is that copy written crap
hey Ally we gotta have fake names I want
to be original sassafras what do you
want to be Scarlett's a surprise we're
the surprises fastest that's totally
believable and Zoey's a surprise that's
two that's two her we should be test
driving Bentley's with a name
you see moon Zoey's not the past it was
morally step surprise sorry it's your
names Belvedere no offend well you set
the fries why do you have your butt on
that pillow that's better
let me end
Selene oppresses sassafras sir but what
was your name damn it Zoe sassafras shut
the sassafras out oh you bitch steady
enough sassafras what was your name I
forgot what it was very beautiful in GD
what does it match it's green
I even know that your hair's fluffy
today that's a good thing if you guys
says your hairs lucky it's the same as
curly it's not a bad thing jeez did you
say hi to the UPS guy again tried to go
in the truck with him huh I can't go
with everyone Zoe I know you like people
but you you you live here so surprised
Oh Third Eye Blind yeah I guess that's a
Oh a gyp central I don't know time to
try a Benz and a BMW
these guys might be a little bit more
pushy but the sass process already for
us oh shit so we are going the wrong way
let's see here they all look the same I
don't know what the difference is
do you guys see the pollen this is why
I'm like sneezing and sick bird okay
everyone making fun of me being sick for
like a month it's because of all this
pollen you can see them of the
blackguards really easily huh so we've
been here for five minutes and no one
has come out to help us so I guess we
don't look that professional on like it
I thought I'd look pretty put on that's
pretty professional but probably like
those little kids those punks
damn it even comes look it comes with a
gas cap of guzzler tax that's always
nice one hundred one thousand dollars
fifteen miles per gallon that's terrible
everything is just it's in a different
way from any other court car that you
drive okay I mean just to go to park you
got neutral right here and then you hit
this button P now you're in Part B
you're going and I didn't know what to
do that's pretty they cluttered over
here okay I just like how it comes out
there that's really
okay okay so you have to pull it back
hitting the unlined and then it goes
back to normal and that's Drive and then
the park you just hit the park foot how
this accelerates
how's it feel it's really smooth yeah we
drove one of the TDI is a VW draws the
seat all the way back beautiful okay so
I just drove a $70,000 car I was a bit
nervous on that one
what do you think you like that that's
beautiful our guy was really nice but
the the manager was he was really nice
too but it was he left those you know
those type of people like where you're
you know
car salesman but you leave awkward
pauses so then I have to think of things
to say and I'm just like oh yeah it's
great I didn't know what to say so
there's a lot of awkwardness now we're
gonna go try to yet adjust because we
want to move forward
Toyota maybe they'll give us a good deal
should I ask him if they're uh they're
breaking gas metals these are yesterday
or the other day I said Ford I goofed up
I'm sorry
I met Toyota so I'm starting to get you
know like it at one point where you're
just looking at cars you just opted out
that's the thing yeah it's like when I'm
shopping for shoes with Ali or all√©es
shopping with shoes I'm just like all
right by that freaking shoe I love to go
shoe shopping I mean let's go to Range
Rover
you can only park here if you're dog
driving Ali no dahak's okay no we
already have two jerks at home no
going to the puppies dream shop they are
cute which one that one's crazy okay
that's a little too far yuppie dog place
I've ever gone to really that's so funny
I didn't know they had doggy Pappas's
live and learn I guess holy crap look at
this so we played these guys in our vlog
once Victory Records sent us the special
edition of the data remembers new album
now I can go I could never be in a
hardcore band it makes me throw it all
yes
smells like table oh my god it's like
beauty queen what's happening what is
happening right now there's beauty queen
and nobly dressed people Ali totally
lost the bed shape doesn't matter
yeah doesn't matter so as my reward for
winning and being completely awesome I
get a burrito
you lost the sweet taste of victory
I always get this phobia where she can't
eat end the thing yeah they need it at
the end she won't eat the end of like
pizzas or anything like that you know
it's just a weird but all like work you
have watch my hands every five seconds
sandwiches and Fritos what's the
weirdest quirk you have though is that
your boyfriend
anyone know what game is this from it's
like my whole world is 3d when wearing
these glasses isn't that kind of crazy
look out your 3d well Zoe your 3d it's
pretty Zoe so crazy you feel their
dimensional
wait what are you eating Marlee bouche
that's where it came from
if you've never seen frisky dingo you
guys the DVDs are super cheap buy them
they're worth it woosh woosh my mom
especially reading green eggs and ham I
really wanted to get her a really good
yeah maybe I did
so Zoe's boyfriend came to hang out for
a little bit and he's been taking out
all the toy
you having fun Dre no we don't have a
thing like the Bloods are you serious
that counts are you kidding
so we got an answer we got John our
neighbors we're good we're taking the
beer-pong points a game is you have to
have reflexes a little bit faster than a
snail all of these people are they
they go what you say go okay formulate a
plan just wait
they're definitely sneaky so you've made
three of the four cups
I suck it just came for real only one
cup left I'm just like warn the gaming
Redemption I'm sorry guys channel the
power or just wins like Jesus head
Academy you really don't understand she
has never won a game of beer pong I
don't think ever my partner was there
yeah I have never won this game
barley belly
these Charles Charles champion with more
leisurely and his fiancee Ally you can
watch this channel we need a decision
from the internet
