get in Starbucks cuz I'm sleepy
oops that's in the way cuz I'm sleepy I
need a Frappuccino
don't call me Tino do I really need
ureter though I got a property you know
I guess you can call me tea you know
raining that sucks cuz I'm Ellie and I
want to go test drive some Mercedes and
BMWs just for the hell of it and I want
to try it because they have an audio D
is it out e or Adi or eighty Adi Adi the
AUD I you know they have a TDI as well
cuz I like the VW I don't know we're
really really liking the those the Jetta
like TDI but if I get it you know if we
got a Jetta and I drove it does that
make me a girl Jenna thank over cars
right go away rain giant stone
amphitheater
the cop wants to play cannot believe you
this distant that's a greatest band ever
you a know they are here it's fun it
wasn't Thursday
no that's yesterday though no shame oh
shit
I would be third-base going on with the
bank run
it was roped off I have no idea what's
going on this is Charles and Alan
reporting from inside our car there is
currently a rain and bank robberies I
know we're gonna go check out the
Oriental market from the old vogs
it's like this thing with a marble and
you pop it down and tastes like sugar
water sugar water get the aloe drink hmm
that looks interesting
dried oyster mushroom hello panda I'm
just a panda bear sexual harassment
panda that's they shouldn't make some
game using cocaine no that's good it's
like red bean paste with I don't even
put the eyes on it that's so strange I
dare to eat that eat it
see I love their packaging it's always
like so fun it makes everything even
like meat all happy this is like usually
what the cartoons the candy butts squid
these are all ramen these are all like
ramen right
didn't realize there's this many ramen
I'm just used to the 25 cents one yeah
do you aim a bit it's really funny
because it's like 10 seconds 20 second
long videos and it's all different like
ramen noodles just Google just Google on
YouTube or Google on YouTube though look
on YouTube for just like ramen noodle
review I guess then you'll see it I
really want you to try the fish oh well
you can eat bamboo I didn't know that
but
what is that sushi
lots of chopstick thing it's not you
just stab what am i apparently that's
really disrespectful I just don't know
how to do that I really support yeah I
know I'm that guy yeah your stuff what
you get what is that what does that mean
you use body you don't even know what it
is transcribe what this says
seems a little harder than normal it
looks like steel french fries it's what
it looks like it like a food is it what
it tastes like I don't think it's like
when you you know it's like no you know
it's like this it's like if you were
like you're to clean your car and you're
like oh look there's a french fry my car
how old is that and then then you eat it
and then you realize it's a two months
old you're gonna spill it everywhere
it's me I guess this kid proof I can't
that's forever whatever you can see
right here and then the ball just sits
there in the ergonomically designed
bottle so that the ball doesn't go in
the hole one year thinking that so she
said I would suck if you actually
swallowed that couldn't fit through that
she said have you seen one of these a
Nissan Cube I feel like I should go over
and tell them they have an ugly car that
is like the ugliest car I've ever seen
it should I tell him tell him I
apologize if you own one of those cubes
I apologize for several reasons no it's
probably just Nissan's like competition
the Scion xB like I feel like that's
kinda yeah Scion tC burl we gotta get
burl size EC burl
no one probably knows what I'm talking
about how he's like the first thing
after I say hit the stop record button
she's like you had coffee didn't you I'm
like no you're gonna slip and fall on
your head
inside a 5d
that might be the that's the one we're
looking at
alleys and love
oh man Justin Bieber
and Ludacris
that's design fail yeah really I mean
that's pretty I think the same find
everything so I always told Charles to
put this on this wrist wrap it's running
in the rain with it I don't know if it's
going to be on the video card I don't
even know if the video cards going to
work the sound it dropped it in a puddle
and it just it slid across the concrete
in a puddle mind you it also doesn't
have the skin on it that I bought
scratch I'm getting all the water out
things ruined I just hope that the foot
is still there that's all I care about
good news everyone the footage is at
least saved I'm standing it on to alex
computer now and just in case of
short-circuits
now he's drying the camera I just
learned a valuable lesson for all you
you camera toters out there no you
necessarily have to listen to them to at
least do this though use the lanyard
that was already on there and I just
forgot these it was raining and I brain
wasn't thinking correctly yep brain all
men's brains shuts down
all right moment of truth it worked
right oh my gosh we'll see where it
cooked the collapse oh it didn't even
record it it didn't record it that sucks
I dropped it for no reason let's do it
again again okay so I think I officially
broke our other camera running through
the rain and dropping in a puddle I
don't know I'm gonna give it it's
actually soaking in rice I took out all
the components the battery in the card a
number card and stuffed into white rice
close it so it absorb everything I don't
know if you guys know any other tricks
to make sure it'll sort circular or
anything so I'm using a Lee's camera
right now and fingers crossed so the
camera might be dead but here's the good
news got stuff to make calzones
I'm gonna teach you guys how to make
awesome calzones before looking at me
weird is it really strange that I'm
walking around with a camera that's
strange right mmm looks really slimy you
could try to cut it only you would try
to like rip it like a like a phone book
so you have to need you have to need the
calzone over cornmeal so it doesn't
stick this is Ali's cooking vlog pretty
heat that love into 400 degrees and then
knead that dough play with that dough
flip it up see if you can do it
see Zoe's all-time favorite treat
there you go yeah if I try to give
Marley one she won't do it see here why
don't my boy like nope that's not food
oh by the way somebody sent us a link to
this new shirt that is available from
top pause oh my god at Petsmart
I ordered it last night so I'll show you
guys the second it gets here you're
probably gonna pee yourself laughing you
will you're guaranteed to pee yourself
live to melt some butter a little bit of
garlic and you're gonna coat the dough
ball at least it makes sense to me to do
that we were actually we have no idea
what we're doing we're just pretending
here's the most crucial step Wow Ali's
coating the dough if you're over 21 you
get a beer and you're proceeded to get
crunk to make cooking a lot more fun
right you get apple juice you don't get
blueberry juice it's good to be of age
in the United States or 16 and the what
is the 16 Spain that's the cheese filled
smorgasbord so I always putting some
dollops of ricotta on some mozzarella
then you just gotta fold it over like
this are you gonna make a smiley face oh
it's like a fortune cookie
no that's it you guys then you plop it
on the cookie sheet once that's ready
and you cook it for probably about 15-20
minutes I'd say I'm gonna live a little
bit dangerously I'm gonna put some
spinach fresh chopped adeno and some
banana peppers is it true that like when
you get older you you like spicier
things cuz you don't like it Ali like
she hates everything that I eat that
spicy cuz when I was younger I hate
spicy stuff I really I hated spicy
things but as I got into maybe about 21
or 22 I started really like I would just
eat jalapenos like watch this
maybe it's not that beard watch this
I'll just like seriously I'll give eat
fresh like see I'll just eat regular
jalapenos he's Charles Charles champion
with Marley's army and his fiancee Ally
you can watch a decision
