let's put to sleep I hate it hey woods
asleep never oh okay
its back oh my god my car just stopped
working at a stoplight so now this
really nice guy is trying to help me
my car literally died and I just pushed
it through an intersection in neutral
that was probably the funniest thing
that has ever happened oh joy okay so I
got it started ran for about 30 seconds
and pooped out again so here I am suck
across the street from my church
so I'm going to pick up Ali cuz her car
died so I gotta find out where she's at
she did not pick up her phone
apparently died as she was driving she
had to like push it out of an
intersection and if you guys have seen
Ali in real life
she's tiny and she is that what does a
Grand Marquis it's not there here's a
Grand Marquis so it's a big car for our
little girl to be pushing as bad as it
sounds I wish somebody was recording
that so she said she's on the corner of
Tennessee in Martin Luther King bad news
is I have no idea where I think I'm on
Tennessee and why I'm on Tennessee okay
so they find him okay
all right that's a big giant circle
haunt in okay I'm okay
wow this is actually and there's the tow
truck right there and what was its a
least a truck this was the member
yesterday when there was a car that was
flipped upside down this was actually
the intersection right here tend to see
them okay that's kind of weird
there's alley right there there she is
haha poor Howie
I
we gotta go car shopping now
there she goes
poor baby
what are you doing
I don't want to get a new car like my
car break in your cars
I had this car for like what a year
girls can't drive
because I didn't drive it actually or
Tayla Nellie's car how you feeling right
now I think there's a hole in your
transmission or something too and Jan
well there are there should be holes in
your engine pistons and the rods that
fire and combust and Stella there's I
don't know I know nothing about cars I
just know how to make one Drive and that
sense not to amazing either and in a
barber shop this is sketchy so we're
gonna go test drive some cars what's
gonna do a VW first and then we're gonna
go test drive a Maserati and a Viper and
perhaps a Bentley because that'd be fun
so we're gonna go test our some cars
just because it'll be fun
alright so our question to you what are
some cool cars that we should try
looking at since we're now in the market
for a car should we go a VW so we go
Hyundai should we go forward wanna get a
Ford okay let's get four words and then
we'll race them and see if the pedals
don't let go off or something like that
what I don't know I'm thinking maybe
maybe
well no cuz vwz they what's the one
that's kind of a curious one is it's
between the Jetta and the grandma car
they have do you know what I like what
is the one or it's like a sports luxury
can is it a Passat those are pretty nice
but though I think the VW rabbits are
pretty sweet
does that make me a girl no it makes me
a girl doesn't it no let's go try some
cars on for size
hatchback oh it does have a hatchback
all right there's the Kia and I think
the Hyundai one is down here
you want to go test-drive a Hyundai what
about that Brown and Asaph that brown
one right there it's pretty sweet
I want another black one right there
let's go
want to go test-drive a Chevrolet let's
go test drive Chevy so that way you can
say like Oh Ali what are you driving you
could buy a Chevy and you can say it
like that I drop your chevy okay there's
the Acura BMW Mercedes we should go try
some mercedes-benz oh yeah well the VW
Volvo and Porsche all in the same area
oh it's good jeeps oh my god oh I think
we have to dress up a little bit better
than we are right now I'm wearing a
roflcopter shirt I don't think they're
gonna like that that is a pretty awesome
shirt but we'll have to come back when
we do that one tomorrow let's do the VW
today
all right baby we got a park game face
on the dealers they're out there waiting
they're waiting game face odor resistant
and stain free right yeah we're just
filming this because we're actually uh
so we have a bad memory
so okay what is this the Jetta 2010 TDI
is the diesel we're gonna try this one
out guys really cool what was his name
do whoever's name chase now that was it
oils to the right hand side down there
honey laughs dyslexic and you can
position it it comes out 42 it can go
there we go that much or you can go all
the way see how it just goes back every
position SD card reader right here so
TDI
it's a diesel I think I think Ali's in
love it has eyes like the media guru
like it has like an SD card reader like
booth he said bluetooth for like seven
phones which is kind of funny yeah seven
folks but the thing is it kind of sits
so if you have two people on the trunk
so what do you wanna do now Mercedes
all right let's check out the Acuras I
don't know if I I don't think I like it
it is yet
yeah the fun's kind of weird
all right the tsx I don't know I don't
know if I like this see I don't think I
could support the whole leather thing
just like Ali says she doesn't like
killing cows what the fake leather boots
follow me it's going me okay okay
trigger dealing right here XM channel 41
XM channel 41 whoa pull the thing again
until it driver temperature 62 driver
temperatures 62 driver temperature 62
degrees that's awesome so you really
don't even have to use anything ever you
pretty much the big thing you can see
behind you I feel weird now well you
probably should still look let's thank
your platinum in Fort Lauderdale what's
up let's realize what we are and the
level of strip club how do you like how
this drives alright so we just left the
acura I would have to say they are not
gonna get our business what was bose
that particular sales been talking about
it the peekaboo strip club here's nice
guy but like all of a sudden he starts
like because we were talking about
Sarasota and he was like yeah you
several times I know I was starting to
get I was getting uncomfortable so I was
like so about this car and he kept going
back and forth about the story about the
strip club yeah he was a nice guy but I
don't know anything about that guy was
overpriced the the VW checkout Hyundai I
mean that car was like 35,000 that's a
lot of money for a car that does like
miles per gallon does worse than my car
so I don't know I'm thinking the VW so
far oh yeah
VW that was that was pretty sick now the
only thing I need to know is about the
oh if there are any like VW owners out
there particularly though it was a TDI
we have the TDI diesel if you guys own
that car like the newer version let us
know any any positives or negatives so
we can you know make this researching a
little bit more fun we can interactive
research be great jeez you're being a
little jerk aren't you Marley you barked
it a little kid she started barking at
this five-year-old with a basketball
yeah you yeah you yours at your turkey
you're gonna be internet famous Trey I
talk today
oh you're a drowned rat Tamia
she's wet look at her you know why she
is that what are you doing you're gonna
join your sister shortly miss bad sesh
with that rice smells good that's one
thing why do men have nipples I don't
know
cuz they kill with okay can come weird
it would be if men were like Ken dolls
like known as Photoshop he's Charles
Charles champion with Morley Zoe and his
fiance Ally you can watch this channel
we need a decision from the internet
