get out of the way I favor the people
that don't pull over but then what they
get right behind and they race behind
them because everyone pulled over so
like oh there's nobody on the road it's
so dangerous well I think I know where
the fire truck went how does that even
happen like upside down I've never been
in the car accident that bad the worst
ever i was on the interstate actually
I'm by Brandon and I Hydra playing plane
did I did like a three-sixty into the
guardrail but that was like the worst I
was totally fine and everything oh but I
think Ali would have liked us something
rear-ended her ever really been in a
terrible car accident it's really
frightening have you guys ever been in a
really bad accident where like it feels
like a roller coaster sucks doesn't it
ever been talking to somebody and when
they're talking to you imma fight for
women with it talking and they're going
like this but for me when they're
talking and they're looking like this
like hey yeah you know what's great to
see you and yeah well what do you been
up to oh that's really cool and what
they're doing you're like what are they
looking at and you don't know they don't
tell you and then you get into a car or
in front of a mirror and then you
realize rigan pimple on your face and
they didn't want to tell you you know
that's that was really cool that's even
worse I give something nearer teeth and
you're talking to somebody you're
talking for like a half an hour and you
have this big giant spec between your
teeth it's just right there right in the
front they could tell you how there's
somebody tell me and just like hey you
know you got something your teeth versus
you know talking to somebody for like a
half an hour and then you would go home
and then you look in the mirror then
you're like oh that that douche nozzle
didn't say anything that's cool this is
starting to become like the coolest part
in Tallahassee is this woods today I
didn't really grow up with with I'm like
more of a city guy so when I'm like
seeing this kind of stuff I just get
really excited I mean I'm used to know
cement and maybe a tree in the middle of
the cement in the middle of a fake park
or something like that this is really
cool the dogs love it up where do I go
that hurt Zoe come on we're gonna leave
you all right I got my stick just in
case the bear comes hey I don't think
they had bears here haha recording this
for the Internet Marley taking a poop in
the woods aha Zoey pooping in the woods
totally caught yeah that's hilarious i
just made a bunch of people watching
poop ah the control of the internet he's
Charles Charles Trippy was Zoe Marley
anisty on SE le you can watch him on his
channel avoid the indecision cuz the
internet killed television yeah is it
time for a new theme song or is that was
some pretty awesome it is still pretty
catchy Charlie puth really did good job
on that one oh wow that's a beautiful
shot right there it's really cool this
is actually in Florida oh no they jumped
I don't even think I can do that okay
that's what you do that in sandals fix
stupid a route oh that looks awesome see
like beautiful days like this I just I
just really honestly love the fact that
I can like share our lives with you guys
online and you know just like seriously
just work from home work for myself I I
know I walked the dogs a lot and you
know go to the dog park but you know the
thing is i truly enjoy doing it is so
relaxing to me and I guess you know
that's the bottom line is like when you
find something that you truly like to do
like if you can work for yourself you
know you can follow your dream um do it
you know I saw on a video Oh shake kind
of address this is like sell out um it's
I don't really think it's like selling
out because you're doing something that
you really like and I mean if you're
obviously doing it for just the money
then you're kind of a sellout but I mean
if you just truly enjoy
it's that's that's living a dream and
trust me trust me I appreciate every one
of you plus I mean you know slowly not
selling out its buying in quick what
movie is that from my get out there
barley you little troll get out from
under the bridge Hey look at you troll
dog I just reviewed the clip to make
sure it actually recorded cuz I thought
I didn't record it and the only thing I
was like seeing the entire time is like
mad what is that big giant red thing of
my forehead and I forgot have you guys
been doing that like the entire time
I've been talking just like going hey
Charles really needs to put some clear
cell on that right ribbit ribbit would
you eat one grant calm and you who they
have an option okay they have an option
where you can tweet or tell them your
worst job interview story in 140
characters or less I actually did it and
they animated mine they actually
animated my worst interview I'm not
gonna tell you which one's mine I want
you guys to discover yourself so we'll
see if you can find mine you go to
golden grant com you can have your
chance to have your world's worst job
interview animated and chance to get
some cereals let us say thank you to
those guys for helping us with a live
show and I think you guys will enjoy it
so go check it out gone like 10 minutes
oh yeah I just go to the trash and all
of a sudden I'm like gone forever ok
look ok ok ok ok so I have a question to
ask you guys maybe you guys can help me
out every time I wear this hoodie the
CTFxC for haters either the shorter the
hoodie I always have somebody asked hey
what is CTFxC and like you know they're
curious that are like wondering what it
is and the funniest thing is it's it's
our show and I still don't know how to
actually reply with it I'm always just
like oh well it's a guy does something
online videos online on YouTube I don't
even tell them it's me most of the time
it's like yeah those videos online to
skits and daily videos blah blah blah so
what I'm asking you guys when somebody
asks you for those who have the hater
shirt or the hoodie or just watch the
channel and tell people to watch this
channel how do you describe what CTFxC
is like like when somebody asks what
does CTFxC would I other than just say
is Charles Trippy friend core what do
you say like how do you describe it
please tell me in the comments so I have
something to tell these people I feel
like an idiot I get a lot of emails
about asking like what were the the best
videos that I've shot so far on my main
channel the Charles Trippy channel um so
what I want to do today on this on this
bloody below on this vlog so what I'm
going to do at the end of this video I'm
going to show you my favorite videos
that have shot so far on youtube.com /
Charles Trippy it also be in the video
description wait I can only do it's a
very right hand that way um so if you
want to see you some of my favorite
videos by the way don't make fun of the
hairstyle okay you can make front of the
hairstyle it's stupid hair I'm sorry I
had a bad the hairstyles didn't let's
make fun of trail stop you know I'm
depressed wasn't that bad I want to know
your favorite video either on youtube
account so Cheryl's trippy / Charles
lush alley / trippy any of those
channels any of our four channels I want
to know what your most favorite all-time
diggity dog video this is one of my
favorite right here trapped in his claw
machine just because you know why I've
always wanted to go inside a claw
machine and when I actually worked at a
movie theater I had the key I could do
it and my boss saw it and then I laughed
and they said don't do it again but i
did twice PS I'm totally aware that it's
like the worst lighting I could possibly
ever see myself and put on the internet
for the world to see and my future kids
and my parents hi mom I'm sure it's not
helping that I'm whispering cuz that
just sounds creepy I probably just
stopped
so he's just part of that smells like
poop ah he's Charles Charles Trippy with
Marley Zoe and his fiance alley you can
watch this channel we need a decision
from the internet
