good morning Internet
day 1 New Zealand and look who we met up
with boy yeah Chris Chris dance is back
oh and Danny Danny's here and this Casey
what up we're just trying to going to
find Starbucks what you do when you fly
across the world as you find Starbucks
that McDonald's right those are two
things you look for the embassies
there's one of the embassies now if you
guys get lost
this is where you go you ask for Duncan
go join the club
we got a switch here in Australia but
here's the thing it's the only thing
that sucks he's going to have Berta one
so you're gonna plug it in Greg use the
Ambassador Nintendo right that's the
only thing that's what's up good early
morning Internet I am heading to go meet
up with my sisters
and I think my mom I guess my older
sister is leaving today to go back home
we're gonna go have an early breakfast
and then I have to go back and head it
and today is gonna be one of those days
for me where I'm going to be doing a
super clean on the house because it
needs it so bad it's gonna be so much
done I just like can't wait I'm gonna be
doing all those things that nobody wants
to do check out the street it's like a
complete almost 90 degree angle that's
all exactly this is the road I told
Danny to go down that's so funny I told
you any of the wrong direction so this
is perfectly level just to show you guys
feel like Michael Jackson right now
sorry Danny Tim tell Ian the steepest
one in Auckland
but not anyway
look at the cars going down it
got that star
food was still attack yeah I got a scar
right there
not if you guys can see it fully Martin
wait try backwards backwards nicest mic
gluts are going to be killing me
heading home now editing vlog letting
the dogs out saying goodbye to my sister
for a second time because we're gonna go
to black crow coffee which is like the
best coffee place ever
I know you guys think I'm like obsessed
with the Starbucks no no no the
convenience is perfect
however black coffee is so divine so
amazing so trying to go there and then
who knows when today is gonna take us
because chars in New Zealand
I am here it's dreary out there's like
endless possibilities for this bizarre
day and with the way that I'm talking in
the way that I sound I'm pretty positive
it's gonna be a really rad day because
I'm so really excited about absolutely
nothing can't believe I was gone for so
long
hi hi hi everyone's ears are ringing
right now and you know I love that you
do this it's still my favorite thing in
the world is every time I come home they
give me that kind of like woman best
thing ever so we ended up coming to
banded coffee instead I literally drove
all the way to black crow thinking
that's where we were gonna go because
that was what we discussed got there and
they weren't outside guess where they
were right here we knew what we met I
knew what they meant I'd be honest I
thought you said 17 seconds nope I said
27 so you guys guess what's on 7 for the
second
background black book
27 I was telling them that you said we
were going to black crow and brought
bandit mogila this road is taking all
the way down that was worthy the
cemetery was that old-school cemetery
what you got some doctors next if you
guys didn't know going down a hill I
doubt you want to turn around
going up the hill walking backwards is
so much easier it's good for your legs
walking you backwards down a hill it's
very ballsy just gonna follow the
oscillating cane okay made one stuff
already
I went tone goods and I actually got a
really awesome flexible kind of contain
not really a containers more about the
basket but I got a basket and that's
gonna be used for towels and stuff and I
think it's gonna go perfect us in our
guest bathroom and it's gonna make it so
that things aren't just piling up
everywhere
all right let's see what we can find so
objective is either shelving or
something to organize something that
would be kind of like that but it is
broken and I don't know if I could fix
that to be completely honest Danny I got
the right idea
sit in the middle of them both I feel
like I work for NASA I think it's just
accidental - now they're actually doing
the wrong one they're both going on the
same that one I missed that one
BAM Bella picks me up oh where you going
just like a sprinkler head here's the
travel tip always filled with Al and
like Ethernet cable and adapter because
most of the time you know Wi-Fi cost
money like there's the Wi-Fi password so
you have to go through the whole service
however if you plug directly into the
modem and the internet you go bypass
that whole system so you get free
internet it's fast it's like 10 megabits
per second up and down so sexy nerd and
it's free give up paid for it travel tip
like 400 withdrawals thank God for
t.j.maxx and home goods because I got
some things to organize some stuff I'm
the type of person that loves like
baskets and things like that you
especially third shelving because you
can just put it in the baskets and put
it up on the shelves and I think it
looks really nice but this is my area
that I have like the biggest issue is
actually this is one of the areas that I
have a big issue with this completely I
don't even know what you want to call
that and then look at this which is just
a closet our water heaters in the back
but there's like no organization but I
want to try and get this a little bit
more organized and I'm super embarrassed
this is not all me guess what happened
again so I got to get that all organized
but I want to figure out a way to get
that like super organized and then put
somewhere and what I was thinking was
since we cleaned everything up here and
got this super organized hold tight I
thought that what I could do is kind of
like something over here or in the
corner over there so it's like it looks
nice it's put together but it's still
tucked away to where maybe people won't
notice it I don't know I'm trying to
make it look homey but I also want to
keep it together so we'll see look at my
wife
there is insane on you really gonna dial
up right now Casey and I are trying to
find something to do
skydiving something tells me that
smelled anything yeah sure you don't
want to jump out of a plane
I mean I'm into it but I think we would
have had to wake up and say yeah and we
literally just on 24 hours late oh here
we go
the skyline tour that's when we did last
night this is the place I wandered in
yes it was like two three years ago and
I just wanted to show Casey eight cuz he
was asking about it it's very weird to
come to cemeteries but at the same time
I find them very fascinating just to
think about like how like time is like
change for example like some of these
1808 right there we were just saying
like how completely different this
entire city was no skyscrapers that was
definitely not there nothing was here
1808 now it just turns into a nature
walk and we never seen again
yeah this camera just kind of goes like
one of you things I think there's the
road but it's like this nice little
nature walk it's really kind of
beautiful in the middle of Auckland
which is all concrete and cement and
then they have random graves everywhere
they're so old and a lot of these
tombstones are like super beautiful as
weird as it sounds
blessed this thing was placed right
there that is the craziest thing I've
ever seen my entire life I've a feeling
this place though yeah just adds the sad
nature of this whole place
it's beautiful but sad this is from 1882
and then there's semis skyscrapers go
look condos and just 18 wheelers there's
one right there and then there's this
this Monument these people are great
there
I'm just getting lucky with these
beautiful nature shots Casey just
discovered this one good old John
Hancock 1885 Jesus another thing I
thought it's so fascinating in a sad way
everyone's been like in the 40s and 30s
so it appears the oldest one that we
found was at the beginning in 1808 and I
was just talking about Casey it's so
strange to see you know the help of
modern medicine how the life expectancy
like it's kind of like tripled
quadrupled like some of these people
like died in the 30s and 40s although
that saw one that was born 1895 and
lived 92 years I think
credible anything super organized but
finally this isn't like crazy clutter it
actually looks like relatively put
together and what I ended up doing wise
just kind of like stacking those and
kind of getting a little bit more
organized and then just putting the
towels that we use for like the beach
and things like that in the closet so
now there's actually room and you can
walk in and yes I know how exciting this
is for you guys to watch me clean and
organize my house got some blankets set
up here I have actually like every time
that we change our sheets I usually like
to have the next thing that we're gonna
use like in this area so I got something
that can hide under the chair can I say
I saw have so much that I have to do in
this house in regards to like decoration
and things of that sort that we haven't
really jumped on yet soon it'll happen
but it's all about the money so I'm
trying to like improvise a little bit
with the things that we have in our
house and kind of moving things around
so it looks like oh wow we got new stuff
but in all actuality we had it we didn't
really get anything new except for the
baskets to organize things that's the
only new thing that we did case but I'm
pretty happy with it things are looking
cleaner a little bit more organized just
exactly what I wanted because
I remember that Casey and I are walking
around in New Zealand from Malaysia so
the odds of being in this little area
will you watch it are you gonna do that
hey guys what's up by the way he was at
the Malaysia show too so small freaking
world yeah man
sorry Casey and I just wanted to see the
water so we got all the way down here
and of course I know snoozles got some
awesome beaches or something like that
but Ray where we're at in my cockpit
this is all we got some waters nice
looking but I was really hoping for
something something else I don't know I
had no expectations I guess there's a
soul seagulls oh they attacked the drone
again today I just wanted a shot of the
the tower they went at me again there we
go it sounded like a little local
brewery company but they called doctors
doctor Rudy's doctor doctor Rudy's and I
got a doctor coke check this out it is
almost not all 8:45 p.m. and the as
Danny brushing his teeth we used to hear
like a buzz everywhere but look at it
the Sun is still out it's good probably
out until ignite something I'd say 5:00
5:30 it's crazy it's actually good
messing with me we just had a rousing
game of I did say browsing rocket League
and now that pretty much everyone in the
camp has a switch so if we chase our
bunch of nerds the tour bus dude is
going to be pretty sick and the airplane
is going to be pretty sick though
usually hear people yelling on the
airplane everyone's really what the
hell's going on I'm so bummed I think
it's closing or actually I think it is
closed yeah
that sucks I really wanted to go see
that maybe those who do it tomorrow
before the show it's kind of funny
yesterday no one was jet-lagged even
though we flew so long but today
everyone is dead except me like I can
just keep going it's actually kind of
crazy I never sleep that would have been
so poorly going to I remember that one
time when we're at the Sundance we've
stumbled upon that whole bang see like
hero that they had covered up I just
gonna find some food everything is
closed I'm probably gonna go back and
probably just pass out this entire time
zone thing is actually still kind of
messing with me this morning like no
joke I went to bed it maybe you midnight
walk a bit before I am ready to start
the day
we're like a day essentially a day and a
half in the future you're successful and
it's actually pretty healthy now I'm
going to go back baby watch some Netflix
get ready for the show tomorrow really
excited actually
alright internet what sport is this
Frankie and I keep watching this on the
Olympics and we cannot figure it out so
they pass they have a stop that passed
and I've just watched what happens when
they have to shoot the ball
so weird there's no basketball like was
it there's no backboard and they don't
block it didn't even bother no they just
like it's like I don't think about here
watch see it right there
oh she was blocking it Frankie and I are
so confused good night you guys
don't forget to subscribe and I'll be
enjoying through this video have a good
night
