good morning guys I'm actually heading
over to Orlando right now because we the
Kings has a little meet-and-greet going
on basically what's happening is there's
a contest going on to go to Hawaii to
see the show when we play there so we're
doing like this meet-and-greet
promotional things but I have to drive
all the way to Orlando so I have to
leave now in order to make the track so
it's really fun and you get to stay here
and hang out I guess it hangs doll do
work you know that shirt is older than
you I know I love it like my coated
shirt that's crazy
I'm okay love you to be Zoey see you
later
we took the dragon did you confiscate
the Dragons oh she did yeah and so
begins the fun drive for the next hour
by the way guys I hope you enjoyed the
last couple videos yesterday in the day
before they were a little bit different
as far as vlogs are concerned but we
wanted to try something a little bit
different yesterday we went tried a
bunch of you know disgusting secret menu
fast food items which by the way was not
our plan that day we would just drive
and got a like some Starbucks work I
wonder if they actually have some sort
of super menu here and then from that
Ali just had the idea the spirals and
skip going for that and I thought it was
kind of a fun thing to do a little bit
different and the day before that we try
to challenge video the beautiful thing
about the challenge videos for us is
because we're filming it's a daily vlog
but at the same time it gives Hal a
night
time together since we don't have days
off you know it's kind of important that
Ali and I spend some time together
I think that's the best way to do is we
have a challenge we can do the challenge
and then Ali and I can go on a date we
can kind of just chill especially since
we've been I don't know what Davis's
roughly 3,000 I've never had a day off
technically work every single day almost
24 hours a day to the last eight or nine
years I'm not complaining or just saying
it's kind of nice to be able to do those
kind of videos I think they're the
plants my sister just got here let's see
am case here got finished filming a
video for my channel the room is
finished wonderful but I just got
finished a video channel and now my
sister she is right now shower left here
and oh just being greedy so heaven sakes
oh yeah oh it's your auntie change well
I'm waiting for everyone to show up
decided to get a car wash because I saw
one of those touchless ones and this car
needs to be washed but I can't go into
one of the Bristol ones it sounds so
stupid I know very boring
I want them to flick my mirror off it's
literally taped on there for duct tape
and electrical tape because I'm still
waiting for that to be fixed I've been
having the weirdest luck lately where is
it stopped
oh there goes
that I just got stuck here that's
actually kind of fun everything that is
the coolest bus ever it's kind of funny
right there that big building is where
playlist live was like a couple days ago
so I had driven back to play outside
again you know she has that really
awesome dance floor there is no dance
floor anymore you can line dance around
it yeah there you go
down new table in the back and I was
telling her that when I got her car it's
not really good and she said I think
it's the table I think table smells good
that's actually a goodnight candles okay
and I'll sneeze candles too they're like
any smell like a new car smells you have
people like the new car smell I like the
smell again yeah we're smelling gasoline
I've already like weird smell that you
guys absolutely love that people I think
is really bizarre and I like I like
gasoline I think the smell of gasoline
is really good I love cars you know it
was about for you like I would probably
drink it
okay don't drink gasoline kids see all
of that every single day doesn't matter
what day we get it every single day
Orlando in the cost rolling in them I
don't think they have or lamp up yeah oh
that's good yeah that's better
flipping the page of a book a very large
large book to work out ready all right
anything you like can't live without my
god they're huge Charles is actually
restricting me from getting rugs right
now because we had one that was
underneath our dining room table and
then we had one that's real fluffy whoo
I love that that one
Oh see I think that's super cool we've
had a little issue where the dogs have
been peeing on both the rug so we're not
doing a rug right now exam I'm very
tempted to buy one but I'm not going to
do it I like that one though Kailyn this
is quite possibly my most favorite aisle
of any home goods or t.j.maxx what is
this one
love's candle aisle I just melt
sunflower and said how how do you catch
a listen to some love you don't you jump
still I've kind of impressed HP keep the
ingredients most like something I don't
know
smells like fruit punch let me go okay
that's all bit cool he apparently
doesn't like it and I'm back in the car
or I guess as far as this video I
currently hasn't left the car I forgot
to bring the camera
the little meat Greek that we did it was
it was nice we got to see some people
like close friends it's very intimate
I liked it a lot really freaking hot
I've never had my phone say it was too
hot it was shutting down its quick it's
94 degrees right now and I'm wearing all
black like a frigging moron now man I'm
one time Joey wanted once I figured
she's such a goofball with her come on
look at it
she's having the time of your life right
now I don't know I fill up to get
another one
Marley better not be rolling in poop I'm
not kidding I don't trust you
Marley mark are you rolling in something
you shouldn't be rolling in mother's day
we're going to have this big kind of
get-together with charge mom my mom
hates mother-in-law some of our other
family members like our aunts my
grandmother my cousins it's just going
to be like a big Mother's Day party I
know my family likes to throw parties if
you haven't picked up on that I'm really
happy that nowadays I can actually show
you guys that side of my family because
now they're getting very used to this
whole vlogging thing what do you have
come here you just roll in something I
better not see any poop I can get ma'am
jumps with her she doesn't work she
don't even listen to me though you find
any losers no lizards not today they
love it out here
there's a good girl he took them for
like a run when we ran yesterday because
if you did not see yesterday's video
create a ton a ton of fast food we ate
off of the secret menu at these various
fast food places we took bites of just
these things just small mice we were
like okay we got to go we got to get a
run in because this are some excel like
out of here
it was awful we ended up taking the dogs
with us for one of the runs and I am
never seen the only run so fast
it was so cute one thing that I really
really really enjoy about long drive
very few things actually if you like is
the fact that I always think randomly
because I kind of just ventures off and
I think of old dance they used to listen
to like good riddance
sugar called Spitalfields armor for
sleep like all these bands that I used
strife ignite all these bands they used
to listen to I just kind of like for
some reason or another despot like I'm
looking to sugar call right now they did
pop into my head I'm like oh I should
Pryor like you know listen to that I
find the CD at my phone and at Kendall
your blossom task like I never home and
being like oh I wanna go listen to
sugarcoat it's always like I'm driving
and I think about all you remember that
one time when that concert
I remember nobody would go 2004 I was
like hey I'm gonna go to the sugar call
concert at Janice landing which by the
way was one of the like bucket lists for
me what he actually played there as
being the king my first show ever was no
use for name Goodwyn mad caddies at
Janet landing in st. Petersburg I lived
in st. Petersburg now and we played
Janis landing the venue I've always
wanted to play my life played the
masquerade was another one state theater
that was another one all in safety
that's what I love about life is that it
just kind of goes like a full circle
like that totally when I want to change
this is what happens when I have these
conversations in the car you guys
probably remember years ago do it again
technically both of them you know what
you start telling a story and then
halfway you're like this makes no sense
or anybody or like one of those you have
to be there moments or it's just not
funny anyone else
holy crap no idea what I just talked
about anyone able to follow that up and
remember the comments you guys missed
our vlogs
you want to know how old the song is
listening they have two old dial-up like
sound for the beginning of this song for
anyone who remembers dial-up or AOL
dial-up that was really known for
I know exactly unlock the door
good job these will be very excited look
at this this is new yes phone tell me
your videos make sure to subscribe to
our Channel that way when her video or
new video goes on oh yeah I know
Marley said to subscribe to its youtube
back on slash Ally West on the screen so
make sure to do that we've got a loose
dog up here he's a little clumpy and I
can tell he's kind of scared we're gonna
kinda go who we belong up to come here
ha ha ha he's a little scared and I'll
bite me motto
ah to be a little bit cautious about
this but I didn't get too close to the
dog obviously but I assumed the dog was
affiliated with that house because he
wasn't waving nightguard would just go
expecially that dog knew he was a
special 3 and second dog I know I know I
went up to the door and I knocked and I
said I'm rapidly Shrestha to dog but
there's a dog out by the road and ended
up being their dog and he was very very
thankful but I didn't want to get too
close to him and scare him but I also
don't wanna get too close because I
didn't know the dog so he was a little
thing he was like he's gonna love to
Wawa was jumped on you would yeah yeah
patience a mother would be she's a
hungry little thing they just brought
Ally a giant gallon of water
if their white parts that's her and this
is mine
I'm very modern your today is made
walk-in home ready for a test be the
chill quickly I was put on the screen
right now birthday 61 he won yep
you would have guessed that Valley would
have spilled her water first and that
means you will be pressed usually on the
clock I am remember I was talking about
earlier like on the way home about that
Jen landings up then you did that venue
and talk about the place I was talking
about
I could put like something up with image
clear day
that's the fun thing about janitors you
can just chill outside and get a three
o'clock
Oh
good to be home hope you enjoyed today's
video was nice Ali and I got it got a
little we got to go out and kind of have
some dinner and watch the band please
don't forget to subscribe and please go
watch yesterday's video where we went
and tried all these secret menu items I
will see you guys tomorrow bye guys
you
