ready go finish your movie so we've been
filming this video for a while just
because it's taken a while to get Marley
to cooperate um and it involves a couple
weeks ago we went to the field or the
woods and Marley wasn't a squirrel suit
well we got to finish that now ready we
go see a movie star a movie star your
costume found your costume is destroying
think you know what's really funny is
like the garbage disposal isn't that
like the most gratifying thing ever oh
look it's free stir hold on let me let
me bug you okay sit there nope nope nope
you have to leave it on you have to
leave it on stay stay so Zoe Zoe stay
look look at me that's right Zoe Toby
curry wait those are yours those ears
aren't supposed to be there Marley are
you ready for your close-up I'm ready
for my close-up mr. deville my my you
look good so equipped horn
go mommy go we're trying to get at it
whoa we're trying to get it a chase
after squirrels we haven't found any
swirls whoa that tree is oh um what are
you doing you love Thank are you little
stinker can you see Charles fine Charles
find Charles there is giant Magnolia
like it's getting a little adventurous
okay I gotta recreate it like it's a
squirrel little two little adventures
there are you afraid of heights yeah I
seriously never thought we'd have to
film this much for a 40-second video ok
we have I think maybe about 20 minutes
of footage I think of Marley running
around for a 40-second video oh I'm so
excited for this video hey squirrel but
you find any squirrels today you make
any friends your squirrel friends buddy
you make any squirrel friends they
didn't want to play with you today did
they throw me stuff such a jerk
I'm filming stuff there's always a
wiggle bye bye bye stream of
gloriousness i love you haha filming for
a long time like an hour and a half and
we haven't seen one squirrel any I don't
know why I cannot believe it's this
difficult to find squirrels like the
only girl I saw today was a dead
squirrel Tallahassee is like too far
north for squirrels cuz I mean they have
squirrels in the north northeast even I
don't get it one day I need to see you
squirrel no no Charles I'm gonna be
doing some school tastic that I can't be
around you well he mentioned that i
should try walking around fsu's campus
cuz you know the squirrels always
getting fed by students and still I see
nothing do they have like stock footage
of squirrels come just got to do that
squirrels are like endangered now I
guess that's just slightly scary
I think they have a rank or down there
why is Jefferson so sad was that mean
well didn't see a squirrel but I did see
this guy I like out no one even notices
him chillin yeah there's that guy again
see that's like one of those things were
like no one else would have seen him
unless you're looking unless I was
looking for a squirrel like that's like
it's really kind of funny like if you
don't stop and just look around like all
I was doing was just look around in the
trees and you could see a giant Hawk
just chillin there ready to pounce and
eat your baby whoo-hoo that was a
success we found some squirrels
squeezers so Slade's what everyone calm
ok so I'm driving home and all of us in
a squirrel runs out in front of my car
so there's a whole bunch of them over
here look at this ok see them all go
running around this is just like a
squirrel vlog giant squirrel vlog oh
that looks scary oh that looks scary you
know what's really crazy about ants is
that will be rebuilt probably by I'd say
about an hour they totally want to eat
me right now rightfully so I just kicked
their house do you want off that the
best / pick a place in the world ooh
it's fancy so my favorite game to play
here is to get random hot sauces I'll
ranging from the
face to the good ones balance and then
what I do is I like to mix them up so I
have no idea which is the bad one which
was a good one and then I tried it
usually makes for entertainment that's
for sure yeah making sure I can't I
definitely don't know okay let's try
this the green is always bad
yeah that's a hot one was a funny story
so I went and got alien eyes favorite
beer the wild boar so funny yo you don't
even know what's gonna you only know I'm
this set you have no idea what to say no
I'm sitting here going through the
checkout and it's like ten o'clock and
this particular one they having a cop
like an actual cop not a security guy
and I'm sitting there and I'm going to
check out and the cops like what do you
got there sir and I I'm 25 so i can buy
alcohol right so i could buy alcohol but
he said it in a way it he was
questioning me basically was questioning
how it tastes and I felt like I was
doing something illegal and here's the
funny thing here you guys want to see my
driver's license here look at this and
this is why I got scared so that is what
I look like on my driver's license so I
don't look anything like that now so
when the girls like I can I see your
driver's license I'm like yeah talk to
the cop blah blah blah blah you know say
yeah it's really good stuff you should
try it um the girl just does one of
these this doesn't look like you and
immediately the security guy the cop was
like kind of like perked his ears up and
she goes I'm just kidding look I guess
they need update my drivers license it's
from what I was like no no I was 21 20
21 20 and 21 i guess i guess i should
update it tells freshness and to those
freshness of the power for mentos don't
worry it's okay you get a Mentos oh
there's coffee there oh really my deal
he's Charles Charles Trippy with Marley
Zoey and his fiance Ali you can watch my
channel ready in decision for the
Internet
