Oh what's this swerve on the act of
being intoxicated are otherwise
inebriated to the point of I don't
really know what pirate faced is parents
not defined baking the individual unable
to drive or walk in a straight line to
get your swerve on come on I feel like
gettin my swerve on and doing some
partying and you guys didn't believe me
I'm not that old you need to seriously
beat this game I think Ali's on the last
level 4 last temple it's only a dollar
I'm gonna totally get this in fight Zoey
Oh what are these called like maces that
what they're calling a mace I was
thinking about getting this movie is it
any good I really really really love the
oceans movies and I you know who doesn't
like Matt Damon oh god Ramona may come
back to this all right so I just got the
most random things from target okay I
got my ax so I can beat up Zoe and then
I got a little mase like peanut Marley
it's like foam by the way um and then
and then mr. cooker and mailers pretty
random wait wait did I say waster cooker
I'm hit it's an austere rice cooker cuz
every years we're making fun of me
because I couldn't make rice and a lot
of guys suggested to get one of those
things so see if I can actually make
rice now an oyster cooker got an idiot
oh yeah that's right Oh twilight new
moon so alice is like kick galleys but
yesterday and um putt-putt she made me
watch new moon good I've somehow got it
was like got away with not paying twenty
dollars in theaters
okay so some observations first
observation at the beginning of the
movie when Edward is his name the
vampire guy wait but he goes to see
Bella and he pulls up into the school
parking lot how come he's a lot of them
like parallel park using four of the
parking spots and he just gets out is he
allowed to just do that because he's a
vampire but they don't know he's a
vampire right observation number two how
come the dad what's the saying I think
his name's Charlie he's always wearing
jeans and a button up like flannel shirt
like this at all out all hours of the
night cuz Bella kept having those
nightmares right and no matter what he's
not in pajamas he's not you know he's
sleeping in his boxers he's always in
jean shorts and a flannel shirt
observation number three has to deal
with Jacob I know the eye candy of the
movie I don't understand it though okay
so I get it you know when you turn into
a doggy you you rip your clothes right
but you're already putting on pants
every single time like new pants every
single time you rip your clothes why
can't you just put a t-shirt on too it's
just one extra step Jacob he sort of
reminds me of what a day Derek they both
never wear shirts I probably just pissed
off a lot of Twilight fans well you know
here's the thing um Kristen Stewart I'll
watch the movie for Kristen Stewart but
the movie it's pretty bad it was pretty
bad right even the Twilight fans have to
admit right Alec made a good point it's
like Harry Potter with vampires probably
just pissed off more people oh speaking
of the Devils or vampires on guards OE
sungard cha cha cha cha cha that
supposed to be in the recycling now it's
attacking you quitting in your butt
chop-chop
no no you saw my sword my battle-ax oh
so am I the only one that puts the
weather channel on and just listens to
the music when you got like you're
cleaning and stuff you know you do it
too check this out this is Sean from
Ireland twitter.com sucks sk-ii l iy
it's uh Ellie and I from the ratatat
concert actually away from Ireland so
this is from Switzerland this is from
Rebecca check it out
it's so cool so our buddy his name is
rich but as Twitter and YouTube his
creative candy he actually did our
twitter backgrounds and he actually
designed the roflcopter shirt but Lucas
an ally and I turtle what you put your
music any dances yeah just what you need
you're laughing silently and then Matt
sent Ali her own Eve power up I like
shower with turtles and bioshock stuff
this is great now you can now Ali could
ever Eve power-ups whenever she wants oh
my god look how big that roaches oh I'm
just kidding it's a rebound look what
dawn sent out it's a mini t-shirt this
is that's what she said that's so
freaking adorable you think I'll fit in
it Marley I don't think Marley good
fitting that either she's too chunky
same for a kid so funny how baby can
wear that that that yeah it's very
appropriate your first baby shirt Frank
Ali
Hey look at these wow they're like
miracle fruit things you eat them and
apparently makes everything sour or
something always sent them oh my god
it's a reproach did I even look real I
win thanks God I'm gonna put sorry buddy
get it sorry look look he's Charles
Charles champion with Marley Zoe and his
fiance alley you can watch my channel
Wendy indecision from the internet
