hey guys it is morning I didn't go to
sleep we got back from a fi show around
sorry i had the whisper alia sleeping
yeah we got back from the AFI show
around seven thirty in the morning and
then it came straight home fixed our
website so that should be running now
and now I have to go to the post office
in an hour to finish a few errands so
I'm gonna probably take a nap for half
an hour so um I'll see in a bed around
two people hitting me at the post just
editing the footage from yesterday I
guess it would be two days for you I'm
now going on 28 hours with no sleep I am
a little delirious and today's i'm
starting to see little little imaginary
characters like that one you see him
right there his name's John you know you
don't see he's a little pink elephant
John good at the peanut his own sail
he's right there is you don't believe
are you watching hot fuzz at first Jeff
go boom she's totally watching hot fast
sit naptime money didn't have time
this me hi I doubt you get back your
movie
make way zombie Charles like such a
zombie today I'm going on like I don't
know how long so we're gonna get some
food so we're trying to find some food
and Ali made up a little game see here
we got olive garden Gordo's tijuana
flats firehouse nothing mellow mushroom
Bella Bella what's Bella Bella one
Momo's I don't know what the pink yeah
I'm gonna flip it upside down pick ok so
do I shall i pick three or whatever I
pic is what we get how should we do it
you can pick it I'm gonna veto it ok so
dude this is gonna be like bitch I have
this program on my phone where you just
do a random thing and she wouldn't
decide so I was like okay we're just
gonna do random saying and that's what
we'll go and I'm like okay hit the
random thing this is like I don't want
to go there I'm perfectly happy sauteing
some broccoli in the house ok well I
want to go somewhere cuz we haven't done
anything and I want to get outside
hopefully not going to that place that
place whatever that is out ok ready this
one right here boom olive garden I don't
want to go there all right um so you do
have an opinion what is this word Peter
yeah Peter Rhea how do i go there
was this jazen cafe that's probably
closed by now let's see here hey I knew
your night I read it all down whatwhat
Gordo's talk to you all rights go girls
Joe's barbecued foot massage girl who's
barbecuing focused on Oh Papa Q Ali's
hungry I'm hungry too we're going to
gordos Terrans publishing I haven't even
see that video is it because you were
talking about it yeah Tina no i mean
i've seen i haven't seen in a while
storage big at jones big ass stores or
something storage and Chuck Brown junk
guys I'm drunk his hair okay you might
be wondering how can we afford to store
all this digging the shit that such a
little cup well first of all I'm drunk
affair I think I should try the
chupacabra today
you should get the chupacabra
with a ho there we go I feel much better
Thank You Gordo's and your double tall
Jack and cokes like wait you stole a cop
you're gonna keep it are you sure I
didn't see that on that he still thinks
get to keep it oh that's that is true
they're getting their swerve on over at
little getting their swerve on right is
that what they say Stella's got a groove
back is it I well the bit that's all the
stuff right there that's a party zone
right the strip was getting your swing I
thought that meant like getting crunk am
I really that old swag on awesome hold
on well I mean I think like Stella's got
a groove back getting your groove on get
your swerve on isn't it what the hell I
have no idea what I'm talking about I
thought I thought get like get your
swerve on met like you know getting are
you seriously going to donate kingdom
are you kidding me are you serious I'm
gonna totally check in before you though
donut king go free Wi-Fi that's cool cuz
that's what you want to do is you wanna
you want to get a donut and have Wi-Fi
hurry up looks like bullwinkles is
trending today on foursquare I guess
they're getting a swerve on seriously
that means something right did I just
have in a movie
oh damn you win okay I don't mind my
finger but I'm just blocking the license
plate that is a Maserati in front of
donut kingdom holy Sh lucky just chillin
it for the dodo capek know me not hit
that right now oh you should totally hit
it oh the knickers donut girl oh no good
he's Charles Charles trippin with Marley
Zoe and his fiance alley you can watch
it on this channel what are your
decision for the internet
