so this is why I love my car I can fit
over 21 boxes of t-shirts while other in
bags in my car my car is so sluggish
right now it's just like why is there so
much weight in my car
but yeah the people with the post office
are totally gonna love me now the fun
task of getting all this into this and
into there oh they're gonna love so I
think everyone hates us behind us on the
post office completely confused they
don't know what to do nope okay well
they one-up me right now and they gave
me this that having fun
they're becoming they're becoming
friends now this is what you call
teamwork guys Allie's staying at the
post office now I'm rushing home
finished I got it yesterday's vlog
because we have to go to the AFI show
around 3:00 3:30 because I think that
like three or four hour drive so she's
gonna finish that I'm gonna go home and
edit go back and then we leave the crazy
day today I'm having fun though this is
actually it's stressful but it's really
fun I there's a bad that I really enjoy
like mailing stuff so domestic those are
just domestic right that's a waste of
paper they couldn't have just said Wow
currently driving to Pensacola Ally's
over there trying to find all the
questions that you guys asked and
applause from yesterday's vlog so we can
ask hunter we got we're so behind
schedule although there was traffic on
i-10 naturally gotta love Florida
traffic so we're trying to make it in
time actually sure who's playing I'm
pretty stoked though the last time what
was it November we went and hung out so
it'll be kinda cool to see everyone it's
actually Ali's first time to be meeting
the band so it would be pretty fun
okay so that's really funny we're
driving and I'm like why is my I forgot
okay
Pensacola's in central time zone we
found that anyway
so I'm like looking at my photos like
why is my phone say four o'clock and
it's five o'clock right now yeah we were
freaking out because we have they hit
the traffic and we thought we were gonna
be really late but now that we found out
it's an hour behind we just we're gonna
be early so that's awesome central time
zone for the wind that's so cool
protection to sue tax dollars that hard
at work right there is a monument okay
we can't fly this billion-dollar jet
which put it as a monument or like a
statue at a truck stop on i-10 the only
me like that's like the most expensive
statue or art decoration that you ever I
think it might be real but it's got it
like this obviously when you speed they
tell you yeah they definitely don't
think we made it and we were walking by
and somebody from this CTFxC army yelled
over I heard it was Ashley and Megan
right so we're gonna try to find Hunter
right now I don't know where he is
we found him we found hunter and right
here yes so we're gonna ask him a couple
of the questions that you guys wanted me
to ask him and actually I don't remember
many of them Ali actually wrote them
down it's all of your pocket we got to
do this all professional
this doesn't look at G's just like three
people just going around the edge crawl
there we go
that's even better these are all from
you guys you guys left a bunch of
comments in the in the vlogs
oh nice hello we're here on the charlie
bus CTFxC we have hunter bird getting
from AFI how are you I'm doing all right
thank you okay okay so now first
question I don't remember the usernames
oh you just know in your heart that you
asked that question yeah there we go
that works true how's my backlighting
it's you know it's bright but it you
know it's it's illuminating like so it's
kind of halo yeah I'm just gonna say
it's very spiritual okay so we're good
right there oh no we lost this for aired
Oh what are your some of your influences
or your music like do you have any
musical heroes well yes I as a bass
player I look up to players like James
Jamerson the late James Jamerson who was
the Motown session bass player he's one
of my all-time favorites as far as
living bass players go Eric Avery I've
cited many times as a big influence he
was in Jane's Addiction there we go and
we actually just played with with with
him and Jane's Addiction in Australia
well did you really and it was like I
guess he's not playing with him anymore
so it was like his last show so that's
cool it was pretty cool sounds like a
good experience and Australia you are
weird apparently you guys want to
explain the time zone thing Hunter was
trying to explain how everything's back
and forth back and forth it was a
comment because I don't know what was
your absolute worst gig and where was it
worst gig okay let's see I guess that's
open to interpretation the worst
personally
personally worst gig but maybe that
wasn't your fault maybe that was
everybody else's fault we played a show
back in 1998 October of 1998 somewhere I
was nine then I want to see it was maybe
South Dakota Bay and where's that we're
South Dakota yeah look how's that exist
a country and this was back when we had
it this is before Jade was playing
guitar it was like oh oh
a little warehouse the warehouse is a
generous term but maybe a defunct
workshop from the 70s that had been
gutted and sort of turned into a venue
maybe but there was no stage and we got
there it was a Sunday we got there and
nobody was there we were there for
loading nobody was there so that well
let's go to the town and sort of hang
out and wait we went to the town
everything was closed we found a car was
the town it wasn't just the solitaire he
was like us he was like maybe three or
four stores was this uh the shut your
mouth days this was yes okay there's
like the end of the shut your mouth tour
okay
and so we we looked through flyers to
see if maybe the show wasn't even you
know okay enough you were the right said
they didn't see anything well to
indicate that this show was even
happening and so then we head back over
to the venue and someone was there to
open it and so we sort of set stuff up
and maybe a couple just a handful of
people showing up like this is the
weirdest show I'm gonna play basement
shows that were more organized really so
we played in front of like four people
so hold on it's better for some reason
mark our old guitarist right right I did
that for the first three songs our set
we would switch instruments
so you are on what instrument so I
played guitar nice for three songs one
time and it was it did not go well
because here's the thing is uh I know
the songs really well on the songs back
then we're just core core core core but
forget about those little things where
everybody stops and just the guitar yeah
yeah yeah those little face many solos
yeah I did all the wrong ones pretty
face you know I played really hard broke
all the strings right yeah jumping
around is a completely different thing
so you heard it first the worst show
South Dakota yeah sorry sorry South
Dakota I don't think we have any I don't
think they have the Internet something
that it's okay I'm sorry we're being
interrupted by a giant when you join the
band
it was before the album shut your mouth
and open your eyes right what was the
first song that you learned with AFI Oh
wouldn't it okay like here like this is
you you're gonna be our base to go
actually I want to see was 13 years ago
to the day
oh wow it's an anniversary people I got
to think about this because it was my
saint was March 18 1997 I got a call
from AFI they're in Florida there we go
please vote Florida connectionists
and the coal was officially hey our Jeff
our bass player is he's gonna leave and
you know there's a couple people that he
is recommended that could fill this slot
and you're at the top of the list there
we go
can you learn these 15 songs in you know
a couple weeks and I was like
so the first thing I learned was I
believe the first song I learned was
file 13 do gingers in fact have souls do
genius you mean like redheads okay it's
up questions they have souls
do you have souls you do but I want when
I got unlimited that their souls are
like gingerbread people there we go
that's you know get me began sir there
we go how did you make that rabbit drum
oh that's right just kind of hanging out
with the rabbit a little bit I knows the
rabbit was plain maneater that sounds
like maneater rabbit and the rabbits
like yeah that's one of my favorite
songs Michael hey make a list of your
favorite songs and and I'll you didn't
take B you play along tomb and so we did
that and surprisingly he was not able to
play along very well to a lot of him
right so I mean we because he is a
rabbit we did Tuesday I mean it takes to
be song and I had to just edit out the
parson this he was I think definitely
because of the popularity of the video
he will you know that'll encourage them
to continue right yeah definitely I
think we might see another expect if you
have not seen this video that we're
talking about it's right here in the
screen you can click it or go to
actually didn't know hunter is actually
an internet guru he's on YouTube it's a
you're on YouTube yes yeah it's tranquil
mammoth right yeah this youtube.com
slash tranquil mammoth and you can see
the little rabbit video and Twitter you
need to tell hunter you know just music
I mean that what's what's going on with
music you know what I mean like you got
to make youtube videos that's how you
that's how you do things right it is
well thank you hunter and everything you
want to want to close on and totally
real total before we get kicked out and
arrested before you you know know
most professional thing we've ever done
in our entire life our interview with
mr. hunter Berger Nevada fine thank you
so much and have your pet spayed or
neutered by everybody is the bonus
question I forgot about this one I don't
know if you can answer this one
but what does miss murder mean this is a
song title yes that's all we're gonna
get right here there we go Panik is
doing a Dueling piano comedy act
the
I'm on the phone with people who rub my
website apparently they took down my
site so I have to yell at them
I want to wring that but I know get in
trouble there we go
well Twitter England will
I disagree with the practice of host
monster.com there we go
Ali we're good all the food all the
bands
how'd you like your first day if I show
we have the best fans yeah a little
weird about that they knew my car but
it's okay no but you guys still awesome
okay so Josh will and Caroline the
people who we filmed earlier left us a
little CTFxC love note on a Taco Bell
receipt none other all right guys so we
got to say thank you to hunter and
therefore the guys who are over there
now welcome thank you everyone go to his
YouTube which is on the screen it's
gonna be on his face right now and
Holly's face go to his YouTube and his
twitter and follow him and subscribe
Orleans you get New Orleans then you got
then we got
oh yeah sorry guys
Charles accidentally tripped over the
cord again and unplugged the internet
idiot internet killed television comm
should be back up if not he hasn't
figured out how to plug in a cord yeah
thanks guys
he's Charles Charles trapping with
Marley Surrey and his fiancee Allie you
can watch this channel we need a
decision from the Internet
