hey Grayson look I brought you breakfast
in bed it's st. Patty's Day start
drinking that's Adam look what time it
is it's 1130 you gotta get up and start
drinking oh my goodness no you
decapitated the poor monkey ah you
should put that on her face punch punch
punch bra sit Zoe the monkey Zoe the
monkey oh so he got one of the eyeballs
I know she didn't she have eyebrow oh
you want for the arrow well it's kind of
morbid all right well Oh get her
everyone's looking at me the first alas
the guys from Tampa have a new CD and
I've been rocking out supporting my
Tampa by tampa bands and everyone thinks
I'm crazy I'm not crazy I swear hi
she thinks I'm crazy all right that was
weird ok so I'm luckily I'm wearing
green today because you know st.
Patrick's Day and there was a lady in
there an older lady like I don't know
maybe 40 50 babe something like that and
she looks at me and she looks at my
shirt she looks at me again she looks
back at my shirt and she smiles and I'm
like I smile back awkwardly and then she
goes it's good thing you're wearing
green I'm like why she goes otherwise
I'd pinch you what it'll pinch me how to
grow your name who does that who does
that where did that jerk should even
come from pinching somebody for not
wearing green on st. Patrick's Day I bet
you're Irish people are pissed off I'm
not knows good some green food dye and
dire beer green well might as well of
you know live up to the stereotype and
buy some food dye and just eat
everything green today I'd be kind of
weird food dye food dye food dye what
seriously there's no food dye their food
coloring whatever you want to call it
well that should be too surprised all
the green was completely gone yeah I
said the second I don't know why running
I just like guys are the second they
opened with in the first hour all the
green vials were sold at green food dye
or food coloring is the hot ticket today
like all the food coloring like ce o--'s
are like oh we're gonna pick a million
billion dollars i should buy another
boat cuz that's what CEO said don't stop
believin hold on to this alania what a
miserable day oxyclean and now when she
watches clean my when she okay we have
to totally timeout on the food coloring
a mission because I just got a call Ali
said the UPS guys there with 21 boxes of
hoodies so I have to go home and help
the UPS guy named Jeff his name is
Japanese a really cool guy and helped
I'm load everything cuz it's raining now
so okay all the packages that's crazy
there's talking one of them filled up
this whole truck Ali made a fort there's
okay there's all these boxes here and
then there's still another five back
here that's insane I guess we're gonna
have to do another order of hoodies it's
pretty funny the the UPS guy was his
name Jeff right um they thought this was
all separate orders Nick separate stops
so they just gave him this so he just
had to deliver this today and had the
rest of the day off so I guess that's a
win for him I ended up getting where
they uh you guys remember these remember
these a star crunch and then zebra cakes
the best pastry ever anyway so I went I
found some green food coloring for a
second I thought it was in green I was
like oh my kind of got the wrong way
anyway and then I saw this and I
couldn't help myself so I'm gonna go
scary Ali and then I'm gonna give her a
zebra cake so she doesn't get mad at me
best plan ever hey girl what's up
where's Ali Oh surprise happy st.
Patrick's Day yeah happy st. Patrick's
Day time to enjoy st. Patrick's Day the
proper way excellus is probably all I
call that I poured this terrible oh my
god don't make 10 don't make fun of me
too much see if you're over 21 you can
do this if you're under 21 just take
apple juice and will die some apple
juice all right let's add a little food
dye I don't even know how many wait what
go go oh I forgot to take the little
take 21 how many drops to you that's so
cool almost green beer green beer does
green beer equal green poop yeah you
guys want to think about that in yet I
put way too much at black beer happy st.
Patrick's Day look at the CTFxC assembly
line look at all that all that and then
we have all these boxes still to go
through yeah if you ordered a hoodie a
couple weeks ago good news is they're
shipping tomorrow morning Oh Zoe you
started pick up your mess if you want a
hoodie we're gonna do another pre-order
I didn't say anything in the vlog last
time it was all on the trippy channel
youtube.com slash trippy so only the
hardcore CTFxC is new but if you go to
internet Kel telecom for one week only
we're gonna do one more order of the
hoodies before summer comes but the good
news is these are their brisk their
brisk hoodies you can wear them anytime
or not your call whatever if you want to
be the loser kid the lamer kid or you
want to be the cool kid Ali's a cool kid
normally your lamb awareness get a lame
kid zoie you're the lame kid too well we
should make doggy hoodies no you know we
should make we should make bathing suits
oh god dogs oh god get at the root the
absurdity continues whoo hoo more
leprechaun beer that is so cool could
you be any more focused look at that
guys we finished Marley did it all by
herself good job Marley oh let's pull
the hair now we got to get up in the car
are we gonna do that hon all right so
I'm gonna go to bed now we got to wake
up early and take care of this and then
we gotta drive to Pensacola and go hang
out with AFI whoo so I will see you guys
tomorrow have a good night and like it
whimsy have you ever wanted the same
hoodie that Charles and allie ware in
their videos you asked for it and now
they're here yeah you're totally awesome
CTFxC s 4 hitters hoodie today and
internet killed television dot-com want
to impress that totally hot girl trying
to get that cute boy from science class
here's your chance results guaranteed
results are guaranteed internet kill
tell jen calm available only for a
limited time Charles you're such a sell
out your mom's sell out he's Charles
Charles Trippy with Marley Zoe and his
fiance Ali you can watch my channel we
need a decision from the internet
I
