what are you doing I don't have any
water and I have a massive headache so
i'm gonna see if i could take a pill
with that water just gonna be funny I
gotta build up the saliva it's good
taste so bad if I can't get it down
that's what she said I wish you would
just waiting i can buy sweetie in like
five minutes you can drink it
did you get it
yes I got one I think I was disgusting I
thought was gonna gag
oh I did it that's great i don't
recommend it because it tastes like crap
but it's possible to swallow a pill
without water do you guys remember when
your pants were trying to show you how
to swallow pills cuz I do and my parents
tried everything they were like they put
it in chocolate syrup they put it in
like peanut butter like all the crappy
do for dogs to try and get them to eat
pills and I would not swallow a pill I
used to take Flintstone vitamins they
were delicious have a good day class
what you better be here such a jerk love
you fun checking out all the girls on
the way home they're ugly you're the
hottest one whoa look at that ass
hey hot stuff gonna get your number I'm
embarrassing Ali bye sexy I love
embarrassing my lovely beautiful fiance
have you guys ever wanted to just like
rob one of those like okay you know what
I've always wondered about those things
is that um what do you think to gas
mileage is on those those armored cars
because like seriously they got to be
worse than Hummers right because they're
like all armor like in bulletproof I
don't know actually here's a fun fact my
uncle used to drive one of those I
should ask him what is oh my god i broke
my belt that's a serious belt fail are
you kidding me am I am I that big hello
fix what the heck you guys are just
looking at my crotch this is an excuse
to look at my crotch you perverts yeah
looks like Marley feels much better
today we were told that on glucosamine
has a lot of sugar so Marley might have
some side effects of being extremely
hyper and she's been running around
destroying things oh by the way she got
on the table and open up another package
you're just watching as Ali just
vacuumed Ali's just watching in
amazement as she's there destroy
everything he we got some more shirts
whoo more shirts all right I gotta go
gotta go do my taxes gotta go do my
taxes it got to be important I gotta be
businesslike you like that harrumph
harrumph come on you know what he'll
make me a pie go making ha go do the
laundry go do the dishes look at this
mess look at this mess clean this mess
up hahaha do you not want yeah
bastard yeah nice you gonna nut me ha
still fell for you still got a ghost are
you scared stop what do you don't do it
again okay say things Marley 8 this week
cuz we're Lissa's from yesterday's video
we're recapping house do the voiceover
things Marley 8 this week gotta come
closer to the money no in this camp I've
come closer to the mic other words gonna
sound loud echoey and don't say it like
a dingbat huh okay oh ok for serious any
girl hit a girl I'm a helmet helmet what
is heavy what is that exactly is the
type of engine I got a me I got a dual
force triple axel 55 caliber and heavy
oh I think this is zoomed on my face
that's like I actual there's 4522 is 55
even the thing I've you need to run and
quit running around the house destroying
things and eating things oh my god i'ma
throw you down another slide such know
first my pants break I mean fell prick
no Charles bad could drag it with so
demeaning now I know why Zoe Marley hate
their leash that house he's gonna know
you still miss me
30 husky ready puppy hey hey the pop
okay nope oh hello oh yeah i forgot to
tell you guys we're gonna go hang out
tomorrow actually be thursday so be two
days from now but thursday the 18th
we're going to go um AFI is playing in
pensacola I can't remember what it's
called but they're playing oh hi you're
like a baby Tyson but yeah if I was
playing in Pensacola and we were invited
to come hang out with a hunter and the
rest of the guys and last time we went
to the show i guess it was november you
guys had a lot of questions that you
wanted me to ask AFI and Hunter
specifically so what I would it do this
time I asked mr. was cool if you guys
have a question that you want to ask AFI
leave a comment with your question and I
will look through it and i will ask them
on thursday tomorrow when you see this
video or maybe if you're watching on
thursdays today so leave a comment I'll
have my iphone I'll be able to check and
whatever question you guys I just
stepped in poop let's see if i get a
tally watch it
Oh see if you can hear you got one free
shot see if you can hit me you're gonna
miss you're totally gonna miss going on
this coach my head and she's off Ali's
playing the football a little hole
random kid up got a friend ooh you're so
dainty oh you'd be quiet that thing is
like seriously a skeleton she's like be
good she's this isn't like the fact that
it's up here see anyone come up here my
well here's another one okay so small
Marley jealous miley's gonna go eat some
more glucosamine shooting the bike oh oh
shit's not shooting okay okay we're even
where are you now are even now we're
even never tenderize the meat before
Ali's beating their meat let me
tenderize your meat that sounds best
that sounds terrible watching you cook
is hilarious oh look at the cute face
you're a very good cook you're very cute
cook you're cute cook
wit all right I'm gonna let you beat
your meat I'm gonna go take the dogs
sounds like chef ali good job baby that
looks delicious and you can't have it
the Cadbury Creme Egg what do you
remember the commercial where it was
like the little rabbit he's just web and
he's just like hope like next to it like
that you're a right commercial no you
don't remember check this out this is
this is by far the best handwriting I've
ever seen in the entire world look at
that isn't that like perfect that's like
perfect handwriting I I was I'm just
baffled on the craziness of the
handwriting you guys can't write you
want to see my handwriting I'll show you
mine what and compare this compare that
to my handwriting yep I write like a
four-year-old oh you know I write like a
doctor that's much better to say this is
so awesome okay this is from Bajoran
Jackson I'm pride butchering your name
wrong from canada but it's a decal and
they made them that is so cool I have to
replay my favorite game of all time
quick what game or what version of the
game is this such a good game best game
ever ok this is this is my nerdiness is
gonna come out right here ally and I
were just talking about this this
particular sound I associate with my
childhood ok right here hold on hold on
ready listen okay ready this sound this
particular sound I love that sound hey
guys it's melissa trippy Charles
trippi's little sister I'm sure some of
you seen me in some of Charles and Ali's
video vlogs some of you are my followers
on Twitter and for that I thank you some
of you know I have submitted an
application to be the American Idol
correspondent for Ellen DeGeneres I
think I'd be pretty good at it what do
you guys think anyways I just wanted to
say thank you so much for all of your
support and if you want to send an out
reply to Ellen her Twitter account is
somewhere in one of these boxes so all
you have to do is click on the
description and it'll go ahead and
retweet something to Ellen directly from
your twitter account again thank you so
much for all of your help and hope to
talk to you all soon I he's Charles
Charles trapping with Marley Zoe and his
fiance alley you can watch it on this
channel we need a decision from the
internet
