you know what's actually it's really
good to be back in Tallahassee I kind of
missed it you got to run a bunch of
errands
cuz I've been gone for about two weeks
so I have to go to the peel box I have
to one of our fish died I gotta get a
new fish I was thinking about going to
gamestop because they had that like 50%
plus trade-in thing so I want to get
some new video games but not tell if
we're gonna tell Alex we're not gonna
tell her at all
no games for her mr. P o box where are
you lots of keys oh this is always a bad
sign actually it's a good sign what I
mean that's a lot of boxes going to the
P o box has been really honestly like
one of my most favorite things to do in
the day because like it blows my mind
every single time like it really
honestly does every single time I go to
the mailbox and I'm like oh this is from
Switzerland this is from Brazil this is
from like Estonia it's no it's really
crazy that like you guys are watching
these videos from all over the world
it's like when you see wouldn't you
think when I think of you know making
videos on YouTube I'm like oh the dude
in Wisconsin is watching or the guy from
New York's watching I completely forget
about like the entire you know 99% of
the world so it's really cool it's kind
of like a reminder and how big YouTube
is
worked my brilliant plan work how did
you not know that I was it's funny you
know you would have done it to me
I was wait was waiting for like 10
minutes with the camera and she'd even
recognize that I was doing it
duty your stomach your stomach baby you
can't come in here with like a good
thing of water and think that was it
that was good that was good you know it
was boom it's paul Blart
paul Blart say it say it say paul blart
mall cop ten times fast
blart mall cop paul Blart markup paul
blart mall cop or well i'll blart mall
cop paul blart mall cop our blood yeah
paul Blart mark paul Blart paul blart
mall cop paul blart mall cop paul you
can't do it paul blart mall cop that was
a terrible name for a movie guys
small socks wait wait wait
what's a cool shirt no it's always sunny
even got your backwards Mac hat that's
Ally's new favorite meme internet meme
fuck you out a minute fuck you I'm an
anteater
so we're at the mall and we're going to
go to the up bay um yeah we're at the
mall we're gonna go to the Oh what are
you doing okay the second breath them
all we're going to hit up the game stop
apparently you get 50% on top of what
you get in for trade-in so if you trade
in the game you get twenty dollars I'll
give you another ten so you get thirty
dollars for a game when I get the new
Barbie game I want to get the new Barbie
game
I hate Barbie just came out and Tommy
Tonka oh you should get that one
Dangerous Hunts I know it's only twenty
dollars a lot of you guys told me I
should get this one this one I think we
should get this one out or always the
other one I saw this one make sure
actually a lot of people like that how
about this one no cuz they have like a
part two of the is this they have some
really weird games nowadays i'd like
girls who wear ever copy it bitch at
doopa doopa doopa to one wish something
girls for the summer
nothing makes less than chicken Oh what
about that chicken in China Chinese
chicken
TV yeah that's so bad oh my god when you
walk into every copy of bitch two things
loud music and you can't breathe because
of the clothes
right there yeah
your shirt
I become a hanger with Ali's job
yeah at least I'm not holding a purse
least I don't have a witness on my shirt
drive I can't hear a word you're saying
the tech goes too loud what I cannot
hear a word just say you guys hear I
can't breathe I get free the game
well that's a way to long
I guess that's my payback for getting
Ally laughs we should get this guy named
um Templeton that's awesome he's cute
what do you do with a hamster just like
a hamster
there's so much going on here it's
really crazy so many legs I'm moving
as our favorite stoner turtles
they'll be cool if we can get like a
little tiny one little turtles of oh no
keep going
no everyone said not to get a bird to
get your nutritious
we got Ally's little fish sauce of
companions
oh man guess what we just came home to
okay let's recap remember when I left
for LA for Shay's birthday Ali said that
Marley had a whole box of trefoil Girl
Scout cookies the next day she ate a bag
of ramen noodles
the next day she opened up several of
the packages so that you guys sent and
today she decided to eat a 70 or $80
bottle of glucosamine yep and then she
proceeded to vomit all over the floor
and yeah so we had to call at doggy er
specialist said she's gonna be fine but
that she's going to be a little bit
runny out her butt side
I swear Marley you know you know the
thing Marley & Me she must have read the
book that's the only thing I can like
put together is that Marley read the
book Marley or me or she watched the
movie or something did you guys watch
the movie when I was gone now no you
must have rented it by yourself did you
Netflix it and as always nobody here
freaking out look at this she's like oh
did I do that it smells delicious I
probably eat this again don't worry guys
Marley's gonna be fine but she's just an
asshole well since Marley was such a
jerk I have to go get a carpet shampooer
I guess this is one way to get one right
I secretly wanted one anyway I know I'm
having excuse me I'm having Ally uh put
together the your voice sounded really
weird right there did their voice sound
completely different there you made a
witch voice so yeah yes right do this
now do this now yeah so let's go check
out Marley see how she's doing
Marley Marley how you feel oh she's
stretching oh and oh let's go show them
your belly come here look how fat she is
look out I could stand up mark go ahead
look how fat she cut so you stop making
fun of me you eight eighty dollars of
glucosamine okay you know what Marley
just had but yeah I'm gonna tell
everyone okay the only way I can
describe this you guys are gonna hate me
for this you guys are really gonna hate
me for this but I feel like it's funny
enough to tell you take a two liter
bottle of coke take the lid turn it
upside down and squeeze and that's what
happened tomorrow you love that one oh
yeah yeah feeding ali al he's being
defeated by
how they so hungry in there it says
don't add water huh
good luck thing is Marley ate this week
full box of a Girl Scout cookies Fox of
ramen noodles package a viewer sent full
bottle of glucosamine and a computer
sound card Oh Marley he's Charles
Charles Trippy with more Lisa me and his
fiance Ali you can watch my channel we
need a decision from the internet
television
