so guess where we're going we're going
to the renaissance fair or festival it's
gonna be fun yeah oh yeah Lee didn't
tell you that story she'll tell you the
story when we find one so you did on my
other live show that i love you will
find out later but we're going to tampa
we haven't put the tip in a while so
it'll be kind of like visiting home away
from home away from home yeah i miss
tampa but we're gonna go to tampa really
hang up with some friends and we're
going to the renaissance faire drinks
the mead have a turkey leg and watch
some jousting we have been to the
renaissance okay the last time i went to
Renaissance Fair was when i started
youtube back at 07 that I film something
but i never uploaded it because it was
it was kind of like what Kassim does
where you like ask people questions
really i would ask these people
questions at the renaissance fair to try
break make a break character and i did I
asked was pretty good questions but I
was so bad then in front of the camera
but it's gonna be good to go see these
because these people are possibly into
this stuff oh we know when we're getting
close to Fowler when we see the giant
Confederate flag
I'd ampa caution war horses dude that
guy needs to close his legs I mean oh
this is gonna be interesting it's like
what was the movie we were just talking
about role model oh man this is be
awesome just go where all the the old
tiny place this is awesome you want to
be a winch
people drinking this so crazy
chest filled good throw knife see knows
easy my friend I think you just throw it
like this did you already experienced
throwing chips just like so you want to
a mince words when schools better the
opposite hand opposite foot your
throwing hand should be for anybody I
know who you have and I decided to go
for it try both ways
called out o it on the shoulders get it
yes I'm very comfortable with the fact
that only need three dangerous
I think you said can't go to last
launcher Oh dark hey wait today how to
you where do i curtsy I don't curtsy I
think I supposed to curtsy I'm a girl I
don't bow that's not right hey this
might be where this might be where I'll
be able to get an egg
that is a lot of leather that's like a
dominatrix dream right there hello
rooster like this better not going
YouTube
that was one big cock okay I couldn't
resist I knew if I didn't say somebody
in the comments would have said it and
you know kiss huffy bike 15 minutes huh
look out behind me Sam I don't know I
don't do it what bags he knew about
tryptophan now waiting for the jousting
alley enjoying that turkey leg what
enjoying that turkey leg yeah dude it
hurt when you put it in braids like
everyone else Oh like like that that's
what you need to do
oops hey that is the king
wait why are we booing him
with Reuben
that our guy i dunno thing within this
list to disgrace myself the ground going
to ride on the agent
Oh
who the other team
Oh
tiebreaker
Oh
we totally
we are the champions
Oh
Oh
that's right he's got a big mustache it
doesn't matter what dude I think the old
guys Chuck Norris
oh how does get body part but you will
not you too
so if you're asking um who won or what
was going on there I have no idea I
think that was just their form of
rustling I don't know oh the poor little
ponies this was the turkey like he's emo
is the emo horse emo mr. ed hell no I
don't want no puffy boomba how do you
see it's gotta be so annoying it'd be
like every single like five minutes me
just doing this to you it feels good you
already start cutting you in the head
right job just gonna start petting you
to cutting every one of the heads is
random people I feel your pain we got a
pirate pirates just walking around like
normal commercial flicks is welcome oh
my god we got free cookies royal
procession
take two fuck god you're such an ass
good so what did you think about the
Renaissance Faire uh I don't know it's
it definitely is unique expand it was
unique I didn't get any fake dragon eggs
am getting gonna fake it see the thing
is um the those who didn't know the
story were talking about when Ali was
like five a lady gave Ali a marble and
she said it was a dragon egg mystical
yes yeah and said it was a dragon and
take care of it and it will hatch one
day so Ali you should took care of in
her pocket for five years and when she
was ten she realized I didn't think it
was a dragon okay but it was my favorite
Marvel yeah and then yeah so she had a
marble hitter pocket I'm like ever seen
and believed her so she wanted to pick a
fight tomorrow it's gonna be a dragon
she was gonna pick a fight with the
marble lady today but she couldn't find
him so if you can give there's a
Renaissance Fair this is another thing
I'm Twitter I got a lot of responses
when Europe and Europe a lot of people
were saying that it's kind of funny that
we celebrate the Renaissance Fairs like
celebrate with Renaissance Fairs Eve
even though the United States never had
a renaissance that's kind of funny so
I'm gonna think about damnum careful get
to try to give it away Carrie get yeah I
have carrots you want one hey so love
you forever let go oh look at yet mmmmmm
like now I'd rather you this so go with
it oh he's gonna get lost forever good
there buddy good no no no no no no no
hey dubs tubs that's Cubs stubs what's
my fingernail grey cups or Gary Gary
you're gay num num num num num num num
num no no no no none of them sisters
between my sweater this loop he pooped
in your pocket okay okay hey you know
dude yes
nom nom nom nom nom don't know this was
a fight I'm just trying to get as many
points as possible oh no she said how's
it feel to get your butt kicked in ready
to grab it by me how about you didn't
even start the game you just came it's
okay okay have you guys played this game
a raving rabbids is sick weirdest cave
I've ever played but it's pretty
addicting it's very suggestive very
suggestive with emotions have a low top
honor faster
so what's with all the napkins down
there huh really like dudes crazy dance
and throw napkins every half an hour and
I'm gonna get all over the place
what do they have
they got a shawarma
flaming cheese
the guy just like yeah whatever
better than hooters
a valiant dollar richer dollar
Oh
greatest restaurant hammers
that's the aftermath
so we just got back to Ali's parents
house and we discovered this mess right
here and that one's hiding but it has
like if you look where is it right here
if you look it felt like gluten from
little batteries and circuits so we're
trying to figure out what she destroyed
there was a puzzle with Marlon you never
know what she destroys yeah you know it
bitch are you still pretty cute this is
why I love you too she can watch old
Twilight zones what is it scared us
2,000 feet or something like that
mon-sat shooting 2,000 feet rs.20000
beach how many used to think the
twilight zone was real cuz when i was
little i was always so scared as well as
own face thought it was real he's
Charles Charles trippin with my Lisa
Rihanna's fiance alley you can watch
each other's channel ready in decision
for the internet
