now they went to go get some coffee and
I was looking online to see if there
like a secret menu stuff they have a
bunch of the secret menu like
frappuccinos this was a mermaid prodigy
on a patina there's a better view one
which one you see the mermaid one it
looks kind of like the unicorn one hi
we're going to be those people that
order off the secret menu can you guys
make the mermaid Sabatino that one we
don't have all the ingredients for what
we've been doing is I'm just
implementing with the pokemons go I
think is the one and then we add
something on top that's not great this
is what's beautiful about the daily
videos is that after 3,000 days you kind
of wonder what you're going to do kind
of one of those ones that just fell into
our lap and we thought it'd be kind of
fun so we're going to go to many fast
food places are just restaurants and
order off the speaker menus right styrax
we got the flavor optional but they
don't have all the ingredients so they
called it the pokemons go slash mermaid
proper tuna so it's the Pokemon mermaid
which was very lame all right now
everyone's me look at that it's so crazy
looking it almost looks like a Slimer
it's crazy so this isn't mixer this is
the Pokemon go slash mermaid brothers
you know you get stripers to the tuzik
cousin one girl and a mermaid make it
taste like a straight-up milkshake right
it's really deceiving you see the green
you see the purple when you're like very
macho yes but it's not it actually
tastes pretty good it tastes like a
straight-up milkshake and that's the top
we've got a little green goodness it was
one tiny piece of whipped cream is it
weird to do that I don't know what I was
thinking is going to taste like really
not licking your face alright so what do
we think if you wanted 10 scale I would
give that a 7 is it mind blowing you
know what it is it's just so milk shaky
I mean it's so good I give this like a 6
because to me it kind of tastes like
just like a vanilla milkshake let's go
to the next restaurant all right
tonic please
Taco Bell and this one apparently has a
gold the Hulk
alright we're going to make something
all day and it is going to go right to
us if it's called the Hulk
where you know reading up on this as we
go and requesting the hole you're
probably going to get like a really
awkward response from them if they know
it I'm gonna be super surprised we are
in order to items off your secret menu
do you know how to make the Incredible
Hulk
it's one you don't have anything so
really I actually don't know what it is
I'm trying to explain it I'm sorry I
know isn't such a weird request alright
don't you look right that looks great
great thank you thank you so much easier
yep you did thank you so much this is
called The Incredible Hulk at Taco Bell
Canetti it's incredibly that mean you
get that it's incredibly heavy I you
know I've learned in my life to just
ignore her sometimes it's a five layer
burrito but instead um nacho cheese
cheese they had ulagam oh look how huge
this thing is see this yeah bring it
closer you guys look at that huge Gators
taste it now what did the judge the hell
out of this thing it's a bean I feel
like with burritos and any Mexican and
Taco Bell food you can't really go wrong
I would give that a nine I was really
good so I'm going to give the Incredible
Hulk a nine score what about you I'm
going to give a look at tn8 I reason
mine that's one of the highest one I
know I'm giving you an eight because I
feel like you need something else to
this it's being sneeze cheese and
welcome Olynyk like a nice crunch you
know I could probably alter it was you
can't I called thing you know like
Marvel sting we put a crunchy one in
there and then it would be kind of the
color a thing it so be crunchy order
that do the thing
it's the secret menu item that Charles
created I just created this next stop
Wendy's Wow cousin some runnin after
this and you don't believe it I was
going to be
hi how's it goin I'm going to order two
things off the secret menu the first
would be the barnyard burger and the
second would be the meat cube okay so I
have that okay and then the other one is
the barnyard burger all right anything
else no I think can I get a water route
1484 sir all right thank you thanks much
okay oh my god it's so heavy
no nope this bags gotta weigh over a
pound because the native overpass I feel
like it weighs at least I click down
we're downs of whatever whatever this is
now we're trying the meat cube and the
barnyard burger from Wendy's oh my god
look do we know what's one glance I'm
pretty sure this is the full path yeah
oh my gosh okay so now this is the barn
burner so it's got chicken a beef
patties it has bacon on it cheese and
lettuce and tomatoes gotta make it
healthy I've got crisp lettuce mayo
looks like Swiss they're Americans are
crisp fresh lettuce yes crazy
my guess a bad because there's all those
things you would eat normally your
conscience says not to do it see it's a
mouthful yeah see that's the only thing
is like it's too much at one point sound
bad okay see as far as taste goes I'm
going to say that tastes better than a
burrito it's definitely better than the
Brio so I'm going to get that a9 right
there I'm like would I ever eat that I
feel like I need to take back to Rio the
burrito was good for me but this is
definitely I feel like the breeders
should be a seven I'm going to change it
to back to it I said I think it's eight
nine or ten you have to be like blown
away separately they'd be good but all
at once it's a lot now this one is the
grotesque one this is called the meat
cube and it looks like it for obvious
reasons it is for one to four patties so
each one of these I guess would be
quarter pound so it's one four quarter
pound burgers on one burger with crisp
lettuce tomato onions ketchup mayo
cheese between each patty by the way and
the large button I don't even know how
harmful in if I can put my mouth on a
misnomer sorry but I nor dessert okay
put your mouse over that bears my head
it's really good see I feel like all
these things are going to be really good
but it's just going to be like you can't
eat it all at once otherwise you're just
irresponsible it's huge oh you thought
besides my head is so high you know what
I'm gonna get this one in eight I'm
gonna give it a nine as well I mean
they're not bad these are all really
good it's just it's a lot of meat so I'm
gonna need a nap after all this all
right on to the next place
welcome back to my camp
certainly I'm actually trying to order
off your secret menu it's called a
triple down
I think it's just some convincing an
explanation I understand though why they
don't make an awesome what is it called
the triple down a KSP there are three
chicken breasts I mean in between that
is like lettuce and this one has lettuce
and Mayo in it but I don't know if it
had tomato or anything of that sort of
freshness over here it's like the best
thing to get them to make it because
this is literally just taking 3 piles of
chicken and putting them on while each
other you know it'll help you in hold it
okay I go you can't use your mouth
around it mmm I'm sure there's chicken
on there
come on Karen at us we can get my mouth
on a bit stop
this is literally like I want chicken
it's spicy do yeah I feel like I'm just
eating chicken wings such a contender
that's all it is
I would have to give this a seven I'm
not gradual the secret menu item do I
get this one up now yeah okay six I give
it seven just because it's so hilarious
my god we are running we are running
tonight so six and a seven for a triple
down at KFC oh yeah
hi how's it going I'm just trying to
order some things from the secret menu
so I was going to order the big
McChicken make it the big McChicken
which is yeah it's off your secret menu
and then the other thing is a cinnamon
melt ala mode everything all right thank
you
and so funny a lot of people don't know
that they have a secret menu so we're
trying to teach them it and it's even
more fun oh thank you thank you so much
thank you you too this is the cinnamon
ala mode there's cinnamon melt which is
like a gooey cinnamon bun it's like a
silent movie and then a vanilla ice
cream goes here here's a part led to the
fourth yep after this like disgusting it
will have a force
that one good look really good only bad
thing is this one melts really quick you
can't go wrong with ice cream or
cinnamon they'd like I'm going to go out
on a limb that's a 10 out of 10 for me
this one's like a tendency to it's not
healthy at all but none of these are
healthy what are you talking about
funny thing is there was a vegetarian
option on the McDonald's secret menu it
literally was like bread and cheese so
it's an advantage and that's all we got
one more from McDonald's as well this is
actually a final one we got from
McDonald's is called a big McChicken so
it takes a CAF season but this one adds
beef to it look at this one it's why I'm
like having a hard time looking at any
of the food items so gross
it's a Big Mac but instead of the bread
the bread is the chicken so the chicken
is a replacement for the bread for a Big
Mac so it's very similar to the KSD one
but there's beef inside it now I'm not a
fan of that one oh that was a five nope
would you do that once I give it like a
three by delivery on a big McChicken and
McDonald again anymore we have one more
we have to go to Burger King and we're
going to get the suicide burger there's
the last one okay great hi how's it
going I'm actually going to be ordering
off your secret menu menu by getting the
suicide burger with some of the most
monstrous 113 okay oh my god you guys
yeah you want to take a bite so this is
probably gonna be heavier than a knee
cube Oh delet oh my god this is called
the suicide burger this is twice the
size of being me cube and I've got to
say are you ready audience look at that
thing oh my God look at this next to our
head especially your head you have a pen
a cute look at that considering how big
my head is why did I think this is a
good idea how are you gonna put your
mouth friend left I don't know I don't
think I can
Tabitha's bite you help with this the
other day I can barely get my hands
around this there's no way she's gonna
do this I feel so sick do it do it do
you want to feel this today this was
your bad idea
yesterday was mine a bad idea my eyes
are like three how many times is it one
two three four five six this is
incredible actually one pencil on this
one I have to give a ten for
presentation so the McDonald's alamode
ice cream come on okay one and eight and
I'm can't believe I'm saying that it's
gross take another break but as far as
taste wise and that's what we're judging
is taste I would have to get the suicide
burger at Burger King attend I get why
it's a suicide that's a heart attack
burger take another bite Oh oh my god
this is so pretty bad it's sesame seed
bun we just got home and I gotta say I
don't feel very good at all I don't know
that it only their some of you guys
might be thinking we just waste a lot of
food and to that I have to say we
probably did waste a lot of fast food
for that what we want to try to do is
kind of give back we went through all
the receipts we spent about forty
dollars so what we plan on doing is we
go to feeding America org and we're
going to go there and we're going to
donate twice the amount so we're gonna
donate eighty dollars
this isn't a sponsor by the way for
every dollar that you give back to
feeding America it provides 11 meals to
those in need so that's roughly 880
meals kind of justifies making this
cracky disgusting video guys this isn't
a sponsor this is just us wanting to
give back to you in a much more positive
way than giving out fast food you guys
do want to donate please click that link
below
we'll be sure to provide that if you
guys have any other secret menu items
that you know of other like restaurants
please let us know in the comments and
we will try to go check them out we're
actually going to go on a very long run
right now we will see you guys tomorrow
as always please don't forget to
subscribe have a wonderful night bye
guys thanks for watching
