dude oh my god they brought rocky race
back on the 360 for like one weekend and
it's my favorite favorite thing to do on
halo and what are you doing 230 get up
jumping up since two well I'm playing
halo and then like I've got some big old
my brother just told me that the
remaking perfect dark for the 360 was
just better graphics and pull this
wonder to sleep you jealous yeah it's
like that they're just responding by
doing Hawaii as their people so we just
keep assassinating and they keep
responding the same fuckin place go have
you noticed that they have married with
children on comedy central now and I was
just talking to Ali like I used to love
the show when I was little but watching
it now it's so poorly done and so cheesy
but that is true I think it's why I
Eddie everyone watch that movie have
exactly that TV show oh no I know I know
I know but it's so like they're you
recognize them he even has a crowbar to
what I don't know Mitch you guys like
married with children when you were
younger
it has been such a crappy day today it's
been raining constantly that's finally
stopped right right all right I'm
driving so I shouldn't take Leah she can
only give a serious face for like point
five seconds she can't she's like angry
that it starts coming you could look and
it just starts breaking horrible person
is that like a Rooney song oh yeah
that's it watch it go break it ally
broke her phone so she's trying to get
it fixed yes you did she didn't break it
she just doesn't how to work it she
doesn't ought to figure how to make the
alarm the alarm big noise there's a lot
of things just like a system thing I
think it needs to be reset to write
verizon any ever now good we're in best
buy right now and okay this is one of my
favorite things this one of Ali's
favorite things she's already doing it
too we go around on the max
okay I was like going and looking on
public computers and going and opening
up like photo booth watching the photos
people taken look at this for example
look at this
I don't know what these guys are doing
they're just
yep I don't know and here's some more I
wonder who these people are I know what
if they watch the videos wait go back
wait huh that 11 I know you know her if
you do really that's kind of funny let's
see if the other computers at home
nothing on this one try it next time
you're at the apps apple store or
bestbuy just open up photo booth and
just check out all the photos and videos
people do a public computers I had to
leave one myself I left my mark now does
your job to find it we are at the best
buy on university in Sarasota your job
is to find that photo on that computer
good luck internet that's such a lady
gaga hat she wore something crazy like
that another Kermit or something like
that wasn't it I don't know but I have a
lot of really crazy hat is a crazy Zoe
the flapper you torment that dog so much
cute Porthos oh well it is now aged
thirty at night and this is like the one
of the few times that we actually got to
go outside because it has been raining
constantly can't really see out there
but all water itself flooded there's a
ambulance so came here every one of
those days where it's just like so
crappy this is well okay I love rainy
days and I hate him at the same time
like I love like fault either falling
asleep terrain or waking up terrain but
then you never wake up and then you
wasted a
she's been doing that all day too that's
bad for the break Zoe bad for the brakes
we're gonna go see the movie green zone
I think we're gonna go see green zone
that are of Alice in Wonderland I'm okay
we're at a movie theater that I haven't
been to since I was 16 you never read
this one I used to go to this one when I
was 16 but yeah we're thinking about
going to see green zone or else I'm
gonna wear let Wonderland I'm not sure
which one's better me I would like to
see wolfman remember me you don't want
to see Robert Powell that or I like to
see avatar avatar I'm so done without
avatar we can go see the movie meet
popcorn or met popcorn met popcorn right
there I want to try or try our gore and
I'll go see my popcorn that sounds good
she's out of my league whole scene on
the doors yeah they did it go I used to
sneak into this movie theater when I was
younger I used to go through those doors
right there oh oh I wrapped it around or
skip look at the little heart work
see my friends would go in and then they
would open it for me never do that never
do that little brother what's the right
there oh right there looks right up I
really miss working movie theater just
said you choose yeah I said I didn't
miss the piss smell that I really did
herself oh yeah really that no but I was
just like hated to help there in the
booth is just like looking at people one
time my friend Hannah and I like the
only people in the movie I think we're
seeing accepted and we were just we were
so loud because we thought it was so
funny but nowhere else is in there so we
were just really about we just get out
of the movie green zone and a brief
little synopsis if you think this is
going to be borne identity for it's
definitely not it's a it's more of a war
movie right it's like a modern war
basically exactly what happened yeah
it's yeah it's like it's it's like you
know the how people lied about WMDs and
uh if all she'll tell ya so it's
basically that it's a really good movie
I enjoyed it so go see green zone Miss
Ellie up because she doesn't like liars
ya know but if you like Matt Damon
you'll definitely like this movie David
if you like him you're gonna like the
movie I like it Oh Holly from the office
is in it as well so we fogged it up oh
it's like the it's like a never let go
Jack
now we have a smudge he's Charles
Charles trippin with Miley Zoe and his
fiance Ali you can watch my channel what
are your decision from the internet
