please okay you win good morning hi
girls there we go you aqua dog and you
were lazy dogs going don't come in here
click open the door you have a long neck
oh boy did you sit there mommy where's
my tea ready juice it's like a raptor oh
yeah oh wait your weight get out of
house man girls no no no no run away run
away money no matter what you do with a
cat if you buy them any brand new
bedding of their wildest dreams it
doesn't matter you could open the
smallest box and they will find that way
more comfortable than anything else I
ridiculous that's exactly right we have
so many boxes and I know that my cat
would just die to get in them you guys
wanna bother you um our new CTFxC box
for your cats there are only nine ninety
five new home chi gong just y'all
hey kitchen is really pretty she's just
mean hi you guys want to see the house
for buying it's a surprise I wanted to
show Ali right there that is the house
that we just bought it only costs a
kazillion dollars well yeah they're
still working on it we get to move in at
least I think March I think oh I mean
babe oh that's we bought that one the
third house right there that's guess and
that's the double guest house too that's
a Frank Lloyd Wright house right there
these houses are ridiculous yeah we
moving in the end of may I should say
that March goes March God so you guys
excited about a house we do and that
house that's the guest house but it's a
couple blocks down because we don't have
enough for ya so about five houses whoo
oh that one too it's miserable we call
it it's all your fault so I was busy
editing and now we're at the beach I
don't know what's going on with me I
think it's like being up here like
airplanes I need to take emergency
before and fly anymore so nice beats
though yeah well way to go back to bed
after waking up Oh Ali fell she hooks
kind of funny though we're on the beach
and nobody's actually in a bathing suit
everyone's in the full close yeah
they're hauling close that's actually
kind of funny you go to the beach in
Florida in February you're wearing the
pants or sweatpants okay so it's a look
at all the hot bodies when I look at all
the hot bodies out up there's some boobs
a flicking flicking movie go big blue
big movie
haha this is the kid show watch your
language I'm gonna make a sand castle
see you know what the difference is
between this in Venice Beach when I do
the pan weep and this direction there's
usually giant mountains isn't that weird
no bounce no mountains here in Florida
up legal let's play a guessing game guys
how much do you think this house right
here would cost you say 20 million
they've seen the toy I said five but I
guess I I guess I don't understand how I
just could never fathom spending 20
million dollars I don't know what do you
guys think how much do you think that is
the key not even on the waters five
dollars actually so rather than waiting
in this long line of traffic we decided
to go walk around saying armor circle
the key the key thing about saying arm
circle if you come here make sure well
you're you wear your pastel pants and
your big hats bring lots of money cuz
it's pretty yuppie isn't it you realize
you're saying that in front of people in
pastel pants with a lot of money right
that's why I'm saying it here's more
pastel here than i'm on a Frank Lloyd
Wright painting prints Lloyd Wright is
not a painter he's an architect what's
the dude I'm thinking about the guy who
did all the like beachy things and come
on you know I'm talking about he always
did the pencil draw that Frank Lloyd
Wright
I thought it was that is played Who am I
mean you have been I think he may have
done but no I know you know I'm talking
about right he does we're gonna find it
just saw the whole exhibit and yeah
exactly oh my gosh what's that frankly i
don't know i think that guarantee we'll
we'll find out the architect i thought
was frankly right I have no idea dude
for examples of pains were talking about
like a little like the one where he's
like he's like painting himself he's
like this Norman Rockwell that's ready
follicular Frank Lloyd Wright is the
architect that's right you will see you
yeah there's dad would be killing us
right now you will see more pests out
here than in a Norman Rockwell painting
that like thank you victory goods you
said that's the Frank Lloyd Wright house
he's an architect you had the right
right hand right earlier yeah now right
though you're not really good yeah we're
gonna count it and that was how many
colors that how many do you see Ali's
embarrassed there was a lot of pests
over there I think this is the pastel
house well it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter Oh
but we're going the wrong direction oh
that's right it's a circle we can look
duh yes we can that's the name circles
so that's what i want for birthday a
motorized longboard never I would kill
myself on that Ali wants to go to wet
noses the unique gift still 0 this is 0
oh my god we're getting of this
if I some ridiculous things in here
those are dog cookies I want to eat like
every one of these oh my God he's still
delicious that's a dogs why would you
need to stroll your dog but look at this
remember i said i wanted to dachshund
named lowrider but these dog visors okay
you guys make fun of us you say we we
spoil our dogs that is cool okay that is
awesome is that that wasn't the only
size that is cool Ali guess how much
this is CMOS yeah it's $55 you can get
this up ahead smart
I want her so she almost she was trying
to climb it we were like this could be
on failblog and she stopped I don't he's
got to be on the board
that's how you do it you guys remember
the story about when Ali and I had our
first date we came to a like a
playground stayed out all night while
we're here we thought we would show you
it's called what what Marina jacket yeah
this is like island part yeah so we're
gonna show as where we hung out all
night like over there the playground was
our first kiss yeah that's the
playground and I think was right up
there that's where we had our first kid
great there yep how how romantic do you
guys remember your first kiss and your
dog doesn't count I behind the tree you
know it's really funny about these trees
they have giant rats in them like salt
water rats or something good giant
things and of course you're gonna go say
hi to marcha WT what countries this
ficus tree that's like the best name
that know what fuck you I'm afraid of
rats gonna like jump down and my face go
away why I'm gonna but you can't climb
all the way to the top there you can
you're gonna actually try to do it I
haven't tried do or do not oh great wait
with a what you get up there how you
getting it down ok
oh how are you gonna go get a monkey
look at you jump will catch you that's
the thing about Ali's you can never dare
her to do something cuz she will do it
just to spite you you're getting
spectators now oh hi Buffy she was when
she was watching Ali she will hook come
to a leaky that little baby's crying
beauty terrorists I can't see you
anymore there yeah yeah you survived
what better than just falling straight
down good job shoo no you just climbed a
tree you can get it you know what I'm
gonna put your shoes on the wrong feet
Oh char so what I'm checking in so this
is actually the first Starbucks yeah you
saw that is actually the first starbucks
i think everybody look at the puppy this
is actually the first starbucks where l
and i meant we actually sat over there
and saw all night um
we already got our best today so what do
we do getting more Starbucks I'm
tweaking out I love to taste the coffee
not really coffee district food I'm
talking really fast you know was really
funny our first date I didn't actually
uh drink Starbucks and now a year later
i'm addicted to frappuccinos it's it's
sad okay so I won this playing one of
those stupid little like a games at
Busch Gardens a couple years ago and
I've done nothing with except put in my
closet goes up to your shoulder so yeah
that's your shoulder this is what I'm
gonna bout to give to the dogs get it
that's massive coffee's wearing off yeah
I'll falling asleep more coffee no mark
no mark dad and aunt attendant answer
hey get it Zoe get it Zoe tear it up the
kiddo sorry dude let me go get it you
got a monkey on your back Zoe Zoe go go
go go the monkeys got her Cherie only
night i'm gonna go sing
you want to go thinking leave without
living on a prayer oh the beer thing you
can sing better than this girl
well you know that's true the karaoke
ratio is drunkness versus an awesome
like bility to sing
Oh
kelly nothing in journey at least one
finding anything cool where's that glow
worm thing oh my god it's one of those
crazy scary Furbys look what Ali found
in her closet who had a glow worm
growing up mine was dream of course I oh
you want the glowworm like listen this
isn't sound comfortable at all hello
what was the theme song do you remember
the old ballerina shoes that's funny
there's a lot of crazy stuff in here
though they all the Barbies you guys
anyone want to buy some Barbies we got
some Barbies up there you want to see
something ridiculous this is not many
pairs of pointe shoes I found you life
is our fault that's full it's Paul
functions why would you need that many
why do you need that many of them how
well why'd you keep them all cuz they're
my shoes they're expensive but you can't
fit your feet in those anymore okay Oh
going on do a tippy toe thing it's not
tied you have to be tied to do a tippy
toe thing is that right is that the
proper proper verbiage it's a call to
tippy toe thing might work yeah Herman
they probably should be tied yeah so you
don't break your ankle do you guys
remember when we were traveling I said
something about my bro and polly pocket
was Mike might like micro size like pill
sighs look with a leaf out she found all
our polly pockets like this for example
these used to be like where's one right
here these were for kids okay look how
tiny it is they probably made them like
bigger now so like people will swallow
look this I'm gonna put a tylenol one
okay so that's right there that's
tylenol and that's a polly pocket it's I
think that's why these things are no
longer the small and then they had the
boy version which was called that was it
mighty mighty max or mighty mighty mark
i think was mighty max oh look at this
for this one's even smaller don't even
smaller the other ones today first
how was your first one what were some of
your favorite toys when you're growing
up what was this was your favorite now
this was my favorite polly pocket oh my
favorite toy was like Jurassic Park like
I used to play like Hot Wheels my
brother I love you mmm you're so pretty
make sure to rate comment subscribe
biatch he's Charles Charles trippin with
myleeza Rihanna's fiance alley you can
watch me on this channel any indecision
from the internet
