hey good afternoon everyone so I am back
in Florida actually I back from Sarasota
and look at this lovely girl next to me
so I'm going to a dentist appointment at
tooth hurty cuz that is that corny okay
anyway 230 I should say that and since
my lame joke failed yeah so I don't know
something's wrong with my teeth and I
have been to the dentist in a while
thought so I thought so I thought so I
thought it'd be a good time to go um
you're driving awfully so slow sir do I
just do right okay right you don't know
where you're going I told you I don't
that's okay how this mirror never eat
all the mirrors all goofy I guess
somebody else drove my car I don't know
who did that though oh wait you're Anto
ah I do know what I'm going look say it
now I actually I want to go that way no
I don't actually want to go this way
where the hell am I know I know I was
just being an ass don't worry about it
no no dude it's fine i just like usually
understood that are always doing that or
at lane no I just wanted to be an ass
here said I thought it'd be funny yeah
you too I'm Charles by the way okay have
a good day I go is awesome holy crap
that was so nice okay so basically what
happened was I was at the light and I
mean hey I'm right here I'm not across
the cars used to gain are you yelling oh
I was at the light and I really couldn't
turn right because there's people coming
but he honked on the horn yeah it was
true he didn't do it oh yeah it was like
when the light goes green people honk
but I might what I usually do is I just
wave and smile and try to be like it
kind of a jackass back and then not be
like oh I'm gonna kill you and so he's
gonna like doing this or I kept waving
and he just kind of came up to me and
started making a joke about it and now
we're friends he's gonna call he'll come
over to dinner tonight too I think do
you guys want to see where I worked
which was probably the worst job I ever
had in my entire life is actually right
here oh and here in Sarasota it's over
there basically I was the okay you know
those when you're sitting down to dinner
and then all of a sudden a sign guy and
then all of a sudden somebody calls and
it's like hey would you like to update
your health insurance or anything a
phone solicitor that was me that was me
I did that for like a year it was the
worst job that's probably why I hate
phones baby yours that's why I don't
like being on the phone I think that's
why but I have a bunch of crazy stories
so remind me one day to actually tell
you some of those telemarketing stories
cuz they're kind of crazy fucking in the
dentist it's like dead man walking
nervous are you nervous for me just one
wait wouldn't st. Patrick's Day really
whatever it's a special caso edition of
national geographic well guys I'm sorry
about that I've never had an experience
where somebody made me delete all
footage on my camera of a building that
I was in so um enjoy this video of zoe
marley chasing a laser while i kill some
time weren't they cute that actually
thought a while ago i'm sorry guys I
just had to have a filler um but that's
kind of funny a filler because they went
to the dentist because my dentist
literally sat next to me instead I had
to delete everything off my camera um
because apparently i guess the machines
are very sensitive to photography or
something along those lines I don't know
doesn't know what's causing the the
sensitive thing in my teeth he said I
needed to get braces but i already had
braces so i don't really know what's
going on but i'm glad i went to the
dentist to find out
um so we're gonna go we're gonna go get
some food and then maybe go to the beach
whoa beach because yeah the weird thing
was I didn't film him or any of his
employees or any of his customers or
anything I just filmed the machines and
literally I had a photo of me in the end
of the chair I'm like who like that a
photo and I was like that was the only
faced in that old footage ah oh well
needless to say i'm getting a new
dentist that's for sure oh wait I have a
good idea okay Ali I know I'm gonna get
back at my dentist mmm sugar mmm now
we'll take my cavity wooden teeth to
another dentist mmm these are big ol
billion dollars Cartman asshole Bob
Varney home Fred water yeah I'm sorry
eating these a joke now these are
delicious I'm gonna hear funny story um
both Shay and I all right we have like a
fear of fishing but we will have an
action where we were younger where we
were I think his sister actually did to
him friend of mine did time they took a
poll went back and hook went up their
nose I Spit on you guys I'm sorry the
thing is with mine not only did a hook
up the nose but the worm did so I had a
worm Oh Oh George ashita are certainly
did let's relax that's real oh let's
relax as one pissed-off kidding wait
it's a pissed-off pussy she's so angry
ChaCha hey lovely gummy bears let's go
Marley perspective miley perspective my
liver smackdown I think she's practiced
yokai okay okay it's just not mad at me
you see Kobe oh there's your buddy oh my
gosh he's so we went back to my mom's
house to do taxes tax season you trying
to sing is it just me or tax forms like
the most confusing thing ever I have no
idea what's going on a little bit
different than have it look those ears
you're such a goofy dog ladies tongue
Kobe I think you need to go to the
dentist look at those teeth Tyson Oh
Tyson you need to go to this mr. your
teeth oh you're so sleepy he doesn't
even wake up wake him up Zoey okay so
look my mom knows I'm so obsessed with
the simpsons look what she found every
single Simpsons thing possible high five
mom high five okay girls these are not
for Zoey nope not for Zoey r marley's
itchy is on your bike favorite toy are
you seriously watching this you guys are
ridiculous
are you gonna use what's to hide all
your your 72 my sister now has 7,000
followers on twitter it's ridiculous you
gotta get you a twitter now mom whoa be
Kobe the diving dog my battle against
the dentist continues with Pepsi hmm
okay so i just got this in the mail and
it says oh god Zoey Alice's okay so it
was promised quarter Merry Christmas
assuming that you are in fact cushion if
not hanukkah's where it's at smiley face
you may actually scratch that you must
now keep this paper for life when you I
don't know what that even means when
you're so don't make fun of people's
handwriting it's not very polite okay
something like when I'm older I'll find
it somewhere in a box and I'll read this
poorly written sorry my handwriting is
out of a 13 year old letter and be like
what the fuck one last thing take a
photo with the letter in quarter and
sent it back to me this can be a gift
back to me send it to Charles Trippy
thank you and Merry Christmas p as i
also sent something else that was the
thing I was talking about where Ali won
a quarter on a little luck bye bye space
yeah 2005 so where is it it's King Kong
can you see it King Kong you like house
may even seem like we just got that
letter huh that was actually pretty good
still rawr so you remember uh I remember
we were talking about what we were
talking about how Ali won a quarter on
myspace like fem you know five pick up
the wet a pic of ya and that was the
quarter she's going through a bunch of
stuff and she found it and I didn't you
know what it's like you're a psychic I
am psychic I did exactly what you said I
what I was that means what I'm so lesson
learned I am always right in life and
you should listen to me yeah yep I'm
always right I will always be right look
how organized i'm being everyone i'm
using highlighters and everything aren't
you proud
you get your song down
okay you won't know how to make Charles
more anger than anything else don't do
oh god don't do it forever around him
comb and with food in your mouth go
that's so gross so ghost I'm gonna color
all over you oh my god guess mmm look
all these sharpies your dad just showed
me I'm gonna use those on you i'm going
to call all of you tonight all over you
I'm locking you out you're sleeping on
the couch you're on the couch you're on
the couch tonight YouTube diligently at
work yeah look how organized letting in
pretty colors I'm color coding what I
can write off what I can't write off
what's business expenses and what's not
I am being very organized and then and
I'm playing music screwing around and
they get too hard a bad thing is this is
only three months I still got another
nine months to go through so yeah how
many months in the air 15 no it's
because Ali doesn't ever Ali turns on
every light in the house at our house
you drop on the counter it's the famous
nerd from the nerd shirt I've seen you
on the Internet she's like I have a
share with you on it you're famous look
at her eyes it's so adorable you ha
there's Marley peeking around the corner
she doesn't care at all she's like you
guys torture me oh so you're loved he's
Charles Charles Trippy with my loser
Marianas fiance alley you can watch this
channel we need a decision from the
internet
