so apparently my taxi guy doesn't take
credit cards so I'm walking around the
airport in LA and I start finding ATM
and missed my flight
I am so tempted to disobey Janice
this is ridiculous I hate winged taxi
guys they're like yeah we can't take it
even though they I know they had the
carbon thing if they can do it
should I just ditch should I should I
all right so through security and now
find my gate so should be nice direct
flight we're flying to Dallas again and
then back to tower house know we'll find
the Tampa we're actually flying in a
tamper not town ass they forgot about
that
so my new favorite thing vlogging in the
airport yeah everyone thinks you're
crazy okay so the best douchebag
commented the day that I heard so far at
LAX is um and I quote my facebook is
just a collection of one-night stands
that's pretty douchey kind of funny too
so is that what your Facebook's about
these little players look at my airplane
wait that's not my airplane I won't turn
it around my airplane is the other way
my hope yes how do you like my pimple my
face yeah I'm wearing the same clothes
as I did yesterday that was too lazy to
change is that bad actually I'm kind of
curious because the longest I've ever
gone we're in same closes for days I
know it's pretty bad but I was actually
traveling what is the longest that
you've gone without taking a shower it's
you know wearing the same clothes
actually I'm kind of afraid to ask that
her plane number one
we drove to get lunch and the restaurant
is closed because my mom doesn't know
how to read a website so either website
just kidding no but we went to kanpai
it's like it's supposed to this amazing
Japanese food
my mom was recommending it to me and she
checked on the website and I guess they
didn't have the correct days listed they
just had that a happy note I've never
seen a sandhill crane lay down and that
is crazy
go particular woman your man I don't
know always the acceptable alternative
always
sale later
yeah okay you're going down you're going
down what's on your back what is all
that what
from the air
the toilet
down
you know
it is raining in Dallas so we're here
and I have to kill two hours I didn't
know that I over was that long that's
okay because it's gonna take me two
hours
thanks buddy gotta go oh man
I was walking by trying funding and I
think this vlog is just to be be
observing what people are saying and
tweeting it and telling you guys because
the pilot was like let me tell you
something right now let me tell you
something I am horribly as a father I'm
horribly disappointed in you it's really
it's really funny like if you just like
listen to a conversation out of context
like that could be something like a
story or something like that but is so
weird
I love people watching
we are going to the park
excuse me again guys
no it's Padilla's been rough since
bitter struggle
comes out today so also did you see the
parkour vlog
it's a doctor having some kind of like
doggy clothing Fair today they're like a
carpet come here
you're like a big carpet you feel like a
carpet it's so pretty so pretty oh don't
we good
oh my god it's not a lie they have
shrimp tacos I thought someone was lying
when they told me that that's so weird
oh my god can you get the wallet up do
you really have shrimp tacos that is so
easy okay so I asked the woman who
worked at Taco Bell she tried the shrimp
tacos she said she doesn't really like
seafood but they're not that bad
although she brought up a really valid
point if people have problems like if
they're allergic to seafood and just a
drop of that juice gets into the beans
of something else that they ordered they
could like go into anaphylactic shock or
something crazy like that I never even
thought about that actually I was
working in the Taco Bell and recommended
that if you have allergies to seafood do
not order anything else from Taco Bell
until those go away I guess
please landing
that's so funny
that's my baby on there
just kidding matt's explain
so we're here in Tampa so the flight
attendant was totally messing with me
she was like saying okay you know like
when the oxygen masks like fall she's
like yeah my favorite part is like good
night you know the actual thing that
falls they tell you to breathe calmly
yeah as if you're gonna like breathe
calmly when those things fall so she's
sitting there messing with me it wasn't
too cool all right so we got to find a
heli now oh where oh where oh where is
Ali Chris he went to the red area and
which he's actually supposed to have
gone down the blue area so he was on the
other side and then he went to
departures instead of her - so I'm
waiting in the right place for him but
he's not here we'll see if he can read
some signs and make it to me unless I
did the wrong thing it's possible that
I'm not in the right place okay how many
times have I actually flown so how many
times have I actually flown into Tampa
and I still didn't know where I was I
went down the red then I went to drop
offs
oh I know we I shall we okay open your
presents
you already know let it go with your
little gangsta headband right now and
then the other thing it's called the
pulp of a Tamara and Tamara Tamara I
don't know whatever oh no oh no your
turtles missing wireless mic we're
something that's a special cheeto Ally
trying to leave her mark
take your calling card see you through
the window and or at least until
somebody knocks the table he's Charles
Charles Trippy with Marley sir me and
his fiancee Ally you can watch my
channel we need a decision from the
internet
