so we're at the pier that Justine you
got the shape over the other ones are
back there and we're gonna go to
restaurants but this vlog is gonna be
basically me with a raspy voice because
I had to yell so loud last night but it
was fun she had an awesome birthday and
bitches bird in a restaurant in the
restaurant why aren't you guys doing it
are you too cool to can he does
they're too old they can they don't want
to do it is one year old day in
California
okay so are you going to the roller
coaster yeah okay so we're gonna go on
the roller coasters let's all on the
ferris wheel they don't call the roller
coaster
I'm not
oh yeah the ferris wheel is illegal it's
a felony I just want to record this and
I'm gonna do it like crazy things in the
background look I'm at the beach look
now in front of the Eiffel Tower it's
years there / State building's roof
behind me now too now we're in the mood
you want to be in the mood we're in
space now
okay you're in hawaii i can't i can't
take out the school how about you wanna
do something that's gonna be fun and uh
to head it later where are they to you
guys see Shane you guys are now honestly
like excited
bye
wait I gotta put the strap on here there
we go now i can make sure yeah yeah i
know i was like hoping nobody heard that
I'm just probably like another thousand
people yeah god you're such a perv okay
that was this making me nervous you
standing
now we're really at the beach should I
just go back and forth just swing it
back again
find me this thing just goes around and
around and around so I have any of you
guys actually been stuck on a ferris
wheel oh maybe we could see him again
there hi guys it looks exhilarating
doesn't it I'm glad we just take five
dollars for that thing so how excited
are you right now it's pretty good
pretty good pretty exciting you know the
rounded yeah you're just on your phone
Facebook e you're facebooking you're not
enjoying this crazy ride second time
around
I've totally cut out on the right side
roller coaster we got to go on the front
we have to go on the front really I love
roller coasters okay Custer don't be
scared ready high five this burgaw
America
we do put the plating daily this is
enjoy the ride here we go
two times I totally I was like so what
did you think she would you thanks but
we made a fun I want to apologize for
being really obnoxious for three minutes
sweet the hair
the pelicans just like hey you guys are
like because I'm different behold my
fundamental stir-fry oh no bueno FYI
rental behold my fundamental stir-fry oh
no bueno that's why sacramental i'm
watching red planet with val kilmer and
carrie-anne moss there we go hello like
attention on me please attention on me
but yeah i haven't seen red planet in
years i completely forgot about that
movie um but yeah it's carrie-anne moss
and val kilmer and a couple other famous
people um i love that movie also does
anyone remember this saint with val
kilmer that is a freaking fantastic
movie if you haven't seen it go watch it
last day of classes before spring break
and i am so happy yeah check-in p.o.box
also i stole charles a sweater oh hi
when his clothes booya like a smile for
me this week the doctor's office is it
quiet smelly is that Fred
Christmas are dancing
okay we got a dance to Fred thank you so
much Ryan Ryan I'm shape oh ok how many
people we can fit in here you think this
is gonna happen man this is stressing me
out three what is it Oh one two three
there is a level n hang out clean cuz
there's a fetus in oh that's right we're
breaking the rules like no breaking
alone so we're taking a nice little walk
on the boardwalk and I actually got to
leave at seven in the morning all the
girl is I gotta leave at seven in the
morning and then I'm actually flying
into tampa and we're gonna go see some
friends so it's really really exciting
and justina fill our dual blogging with
the executive camera predator editor
cool that is one killer car forever hit
me guys he was a few look at his
Wikipedia can't represent but he was in
he's a reoccurring like character in
heroes and he was in white men can't
jump Andy sang his song I don't remember
what day was it was like that was
blessed thing like it was and he sang us
a song now you can retire everyone
sun beach
I don't know
does a great job great job son tard that
was awesome he busted it out good job
serious busting that was awesome ok I'm
going to vlog clips Marley's freaking
out when she hears herself
watching herself on the canoe what do
you say I'm doing it now I'm doing it
with my mind have you ever seen remote
management guys this is super weird i
didn't even know that this existed
because i'm just stupid with technology
but Charles is controlling this computer
from LA ok so I'm almost a sarasota i'm
driving alone forcing fake I'm really
hard not to stop I just pays so badly to
hold your tea but I really don't want to
stop oh you're a maverick you're you're
excited you're a maverick oh yeah are
you from Alaska oh yeah oh I love Janice
I love Janice I love Danny I love damn
it she does this every time she drinks a
ton of water than beeps everywhere that
way Dom Carlo French diploma your phone
babe all right I'll come with present
okay I'm stopping stop bottles the stop
stop outdoors pappadeaux's stop oh I
totally got that face oh hi hi hi what
are you gonna do hmm that's really
they're looking these little
cheerleaders see bebito you can do it go
there we go wow you both sorrowful
gymnast tada Oh
ok my legs are tired spaz attack he's
Charles Charles trippin with Marley Zoe
and his fiance alley you can watch my
channel what are you a decision for the
internet
