good morning guys so we begin the travel
so I'm in the Tallahassee Airport yeah
apparently Tallahassee as an airport I
guess with all the politicians and stuff
so I'm going through security and I have
30 minutes naturally it seems like every
single time I travel I'm always pushing
it on plane number one and Delos
so we made it to Dallas Airport is huge
this is like the biggest airport I've
ever been and I'm actually walked around
a couple times because I got completely
lost but I think I found it again with
20 minutes to spare I'm good at this
I almost got hit by two of the little
doohickeys that drive around you know
the people can't really walk I'm a dizzy
traveler right now
time for LA
ding were in LA it was actually a pretty
quick flight it wasn't like two or three
hours so anyway so I'm meeting up with
Katy LED right now she's gonna pick me
up because Shay has no idea that I'm
here so the game plan is we're going to
the store we're going to buy a pie and
yes we're going to attempt to pie shade
in the face with a pie so it's gonna
hopefully work it's gonna be epic as no
idea and I really I really really want
to pie Shay in the face it's gonna be
awesome and okay here's another cool
thing before I came I bought this cool
little like case-mate battery case it's
called the fuel light I saw it at CES
and I got to play my video games I got
to play Angry Birds an implosion like
the entire flight and the battery stills
got 86% so this is if you guys are
looking for like a battery thing for
your iPhone case I know a lot of you
guys like or are always asking me about
like iPhone cases and stuff like this
the case may feel like
I really hope I really hope we can pie
him you know it's really funny though
about la I thought I'm talking to a
camera in public would be a little bit
more acceptable people started looking
at weird
god I hate these things
oh now the fun part every single time we
come here or every single time Shane
picks us up we have no idea where to go
such a huge airport
okay so the important decision of which
whipped cream to get do you think one is
gonna be fine one of them ever actually
never use these two there we go there we
go how this is me great it's gonna be
but it's still gonna be a face moment of
truth guys here's our delicious pie
we're gonna have so much extra whipped
cream we could just like pour it on his
head after hey chasm we have the
finished product what should we do as
far as luring of outsiders it's sneaking
in okay so we're walking over there now
it's a pretty delicious pie two things
whipped cream that's still on my face
okay so this is gonna be good this is
gonna be good
you ready to get your daddy you ready to
get your daddy are you gonna eat
something that yeah I think she wants it
okay I gotta call Kasim hey I think that
might be the easiest because I don't
know if he's gonna be aware of the
situation and it might as well just do
it inside so that way you don't get it
all over there no I don't want to do it
inside I don't want to ruin your
computer
yeah
streak of purple and then I smelled
sugar there's like purple so funny the
first thing I thought right after he hit
me in the face I'm like where's the
camera you got it as bad as I did oh
it's okay
well good thing we have a shower in my
ears
except for you talk about that that
couldn't I couldn't have got any better
I wish I had like I didn't want to like
pull it out right yeah no she got it I
got it right out because Ben's like
that's like she's around here somewhere
perfect you can't you conveniently ban
go the other right oh this is great
here's like I see a flash of purple and
as I wish
to rezone shaking what I was like I'm
gonna miss or chill he's gonna punch me
anybody who puts pie in my face that's
delicious the foodies we're gonna look
on your face
the computers okay of course juicy doing
that
in my ear in the shower the boardwalk
we got Chipper Jones Suns hard over here
alright ready there you go oh it's my
fault I'm a bad picture thank you there
we go oh good one good job good job you
want to show them the the doggy drew
right there and the tree and you wrote
hi Ally
say hi Ally
baby chart misses you somebody used my
hometown so cool hey yeah we're about to
talk to him this yell they're gonna left
oh so close okay so you know how like
used car lots they have like stickers
like Stan's house of wheels you pop this
you pop this Chevy Nova from Stan's
house it fills that car you know and
also do it from Florida you guys have
like like um like your County it's on
the license plate
I don't know you can tell like well I
really like you for from Tallahassee
they'll say Leon County yeah yeah
no we don't have that you can tell one I
don't like each girl or some like surfer
girl the the capital in Idaho is Boise
and if you're from Boise it'll say one a
on your license plate so you always
actually know that that person is from
Boise so you don't have like six F - G -
six you got different numbers but but
you have like identified the very first
- like number and letter it shows
exactly where you're from and that car
was for exactly where I'm from and they
had a little sticker from a car lot that
was like good news is Venice isn't that
big so we will find them one you see
them again and then we will merge these
Charles Charles Trippy with Marley so
Vienna's fianc√©e Allyce channel 22
decision from the internet
