last night I think you guys can
obviously figure out what we're doing
today and obviously involved eggs
filling of fake eggs there's going to be
some smashing in there as well we got
this game at playlist live but we
figured this would be the best time to
play it I didn't know it's my idea it's
all my idea
yeah I tore them something thank you I
mean how many people go hey you know
what'd be fun it's just fascinating I
think the entire YouTube community proud
you know right actually right okay
well playing this game and usually what
you're supposed to do is play it with
water inside it we thought that was kind
of boring so what we did is I don't know
if it's six and six we think of it we
don't even know there's some like very
few with water and majority have a so we
got to do this little spinner guy yeah
and it tells us what to do right things
that you guys can see then what you do
is you have to choose the egg and
there's a mix of ice cold water eggs and
actual eggs so broken eggs with end
these eggs and then we're gonna be
around okay
yeah or do you yep it's on your heads on
your head
yeah it's really awesome when I'm
excited there's some big another which
is going to be really great because I
have a weird feeling I'm gonna win
oh my gosh I want you guys to tell us if
your before the video you can start
pause team Ally or team Charles who's
gonna win gonna be me okay I feel his
arms were made for egg cracking I
haven't been keeping track in the
challenges I think we really kind of add
a balance like I think that evenly
here's one I've won I think it's like
50/50 when I go first the rock scissors
paper Rock scissor shoot paper Rock
scissor shoot Paper Scissors shoot
perfect for their suit Oh Sunday's I get
to choose right you go first
what okay I don't already just go with
you win so I asked you first
okay I'll go I killed a mouse maybe me
how are you okay I open this and yeah
I'm scared
God pass what yeah actually reprise just
told you what's on here there's an egg
one two eggs egg another person and a
pass on there's two of each on there's I
got lucky and I hit pass in the first
one Sam
egg hmm so we just close our eyes and
grab an egg well I mean I think you can
just useless you don't know what you
we're traveling okay we did it with cold
water too so we can't really figure out
do we grab it and just do it immediately
we just do it you just do don't lean
near me yeah okay okay okay I will do
this disgusting trial and error I think
what we're going to do is we're going to
just pull it apart on our head because
it doesn't seem to wanna explode it's
what Wells we want it you want it no
Xplode you have me like in your beard it
looks like snot cuz it feels like sonic
so yeah one I got zero egg another
that's not fair that isn't fair hey do I
get a ticket or do you guys I get to be
treated for part man oh no water
well thank God it's water oh thank god
it's water maybe this is so grown-up all
I didn't yeah I think you should smash
maybe on your head maybe because that
just little right off your head
I got an idea yeah break to do it I mean
can I have that egg I'm gonna die in
Schuylkill through brusquely but but I
don't want to turn in honey and another
want some scrambled eggs I gained so
that's pretty much me this is all trial
and error you know your turn I got an
egg to zero
no three four that's for that one too
Briggs I was before I know you're right
I will I was saying like I haven't had
anything happen to me that's everything
really I mean you're me there we go now
it's an egg oh okay three one
I'm so hungry Warren so confident is
that a yoke Oh Jochen are you joking
right now hi Megan do you all come with
me this is all jokes where help ups I
get one one nasty
okay three one yes good thing eggs are
good for dog Jesus leaving the water
already egg gotta scrub well good thing
is I think we've already gone through
three of the eggs it's a water like so
cool everywhere you go more Oh weird I
don't even know why we're doing this egg
all right there we go
scared cousin getting an egg I already
know it I hope so here we go take it
down your back okay okay
I'm hoping eggs don't stain you good
evening Adele you don't get one cuz
that's not part of the rules no honey
you can't do that it's um look excuse me
what are you doing excuse me so is it
three agonizer great and what this one
so three three scuse me - I like the my
is not a stand-in situation very
difficuit eggplants we can do come into
my eyeball mama's got eggs Janos why
would I you go Marley both had egg on
their back
Zoe doesn't care for this Oh
my eye I'm saying in my eye and you're
excused
out of the competition that was yours
right
oh my gosh did I get egg another was
that you has it been me so you are you
just egg to me so three three two eggs I
guess I think there's gonna be five
three think I'm gonna win oh okay I
still win for me still freaking cause
it's still win for me
can't see the worst part is getting me
wet does that water egg
it was definitely water five three
servings I got egg got this not good I
reached for that one this is the last
one
and I gotta be able to see what's going
on should be pat pat no it's two eggs
there's only one egg left no I done
answer your spin it's just two eggs but
we only have one egg left so what does
I'm you Oh sex and shenanigan some
Charles hit two eggs and there was only
one egg left we just brought in the real
thing so here you go bad I like it now
you look at excellent I don't even know
how many right now are you having the
best time because I'm thinking this is a
mr. elegant I'm exhausted
are you like the real anger worse laughs
oh my gosh okay that's a pass no wasn't
you just did that do do it again I
didn't see it no it doesn't matter it
was a pat it was a pat I got a pass on
my last one
oh no no please please that if I'm lined
up no no no down the line
spin again it's on the line yep it's
been again oh my god my eyes are still
got this begun with the most I'm trying
to game over Hagen oh I know I know mark
you can clean up later I am so much egg
in my eyes sight another mouth okay out
like right can you get salmonella from
eggs probably right
try enough from your skull good boy well
201 ok so I have 5 I think I'm just
gonna go do you one okay so I won
egg-cellent challenge Bruce goes on the
egg-cellent challenge yanked me on I egg
to mom but ultimately he egged me on the
rest
these are so many mom and dad jokes
right now you can ridiculous hope you
enjoyed that challenge video please let
us know if you have any more because we
loved it we actually have genuine fun
doing these things total fun lots of fun
did you see I'd like try to source Forex
pants right now I'm like it's disgusting
we'll see you tomorrow as always have a
great night and please don't forget to
subscribe and like this video for all
this eggs oh yeah yeah mm I think I'll
let you think is excellent I feel like
we use that I know extravaganza
extravagant exact straw ordinary egg
okay that yes next time no I don't it
was eggs true wonderful Arizona this was
extra fun extra fun okay thanks okay
alright we'll see you guys tomorrow
all right put them away she'll dump on
your head it is a beauty yeah hi guys
this is disgusting oh good you are this
is your idea you please it off
