good morning everyone so I'm just buying
my plane ticket plane ticket you might
ask well I'm going to California
tomorrow for a few days
it's Shay's birthday and I'm gonna go
out there to surprise him and just hang
out and see everyone cuz I haven't seen
everyone in a while and it's talking to
Claire I was like hey would it be cool
if I came out you know it surprised Shay
and I think I think she's gonna poop
himself he might I don't know I don't
know how I'm gonna surprise him now but
yeah I plan on trying to do a lot of
videos out there with MGM and Cass
mechain and see Phil and okay so I have
a new goal in life and maybe we can make
the a happy internet make this happen
my goal is to have Jeff Goldblum say
Jeff Goldblum to Zoe
Jeff Goldblum Jeff Goldblum Goldblum def
:
hey you know since Jeff Goldblum totally
watches our videos he's is that he's
like yeah I want to be in a an Internet
video and say my name to a dog but it'd
be so funny Jeff Goldblum so I gotta buy
a last-minute plane ticket and get
things together because it's actually
Ali's spring break to Friday so I'm
coming back on Sunday so I just made an
appointment for the dentist I hate the
dentist I always get like this anxiety
attack before I go to the dentist I
don't know what it is I think it's the
grinding you know the big giant dagger
like things and the grinding and then
you could feel it and your brain is like
nails on chalkboard that's what it is I
just myself and I nose did you see that
but I think I have like a cavity or
something cuz it's like really sensitive
on this side to like cold like cold
liquids like water if I drink water I
can't really is that it does that mean
having like a cavity or something what
is a root canal like what does that mean
I can't have a root canal that's the
procedure right either way you guys get
to go into the dentist with me so if you
guys have a fear of dentists 3 you're
screwed
going next week making you you guys can
at least go for moral support right
come on little fatty you can do it 10
bucks says she doesn't understand it
come on do it so we did it I don't know
how Zoey did it or Marley
sees them getting you guys confused you
guys see the geese the geese don't let
it go and the trashcan still reserved
barley quick go Marley go oh you ass
Marley just went swimming and she's
going on the peninsula Marley you're
such an asshole
what is that slime I know she never goes
swimming it's like 30 degrees you're in
trouble you are a trouble Marley
we asked this in a live show a couple
days ago is what do you call do you guys
know know the name for that apparently
Marly doesn't care she just wanted to go
chase it then we just do this a couple
days ago what what is your deal why
could get out there you like that gonna
swim with the geese what are you doing
oh you're such an a-hole so I'm gonna
declare Tuesdays forever recalled Taco
Tuesdays because the alliteration is
awesome so we're gonna make some awesome
I touched the pepper and uh at Publix
and I just touched my eye oh my god I I
touched one of those habanero peppers I
didn't use the bag I don't know I guess
it was leaking that's what she said
oh look at my eye can you see it it's
red and it's not because of the you know
what the car in front of me or anything
I was so stupid of me
okay I saw somebody I knew from high
school but it was one of those type of
people that like you don't really
remember the name like you remember
their face and you're just like hey but
they recognize you that is probably the
most awkward thing that's okay the
delicious tacos will will remedy that
will erased it back on Tuesday Tuesday
taco taco taco taco tuesday tuesday
tuesday tuesday fucker tuesday isn't the
alliteration pretty awesome do is day
what oh that's even better
it's tasty Taco Tuesday I just spit of
taco you guys don't know where it went
alright look at this you guys I just
opened this brand new thing of jalapeno
slices right and on top of it it's a
carrot is there supposed to be a carrot
and I call up is there something to do
with it there's something that's a
carrot right
yummy macro I mean that looks like a
carrot right yeah I'm gonna eat it
that's a carrot there's a carrot in my
jalapeno slices but hot though oh my
lord is a hot curve
now that is a tasty taco on a Tuesday
have you ever noticed that if your day
ends in a burrito or a taco you already
win you win the day you always win the
day wouldn't a taco or burrito are
involved it's like happiness happiness
in a tortilla alright guys well I'm just
finished packing and I'm falling asleep
I gotta wake up in like five hours and
fly we've got to go to bed about Dallas
and then California so I'll see you guys
tomorrow and we'll be on the other side
of the country it's gonna be exciting
the bedbugs bite that's creepy
hey guys make sure to check out our new
skit on youtube.com slash Charles Trippy
or you can click that little thing
that's moving on the screen right there
you see the picture in the center of the
black screen yep you can click that
alright go check it out
trust me all men need to watch this at
least once see you guys he's Charles
Charles champion with Morley Zoe and his
fiancee Allie watch Channel
we need a decision from the internet
television
