good morning guys I've been up all night
editing the new video for the Charles
Trippy channel should be up this should
be out by tomorrow by the time you're
watching this it should be up so that's
good that's what she said should be up
get it but yeah it's uh it's a it hits
close to home
it really does least for guys it does
see what you guys think it's time to get
a haircut
it's been a while like a month I think
we're gonna go to one of those
haircutting schools I think it's called
like a beta or Vita or something like
that
see if they can cut my hair or not screw
it up watch what sick you get through
the south they're gonna give me a bullet
I'm just kidding out everyone in the
south where's Mullins the Vedas lon I
feel all you'll be going here I'm going
to a salon not just like Supercuts
that's super cut super cuts should I go
to super
Ali doesn't want to cut my hair anymore
she doesn't have the confidence even
though I think he did a good job last
time I don't know I thought it was a
pretty good job let's see if they can do
any better
yeah you should get some of those trendy
styles
that one right there I like that one
with the little curly thing
or the emo soup
that one right there yes I almost sat in
that
before before he was messing with me you
know usually when you get a haircut like
it's usually hot water hot
Goldwire
yeah haircuts
so what do you think what do you think
Ali thinks it's crooked it's really
funny she's having an argument with the
other lady about how she needs to do
better a better job so the whole time
I'm sitting there like my hair is
getting cut here what do I do
do I just like oh no you're doing fine
or what do I do so have you guys ever
had one of those experiences where you
like the girls cutting your hair and
you're just like this is not gonna come
out the way I want like a really bad
haircut exterior I've never really had a
terrible haircut experience like this
isn't bad at all but like I've never had
somebody like shave and chunk out of my
head or anything like that although that
would be really awkward though like what
do you do do tipper
still or two even pay for the haircut
have you ever had a bad experience well
what do you mean by butchers like cut a
whole chunk out or just like she should
not have cut my hair where she cut it
like it made my whole head look like a
mullet it was like the next haircut I
got the lady was like who cut your hair
I was like no some lady she's like don't
ever go back that's the funny thing is
every time I used to go to like super
cuts I then I would go to like a nice
salon every single time they're like who
cut your hair like I never noticed it I
never noticed that they do that bad of a
job but I get some of the hairstyles you
really can tell or something you go into
a salon and someone like knows a little
bit more about the aesthetics of what
the way you're not supposed to cut hair
actually let's do a comparison here my
guy haircut cost $20 how much is the
most expensive hairstyle actually let's
ask everyone this what is the most
expensive hair style or bill you've ever
had I want you don't tell me how much
was it
which was it tell me most I've ever did
was like $30 including tip what was
yours
tomi how much is it I was at a really
nice salon and I was going to a hair
stylist he was like a master stylist at
the salon okay okay my hair bleached and
highlighted oh what a please I don't
like how you're pressing this much way
too much anticipation oh let me guess
2:35 I think it was $250 for a haircut
and I used to pay that like every two
months for like a year enough I I'm so
glad I don't have that bill that's 250
what's the most expensive you ever spend
on the hair like a haircut see there's
some people who regularly spend $500 on
their haircuts and that's not even
collar that's just a haircut that's
ridiculous I would never be that much
money but that but like that show the
Beverly Hills show with Jonathan so on
those haircuts started to promise I'll
let you shoot me open the door why
Zoey tell it open the door I'll put some
funfetti cake I'll make the funfetti the
funfetti cake for you is that good
Matt if I hide it first it's cool let me
just shoot you a little bit a tiny bit
okay I won't choose you I promise I
won't shoot you
I'm talking to you there's no camera
rolling I'm not recording at all
why would I record anything why would I
ever recorded anything if you I promise
if you come out right now I won't but if
you don't come out now I will shoot you
when I see you that's the deal Zoe wants
you have to ok so Alec got mad at me for
shooting her earlier because I actually
got her in the face so she does for the
intro it looks like a it's like a porno
set theme song
okay too funny there you know what it is
I think it's so easy Marlar just we
screw around with them so much and
they're just so taller like they have so
much their tolerance level is so high
like that for example yeah apparently
apparently dogs are like they freaked
out to the Law & Order theme song not
our dogs hey guys make sure to check out
our new skit on youtube.com slash
Charles Trippy or you can click that
little thing that's moving on the screen
right there you see the picture and the
center of the black screen yep you can
click that alright go check it out trust
me all men need to watch this at least
once see you guys he's Charles Charles
champion with myleeza Rihanna's fiance
alley
