good morning wonderful land internets
and intertubes we're about to shoot
another video we're definitely what are
you doing we're doing we're gonna try to
get that charles trippy trippy channel
we're gonna try to do at least two
videos a week on that channel so if
you're not subscribed it's a whole
revamp whole new year of skit channels
just get your nose skit skit videos hey
guys you're not in this video was that
I'm vlogging hey I have stuff don't look
at your gonna be on video you're putting
trash in your face weird anyway so this
video is going to be very relatable to
the women folk the women folk I don't
did you guys ever noticed that like when
I'm vlogging in the house I just walk
around randomly like I just feel like I
don't know like I just it's like a Blair
Witch you know like that's where I first
saw this type of my thing where you're
holding a camera and the background is
changing but I'm like stationary does
that make any sense I don't know but
I've noticed that I just like a vlog and
walk around you notice that that's trash
this grows jitter sorry yeah yeah yeah
yeah who that
cut a squirrel squirrel gut but the
camera
okay that's pretty adorable Zoe see
don't film play with me let me put this
in the camera does it fit yeah so we
finished the video now be now the
stimulating alleys but we gotta make it
sound like Ali's but falling in the
toilet that's not what your butt sounds
like oh no it's gotta be more involved
how about you really do it will you do
it for you too it's funny that you're
playing with a cranberry bottle in the
toys ah what we do for the internet what
no it needs more of a splashing noise no
because think about like my bow would
stop it wouldn't it I think you kind of
would Johnny strum an apple in toilet
toilet don't really do it oh yeah
anti-bacterial bassoon yeah it's called
saran wrap hey mr. froggy well where'd
you go whoa that's awesome so we don't I
don't think you have a name yet do you
should I call you like Fredrick the Frog
what should we call you weed whacking at
ni night let's landscaping yeah really
in front of a BP yes although I have to
admit out of all the landscaping jobs
weed whacking is always the most
gratifying it's just like you're just
well you're sexually you're whacking
weeds I mean that sounds bad you're
destroying weeds there that sounds a
little bit better because you're wet
you're whacking a weed like waka / city
what hit him yeah but I guess if you put
the other word and penis whackers that's
why they call it Peter swaggy waiting at
applebees to be seeded
not as good as you yeah mascot not as
good as Ali and her
what is it musical blogging
musical block any blows
a lot of people here that's a really
close to my face hello okay so we're
gonna play a little prank on Ali I just
told the lady our waitress that it's
Ally's birthday so they're gonna come
out and sing to her and she has no idea
this is gonna be awesome I'm such a
snake that scrumdiddlyumptious that's
extremely
what is it it's like it's it here's out
behind you wasted wait no it's like
really sour in the same time oh it's
just like lemonade look at I guy that's
why I like applebees cuz they give you
two for one long islands oh those are
the ladies just like Zelda yeah like
Lena now you know it's really funny
about those things I used to always have
like sword fights with my little sister
and I'd always end up with me stabbing
her who I was really mean but you know
what's funny is that like I would do
stuff like that only to retaliate for
the things that she would do to me like
she was the type of little sister that
would like like pretend like I would be
no no I would careful I would pretend to
kick her and then she would cry louder
than if I was actually kicker and I
would get in just as much trouble so
this is what I hear from you and she
would kick you and I hate you and Callie
was a breath too that's what Justin
tells me i think all sisters are perhaps
i think i think that's what it is
they're only raptor they're provoked by
their brother
yeah thank you
funny happy birthday
I think you're blushing there baby
that's so funny see that's easy for them
now she's wondering why I like just a
deer for like 15 minutes you were acting
so it's so funny it's so funny that
delicious wait Oh is the proof in the
pudding
what does that even mean goofin proof in
the pudding what is the history of that
you know what my favorite one is like
the never look a gift horse in the mouth
do you guys know the history about that
it's because back in the day when you
were given a horse you
you were keeping a horse and you can
tell the health of a horse by their
teeth no that's actually true Dave
footage age and health age in the health
of a horse so if you're given a horse
it's really rude to look inside the
teeth of them out of the people the
mouth of the horse because they will see
the Toews rooks you've got it for free
don't look at the teeth in the mouth and
did you know about rotting shotguns
literally because you will have to run
tell that one
we just learned that read it was called
riding shotgun he gets back of the day
when he goes right on they were
transporting goods a lot of people were
trained they're going by like you're
trying to jump on the carriage and rob
them so a guy would sit next to the
driver with a shotgun in the car and
that's now you know mr. king shotgun in
the park Oh after going out and having a
nice evening my fiance has a problem and
I need to submit her to some sort of
like video game anonymous even though
it's not very anonymous but people heard
you like breaking into a chest the other
day was that like those a very monkey
scratch right there oh and by the way
our server watches our videos so sorry
it was an Ally's birthday I thought it'd
be a funny prank busted yeah totally got
busted on that one embarrassing thanks
Erin you're awesome okay so is this
weird let me ask you guys this I'm
helping Ali play zelda this game came
out when I was in seventh or eighth
grade and I remember how to beat all the
bosses but I can't remember the
Pythagorean theorem theorem or anything
like that anything that has to deal with
my college education I can remember
slightly but I remember how to beat
zelda is that a problem is nintendo the
real scholar
I will kill you I will forgive me kill
you thanks honey for helping yeah that's
right he's Charles Charles Trippy with
Marley Zoe and his fiance alley you can
watch it on a shuttle ready a decision
for the internet
you
