so welcome to another installment of
Charles stupid haircut yeah I need to
get a haircut but the thing is I don't
know anybody up here cuts hair or
actually I don't know how to describe my
haircut to a person is cutting my hair
so it's like hey yeah just give me what
I usually have wait I've never been here
anyway so we're at the park we're gonna
shoot Marley's new video right Marley
Marley is gonna be the star of a new
video and we have the great Billy Reed
writing music for so it's gonna be
actually really funny through this
stupid but uh it's gonna be fun to shoot
hi Marley gotta get in costume what was
that getting in costume can you guys
guess what the video is about it's like
don't make fun oh wow this is me funny
this idiom are you tail frickin what so
this little squirrel is gonna be
released into the wild
I'm so sorry barley why are you sorry
she's adorable
okay we got a good feeling ever
Zoey are you becoming one with nature we
have a rogue squirrel here
he's running off and trying to kill you
it's acting like a squirrel she's like
Oh scroll down bounding and leaping okay
her method after huh what a good girl
okay so if you come one with the nature
pee on it and poop on it and eat stuff
you poop and then you eat other animals
poop this whole cycle tan tan-tan tan
tan-tan tan tan-tan careful through
there that's a fans don't even try it or
I'll kick your butt cover my my my come
here Marley come here come here Marley
come here good girl dancer dance and ten
finish dancing instead dancing and
dancing ribbon 3 we are puppies and
woods we go on adventures and we pissed
off our pants cause you run away when
the calling us but we don't care cuz
were playing like crazy puppies before
you have her fade
oh by the way you guys Marley's the
worst dog actor to work with ever oh
that's lovely
come on you want some more you were like
you're the Megan Fox of dog actors
you're just a bad actor and you just
demand everything so we get away from
there unless you've had a tetanus shot
and then that's ok OOP they just rolled
in something I'm pretty sure some form
of animal poop yeah Charles has it on
the other footage because they stink now
and so I rolled in it for a good 30
seconds right though smell delicious now
smelling fresh and clean for the other
puppies come on run no I'm gonna film it
kiss you fall
hey it'd only be living up to your name
right
you run like a girl that's my honey also
she really wants to go washer when I let
her go cause I yeah by Wayne I'm all
alone in the woods okay I have a bottle
and I'm not afraid to try to find some
way to use it as a weapon against you
but wait what this looks like a Zoey
track
she must be this way she got out somehow
we're at Houdini we're BFFs now and
forever
oh well together this is gonna be the
singing vlog I just decided that I'm
just going to make up your rinsing
random-ass songs
yeah I've been singing yes I've been
singing this is singing yeah music all
the vlog yeah this is trippy School
Musical this is trippy vlog musical what
can I look in the wood I will have it
far oh no where's our puppies they're
the greatest dogs of all job to be we
gotta let me come in to your later and
then all of a sudden there's a big giant
bear turn around or he's gonna get in
your hair actually it's just a biker oh
not a bear the good dress he's a liar
he's a lying lying singing blogger he's
a bad musical vlogger oh that which I
like oh do they do that in the Phantom
of the Opera I don't know I've ever seen
it let's go
Charles is in a bad mood sir my poopy
then terrible mood we gonna get a new
nickname Charles they never leave me
Babu complaining and whining about
everything we do this in a bad mood
he's in a bad mood so what is up your
thought yes I am crazy hello people
don't understand they just don't get it
those people over there they think I'm
crazy
what am I crazy I am just walking what
don't they understand about my life I
have so much pre adult angst nothing up
inside of me if you are courtesy today
it's real good luck I mean it's a
musical rock today order how many of you
have turned this off by now because you
are sick of hearing me sing horribly
good evening Tallahassee that doesn't
work because Baltimore has three
syllables and Tallahassee has polar I
also don't know the melody that's the
only part I know okay so long farewell
we say goodbye to park load up and go
it's getting kind of dark
those guys are looking kind of serious
frisbee golf is so mysterious okay look
at this if you google for lemon plum I
am like the fourth result on what a
lemon plum is which I have no idea is
that it weird is this like a lemon plum
like a new hybrid plum is it gonna kill
me what the hell's a lemon plum
yeah USA all the time I just want to cry
when I watch the Olympics I just every
time someone wins I just cry I could
totally do that he's Charles Charles
Trippy with Marley Zoe and his fiancee
Allie you can watch this channel Whitney
indecision for the Internet
