so I'm trying to find the little Barbie
dolls the Ken dolls from the Barbie sex
adventure part 12 because I want to
shoot part 3 but I don't remember what
we did with Ken because I remember last
installment he lost his head so I don't
know if I actually threw them away and
have to go get a new one or not um so
yeah but I want to shoot a video today
feel like being productive louis vuitton
see here how many random things in here
so i want to shoot the the Barbie video
like part 3 and probably is I think I
killed Ken so we have to go get another
one and alleys making fun of me because
I'm gonna go buy a Ken doll could this
be the new nemesis in part 3 I think so
he you and sparkles i'm team jacob came
Edward down the team edward oh we're
trying to find the new nemesis he has a
Barbie of him like how I think I think
they're pretty good new misis oh that
right she comes down from the yes i am a
rocket scientist what is all this oh I
like this guy he'll look this but he's
very much I think he can beat me up okay
you're getting too into this they're
just Barbies what's the point of a
Barbie just keeping it in a box though
see the thing is I think I destroyed the
Barbie too I rip her head off in the
last one so I got to get a new one
there's absolutely good one night but
this is a good woman sure that's a good
Barbie ok we'll get that Barbie and so
you get the can or should we get the
Edward I don't know this guy looks
pretty uh be sure if 'ok or fantastic i
guess he's five dollars and Ed is 25 oh
yeah so we're definitely gonna use this
can ok this is the fashionista can it
looks like Matthew McConaughey no you
know it looks like it looks like amy
adams if she were a blond man how did
you find a better one which ones you get
your wood so hearty those i always sneak
thief my favorite candy of all time BAM
I just hit myself in the head as i did
that but it's worth it haribo gummi
bears are the best cars in the world oh
yeah that's what the lish especially the
bread Paul wasn't sure what you liked
the way with toilets are good too you
racist against the yellow and orange
ones she
the best video game of all time does
anyone know it a hundred million cool
points for anybody knows that game that
now Ali's gonna be playing wait but now
be the na vi's just like avatar avatar
look it's the na'vi fairies Navi the
flavor flav flavor what can you say
thank you too Sadie for being a rabbit
she keeps hitting it you're pretty cool
rather bar I hate those here dugas hey
dugas guess what I have I have a pizza
oh it's mellow mushroom pizza you can't
have it neither can you neither can that
redneck up there
is everything all red looks like a film
noir one late night we went driving
through craving pizza and then all of a
sudden watch those like don't worry I
won't save you by licking your face in
uncontrollable fashions can fill me mmm
delicious deliciousness I'm gonna take
this big heaping okay this is something
Ali always makes fun of me okay am I the
only one that eats pizza with a night
like a knife and fork I I don't see
anything wrong with that there's nothing
wrong with that she's made to beat you
with your hands no but you always make
fun of me every time I do that it's much
cleaner all right I want to try this
lemon plum I remember I'm serious I've
never heard of a lemon plum until
yesterday is it change colors i think is
different leather plum Larrie plum let
it bum alrighty just like just biting
the plums is that a title
that is really good that's really good
it's so it's like 11 in the plum it's
like sour who knew help me mr. bubbles
you will never get her for me now you're
bad yeah that's right oh oh what is
wrong with me whoo what should have
happened in bioshock stupid girl walking
off what I'm telling you not to yeah you
want Adam well I have to protect you
bitch
Charles Paul Tudor did it edited it and
it did it did it I did it you don't know
better well what's that hmm push your
leg pillow have white strip since I'm
talking like a crazy person what I'm
sure cute okay get away from me he's
pretty fun on me away he's a true child
like Josh when you have this crap in
your mouth he's Charles Charles Trippy
with Marley Zoey and his fiance Ali you
can watch
what are you decision from the internet
