we're feeling better let's do something
I feel better I feel better today sort
of still a little sick but I feel much
better
come on go let's go let's go come on
not you guys all right so this is from
Jordan W from Connecticut Connecticut
Connecticut CT oh I just put it together
as fine dishes oh my god I own the state
of Connecticut because my initials are C
teams are you people from Connecticut
I am your mayor I am here now I am now
your mayor yeah I I'm the Governator
Dominator we'll see what's in here this
is awesome it's really good packaging
yay these things are so awesome like our
future kids are gonna see these and be
like what the hell's wrong with our
parents I'm gonna give it to my
firstborn kid it's gonna be called
bubbles we're gonna name our kid what's
the girl's name
we're gonna name her Helen or no how do
you prove no bet that'd be mr. speaking
of kids I gotta say congratulations to
link having a baby boy he delivered it
himself he just pushed it right out
himself it was pretty amazing especially
since he's a guy but congratulations man
yeah link at a kid gratulations man if
you guys don't know who link is from
rhett and Link what are you living under
an Internet rock or your mouse pad or a
cyber Rock go congratulate them I say I
say son I say son
hmm I see this curious isn't it okay
this one's just stupid I call this one
the frowning bear you gonna put on the
moustache which one are you mister in
general that's you need to shave I think
I'm yeah it is such a crappy day out
look one day I actually go outside
because I'm getting cabin fever and I'm
gonna get pneumonia now it's like yes
sir hates what I say that I'm gonna get
pneumonia
probably if I keep eating like this girl
died of a heart attack at the age of 26
no I'm just it's not clean I'm going to
it's just more of those things like you
know like if I keep going down this road
but actually you know it's pretty cold
out and it's raining and I have a cold
so I mean the odds are pretty high now
it against me okay
keep moving yesterday it was like 90
degrees and now today is like 50 hey
you're moving down here Debbie Downer
your ally uptight refute our ally
uptight it didn't make sense doesn't it
say dancin in the mall dancing
pulling Ali away from all the stores
let's go
Ali got mad at me because he thought I
was looking at I'm checking out I'm
checking out the mannequins ass
stop looking at shoes all you have is
shoes
you have like five pairs of shoes this
week you got five pairs this week well
close enough the ones that you have he's
won fair black or silver
I don't know black don't just leave them
here yeah that's cool
that's a cool shirt it's a really cool
sir I like it you should get it you
should totally get that shirt I was that
was a cool shirt I totally want to do
this
it's a hurricane simulator all right you
feel
you're really gonna waste two precious
dollars on that I'm gonna give this
machine two dollars to blow me oh my
good nothing so good you know it all
right get ready for the blowing
it says she's really fast
take your time
order your eyes
lady
fuck child
so I can MJ
that was totally you want to try it out
oh yeah $2 I've ever spent men oh not a
good blow that was it has a pretty cheap
blowjob to the weight limit I don't know
I don't think there is a weight limit
there's no weight limit unless somebody
yells at you to get help
I wonder if it's going to give you a
whiplash like those dead arms up
look at the cars they're like from 1992
yes you can get up
what is that as fun as it looked
wait keep all hands and legs and arms
and feet heads rides that over should
get one I have never seen that a lemon
flow they look kind of cool I think it's
like a lemon no no fireworks just like a
plum you think it's the lemon but it
works like yeah we're gonna see that on
Annoying Orange I'm sure the the lemon
plum and this is the penis plan am i
that obvious so we didn't open this
package yet we came home and Marley
apparently opened it who opened it which
one opened it did you eat those treats
did you eat those treats did you I'm
pretty sure what is this one we gotta
hide everything for members well thank
you whoever sent these this how many
gets rid of a cold with orange juice
never mind that it's a pink FSU Cup mmm
I feel ponen the sickness already
I've only been living here in
Tallahassee for about three or four
months and I already I already feel that
I'm gaining a southern accent please
tell me I'm not I will seriously jab a
broom down my throat
I don't know how that I get backs in a
way if I'd be getting that nothing wrong
with it just eyes to think that I would
sound like an idiot I'm not really
getting one in my alley am i starting to
get a southern accent accent
yes really is that you knew your new
shirt you study that's for Matthew B
yeah your very own okay now check this
out watch this okay hold this this is my
thanks mine this is gonna make my life
non-existent thing if I don't appear in
the vlogs thank you you know it's like
kind of really morbid to think about
okay they've made a squeak toy and a toy
for a dog is the squeaking is a
squeaking like satisfaction that to them
to know that you're killing it Zoey is
that what it is like No please don't
kill me
there's a wagon double-kick Zoey that
will get ya the Liu Kang okay you want
to see something really interesting that
we noticed okay these are all the Girl
Scout cookies right all right so we have
ones that are called peanut butter
sandwiches also known as Josie dose but
there's different makers of the Girl
Scout cookies now check this out okay
worse did you eat all the ones that sig
does he does where are those that you
ate of all didn't you
ah I was going to show you guys
something I don't think I can I can do
it okay can do with the shortbread once
Casey is the shortbread and then it also
says Tripp foils trick foils trefoils or
whatever but they're two different
companies like ones what was the swing
company called little brownie Baker's
and then this one's called ABC Baker's I
did not know there was a difference
and then the Samoas okay there's the
Samoas but then they're also called
caramel Delites what's going on Girl
Scouts the Girl Scout conspiracy what's
really interesting though is that the
these peanut butter cookies or paper or
sandwich ones tastes totally different
than those two those ones it's different
my mind is just exploding but I had the
time of my life he's Charles Charles
champion with Marley Zoe and his fiancee
Allie
