wave I that is the frat a thing I have
ever seen they are drinking on top of it
fresh all right I'm about to get hit by
a car I think hey guys good morning ah
do I look just Haggard as I did
yesterday and it was pretty bad
yesterday I looked pretty bad feel a
little better how you feeling yeah I
feel a little bit better I still got
kind of uh I don't want the cough
anymore but my nose is kind of whatever
like stuffy I'm gonna rough couple I
haven't been this sick I don't think
I've been this sick in like five or six
years like really i usually don't get
sick if I get sick it's like usually for
24 hours that's it but is this one
really kind of like kill me huh ah help
me guys help me internet you're my only
hope let's look I'm crying leave it
alone leave Britney alone back off those
are her cookies there's a her cookies
that's lovely honey you were okay you
know what's funny about that shirt I
used to wear that shirt all the time and
you know what's even funnier about that
shirt that's my dad's old t-shirt my dad
it was as big as you in the 80s that's
pretty funny my dad was skinny wait in
there a date on there what's the date
say hey 83 so year before I was born
that is crazy go go go
that would be really fun to actually
that we transported like with tubes like
in futurama wouldn't it be awesome why
are you shaking your head what was that
well your food now you're like Mack yeah
you guys you got the shirt right now
with this sleeveless I'm like it's
double game so you're trying to get a
dailybooth photo huh well why you under
the table all right Stefan the computer
stuff on the computer yeah can you even
get out oh yeah no problem okay so you
want to see what Adrian sent Ali ok
watch this watch off surprise Ali is
gonna be close your eyes don't hit me
yeah well ok nope nope not a toy what is
a toy that's not a choice it's a big
daddy you know the one that they throw
in the water at the end it's really cool
actually I love it that's really awesome
looking where they a dream Thank You
Adrian I'm even has all these awesome
little dollies a bioshock all these
creepy freaking doll has laid a really
good job making that yeah Marley that's
not yours no mom are my big daddy ok so
now you have the official soundtrack and
then you have a little doll you're
officially obsessed with that video game
I love it she's my girlfriend is
obsessed with bioshock grand but fianc√©
I'm sorry I'm sorry okay what's my name
John uh-huh
girlfriend fiance it's all the same
until you're the wife and I'm just
wouldn't then you just woman what what
do you do it huh speaking of weirdos
Zoey there what are you doing jelly what
I got Oh Bobby figured it out wait why
do you have my wallet I think we're
pretty good on girl scout cookies for
right now um vicious that's redic like
we could set up shop that's one thing I
just want to don't you guys know that I
signed up for the Girl Scouts so if you
guys want to buy some cookies they're
only 350 you guys are awesome thank you
for sending them and don't send anymore
because I don't need anymore Owen love
turtle since I've been all cooped up in
the house last couple days I thought
it'd be good to take the dogs out to the
park and just kind of get some fresh air
oh I feel so much better than I did the
other day but I still feel kind of
crappy I need to use this hand button up
by some zipper now it's good to actually
get outside I was getting all was a
cabin fever watchu dog cat serves it up
the straight hair you like oh really hey
Marley your bitch that is all oh sorry
the frisbee get fat look at majerle's
just following Ali oh she got scary oh
hi couldn't jump in and punch me in the
balls yeah there she goes okay so now
that they're the only dogs here they
want to play well I guess we are the
kings and queens and dogs we were the
bitches of the park really so spoiled we
just need to buy like five acres of land
so now Ali's playing bioshock 1 oh I'm
sorry today's a little bit better thank
you guys so much for being so
understandable about our understanding i
should say with the the vlog footage and
everything and maybe not able to do a
lot of things so i really appreciate you
guys but all the well wishing well
wishes well wishers well-wishing that's
got a problem of Bioshock I'm getting
better hopefully tomorrow I'm Way better
than was yesterday so hopefully tomorrow
I'll be even better hey hey Ali where's
your shwarma huh Ali aren't you have a
shawarma Marley Marley Zoe Zoe dog that
we haven't had yet I'm so much skinnier
than Charles Trippy daddy time what
where'd you go we're fighting me we're
finding me glue gun Oh
show I'm trying oh I am yeah this is
shay terms video or a CTFxC video I'm
freaking out right now where are we
we're in the vortex of YouTube you guys
let's go what are we doing on this
channel where the vortex of you too oh
now your way through the fortress of you
to hurry mommy spin thru the vortex
faster spin to the vortex of you to
what's going on right now we're looking
for glue guns for sun tart ok so what's
going on Charles Charles Trippy he is
sick is sick a thick a thick e he
doesn't feel good so he said we will
burden on our shoulders Charles some of
your daily vlogging responsibilities cuz
you're sick and that's what you do in a
community everybody gets together and
they throw some of the burden on the
other person's back and that's what I'm
doing here I'm throwing that burden on
my back and a lot of people look at me
what right now I have no idea what we're
supposed to be going so anyways you guys
let's all talk about some of our
favorite memories about Charles Trippy
what's your favorite memory about
Charles Trippy lobby card my favorite
memory about Charles Trippy is Ali it's
the best part of you girls you like when
Charles trapeze hanging out babytard
what do you want to say this the CTF
next year um it's like we're uh we're
speaking at as a funeral one of my
favorite things about Charles when he
was alive that's how he made good videos
on YouTube and it was so night and he
just loved everybody
stop okay so crowds will be back soon
you guys so you should write this video
5 5 stars and favorite it I swear I'm
gonna smack
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley Zoe and his fiance alley you can
watch it on this channel we need a
decision from the internet
