Oh stupid I'm box all the way to the
parking garage looking for my car and
it's right at the front by itself been a
long day so Chuck and recording so
Charles will not be able to film a lot
today because he's feeling very icky
so one funny story from today already is
this morning I woke up at like 9:30 and
I was rushing around so I thought I was
late I drove all the way to campus in
the pouring ass rain only to find the my
first two classes were canceled today
I totally could have stayed in bed but
it's okay and I just took my religion
exam I actually think I did okay so
day's going pretty well so far we'll see
how the rest I goes me some comments
love and make him feel better
pop rocks okay so we just ran into a
CTFxC rat our post office and she was a
little reluctant to be on camera but
she's awesome so we're gonna make her
say hi Susie and silver
thank you for saying hello good to meet
you so as you guys can tell I'm still
sick so Ali's gonna be taking over the
vlogs for today a long time because look
at this I don't think it's anything bad
I think it's just like it coughed we're
gonna give it a day and then I'll just
go to the doctor tomorrow we don't have
to cute we don't cute kids
okey that was pretty cool maybe we can
get Zoey Marley to talk that'd be funny
oh man I look terrible don't I actually
tell me I look good so that way I don't
nevermind I look terrible I know I sound
terrible
so Ali's gonna be doing the vlog as you
can tell she's been doing it already but
I'll probably be I don't know I I know I
keep doing this I'm I'm pretty out of it
right now from the medicine so I might
pop in here here and there oh we met
somebody or yourself
we met fewer at the post office yeah we
met a viewer and they were like oh I'm
sorry I don't mean to be a creepy
stalker or anything like I'm like that's
totally cool I'm just sick and I'm
probably gonna give you the flu pictures
which are like hacking up along so that
girl gets that photo to me I'll show it
to you cuz I'm part like this it's like
coffee it's pretty bad it's pretty bad
this is my reward for finishing my test
today
probably not the right one I got a funny
one wait maybe oh yeah that one okay I
thought you got to come back with like I
was gonna get always gonna get out and
then I was like no I don't want to make
Charles the confessions of Shopaholic or
something bad Oh terrible like one the
movies but like doubt though it's not
really woman movie but I like Meryl
Streep you are disgusting that's all
he's been saying like you know he was
saying he was saying he was getting
annoyed with the whole $5 box
Taco Bell thing at the monster truck
thing if he says good one more time
it'll be hell to pay yeah the kitchen to
make me a pie yeah so chauvinist Oh
Thank You Athena and Candice and Kelly
sent some more Girl Scout cookies
because they knew I was sick and I
couldn't find them uh I started like a
swallow frog doesn't it ribbit ribbit
really oh my gosh more cookies from Joe
for Michigan's do you balance it that's
just thing that's like jackpot
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley's army and his fiancee Ally you
can watch this channel we need a
decision from the Internet
