okay I love makeup advertisements when
they're really scary like does anyone
actually want to look like this it's
like one holiday down here's another one
we're gonna do that now it is better to
show appreciation than to take things
for granted in bed no eyes already Oh
eyes and no sir that's so creepy so it's
very demented you got a little beard
there beauty today will be the day the
day for what you may ask we will not
rest until we find we hit we you guys
told us to find use this website called
cookie locator yeah they even have a
cookie locator and yeah we've used it a
couple times in it nobody's there so we
will find them we will go everywhere we
will knock on people's houses asking for
girl we won't do that we'll just buy
cookies if we can we'll fly some
Milano's pecans
no we will not rest you know what it's
really hot out today too
I don't think the little little brownies
like they're not little they're not
cooking their cookies after 2 a.m.
girls actually don't make them in number
2 I always thought the girls baked them
was there a time in history that the
Girl Scouts actually bake your cookies
like what did they ever good question I
don't know just went to like a
manufacturer I don't know those cookies
also who else hates the month of
February don't you always feel that
February is the month of ripping you off
like you pay for your rent or your
monthly bills but you only get what 28
days that's not a full month just like
the month of February just because I was
like wait so it's a month but it really
isn't a month
down with February down with February
it's almost done almost done okay stop
number one thank you thank you he didn't
know where they were either
so he did look smart very wise plus I
think we found some this is just a line
for the Girl Scout cookies are here too
the brownie go ninja go ninja Go Go
ninja go ninja Go Go thank God we found
girls how long we've been looking a week
we finally found Girl Scout cookies it's
taken us forever this is what these are
awesome good it's been a long voyage it
has been a very long struggle but
victories ours
victory is ours we have won the day I
don't care what else happens today here
we go the moment of truth victory you've
been following me around like you want
those cookies
yes bit crap he's doing those away
trip things so here smile okay what was
the seven days I was standing like that
you drunk least I'm watching that movie
okay remember when we went to Universal
Studios in Hollywood and went to the the
special effects and the backdraft that
movie backdraft yeah so I'm watching
that on TV it's on country music channel
it's a terrible movie
it's not a very you're a terrible movie
dance dance from 1995 bitch Marley the
turtle I'm sorry the lion he's Charles
Charles Trippy with my leader Rihanna's
fancy Ali
