looks like it's freaking snowing out
there see what I mean the answer
probably out there like what the hell
you take a quiz on it see what kind of
model is it okay to take a six-year-old
to a rock concert yes as long as I
protect their ears
what known that is way too young maybe
it depends on the concert I was going to
say a because of course you have to say
you say you're easily starts out not
forever I'm a lot better I'm getting
better
you are you a little bit about party
with your kids I want us to provide
another party if they're okay with it
no I feel like that's weird I mean but
but that's like would you call that like
party with your kid when they're or yeah
yeah I think it'd be all workers can we
have a birthday party you have to be
partying with them or it's a birthday
party that's like partying I guess it
should be keen on seeing me and heard
yeah what that's a stupid question
I think I'm cool the funniest question
right here take the word that describes
me like I mean is that like it's a vein
for me to go like awesome cool I'm cool
I think I'm cool I think you're kind of
cool
I'm a ghost cool I'm friendly but I'm
cool you're friendly cool person can't
pick tip no friendly I'm interested to
see the answer now I am more friendly
than cool oh it does it our muscle so
cool how do you feel about me well
that's cool mom that's in a Swami the
cool mom who's up with the legs
transactions you like all look so are
fresh and you are and meet other mom
what'd you do hit mom huh that's me your
put the hair flip it everything they say
happy wife happy and I see
his tactical mom it took super late mom
that's so apparently Ali found a website
with nothing but quizzes okay that's
really gonna be me yeah baby cool grass
good weepy you really hit mom and cool
grandma yeah you'll you will live out
your elderly years with asthma goin with
the flow is your forte it change doesn't
bother you you measure hair turns gray
you'll love life just as much as all
those snapchatting youngsters
we are trying to get some stuff for Ali
because we're going to try to set up a
little thing in the office for her video
professional because I talked to a good
friend of ours at playlist she's kind of
giving me some really good information
on what to do I really want to narrow
down what I need to do or my like
workplace when it comes to filming they
need to get into that it was a little
backdrop or studio there trying to get
some this is like an excuse for us they
go get some cool stuff for the house and
try to get organized a little better
because for as long as you've been
living at this new house we have yet to
really narrow down a room in the house
other than listening room the bedroom no
the office no the spare bedroom yeah
okay forget the spare bedroom put the
game room
not really we had it for diversity
gaming to be totally lost it you got a
trending super gotta pee if it's go to
back there's a trailer you know with the
games being introduced it took up a lot
of our time we know maybe one day we'll
builder he's perfecting thank you well
this is not anywhere near our beanbag ma
this is what is imagine like I'm feeling
future stuff she's like needed on it
liquor scuffing on it
maybe we should get you a bunch of these
cuz you suck at keeping plants off
that's a good point actually doing
pretty good right now
knock on wood come on go get that
basketball
at the soccer ball do this there you go
hi kids room it will be freakin awesome
till they get so cool should get
something for the pups no good diesel
big dried dog remember though II had
that thing as you just drag it around I
think was a snake wasn't it they don't
have it anymore
what is it puts a toothbrush diesel
needs a toothbrush good
you're like a bat your back you want to
poop hell yeah or show heads that that's
what that looks like on me except for a
lot smaller I can never get this thing
to go straight it is kind of fun though
because you can go like this
Swedish people know what's going on out
there mark
what by the way your butt looks good
good feel suitably good Wow I don't know
guys if I move around like this
does that make you dizzy making me
freakin pissed yourself
that's almost too red but this one right
here literally if it's close my eyes
right it's making me so dizzy I was
making you guys a little busy maybe not
that was fun
I'm thinking something like Ali's ideas
are flowing right now we're trying to
think of a wall for the back breaks
wanted to pop on camera and we're trying
to think of ideas that you can do we
have several ideas so it's actually
gonna be really cool we got some
shelving we got some pillows for the
background we're thinking maybe the wall
would look kind of cool and pop on
camera it's like a little strange foot
how they get it I mean they're youtubers
I mean like look at this though on
camera like it just popped as a wall oh
then my dad but like if that was a wall
that would look awesome on camera or
that color like that there you go
don't you think
meeting people everywhere we go everyone
this is Danny
we just met Benny today and I'm sorry
your name woman to Kalina and this is
her first time in IKEA so you're in for
a real treat
thank you hi guys
after four hundred trying to figure out
what colors are you alleys backdrop
think no he's one that looks means well
I find for you all you to do painted
like I don't want to do what it looks
good you get this congratulate me hi my
fine decision I literally will but right
now I'm a little husband Palestine
person no it's not don't get pink you do
this okay actually you know what good
game get this get this I want you to get
all dressed up pink you remember yeah
Marley that one right there
guess what she did look at her she knows
she knows she did something that's why
she's not coming over here
I believe I was care sad so I might have
forgotten to eat we go back you come
here Marley he's like the bad child in
the family she's yeah I hate to say that
but she rolled into again I feel like
that's just something that she does I
know why she just get a poop emoji
tattoo it on I now ready poop emoji you
are literally the walking poop emoji
well sure I was going to take the dogs
for a walk I'm going to let some
furniture we got some stuff to like I
don't know like home improvement that's
what we're trying to do get it done
because I feel like even though we've
been here for like a little over a year
now so we've been your trainers we've
been here for a while it's taken some
time you guys were not worried about
that I feel like that was like the first
thing that you guys told us when we
moved was that you're never going to
really feel fully settled in and it's
not going to be a quick process of
settling it take some time so you're
right we almost got it we got a lot of
stuff which I'm very excited about for
the guest room which is going to be kind
of like my filming room right well
studio as the chart says I feel so like
professionals in the studio but
to be our studio so we're going to do
some little updates in there we kind of
like hesitated on the paint because we
wanted to make sure first you know we
had an idea of the wall but we weren't
really sure what is doing what we ended
up doing is bringing or getting some of
the paint swatches and we brought it up
into that room to see what it would be
like with you know not only our ring
light but also the light in the room
thank you sir it wasn't like too crazy
because you know you can do that you can
just like a really really bad color once
you go super dark it's really hard to
come back from that and save your walls
I know it sounds like a really strange
thing but it can be a really hard
process and take a really long time
before we start painting and then like
your use your mind we wanted to make
sure we liked the color that we chose
which is quite a bold color Mar amble so
yeah
Oh 40
really
come on seriously again it's like I love
my kid IKEA furniture
I can't thing on if it's just that IKEA
has simple tools a lot of people think
is a little bit annoying to put together
because of like the wooden dowels
seriously and that and this thing right
here I've got this like at least 300
times
I do love my favorite fix if you love
acupressure I love this thing built this
thing right here don't like back what
are you going to make a video I'm not
really sure why I'm going on is my lord
now their employee losing my mind right
now
so strong possibility yeah
yes
got it up and over the toilet which is
great because now we have a little bit
more storage which is nice but I do have
one thing to say I take back pretty much
everything I said about IKEA it's a
little annoying but it's pretty easy to
assemble I had the worst time getting it
on the wall the worst time in the entire
world Hamburg and it could be my fault
because I was realizing that I was
putting too drywall and all honestly
that was a long moment and I probably
should have done that because I was
trying to figure out the measurements
because on the back of it through like
little doohickeys where you like make
the screws that go into the wall hook
into this little thing worth like it has
a bigger hole and then it goes up into a
little or area that sounds really
awkward and really really weird it was
not working so I kept trying to measure
the exact distance of one side to the
other no matter what I was always just
like the littlest littlest little is
barely even noticeable bit off it
wouldn't fit and I was really having a
very frustrating time I'm not doing any
more tonight and I'm done I'm irritated
pretty positive I pissed off the dogs
because I know that I pissed off myself
I was handed a whole room of this
pinball machine
I think sheer mechanics of these things
it just blows my mind I've had this
thing for years and every day I still
have so much fun with it I guess
well I should play sinking right now
most likely going to get sucked into
this for six hours
so I will say good night I hope you
enjoyed today's video and don't forget
subscribe if you guys are brand new and
not click that like button whether or
not you are brand new or not because
I'll lets us know that you enjoy the
videos have a wonderful day last night
Oh
you
