haha she's eating the remainder of my
smoothie her tongue can go all the way
down in there Kenneth Zoe it looks so
funny she's literally got the longest
tongue I've ever seen like an anteater
yeah it's going all the way to the mine
is here how long is that thang up you
gotta figure that it's going to there
and then it's in her mouth so like
that's flippin long that's what she said
let's get out rural I think alright so
this is what I woke up to yeah I guess
they destroy their toy
alright so about a year maybe year and a
half ago um we were out there for 8 a-8
Toronto e to the youtube gathering and
yeah that's that's me that's its Brent
and that's Paul towner from a pulp TV
basically this the IMP then what are
they improv like pranks I guess you
could call anyway so they asked us to
come out to do a skit while we're out
there in Toronto cuz they're from Canada
what we didn't know um was what they had
in store for us so I'm going to show you
some clips here and if you want to see
the whole video at the end of this video
you'll have a link or the links in the
sidebar you can check it out you can see
me my underwear my skivvies I don't know
is that it is appropriate al and I can
they see me in my underwear pretty saucy
response i see you recognize you're not
gonna beat anyone up good look don't
touch mine touch w my touch so here's
some clips now what Monty realize you
over not have I wanted to be taking my
clothes off in front of the night
so we call this underwear man baby I
have you been nervous about this oh
because everything has led up to not
telling me anything and then being like
we put everything the back of the car is
waiting my passport no leave leave
everything in between it was actually
pretty scary I didn't actually know what
they had in store cuz I thought they
were gonna leave like without clothes in
the car and then leave Brent and I in
our underwear in Toronto without our
passport but yeah you can hear people
yeah if you want to see the whole video
links in the sidebar go check it out you
guys it's really funny and if you aren't
subscribed to Paul towner his show
you're missing out funniest people on
the internet I mean shag glowy always
blocking your eyeball here we go I'm loi
I eat you I ideo get that off me bitch
bitch please so we're going to applebees
to meet up with dot I've Evan and Ali's
friend Hannah from um she actually goes
to UF boo us actually I like you have
more anyway so we're at applebees evan
has a secret admirer
some little kid just walked up to
evidence he's just like with the sticker
need to change the jokes I haven't blue
Don is flawless that's though to you
dated
Osama they have to write their own song
because I
happy birthday to you I don't have to
pee
look amazing
why you tripping no I just wanted to
record the fact that you're trying to
explain to them again I'm not this kid
Hannah just came all the way from
Gainesville and she's making her watch
that she's like no Hannah you got to
watch me play bioshock i can make like
this character oh that's that's what
happens when you come here Zoe's a
welcoming we should go get a broom and
see if we can do that they're all so
pretty yeah we're just discussing how
long women's curling women that's weird
are so pretty it's funny it's like it's
like the winter version of beach
volleyball yeah we started watching it
mocking it now we're all into it I want
to be a professional curler okay I think
it's official curling is pretty awesome
I'm actually getting really into this
perfect investing a lot more on this
than I thought I was
alright so they're going on that this
website like chatroulette or something
like that yeah you can't really see you
so on let's pray about it is a cam
required just go to the next one what
was it yesterday are you kidding me that
is so funny that was pretty haggard it's
probably not it's probably not Wow I
don't think I ever want to go to this
side ever ever again oh this is bad i
would have to blurt all this out yet
next didn't I got nected mixed people
three boys started to talk and I was
just like next it starts speaking like
with weird accents like a bot cuz the
automatic and his eyes on that one this
disturbs me we have gotten some very
creepy chats
no looking for a random stranger this
that was not ready okay so my question
to you guys what is do if you're using
chatroulette what is the weirdest or
scariest thing you've seen while using
Shepherd I need to go to therapy down
ICP girls will be girls I'm sorry I
gotta record this don't turn on dot turn
on sera backwards and upside down yeah
we got a monkey and then we got a banana
yep and we got Abe Lincoln over there to
the day gonna have it like standing up
yeah so how does every youtuber have a
banana costume yeah that's like if
you're gonna make youtube videos first
thing you need to buy other than a
camera as a banana costume
mom masturbating vulgar comedy puts
trails to sleep hi sleepyhead we were
just on chatroulette for like an hour
and we didn't see any of you guys we saw
lots of penises and it was really freaky
he's Charles Charles Trippy with my
laser Marianas fiance alley you can
watch my channel ready a decision for
the internet
