totally growing in I don't even know
what these are they're like look like
clovers or something wrong
totally growing we dude Dolly's little
pot plant shake shake that was actually
pretty good Marley shake thank you good
job see this looks like a rug she's like
so she's wearing a rug what is that from
my favorite part that's my favorite okay
I'm gonna give it away of all time the
part when this character is playing
chess with this other character he goes
sounds like Sean Connery this Sean
Connery so Ali's been having a rough
kind of week with her classes a lot of a
lot of quizzes and papers do so she's
been under a lot of stress that's why
you haven't seen a lot this week in the
vlogs so I decided I looked online and I
saw at this store do you guys remember
this sore toes are us who actually goes
here anymore but they have
enjoy that I think that she would fancy
so I want to see if they have it
wait we're all the toys these are hawk
Oh what happened to Toys R Us oh yeah
okay
what was all the cool babies r us that's
right I forgot about that oh my god
Lincoln Logs I'm I'm like a kid in a toy
store literally wait a second it was
called a t-rex look at all the toys this
is so exciting they have avatar toys
how lame okay so the specific toy we're
looking for is a toy they made for
Bioshock apparently the Big Daddy or the
little sister or something like that I
don't know they actually have a toy are
they some weird toys now a lot of you
guys actually said to play this game
dead space I've never actually even
heard it oh my god
looks like Team Jacob won he got the
girl in the package sorry Edward I can't
even uh yeah that's uh that's funny it's
even funnier Oh
oh my god they've ice tea Run DMC slash
oh yeah I'm a long star ha they totally
had it maybe we should get Zoe Marly a
ball - that'd be really funny to see
them try to chase that they're gonna
break it though do you think I'll like
it little sister a big sister
it's so cute look I got a ball it's
funny because when I said it I was like
oh that sounds bad again I just hit you
in the butt so yeah we got at least
prize seems you like what are you doing
you somehow know that I have something
for you
I got something for you got a puzzle you
got a posit ok ready all right hold on
how could you get out first okay you
have a big sister to little sister Toys
R Us
I hit a lady in the butt I hit that lady
in the butt with this I got you guys
something - how long do you think before
it pops I'm gonna say maybe 5 10 minutes
ready guys look ball okay pop it up
pretty good catch it you like it don't
try to pop it you're gonna pop it up
with a sucker player already ready good
girl so since you're so obsessed I
figured you'd have a little little
action figure for your desk
I think if nobody likes your ball get it
Marley it's for you to do I have to get
like two of them I can't just have one
you guys can't share so you're gonna pop
like oh that's not funny anymore you
popped it up now it's just a deflated
ball
I'm sorry Zoey I thought would last
longer than that well Marley's gonna
play with it now well that didn't last a
minute and a half
good Zoey fun while it lasted okay you
guys don't look at Marley I'm just gonna
talk with you guys
ignore Marley time we're ignoring Marley
nope
Dornan Marley I don't hear anything to
you do you guys hear that I thought I
heard like a wine or a whimper
Brett you're such a brat aren't you good
girl
you see all your friends hello
so I think I think it's a good time now
that the dogs are over there play we
could we can answer a question that
people have been asking us hang out hang
out with us okay that's going you can't
answer it so we're gonna address the
question that you guys have been asking
for the past 300 days about how Allie
and I have met how we met I've met is
that better have that how we met each
other yeah so you want to tell a story
so yeah I was randomly adding people on
a bet to see if I can get more friends
that a friend of mine and I randomly
added her and because she was actually
from Sarasota so we started talking I
don't remember how we started talking
like do you remember I think I just said
like he's like oh just whatever like I
didn't did you make videos then no I
didn't even make videos I think you
punched up in the ball that would've
been the only one but so yeah and we had
little contest on MySpace I'm not even
entirely sure how we kept talking but we
talked for a while we had never actually
met we were just friends for the longest
time we were friends for like five years
she put me on her top eight and I put on
my top eight oh you know what I think I
think the reason why we continued
talking was because I did one of your
pick of the week that's right me a
quarter yes
yeah that's that is actually true I used
to be little games but actually when I
worked at a movie theater I would give
away little pieces of film from like
trailers that we were throwing away and
I under the pseudonym King Kong you got
King Kong because she was the pic of the
week and I just picked random people and
just kind of weird that I randomly
picked my future wife so yeah we were
friends for like five years six years or
something like that what was it December
21st of 2009 sometime in December yeah
we decided to meet face to face
yeah there's time I was gonna go visit
my family and she was in town from
school from FSU and we found out that
our parents had lived five minutes away
from each other 10 years they live
literally we could ride bikes between
each other it was really strange and
then we ended up meeting at a Starbucks
and you were supposed to meet me at
before yeah yeah I apparently stood her
up yeah but so we talked all night and
we literally we talked at the Starbucks
until they closed no they didn't close
we just left oh we just left
we made that friend it was like four oh
yeah we made a rain of uh friend at
Starbucks and then we decided to go to a
park
was it a memory all right no marina Jack
marina Jack so we went to Marina Jack
and we just walked around the playground
and we ended up staying out all night
right we just had their talk in the
morning before I dropped her off we went
to aiya
yep with the I hop and then I dropped
you off and then six hours later yeah
and yeah and that's pretty much it then
we were inseparable since that day I'd
say pretty much so that's pretty much
our corny barf when you listen to the
story yeah the interesting thing is we
did beat on the Internet so that's
that's kind of funny now our lives are
the Internet
and we share it with you guys so now
that you guys know that's how we that's
how we met but you know what we wouldn't
have it any other way we love you guys
yes yes so yeah let's talk about where
we met
so I met you guys one day in a dark
alley you know let's kind of drunk and
you guys looks pretty good and that's
just who slobbered me we're getting some
random stares
yeah maybe funny I was like after that
whole story everyone was like what is
wrong with those people she'd just
rather play with you
she's like screw all those other dogs so
Allie sent me to go do the grocery
shopping it's bad idea I'm gonna come
back with all the candy in the world
ladies is that what happens when you
send your husband or your boyfriend out
if I come back with like Captain Crunch
and you ask for Wheaties or something
look at that not too shabby
all healthy stuff even organic peanut
butter I know Zoe looks delicious
doesn't it the stir fry I'm gonna make
mmm
wait oh wait no where is it do you guys
remember when we randomly bought a wok
from Ikea because it was there we're
like oh I've even walked we've never
used it until now whoo
well I officially screwed up the rice I
know you hope you're saying like Charles
how do you screw up rice that's the
first time ever really made rice it's
actually for difficult than you would
imagine or I just suck at making rice I
don't know but I got a wok you don't
have a wok
we're failing miserably making our
stir-fry I keep getting it over here
okay girls you want some chicken want
some chicken
yep
do I want to wait a little bit skirt
walk the walk
look at that see all the times going
there you know what to do yeah he's like
oh I just hit myself in this oh you know
you're jealous
mmm I know you two are jealous
moment of truth dun dun dun dun said
that da da da good hmm really just pwned
that stir-fry marlis going up on Hoover
duty yep you've officially hit
ridiculous mode yeah you're listening to
the music too honey alright we're done
with Ali for today look how cute Marly
is their little skull and crossbones
plaid
show me your little skull and crossbones
yeah that's cool she wouldn't give she
wouldn't get off the bed so we just made
her into the bed she looked like Han
Solo right there going we're trying to
make the bed Zoe
ridiculous Chuck Norris too
in the face Zoe Zoe wins she's pissed
off I think she's kind of pissed off at
you right now so I ended up beating
Bioshock what don't worry I won't tell
you please tell me there's gonna be a
Bioshock three all right I need a new
video game now it's so cool I work I
work on the interwebs pack some shirts
love you he's Charles Charles champion
with Morley's army and his fiancee Allie
you can watch my channel
we need a decision from the
international television
