you want to see what Ella got me it's a
bouquet of flowers but they're not
flowers it's all fruit that's all fruit
that's crazy it's like pineapple and
cantaloupe love you too looks delicious
yeah so cute what does this let's call
the edible arrangements or something
like that and all edible that good so
cute I was just dying melody was like--
help me pick out stuff is like oh no one
looks cute that was cute alright so
we're watching this thing about Jesse
James and JM James have you heard about
this like how like Jesse James could
have like faked his death and lived out
as a guy named JM James if you haven't
googled this it's pretty crazy so I'm
the history channel it out what no bio
sha haha you were trying to sneak that
i'm watching luck jessie james come on
it's so cool no but seriously the JM
james jessie james the conspiracy thing
they actually doing all this DNA and
like photo analysis is pretty crazy i'll
try i'll try to find the photo i'll try
to find some photos or i'll link if
there's a link in this rotten described
described our description bar that means
I found something otherwise you can
google for it subscribe subscribe we're
gonna call the described bar it could be
down there if you're the new YouTube
player it's down there see down there or
it's some there I never know where it is
good thing it's down there now I know
it's not gonna be up there I'm gonna eat
some of this
melon balls I can't eat all this you got
to eat some of it please put the game
down I've been afflicted all done so
good I'm just kidding look at that's a
lot of fruit I'd it doesn't look like
that much on a little spiky porcupine
thing but once this in I could like a
container thank you baby I should start
the raw food diet just because I have
all this fruit so it's productive
Wednesday that's what we're gonna call
Wednesday today we're gonna call every
day productive something so for did I
just spit all over you guys I'm so sorry
I feel like I've always in the car you
know what the reason is because I'm
productive unproductive Wednesday oh you
like how i turn that around awesome
awesome like that Ali went looking
around on campus her camera died shaking
the film but she said the circus was
performing or training i should say i
should wait those up so you guys can
actually hear what I'm saying she said
there were people practicing for the
circus I'm so um just imagine circus
people on campus she saw her camera died
and she looked for Girl Scout good
musician and finally I don't think they
exist I think Girl Scout cookies like
went out in the 90s I mean I don't think
there's even waiting more Girl Scouts in
the world or Boy Scouts the cups was it
this is Spock but it isn't this like
isn't that Cub Scouts or something like
that the thought I'll come out tomorrow
bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow
there'll be Sun I just blinded you
blanket by the love
ripped up like a deuce and did the
Berber do but do I don't know I don't
even know that's I don't know what he
says they're reduct like a deuce that's
all I know revved up like a deuce and
burning in the light I don't know I like
rambling ramblings fun do you guys like
listen to me ramble about anything and
everything hey that guy's drunk he's
wobbling all over the place he's
wobbling we will wobble guys remember
wobbles away whilst weevils that's what
they're called that wobbles Mara weevils
this is fun I like just say whatever
comes to my mind like pancakes pancakes
that would be good I swear you guys on
my hi she's so high above me she's so
lovely wow this is like the most
rambling I've ever done okay I'll stop
it wait is it possible to have a sugar
high from fruit I think so cuz that's
natural sugar cuz I am pretty hyper
after all that fruit it's way better
than redbull oh Red Bull good no fruit
cantaloupe pineapple oh it's Duval
Street you know what happens when you
you're having a really good day and then
some sure golf I was just a jerk off I
guess I don't know jerk off jerk off
what everyone called some jerk totally
ruins it that's totally what happened I
was at the post office mailing you gotta
shirts and the guy told me that he
wouldn't mail the shirts because it was
430 and it goes at five which they're
not supposed to do so that was very
frustrating so to make myself feel
better I'm gonna go to get a movie then
we're gonna go play at best buy and then
we're gonna eat some fruit and then
we're gonna get a sugar high it's okay I
can't knock down but get up again oh
you're never gonna keep it down yeah I
get knocked down I don't even think i'm
singing the wrong lyrics but that's okay
because i got knocked down but i'm
getting up again whoo what better place
blow off some steam can you guess can
you guess can get jayden guess of course
are there any other good games out like
i heard where is it this one is this one
good it's like all over our videos and
stuff like that but we're about to beat
bioshock and I'm just preparing for
another game
what are some good games this looks like
a good game I'm kidding Oh what about
this one they make a game out of this
have you ever played bioshock get tired
up Oh Marley she's trying to explain
bioshock 2 dot f are you talking to dr.
she's trying to explain bioshock please
help me guys okay so i thought of
something really fun to try allie is
going to making concoction of five
ingredients five ingredients of things
we have that are edible that are edible
okay edible and won't poison me so no
bleach and then she has to put it
together mix it together and I will have
to eat it and if I could do it then I
get to make it for her so what are you
gonna do oh that wasn't it the it's
negative agreement now I'm not its
binding if it's on youtube its binding
you have to eat the entire thing no not
the entire thing I'm not least a
spoonful I'm not doing a spoonful it's
binding night is my creation he's half
your your face is on here that there you
agree to it yeah she agrees to it deals
work okay you have to pour that wax in
your mouth that's all that's not edible
can't eat wax yay Ken Kenny wax can meet
papers well I'm you got aboard it's not
gonna hurt me try again wax 11 Micah
gone yet for a little bit yeah hey Zoe I
thanks five things I do a spoonful of it
Rick I is scared now so i'll let you
think and i'll give you the camera and
okay guys I'm gonna go in the other room
and watch it does this
okay for sure ingredient number one cuz
it's really dry they'll be really funny
watching it and try to eat that okay
great number 29 treads good anymore
there we go oh yeah one itself so cold
ooh dude there's ingredient number four
okay so we've got this this this this
and I watch in the final ingredient be I
know dog treat actually I've
reconsidered this is sure to give it a
little nice kick
okay there it is skip this a cell with
okay he might barf I can't believe you
got your love into this don't even smell
like is you're gonna puke if you smell
it there's not like dog food in all
right no I didn't do it look at me I
know I swear to God I swear to God I
didn't I go to each other I can already
tell us in here what's in there yeah I
think I smell garlic lots of garlic
oatmeal I don't real good oh you're
worse for a nice pasty texture Tabasco
sauce and pickles use know what's the
other thing tell you puke this is gonna
be so bad so how much do I have to eat I
don't even I don't even if you can put
in your mouth and I'll puke that's what
she said I don't even care let's get
some that chewing action joy family
stuff okay it was it was grits Tabasco
garlic refried beans and mayonnaise oh I
knew he would need it if I put
mayonnaise in it that's all I did it hmm
that was such a bad idea do it let me
make one for you come on that wasn't the
deal I tried it nope you didn't eat it
you said which means swallow did I say
try no
hmm damn it oh I need another cookie go
on try the game your play oh they'll
love that I've been out for the tabasco
but no not-not-not do you want your
favorite treat okay ready there you go
she likes ice cubes over any other tree
it's really funny and it shall go take
it to our laundry and sit on our laundry
oh it's dirty I don't get it that is so
gross you were so lucky that's dirty
laundry stop James spinach so I could be
strong luck Popeye oh yeah see kids
always eat your spinach Vicki big and
strong see if you want a healthy dinner
snack sauteed snitch a little bit of
Parmesan cheese delicious she stops
playing she's been playing oh no that's
a first we got one we're giving away
free hoodies the live show right now
someone just knock them out somebody
knocked him out oh okay hold on wow this
is this is intense this one tastes
another one knocked about how was Cohen
question was while in New Orleans in the
French market the answer women wait why
we did the french market what was the
name of the song that Ali was singing as
well as a girl in the concert and the
answer is proud mary is not called
rolling on the river it's called proudly
called proud mary it was originally I
think by Creedence Clearwater so if you
answer Proud Mary you're awesome and
rolling on the roof but that's not it
now who is obsessed yeah that's me you
don't want to watch this but I'm getting
towards the end of the game so you don't
wanna okay so if any of you guys have
the Little Big Daddy action figures that
you want to sell or trade for a shirt
let me know because I'm obsessed with
this game I want a little big daddy look
who's talking
I really honestly feel like these these
guys think were paid by the people who
made by OSHA we're not we swear we did
meet the lady who developed it and she
was awesome yes I did say she should we
get the game heavy rain for PlayStation
that is thanks no no heavy rain smash
attack I'm drill attackers drill attack
wait it's weird like I said you know
what that's kidding he's Charles Charles
trapping with Marley Zoe and his fiance
Ali you can watch this channel we need a
decision from the internet
