hey everyone we're gonna go look for
Girl Scout cookies because I think came
out today was it today or yesterday yeah
the fifteenth or something so we were
trying to find some Girl Scout cookies I
won't get some trefoils cookies Rock
those are the most ridiculous scissors
I've ever seen I forgot today's actual
like Fat Tuesday Mardi Gras it seems
like it's happening over there because I
was crying so much why do you always put
your nose into everything Marley we're
going to campus we're gonna try to find
some Girl Scout cookies I don't know
we're hopeful we're hopeful for the Girl
Scout cookies prostitute you know I know
these are for like chopping onions but
these are actually pretty you're like
Seth Green from that one movie Idol ants
that's the one I like the guy who wears
the goggle all the time
oh hey how's it going yeah I think so
all right so first stop is Publix and
they're usually standing by the door no
I don't see any no cookies they stopped
selling cookies after five lives it's
dinner time for the house quite
sufficiently we found a new park so
we're gonna take it take
Marly you sound like a bird you don't
need a bird honey we have one there's
the cool little Park actually you know
what's really funny no no listen
this was the park we came to on her very
first vlog the very first vlog was at
this park day one that was at this park
remember
Rebecca was filming her thing our video
go the wrong direction oh yeah if you
guys look at our very first vlog of day
one this this is from day one this is
the exact same park yeah we went to this
and they move it to the park I'm pretty
sure we did this was this part can see
you were walking there and I was sitting
here talking everyone you were like
Charles what are you doing and I'm like
I'll just logging I could have sworn I
think one up so we found a new dog park
this was just step in poop in my gross
marlis the everyone wants a piece of
Marley right now everyone likes Marley
hey Marley it's like the real Marley
Marley they try and chase her Marley
look over here go to the right side go
to the right side didn't scare bar they
look at me she's way too fast on yeah I
forgot my sweater yeah yeah I know I
know I already called myself an idiot
you're an idiot
hey Marley
hey real Marley why can't you get Marley
to do that she's taking over every dog
park
she's the Highlander
see that's the tree and then you were
trying to eat berries over there this
was day one what are we at 292 292 days
later we returned to the same heart
crazy 292 days almost 300 days oh yeah
why this why is it there
my daddy's cold dance all right so it's
currently 47 degrees and Ali has to get
more ice cream it's unbelievable I can't
I can't ever have ice cream when it's
this cold every time I have ice cream be
super thirsty like every time I have ice
cream the only thing I ever want is like
a big thing of walk dead water exactly
so Ali gave up on the Girl Scout cookie
hunt so I'm trying another Publix I want
some trefoils some good truffle lows or
a tree falls I think Altru flaws don't
want to hit you
fingers crossed so just my luck no Girl
Scout cookies but I got a plan B I'm
gonna actually try to make cookies it's
gonna be interesting never tried to make
cookies I know I know a lot of you guys
like Charles you're such a awesome cook
you've never made cookies no person who
said that I have not made cookies and
I'm a little afraid but I think they're
gonna come out amazing
so we'll see all right be here do we
want to do peanut butter or oatmeal what
do you want to do peanut butter oatmeal
quick decision Oh me no that's a good
decision homemade in 20 minutes let's
see if we can beat that
it's 1042 all right we can do this 11:02
oh yeah it's like the kool-aid guy see
who needs Girl Scout cookies these are
probably gonna suck Godspeed little
cookies this is gonna be awesome
looking delicious are those done ah geez
it just fucked up the whole lens are you
guys okay
okay I think you're better now hmm okay
gotta stop you cancel off oh can you
smell it
can you smell it wafting through the
speakers oh it just looks like a giant
mess of Awesomeness okay
Ally's officially obsessed with Bioshock
Bessie Smith nobody knows when you're
down and out and all fairness the game
is so awesome and it's got this whole
really cool underlying 50s theme it's
got all this great music
okay you go seriously developers of
Bioshock just send her a t-shirt or
something cuz she's like upset we're
gonna we have to make her play the first
version I think I just feel like the
story is so good and it's like okay this
story makers date Ally play half-life
I've played half-life all of them you
played all of them episode 1 and 2 you
bet bet you watched them okay play
through them all right what do you guys
think greatest game of all time
half-life do you think half-life is the
greatest series okay if I made a
half-life movie and didn't screw it up
like doom that would possibly the beat
like absolutely the best movie of all
time I think I've never been so scared
watching a game happily watching that
half-life is probably the best game you
guys agree
you don't agree go actually you probably
get the first version of half-life for
like five bucks now so Resident Evil and
I think probably half-life scariest
games
okay the PC game quake quake your baby
who gets scared of quake that's just
like a like a frag no MMORPGs or
whatever they're called strategy MMORPG
realtime strategy I know none of those
you need to focus on your school look
she's like watching me play that
Bioshock listening to Bioshock music
instead of doing her homework
is that the shirt film is decent who
needs girls doll cookies Oh may right
there he's Charles Charles Trippy with
Miley and say Allie
