good morning everyone har should say
afternoon it is four o'clock I've been
sleeping since 2:00 that night called
totally knocked me out I don't know I
feel a little bit better it was really a
key really a key I think I got the flu
it's not good the flu or swine flu oh my
god do I have swine flu or avian flu or
the flu flu or a new type of flu that's
true P flu I gotta go to the post office
run a few errands I'm gonna go get some
ass up I'm gonna go get some Ali I'm
gonna go get some chalk that see the
medicine is still the residuals I'm
gonna go get some chocolate for Ali
because you know what it's not
Valentine's Day so I can buy Valentine's
Day chocolate and not contribute to the
man I'm not contributed to the holiday
Hallmark or whoever started Valentine's
Day st. Valentine well whoever marketed
I'm just rambling now cue intro I
totally needed that segue anyway so
really go get some chocolate for Ali and
run a few errands and hopefully get over
the sickness by the end of the day I'm
willing it use all your internet powers
to will it you guys sure they're lovely
before they get ugly and learn to do bad
stuff flowers are pretty before they get
shitty and rotten you turn to dust I
heard their life is the wheel and you
can't make a stop to try to flatten your
head it's the circle of shit and we're
the middle of it but soon we'll be dead
like everybody else that's never lived
before things you tried to all to the
nobody knows how hard to try been that
way since the start of time there was
cavemen have done some amazing things
but nobody here gives a fuck and in a
thousand years they'll feel the same of
all the things you've done so don't
worry one minds gave you cancer stay up
light source warning answers just the
crapshoot but it's mostly crap things
start off they're so terrific they'll
fuck up its scientific entropy
uncertainty won't yield to you oh you
guys know this song awesome song what am
i all-time favourite band that I've
never got to meet wish one day I'll meet
them hopefully one day wait where's the
post office close what day is it Monday
why are they closed on Monday it's not
Sunday is it no it's Monday what is this
so we're gonna go surprise Ali it was
their favorite and Godiva chocolate are
nice so sweet all right where the hell
is this place
found it a I am here I need to be here
deliciousness accomplished deliciousness
deliciousness that's a fun word to say
deliciousness delicious
happy day after Valentine's Day see it's
not Valentine's Day so it's okay you
know what's funny is that but I beat you
to it I made friends with the girl and
she gave me a lot of chocolate
cheesecake I think strawberry cheesecake
no that's it it's coconut ha coconut I'm
just kidding she's cake Marley's like I
want some chocolate
I've been busy thought out orders it is
the Shelf is getting a little bit
emptier you know what it is it's like
which one's the good one though like you
you think this might be the coconut but
you're like no no this one is the best
box of chocolate oh it actually our zine
no this one has no crap that I don't
like everything is delicious really yeah
that's how I roll people totally did but
usually it's like you eat it and then
you're like oh this is gross what fun
that one looks terrible it's good almond
cream I like oh I want this at the total
I'll try this
how pretty it is you see the sparkles
here's frost on my car
okay so the poor guy with me at Papa
John's Henry he called his order in like
a half an hour ago and they completely
screwed up and they didn't put his order
in the system so now he's got to just
hang out at Papa John's alone with the
pizza people it's gonna be a good night
for Henry okay do you guys have any
scary pizza restaurant stories because I
remember this one chain that I was at
that had a specific restaurant attached
to it not just the you know not just a
little like where they just make the
pizza in the back actually had a
sit-down place as well so this company
who shall remain nameless we were eating
there and this server walked out of the
kitchen with a pizza drop the pizza
cheese side down on the restaurant floor
I watched him with my own two eyes pick
it up and serve it to the people sitting
right behind us I was mortified needless
to say and never went back there and I
will never order pizza from that company
again nasty it was pizza
you can't see now
yeah I'm just gonna I'm just gonna walk
over here and do a little dance I'm
shakin she's gotta Bravo
yeah you died who was that she said 15
minutes and now you play for an hour and
a half you ridiculous Michael Jackson
we've been playing the game of rest
oh this we're both still kind of sick
because somebody got me sick I don't
know who did because you were hammered
in New Orleans with like 8,000 sick
people actually I was sober for New
Orleans I think that's the only way I
was able to like stand Mardi Gras was
the fact that I was sober all right I'm
gonna go to sleep I'm passing out your
toes veiny
everywhere I would imagine everyone has
to sit oh you just coughed on all of
them I'm sorry you guys is telling
covered mouth you're all sick I hope
none of you got the internet flu now
don't get sick and if you do drink lots
of juice of oranges good night
ridiculous he's Charles Charles champion
with more Lisa Rihanna's fiance ally you
can watch this channel we need a
decision from the internet
