that's true
happy Valentine's Day forgot about that
oh I want to say thank you actually we
should say thank you to YouTube for
putting our proposal video on the front
page that was really cool of them so
yeah we're on the front page with our
proposal video no you know what I'm not
isolating and that's like I don't want
to like isolate those people all your
single people happy anti Valentine's Day
because I'm celebrating it with you so
she she I'm hope I'm making her I make
here just so we can make everyone feel
good about Valentine's Day
so now melissa and Ally are gonna go
around giving their beads as they don't
need them and they want to go see boobs
I told her we shouldn't do that but they
demanded
they're no longer robots
I just got hit in the face it's so
deadly
yeah they'll be watch out
the head again
it's really cool here if you've never
been in New Orleans you don't
necessarily have to come from Mardi Gras
because it's kind of crazy but just
coming here and seeing the buildings
it's really cool asleep Valencia but
French it's like French it reminds me
okay you know what it's more like
Valencia than any other city that I've
been in so far it's like Europe okay
Valencia just waiting for the tractors
to go through
all those tractors wait there's a parade
blocking our route
stupido
first of bumper traffic on the
interstate and I'm pretty sure they are
all trying to get to that product so
guys are coming to Mardi Gras leave now
like the second this video is done leave
otherwise you're not gonna get
Mississippi
I can smell that how do you spell it and
I yeah that's right
good job
so Ali wants me to keep her up so I told
her to recite all 50 states
so I can finish editing a lot of
censoring and not yesterday's like if
you didn't see it go click on yes it is
up here stuff like that go boobs boobs
up Marty groaning Wow that's pretty good
high five
we're gonna be like minute black again
just cross the state line actually no we
don't do that anymore
actually did Ally tell you about the
story where she walked into the bathroom
she stopped Melissa was in there as she
made friends with a kitty okay so Ally's
currently trying to persuade the cat to
come towards her so she can adopt it
oh god please can't run the other way
five bucks what do you think oh my god
she's gonna actually get again I mean
cats are cool but I'm not a big fan of
them and I told her if she actually can
catch it that she can have it oh my god
she's probably gonna catch it I did it
so she'd feel better so she wouldn't
feel so bad just leaving it but I think
it's okay but it is a baby kitten oh god
it's coming closer to her
Ali negotiator yeah you're a cat
I'll give you this subway it I'll snag
you
you didn't get them you're allergic to
kitties you can't adopt the kitty
everyone stay by to Melissa she's got
Drive back you follow on her Twitter now
that you guys are all huge fans yes
she's got the B paper buzz picking up
the puppies get some Valentine's a
Valentine a Valentine's ice cream coz
Evan and dot watch the dogs kept them
happy
you know what you what you get oh yeah
it's like 40 degrees out that's
delicious
oh look our neighbor Letta
was a rose petals to their door right
they liked us so much glad to be home
how about you yeah I am no more boobs
boobs and drunkards but you like my hair
look at this this I'm so tired I just
took them some night well as you can
tell my sickness has come back so you
guys didn't give me sick excuse me the
internet didn't give me sick Mardi Gras
got me sick oh it was worth it though it
was so much fun you guys have fun it was
awesome so yeah it's been Valentine's
Day happy Valentine's Day baby fucking
Valentine's Valentine's Days you know
towel Oh baby
so our boycott of Valentine's Day whoo
Valentine's Day sucks you don't need to
celebrate it you need to just tell the
people that you love every single day
that you love them love you love you or
is that little wag love you you love you
what is what does love you Marley okay
big goofball
ears down you're gonna fall down so take
this moment you guys to tell everyone
that you love you love them have a good
night I'm gonna go pass out because this
day calls really hit me hard
he's Charles Charles champion with
Marley Rihanna's fiancee Ally you can
watch my channel we need a decision from
the internet television
