all right what do you think you think
they're gonna hate me yeah they're gonna
hate me
sorry post office okay so that was fun
when I was walking out he just looked at
everyone I was just like you guys just
made a lot of youtubers very happy and
they just looked at me like I was a
complete idiot so now I gotta get the
oil changed and clean the car cuz
Melissa's coming up and tomorrow we
leave for New Orleans so we got to drive
to New Orleans I think it's about five
maybe six more hours north or west I
don't really know my geography I think
it's that way
well whatever we're going to New Orleans
tomorrow oh you psyched so let's pretend
like we're buying a car and see how many
car salesmen people we can dodge oh
there's one Shh
see you oh there's my card red oh
there's my card silver but look my car
blue could it be my card white I know
I'm an idiot but isn't that why you
watch where the cars open net sandwich
in the world pickles plus peanut butter
plus bread plus my mouth delicious not
yours
mm-hmm I'm telling you guys don't knock
it until you try it
yay fish head net sent me a present
all right let's check this out oh sweet
they sent some custom shirts and here it
is CTFxC is for haters hoodies oh these
are awesome these came out so good and
they got a new blue one it's not purple
but it's still pretty awesome and Ally
got some Kate Spade stuff that's
actually her friends aunt punch her in
the face you gonna try it you're so high
no exes you got higher than you come on
ladies let's go I've been ready for 15
minutes you're a liar
give up you have a wife
and alike fold it under don't hang out
with you you're already ready you have
some Mardi Gras beads guys take these to
New Orleans and show them get some boobs
cool there's some Mardi Gras beads
your boobs now remember girls have more
self-respect and showing your boobs for
beads journos dolls goggles what else or
take Gordon we're going to Gordo's we're
going to go weirdos it's a it's a Cuban
place and it's a Cuban sandwich place
and it's really really delicious
hi people I love how people like don't
understand I'm talking to a camera like
that's is that really not acceptable
it's gotta be acceptable but it's like
talking on a cell phone now but in the
21st century
what is it like the dough sexy the
second commercial the guy most amazing
guy yeah the world is that a legit thing
is that just the marketing campaigns I
feel like the owner or something am i
that gullible and I'm liking this guy's
ocean it seems like the most like
interesting man because I want to know
about this guy
drinking man legal illegal is illegal
it's legal to drink that in the face
Kuban in year out our waitress really
likes you must like my sweater because
that's all happiness in that you're
angry there's no Coke it's just
happiness
Melissa trippy
I'm gonna start calling you at almost
routine I'm gonna start talking like
we're like Twitter chupacabra here your
prices may vary based on your attitude
all right so look what my little sister
sent via text message I have to blur
this because it is a naked dancing
cowboy there and his dancing glory yep
sorry guys I had to show it to you I got
a delete this before somebody sees it my
sister trying to think of a twitter
twitter post
everyone's twittering
fantastic you know what it is she needs
to play Bioshock lunch tell her tell her
in the comments that she needs to play
Bioshock 1 cuz she hasn't even played
go 964 is still the best first-person
shooter of all time
don't you agree phone 964
goal 964 best video game ever
what is your favorite video game Mario
hey Mark
she likes me accelerometer where do you
guys we're not paid by Bioshock or ei or
TK or whoever's like doing this game Ali
is promoted look it's our favorite
bathroom oops
we should really kind of analyze this so
I love Whitney bats bats all love the
order sounds like something from jersey
shore line Mac Sarah Harper was here I
don't know why Sarah this is the men's
bathroom Kyle aka dream leader does
anyone use duh
the heater looks like wall-e oh my god
is that wall-e
I had to win do whatever it takes to win
that is a loss I'm often that as a win
Santa too fun
they do what he knew
is the bodybuilder
there you can sit up front for casing as
rating this crappy rain where it's just
like oh look there's rain there's rain
there's rain good luck people over there
she likes the pillows he's Charles
Charles Trippy with Morley and his
fiancee Ally
