boring internet guess where we're on
scrotum lake again and scrotum loop I'm
sorry
so crumbs not grow died scrotum oof
he has been watching the videos a long
time for some reason every time we come
from Orlando we always end up on scrotum
the funniest part is when talking I'm
sobbing grab coffee and there's there is
literally Starbucks everywhere and I
always for some reasons I'm always on
this one it's so random we don't even
need to like I couldn't even tell you
what exit this is some reason this is
the one that we otherwise I believe is
completely gone you are screaming like a
little fabulous yeah there's so much fun
last night
yeah so I good morning good afternoon no
it's actually good morning we're driving
back from Orlando we stayed last night
because we're tired and my head it was a
long long weekend and Melissa was
watching the top so we knew their face
I'm just editing the video from
yesterday which by the way go check it
out I bought one of those digits spinner
things here I took it around playlists
and just asked mainly adults to try to
figure out how to play with it I lose
the foot is really a Ron de 9 huh
everybody remember out I really like
chiasma wearing rings where is her ring
gone it's actually getting good we ain't
even married
she's getting her ring cleaned right now
so she's a little bit she's making Ali's
a little bit naked a me dying into
macaron danger burial go slow
enjoy your trouble anyway so we got it
for house says no it's still fun we're
we're home which is nice but we're all
freaking deliriously exhausted we're
going to get some food right now because
we're delirious as you can probably hear
and then we're going to pick up all the
pups and get home knock on wood the
steak would knock on wood we are not
sick right now my voice sounds pretty
bad because I think those caused all the
yelling you know Universal last night I
uploaded the video and I think it's file
my favorite videos it wouldn't watch it
was so funny like it's just watch essays
video I know I say that a lot but
Helena's there just go watch it first
with me like trying to explain it I'll
thank God you got to grab those photos
there was a falling on the ground double
just died there for some reason to want
a plastic piece of jalapenos are like
the hottest jalapenos in the world
they're so good
here they come only sahaja yoga
you know the one that's like right over
there this is good so we go
you ever wonder why hot people like hot
stuff it's why people crazy hot stuff
ever wonder that it's kind of the same
thing is like some great rain coming
Paul Fiore yeah I guess so but I guess
really hot which is almost like
unbearable yeah who you who are you yeah
yeah you have a thing you're lazy you're
lazy - hey sweet girl
oh hey doofus you still pin like the
longest be in the world bud side the
monster is coming out I ready for all
the monster but big monster okay
sorry broke the door let's go oh Jesus
boy he loves the trampoline now it's so
funny hi Joe hi baby girl
let's go on a trampoline okay they're
jumping come on you know how to jump
here we go
jump jump jump jump here we go good boy
okay now I guess I had my girl ronzo
your left hook one side 360 knock his
ass down your both sides there bowties a
little small buddy oh yeah Marley put
him in his place
ah good my couch you back off
it was are you protecting Riley no
that's perfect so she is already put
just a dog and what you didn't see was
family running out about her head he's
all out front and I was like just trying
to get him to the bathroom and what you
didn't see was family running over to
diesel and kissing each other to death
was kind of the cutest thing ever you
can just tell that Joey is totally over
over family she loves family but she's
totally over family because I think he's
a lot for she saw diesel and instead of
like kind of going to her own little
section of the yard or going to you know
straight to the car and avoiding him she
ran up and greeted diesel with open arms
which does not happen at all ever and I
just realized I still have counts
decorations up I have a fun part every
time when we travel I'm packing the
Sookie Oh every guy we got a bunch of
games from a trip so we got all these we
can do some little challenges which
would be kind of fun you want to see it
I fit wet there's nothing wet in my
suitcase
what a weird situation did you pee in it
so I told you I wanted to do yard work
kind of a lie I do want to do it like
don't get me wrong I want to do yard
work it's just bloody hot outside
decided I'm just going to rearrange the
kitchen I was upstairs cleaned upstairs
and honestly I don't think it's not look
any different but it's a little bit
messy as you can tell this is how it
always works out with Charles and I
we're just automatically explodes so I
feel like we shove like an explosion
right there and this is the outcome
starting to move some things around that
would be more logical because all of my
coffee mugs are in this one but I'm a
Keurig over in that corner so I'm trying
to figure out what to do our item I
don't normally do I think I'm volunteer
here move some stuff around take some
stuff out I might move him from this
area probably to the office area because
I think it might be more fitting for
this and that to be in the office area I
would call me crazy I don't know my
rearranging skills might be a little off
he hates it I'm always like stopping the
computer in the kitchen it's my number
one day I do not like anywhere else
preferably the office because I usually
feel that the office is meant for that
what do I know no I'm trying to make the
kitchen a little bit less cluttered so
here is the before
the best feeling ever
I'm proud of discovering that we're
slightly minimalist we don't really have
much in our home so when there is stuff
in our kitchen it's just a bunch of junk
we're crab from this one I'm not sure
what he was doing I don't know why I
like him not the funnest thing in the
world for me to do personally but one of
those things that just needs to be done
now then clean light bulb that it stays
clean because I want to tell you what I
just might shave his eyebrows off
if this kitchen gets destroyed again so
so on that note I have some stuff
IATA gray the grosser cuz we don't have
anything in the house so you wanna go
with me chewing on me grocer or you had
some issues back did you tell them the
bad news oh my shoes okay it didn't work
out so Charles is taking back the adidas
Hyperlite super flo rida super slow
riders there we go slowly mix slow
Turton's what are they no okay it's
absurd and the game closet you have a
game closet or they called oh oh I'll do
the ultra boots
I'm getting there I'm still out of it
right now yeah well did you see that
girl with that I got a plenty hill and
just similarly to Ally
I was being a gentleman strawberry like
I said I wasn't attention mr. no three
times and I walked up and almost closed
my strawberries in a cars and I was like
whoops but I think that several times I
did that with Travis with sister as well
I don't know if you guys remember that
on travesty day before his wedding
Travis chracter for some reason looks
very similar to Holly and they're both
wearing the same exact thing with that
situation it actually kind of went a
couple steps further because I actually
put my arm around her thinking like it
was Ali in front of the most awkward
situation I think I've done it I think
ever
it really was this was try to consider
wasn't that I mean it was awkward but it
was that bad
thank God it was just like a complete
stranger because it really had its way
you stay before every clip so so we're
going to the grocery store get it what
yeah my love I don't feel like you did a
little chameleon laughs hurry big old
log the Builder geezer removing
depressor I'm gonna stab you with this
in your nostril wait what's it look at
yourself don't smile
I meant issue a common tactic deep into
his old
I have so you're not funny
and you guys know the dogs love carrots
so Charles thought it would be funny to
get the full care the full carat full
blinding parsh give them over hey Riley
sit eat you want one okay what's up doc
Oh top that's pretty close
sit gentle delicate sensors not gentle
in your fall
goes to character well you forgot a few
read it now
techno if I don't want it I like I like
this stuff it's already prepped stuff it
take another way is like this is muck
out that's like they know what it is but
they're kind of confused I feel like she
needs some bunny ears on her I know she
figured it out
no she's like I don't want that piece
don't even think about it you little
turd this is so funny to me it's a
simple thing he's cracked me up he's
going through a rave right now p.m. wait
for the drop everybody going in the club
club club
everybody's gonna listen to the music in
the club listen for the beat in the club
oh here comes the drop I don't know I
don't go to this thing's gotta say it's
nice to be back on my own couch hanging
out all that pups look it's always up in
a dream right now
Oh Hitler I love traveling don't get me
wrong but nothing beats being home I
didn't want to really get sick because
you know like what it's called the
VidCon flute playlist flu so I kind of
just didn't overwork myself today but
yeah you know what I mean it was just
another day in life I really enjoyed it
hope you guys enjoyed the playlist
videos from the past weekend now I just
got effected in my mind set ready for
the Europe tour which is in a couple
weeks actually and then Hawaii
oh and Danny's birthday's tomorrow - so
everyone makes sure they will wish Danny
happy birthday I don't know I would go
to sleep right now because I can
actually get a good night's sleep just
all the craziness that is playlist I
didn't get the bed I think every single
night before 4 a.m. so it was always
around like 3:30 or 4 a.m. is when I was
falling asleep and then you know we had
to be agreed at 10 a.m. so I was getting
very little sleep you have to do those
things it's part of the job it's amazing
good to meet you guys trust me I
wouldn't change it for the world I will
see you guys tomorrow
I just realized that's going on right
have a good night guys or afternoon or
morning and we'll see you tomorrow bye
went ahead but it's just like yesterday
you
you
you
