good morning guys I have a bone to pick
with you you got me sick again through
the internet you guys transmitted your
sick disease through the interwebs
those are sneeze
well now he does cuz he just out of the
video can't speak guys anything uh maybe
I just never was full bully oh excuse me
pulling over my sickness oh this is
gonna be fun
you got me sick Oh Jeff Goldblum go do
you wanna watch stretchy park with Jeff
Goldblum do you want to wants to fly
with Jeff Goldblum you think the fly
it's my favorite movie ever
fly faith all right I guess Marley wants
to watch the fly Goldblum I don't think
Marley has a concept of personal space
all right show me classes
show me glasses rock god Zoey
let me give you a pic whoo Zoey it's
like I play guitar it's not a big deal
my face is is she I'll lick these frames
I'll lick them hey you gonna clean them
I like that Rick I'll lick it throw
everything off the bed I don't need it
wine wine wine internet got me sick
wine wine you want some cheese with that
whine
yeah you got plenty of cheese hey no ass
looking trying to get the last of the
shirts mailed out oh this is like a long
process
she said right is that what she said
about you
so today's new mission now that we got
everything mailed out find Girl Scout
cookies they're nowhere to be seen
anywhere in Tallahassee so we're gonna
go around campus and maybe see excuse me
ma'am
do they have any Girl Scout cookies over
there I'm desperate for cookies there's
a way too much Florida State stuff in
here way too much force and stuff we
need some Gator stuff what I should come
in here with some Gator stuff that's a
dog also they can begin like Right Said
Fred I'm too sexy for my shirt
should I get a camo hat do you think
this will be good for me
is that good that's good doesn't this
hat like scream frantastic right here
think that's so frat that's so fret it's
gotta be like it's got like the ears
have to like I look like please Batman
okay can you spot the difference oh wait
he has no eyes that's actually kind of
funny wait has no no hi I was curious
do you guys sell the Girl Scout cookies
on the 15th of February oh okay so I saw
the billboards and I was getting excited
so I was just curious Monday all right
well thank you very much no no we were
looking for Girl Scout cookies and there
were nowhere to be seen but there's
billboards all over Tallahassee so I
just called the head of the Girl Scout
Council troop number Association I don't
know but the 15th of February sir Rasta
toots
check this out Brendon meter I'm sorry
if I'm saying it mirror shock from what
Juarez Mexico apparently the most
violent city in the world what is it
anyway so check it out I I will lay this
to rest now
BAM catsup does exist we're gonna try a
taste test between this and ketchup
right now all right
the left is the ketchup from Heinz and
the right is the catsup from hunts looks
about the same okay oh it's macro this
so they look the same
can you see any differences no no no do
you see any differences between the two
okay so here's the ketchup okay
tastes like it always asked and now
here's the catsup
tastes exact same thing try it okay
normal can taste the difference a sec
shit dislike shit I couldn't even taste
different okay it's not although I would
always go with Heinz ever hunch yes just
personal preference well now we have it
we can lay that the rest Laura just sent
you a giant diamond ring will you marry
me again
that's real diamond that's a real
diamond right there that's a real one
kind of a little bit bigger than yours
so yeah I kind of woman right here
sell this it's totally real it's a total
real diamond yes it is it's real though
mm-hmm you believe it yeah all right
this is from Aubrey from Italy all right
check this out Coco crave and they're
basically those little like chocolates
that you like but cereal form okay I'm
gonna no yummy they're really good Becky
from El Paso sent us a custom card a
Valentine's Day card since I was
boycotting it she sent you a custom
Valentine's Day
it's supposed to do your homework I play
Bioshock you're addicted to this game
she's addicted look it's like a legit
store now time to get to work so by
morning these shelves will be empty
ready to work
the battery's dying
I get you back good job Zoey you're part
of the plan ever
she kept going our neighbors and she
wouldn't leave them alone they're glad
to walk they upstairs that's pretty good
do they all go off they all went off
this time
that is awesome oh no that didn't I
found these the other day we were trying
to find the commenter for missing oh
yeah when we try to find the coffee
another one no yeah but I found them and
now that's a way to end the night he's
Charles Charles champion with Marley's
Tony and his fiancee alley you can watch
my channel we need a decision from the
internet television
