I'm gonna totally try to hurdle this all
right now if I crash and burn call the
ambulance okay Lord a coffee it's
awesome you got your exploring boots
those are really fuck it forget camo
we're going with pink flowers that will
keep the scary murderers away Marley
listened what's that Isaac what go test
out those rugged boots
Wow
watch a snake watch snake what's your
take Ali the snake will hit ever say
what all right these dogs are concerned
what's wrong
whoa
you never going slippery rocks that's
like a horse let's go on the edge of
slippery rocks goofball you're right
there oh the dog got you I like em Zoe
up to do we go left or right this is
like you know like at every movie where
it's like you're at a fork in the road
which way do we go this way is gonna be
like gloomy doom and this way has like
sunshine and lollipops are you going to
gloom and doom way oh great it's always
pulling me up the trail because I'm
tired I'm just kidding that false I'm
going to laugh so hard would you please
stop that do you think there's like like
lions and bears here well it's got to be
probably like Mel lion but like a
mountain lion or a panther there a
panther that's far as thinking ooh what
happens if we see a panther but they can
run faster Georgia clay baby my home I
swear Zoe you are such an asshole should
take it and make ourselves orange
warpaint we need like a hiking song do
you know you're hiking songs I think
that's a hiking stuff wait I'm getting a
phone call way out here in the
wilderness oh yeah climb Wow she tried
to climb that thing Marley get down here
you're gonna be mountain lion food
this is awesome he knows back here I
feel like this is like the beginning of
a bad horror movie two kids all right
where's that yeah I could totally do
that my sleep in your converse I'm here
I could totally do that these are
mountain serious I can do that it's easy
what's your daddy might watch and make a
fool of himself so he can see what I can
do it so he has four legs and they're
very very good traction Zoe you're like
Oh Miley Miley know there's always like
wild mountain dog right now miley stop
those oh you're going a little too far
all right now come back to you did it
now slide back down fearless come here
I'm Zoe go to Daddy okay I'm getting
afraid now mm pearls Zoe trap in the
wilderness oh this is like possibly
where homeless families how am I getting
it out of here I don't think you can get
up that way it's like stir it up al you
can hurt yourself
whoo destroyed white sweaters ah ok
that's an earthworm getting killed by
another worm save them save them it's a
centipede is it what is that no idea I
saved you worm you're free spare
yourself go go good yeah Oh careful Zoe
she's getting all daring over here you
can go up but you must not go down I
don't think you can go up it's like
straight up what's the port like what's
the point of these things it's like
straight up too slippery whoo look at
you now see you do that beautiful
posture but yeah here rehan give me you
and get here Hannah get in the chopper
need your help wait where are we how do
we get back it's all black not yellow
okay we're really lost that's all right
right oh no that's your other right here
the correct Ally's gonna get us lost
Marley what do you see it was a squirrel
what should I rabbit could have been a
lion time to bust out the GPS just to
know where we're going so which way do
we go what was that what's happen
there's no sign out yesterday that in
every horror movie or whatever something
bad happens there's always a random crow
in the background we just heard it Ali's
on the spider Patrol butter Patrol if
you want to see if you want to see me
scream like a little girl you will show
me a spider and I will run with my arms
flailing in the air what oh that's
creepy Suns going down great are you
guys scared are you scared for a lot oh
well I guess the good news is that if
you're watching this video we uploaded
the video so we survived or maybe where
you found the footage so we found the
footage and uploaded it to our channel
because our passwords on it if we die
our password is ABC 2 j65 for please
upload this and get the message out this
it's a password Marley that is awesome
you just jumped right up there do it
again Marley like nope one trick for a
night phone call look maybe get it like
rescued hello
yeah we made it alive whew we made it we
made it who actually remembers when Net
Zero is actually free and actually do
you guys remember when kmart had their
own free internet it was called like
blue light Ali do you remember when
kmart had their only free internet it
was like dial-up internet you don't
remember that it was like basically add
that had ads all over but it was a free
dial-up internet this was back in the
AOL four-point-oh days okay these are
one of those moments where you you
realize you're getting older when you
get excited when you go down this aisle
the vacuum I oh yeah this is one of
those times where I'm not excited for
like toys anymore i'm like 'oh vacuum
this one has two times the power it must
be good come on to some of you that are
agreeing with me right now there you're
just shaking your head you're like yep
yep Charles right Charles right holy
crap when did Bioshock come out you
immediately go for it you're addicted to
this game you even played it his bio
shoplet like actually good actor I
should ask his Bioshock better to get on
playstation or xbox I didn't know came
out i don't know if i should get that i
won't ever do any blog so just be
playing video games okay i'm breaking
down i'm gonna go back and get it so i
totally broke down and bought it ah
better be good though what do you think
Bioshock 2 is a good and so far huh
remember what Alli was addicted to this
in Vegas would have to hide it from her
remember what Alli was addicted to this
in Vegas would have to hide it from her
don't tell Ali when you put your hat
backwards it's like magic
those your favorite flowers that's
pretty good see if we can turn it no the
other way play it haha you have to I'm
waiting it will play with you speak
Julie will you know so far what's wrong
but ever I can't do it good job oh it's
a tie-in I don't think it's hard you
just did it it's not dead can I can play
song watch this watch the sun turning
Japanese I think of turning Japanese
everything so family taystee D you know
that sounds really about what every son
is really about oh yeah bioshock 2 time
I can never get these things off though
hello little girl he this is gonna be
awesome Oh making fun of me thinking I
can't do it you can't let me smile Ali's
making fun of me so bad of how I play
video here terrible the game I that I'm
awesome you are terrible oh no it's
really funny about the situation when
you kill someone in one hit how's this
game most girlfriends or fianc√©'s don't
um a side side drive or whatever you
want to call it side seats driving look
at this is what she's literally she's
sitting here not doing her homework and
telling me how to play the big cookie
heels okay no no Oh magic he does
electro bolt he stuns then and then he
runs away you have to shoot them and
tell you that oh wait you gonna die if
you do let him keep your shoe to you and
he's shooting at their torsos I'm like a
mob just this much I don't want to
explode all you kill that y'all dirty
you're a freakin biosuit oh man shot oh
man shot she almost killed me when I
kicked her ass and mario kart yeah he's
Charles Charles Trippy with my loser me
and his fiance Ali you can watch me on
the shuttle ready a decision for the
internet television
