I think she's growling at the early all
right buddy it's just 30 rock Shh er
what is wrong with that photo ok it's ok
that's I have never seen a dog respond
like that to a picture I'm gonna see if
I can find it again hold on ok I think
this was that's that was it right there
Oh Florida weather seriously confusing
the hell out of me one day it's like 30
degrees the Nexus 80 the Nexus 7 is the
nexus 20 I don't know whether to wear
beanie or fur coat or actually first
murder don't wear fur plus is fake fur
faux fur get your food yeah so I'm
trying to meet up and with Ali for lunch
and at tijuana flats that I don't know
where I'm going she's like saying all
these street names and I'm like I don't
know any of these three pickings did I
find it no though I found it oh I rule
Tijuana flop wanna wanna oh yeah I dare
you to try the hot sauce where's the
hottest one I do to try that
I want to try a little bit where's that
oh that must be good that's like cross
eyes
all right ok ok this is the endorphin
rush we're gonna try any tiny bit of it
right now a really little little that's
way too much I think oh my god burning
up yes sir oh my god oh my god I don't
think I want to do it now you're right
fire you're right now some cheese on it
oh my god
I go do it
oh my god you look at the pain is like
in pain you didn't weigh too much really
there we go taste anything
Wow if you use a tiny bit it's good
otherwise we were just like so to get a
D and ask for an incomplete so buy you a
beer I'm in a battle with Charles I win
I win very good oh no I'm being cute oh
fuck out ok now we're aware we're aware
that you can talk holy cow or the plants
I was growing look at them today also
look at the position they're in because
i just turned then they were going
towards the sunlight and now i'm turning
in this way so maybe they'll go back the
other way let's get some more fish has a
little fishies
hello froggies
hello games donor Turtles hello froggy
hello fishy hello people my eyes big I
can see you I can see everyone pretty
creepy right Oh can't hear me can you
call her back what okay call her back
you've enjoyed the music while your
party is reached
hello hey oh we cannot hear you like it
you why can't you hear me what is going
on what are you doing fuck can he can he
not hear me what are you doing I'm at
the park what are you doing at the park
no
I got some fish I don't know come
recording you I'm recording you yes I'm
recording your voice I don't know you
had the park okay I'll cut to your
footage now then all right go to watch
Ali's footage I'm friend Zoe sniffing
some butts I'm gonna get to I'm gonna
get too much why did you run I think
Marley really is the reigning champion
of the dog park she's like super
defensive hey excuse me is that what
you're supposed to be right now that dog
just jumped up here we're a stoplight
and she's like shit I'm going and she
just took off up into the front seat
you're not supposed to be their fingers
in the air bag oh you guys you have a
new home play nice fish wait perfect
courting so I was trying to do a
thumbnail for yesterday's video and it's
recording I knew that fail ribbit ribbit
do something cool yep that's pretty
awesome oh wow he did something ain't
you gonna your own tough
what hit me the buckles pull pull pull
oh you're such a wimp go go go go he's
gonna win who's gonna win Margot just
keeps giving up I'm gonna eat your heart
boy wait no it's like it's like any
energy on soda mm like made a joke I
don't know if I want to eat this it
won't here try not working on Hey look
at what right back to its original
fucker that doesn't even look like we
tried to eat it she's like I really
would like that heart but you can't have
this this is candy who cannot digest
sugar I think you probably yeah pretty
much kind of is girls cavities cavities
stop we make holes in trees we made
holding achieve targeted no balls ok eat
it deal ok this is weird somebody sent
us a like a what are the scratch-off
think it's a real ones i'm one of those
fake ones right yeah it's a real one
it's like a chain as well it's not a
chain letter it's just for fun you send
a scratch-off thing you did what is it
like a chain letter tag on it so here
I'm going to scratch it off and see if I
15 thousand dollars alright doesn't seem
that way
and uh I got a shoe set of a bitch I
didn't win anything I would only want
more like a dollar you have a control as
you enjoy the show you have a control
issue cut the shipper get the shower
what awesome movie I'm Zoe I'm benching
I'm venting kazooie hej curly as I wait
for it to Molly 30 now she loves that
yeah she's like oh god please please
please here oh god please please be good
he's Charles Charles trippin with
myleeza me and his fiance alley you can
watch my channel we need a decision from
the internet
