what a Khloe get you friends in my life
where they do mean big like waxes don't
worry I'll make sure she does it don't
worry is our friend Brett we probably
met about a million times now right
actually once last year I played okay my
mom's yeah exactly so we're meeting
people all over again
this is will Renee and Renee go say hi
to her look closer as well in front of
heard one there we go if you want to
show me your trick do the gross one show
me the good one in there we go there you
go see Ali can't even do that
no she's not talented like you Haley
Billie and Haley I'm just getting it's
Ollie Bailey
always want to make fun of all of us all
the time with this so if you see any
funny gifts that we retweet it's because
she makes them and it's so funny yeah
chubby Gina she throws it right back at
it
she doesn't Dani shoe yeah keep doing it
- Dani - yeah he's got yeah exact ani
sorry stuffy we've never seen so much
pepper in my life it's just um now had
to like Photoshop so get actually ideas
together hey Meg time third time there's
these things that are like really it's
like kind of like equivalent to like our
generations pogs I would kind of
equivalent to its these digit spinner
things and today I'm going to take it
around playlist and let a bunch of
adults play with this thing and see if
they can figure it out so we can do the
simple balance so when you mess up I
want to be and then I can go like this
and put it up here and then
goes forever okay I'm pretty good at
this thing I'm a fidget master like your
transfer what I'm going to do now is
take it around playlist and see if
anyone else can do anything on it so the
first one is going to be ally to try to
figure this thing out was that a trick
oh honey you're gonna ruin again that's
it worth it
yes I'm not rexella no are you joking
with it no no I'm just gonna brag oh can
you get out of temper your fingers
that's what I'm trying okay you can't
just at a paired edge just the tips okay
I can't get help to this one every way I
just break it everything Wow Jarrod was
a freaking curve ball on that one there
are tricks but I don't really know again
I just wanted out in this very arena I
did breakable now I don't think things
are gonna get me I basically try and
adults try these kid toys just of all
right yes I got one I got one yeah one
else there we go
Oh take a bow I like that yeah oh nice
nice pose real quick on a deep so yeah
exactly that's c4 bearings on the
outside yeah well what's on the inside
I don't know so that all you do right
yeah you got to do this you do can you
do any trick other tricks there's tricks
how the trick just do right yeah
everyone knows how to do tricks and
those how to use it
no trick catching any tricks that's the
trick no child
do I show me so how you John good there
you go you couldn't even do that that's
gonna be you soon undertow do you think
happened on that go so well there we go
you ever light up on kids like do this
in the doll project so Wow see yeah you
did your middle finger in the middle
fingers there you go what does the kids
have like little tiny fingers so it's
hard to do it she's not even trying how
you try these open you tell me what it
does
nope
there we go I need more adult another
adult maybe right the gas station this
is a gas station one yes look at that
means got leopard print on it the $3 I
think was 10 bucks but I was $10 right
you're such an adult thing to say like
this 10 bucks
damn I'm going to give you this toy and
you're going to have to tell me what to
do with it okay
it's oh my god yeah okay so what do we
do this my dad showed me one of them
really yeah my dad gave me one in
Utrecht yeah do you know how to film it
over here oh and the transfer there we
go yeah I put it on my toe one yeah you
know
ah with his name or her name
it's a Willie Mike Willie bite yeah does
he bite
yeah there's my wife over there let's go
just put it by her head baby check it
out man here look it it's really tight
no sir really no that's a real
that's real vitriol what they're doing
here she's hanging up I'm an animal guy
on time you food I smile everybody
always seen these look you gotta play
with ya spin it around
can you do any tricks with it he'll know
I'm never happy I don't think I saw a
video you want to do the other day like
a little diamond yeah it's like bearing
like I think you just feel like like
that and then you try to do tricks with
it I guess
look I literally I did not bring
lividity do you have it do it all the
data anyway yeah that's the fun part
there we go look immediately really I
love it like kids are getting it so
quick very nice one wrote one really how
do you break it oh I'm stay there j√°nos
Antal here's a psychosis
have you confused I don't know go to
fidget how surprised your kids don't
have one
yeah four kids yeah I totally see why
because yeah it's my a TD yeah pretty so
you just turn around then while your
time completes like resolution yeah dude
wait can I have a go yeah that's what I
wanted like I don't know I don't know
how to do it how do you do tricks with
it I want one I do we do a mass M 11
yeah you know for Bob did I do I know
all right like I love like little things
I sit around yeah I think some people do
it and they're like goodbye they know
what that yeah exactly
I like you guys how to use this thing
how do I do it you feeling like they're
awesome
oh you could feel like a helicopter
right they using
you know Thank You camera steady yeah a
gyro like I know
oh yeah he's been in favor and you can
okay what's that called centripetal door
yeah there we go
sighing oh my goodness I feel like you
made it look cool now yeah in it we all
look terrible security and ease only
when I figure out yeah I'm not packing
this time he smells good yeah I'm good
buddy he's like yeah he's good good
well what do you think this is nothing
important
you did it with your vocal victory so
computer we go security without we
decided to actually hit up the pool
first time and ever playlist history
that was actually got to go to four and
there is a waterslide
i watch the router like come down with
the same co-produce evening I'm going
over here I got a golden ticket you get
a golden ticket the alley showing me
where to go let's go let's go
begin our VIP access the Universal
Studios also I've never been here this
is like the first time first I'm gonna
get butter beer and yes I'm gonna do
this is creepy actually how empty it is
right now
for a person who doesn't like roller
coaster yeah 1 1 to 10 scale Oh like a
today the whole time the whole time
Kristen's like I hate you guys we go
that way we can go that way we can go
anywhere to do all the things all the
things always yeah
I'm the one they get to have a little
drink
Ali's not drinking tonight be nervous
I'm a little nervous
your pop quiz got in the video game the
arcade game who's the best character
view and you say homework or bark you
are wrong it's actually much sir that
you had the expending thing like that
it's not the everybody had it I think
another thing is Drive
love each other Harvick got it naturally
we come to senses world I got to take my
old school friends live each day if you
guys didn't know Cory had known forever
his new friends you do but you know he's
learning the ropes yeah go check him out
we're owning them the bass krustyburger
thing right now I don't know I took a
universal just to come here Charles has
been talking to play something like
crazy but it is awesome you're gonna
love it you're gonna love it I keep
saying like you're gonna eat one and
you're burping up later and you're gonna
be the boys at the bar just fear right
now as you guys know char never drinks
she's never had a deaf beer worship I
feel like is against everything that we
believe
oh she's Cory's on my first up but I
hadn't been able to drink pretty much
the entire time in video there we go
I was drunk I don't know what happened
fortunately nothing but it would be
awesome as it did careful he's a secret
agent they might be a little skewed
glasses yeah your Harry Potter glasses
I forgot how cool this one is you're a
wizard sorrow I am hey buddy
oh you can be dead so let them go maybe
get on a flag will you let go solid rock
football it might be I'm insured
I have a job here in me right now so I'm
feeling good bad news every funny Alex
for you
you're sick go check them out guys what
honestly Cory I've known for so freakin
log the ratio I'll say hi to them it was
beautiful baby daughter the Bible is
abundant yes that's a classic one right
there as a whole school boy check it out
before you go to bed not before you go
to bed check it out my father is too
much there we go
I will see you guys tomorrow
you
