my god it's like literally 4:00 in the
morning
I don't curse not gonna do it now but
the wind is so loud this break was
really nearly all right
and some taxes is a real death
absolutely
this is way louder than you probably
think it is and times down and then
you're like oh I can go to sleep and
just as you fall asleep it goes and does
so soon it again
okay Africa back to bed and I don't wake
up and show you as this is so ridiculous
if when it was insane sounds like asking
out a twister but nobody doesn't think
looks like a castle and the ball to ball
a blue ball uh-uh
good morning James
good morning rise and shine its playlist
time you look really really good like
your hair's on point
your eyes are on point I couldn't sleep
because of whistling actually yeah I
know I told you guys that earlier it's
good working up the old time could have
been nice knowing I was a locksmith was
it your nose
get your butt up boom boom boom boom
boom right yeah I couldn't find Buckley
and then all of a sudden he's like all
over here he's all tatted up now look at
that you can't find me and I got that
six pretty cuz of me there there got the
stroke around an hour and then I got
some stars and I got an anchor colored
in and a map of Cape Cod into nautical
star so I mean I'm going to be Charlie
you're having a full sleeve if there's
any hobby that's please please grab to
sleep I was like to say I would be very
behind me that's not a gay joke family
from the content don't we go there about
age-restricted
right all right I don't even know come
on YouTube give me off of that way I
just wanted to show you booklets and I
always please Nick you can have a neck
tat as well my god I'm surprised you
don't have any tattoos yet
right how did you do is you're the king
of v-neck that's true it's crazy yeah hi
that was the tail up early
I want a hug you're so pretty I thought
okay the entrance to madness right Cory
yes sir what we keep losing you everyone
keeps finding Ali so tall we found a
human snapchat Tim great and it's Andrew
you wanted to be and there you go by the
way this guy right here shot a ball over
here one of those like through it like
shots and it literally went in the first
shot I've ever seen butter butts so cool
Oh market largest jacket my face evening
and feelin how's it going buddy turning
just walked around platelets just for a
little bit cuz they didn't have anything
scheduled today but we have a huge catch
Oakland which are likes to call himself
and I have to agree oh geez yeah we're
diverse mostly whole school and they
were talking about all the different
things that they used to do back in the
day one of them who remembers break out
the epic videos of prank down if not
I'll try to make a play out but just
look for breakouts you hear that see
probably some of the funniest videos it
has Jesse and add this
bunch of youtubers just give you a
little idea we had a goat a minibike and
somebody threw fell through the ceiling
you could go online which was brand paid
to shoot them with paintballs
like literally a paintball gun at any
time during the night he said that
there's times a night where they would
hear people going out like consistently
I can't imagine my galaxy's pyro cool
things I just way I think should we
bring that one back to him patrol back
in a Frank out you guys to see you guys
at playlist today it would still need to
meet all you guys we have some really
fun conversations with a lot of people
we're going to go back walk around a
little bit more so we're gonna be more
of you and then tomorrow is our Meetup
and we're super excited oh that's not
ball right there
we're yeah I didn't even notice that
oh I can't see are you blinded by the
light hi jack is it ah okay so Charlton
I don't think you're making fun of me
but recently I just kind of had this
weird itch I'm being that girl like you
know the girls and I feel like people do
this because I did too but I mean I
guess we haven't you want to get married
start looking at wedding dresses and you
got a reason why I'm saying this is I'm
looking at baby names like I want a cool
baby name nothing like super crazy like
you know west palm tree you know nothing
like that if we got if our last name was
where I like what palm tree west west
palm palm tree that would actually
detect in the liquor I like what so but
understand like if you hate your native
made it funny it have been West West
West I feel like we have more girl names
than we can done I think it's good that
I am kind of drawn to wanting to do that
though I'm scared like I'm scared to
have kids but I'm like really drawn to
the idea of having a child like buying
scared I'm not gonna lie on that person
painting since a feeling most people
think I'm so silly but I don't know I am
nervous I am very very nervous
but I'm also so incredibly excited about
a future child a little little tribute
summon praise my god give me a letter
we're going to go over some baby names
what do you guys think oh okay so
actually like this I am going to say
that there's one whole name that I'm
kind of surprised like not surprised but
Oprah I couldn't think of naming my baby
Oprah have you ever heard of another
Oprah no you can't do it yeah there's no
way you can do another over so there's
opal own Olivia opal is kind of cool
this cool
Olga will feel ya onna olives and Oakley
I used to love olives all of this kind
of cool
thanks for liveolive's to learn while
Abdallah cuz you are gold
I do like olives they're not gonna make
my child I grew food I like I got a
black hole right but you know what all
of Turkey means I love tripping kind of
luck yeah it's cool another letter what
do you guys think another one or another
letter you are
but then it sounds like I feel yeah yeah
no I have the weirdest mind I don't know
if you guys do this when I try to think
of baby names I try to think of the
cruelest people in school and what they
could possibly make fun of like for
example elementary school people like
all trippy do you trip a lot which
obviously it's pretty easy to make fun
of and then middle school it was like Oh
trippy you trip a lot in high school
that last name became freakin cool like
Oh trippy man oh you call me Alan Alan
I'm Way off now I know okay so are you
said Rachel ringing rain Reagan that's
cool Rachel Rebecca
meta Rory rad huh I liked Rory
I always liked Rory but it'd be like
Rory trip Rihanna Rebecca Rosa Raylan
are you I am really late then one down I
like Raylan
River really Remmy I'm a crummy
roommates cool I really like remaining I
love her
I hate when it rains too much though
Rosa rogue Ramada we met up with Shelley
and last night I don't know if we
actually filmed him but great friends
dad so yes great friends that is a
cartoonist and I'm going to show you
what he drew us and I'm going to also
ask you guys if you have any idea as to
exactly what this cartoon is Shelley got
this for Charles which is very cool
because it's national comic book day she
got him this really awesome
Simpsons comic book but please tell me
guys if you this rings a bell do you
recognize this Connick Kelly already
destroyed her he's the heart burn right
now
my salads like crazy of filming a friend
of my carelessness so they was holding
on my phone just add in one friend right
there you got a third one now two nights
in a row
66 degrees right now in Florida so that
was one of the cool you want the drone
this is scary those we shot down
literally totally worth it
hey tree you're annoying oh we lightened
yourself
your turn neck buddy how do you like it
oh it's the leather jacket make sure to
check his package he's always tired yeah
it's very small very awkward huh hey
Jared going right there I filled out on
that buddy
I was gonna do it to that guy but he was
looking at
you got a new one I'm gonna go wherever
something to get me kicked out I want to
tour do so I don't know what I can go to
after all get while you're something
else about the boring day hi honey
don't forget always stop left her phone
in the underneath to see and she thought
she had in the backpack but she normally
does we left the party out of the camera
where is it so by my homework ally
suspect work super to this week
boomerang brewing in theory once again
tomorrow is the meet up so let's see a
lot of you guys how my mom is anything
but before we go I just want to do this
again with your chopping Co annoying Oh
last night what a different situation
I want to do something a little
different tonight I'm going to play out
the fireworks I flew the drone through
the fireworks so we're going to do nice
little peaceful exit of the video so
enjoy the beautiful fireworks know you
flew your drone sort of a firework
through the fireworks are you flew your
drone through D fireworks a peaceful
bubble the launch for them though
they're late enjoy he's drone three Oh
fireworks people how many night you guys
the mom
you
