look at all those people singing very to
the playlist I might have made it and so
it begins
playlist live 2017 Orlando now the fun
part as always it's trying to check in
to find our room right though Ali
brought the couch so we're good good
okay a new one here you got this with
this thinking 2-mile shirt oh good old
Florida the fun thing about this and
says like VidCon which is cool as well
is that we don't have to get on a plane
travel across the country we can just
come here everything to go to Disney we
do another waterpark we could do any of
those things or we can hang out
playlists we get all those things we
just caught up with a couple of our
friends John terabrite Jessie and James
as well as Ellie and Jared though which
is kind of nice we're gonna try to find
everyone else as well as we got these as
gifts so we might be doing some
challenges when we get home which will
be fun
have you shown them our beautiful view
can't complain I definitely want to try
and take advantage of their pool at some
point this weekend we missed every
single time that we come I keep killing
Charles but I want to go to look cool
why does something funny about this
carabiner
we got found it in a toilet no I got
this in 2003 when
College orientation sorry I found a hair
of mine on your ears this was once right
you can kind of see it was bright blue
at one point but it's gone through
somebody so I can't see it so sorry
they're gone through so many tours this
is literally 2003 working here there oh
my year old what this is 14 years old
and still work nice but for going to
that political point yep let's do it it
looks so determine we like putting on
your sunblock now let's go get our
parking pass or glasses on badass I
think we have you lost what key we have
remote access by the way what I never
know what he's talking about
naturally yelling for but it's out there
yes somebody need to know you don't
think I'm going to do I think I'm gonna
go downstairs Sansa bottomer make
Charles walk out on the legend I'm gonna
go put my hair up and bingo like I feel
like I can look I'm an asshole it's
actually simple when you guys do that
it's such a cool cool thing but I feel
like I could blend in it this is where
my hair details like totally blend I
don't like anyone burgers down there
details my trouble points don't matter
point but I feel like the last week as
though it was in belt yeah
when we get Ghirardelli exact right now
and they've never done the your land I
was going to say the London eyes pretty
much the same thing the Orlando Eye and
they mentioned they were going to go and
since we've never gone to it they're
like there would actually be kind of
cool we figured you know this would be a
good opportunity to take you dance and
you mirror exactly thanks for showing us
Florida appreciate that it was pretty
cool this is all of our you see our
house from here
think we found it
do you guys remember when we did this
abundance can Ally pick that up all your
personality want to pick up an elephant
femur they don't buy anymore
yeah yeah and then we also have a good
stuff that heavier what does that skull
a miracle that's a bear skull and then
this is a manga flying machine what is
this the alligator yeah it's called like
an osteon therm so it's pretty much like
the back of an alligator especially will
use drugs what's up what's going on hey
Larry this is Larry he works over here
at skeletons that wood it's all free
here gelatin you all ready I'll go
everyone go like this yeah yeah we've
also met before
at this small world everything he just
kind of rolls up with a bunch of
skeletons yeah I was doing in school
like sometimes Walter come what's the
biggest thing in it we have to be on
Paradise or elephant now I'm going to be
exploring every animal you see no 230
alive okay so the biggest thing we have
an elephant from I think feels like a
Texas Zoo
popular man this is the skeleton of a
tiger
wow I like it see it's got like rank or
key ally if you want to fix me
we just go in front of the green we'll
make it look like his day she could be
the captain cap
they're totally in space right now yeah
all right run in those first floating
Spade great we're bowling here killer
random they just built it for the UH the
London Eye I keep all into London I do
Orlando Eye all right like a giant a
record day sorry but
that's the old town right there pretty
cool
we're just jealous they have cooler than
their Oh
give it got it
silly people not throwing things away
can you imagine it like a first date
going on they're kind of like dating in
this pack of go around but how awkward
would it be to split off good well
suddenly 20 minutes well but you have to
stay there in silence volatile I mean
like point is there's a sound yeah it
always takes people that are not from
the area to take you to go to some
places that you never go to that was fun
I like that it's C go to Mile may fit
for those who can't speak Spanish just
kidding
so we're going people who don't even
understand that you know a little
Spanish or even know what to get Amaya's
I'm one I have no idea with Y Cinco
DeMayo is a celebratory day does anyone
please let me know in the comments I'll
learn the next day or I can google it
later but I'd rather just read it from
you guys we're going to meet up with
Shelly and a couple of our friends and
then we're gonna head back to playlist
Ellie and Jared I'm meeting up with some
people over at high drive 360 or
whatever that place was that we were and
they were just can all meet up later of
course going to a taco place for mixing
restaurant on Cinco DeMayo as far the
dumbest thing we possibly could do okay
I don't care now we've got our single
mile shirt on I guess that's what that
is I got mine who is Will Smith my best
friend in Oh first miss Valeri
DJ Jazzy Jeff yeah look at all those
Dockers
all those talking jelly steal one cat
what everyone
Tony Danza
a taco place on the bio making we'd be
on the privately operated in this plane
sharing one thing Samantha to a little
punk rocker the affection kind of money
it's like crazy like thanks doctor
hanging the pubes and everything knowing
that's research important knowledge we
haven't see Chris in a while this is how
he stands our first interaction
I like how I open the door and a dude
decide like hello loser and then we can
say have those steaks to Segway tours
but I figured out how on a remote to
turn off the turtle known
Oh
give
and
oh my gosh
well that rounds up day one and playlist
live because you can tell I've already
lose my voice so that is what Ally's
think that was up chomping right here
she's delirious okay oh you're wrong up
there so good okay anyway don't forget
to subscribe just a more playlist action
I want to know I'm just so annoyed
alright guys have a good night bye we
love you
