good morning Internet let me get a
haircut
actually I forgot to show you guys this
the other day so we're going through
that carwash thing alright here let me
just show you this and one of the guys I
guess tried to move our mirror it
literally fell completely off like
dangling I've been for past two days
trying to get a hold of the stupid
manager to try to improve the
replacement because they need to
obviously replace this and right now we
went to Orlando we have to go back to
Orlando smiles playlist and by the way
if you guys aren't going to playlist
live I'm sorry but we will see you
probably on the next tour if you are go
to playlist live I will tell you later
today what we're doing and I think our
meet and greet is on Sunday at 10:00
a.m. I think I have a panel at like 1:00
p.m. but I will let you know all the
schedule later in this video but I just
wanted to show you guys that can i
completely forgot to show you it's
beautiful it was really funny because
there's dangling and they're like oh we
can't do anything about it right now so
as I looked at him like deadpan I was
like well my children just drive around
with this dangling he goes yeah I'm like
well go get tape Braniac right I've been
trying to be as patient as possible but
this is kind of something that just
frustrates me when people are just what
you know what I mean it's like when
people make you run around in circles
just do something I just find that very
irresponsible very frustrating and I'm
pretty calm guy I think a lot of you
guys already know that about me I'm
pretty common pretty reasonable so I'm
trying to get that taken care of
I just called him out twice and the
owner has kind of been giving me the
runaround credibly frustrating in the
meantime I got to go with my haircut
because I got a little spiffy soak it in
guys my hair now shouldn't be too much
of a difference but right now this is B
waking up and realizing I was almost
misted racing over there while he tries
to get the vlog out before ever again I
just realized I know the inherent risks
of car washes but the problem is this
was done by a human this is human error
the guy yanked it out so it wasn't the
actual car wash because I know if I
didn't say that I probably would have
when you guys up that's your right
it's crazy look at which my hair just
kind of like got came down feel so much
that I hate you know the worst part is
when my hair gets long here like I feel
like once it gets long here it just
looks like very very like like
disheveled like I look like I've been
non I look like I've been on tour for
like 7 months without a shower that's
really reminds me of now I want a
mission to get Ally some coffee gonna be
nice and being nice husband has new
dorky glasses they're like hot hot nerdy
glasses okay now when you do that that
face though
anyway it like it's me sexy bit I don't
have to thank me music today
our executive Tyler hands relax
thankfully even close to educate I don't
know anything
just do the whole I think it's gonna
take UK like that is a map with a sexy
creepy-looking will do it
I don't know what a sexy faces I think
it's like some like that
it's gonna be like this
I don't know your minis Yoanna is
exactly the best in the oil right now
bag of immaculate blue steel I don't
really live it it's obtained exactly as
mag remember tomorrow is playlist live
and we are very excited about going to
that and it's holy crap dude Cinco
DeMayo
may the force be with you hey it's me
the first two yeah which is the most
clever thing and I actually love that um
I still in that person that loves the
whole one with Justin Timberlake or like
Roy is not a I love al nope that's
probably one of my favorite things ever
to a yellow truck up there been Charles
and I have this thing going on in a text
war and it's called yellow car and every
time with a yellow car we send a picture
of the other cars got to be a yellow
residential tire kaypea work people do
you guys can play that's a punch buggy
game we are Bandai lucky made it up play
with yellow cards so they're a lot more
infrequent because they're pretty darn
frequent in Florida you will start
seeing them every time it's like once
you get a car you're like oh I see my
car everywhere I think that same thing
yeah
so Charles Jaffe
I feel like there needs to be like a
giant spot of blackness before this clip
we just went on a wild goose chase we
stopped to grab like a little snack I
thought I think the camera back up but I
didn't so I realized that after like
five minutes I didn't have the camera
we're freaking out I called all the
places that we went to and I was like I
swear the last place that I left the
camera without that bright side that we
were that little place the floor up food
court place that we stopped at cold when
there looked everywhere I mean we're
running all over the mall like back to
the security place and when there twice
finally the second time as I'm like
describing the camera to them a girl
walks out of the bathroom and she hears
from say yeah I'm looking for a camera
please it's so important it's got a
little fuzzy thing on top it goes by
feeding so this is very weird but is
that it apparent you play socks and
displays on the walls
sorry it's burning really really bad boy
stuff you just like a solid extra piece
yes okay at least like Schneider 10 see
you say camera is on top of the leg
which is a little flat part popped out
and just like a baton up there and I
think you've got to be kidding me that's
a thank you so much and do this short
little thingie if you can see the gas is
clear down with the heaviest I'm
something you're taking our camera and
putting it up there there's some weird
reason someone stole our camera put it
on a Ledge opened up a flash no footage
is deleted I thought honestly somebody
may have filmed something like this
basic Wi-Fi camera whoa hahaha
but this is another perfect example of
the be right back nobody ends up
stealing our camera we just end up like
this staying very positives on
everything and we end up finding it I
was gonna kill my complete nutter
I even a little forgetful lately I don't
know what say that I'm really sorry
mother
okay sigh oh my gosh my heart my heart
really like
how many must have taken our camera
because we didn't put it up there no I
didn't do that unless I gave them some
type of Twilight Zone and I don't
remember I might be in today I'll be
just feeling unfortunately but
thankfully it was found but I'm so
thankful for that girl no finding it
because I would have never found it I
would have never found it no there's no
way that we feel like you want to like
somebody maybe taking it put it up there
Cecily reclaims it I've seen people like
that take things well I guess stores
where they're trying on like something
that they can't afford at a time where
they want to buy it at the time they'll
hide it amongst other things
so maybe that was the same mentality
well that's pretty crazy because I don't
think I've ever had some ways to go
something like that
yes it's going to be raining on Cinco de
Mayo we just got our car wash and broken
one more thing that's going to happen
no that was bad as hair long again they
got me real good and the rain has
cleared up everyone over for you
for your Florida weather let's play a
game called find the Marley oh she
cheated you cheated in the meantime if
you see any Marley hair on my shirt when
we say hi it's probably because of this
it might be what it is as you can see
Marley is wrapping herself up and all
the clean clothes as I'm trying to pack
tomorrow is playlist live and I told you
I would tell you guys or information so
Sunday this Sunday May 7th we have been
meet up at 10:00 a.m. and I guess this
is number 25 so I'm assuming room clean
that does make sense it's at 10:00 a.m.
so 10 a.m. on Sundays or meet up 10 to 1
and they say go early to make sure
there's no cutoff and then at 1:40 Ali
and I are on the blogging panel doesn't
say a room is a social community panel
at 1:40 so basically both of our so
basically so bases that fact lack so
basically they try to make everything on
one day for us so Sunday at 10 a.m. is
the Meetup and at 1:40 is the panel so
mark that down into calendars so a
reminder or whatever now our will be
walking around so I'm sure we'll see you
guys but
what why I'm not I promise what it's all
about
I'll just still mustache mustache it's a
boom on too
I'm just doing about that how about an
inverted beard I do an inverted mustache
no sister souljah
all right we're making it official by
official I mean Facebook official Ally
exchanging her name there we go Ali
don't discuss tentative dr. Simonton
top of profile changes so I can't
believe it this is all from like I don't
even know when I first joined I know
what all these weird things are there we
go well it's official it's now official
so Charles looks really handsome and
then I look like the desperate girl is
like we don't like you like I said I
know Pfeiffer I thought I look like
Michelle Pfeiffer befores returned in
the Catwoman if you yeah actually I
could see it out so it's compliment to
myself I'm trying to go Thalia nothing
crazy woman I'm trying to get Ali to
look really cool for playlist live so
she's let me do her hair I kind of look
like that mad scientist you off of um
Robot Chicken so nice kinda does it kind
of goes right up there we go this will
be at the meet and greet guys so has
that reacted me angry okay that's enough
we'll see you guys tomorrow
and at playlist bye guys hi
