hello guys good morning or afternoon or
evening I swear I never know what you
guys watch the videos humans make
situation good hello design amazing like
anything English epic but not too
okay what Hey are we going do I got it
lastly she's not wearing a right now so
now we're here her new dorky glasses
money
a two-block hey the black dude how your
water beautiful ugh I got our ad DS get
in we are going right now to SeaWorld
Aquatica I think it's like the quoted
one of the best water bars in Florida we
were going to go do the Disney one that
we finish everything in the rain I got
the GoPro already I'm gonna try I don't
really know I didn't think I can bring
that giant go Pole until I was there to
do this and spray hit the shot now we
gotta get to our drive let's do this
I was actually perfect for the beat my
last pair I dropped it she did the bait
stuff he remember the last time I was on
a water slide other than look for Jane I
just is the same shot without realizing
it
very fun it's so funny because we go to
Disney and westerns all the time but we
never got a waterpark yodel classic wave
pool this place is kind of a resort
inside of an island kind of improve as a
person searching he kind of understands
over here with Danny and Valentina I was
telling Charles the other day that I
wanted to go to adventure Island and
this is probably over topside I would
have to say it over top 1/3 why do you
think I have here my right hand open one
more left
that's really weird that's a great
question Internet why do you think that
is I think we can go to the restroom
that sounds so much fun this is the most
interesting waterslide they go through
here and they're dolphinview the feet
they look like these are ones we saw in
Alaska one where the other one he did
this here oh there there so be careful I
got those GoPro I think I only got one
though so hopefully we don't kill it
like we did up just ready we're going to
go try the dolphin one first you know to
start strong wicked up on stuff
grandpa knows except the nose
that was actually kind of cool where
Danny did we lose them should we be
concerned there he is
they go to classes let's hope they're
waterproof already switched them sneaky
so you know I mean that second but I've
been number the nothing as long as I
remember it right guys everyone in or
she's pretty cool so Kelly to get to
this ride you have to go through the
water which is actually kind of
interesting kind of a kind of a cool fun
right and then what you got to do is go
somehow grab one of these guys otherwise
you're not going down the road so it's
kind of like fishing
ready can't lose you want yellow blue
leather you can them your tandem Oh kind
of fun good a fine job over there bed a
fine job
well you don't see any berries looking
for a solo one her off gray yeah
I'll go backward where is it why can't
we just float in that's ways this works
with regard why did they get to come out
where they come out
go ahead with it now you probably are
one everyone regardless is the big
anything so go again alright we go find
on Tina by the way we get the white
whale
go to play yes because you're being in
the water I'm teeing and we want to get
out now you have way more Chris rating
reaches top so good thanks Dom Tina Tina
got me so hooked like we do stuff only
thing she's been craving is peanut
butter right only thing lifestyle
choices well I guess right now I don't
even know I'm gonna cry oh yes I
remember that yes there's nothing like
an apple like mom would always eat green
all is an ice cream do I sound drugged
graduated yeah she's like the salty
sweetness of it or whatever really was
good to her I would wake up like 8:00 in
the morning like at 111 school like an
apple we're trying to figure out is
Danny it's going to be char or char is
going to be standing char happen his way
feel cheap and go before you supposed to
know Danny well they might do it
actually that's true you're right they
might pull it Travis alright got my raft
I think Alan's gonna hang back with
Ellen penis obviously she can't go and
ever divide I mean obvious reasons so
Danny and I are going to have a lower
rate on this because we're like
discussing like we have that attain to
one and the guys like no you have to go
both at the same time another same one I
just look again it's like well if you
want to be in my card will have to be in
their crotch it's got very awkward so
I'm glad we can go by herself
Valentin and I are down here trying to
figure out who the winner will be
ah daddy one jar comin in flow coming in
strong
you're very very blue I got stuck at the
top
if you're like away and a problem with
that one i was a-sayin walking through a
beach and out of breath because it's so
damn hot I'm telling Danny I feel like I
had an epiphany of how you really value
the desert got so much at the crow isn't
like that
the damn sand you're like walking you
guys through out the whole way taking
full advantage of just chilling out on
this day at Sona it's underneath the
palm tree this is the difference between
so nice she was amazed it's so nice the
difference between being a
twelve-year-old at a water park and
defense aren't even you do you're such a
bad babe
I'm a dad Valentina you're such a dad
mr. Mollison
they had this one palm leaf and I'm
hoping that does not move but every time
it moves in the wind I get burned it's
like you're prepping your software life
I know actually a little hold on more
water slide right now those are the ones
that look they're gone
yeah I wanting on the wave pool I've
been bending away full literally since
you have a Jewish T's on that - sounds
like there's whoever that looks like one
in same slide hang on I got to show you
guys something up to the right corner in
the left corner there's like a green -
looking thing and there's a blue tooth
looking thank you stand atop it then the
floor lift out and then those are the
two long sides and it just kind of lets
you out crazy over that song yeah better
days like I've seen better days that
gunman that day what set of references
it I don't know the bottom drops down oh
wow kind of like we have this whole
place just to herself except for a few
people there's a few people yeah a
person yeah yeah yeah but we just I
could just take a little bit of a break
because bounce
Tina unfortunately in pregnant can't go
on any of the water slides just old too
rough for her so we went in the lazy
river or what it's kind of like
adventure island plays the river we
deliver is that we call
oh whatever please really whatever chair
says and then I want to go in this tidal
pool because we're not been in that yet
and I have not been back to the
adventure island in the tidal pool and a
very very long time and they have two
years which I think it was kind of
foolish to do that and we're going to go
and use the badly or that roll down I
don't think I'm going to do the blue I
don't know
whoopee it depends on how adventurous
I'm going to be I don't want my tops
come on I have a weird feeling that
would happen later on that one you go
all the way to the wall complaining
about there's the one I was talking
about
now they said so I can't tell who the
bigger bitch it's a little cold you're
dragging me down then there's a piece
well Anna makes it amazing let me just
cut to the photo we just took this is
all volunteer and a camera
that's my wife this is one of those ones
were just literally the bottom drop down
we go bang and all the girls are going
are you going out here we go we got
you want to not like green anymore we're
still going on Thank You forever it's a
good thing and bad thing about water
parks is that they're not a v-line
three
Wow
we just got off the giant riding just
off and is that this is Lilly right
she worked here 12 so which one's three
go on that we're down the back those of
everyone on the bike
ooh the Cholula typhoon that one there's
AG arrived your last one
just because we're running out of time
the only thing that's stuck here is the
fact that everything closed about 5
o'clock so it's hard to get things done
to be started in the blue one I think
Wow
Oh
Oh
wal wallet assistance in distress
message
well that was a lot of fun hi Black has
a little bit of a wedgie we might end up
doing the world the world this weekend
hey Bill just make this is an entire
like theme park adventure by Otto gets
going to see this looks like I'm crying
right now there's so much chlorine in
that pool which I'm so thankful for but
at the same time after I look like
you're crying and driving like two hours
it's not that fun and then on top of
that for Allie these oars on top of the
dashboard so off the dashboard and
Eleanor the ECAP
just got home and I guess that poor Ali
got the computer it fell right on our
kneecaps so she's in the tub right now
trying to soak it we got some ice packs
one of those things we're just course
that have to happen done now I'm not
even even see because when I have so
much chlorine in them choose the keeps
going back over to this stuff I don't
know how you know that's there what you
do and you're smart
I'm feeling a little bit better I'm
really really tired
Ali's feeling a little bit better now
let me forget show them your knee no I
want to I can't really tell but it's
like earlier there's like a gash you can
kind of see it all right but the
computer nailed it right on top of them
yeah yeah you can tell thing right here
but basically the computer fell off the
dash and smacked her right across the
media when it wasn't like extended so I
walked in earlier looks like a shot on
this side of money and all gallon lovely
and on that note I will see you guys
tomorrow hope you enjoyed today's video
yesterday if you missed it we did a big
question and answer from a lot of you
guys and I hope we can do more of those
we talked about some things that have
been kind of on our mind for a while so
go check out yesterday's video obviously
there's a link in the description I will
see you guys tomorrow Zoe have a great
night bye guys
