industry you ready for it that's wrong
what 933 flz one of the biggest stations
one of the stations I grew up listening
to every morning going to school is
about to play sad song by we the kings
what's interesting about the radio is
that you're like charting for the first
time as they'll actually tell you which
is kind of nice otherwise except Radio
Disney it's actually been playing on
Radio Disney for a while which is funny
but this is mainstream radio 93 three is
one of the top three rated radio
stations in the world that world I think
933 is one of the top radio stations in
the country I'm interested you're
interested I'm very interested to see
this I hear this I'm very excited that's
what I'm trying to do
it's like girls are excited to look at
him jar look at him this girl
a lot of commercials on the radio
they're about the premier sad song on
the radio if you guys hear it Shazam the
hell out of it I want to move satsang I
thought that was it all the way to the
top of the Schad's the shad song Shazam
charts there we go sorry I'm nervous
myself in the window oh hey what's up
guys this is Travis Clark I'm at the
station my entire life and right now you
and I get to hear our new single this is
sad song on 93 three flz turn it up
remember she's damn it
bridge
oh thank god
hearts being dogged
it's no one
we are at what is this place called
Dunedin oh yes I want to try this I mean
it really has like a like a it's bad
it's like rice water you know like after
like rice cooks when you drain the water
don't smell that
what is this would you guys like to try
some dirty hippy water no I I don't like
beer you like cider cider that's
actually not really good I known it
would you like it nope I gave up the
whole drinking thing well these are like
grandma sips those are like the sips
that when your mom or dad like oh you
can have a sip you know a sip of beer or
something like that I'm gonna get drunk
interesting so you're great like that
you hot dog can I have a pickle it looks
like I think they look good I know but
not really
nope I don't like okay it's a pickle
no no no it's firered his dance move
beautiful I can't copy your did you know
did you feel that sprinkle no I like
your told good
no its hold you wanted the history of
this shirt okay so it's a Bitcoin no
it's okay
so back in the day when Bitcoin first
started there was a forum this is
something for you guys there was a forum
where it said the guy was saying I'm
just gonna hold my Bitcoin but he
misspelled hold so it became this just a
life lesson guys oh yeah he spelled it
wrong in the world somewhere floating
around like pirate money invisible
pirate money space monkey money I've
never actually been to done even so
we're gonna actually get some bikes and
go around the trail
you gotta get the classic horns these
ones don't make any sense easy it's like
somebody just took a dog to toy well it
makes sense though right halfway to
where we wanted to be and it started
pouring so we had that literally no joke
just make a way you gotta check this out
we are taking cover and a random brewery
and this one so here's the funny thing
is that we made it about a block No
maybe two blocks roughly and then I'm so
awesome and then we automatically turn
around maybe five feet and then have it
pull into it and now it's better
there are logos pretty awesome though
wanna see something cool I ride my bike
all the time with no handlebars
I'm gonna be honest I'm not a big fan of
the little toy
we're just on this trail in Dunedin this
is the bow this goes all the way to the
house the Pinellas Trail like it
literally it goes thousands and
thousands of miles actually you know
kind of scary thing is this used to be a
pretty sketchy trail but over the course
actually st. Pete himself was a sketchy
place and then I remember when I was in
high school I used to go to shows all
the time and all you would do is go in
and out that's it get in the show get
out of the show as quick as possible but
now it's one of my favorite cities
obviously because I live there going to
the water oh my god it's gonna water
what the hell are you talking about that
sucks
Melissa here on the new camera hello
so where are we oh we're in clearwater
now we are everywhere and no all at the
same time melissa was uh in front of me
and i was trying to fly the drone I
couldn't get it that like actively track
for some stupid reason you almost ran me
off the road or you did vote she almost
made me drop my phone crash yeah you
slowed down I'm doing it it's hurting my
eyeballs honey
do I want a piece of pizza don't want to
watch cheese and cheese this is the best
nice bike ride burning all those
calories all that exercise just out the
door it's the weekend you can eat well
guys I just got to command you thank you
so much for sticking through the video I
know it was all weird the colors were
weird the framerate was weird it's just
everything sound was weird so I'm just
trying to figure this out I think we're
on the right track as far as making
things a little bit different I kind of
liked the fact that I was doing a little
bit more montages between things
hopefully you guys like that kind of
stuff because it's always been something
I've always wanted to do and I could do
it on the g7x but it always looked very
blah and I feel like this is going to me
once I learned a little bit more is
going to be a lot better as far as
achieving what I want to achieve and
getting a little bit more creative but
like I said today was just my test I'm
still trying to figure it out and
probably next few days Oh probably me
screwing around I'm gonna try it right
now today if you guys were wondering why
I was so choppy I shot in 24 frames per
second which is more cinematic
however for vlogging I'm now noticing
that it's a little more jerky I'm
jittery and stuff like that that also
has something to do with probably the
fact I don't have a gimbal or a
stabilizer what if you want to call it
so tomorrow I'm gonna go look into
trying to find one that I can get I'm
also gonna try to find a different mic
if you guys know any of this stuff
because right now I have a it's called a
road micro video mic and it's this giant
ball that you guys can see this is gonna
be us yet the problem with this right
now it sounds amazing but the second
where I get behind it for example let me
go behind it
like yes I've become very very distant
but when I come back over here I sound
way better so I gotta find like another
mic to where it's like multi-directional
so if you guys know of anything please
let me know in the comments because I'm
definitely gonna keep learning the Matt
colors
I'm realizing I need to just keep those
specifically for montages or cinematic
areas and I think what I'm gonna end up
doing is just sticking with 60 frames
per second because I feel like that
might help with the jitteriness and all
that fun stuff
but like I said I just want to say thank
you guys so much for watching and give
me all these suggestions because I
freaking love this camera and it's kind
of funny I got really used to holding
like such a big camera like for some
reason I just it was like second nature
I don't know I feel like this is like I
said in the right direction I feel like
there's a learning curve and I will
definitely learn it actually you know
what how about in the eye right over
there I want you guys to tell me if I
should shoot in 30 frames per second 24
frames per second or 60 frames per
second so up there click there and vote
or you tell me in the comments whatever
but I really if you guys have any
equipment that you guys would suggest
please let me know in the comments as
well so anyway I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always good night
