now this is what I call a breakfast good
morning everyone
so we made it to Sydney Australia trying
to say we there is Danny first trap
there's there's crab the last Travis
anyway so we have the connecting flight
that was 14 hours got half of these six
six hours so we got five 20 hours of
flying so far hello this is the best
status relax
gotta love Australia it's like one of
those was it the can you tell the
difference kind of things
same thing one doesn't have a one's a
little shine in a while thanks dude you
should clean your stuff I was hoping
that like the duty-free tax-free stuff
was to be a little bit cheaper but it's
actually more money it's the Australian
dollar worth more now last time it was
the other way around the last time we
were better for a South America what
we're taking about yeah this is the
second time I'm confused I started at
South America there's a human and
there's how big that plane is it's
massive that's how he's pretty much I
think at least heaven they're here they
have a gummy bar we're gonna play a
little game called fine Travis
can you see them
Dick's out like a sore thumb
I'm trying to get to literally on one
side of the airport
yep all the way on the other side
playing Mario on the switch led me and
every time I see stuff like this I
literally want to just go just step on
it and I think like a star I tell you
know you've been playing literally never
take Travis anywhere here try to get
this for Kinsley yep
wrong country as he has ever seen
real thing right so it's something that
we Danny I were just talk about in every
other country except America these
things are free is and he's made a good
point every other country except America
you have to pay for ketchup maybe not
every country and most of like I don't
think they have I remember Ally asking
for ranch and they didn't have ranch and
somehow all over the world reconvened
right here JC hi Mother of God is hot
walked out it's not like Florida at
times - it looks like Casey Janney
myself have our own little permit and
apparently that doesn't do AC does it's
not it's not even nicer outside so well
you really did open the freezer first
I'll do this - oh my god it feels so
nice
okay this is a perfect example of it
never hurts to ask
so apparently a very conditioning on
level 10 and we just asked and now we're
going to level 10 we went on up right
either genius or pathetic actually you
know I'm gonna say genius it's actually
pretty genius all right so here's the
deal
I've been traveling ok so I went from
runway I'm watching New Zealand TV we're
gonna blow the accents here accents in
New Zealand Australia my favourite
accidents away I actually I switch I
switched my serie a while ago to have an
Australian accent I like that much went
from Orlando to LA which has run six
hours and then we went from LA to Sydney
which was 14 or 15 hours and then we
went from Sydney to Ocwen and that was
about three hours so it smells like 20
23 25 hours give or take plus airport
layover and stuff like that Oh
literally actually a day of traveling in
the air so I'm literally so dead I want
to go out and do things so much but
tomorrow we ever they up so I'm trying
to just kind of oh and still sunny look
it's like 7 o'clock 8 o'clock
what I just say it's very 7:30 and look
at this the Sun is completely out still
5 o'clock it's normally darkened forum
we're trying to do something with all
the teeth I'm just I've done genuinely
genuinely tired I can't believe we've
been flying and stuff for a day takes so
long to get over here but once you're
over here it's the most unbelievable
experience ever and we were complaining
about AC it's like basically New
Zealand's going through some sort of
like heatwave right now so it's like
ungodly hot all we had to do was just
ask and we got easy
I kind of want to launch the drone oh my
god
that was pretty say check like that what
pros do
oh well it's awesome they're chasing it
it's so hard to see where's your drunk
dinner and you're in their territory
sketchy oh you brought it beyond dude
that was sketch holy you're a blogger I
know dude I can't think because of the
things
did you record it all that on there just
the last thing I put it down I said no
oh yeah of course yeah like that they
were going after dude that was crazy
hers were literally going after this
thing I'm not gonna lie that was
probably the coolest thing ever
dunno scary I don't want that to happen
again we're still circle they are
because they're part like where's a
little wings I think you better than us
I'm genuinely in shock still dude
almost gone did your own so I came out I
don't know what just happened
to be honest with you like I didn't fly
into any mess or anything we're just put
Souls I like that these seagulls are
gonna take it honey thank you guarantee
it very expensive blog yeah thousand
dollars seagull steals drunk all that
one just dive right in there right yeah
we scream
this is all good I am yeah you just hold
it like that it catches me out this is
funny we traveled literally around the
whole world they were inside the hotel
just playing some rocket man learning
this game hit me on feedback boy do you
got that deal see right there with the
the DeLorean over there
the dlv with the DLC nice nice nice
Casey good job I score so that's
definitely a first
I've never okay first off you guys saw
the clip we thought maybe you know
flying the drone I was like oh look at
the birds you know kind of in the shot
you know sometimes Birds going to shot
and everything you know they get in the
shot that looks kind of cool however
then we noticed that birds were
dive-bombing it and chasing it so I
floored it and once they started chasing
a tree like all right well they're
actually attacking this
so I had obviously hey I wanted to keep
doing it because I want to get some cool
shots but I didn't get to actually do
too much and be I was terrified of a
bird actually attacking it and hurting
itself so I've never seen a bird like go
after an attack a drone like that oh my
god it was so cool though I was king
warlike dude grab it grab it it was that
was that was an interesting thing right
there try worthy of vlog stuff right
there check it out guys I don't know if
you can see it I'm sure you can remember
when we jumped off that I don't want to
do it again but the only thing is I
don't know any other connections still
from the people that let us do it last
time but definitely want to
well guys I am gonna go back maybe just
kind of watch TV and kind of decompress
30 hours whatever it's been on an
airplane I need to just kind of chill
hopefully we're gonna find something
pretty cool to do don't forget to
subscribe guys and we will see you
tomorrow in Auckland we're finally here
we flew across the world and we are
finally here good night guys
