Hey all right we're good hey guys so
welcome
you're nice this would be our first
question answer of year nine because we
felt like it's been a long time since
we've done this been a long time since I
met you Linda's dead and we wanted to
ask you guys uh we wanted to ask you
guys to ask us some questions so I have
a bunch of them on my little handy dandy
or say notebook but I don't think
anyone's gonna get that old phrase do
you get that one I get it okay you're
some clever some people probably get
that anyway so it was vibrating alright
the first one is from a Volyn F any
wedding planning advice for the wedding
planning advice what I'm going to do is
some videos on my channel so we can get
that all over here at Mizzou don't you
put me up you're like I forgot that my
yeah damn re-air Angeles well anyways
wedding planning advice gonna be on my
channel so stay tuned youtube.com slash
alleyway
if you didn't know right here or in the
description somewhere in there look I
just took the emoji that is actually the
motion they got to do the bigger I
though that might be a test a have you
ever thought about opening a patreon
many fans would love to support you that
way since YouTube has become a more
difficult place to make a living that is
something that we have toyed with but we
don't really know how to approach it
because we don't want it to seem like
we're begging for money or anything like
that we want to make it not the truth no
it's not the truth at all so if we do
one of those who want to make sure it's
some right way and ya know we want you
guys to know that nobody forced
obviously to do that you guys are open
to that you know it's something that has
definitely crossed our minds we want to
make sure if we do do if we do do that
you dilute it if we do do that if we do
that we do so we do it the right way and
that we can offer something in exchange
so that way we're not just taking money
and running because we're obviously not
running because we're making these
videos for you but something in addition
to like maybe a Skype call or like a
handwritten letter or something like
that something
we're giving back to for you guys coming
to us so though you probably don't want
my handwriting you would not be able to
read it probably be her handwriting I
don't know so let us know what you guys
think it might be something that we
could try in the future for year 9 I'm
not really sure like that is a
screenshot that says screenshot that is
not great this question is from great
space and like that how many kids would
you both like to have any gender
preferences or names love you guys I
think right now we have some names but
we're not going to say it right now
until the time comes obviously saris
gender preferences I don't really have
one I prefer to have a girl first the
only reason why is because I was an
older brother and I know I was kind of a
pain in the ass to my sister and I feel
I had a complete different not up I had
an older sister Anna and older brother
and yeah my older brother wasn't I do
Denny you know he roughhouse with me but
I loved having a little brother and I
loved having an older sister so I really
care I think the only reason why I say
older sisters because by nature I feel
like women or girls are more nurturing
and I've seen older sisters two younger
brothers and a price return that option
- oh my god what is that smell
the Ducks keep burning if you didn't
watch yesterday's video go watch it I
think we said the dogs too much because
we wrote year nine and dog food I think
it's a terrible idea anyway so I was
saying was that I feel like from my
experience I've seen older sisters with
younger brothers and I've seen them a
lot more nurturing and things like that
less roughhousing ultimately he wants
girl I don't really care I mean I
truthfully I don't care as long as
they're healthy goofy and smart I'm cool
this is from KDP what's one thing people
misunderstand about you I think the
first thing people misunderstand about
me is that I think I come off very
immature or I don't want to be stupid
but immature and stupid it's video come
on that way I think people
misunderstanding and things that you
take tonight sky 600 yes a Saturday
night no but I think that people like in
very serious moments when you last them
off I think that they think that you're
being
disrespectful rude when that's totally
not what it is
Charles like to take a negative
situation and make it more calming and
comforting but rather than scary and
dark this is kind of like a weird thing
for me to say because I'm afraid this
can really I think a lot of people think
I'm stupid
so it's the same thing yes I mean I
think people think I am legitimately
stupid because sometimes I use the wrong
word
when I'm talking or having a
conversation with you or I'm talking
about something I tend to get very
nervous in front of the camera when I'm
holding it I'm not with him it makes me
uneasy so getting you yeah I know that I
will yours but I still get nervous
especially when I'm around my friends or
my family in a mountain public I tend to
like oh my god what's that word I'm
trying to use and then I go cross-eyed
yeah yeah but I I tend to use the wrong
word so I think people think I'm stupid
like really long but you're not dumb
that's terrible is it not that part
hint I think it's coming from the
smaller so you think it's diesel I don't
know it is a stigma okay this one is
from thee
what's the fondest memory you both have
of each other I I have like a lot of
fond memories of you but one of my
favorite memories and it's so dumb and I
think that a lot of people you look back
at this something it's very dumb but we
are driving through Sarasota and you
turned on this long turn down for what
oh and you like like a bun thing going
like that and oh sorry that's gonna be
reattached later you were up on the car
like dashboard but you're like going
like you're a bird and it was I don't
know why I thought it would be funny
esteem ever I feel like one of my
favorites he is a lot like you said I
have a lot of fond memories but one of
my favorite ones one of the first tours
Ali ever came on tour with we the kings
I remember having to explain to her that
we couldn't take showers and that she
had to shower any sink and I couldn't
poop on the bus and you couldn't poop on
the bus that was probably the funniest
for flush things in toilet yes and I
feel like those are one of the first
ones all right this is from Christie
does Charles touring a lot affect
relationship at all no yeah actually I
don't think I don't think it's ever been
an issue yeah is Christ evil it might be
hurt
can we put pants on the dogs I don't
think it does at all
this one's from Courtney Caldwell chance
would you guys be interested in
travelling a little bit both of you talk
about experiences and meeting us
something like a tour I think it would
be coming cool there would be a lot of
fun finding the time is a whole
different situation yeah but it would be
kind of fun that's why I like we the
kings tours so much is because we go to
so many states and go to so many
countries and Ally can come with us that
it's kind of like fun yeah it's kind of
like a little mini tour so as long as
people come to the tour's we can have
these little mean groups so that's why I
always encourage you guys come to the
tours and we can say hi we can high-five
and do all that fun stuff this is from
California girl what has been your
proudest moment in your youtube life you
know what it has to go back probably 10
years ago back when YouTube was just
starting I remember when my first video
hits 300 views and that was I don't say
the proudest because I've had so many
proud moments but that was one of the
first proud moments or when I got my
first Adsense check for it was $150 it
was like just made the threshold back in
the day 2007 or something I feel like
those are one of my first proudest
moments now the fact that we can go I
think make a few misreads and making it
to this day right consecutive pick it up
this thing right here this is the
Ripley's Believe It or Not look yeah the
Guinness World Records on the other side
yes I'm I dunno I mean nothing is
impressive you think it's just as heavy
is the YouTube plaque which is another
thing that I'm super proud of how about
yourself
I don't know thing you haven't done is
now you really you've been doing this
for a while I feel like anyone who makes
YouTube videos has a proud YouTube
moment I think one of my proudest
moments is the day that somebody
actually like came to me and said
something about like Oh Allie the way
that you handled that situation or Allie
what you said the other day really
impacted me I've been going through a
lot of stuff so hearing something from
someone who watches and opened up my
eyes
gave me some sort of light into my life
and that really impacted me and so I
don't know if it's like I were you two
month I guess it would be like someone's
from the Wahby de waabri browser that we
will be D Wolverine honestly asking
after all the brain tumor divorce stuff
misses a stuff where did you find that
they find love how did you find anything
I think they meant how did you find
fluff and patience to keep on going I
mean that's definitely a dark time in my
life and as far as the vlogs because I
filmed everything they mean that dark
maybe maybe more like a turbulent time
in my life but I feel like everyone has
those moments as far as finding love
that just happened and that's what I
feel like you know you can't go out and
look for it like I feel like it just
kind of fell in our laps and then we're
we just each fell in each other's laps
that makes sense
and then from then we eventually found
love in each other and I feel like
that's kind of like how it happened so I
mean over time you know she knows my
past I know her past and then as we
would rarely yeah we find love in each
other feel like that's kind of how that
happened we go about the patient like
patients to you as far as patients I
mean I got this close of quitting
vlogging I'll be completely honest I
said this is vlog you mentoring after
all all the the hate and rumors all
those things I literally came this close
of just throwing my camera against the
wall and just stopping I'm glad a
hundred percent glad I didn't do that
because I would definitely have
regretted you know like you know regrets
in life that would have been my biggest
regret in life all my friends all my
family this one right here kind of you
know talks me through all those things
and we over time I realized it would be
a huge mistake and I didn't do it
obviously but it came very close because
I was losing patience and I feel like
that's a total Hartman 13 and my heart
was totally breaking and as far as other
things you know I mean like I was scared
and I didn't some things I didn't want
to share anymore
so it was kind of
now we're talking the trial saying how
like this was such a tough job to have
because you know you do have the choice
of sharing what you want to share with
the things that you don't share can
really backlash on you by not sharing
negative them all the negative moments
in his life for some of the retribution
that he went through a created dilemma
that he almost couldn't prevent it's
like a train wreck oh yeah I mean the
Aral heroes to have like his private
life certain things in this life private
I should say certain things in this life
private
it created yeah way bigger thing that I
needed to be I guess we can just we can
just leave it at that
crystal angle asks you haven't mentioned
your neighbors in a while are they being
nicer to you guys
yes Joseph Laguna ass alley how long did
it take you to learn how to edit the
vlogs
when char was tired or cut into it I
don't think it really took me that long
I'm shiny up really quick I'm still
learning various things when it comes
like final cut
yeah a lot of the editing process I
learned pretty quickly I think I really
got it down when lesson like a couple
weeks yeah she was really fast that I
was really I thought for sure I was
there was really huge learning curve
still ass sharp I still have to shower
all the time questions I slashed chart
all the time questions regarding how to
edit or certain clip or how to fix the
volume on this or how can I make this
cooler overall island that you took me a
couple weeks to really get the hang of
it to the point where I didn't have to
ask them a question every single day
right non-stop I agree
Holly T asked I am getting a hamster in
a few weeks
any suggestions for a name how about
Jerry of the hamster that's a pretty
much area that's a good one
Jerry I was going to go for like Hubert
here the hamster you weren't the hamster
they alliterations for you taking home
Hugh Herbert Oh ejected Hugh or huge the
hamster sounds good these are jerry
hubert and when you get them please
tweet us so we can see shut up you can
call him cute I was thinking because
he's a tailor hey okay let's go the next
question you freak
EB Alexander would you rather smell like
eggs when you burped or have a green
cloud appear like behind you I'm
thinking
like Charlie Brown when you fart I'm
like a green cloud I think a green cloud
would be hilarious czar Cass does Ali's
family my family does my family not like
the idea of putting your life on the
Internet to be completely honest I kept
it from them for a very very long time I
didn't tell my friends I didn't tell my
family really what he did like did but I
didn't tell them because I was still
trying to figure it out on my own right
with him are they against it absolutely
not they're very happy that it makes me
happy and they think it's really
impressive that I'm so pulled to put my
life on the internet her grandma loves
it yeah Graham who will love it but yeah
my family's getting used to it now
because before they weren't really used
to and they were a little apprehensive
of it it kind of made them uncomfortable
now they embrace it with open arms kind
of like how your family does yeah and I
think your sisters become pretty much a
main character as she's crazy and
they've just become very open medicine
so they like it
skyla asked do you know if you were
still able to produce children naturally
after old chemo from what I've been told
it takes six months after chemotherapy
to be able to have children at naturally
so I'm very hopeful I was very hopeful I
know friends personally that I've gone
through situations that's almost even
worse and still at chemo and they taught
it intravenously yet IV person which I
didn't have I was very fortunate but
they've had more of a hardcore dose and
for longer and they've had children
naturally in their beautiful children I
feel very confident in the situation
he's asked like what's the negatives and
the positives and you know is it going
to be safe for us is it better to wait
longer and obviously it's better to wait
a little bit longer but we do the
questions that we do constantly ask
instructor about safety is the most
important part but I feel like any time
you have a child and yours always that
fear of something so there's risks
inherently in childbirth I don't so I
don't think it's necessarily correlated
with what I've gone through I think it's
just a natural risk and you know we're
taking every precaution possibly can
because we do want children I mean the
worst-case scenario if I'm unable to we
have a back-up plan because I am smart
and I did that a long time ago great
I have amazing doctors I think it'll be
fine
I do too look so dumb this is what I
deal with it's my wife you think you'd
feel a relief or panic if you end up
missing a day would you like basically
would you take a mini vacay if that ever
happened you know what I think I would
be having a mini panic attack only
because I feel like it's so naturally
for me I was going to grab a camera but
I actually don't have one it's right
here
that's so natural for me to have a
camera on my person at all times that I
feel like if I weren't uploading it
daily I would still film it so I feel
like it would be kind of kind of almost
counter to it like I couldn't relax
essentially if I did end up missing a
day I guess your question is what I just
take a vacation or a break from vlogging
but I just take a vacation or a break
from vlogging and just prolong it I
don't think I could because like of what
I just said is up so naturally it's like
a habit and I feel like if I break the
habit I take a vacation I would have so
much like of an uphill battle of getting
back into it because I mean I've been
doing this I've been doing YouTube
videos open 12 years like maybe a little
bit longer I've been doing videos before
YouTube so but about on YouTube since
for like 12 years now I think it would
just be hard for me so I don't I don't
think I would take a decade and I know I
would have a panic attack I think you
would too well you know it's in the
future you never know we'll see Chris
ask what are you thoughts on the YouTube
ad pocalypse and how is it affecting you
I've seen several youtubers complain
about the loss of funds and censorship
has it hurt your income and views this
is definitely a very touchy situation
right now on YouTube because I feel like
everyone's hurting on this right now
some are hurting worse than others some
are hurting worse than others and I'm
sure like we're not going to sugarcoat
I'm sure you guys have noticed that
we've had a drop in views I'm not going
to lie it does scare us sometimes
stopping views scenes shopping income
dropping income means it becomes scary
like do any Hey and with the drop in
income dubbing an income means that we
have to figure out alternative ways to
supplement the income that we're losing
right hence why you've seen Charles and
myself
doing and other youtubers and other
youtuber athletes so hence why you've
seen Charles myself and other youtubers
or social media influencers out there
doing additional or even more than
normal
promotional opportunities on Instagram
Twitter YouTube all the above because
we're trying to it's like a kind of as a
group like a giant entity of creators
we're trying to be able to maintain what
we're doing because all of us love what
we're doing we all want to continue
doing this we all work hard and we every
one of us works hard not just us we all
work hard and I feel like everyone's
trying different ways to make sure that
we can keep these things afloat we don't
want to quit and truthfully I feel like
there's definitely certain things other
youtubers and creators are doing and I
hope as far as the community I hope
everyone watching videos and supporting
these creators and personalities on the
internet can understand and relate and
just like hey do I think a lot we got a
great community you guys definitely do
and I and that's so wonderful but there
are a lot of people out there and we do
have the people that don't agree with it
but we do have more people that
understand and accept what we're doing
but I think that that's an important
thing for us to talk about is the fact
that now there is a huge thing going on
in YouTube you got to talk about it I
love the name ad pocalypse yeah I do
have to admit that yeah but there's a
huge thing going on YouTube right now
we're going on with YouTube right now
where people are really struggling I
mean like really really struggling and
have to figure out a way to supplement
supplement their income we just hope you
guys understand that you can see that
but this whole YouTube apocalypse thing
is real it's real from an opening very
scary and it's pushing us to work harder
than I think that we've ever worked to
foreigner right as far as the second
part or the other part of the question
as far as not just the Adsense but the
views I won't sugarcoat I've definitely
seen a dramatic drop in views I can't
explain it but it definitely like is
happening
I think it's happened almost site-wide
but we're definitely seeing a huge hit
I'm not gonna lie it's very
discouraging and very frustrating this
is something I've always wanted to say
it's something about the word clickbait
I feel clickbait has been used so so
many times and so many I want stupid
ways but for you yeah I feel like plus I
feel like yeah clickbait has turned into
the loose sellout and I feel like people
don't understand all you guys do I'm not
going to say you everyone that just
because you're doing an ad or doing a
sponsorship doesn't necessarily make you
sellout like there's so many products
Allen I definitely used daily that we
have in our bathroom right now or a
house that we choose to tell you guys
about we don't like all them just
because we like them and do them doesn't
mean that you have to like them but as
far as use in the word clickbait I feel
like it's definitely gotten to be the
new sell out and that's you're like an
example that's always frustrated me for
example like if I do or anybody does
like a title that grabs your attention
or a thumbnail that grabs your attention
it's immediately clickbait
it's not even if it happens in the vlog
and it's like 90% of the log it's
totally yeah so I think this is a
perfect example you would never go see a
movie like this with just a blank poster
that just says movie you would never
watch a TV show that looks like this
that has nothing to do with anything it
just says TV show and has no interesting
title or no interesting photo as far as
a YouTube video you never would watch a
video just said YouTube video and no
thumbnail it's our job as creators not
just myself but you guys to create
something that's interesting and makes
people click it I caching yeah and I
feel like it's a video we considered
clickbait if it's fake like if the
thumbnail you're nothing to do with
anything
the title is like boobs boobs boobs so
man saves baby from falling off on back
of burning train and mandibor at the
park with the job yeah exactly that
would be called clickbait and I feel
like I'm lecturing but it's something
that's always bothered me
it's trying very much long-winded
question I honestly don't even think
that we are click baby if you want me to
be 100% honest of you to me a sellout is
somebody who does something for money
even if they don't believe in it or like
like approve of it or use it
we use it so something like that's what
I would consider a sellout a clickbait
video to me would be something that has
nothing to do with a video and it's just
there to get your attention and the
drive of you and drive some money to
them so let's just say hypothetically we
have the most exaggerated title and
exaggerated thumbnail or something like
that I feel like it's our job to do that
and let's say you do click it but it's
one thing to click something and be like
oh this is quickly this is garbage but
it's another thing to click on a video
and there's substance there and you
enjoy a video for 15 or 16 minutes and I
feel like that's the difference between
the two and because we've seen the drop
in views we've obviously tried to in the
ad pocalypse we tried different tactics
and I feel like this is just something
that's been weighing on my brain for a
very long time and I feel like it's
something that we've tried because the
views have gone down we have no idea why
and we're trying to figure things out
thank so much effects every everything
see how everything just came back
together we rambled for a little bit and
it all just came back together so Chris
I got to say thank you for asking that
what not because it's a weird thing to
talk about I'm glad I didn't make a
single video about this and I was able
to incorporate it in this Chris you're
awesome if I see you I'm going to give
you two hat to high-fives if you're
older maybe buy you a beer
Jackie asked do you Charles feel like
it's still important to talk to viewers
in public do you ever regret having to
vlog a certain year of your life not
talking about the D word in particular
as far as talking people in public I
100% like it's people like it's happened
so many to LA myself that would be in
public or something especially in
Florida and somebody's tweeted later
really I saw you at Disneyworld I saw
your Busch Gardens was too nervous don't
do that just come say hi love talking to
people it's it's part of our job and
it's like in a rewarding thing to have
somebody come up to us and say we watch
the videos because we worked so hard we
want to meet you guys we want to talk
with you that's why I relate and connect
but as far as like recording in that
year 100% don't regret it because so
much happens in a year and I would miss
out and you know I have a bad memory
I
remember some of this things I can't
remember it now without looking at those
vlogs so kind of cool to looking back
then some of the most amazing time care
life because imagine like all those
wonderful things that did have my ear
and some the toughest parts of your life
to happen to hear you look back on what
made you stronger and you look back why
I was going to fit you in a positive way
it makes you stronger and I feel like go
through the crap because without the
crap you wouldn't know the good stuff I
was trying to think of the opposite of
crap develops like crap the hard the
hard time no yeah yeah exactly
okay this is going to be the last
question Alton app how do you an ally
get past the tough moment you know like
I think each situation is different for
us a lot of the times it has to go like
if we have a fight we take time to
ourself we walk like I'll walk the dogs
she'll walk diesel and we kind of just
like do that kind of stuff the good
thing about alia night is that even if
we're at each other's throats we're very
very good about like like apologizing to
each other we're not the type of people
that like hold grudges for like a week
or anything like that I don't feel like
any fight that's ever we've ever had is
less than a full day no it doesn't it
doesn't even last may be our longest
fight as lasted like 2 hours and it was
just because I drove off and he went
somewhere yeah I mean like I waited for
a walk and and he went for walking with
a Mack anomaly yeah it goes over yeah
almost instantly or there's something
that went on let's just get over it I
like to talk it out so if you sort of
respectful of the fact of if I want to
talk something out he'll talk about with
me right exactly and you got to talk it
out guys yeah I saw him that all the
time I tell him all the time and I hope
they're like that is the end of the
question-and-answer for today we hope
you guys really enjoyed all of that we
really appreciate all of your questions
we hope we answered them as well yeah I
really hope that you really like the way
that we answered them home is a right
answer hard some of those questions are
really tough to answer and we're happy
that we had the opportunity to me
answers yeah got it off our chest which
is kind of nice I think we'll do more of
these because you guys want us to do
more of these just lists oh no I think
we're just going to do it
we're just going to do more okay hope
you guys enjoy today's video as well
don't forget to subscribe if you have
any more questions for you so some of
the comments will save it for the next
time have a great night guys this is the
end
oh it was very elegant or then why do I
do it I don't know she's already not
children hi guys
