happy nine years every year I get
pancakes or Vegas waffle you get an
extra pound oh it is your nine oh no
there's a safe welcome to your now
drizzle we're very good at everything
open here nine I just scream Jimmy's
thinking their mom waffles oh okay it is
year nine today obviously you guys
probably already knew that though
because never smart no I had no idea
oh yeah I can't believe it you're not
going to go down to Sarasota we're going
to do it up here but we're going to run
some jet skis we haven't done a note
like two years but it was apparently
like five or six heat waves dang
Petersburg right now so we're going to
go try Sarasota yeah I was pretty bad
they were like me I wouldn't recommend
doing it in st. Pete the waves are
pretty bad so the Sarasota we go oh is
it going to rain today and Sarasota
Florida no gee it doesn't look like it's
going to rain in Sarasota oh there we go
all those dark sky says it's going to
rain around stick well guess what
well it was earlier than that so we're
trying to get you to come out to dark
alley it Jesus or maybe it does like
several things a colony and I thought
was jitters laughs came where so what I
like to call it exactly well change of
plans we looked at the time and we're
idiots
ah so we can't make it down to Sarasota
so we are just going to risk not risk
we're just going to put our lives in
danger for some jet piece ah pretty much
I think it's gonna be kind of fun to
kind of ramp some ways and
how's your say like baby baby so we're
gonna write up some waves all right now
we're gonna ramp them
I honestly think they're making a bigger
deal because not only one of the few
that we called it has really said not to
do it all the other ones didn't say
anything like that so I feel like it's
going to be okay Kimberley flashback we
never have what do you mean like a
flashback to get shave it you can see
flashback we've ever had
we usually are flashback for like months
Oh two reasons the flashback to
yesterday's wave I don't know what's
this look
they weren't that bad just a paper crane
thanks to differ
you found our breath another sprinklers
truck no I'm not just for you looking at
the wall here by Anik look that's how
much hi well let's get we're gonna find
it yeah we're already driving so we're
just going to do it you're nine
here we go I thought you would see
something the rhymes near 9 all the time
put our life on the line for year 9
after life my picture number 9 9 I means
one more year to a decade of the CTFxC I
would know what could happen on unite we
couldn't make it but I called heezy just
to let him know it is working right now
mr. cocoa Joe himself by the way I need
to get your little ad from Frankie
really yeah so here this is cut to the
Coco Joe commercial right now
that was pretty awesome wasn't it go go
Joe
yeah come back go seesaw go see Cali and
get some cocoa Jose wait what come on
smile
exactly well yeah we can't wait who's
that
we're literally going one mile and a
sophomore
Oh
we had a little bit of all wiped out
right there a little bit terrifying
because of the damn shark we didn't get
I think what happened is I went to turn
and I think our whole body went turning
and we go make your night I don't live
in this part light
my mom
no I shall go on the super big by the
way her shark all of this water cool
shirt I hereby certify Hulk in master
days hit the ball I was way from my head
my face could you hit me the favor
no joke
the other GoPro I've never done it we
filled up 54 minutes of footage on a
GoPro on her life never done it it's
going to be fun editing - so I was just
standing out there waiting for Ally and
a bird pooped on my head is it still
there
so did it really coupon there is yellow
shit in your hair literally I don't real
today right there stay right there you
can't so really did hit me
that's good luck no no I ain't got like
in the bird poo science
fucking bird I feel like I've heard that
right here might not be good luck right
now but it's good like I was just a show
for you and I just thought of FUD well
there's water in the back and taupe now
your hands the way you're holding them
you're like Lee on the head I swear on
my life feel like I'm not moving
everyone let me show you like I feel
like you're kidding I'm not it's very
there yeah
that was about this honestly has never
happened to me I remember one time it
happened to my cousin and it was very
funny when he hit her but for me is not
funny
like Marley Rena no and she rolls in
poop do you think this has been like
watch difference in last year like do
you think it's in like a cool start to
your night for you oh yeah I think so
because I think of them for it was going
into a hotel room yeah I can't remember
what happened year ago here's something
to think about
to what what year have you ever started
it off with the birds shitting on the
back of your head I feel like that's
good luck I swear oh do please tell me
tell me in comment section look have you
not heard if you have heard of it on
unit that's good luck I've heard of it
by feeling it was made up by somebody
who constantly got pooped on and I got
some Sun a long time when I was younger
that's what I'm saying it's like
somebody who gets cooked on a lot like
who's unlucky they're like oh no no it's
actually really lucky if you like
something justifying it but I will be
optimistic and I will say that is the
best way to start your night poopy even
boots on alekhya poop there's nothing
better than a nice fried piece of cheese
I came up without I just want to give
them this biggest hug far2
he's gonna poop
always moving since we're down here
already
so it sterilize all those well they were
like so i salute lee more simple right
that makes sense they're so light
they're like watercolor the crystal
clear like you like i would not like
that she has like the green light rival
exact colors but even later them that's
like aqua kid dark hair dark it'll
probably have like blue eyes he wasn't
Birkenstocks i would guide you over him
suck obviously down here Madeira Beach
because that's where we went today to go
jet skiing which is actually where we
went last time but is also where Ali
used to work with Chile imagine it back
in the day at the surf shop could you
tell that Ali worked at a surf shop I
don't know why is it that I don't know
why either high but she's the typical
Turkish it if you ever serious though
yes uh-huh
I told you I thought a long work like a
you guys said there so I have to Sally's
in jelly bean heaven great you need the
red apple right here and you can have
the red apple why did you get those
okay and while you're sitting into a
wedding good point
I got a quick question for you guys
everyone knows what a runt is but my
question for you guys is what is the
best run there is a right answer so make
sure you stay the right answer let me
know in the time this is a test so do
not fail I'm just testing them on which
one is the best run always different
flavors there you go we got your hot
fudge sundae and I got softer vanilla
which is and she why I never really
liked ice cream in now recently so he's
been getting the weirdest cravings
lately are you honestly have been
getting the leader savings it's
hilarious once I was for now but since
we were down here we decided to kind of
walk around and just kind of see
whatever comes out here
do you wanna bite is now I'm going you
are like me
anything I'm sure my pleasure you go get
solving your little book so great I mean
but don't we get the other you know in
fact so when you're like beer in the c6
and I was like editing the vlog 200 your
mom feels like oh my god what to think
what now this is somebody's weave no I
want to pick up the weave
you
all rights are gonna be fine
come on out the beasts out and I'm gonna
be a great way to end the video Miley's
gonna hit it Marlee what's here party
hungry you want to eat
let's go these dully this could be Zozo
all right come on cookie they're gonna
be so full bar they was out here
come ID skip it remember when you said
da da da me come on bud you just like I
want my toy please it doesn't look like
you're 9 anymore that's for sure come on
Dee
don't try this he's just so delicate
with everything because like this isn't
normal
this is how they're eating today well
guys I hope you enjoyed the first day of
year 9 we're definitely going to go out
this is the best way to go out I really
truly hope you guys are excited for your
knife in the comments right now I want
you guys to tell us your favorite
favorite moment of your 8 so let us know
in the comments and if you have not
checked out the urate montage remember
there are two of them the first ones on
our channel I'll put an annotation and
then there's a link down there you can
click the little eyes there anything is
going to happen in here nice oh yeah
that's - so tell us the favorite thing
in your ate this is your question today
for everything of your ate and what you
think is going to happen in year 9 I
have no idea I have a couple ideas so
I'm not sure yes dang yeah I think I
know a little white that's got to be one
of your babies adventure yet this year
no use like I want more man okay I'll
tell you when I had enough I can't
breathe sorry guy pregnant woman okay
okay just keep feeding me Oh God we're
gonna mop later anyway I hope you
enjoyed today's video
like I said let me know your favorite
moment of urate and what you think's
happening in year 9 and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always go check out the
to monitor that's what I thought to say
before I got all distracted there are
two montages it was one on the channel
put a link down in the description and
then within that video there's a link to
the one on the Facebook group which is
just Facebook comment at cult TV we did
too because there's so much and we
wanted to be able to split it up so go
check out both I hope you join it and I
hope
you guys are excited for a year I can't
do it all in one hand now so it's five
and four year nine I can go buy us
you
