let's dig Georgine militant there's not
Milo good afternoon Internet guess what
today is the last day of year hey
somebody just farted that wasn't me
this is what Ali won got from Kate it
supposed to be a giant inflatable cream
doing a good job their bed clothes that
Holly most of centering our towel tubes
on time lapse bit actually should you I
love Charles I'm loving how we're just
watching Ali do this right now should
you help I feel like it's more your
fault because you're scaring Mary yes
well your film I always thought filming
it you're just kind of looking at her
and judging her let's go here you did a
bad good job
there's now blown up
I think it's good I want to keep messing
with it let's go enjoy the stupid thing
it's a fun bottle wait that's your butt
your butt either way a fun boy I just
like do that dear bye it's a fun boy as
Ukraine is paper cranes the fee of your
paper crane float I don't think we're
going to get this thing out there to be
the surfing in bond act takes 40 minutes
just to get out there arrive one way
well like right over there
although I do all the work that gets on
it
I got it I got it
let's see if I can get anything
underwater right now I guarantee we can
over there what's wrong with my hair
Sorry Sorry
gotta get up here I'm going to use the
wave my daily rinse away let's go to
stand on an octave now the pain in the
ass surf this thing
two weeks that's a Burger King I'm
trying grab the girl I lost and Euler
found it again very very difficult I'm
trying to get out well I didn't work
these giant wraps that were so funny but
at the same time they're always like to
get going and then you realize it's a
bad idea the second year halfway through
blowing it up
oh cool okay oh you guys have no idea
you guys were underwater for about like
ten minutes I have no idea I found you
I'm not even kidding I'm not even lying
right now it stopped off free here and
we want the cocoa basically rocked
entire camera for a good like probably
ten minutes in the ocean thank you
all I did was the shovel around here and
I found it it was on the ground I had to
like reach around so this footage is
part of the most prized footage of the
year starting last nine years because I
I lose footage all the time and I
genuinely ought to write this off but
it's still here perfect example the
boomerang theory right there I got to
hold this thing for my honor I'm not
what I generally am pretty impressive
literally guys I have no idea how I just
found this I just ended up kicking my ex
there we go where's again so much bigger
I don't think we're making any progress
got it you gotta you gotta you gotta you
gotta
all right the longest
Jarrid on beach what are you doing
alright he's done he's done still can't
believe we lost the GoPro as you guys
saw underwater for a while and we still
found it still blows my mind I'm going
to put you guys down and have some
seagulls attack you will see how this
works you got attacked recently just
posted a couple things was it completely
hands-free or playing the bass and I
want to show you guys this little trick
I don't know if anyone knows this it's
really I don't know Android tricks this
is for the iPhone
so hopefully this might help you guys a
little bit because I don't Instagram
video has a hands-free option this might
help you because if you've been wanting
to do it on snapchat I will walk you
through this just go to your settings
then you go to general you scroll down
look for I think it's accessibility then
scroll down and look for active touch
you turn that on and it puts this little
do-hickey guy right here go to create
new gesture and just kind of go like
this and go until the thing stops
recording and just kind of do this in a
little circle kind of stay in a little
tiny one not too much
it saved Oh Diesel's going crazy thank
you for protecting I appreciate that so
save it something you remember I'm just
going to call it snapchat because I'm
really OCD about picking this stuff till
your snapchat hit this and go to custom
hit your snapchat or whatever we called
it and you see this little guy drag that
right into the center and see how it's
moving
so right now we are hands-free
hands-free hands-free and it should go
as long as that you longer you went so
see into the full thing so when you're
done with it you just click this little
guy and it should go away and then if
you want to get rid of this crap go back
to your general and setting and then
just go to your active touch and just
simply turn it off so there you go
little tips and tricks please I just
learned that myself and I figured I
should pass that along if you haven't
followed us on snapchat mine's right
here and Ally's was right there so
follow us on snatch up especially Allie
she's
please goofball in there she's way
funnier than anyone I know on that hope
that helps
well Internet the psychotic family
members of mine and I are together once
again not tear enough advanced color
that's the show I'm in the forest where
I hide it might happen it might happen
in the agreement what we're doing today
is we are going to the board aquarium
which will be very cool and we're doing
this thing the company is called
painting with the twist right press
basically where you kind of like have a
moment-by-moment
lesson on how to contain certain things
I don't really know I apply selling in
India while drinking wine and with a
beautiful backdrop which I think helps a
lot so if you guys have not been to
Florida where I am Charlie went a few
vlogs back actually a month or so back
but it's pretty amazing so I have a
weird feeling we're going to be painting
fishies or something like that I was
just thinking about how crazy it is that
it is now the beginning or actually not
yet tomorrow will be the beginning of
year nine almost freakin decades of
daily videos not only just daily videos
but we've never missed a day which kind
of blows my mind and makes me think I'm
a little crazy oh I know I'm a little
crazy lately insane I guess it would be
it's just kind of crazy the things that
we've all seen together the things we've
all done together just blows my mind I
was 20 22 or 21 almost no 23 or 24 when
these things were given life and I'm
sure you guys already saw because I
uploaded before the vlog the daily
montage if you haven't seen it yet the
vr8 montage is online on the channel
obviously I don't put a link in the top
part of the description right down there
so you can click on that or I'll put
like a little clickable thing at the end
of the video like I do with everything
you guys can check that out so please
make sure if you haven't watched it
already or if you have just go watch it
again because I definitely know there's
so much that happen this year it's hard
to fit it in like a five-minute video
actually speaking of which because of
that if you guys watch the video and you
see something that you think should have
been in there like maybe you had a
different favorite moment of the past
year some people like to have like an
attachment to a like a specific part of
the vlog over the years like some people
just don't even realize it and then
other people just like gravitates it I
want sections that make sense and if we
missed that section or that day or that
segment let me know in the
what was your favorite part of this
year's okay awesome thanks so I guess
what I'm trying to say it's in the
comments right now guys please tell me
your favorite day or moment from your
you're eight I would love to know I'd
love to read so please let me know also
before you forget in the videos this is
in the end of the video but just before
the end of the video please make sure to
click the like button for the last time
in year eight got to do it
celebration time I definitely hope you
liked it this is like the ultimate like
this is like the like that you liked
year eight I guess you could say as I
was talking I kind of realized I think
year eight was the best as far as not
breaking cameras I broke the least
amount of cameras in your 8th in all the
other years so that's a victory for me
I'm a little proud of myself on that one
personally is doing that 50 or something
there is one of the number one rules do
not drink the paint water streams paint
white green pink water empty paintbrush
and reason are oh no no no oh my gosh
store you thank you okay where you at
kaylynn you dyed your hair and next is
that a fan you look so beautiful love it
haha
these are the final works of art and I
gotta say we did an incredible job for
him
Lex is actually going to take them home
and put them up in paints room because
her room is kind of like the purple from
the pink it would be very pretty
ahh there's no plank up in your beauty
this is officially the last good night
from year 8 and we just wanted to say
thank you guys so much for an amazing
amazing year 8 and we are looking
forward to year 9 like crazy I just want
to let you guys know obviously we have
the CTFxC urate montage so it's live on
the channel but we also have a special
one on our Facebook to facebook.com
slash internet kill TV so there's two of
them this year I think we do the last
year as well but go check out both of
them I really wanted to say to you guys
see you so much for having me around for
the past couple years it's been a crazy
awesome unbelievable ride I can't
believe that I'm a part of this chart of
your dryer yeah it's amazing and you
guys are incredible for those of you who
have been there since the beginning I am
so blessed for you I know child girl
show that you have been here since five
minutes ago we were so wants to have
your eyes and your night is going to be
a hell of a year it's gonna be great
go check those out guys and we will see
you guys tomorrow ease don't forget to
subscribe because a brand new because or
hitting a decade soon guys
so crazy right I was I was 20 I was
played I was 24 last time but I just
realized that poor math I was not 24 I
was 22 or 23 there we go
I'm better at math now idml Munchie it's
almost they poked my head toy ah well we
love you very much
we're so excited for year 9 with you and
we'll see you tomorrow bye guys
