if you don't remember that when I
spilled it on our wedding morning guys
do you feel 1g that's insane that was
probably just one round eternal camera
this is what we're going to be dealing
with today gained I thought somebody was
just like flicking on the lights in the
hotel room but now just you know
lightning storm you have to go on an
airplane nobody'll Oh see when you
positive the weather quizup so happy
about that so I got to go with two away
and I'm home oh ma I'm walking my little
secret trail silly so funny when I go
out that door people are like oh what's
he doing that he's gonna set up the
alarm I like to still think it's not
like our little secret
well us have to be on a plane for the
holiday freakin hours so tired it's nice
to kind of walk around plus I always
beat them like right now that's going
over there so then they get a load then
I get all the way back the hunt for
flies continue did you catch them did
you eat them up
nope man I've been trying to catch him
for two days and I can't get just can't
get a mom
hi mmm
how are you great really well good news
is I'm still working on the lodge yes
how'd you miss mallison yeah you missed
me you little bird what are you doing
over there
fighting for my love getting ready for
the wedding and the best thing about
this one is a super cash super casual I
don't want a casual can I wear these
yeah bye Jordan reissues you sure they
look pretty sweet
string cheese okay now I'm a little
worried about this carnivore hold on let
me give it to you gentle no that's not
gentle yeah be gentle I don't want to
lose a finger sit you sit down good girl
gentle oh my god I lost a finger string
cheese Jesus okay gentle I said you know
what jump figure out how to do it I
might give it a do you have to work for
it lazy nope get it Dingle Dingle Dingle
dangle yeah
Dingle dangle ah so angry-looking
woo look good take it look if Zoey is
actually giving an effort I'm gonna let
Billy take it look at Zoe actually give
an effort she's got arthritis get it my
good job if you were smart you could
have jump on there
I just got to the church let me show you
how beautiful Ali looks by the way she
would by the way I did not go with the
Jordan reissues I'm
so disappointed I know I did plan to
thank you any fun now I think you're
beautiful
let me just get a 360 check that but the
families that start everybody's here
Kelly and Tom what's so amazing look at
you
here goes oh here's a video child you
will die Carl doesn't mini-maid there
you go buddy keep working on you'll find
you go slow and steady you got to play
and then watch this crazy magic in the
other day Tom yeah they are matching
essentially eyes are very OPM members so
the party has officially arrived the
wedding Wow Wow
who pits are your outfits did you guys
do that on your own it's like kind of
like silly but yeah more shorts with
pockets oh you guys look so nice to me I
know Charles Jaco music's memorable you
didn't get the memo trying this wait a
little while I don't show you bees and
TIFF ended up using the photo booth that
we made for our wedding
and it looks great you're not really
nice I like it I like the way they
propped it up looks really beautiful
nice I was going to use outside of our
wedding
you guys are so cute I know weird okay
walking here five three two one
Kent oh it's not working hold on it's
stuck it's stuck
summer Gordon he hold me guys you blew
it
oh don't feel like I'm doing it oh I
look you're good yeah you're going to do
we got it now we got it sighs it's not
frozen anymore
it's all blurry Kelly he's a pearl we
know that stuff so Kelly just told me
something interesting about my wife and
family their Viking height and my
stature hey I'm gonna get you a hat
we're Scandinavian and think that we're
biking I hope they look like that on you
there you go
got a vacuum fucking hat
actually my cousin to my new cousin and
little blue the newlyweds you guys look
so awesome
hi you you can grab it that's okay
that's what I'm saying yeah light on my
leg lovely and today I what do you do if
you don't remember when I killed it on
our wedding
I'm a Viking you look like evil either
chance the new day smart Viking - yes
look at all the Vikings no mess with the
Westerberg I feel like you're better
than your wife and I my wife scary
change of sourcing I need you like a
wild woman she's got the operator you
got the lower we make there we all get
together
cave got it - we got you touch em okay -
Mike yes I know all they gotta do is
yeah
you
all right everyone get out of there for
a second awkward and altering matters an
awful you can steer this smile on her
face I was telling me about her night
and I just knew that at night she knew
that he was the one
little did we know that might rekindling
of our friendship with me I peers and I
collaborating their love group I can
honestly say I have never heard that me
talk about a guy as she does a bj you
can see in her eyes you can hear in her
voice how much she truly loves him does
any of you guys love you and you guys
are great together you have the most
beautiful baby and we see it because he
did shoot his bunny and you can be a
lady
I buy it
no problem I actually heard that they're
really really good animals to have I
think they're so cute people say they're
so ugly and they're so cute
