here we go again what traffic airport
hmm we're stop right there Marcus chill
who this new camera looks nice and crazy
good there's no dust on it
there's no brokenness to it that's right
and I get over yeah we do Hey oh oh
there there she goes what are you gonna
come back hello
Marv Marv I do
hi Bruce is guru right up there yes -
get that desk up there should all right
yeah mark this is high honestly I don't
remember the last time that I got a bit
left I couldn't tell you the last time
that I got okay you would need to go
back to bed you have too much energy for
this early I couldn't tell you the last
time that I was up this early
where I didn't go back to Matt it's 5:30
in the morning and I chopped Charles off
at the airport's closer to 6:00 but I'm
not going back to bed I'm gonna start my
day so I'm gonna try and get some stuff
done I'll probably pass out and like a
good like four hours I'm talking only
kid wall and go to bed so but I am up
now and I'm going to get some more done
and yeah bright and early
there's all fright eyed and bushy tailed
I think that's the term
well finally in Jersey which is kind of
like better time in this Airport and
then like a week system identically kind
of like planting Airport time situation
like what always gear and a cubicle
plane actually you guys might know it
the school is called RAM opposed or run
Apple and so we're like I can't permit I
feel welcome we played to this college
in the past at least a year so like that
year entire no more and also a copper
everything trav and Danny I think get
delayed to a 4 or 5 p.m. otherworldly
entities have been having fevers one
thing on the planet
Avery I'm here for one and a half miles
well any of you wanna feel your name
around the window and if you want to
have shiny delicious-looking no dirt
away anytime I see those things and
Duggan I have to go on those and
Reggie's afraid to fight me on there but
I'm afraid it does I just want to merge
so maybe I'll fight that don't know it's
what I want to do you're going the
extreme dad we can listen to some guys
are silent is I'm down for that
where's the bed of walked or the hat
you're wearing Oh
Gideon Gideon would you please go you
got to get it always love please you can
go in there listen to Gideon
okay for now alright so I'm going to be
cheesy but it's all coming back to me
now but yeah this is where they film the
interview We The Kings if her vlog
humanity back in the day so I guess that
was a few years ago
Oh Charles is going to be so mad but
it's already pooped on this freshly
clean car I took in the opinion of many
of you I didn't chop it completely but I
went back and I got if you weren't just
taken off just because why not it will
grow back sitting down I feel like you
can't really tell how short but right
now I'm sitting at 7 inches oh they got
cut off well roughly 7 maybe about 6
let's just be honest very happy very
excited about it on you know it's nice
it's nice if a little change every once
a while feel refresh I got a wedding to
go due tomorrow so it's nice to have
nice and healthy clean in here clean
here that's a weird I shouldn't say
clean there was a little big joy I
remember this breaking I can apply some
drugs
we're a little scared scared yeah
all day stricter walking for the cars
okay all this pretty r are you Frankie
spirits great yet not officials are not
legally excellent
not yet we got to get it we need to end
it up as it's about the signet ring yeah
other good shot for evil high in the
trees this time
more exam what about I said we're about
his legs take him he's gotta go inside
keep them in there
she loves it even though she's just got
a bath she's I gotta really camera roll
around in this craft and in the dirt
you're just gonna have to give me
another bath I'm naming care
oh yeah that's also glued even though we
just gave you a bath you're so good
rolling around in the dirt they just
love being out here I think it's like 94
degrees out something in those words so
it's pretty hot outside Diesel he cannot
come outside he has to go inside I love
the hotness not everybody does but I
love it so so nice so char up so you
guys can see charts on here she left for
college show coming back tomorrow which
is really nice one of those things were
quite sucks because it's so short that
you're literally on a plane you go play
jump back on a plane and get home but
that also has the fits to because you're
not gone for long but I the traveling is
just got to be atrocious for him and for
the entire band so I can't even imagine
but I'm happy that he goes away for a
little wait that's what he has students
and he can come right back home and he's
not like stuck there for the entire
weekend trying to figure out what he
wants to do because yeah so no fun my
cousin came and picked up those pallets
that we used for our wedding for our
photo booth and I tried to remake a
different kind of sign for him and his
fiancee and gave them some new props and
made them all this stuff and let them
borrow with the walls which I'm so happy
that we're putting that to good use
because he was just sitting there so
they're using that it's gonna be a
really nice and casual wedding and I
like that I kind of wish relisted that
where our wedding is a little bit more
casual where you didn't have to dress up
and it was just like really laid-back I
felt it was laid-back but I mean I could
have had him more laid back I would have
been totally cool with that but there's
going to be pretty nice and lay back
it's going to be at a church and then
it's going to be outside at their
friend's house that's like on a bunch of
the land so I think it's gonna be really
cool I was very very very pretty
lots of dancing lots of fun I love
wedding they're blessed i 100% remember
this place where trav and I were going
on top of this thing even though we
weren't supposed to find the day number
guys so I can send it to Frankie so he
doesn't think I'm a
I hire as you really do sound singer I'm
very calm I put the Halloween stuff up
there I did that
why would they do it
it was me no I just thought it'd be
funny so we were a bunch of dorks and we
just flying our drone around campus
that's what we do now now we just right
through all this I dare you to five is
that how to do this I through I did it
in the rave and I'd be late in the other
show it was you done Frankie I've only
had two like we could do the obstacle
course I will take you on in the tree
dance party yes I know you are you're
too good of a dancer you are you're
active even know jack is a really good
dancer actually oh we're here
we give bite right there but we use a
spy right here I kinda want to go see
what's in here for this the end breaking
a pillar the last one this is where I
was broke my man yeah this is the one I
was broke my neck on yeah right here
all right so Cali Cali UV or he's it
what everyone's home and I are going to
try to do the opposite before it mind
you last time we did this
I almost at my neck and I fell off the
slide so place your bets right now in
the comments if levy or myself are going
to win he's gonna win for sure
Mattie are my MTV flu
how do I give again
a lot and I fear for them to hatch now
that was so much fun emotionally
pregnant a pain to my belt buckle
because I'll go and peeping one two
three all right I tell miss in there so
put the helmet on as well
all right so this one which I was boxing
but it's but boxing you want to clean it
one more time right so what you do is
you put on the suit and nudity you're
trying to knock out the opponent with
your bike so the first one roll on the
floor with the but deliver green I'm
currently sign my life away because
right I might hurt right Sally
laughing the face again all right so I'm
in the bank live in the face
so I'll just bring up the wall but this
is Baba's with Samir to say I've ever
hurt me you were so so good so now get
in there get in there start blocking
no later than the bed is if imatra the
overall
ready set go
Varrick
the winner easy shut up Frankie there's
no way no way got a little town where he
went
can't you tell no what did you just say
right now he just said a name I said cuz
it here now haha to be fair the first
person to go down was that Angus look
for the body play right away pool ww you
like boxing hurts less love you oh love
love love love all the way all right so
it's one to one one to one or we got to
do down here like keep it up here come
that down and you go back uni
everything's back turn okay when it's
high breaker right now tally won that
one I apparently won the but one which
is a weird one oh not just figure by I
won I guess run up there hit the top one
with this come all the way back down go
back up back down whoever its first get
the smack in the face
oh not easy no I know but everybody
there looking like Yoda isn't very hard
sorry Cass what does it take to do
really good hahaha
Oh Mike it's so degrading that's the
worst part about it it's not let me slap
you in the face
like you lose and then you get smacked
in the face
good job Callie we have to go to one of
those places that has 100 of them you
like one of those big well Ali got a
bounce house at the house just rent a
bunch of them forget it don't came to
spread your flower yeah actually she put
you do that I call go in there just like
just like Charles is waiting demand one
of everything what would you say
just to give you plain this minion to
say yes no I said that I've never had
you asked to dress nicely wait wait good
are you obligated to let him have a card
do you really have to let him have one
no okay now you can charge him right
Chuck how much cash you have in your
pocket man so for the fourth game are
wing-eating contest oh dang Lou that's
life y'all give me a bite oh oh
cats break you want one I'm good or not
agree yes what the Wang Wang you're
gonna get deny yes say no say no say no
I gotta stick to fun Fat City
do the part of the best things here but
they're just the worst to eat never SAS
guys never sat well that's one way to
celebrate the day we chemically show it
these windows like back up things
there's no way I'm not going to go on
there this oneself a good idea got a
melody to Funkytown I used to know that
the number is five five four two five
two five two eight seven five we get off
on Google legs search 5 5 4 to 5 that is
2 5 875 kind of sounds like it was it
it's 5 5 4 to 5 5 5 yeah is that
business at 5 5 45 yeah then it's 2 5
point 4 2 5
yeah there's 5 5 4 2 5 5 5 4 2 5 then 2
5 8 7 9 5 8 7 5 and in paradise it
should be like I think I could cook
normal I know how pretty sure it's good
how could address wrong
what up so there's one cheese hold and I
have no idea I'm sure you guys do
nobody's possibly are
I'm afraid of something going on sunsets
going down so I wanted to get nice
little drone shot of the sunspot I think
that's one of my favorite things is
flying the drone just when the sun's
going down she cooks ago we had a nice
little day shot but now I want to make
sure I feel like every once in a while I
like stepping up our game and doing some
little like cinematic stuff I did it
just makes videos I think just more
enjoyable to watch just something new
blur a afraid
Oh
some say having a drone is really cool
for the aerial shot I just stay on a hot
day or hot night I got to do is just
take the drone right above your head
it goes awesome
normal when you guys got chance I'll
gather the call typing all right now
we're getting restless
ha ha ha
mmm
well guys it's time to take a night
awesome show kind of room then I wake up
in the next couple hours just all over
again tomorrow actually tomorrow morning
actually tomorrow morning tomorrow
afternoon tomorrow day I should say I'm
losing my mind is to hold day you can
get rid of Tuesday in tomorrow tomorrow
I'll gag it was a subtext
tomorrow is Ally's cousin's wedding so
I'm going to get off the plane try to
shower and then go straight to a wedding
so three a fun day I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
you
