I'm really sorry I'm really sorry about
it it was fun just anyway a little
heart desires right next to that thing
of splashing is it surprise I got you a
treat that's right to go okay so we're
doing today guys what are we doing we're
going on a kayak whoo whoo you all right
a canoe or a kayak okay we're going to
see about possibly next time bring them
to pubs that's a pretty good one I want
to bring Zooey Marley a long time ago I
bought a boat on a canoe and it was the
most fun thing ever
deer oak I should've been grapes back
there somebody's got a vlog so we kind
of hold the camera stupid a GoPro
hey patty crab so we've been out here
for maybe about an hour and look at this
I'm already such a baby I've already cut
myself I've already had a blister I
shouldn't say cut myself
Ali Ali's carrying the team you know
Dallas gross head high fingers my thumb
or callus from playing bass that's about
it doesn't really help me here it's a
whole different callus as you guys
probably saw you can see straight to the
bottom and I was just telling Ali when
we're on our honeymoon like we're really
really really considering for Bora or
the Maldives and we were thinking about
like okay so we're in the lake of this
is like a river
what is this the ocean yes
this is like an inlay of what is it
called it's like an inlet of the ocean
so there are sharks I don't think
there's alligators his saltwater there
are things like crabs and we all know
crabs like the pinch me this is a fish
jump I was would be really cool what I
was saying is that like we're thinking
about they're in the home all be used in
Bora Bora thing and I was saying how
like we can see here and it's like kind
of murky but just to imagine how cool
and pretty it is to put see the very
bottom but like the ocean and be like
crystal-clear blue
there's a nice you take your job that I
mean I helped a little bit
somebody's got to operate the camera so
we only have the GoPro going isn't even
going supposed even go there goes now
wasn't even going okay so I take it back
I was not doing my job is fishy fishy
fishy every time we turn our head right
there every time we turn our head a fish
kills that one get it over there and
then watch one's going to go over there
and jump stupid fish Ali's obsessed with
doing the water shots so this is nice
this is definitely something we've been
wanting to do for a while we just never
got around to doing it so we really made
sure to do it this time I feel is we got
a big enough to knee we could have been
billion Marley cuz I remember Marley was
really funny to stay at the front is
your face within the front of the GoPro
if you don't remember
see I told you you loved it
Jeff on a great I'm glad we finally got
to do it we're talking about doing that
for the longest time
there's my oh my gosh rc1 yeah
like you know I don't have one dick as
well as by the way you're holding it and
it was like at the beginning I was using
it in between my thumb and I'm walking
there's my feet are really slippery hope
you guys enjoyed that nice little
tranquil ride through I want to save the
Everglades even though it wasn't let's
just say that cuz everyone believes
anything in Florida yeah well I just
think everyone has the everyone's got
this like like picture of Florida just
being Gators and Everglades so we're
just going to say that's the Everglades
even though it's 100% not I would love
because absolutely so much too many
alligators of it way too many alligators
having like kayaking izakaya I'm at that
point right there where if I peed my
pants which I had to go grab that really
bad no one would even know I probably
shouldn't say that out loud
finale is helping her cousins with the
Gilda the backdrop for a photo our photo
booth I put a good that thing that we
practiced that thing that we built an
ally totally crushed when I was on the
tour they want to use it so Ally's
personalizing it right now for them so
while she's doing that I'm going to help
her out we will pick up mr. D and bring
him back and then I'm going to go back
and I'm going to wash this car because
it's drive me frickin bonkers so
hopefully I you know like what
everything is dirty and then you clean
it it just feels so much better
that's what I'm hoping for right now all
right you ready ding dong ready to see
you mom go do this
14th at the car wash
now the big thing is I get all the damn
leaves they're stuck inside the hood
and after sometime just shiny it look
I'm quite proud so John and I were just
sitting here talking about this thing on
top of my head where Ally
the Tennessee tricked you guys she
tricked you guys as you actually April
Fool's up and of April she actually sent
me a screenshot of n she's like guess
what I did she technically got me to
because all I could see with a little
screenshot of any gun oh my god you cut
your hair and I'm like yep and then he's
like are you kidding well it looks
really good being really cuddly you're
hearing I'm like now and then anyhow I'm
looking back at it and try and I were
just talking about it I feel like I saw
you toyed with that idea I have really I
really thought about cutting my hair
doing something crazy drastic but I've
never I've never really jumped in to do
it
I'm never talked to him unless P okay
I've gone a little bit but we're talking
about it if I should do it or not if I
should really like cut my hair short
how are you get your opinion I mean a
lot of you I know I fooled you and I'm
really sorry I'm really sorry about it
it was funny a person she just wanted to
get an unbiased opinion because she
knows me I'm going to think everything's
beautiful yeah but she wanted to ask you
guys if she were to do that if it would
look good she's funny do you guys think
that it would be a good idea I've never
had I've never had my near the shore
tonight and I kind of like my long hair
because I feel like I'm a hippie kind of
I'm like a weird hippie like I'm not
fully of you but I feel like I love my
long hair because it makes me feel like
a mermaid and a hippie and I don't know
that makes no sense you guys even think
I feel like a complete and utter idiot
now I'm not describing it very what this
is telling you I know
please loving mom do you think that I
should do it you think I should jump in
full force and like put Buffy in the
water and start swimming deep down in
calais oh it's maybe there is like a
minute I'm just kidding we good thing do
you think that I should actually do it
so I cut my hair short should I really
cut it all off thing could be like a
level of it would just look really
mature I think message you're not mature
now I think it's like a very mature look
a lot of people tell me I look real
blaming know I think well before that
look Whaler than what I am old looking
right down there actually that's where a
lot of people told me I look a lot off
well it's that but I don't think it's
like thank you look it's more mature
more it's a more mature look I don't
know but what you guys think in a
comment section below let me know what
you guys think now you think that you'd
be excited to be back Khalifa city is
not that's not the case at all is it I
get to play my weird again I've missed
my toys so much I'm going to gather more
right here really good I'm doing you
need yeah yeah yeah whatever
diesel does my mom for like the past
week she likes to take him every so
often because of she know she has max
and Lola and Max is so cute so much fun
but he's a lot for Lola and Lola has a
lot of anxiety and for some strange
reason that crazy psycho dog over there
pawns Lola down and makes her feel so
much better plus my mom missed him a lot
so come on to him for a few days now we
got back I'm super excited can't tell
the girls are excited I think they get
used to not having rambunctious myths no
I take that back because Marley's pretty
crazy I think that Zoe gets used to
being like the calm one in the house and
like Marley can be semi calm but as soon
as diesel comes Marlene diesel are so
crazy it's just a lot for her to take on
so I can't really tell if Zoe's like
happy you said what a cool like there's
the light shining on to Zoe oh like an
angel
Oh
kind of on a VGA today obviously went to
do a really fun day so depressed well
because I will be lighted because it
makes my head sweat so I'm gonna be
legally dead
Olivia Domino's respond hours last time
we were here Ali took such a good photo
of feeding of donut the company broke
the photo and put it on their Instagram
Twitter everything yeah banana and your
that would you guys like great well I
think back when when I think there's
Marley well I don't think I'm walking on
head from out of different back please
ban when kind of a tend nobody knows
Who am I kidding you suck a little hello
no he doesn't care plan I'm moving on to
my Nick bass win this is what I deal
with and you guys think I'm crazy
well - I'm just getting I'm pure off'
eyeing my nose I hope you enjoyed
today's video it was a lot of fun I hope
you enjoyed the montage cinematic we try
to every time we try to do something we
always try to go the extra step and make
it look a little bit cooler than just
point and shoot
vlog style but I hope you guys enjoyed
it please don't forget to subscribe let
us know about Ally's hair I will see you
guys tomorrow as always actually in New
Jersey so I will say oh by the way
before I completely forget I think
there's like two or three weeks and then
we will see you guys at playlist live as
well so I think we have to meet I think
I sort of meet up on like Sunday and I
think I have a couple panels on Sunday I
will obviously let you guys know as soon
as I find more information in the
meantime I will see you guys have a
great night and I Jose that but I just
realized I've always said that and you
might be watching this during the day so
have a good day for us I'm going to bed
good I have two early flight tomorrow
alright see you guys
alright now I get to pull this and
purify - yeah hi
you
