well I did something a little crazy
today can you guess what it is good
morning guys
so as you can hear Zoey wants to go
outside I'm about to get going right now
because I have to go to Orlando for the
next couple days for something with we
the Kings and then I come home then I
have a show oh sorry so pick that up I
have a show in Jersey so Bristol this
week kind of little hectic but kind of
bummed right now I got to go to Orlando
but I mean the good thing is I'll get to
hang out with tribe Jani Kinsley and
Valentin and Danny possibly snacks so it
would be kind of nice to go up there I
just wish how they could come but she's
got to do a couple videos for channel
and get that taken care of but I will be
back so be kind of cool I'm doing this
now at 4:00 and then I'm doing one
tomorrow at noon so I can get it done
fast because then I have to drive home
and fly out the next day for Jersey for
that show a lot of traveling today
it'd be good for a day
it's only a day I love wonder the Sun
because it looks like they're just
giving me the stink-eye right now all
right though especially this one
the judgey face give me the judgy
squinty face why I oughta
all right give me judgey face Lily
Zoey give me the judgey face so you give
me judgey face not so much that was
judgy this one's just a doofus I love
her
I don't make you much this is my
beautiful beautiful wife are you looking
like a smurf what I'm down where's that
blue that's white that's plain it's blue
I feel like a white you sure a blue yeah
well it's like a it turns out different
I mean like Kinsley we're going to like
first put on it's like a pretty like
Thomas dude all right I got to get back
into the car and cut out
obviously long drive to Orlando I was
thinking because tomorrow I have to do
this began in a different place so I
didn't drive there and technically drive
back but my dad Travis's but I might
surprise Valley she doesn't think I'm
gonna come home for a couple days
and the only reason why I would say that
is I love surprising Aly a and B I'm
going to be leaving this weekend as well
so I kind of don't want to be gone for
several days I don't have to condemn
excuse and at any rate subscribe done so
whatever I decide to do it still sucks
oh by the way I found out what let me
screwed up with a channel of it I don't
know if it's entire issue but a lot of
people were saying no they have been
able student videos just restricted I
have a phone call later today with
YouTube apparently if restricted mode is
on our videos for some stupid reason do
not show up
which is weird glad you let me have some
of the cleanest cleanest videos like
even when we cut I bleep them out so I
basically can have TV standards so I
don't really know what's going on with
that what I should figure it out so
right now look at the bottom of YouTube
yeah I don't want to do it on mobile ad
rental desktop scroll all the way down
and we're just restricted mode and make
sure that it turned off otherwise you're
missing all of our videos a lot of other
vloggers
a lot of other video channels on YouTube
I don't get it
very very childish and I don't like it
but at the same time there so I just
want to make sure everyone turns that
off also I know notifications are kind
of going to a complete travel for a
while so make sure you know like you're
subscribed make sure you're subscribed
because a lot of people are getting
unsubscribes I have another phone call
with that on top of everything and then
if you see there's a little bell and I'm
up this jingling too much but there's a
little gal next to subscribe button if
you click that gal it'll say email me
uploads like no one I upload the video
make sure that's turned on as well that
will definitely help any notifications
like that definitely helped a lot of
people either tweet me or in the
comments I've seen I took a bunch of
screenshots with all those comments of
you guys saying that you guys get on
subscribed I sent that to YouTube when I
talked to him today about the restricted
section like I've been doing this for 12
years I'm never surprised about what
what happens like boy glitch or what
like road block actually happens I'm not
surprised
this is frustrating I've probably seen
it all
the removal of the Browse feature which
to me is the biggest bummer that's how I
found a lot of viral videos I actually
see the thing it says that I make videos
online for a living but I have hardly
any time daily video sing a lot to like
sit down and watch videos I don't we
call it a find viral videos anymore
because that's how it was not a problem
now I have to just kind of wait for
somebody to tweet or something like that
or I just stumble upon it kind of sucks
but kind of changing I hope this wasn't
inkling I came jingling along right now
but it's hard look like the Roswell
selfie
well I did something a little crazy
today can I guess what it is Trajan
think I really got on my hair oh did you
I did count like five inches off but
come on I didn't cut that much out don't
get ahead of yourself
it's it up I'm interested in like any
like that much but hey I had you guys
fooled a little bit dinner sorry I'm
sorry I know I mean I was I don't mean
to me Nozomi to me but I was just I saw
it in like wow I should probably go back
and get my hair felt a little bit more
instead of trick you guys I decide try
cute just a little bit it doesn't look
like gibbering it's fine I got as much
different to you guys but it feels so
much different to me and I love it
I feel like ten pounds lighter my hair
was like down to here and I cut all that
off and it feels so good I am the type
of person like even a little less change
really can make me feel better fact like
I'm in a rut and recently I feel like
I've been like in a little bit of a funk
for usually I do get haircut or I do
something a little bit different
nothing too crazy but this was
definitely dramatic enough for me new
hair feeling great so yeah good news
bad news good news I just got a
notification it's got to call my camera
is dick so I gotta go pick that up bad
news is I'm about to pee my pants I
drank this thing of water and this thing
of water sign up the smartest thing to
deal with it so I've but actually one of
the classic you guys I've been using
this camera let me show you using this
camera can see it it's the g9x
which you would think would be better
than 7x - because it's done and not but
I did want to ask that you notice much
of a quality difference in this camera
the other because it good to exact up
camera and I honestly like to call it
like I like the style look at this
because it looks so much score but I
don't know it looks that it does both in
24 frames per second so both of that
this one doesn't do anything
has the original reason why I stopped
using this one would be different using
60 frames per second but lately we've
gone back to 24 frames to give
that's kinematic look I think that's
like the 20 for a lot better it's not
really up to me it's up to you guys see
what you guys your preference I don't
know if you guys can tell the difference
between 16 24 if you had one of whatever
is your favorite definitely let me know
in the comments your decisions help
affect what I do so if you guys like a
certain thing I generally try to do my
best
make sure you guys are happy to my power
one thing I have waiting for is 4k and I
know the sony RX of things 100 or
something like that 4k but we try to be
more the vlog the lighting sucks
some parts doing a good photography
camera because it worked for vlog but
like I said it's up to you guys so
please love email well good news I
filmed all the promotional stuff for the
band and stead of having to drive back
up or stay up here in Orlando we got
smart and we hit it all in one day so I
get to go home a day early surprised
Alex she has no idea and just be home in
my own bed so it's going to be kind of
nice wait which way do I go
oriane itself it was on there swings
alright
the only crappy thing is obviously been
in the car for like 7 hours alright
though the Mickey here
funny thing about those power lines or
the power line thing I should say is my
sister every time we go through Orlando
specifically go to Disney my sister and
I would always have a contest and my mom
I have a contest to see who can spot
that power line first
it's weird I know just kind of like what
we did for some reason or another my
sister still doesn't she still has the
competition and by the way she won every
single time because I would not be
paying attention at all
I still don't pay attention a lot of
driving I see it when I'm not driving
don't spin so I just talked to Ali and
told her I had to go to Trav's to do a
couple more things until I threw off my
sense I'm squeaky squeaky ha ha ha he
doesn't even suspect the thing I like
being a teen son I like surprising
people so I don't like being surprised
it's kind of like with presents and
gifts I don't like like receiving gifts
but I love giving them it's just I feel
awkward or still I can't be alone what
do you guys are you the type of people
that can receive gifts or feel super
awkward
keeping the only one let me know in the
comments guys are you the type of people
that are kind of feel awkward without
receiving gifts what you love giving
them kind of like like I said I've been
like that forever just I feel like
uncomfortable like I know a lot of
people who spend some time and thought
and effort but I just kind of feel
uncomfortable like I'd rather surprise
somebody else I hate like I said I hate
surprises
and I know I'm not the only one that
hates surprises but love surprising
people it's kind of hypocritical right
now but still
son it's find a little bit of skyline
that Tampa has I don't know if you can
see that in circle one right there we've
ever seen the movie The Punisher the
first one that is a movie
I think it's focused like the features
we create any time I have eaten dinner
huh I have eaten dinner
have yes I have eaten dinner what are
you even make sure this pretty much why
are you worried about me I always do
Kiki I only get I only forget to eat
sometime huh
not every time I remembered you today
you look at I remembered how did you
Lily it's only when I have a lot of
things to do that I forget what are you
doing tonight
nothing I'm going to be for every game
yet okay
that's I'm boring
no should I watch you just send an
unlisted video game I do that but a pop
up on my channel yeah it should be under
your my videos word to the wise people
do not show up in the middle of the
night and scare your wife half to death
Charles thinks it's really funny I
literally was so scared
here's Creek and angle in the world
what are you done playing seriously G
games video games I'm so busy games
what's the good you game oh yeah game
with EJ wasn't simply a typical day in
the life of Charles are driving so
freaking long are you have you take the
living who bianna me it's so bad I
scared you but I'm kind of happy at home
I'm very happy you're home I'm pleased
exile okay I'm not happy that you scared
me I got me blown off next time I'll
patch it from the sky no maybe you
should just call and let me know you're
on your way here I feel like that just
keeps the curtain here's the thing
anything before sunset I'm pretty cool
it's after sunset I was literally the
Sun went down I was going to be home
tonight it went down I know to go down
it went down and when Dad went down I
feel bad I love you I just got scared I
know it always scary Rick I really like
I really I don't know why I thought that
was like a car outside and just it did I
just saw it
maybe turn the lights off I mean I just
haven't heard other mom things I can't
figure out how to turn I don't know how
to turn our lights off yeah I don't so
that's why I was trying to do is try to
turn the lights off so you wouldn't feel
great it was like I saw a red light in
up Oh
another cooler late do tomorrow get her
mama no I don't know I don't know I on
we thought of the words but you dirty he
just scared me really I love you oh I'm
sorry I'm glad I came home come on give
me a jealous I'm next to mom get a big
nose were jealous no he's just taking up
the entire side of the bed really worth
Simpsons friends she's my system buddy
ship doctor that would come to ward off
you barriers even buddy
okay that's cross again
you
