God me stupid nature alleys getting
ready to shoot some videos for channel
right now and Marley just wants me in
all the shots eh see well technically
that is completely true ah we gotta get
her close up there very close up how you
feeling after all that candy isn't
feeling too good actually if you didn't
see what happened yesterday go check out
yesterday's video
Marley decided to get into the are you
in the shower what are you doing in here
you wanna go to the beach yeah basically
Marley decided to jump on my desk and
get yeah you get my Easter basket give
me a fun minute
actually our Nate we were actually got
this for a neighbor the little
eight-year-old next door so she she took
our neighbor's candy you're such a
biatch yes you are
let's go to the beach we're gonna go to
the beach okay everyone we're dum-dum
okay she's in there get up there we go
Oh later
here we go it's such a beautiful day I
haven't been to the beach since I got
home
I just got to go I just got to go I
don't care it's just so beautiful
it'd be a shame I live so close here's a
bar bar expose me in the front seat bro
so I could complete moron and the rush
to get out of the house I forgot the dog
leash that's why I have to carry this
nincompoop
luckily Zoey is smart and she listens
come on keep walking
actually you might actually listen now
I'm so dumb
come on let's go to the beach it's so
close
Billy did great friends with everybody
here Marley keeps hanging out next time
aliens will need to come you know what I
haven't seen this Finland goes to a
minute speech had to be actually really
funny little button I don't know if you
could see easily in the background she's
sold out so today I have been doing oh
I've been trying to so much few things
for my channel and honestly cupboards
call working on those emails I have not
left the house you wanna know where I've
gone back there and I think I went out
and got the mail today but besides that
I haven't really left this spot I've
been on the computer non-stop all day
char's very lucky and the opportunity to
go into dogs to the beach I'm quite
jealous right now do you ever like it
where your eyes it's super you get like
super glossed over and almost dry
glossed over dry on other like goes
together but anyways to the point where
it's like you you feel like you're
seeing double because you've been
staring at a computer for too long
that's this girl right now I'm hoping
the same targets back hopefully won't be
too late because I actually have to make
a few things for my cousin's wedding
this Saturday so I have to go to the
store tonight to do that audience
that today it is Tuesday tomorrow's
Wednesday that's kind of crazy
so I got to get this stuff figured out
my area to figure it out real quick cuz
I'm in some trouble do this
come on bro come on watch the gun got
this
let me bro Lily I think it's just
thinking she's our Marlee does not like
it that I'm a Lia as you can see he
keeps trying to rescue me what are you
gonna do once you catch me mark I don't
think you thought this through you know
yeah
thank you take a break oh well take a
little break you go I just keep going
I needed this need to just go to the
beach a little bit Allie's doing all her
videos for her channel right now and I
figured this would be a nice thing to
get some sunshine go in the water and
the dogs get nice and tired
meantime Billy wants nothing to do with
me right now she's in that adolescent
stage where I'm not cool I guess
she's walking away go and hang out with
other people
feel like I just got sold out Marv used
to like me okay
finally you wanna go back in
I feel like this entire trip doesn't
maintain
Billy come on how are you listening more
than Zoe right now this is ridiculous
and kind of keep it down yo if you make
it so many friends aren't you
I like greener to the beach a lot
visible hits like you know think really
good first make some buoyancy off I'll
use gonna lay right there that's pretty
damn cute
this is actually really funny to me the
differences between the two dogs what
you want to be in the shop more you want
the attention you have to stand all over
your face again what is it that the joke
by Kevin James like ice cream the same
about if a great white touches me or if
I settle on a piece of seaweed
nothing is ever wrong true as in that
statement she's still coming come on
Marley we got this where you going you
came out here now you don't know where
you want Rick you want trouble okay you
don't have to kill my whole shit no
happen good you can just hold on Rick
the last sip would fancy leave freaking
me out sand dollar actually 75 cents I
should say
those are the craziest coolest fucking
things like a real fight more I think
I'm in the one just okay I'm not putting
my hands down there anymore
think of the crap I think it's got
pinched God me stupid nature I can see
why Marley does want to do this now
dared be done yet come on let's go so
much you gonna let me drown oh god what
I keep stepping in little murky this
water is see this is why Ally and I want
to like try to try to because it's like
one of the things I've always wanted to
go to here's comes is go to Bora Bora or
the Maldives just because like this is
the water I'm used to look at this is
disgusting can't see anything and
there's a crystal blue water crystal
clear I should say almost like it's
spring you're killing it Mar you're
killing it
goes in the water as you can tell a
little bit tired probably down there
this is I've put a nice and tired which
is perfect if the sun's going down here
we get back home get some dinner and
just I love today pays off these bananas
must be freaking good I've never seen it
so empty
get a couple bananas
banana testing that's not important I'm
reaching on that one
I'm totally reaching here is birthday
candle why do we get this plays music
continuously when lit you really dropped
the ball I mean you got a bounce house
the big biggest candles a damn silly
coming for you I'm coming for you
gotcha so we went to go to the grocery
store this is where Zoey was we came
back this was OE exact same sound more
into the back is that your sack you got
a big old sack there I don't know that's
physically possible like she literally
was just like consuming her coming for
you
now watch me walk now watch me - I
should say no hearing - now can we do
now walk me block to the star I'll open
it up it's like a grocery store I just
when I got the cream I've got that I
love it okay I admit aim pop never had
that like get cabin fever cabin fever I
got some ninja powers well you got your
video is done I'm working I don't this
is not good
sound so work videos email but today
just beat you up nice everything good
y'all feelin you song feel like Isis um
south of heaven by Slayer Oh wrecking
ball take on me aha good luck with that
one
you'll never hit that note I was the key
can hit any more like a rock hammer
please
please please no don't hurt me please
are we oh god I'm so scared
honey you're on my hair in her roofing
um ha ha ha Oh for me
alright guys we're gonna head off to bed
this guy's gotta leave in the morning
get away from me I have a kid no all
right we are gonna go to bed I'm gonna
try and get Charles to leave me alone
hope you guys enjoy a little bit of a
little devil Bueller no problem no dice
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video if
you guys are brand new please do not
forget to hit that subscribe button
as always we'll see you guys tomorrow
alright guys the night cut he's so
annoying how do I have
duck with me thank God he's gonna
Orlando tomorrow duck with me you have
like a sad flock of seagulls going on
right now my dog I run so far away
couldn't get away
you
