this is a good sign up today for Casey
lock this flight because you locked it
in even just Mickey's lock display I
know I think I'm actually getting matted
you ran into each style display I got to
show you this but if you blink you
totally miss this terminal
that's the terminal and then that's the
end literally that's it and this is all
you can eat here for Danny as enjoying
his breakfast and for breakfast I'm
having to lunch at the 10 year old
success where you got the pizza one is
that the cracker one that's a little
more nutritious more more it's more
nutritious than crackers and baked ham
and cheese so now you gotta at least
take flour make pepperoni
oh you just spent $10 to leave that
little piece of cheese when you like you
oh here we go
it's only smaller ever ever been flying
Airport and Huntington Beach Sarasota
bigger than this place it's kind of
graded on the whole
Oh
we're going down the key terminal and
it's off the little girl sort of sat
screaming we heard like going up the
escalator as we're going down different
anyhow Callie and I going to our thermal
little green home as
and we actually help I had no idea that
I'm not Uruguayan excellent
yes Sally's by the way doing me a huge
favor by caring big as we pleased with
it if I can't do it did I threaten and
fall a break
keep on your back towards me I have to
think that bit of workshop like I think
of the clear just by your front door
peacefully for your change comes an
Italian oh god I feel it I feel it
as you can see probably home a nice long
handle bloating the heat we have no room
to put my buddy back in my backpack
Christmas drama in my clothes Phaedra
will break up what I love it was
freezing in New York and we're worthless
Cleveland was freezing so I'm soaking up
right now I know I got you
I love you back where I work out Marlon
get your house morning oh that is much
all the sensors are going up and created
me apparently a bunch of birds shat all
over my car so this is awesome like car
wash place things were cheap
I got a monthly subscription not weird
today
to a car wash plate he's apparently
urged like the on a car while
at all
you
he's riding her bike over to Caitlyn's
house right now and she wanted to use
the GoPro what you obviously are
probably seeing right now in the vlog
but she asked me about that she was
asking for the amount that I used for
the paintball game which obviously is a
bike mount not a paintball gun mount and
I was going through this crazy mess of a
thing while my GoPro stuff and in the
midst of all this I have to show you
guys this is crazy you know I love
technology obviously guys know I love
technology because I have out every
iPhone
apparently I have ever dope ro2 over the
years of having GoPros I just have to
show you this look all clunky view
things are look at this little big and
clunky there so here's the GoPro one
here's the two which is pretty much
identical they do actually no yeah it's
of identical and then this is the
there's those and then this is the brand
new one the five I just love seeing how
technology and how much do things evolve
and things like that just to show you
because I thought it was fascinating and
you know what the best thing is I can't
really find I thought I want to boot up
right now the quality difference between
this and this has got to be insane I'm
sure if you look at the old school vlogs
you pretty much could tell you know
entirely immediately I don't know if
this one does HD but I don't know I just
wanted to show you guys this because I
love finding old stuff like old cameras
in fact I have in this little case I
have a crapload of old oh this is I
think the first vlogging camera right
here that's the first one of the CTFxC
when I switched over to the canons you
know for the longest time I think a lot
of people were vlogging with like flip
cams and then in New York City I went to
be an H photo video and I got this
little sucker instead of vlogging with
this and it completely changed the game
of vlogging at least for me and if you
pan up we got nice little 7d some old
like little polaroid cube so I used back
in the day for when I did the thousand
roses I want to call it a prank I guess
a surprise with Ali but right now this
is going to be the fun part I want to
organize this somehow I think I'm just
going to
rip it all together so my my
organization is this week putting them
in Ziploc bags so I made its Caitlin
thank goodness look at my back this is
really gross this is really gross and
you might judge me but it's okay cut
aback that god I see my my gross shirt
and let me get in the Sun can you see
else what I am yeah that's all nice max
wet but it was like about 4.5 miles from
my house Caitlyn's house so it's a nice
little ride
and I think it'll be nice going back
thankfully there are no Hills where we
live so I was in luck how's your
birthday had fun
tired yep no one is hurting really well
Tom's hurting a little bit today
everyone jumped in that bounce house so
much last night have left livin hurt
like that that's I'm sore for some
reason dose or immediately under a
doctor well Kelly did throw up all right
action you guys woke up Lexi flu do you
remember that those one of why's doing
Marley was freaking out at the pharmacy
and I completely forgot they had dog
treats there I think I was like hey if
you want a dog treat please never got
but apparently Marley knows she does
that whole like cutesy face I was
getting both legs remember when they
tore that house down they're already
starting the construction of the new on
this watched Kate owns a birthday video
that's what I want to call it from
yesterday
remember she had a really good birthday
is a really really good time I was
coherent ill coherent my guess is
probably am at work to you Robert off
the helmet as into the very
arian guy literally remember everything
up until right before you went home up
to go tom
we got her an uber and she went home
because she she knew she was like all
right something on it when I'm drunk and
I'm ready to go
I just ran tired I want to go home I
wanted to walk entire Thomas knows yep
and I was telling Ellen it's so funny
cuz she was going through these emotions
kind of like oh I don't feel good I want
to go home and then right afterwards she
was laughing she was like wow it's crazy
a good way to start your 29th year
definitely awesome we're definitely
getting another bounce house for sure
it's to abide I cleaned all deeply
you're very much kitty can't I play
yesterday George I would have done
yesterday over today Jay and I are just
sitting out by the water tower I believe
it's at home just resting up but we are
truly taking advantage of the lazy
Sunday thing that everybody sometimes no
Sunday Funday here well maybe this is my
Sunday Sunday relaxation
I like relaxation Sunday's in here yeah
I tell myself good no I can't
are they good if you bring him outside
yeah so Caitlin the old cat Lincoln I'll
hang on there char it's all asleep right
now this is perfect perfect her saying
earlier risk Alan had another Bingle cat
bangles jingle why do I have problems
saying that for some reason to cut out
yeah
Oh Lincoln used to swim in her bathtub
like they would fill the tub I loved the
bathtub until Tom folded up away and
dropped him in there he could have just
a lot on that time and he was not having
it he I don't think you ever won go back
in unless water was just really well for
a while he liked it and which is not
normal for cats but I guess the Bengal
cats and like the hybrid cats seem to
like water
what a jerk up he didn't prance around
the necks no it's so cute are like
family cat we had two family house we
had tiger and clone time for a long time
and we had lit yet we had once we were
younger but tiger like Clementine hid
from everybody you never saw Clementine
I mean he he barely even came out to eat
and if you dedicate Monte and he ran
right back to wherever it's not I was
like I saw maybe sometimes he doesn't
yell I know we had him for years and we
barely thought was she it was ashamed I
kept Oh Tiger Tiger was a male but Tiger
Tiger was just a fatty he was a big old
fat cat he was probably like what 25
times huge he definitely didn't film it
into anything
interesting he just he ate and he ate so
much he even would eat the dog food
basically walk up to them and eat out of
their bowl no problem he was so big his
stomach like drug on the floor actually
will come up I feel kind of bad this one
right here
right here she jumped all over me as
soon as they walked in the door because
she was like mom with hell have you been
I like it when you leave protected your
dad I'm not too often that we just like
sit around you know like citroen house
or sit around time do nothing usually
we're calming and I'm doing the move you
don't want to keep it energy you want to
entertain yourself and today we were
just like you know what screw it we're
going to just kind of take it easy run
nice bike ride I know this gentleman
obviously cars really taking it easy but
it's a nice change of pace
I'm like really enjoying the park of
kicking today we're just kind of chilled
okay so here's what happened I was
sitting here and I was just kind of
chilling because they came the house
after giving medication and from what I
remember I just sat here asking the
Google home thing questions I was like
hey Google what do you think of Alexa I
acted cool blue line rock we here in
Indy this car was so I just literally
laying there asking questions until I
fell asleep was very weird that I woke
up thinking the what was Terminator what
is it called a Skynet I thought Skynet
happened because I was yes and then
umbrella corpus resident evil I think no
Skynet is my first drone that's what you
might be thinking about mm-hmm I
honestly thought Skynet happened in my
dream because I guess this is because
the Google home was so intelligent it
was this answering every question I had
was another question hey Google what is
your favorite movie one of my favorite
movies is short token it was so
beautiful when the robot came to life
see that's the kind of answers it was
giving me it's a good movie but it was
giving me these answers and I literally
fell asleep thinking that happened it
was very creepy and now when Ali woke me
up I'm a little disoriented but other
side will go
at least I didn't realize it's like 9:30
at night right now good grief
yeah I needed I needed to sleep
truthfully guys know every time I go on
the road for these little mini slide
aches it just kills me because I get
like maybe two hours of sleep and like
72 hours just because you go so long and
when you have to school you can't really
do anything cuz you're doing
meet-and-greets
and there are there is downtime but
usually you guys you saw where we are
we're usually in this room or there's
very little places to sleep and people
are coming in and out and now and just
messing with you you see how like we
were messing with poor poor Colin when
he was sleeping in his tongues out and
Frankie and I took an envelope and
filled the envelope with tongue all
right guys I did fill my envelope here
oh sweet don't mind me it's gonna thank
you we're good to go
I think that's exactly what I'm saying
is like I'm definitely not innocent but
I'm not innocent but at the same time I
know that would happen to me so I gotta
keep on guard the entire time yeah he's
just like oh thanks mo of sun-ok Colin
was so disoriented I usually help
Frankie was like oh cool cool cool cool
gone yeah cause um cause the monster
he's probably one of the hardest working
people I'd ever met
all the trying to say is Skynet happened
in my dream and it was terrifying right
can we switch bread that's weird
cleaning up all up a gang Charles
for being this is your backpack
that's your computer that's your cup
that's your sunglasses woman those are
your flowers
those are your keys this is all you
honey this is the only thing that's mine
right now is my medication my cellphone
flaming on me this is your candle
your turd er I would I win I win
