good morning guys okay so today is the
day we leave for New Zealand and I don't
feel ready even though I packed so much
last couple days I just don't feel ready
it's I don't want to leave it's every
time for tour I get really excited up
until the day and then I'm like I don't
want to go right now is that a
bachelorette party I believe it is or a
shower bachelor hour or baby shower or
that's called so I gotta just get things
taken care of so when she comes back I
can drive all of our land oh the reason
why I'm going to Orlando is because
there's a direct flight to LA so I get
the bypass crappy old Atlanta because
I've been there way too long it's like
my second home and I don't want to go
there and the least about the planes the
better all right so I'm gonna upload
this take a shower get ready Oh guys you
want to see a little tip and trick if
you're traveling with a lot of stuff you
sure you really quick and then I'll show
ya we should the cat doesn't go out what
you do first off so you can get this
inside I'm just gonna put this down dog
over don't worry something okay so I'm
traveling with two bases which is pretty
normal rather than paying for two
different like bags this is this is a
little trick tape them together and it's
one giant thing you might have to pay an
overage thing but it's cheaper been
doing this quite a long time I actually
I think I'm very close to being a
million miler which is I'm Way too young
to get even closer to it but it's like I
was saying earlier I just I don't want
to go I just I mean I do but at the same
time I'm gonna miss being home but then
when I'm home you know it's fun to play
shows so it's definitely a catch-22 but
I'm gonna miss you I'm gonna miss you
you and that little ear over there
just barely okay this one has wheels so
it's their young let me do it before in
the past you want to do there we go
you ready
all right look at that beautiful mess
now I got to get it totally wait Oh
Hawaii I was like wait is this from last
time
I gotta get this approved by calling now
all right so at least I did this
no it's duct tape and it's on wheels I
didn't screw up on that one that's a
positive thing okay now to get
everything in the car I hate putting all
the gear in this car because I don't
want to ruin it
we're definitely not putting it in the
new car that's for sure not gonna do
that
not quite yet we're also gonna try to
keep dogs out of the car we're gonna see
how long that lasts
perfect timing so I just got back from a
beautiful like absolutely beautiful
bridal shower for my friend Lindsey but
now I have to take Charles to the
airport to leave for like three weeks so
much that I'm like excited for him
because I really am I'm so excited for
him and I know that they have been like
looking forward to this trip it makes me
so sad just because I miss him so much
you know I already miss him I mean it's
it gets so crazy like being everyone by
myself with the dogs as much as we like
appreciate the time apart it's also one
of those things like as much as I'm like
excited for him because I really am I'm
so excited for him and I know that they
have been like looking forward to this
trip it makes me so sad just because I
miss him so much you know I already miss
him I mean it's it gets so crazy like
being everyone by myself with the dogs
as much as we like appreciate the time
apart it's also one of those things like
no it's tough like when you're with
somebody all the time and then they're
gone so it's gonna be interesting but
I'm so excited for him and I know he's
gonna have a great time and I know he's
ending with all the guys and the stuff's
gonna be happening in the next couple of
weeks so make sure you stay tuned are
you ready
well
yes very funny I know you can fuzz on
you can't believe I got everything
packed I'm getting good at this you are
babe been good
okay so Ali and I were like you know
what you get a new car or once you see
something like it given what we're doing
the RV stuff all we saw was RVs I feel
like once you see it like the yellow car
gave to what you like start picking out
something you see it all the time anyway
so we're driving around looking at all
the cars Ali asked why they stopped me
making the Ford Bronco do you guys
remember that car it was like a truck
kind of it was a truck yeah like an El
Camino anyway so we were trying to
figure out how it was like why do you
think they stopped making that a total
random guess I was like maybe OJ Simpson
and I looked it up Oh Jay Simpson killed
the Ford Bronco they they killed the
Bronco after you know that whole car
chase and they made the expedition
now you know that was actually a good
question too we're all learning
something today
what else do you think about Saturn's
matter is completely gone I don't know
anyway so now we learn something about
the Bronco now you can tell your friends
about that quiz them I feel like I
should have been somebody on that one I
think they made a good choice because I
feel like this is so confusing this is
the first time I've ever flown out of
Orlando could be huge I think I said the
reason why I'm doing Orlando is so that
way I'm with everybody a and B so I have
a direct flight to LA I didn't actually
say that never mind
yes I did actually say that earlier it's
just probably a couple clips ago where's
the pork and the pork in the porky I
don't know by Terminal B that's Delta
yeah there's open
this is our nice little our little date
dinner just before I leave good old food
cord field foods got some pretty good
food board stuff well it's like there's
a hotel with great over there this is
actually the first time I think ever
that they have not actually flown out of
here and I did notice that they have
clear which is that thing would be to
just bypass everything so what do this
is a TSA PreCheck put in the next level
so basically on the steroids Palmisano
facility i want to miss this angle
that's rod
do I have to go you have to do are you
excited you guys are so chill right
there okay are you excited I'm gonna
call him Robert
he left I was the same Ali this is the
first full tour since we've been married
because the other one was in between
those habit or this is the first pool
actually never even a full course no
like next tour will be the first board
from the boardwalk full I'm tired I'm
very tired
Justin obviously they saw dropped off
char and I don't know it's weird because
it's been so long since I've had to drop
him off for tour that's been longer than
like two days because most of the time
that he was gone last year was for like
college shows which is typically like
literally a Friday - maybe a Sunday but
this way he's gonna be going
until I think it's February 15 16 the
first thing that we are gone from each
other and for a while and I'm so happy
for him but
but don't miss them it's hard sometimes
it gets really hard but I know he's out
there doing what he loves and I just
want to make sure he gets there safe
because it's such a long flight I don't
know if you guys know this but like
flying from Florida you typically have
to go from Florida to LA and then LA to
either New Zealand or Australia and when
I flew out there a couple years ago when
I got engaged I was like a twenty eight
hour flight and the reason was that I
had to stop in Atlanta and then stop in
LA and then I got to Australia and it's
a long long flight it's not terrible
though it's like it's a lot better than
I thought it would be but I know that
for the boys it's like they fly over
there they get there and then they go
right to work so I hope they would say
flight I hope they get a lot of rest and
I guess when I actually talk to him it's
gonna be a day ahead of today so it's
crazy it's gonna be crazy
I got off the plane this is Jose he has
Travis a nice name and here's the fun
part
look at this riding in style right
Jose I can drive right
I can drive right right if it wasn't
well to get lucky just raise a plate no
it's going yeah let's go
listen die hard this thing there's a
speed limit it's like a mile really
learning about right now is very good
you have to be very careful yeah that's
kind of crazy I didn't know that
alright guys I just really fast got to
upload it for my phone anyway we're
boarding up right now I'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to subscribe and
we'll see you New Zealand so Travis is
letting us hear the new record or part
of it all right good night guys
bye
