I'm going to work right now the work I
mean getting on a plane early and going
to play a show today we're playing I
thought it was Cleveland it's what it's
really actually called flatland no it's
called something else it's called rego
berra berra Ohio there Perigord Ohio so
I have a show today I leave my personal
uber driver this morning I feel like
your life is so exciting in comparison
I'm like yeah I'm the other wife that
works from home and gets a bunch of
done there's like laundry things just
the dishes that's not me that is not me
it's just me for like a couple of weeks
we're still trying to plan our honeymoon
we're gonna make it awesome I want to go
somewhere cool
I decided since everybody's sitting on a
plane all morning that I just discovered
you can walk this this is so much better
than the tram let's get on the plane
train a little bit
Linna which by the way how it had is
already air and he said that everything
is looking more normal for atlanta
normal for atlanta i did the quotes
wrong let's see if I can keep you guys
look at it totally went but at least I'm
stretched out my leg I feel I'm not
kidding I feel like I should stretch we
did paintball I'm like walking like I
don't know if you can tell by the way
and your shoes I'm like walking off
bowlegged and stiff sorry interesting
that stuff by the way totally beat them
totally beat them
right so we've lost Travis so we just
had that so we're trying as US I'm
waiting for this so I had them page
Travis we're just gonna seat you
remember to do it
Danny thinks that they drive fell asleep
in the back we're on the same flight
Orlando to Atlanta I got off but he was
way ahead of him plane wasn't on the
plane
didn't see him waited and then a bike
there's somebody passed out the bathroom
we have to close this down that's all
trap we don't know where he's that
always like right there on the plane
waiting for us nobody board in check and
I'll text you g7x broken didn't repair
shop so I have a temporary one hey Paul
exactly
I give up with so many security people
here today tribes this on his own it's
good
welcome thought I like to think that you
heard the page but you probably didn't
hear the page it's replacement for the
g7x because it's broken
paintball broke it be 9x9 you think it'd
be better but it's actually not
come on cannon voice is not fuzz in this
one starts screaming stuff you stole my
purse
Charles is gone there's one day left
until the birthday extravaganza
I've already started decorating a little
bit Caitlyn obviously knows about it
I started decorating what is how are you
doing she's just like sitting out there
I thought you had to go pee but no she's
like I'm just gonna I'm just gonna chill
outside I'm doing nothing I'm gonna run
and grab Caitlyn an outfit for tomorrow
because it's her birthday and you know
you want to always feel good on your
birthday and then I have to come back
home and get a few other things done for
the big event tomorrow that's gonna be
so much fun
are you excited yeah it feels like the
end of the world for you no good thank
God because I thought it was the other
day she was not very happy about turning
29 the other day
I'm gonna come back take these cute
little things for a walk and then I'm
gonna probably fall asleep super early
tonight I'm not even worried about it
you're the third person who's asked this
is the temporary one ball destroyed but
the sound kind of isn't perfect then the
quality of the video I just yeah you
guys can't see what it is it looks very
retro anyway Frankie and I got bored at
the hotel especially guys are so there I
mean the hotel University to see if
there's anything around here this is
like throw that he's got a drone now
launch the drone up that way we can see
what's around here I think it's super
sad if there's nothing around here no
work today
what no photos or video there we go
I'm totally flying the drone in here I
know I'm so fly in here
Oh arigato oh geez
let's close the door let's close that
door oh how do we get out maybe not
no okay
we're good what's it broke the bracelet
broke oh no man that sucks
I just flew off are the lights slowly
coming on did it right
Rison
on the camera my god I see where you
doing I'm afraid to throw it up there
and we lose it well there goes our fun
way to go
just falling down chords like a white
pink let's go fly the drones doing a pre
birthday dinner meal with this cow isn't
she's so loving as you get older you
just get so much more sweet Cain you
have any idea what I'm doing for your
birthday well yes okay can you have any
guesses as to what the special surprise
might be giving water something that
brings out maybe it's actually really
good
there might be a pony or donkey there
might even be a petting zoo Kaitlyn do
you think us three girls could eat all
of that sushi that's like the prettiest
plate of food I've ever seen Mike well
we're about to devour this so take your
bets now people do you think we can
complete all of us okay
this happened we have each every single
last piece of sushi on this plate I'm
pretty positive that was like close to
fifty pieces maybe it was close maybe
like 45 I'm still in 880 mode I don't
want to be in a team ode you know what
it also says judge Estelle says you
should calibrate you don't have to do
that anymore
you can hit a button there's a button on
the thing you know what you're spinning
yes it's been five more times I think
it's five more times all right what's
going here
would you do boy dude would you do you
little jerk
wait so is the controller first and the
drone first
now games
nice work work Kelly we're working right
now we're out here in Ohio can average
million is drone on the runway
nowhere near the airport nervous
you're good you're good
I think we should come back with the
most random things which does come back
with like lytic on patches stick of me
some chapstick a Hot Wheels car candy
dispenser a lantern random things one
pair of sunglasses how's that possible
yup no joke I love looking at this stuff
I see on TV oh yeah we have that one
which I don't know if I look very cool
but the box will arrive by golly it
works it works
Frankie you wanna try it all these are
so sad they work my nose oh how about a
birthday card birthday card for her one
for trash I want you I want you I want
your touch and your kiss and your love
oh my god on everything you are and we
are together give it to me we gotta find
Travis birthday card something really
really dumb fish over here see that's
that's his drone that's what he did we
had the drone wars that's a drone in
front of a seat that's Frankie's girl
they gave us a nice power to see that
we're in a vise Caravan I can't do that
baby I love you
I got I gotta go I gotta go play a show
I got it I gotta go baby I gotta go
Frankie's drone you got the super glue I
gotta hit the super glue baby I get the
guerrilla girl
all right I go please share I love you
oh I fix the couch every single time and
yeah yeah all it takes is one run across
and nothing is d'amore
I know yeah it's late I love you too
okay okay
Oh for heaven's sake there she goes nope
you won't get a picture but then you run
like a second you're gonna come back
tomorrow hey calm down calm down
crazy I'm gonna start setting up tonight
because I really don't want to have to
do it tomorrow pretty much only ten take
it easy tomorrow I'm feeling the effects
of doing lovey guard work finally my
back hurt but I don't think that I felt
like I had so much adrenaline rushing
through my body just because we had the
birthday party here yesterday no the
guard work it's just like I don't think
it really hit me and today I I had a
moment to slow down ever so slightly and
being that I got slowed down I can feel
it now all of my neck I sound like such
an old whiny pain in the ass that's
exactly what I sound like
but I kind of feel like it - my body's
hurting a real real badger obviously you
know I have this gargantuous just like
for mosquitoes and right now there's a
lot of them out so I wouldn't I got
citronella candles these are like
yardstick things you just obviously used
to come in your yard and you light them
and they smell pretty good they're kind
of like fruity and then I got these cute
little ones for 2.99 it's one of my
favorite candle company it's like I
actually did this on my channel called
DW home and I love their candles because
there are really cool jars and things of
that sort so they now have citronella
candles in there
they smell not just like citronella they
actually have quote unquote flavors or
scents and this one is tropical mango
it's the bomb diggity and I love it
so good Kaitlyn theme it's like I like
to say it's a tropical fiesta which
sounds weird doesn't really make sense
but Kaitlyn doesn't really make sense
our relationship really doesn't make
sense that's why I'm doing it the way
that I'm doing it
I gotta show you guys what I started
doing outside I can't really tell right
now but I'm starting to decorate this
this is a fence that originally turned I
were gonna use when we did our food a
photo booth but I'm actually gonna flip
the sideways and painted for my mom but
she told me temporarily I can use it for
this backdrop and I'm starting to do
like a little photo booth backdrop and
then tomorrow what I'm gonna do is hook
up like a GoPro right here on this so
that it films the whole time when people
are taking photos no it's kind of corny
I'm kind of getting into this whole like
party planning thing my wedding stuff I
don't know if I told you guys this my
wedding photo booth my runners a lot of
props I used a lot of the things that I
use that I created with char for our
wedding
my cousin is going to be using for his
wedding which is next weekend and then I
actually am renting out my photo booth
and some of my props out to another
wedding and a couple in like two months
so I'm kind of getting back what I put
in and that's pretty amazing it's kind
of cool to see that these things that I
was so excited about I was kind of
worried that I'd be wasting money is
actually being put to good use so okay
thank you vendors for all help look at
this meal I don't know whose this is but
it looks like dog food well that was a
fun freakin show it's been a while since
we played a show so going back to the
hotel doing the same thing we always do
one of the hotel sleeping for a mild
couple hours then we're going to New
York I think it's just outside of
Manhattan it's called purchase New York
which is kind of fun to say we're going
I'm gonna go purchase New York well guys
this is the first in a very long time
I'm actually in the bed of the hotel
early early ish I should say I'm just
talking with my beautiful my beautiful
wife right now and saying goodnight
because usually in the chaoticness I
don't usually get that pace that much
and like I will just watch the Zoey be
cute where's Marley looking for food
always
oh ho there she is
she's been hard away at work for the
party tomorrow and I just wanted to say
it's always nice to when I can actually
say good night to you guys with her and
look it's like we're the same area but
we're not here the thousands of feet
away technology it's pretty amazing
anyway guys I just wanted to say good
night I hope you enjoyed today's video
earlier when I was talking to Ali on the
phone we were trying to prank her and
say that I crashed another drone but I
crashed it in the Frankie's drone and I
feel like I had you going for a little
bit not at all it's funny that you said
that because great when you said that
was like giggling and Callie he just
looked at me I was like how did she know
and I'm like I don't know and you just
know me I guess that's why you're my
wife that's you all right you wanna say
good night good night guys I'll see you
tomorrow
you
