oh good morning guys
so this is a new cat actually this is a
temporary camera because yesterday
during paintball this happened this is
the stuff that I do I sacrifice cameras
for videos we didn't see yesterday's
video now because that's broken please
go check it out it's probably one of my
favorite ones I try to do the coolest
angles possible anyway so I'm using this
camera I'll show you which one using I
use this before back in the day it's a
g9x and I have to use this because I'm
assuming unless I can sweet talk my way
they're gonna have to send this out so
I'm going to have to have a temporary
one because I have to go to a couple
shows of Cleveland and I think at New
York coming up alley taking photos
she just got one of those Polaroid
cameras okay what's this it's there as a
tester one we have a couple shows so I'm
obviously going to need a camera while
I'm gone so Ali has a camera as well so
I dug this one up don't know where I
found it was in my box with cameras that
I have so yeah I gotta go fix this and
by the way I am incredibly sore right
now I never been the store I think it's
probably cuz yesterday we were died I
was literally diving and crawling
obviously haven't done that in quite a
bit of time but it was worth it
no you're supposed to shake it like a
plumber you know you're not supposed to
shake I school right
that's actually not good for it I feel
fixer stupid things
six donut I'm not sure this is something
same seven what the reason times I'm
like gasps ting with my mouth open it's
because uh well have you with the mouth
like that
that's what you do I think I have like
the dramatic hand like oh my god an
idiot we had to drop off the broken
camera to the plane yes okay I didn't
break it this time providing attended
out so we're gonna use an old camera
it's kind of cool because we haven't use
in a while and I think it's shoots
really amazingly my homegirl was my
words usually not there okay girl filter
child this morning goes hey Ally why
don't we go get you a coffee and I knew
there was something up because he never
said that
yeah that's good Debrecen could you get
you a copy I said now I don't really
need coffee this money because well I
really think we should get you one wish
me one and I said Charles what do you
want I want a unicorn
coffee alright dude I want to try this
like a unicorn proper team unicorns
Frappuccino and then I was gasping
because I said okay let's go Cheers
your unicorn cappuccino and he goes it's
got like 60 grams of sugar
no dribbling it's equivalent to like six
Donuts and then I go six Donuts just
about so sorry that's a good story huh
adventures are going to demolish an
entire building over there which will be
kind of cool but kind of crazy and I
wonder what they're going to do I have
no idea why I had so much energy today
because I've only had a small cup of
coffee
I had success but I feel like I would
have a stomachache every second I don't
know we had a fight Charles new shoes
because he destroyed them yesterday in
paintball he literally had like a hole
where his pinky toe goes he has gonna
give him any pair shoes and we got to go
back to the house before pendant really
yeah
manager and that's really good with the
new jerk actually nor the ankle oh but
then we go back to the house and get it
a little bit more clean because we're
having a birthday party tonight
wears a lots of birthday parties this
week it was thickened endicott no stick
and attack those bacon in the car came
in dig that well that sucks for that
person go get some shoes right now I'm
using Nikes which is very very
uncomfortable and different for me you
know it's one of my favorite sounds in
Florida what Eagle but I don't really
like people immediately go voice it's
like sigelei beat my wife everyone
staying because it's hot seagulls were
coming I was here this Eagle that we
just tribe does the best Eagle how that
lady does not like you right now so I
don't know if I can do this I'm trying
to find different shoes other than Chuck
Barris maybe some more comfortable shoes
I'm wearing my running to you right now
and I think I'm comfortable there but
every time I try them on I just can't do
it so I'm kind of repair of edita I just
can't find it I just can't do it I had
to stick with this I feel like by now
it's just become my trademark
I feel like I'd look here anything out
there we go I think inside these hours
they found me
see some cool you are get some easy you
put my foot in there hey Kenny
Cinderella come on make sure this shoe
fit come on I got some got some a little
service here glass slipper
oh you've taken me out to lunch feather
this ended and dinner you're right are
you still kind of my shoe this bird has
been up there on that sign since we
moved in here two years ago I think it's
just an osprey I can't ever tell the
bird is super zoom super zoom to zoom
out then it's just chilling out a Food
Mart sign apparently you get craft beers
or you can see I think it's an osprey
right so I'm on a mission to get that
fruity unicorn poop property no thang I
know it will be so disgusting but I'm a
sucker for novelties you guys know that
plus it was their greatest marketing
tactic ever because they put it on
snapchat and that's the only way I
actually knew about it tried to get Ally
to come with me but she has to get ready
for Ally's dad's girlfriend's birthday
so I have to go and get this by myself I
was hoping to have Ali with me so I can
justify oh it's ours
it's pathetic I'll actually tried three
different Starbucks what now that person
just got one get some unicorn poop
hey you say unicorn poop thing she
wasn't having it yet this is all it is
it's probably gonna be disgusting let's
try it though
tastes just like a milkshake that's
pretty good
got a weird aftertaste though and it
does try the unicorn poop yeah you are
the unicorn poop oh good thanks neither
bud so much right mark ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha super buddy
go sweep it super buck I can barely
barely move my legs right now I'm so
freakin sore from diving if you watch
this to this video you probably saw I
was just diving everywhere I was going
completely crazy I was trying to win and
our team won I think it was like 5 to 1
or 6 to 1 and I had a lot of kills
I guess I'm decent at paintball so I
think that's something that I didn't
know about when I definitely that I
definitely want to try playing more
often get like team jerseys or something
like that
today's video was quiet one my favorite
and I told you guys yesterday took a bit
of time to edit make the drone shots I
wanted to make it look like a drone I
really enjoyed it I thing that one
though if you haven't seen it highly
recommend go watch it if you've already
seen it go watch it again because I
sacrificed the hell of my body for my
game to match not a game like we said
earlier a few times put on some company
over so rather than me sweeping this
entire house I'm being smart and having
our little robot take care of this DJ
Roomba I guess we can call him in his
birthday while we're celebrating Linda's
birthday and Caitlyn's birthday super
Zoomer
today Saturday come here and why you
kill missing one but I do want to say it
but now I know the perfect new Saturday
is good right I know I've been doing a
lot of birthday talks birthdays
birthdays for sabers it's going to be
Linda's 39th birthday on Saturday hmm
and there's my grandma calling grandma
are you lost
Hey yes that's me ha I lost just opens
them walkman didn't yep this is my room
how are those wings delicious trying to
avoid her oh I know she's like right in
the kitchen like a keyboard so we got
this awesome space is custom potato
salad you guys know I love to explain
everything right here you Alexei what is
that over there bacon wraps what is that
looks yummy that looks real good
of course my dad is making sure that
every piece of food is not going on here
yeah we have lots of dog food
celebrating is this beautiful one right
here she's turning a whole twenty nine
and then Linda over there we have
pretzels grandma is making her infamous
Nora's sausage goodness
and he's telling me anything it's
because you know given grandpa bite
between each one that's how you make it
right grandma that is toasted his first
sausage with Grant you know I'm grandma
I mean okay what do you want we have the
best beautiful and we never felt like
this
look at that liquor I got the money to
you as well in this case you know I
totally made that not at all totally did
not make that when I probably be cool I
got them some sparklers but the cake so
that have a really really special
express early review so you can see all
the food from up here up to going down
for the count
sushi going for going for Lexie it's
like so very friends with Grandma Zoe in
here I'm not leaving this situation she
has a new best friend
barley bar she's out here all she's
focusing over here making friends he
made the wrong friend
grandma was feeding Zoe while you were
being her out so they made good friends
sit right where she should be okay well
like pretzels are Zoe
I've never seen him so hyper like hyper
right now jumped on the mop this is a
great day yeah I love it she's going for
me to you bro go get though I've never
seen her this hyper right good Hey look
Darden hit her head
oh god please I love this is the best
day right here right going for the so
you're gonna kick my foot still go oh
geez mark hey I've never seen her like
this
sorry great place in a long time I think
there's world over here just gotta be
some over here you missed it
I love it she's like a little puppy
right now oh no joke that's how I have
to sit down my entire leg those or feel
like an old man
sit down welcome my name is Charles this
is my food you have a cracker a little
bit of cracks and gentle-like hold on to
that work this high five there we go I
knew it go just darling I'm sure I got a
roll your toilet paper
okay you better pleasure twice in Italy
we need to have these I'm here I didn't
know you were so gross
oh you think so pretty and windy I count
since it's your 29th birthday is two
plus 29 times three let me justify what
I thought what yep yep adam's the other
if you have to add them together
five daddy up guys anyone like whatever
fun why dad I'm a jester I know where
you look oh look at three one because
it's right in between grandma that's in
between I make the rules in my house you
might have my back - no we can let it go
your cousin they know that I made up the
rule that if it goes in between it you
have to add it all together
you make the blue that's jollity for
candles I worked a few times
Hannah get Steve's cake pathetic yeah
I mean amazing lated I learned to do I
made it drive so we're look organized
like our kitchen but not you Oh BAM you
just got I don't want to say that we
have is more rusty eggs come on come on
when we didn't lift cream in man we have
a clean up knowing I'm not going to lie
but sprinkles on them a really go to the
right clean up she's got like these
Molly clean up clean up always like yeah
but yeah
so glove out don't get my mouth now get
them out
wisely survivor Jojo I like water she's
running they said they were crazy they
said we couldn't put four balls inside
of grandma wait you wanted that I'm on
daddy why is mommy crying video edit by
OPM one good enough
I think that one's pretty good for just
that one you guys all know that I born
to chuck quite as long as the the vlog
get hold this would be what they think
what do you think guys if I switch
things up not all the time but just some
at the time it's going black so that way
I have more suction and comfort
Charlotte's to give you guys like these
full show outfits effect okay so what
I'm gonna do is a full body scan so you
guys can see exactly what he's gonna
look like
all right I don't know I don't feel like
it works how many movies that sounds
like okay oh my gosh you were I don't
know what to say
I like him I think your shoes look great
yeah he looks nice my life everyone I
got a show tomorrow actually tomorrow
and Saturday I'm playing cleat with it
I'm playing in Ohio and then I'm playing
New York then I'm going back home you
know it's just the one crazy one-offs
that we have I feel like every time we
have everyone over we play cards against
humanity' and it just turns into a
debauchery you wouldn't know that they
had that in their reserved hilarious
dinner dessert like when it comes to use
game I don't know what happened just a
totally different set of incomes
like grandma my dad's girlfriend my
grandma are crazy but my aunt your aunt
killed it 2/3 like the sleeping giant
anyway I hope you enjoyed today's video
I will see you guys in Cleveland and
have a wonderful night
say good night bye All Right see guys
