good morning guys going to be a fun
freakin day we are going paintballing
trav and I kind of got this place to
open specifically for us so we got like
five or six of her friends almost the
whole band
unfortunately Koli and Hunter couldn't
make it up obviously they have the
longest ride but they weren't able to
come but we have a nice group of people
coming and I get to shoot them on this
tape perfect great I got to get some
mounts because I want to put a bunch of
mounts on the gun because I want to make
sure that's really intense for you guys
I have to drone I'm probably not throw
the drone up just let it hover because
or maybe I can do the follow and maybe
put the controller in my pocket and do
the follow in so many ideas right now
TRADD called me early because he's on
the baby schedule where he wakes up at
like 7:00 a.m. and thinks everyone's up
it's so funny we got to kick some ass
today gonna be fun transition I went and
got some mounts for the barrel of the
gun
now if red passes hey Google is it going
to rain today huh good for that one
course that would affect so that are you
sure to look at the weather before doing
this but lucked out I like it like uber
driver here exact hi mister child yeah
how well by I like that silently
it was really funny look she has played
ugly in the back over here he was like
gods be kidding me have a nice nice
I don't exactly like what happens going
to happen tank top and short so we'll
see what happens exact end so here again
we're going people thought maybe it's
hot outside
haha hemings's plethora with paintballs
in high school and I went with a print
is an apple any shot like in the net and
it to be right here in the neck like
underneath like some fat area oh and it
as big as well and I wanted to kill
those through the first time of year
quite a bit of youth actually so this is
where we're going to be viewing today we
had double GoPro action so this should
be fun I'm going to shoot them all
reading the face mask so this is the
advantage of coming early Taylor had a
good idea to walk the course I used the
drone to kind of cheat a little bit
cheating I guess being smart but we're
gonna walk it right now and kind of see
what's going on this is probably one of
the coolest courses I've seen the thing
Clearwater Clearwater paintball so shout
out to them for letting us come oh my
god it goes all the way down to probably
one course yeah this is one okay I've
missed already and you climb the trees
my question I guess you can until they
tell you stop never ask just do and then
then they say stop and then you stop
don't ask for permission and ask for
forgiveness
exactly you can hit my golf ball
you're out so many ways it happened it
happened that golf ball golf ball I got
hit by you don't use if I'm saying throw
it at something like to distract
somebody Oh and then come up pop and
shoot in today all right so now if I
hear a thud I know what it is all right
so it's not that long they start here
well I guess it's not cut off you start
there but I'm sure that's like at about
and then start up again for another
course yeah this is the bad place this
is where Charles hits his golf balls
good morning my using winning haha as
you can tell Charles not with me right
now the boys are off playing well I have
to go home and continue working so he is
living the leg today I'm a little bit
jealous the whole band plus a few other
people got together to have an
incredible insane probably slightly
terrifying paintball match today I'm
slightly jealous God Darwin
sathru over there bro
so I had to get more Rock and then I
figured what I would do is line that
area with these then I got some other
goodies toilet paper because we
literally have like one roll of toilet
paper left on our now flies we're having
a little birthday dinner thing tomorrow
at my house for my younger sister
Kaitlin and then my dad's girlfriend
legs up and one other amazing thing it's
happening as well on Saturday mmm hi
puppy but I can't give you too many
details about that just yet just know
it's going to be freaking amazing and
he's so much fun
Charles will be here which is kind of a
bummer in fact like you would borrow my
Thai Baht is the shoes well when you
over here because he's going to miss out
on a ton of fun
we're throwing like a birthday party for
my younger sister on Saturday just
because she did so much for me for the
wedding and this is kind of me repaying
her and making sure she has an amazing
time her she's freaking out about being
29 this being the last year of her
joints which I told her was one of the
best years of my life in quite honestly
30s the new 20 that's what I think the
party okay so I have a kill count I
think I'm five going on right now four
or five I gotta hit one this is so much
fun I'm actually kind of good at it's
good weird
let's ride let's ride that's better
with a come across for snacks shot all
over her come clean watch that I sent me
let me see I would just squat down
myself I never thought I'd say this but
pull your pants down really see this dry
fit being so damn now we're doing
capture the flag so we'll see how I go
so we're going to probably understand
the way we're doing we're going to do it
do ya definite Kaitlyn is here because
Kaitlyn knows that I am so done with
doing yardwork you guys have seen say
will we do this and decide come over and
help me finish up Oh for heaven's sake
oh stop you're just being a little fun
you keep digging up what I'm working on
so yes stay inside but as you can see I
got this done over here no joke that
right there is a giant pile of that it's
a copyist poop right there
but I'm we're fixing all of this up I
did over in the corner you guys can't
see it because I have bags over your not
because these little running around in
there but we are about to we have one
last thing to do over here which is this
bed and then he and I have some other
stuff we got areas and today because
guess what guys it's her 29th birthday
on top
how do they have their day in a row I've
gone to Home Depot and to Sam's Club I
have a weird feeling miss I think
there's something a little bit off with
me or I just have an obsession with
shopping at those two places which
slightly might be true but might not be
true I don't really know reason being is
first off you guys know that I'm we're
working on the project for the front of
the house in the back of the house which
I completed both by the way high-five to
me high-five to me this is the little
change that I did and I'm still working
on it
it's you know it's not perfect but it's
something to kind of keep the rocks in
and then I brought in more white rocks
just kind of mixed in with the rocks
that are a little bit discolored and I
think it looks pretty pretty amazing and
this thing is awesome
so I went and I got this amazing cake
and I'm super excited about it and I'm
going to turn my very best knock pieces
tonight absolutely love Sam's Club but I
hate Sam's Club because everything is in
bulk so then I'm like oh this guy I'm
getting a great deal but then I'm buying
so much fucking food that it's really
really bad so good thing about a pretty
a lot of people eat that was a blast
think I don't know who won it doesn't
really matter you won
Zach's one now he didn't win I don't
know who won anyway Clearwater paintball
that's where he went and we're going to
come back so if you're in Clearwater go
here say hi to John and Tony and tell
them that I sent you because we're
definitely coming back here I left my
thing at Callie's Kelly's car
my birthday party I'm sorry sorry can't
be here for you told her birthday right
huh tell me details - no no idea at
Caitlyn's birthday on Saturday just got
home and I got to say surprisingly
decent at paintball I only got shot one
time is right there on the arm I don't
know who shot me that's the thing and
then it didn't count but I shot Taylor
and he turned around he's unloaded they
shot me in the head but it was not
didn't count so I only got shot one time
I think I killed six or seven so I had a
pretty decent day and I hope you guys
enjoyed all the the shots took a long
time to edit but I think it came out
really freaking cool just to let you
guys know what was going on - the
looks.i weird when everyone was standing
in a line they were doing the old
fighting tactics you know like where
they all walked in a line like it has
drummer boy and all that stuff the
stupid way to fight
and that's what they were doing they
were taking turns like shooting and that
after each turn the dick took a step so
that's what that was
so charts like ranting and raving about
how well he did I cable with him super
impressing on not saying that he didn't
do well but he just took off his shirt
in his pants just because he needs to
wash them you know I think my pastor
shirt off all the time
he does actually look what's on his back
hang on you're all snakes and squawking
let me show you what's on his back so
we've got this gnarly welt you've got
that gnarly welt and that one discreet I
know anything is shot four times we have
three and then you look like you have
something happened there oh you shot
here turn anywhere on your arms I got
shot here we did right there
sure man do you got shot on your head
well that was an illegal shot illegal
here I got Taylor down and he's still
shot me she well to be completely honest
with you I'm really bummed out that I
didn't get to go vote same time I'm glad
I don't have a bunch of us all over my
body
so we win for me after a pretty long
long day
ally was working a lot I was running
around like a madman doing the whole
drone and play paintball game which was
a lot of freaking fun Ally set up a nice
little candlelit dinner candlelight
dinner I should say right outside so we
can just enjoy the beautiful backyard
that Ali killed girls you wanna come out
like there's no food for me come on
Joseph hey where's Marley Marley - mom
are let's go go back I hope you guys
truly appreciated today's video and had
a lot of fun it was kind of a lot to
edit today but I think it came out
pretty amazing so make sure please to
click that like button so I know you
guys enjoyed it truly I hope you guys
enjoyed it but I will see you guys
tomorrow as always and if you are brand
new please don't forget to click that
little subscribe button it's on the page
somewhere you know where it is and I
will see you guys tomorrow it have a
great night bye guys
