good morning everyone
so I am playing bonus points right now I
went got Ally a coffee as she's
finishing up the vlog
bonus points guys if you're married you
know I'm talking about or if you have a
significant other you know what I'm
talking about
we're so close to being done with this
 this is like the worst part
right here huh what huh yeah let's go
grab the paintballs oh this is a worst
part the rake right now there we go all
the way through here I'll have to do
this all by hand oh my god
this thing was the hardest one to do
right here but it's looking so good I
know the last couple days we've been
doing this but I know if we don't do
this today and right now while we're on
this roll we're just not gonna be able
to do it yeah super hard and in the
middle of this I'm trying to talk to the
guys I think we're gonna do like a
paintball match tomorrow hopefully in
Clearwater so that's gonna be kind of
fun so we'll see if we can actually make
that happen
does that be actually really fun I want
to put a bunch of GoPros maybe I'll
still have the drone up in the air for a
couple of the match
that'd be actually really cool if I
could just look at the drone and see
where everyone's at holy crap if I can
shoot from the drone how cool would that
be like an actual drone that would
actually be pretty model that would be
cheating but that would be full would it
be not cheating what does just be taking
advantage of the situation I think yes
so for charge put him in charge of
putting together a wheel barrel that I
thought would be awesome and good for us
and come to find out it's the biggest
pain in the butt in the entire world I
saw that time-lapse of Ali doing all
those rocks made me look like it was 30
pound rock bags and it looked like I was
just bailing and making her do it all
not sure Hugh's been working on this I'm
like you need to get so if you don't
mind get that wheelbarrows done because
I need to use that so that I can start
bringing the mulch to the backyard so I
can do the backyard tomorrow cuz we're
gonna take a break too much yard work so
much yard work number one to do too much
artwork number two to film but tomorrow
they're going paintballing and after I
get done with all my work here I'm gonna
finish up the yard good I'm a good wife
good wife I think that's actually show
but he's being an awesome husband
getting that fixed okay look at this I'm
like a hot mess but the good thing is is
that the house is looking bomb diggity
what kind of swear you do that again but
this is the start of what we're doing
here obviously it's not perfect because
of what I'm going to do is I'm gonna get
some grass I think or something to line
this me so that we could pull like our
trash can and our recycling bin on
something just kind of make it look a
little nicer I know they seem like
really stupid things that we're fixing
and changing but it's things that we
wanting to do honestly quite frankly we
needed to do so one of those things too
like we could easily just paid somebody
to do it but it's it'd be so much more
money it's so much more money and it's
not as rewarding okay don't get me wrong
it would have been nice at this point
I'm like I would have paid anybody
anything to do all of this but feels so
good to be able to do something on your
own honey yeah high five branch i-5 that
works too so I'm gonna miss them all to
the back yeehaw that's okay that's okay
baby go to the point where it's like
 it I don't care what do you mean
you got a backwards see all these are
facing that way that I was one oh I see
what you're saying now oh it's so much
harder I was like why is this so much
harder don't worry about it okay
if you don't sit in there I think I'll
be fine
get screwed in the butt what this is all
of the leaves all of that we have wheels
now if it stays there that is a totally
different question did you already take
everything in the back of course you did
everything is taken in the back
oh my god we actually did it there's one
two alley but three four and five and a
half we're still working on this guy we
need more rocks obviously so we're gonna
put some down there to match everything
so five and a half almost done let's
count this is six for a full five we'll
cut this guy's a full five a little
ladybug are they called aphids so
they're called
so we're discovering why this is all
dead now this is all getting blocked by
this stupid placement Oh gotta hide
right here it's the best place to hide
until you chop it and then we're screwed
for this I am oh wait for it
wait for it mr. Blue Jay keeps sniping
all the grass seeds will jerk I came to
see you anymore it's likes so much
no because you have to do it's going
because the second you you see was
saying this yeah this because the second
we put it there all that is going well
so you find it
now this is a real hero ladies and gents
my knight in shining armor are you
kidding I don't know it and see it babe
why don't we turn it uh you just lost
the whole thing huge boo-boo yeah I ate
something really bad that I did that was
really bad is trying to fix something
miss yu-san fix and now I'm making
Charles work extra hard give this a nice
silly stupid mistake sorry fellows I
love you very much
something that will help you I'm trying
to find something
oh I don't we'll figure it out
a little limit see if this works
it's not one thing it's another guys
five its own five birthday
that's good good good enough we're gonna
go meet up with everyone my cousin and
Melissa to go have this dinner at our
favorite place and this is what we do
every time we leave we always have
Google Play we the kings hey Google Play
we the kings for the girls you guys
ready to listen some we the kings it's
not like you don't listen to it all the
time every time we see a clock of the
side of a building I'll hide bird I
always think of back to the future
speaking of which I don't remember win
in the vlogs but I know in Universal
Hollywood or just California I think I
went with Phil Lindsey in myself and we
went to the universal like whatever it's
called the tour where you could see all
the backdrops and we saw was the Sex in
the City house as well as the Back to
the Future clock it was one of the
coolest moments of my life
hey blue jay No so I guess we're kind of
going on a date night no it's kind of
we go on a date nope you should because
I almost killed you today we had all the
sprinklers working out he wanted to
adjust something and rightfully so just
make it a little bit better
however she broke it and I about killed
her that's why the sprinkler system went
crazy she had to run and hide otherwise
I was going to swift kick the back of
her butt your butt is already in the
back so I guess you can't really do the
back of your body
swift kick you in the butt or the ass
whatever you want to say I feel saying
but it's funny here so of course we're
back at the Avenue and we're here with
Mike Mike Zak right oh I know little
fuzzball it's really funny little
furball right there the hair on top of
camera we have a unibrow a beauty brow a
grey wanted by the way this is my cousin
oh wait you guys have mmmm figured out
that he's married to my cousin yes there
you go
he's a badass
actually maybe you saw whatever you were
little I was a little bitty early yeah
but like he was the coolest guy like I
always like hung out with him in Buffalo
his sons are the ones that beat Danny
Madden twice and gotta be so pissed off
it was the stadium tour where we did the
15,000 people in the state class they
were saved
I have no idea what I'm talking about
and we're back one of all time so so I
had we just got done having dinner with
chars
cousin's cousin I don't know never
figure that out well I feel like we're
never gonna figure that out but it was
awesome in law in LA but it was so much
fun he's such a fun and unique guy and I
love him so much and this was honestly
the wedding was the first time that I
ever met him pilot he is a pilot and we
were talking about kind of horror
stories of planes but it put me at ease
I think he terrified he did he kind of
terrified me but I think everybody in
this conversation terrified me first
time that I met him was at the wedding
and I had heard so much about him and
his wife Jen Jenny yeah heaven his wife
Jenny Melissa's like a double yes she
wasn't here unfortunately but they were
so much fun and he is such a blast their
kids are awesome and I was so happy that
I got to like hang out with him and char
and char saw the family because it is
hard like even though we've been
together for a really long time we still
haven't met all of each other's family
and unlike your family who's all in this
area mine's always like New York yeah
we're just talking at some ice cream
I don't know why yes let's get in let's
go to Publix or McDonald's McDonald's
Publix what was it August no 13 national
treat yourself day for a CD Alex oh yeah
I'm so happy like 99% of the yard work
done though yeah I get to go play
paintball and you get to work on the
rest big money over here the 99-cent ice
cream I might get something different so
you hold your phone I might get a shake
where's your ice cream you ate it all
funny part is I asked for extra hot
fudge because I really know I really
want it barely got fun no actually it
was like hot fudge and then there was
like this much ice cream so you asked
for a chocolate so I need to go bed
early because I have to get up at like 8
o'clock and we're gonna do an early
paintball thing I'm trying to get as
many GoPro action as if possible to
bring the drone I will see you guys
tomorrow
well I had a question of the day for you
guys and I completely forgot
we were talking about something in the
car huh
yeah what's flying actually I wanted to
ask you guys as the question of the day
do you like flying are you terrified or
does it not matter to you what oh you're
talking about like what's the number one
thing to kill a human what is a hippo
no no what's number one mosquito is it
really we're going to Hawaii soon again
oh yeah
if you don't know Ali knows for sure but
hippos above all that yeah hippos way
above all those which is crazy
I know because hippos are cool what is
that is that a slug or a leech would be
a leech whit
centipede no it's slimy look a little
slimy goop shiny the hell's he doing in
here my god get it I hope the camera I
can't do it I have to document this this
better not be it's like a sleet or
something like that that's
disgusting get up here you take turd
it's an inchworm I think Oh Marley don't
eat it interested I'm actually trying to
save your stupid ass I remember one time
I did this was like a bug and Zoey went
a little too smell it and she licked it
what is this thing sorry morale you
always eat things when you sniff it she
smells it look at it she's like what is
this thing yeah I don't know what that
is but I wanted to have don't know don't
kill it just put it in our new fresh
long I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a wonderful night guys I'm
going to go pro you because that's
what's happening till tomorrow bye
