everything's coming up Charles right now
gonna be a good day good morning guys
first thing I'm doing is messing with
these lights it's all about cleaning up
today the guy came to check out the
sprinkler system I guess what totally
fine so now it's okay you know about
lights and so far it's been a simple
things so we might actually have lights
today after all this fail time I guess
failures I should say you've been
recording the whole time everything is
now working or almost working yeah the
 is on your face this is the
creepiest thing I've ever seen my entire
life when I put it on I start doing
email she turned around and looked up
meaning I was like what it's creepy as
hell it is oh it's an emoji hmm it's the
smirking emoji let's just put the emoji
all over the screen right now that's
creepy
I guess that's actually probably close
isn't it more like well it's just a face
no enhance no I mean it's just the face
and the hands are just okay now your
eyes open up that's what creeps me out
the most oh yeah oh yeah it's open or
the creepiest let me see open eyes open
guys if you want to see what it looks
like you live with the same it's good
yeah I'm getting older I'm getting
wrinkles
see if you can make that flat blow on it
no I was like insane clown posse or
something you kind of do what I wanted
to tell you before I got startled is
that the lights are halfway working I'm
gonna go back to lieutenant
I'm gonna go pretend like I know what
I'm doing out here with these guys
yes I'm cool or at least I should say
cool to me I think we got everything
working
you got the sprinkler system working and
I think we got the lights or show you
guys we're gonna walk it all together
first off this is where we found out
everything was cut I guess when they did
the sod which is not sod anymore they
cut this and just left it so we figured
that out got one light let's keep going
just keep going there's another light
and another just cross over here and
another and another I'm looking a little
school kid right now and another one two
more
so that leaves literally three more
lights okay let's check this out okay we
got that one going that one's going and
the very last one BAM
turn on turn on turn wet one two-month
turn on turn on turn off okay three one
more one more though
ready Zoe four five
they're all working everything is not
working their lights cameras sprinklers
everything we're a trifecta of kicks but
one guy who's awesome then Bruce he
fixed his last time he laughed because
he's like yes I have no idea what
happened that means I'm able to relax
down but I had this idea of what we're
doing this was like you know what I kind
of want to like spruce up the front
because this is never grown back so I
was thinking maybe spread out the rocks
and get more rocks and just bring it out
to here that way take care of that crap
put new mulch here new mulch over there
and then new mulch over here and over
there and the good thing is the city of
st. Pete actually gives away free mulch
that's a few hundred dollars save right
there yeah everything's coming up
Charles right now it's gonna be a good
day so stiff Martha she can never relax
play fine Marlee stay good girl
nope it's dead oh don't you laying down
it's with a big on your head on the
count of three shake for food okay and
she's gone
oh wait freakazoid I don't give come on
backfire I want to so get Marley right
now here which which is that now you
told on me
ready by some high fives oh you wanted
to do bricks well I thought about two
pavers oh that could be good but you
would have to measure that yeah well not
now we're okay for the rocks down and
then a favor
so we're doing everything backwards we
were doing all the light on the back of
the house if it's good idea we were
doing the lights and I was looking at
everything I was like we could fix this
think it exists we could do this I just
feel very accomplished today so far
because of the fact that we got the
lights fixed and by the way the lights
these are the ones you want right yes
these are the one side anyways the
reason why the lights weren't working
was exactly exactly why no I don't know
thank you right I think it's this one
but the reason why is because they're
exactly it was cut the line was cut when
they put the saw down so I was not
losing my mind but hope this is heavy
there's like an amp we're going uphill
of course we're going uphill
of course there's probably a few hundred
pounds of rocks right here how I got a
wheelbarrow on everything oh yeah we
learned our lesson last time we did some
research and my little sister actually
told us that I think I told you guys
earlier in the beginning of the video
st. Pete st. Pete gives free mulch all
you want so rather than spending
hundreds of dollars we did spot goodbye
we rented this here we bought a flatbed
truck now we just rented a flatbed truck
and they said you could put as much
mulch so that way we can just I think
we're gonna save a couple hundred price
few hundred dollars on something
yeah so barely covers anything and we're
gonna need a bun nobody's gonna go eat
it okay extreme because we're taking all
the garbage want that garbage like the
broken down trees and stuff sorry that's
my love gossiping I'm sure they do in
other places but like old tires that you
chop it up and they make it into the
playground stuff but now what they're
trying to do is they're trying to do
that with the mulch too like where they
make it real fluffy back when we were
kids we just had jagged like mulch I
remember like jumping off of swings
remember that jumping off a swing and
getting mulch stuck in your skin now
they have like beautiful rubber tires
and soft man the 80s was a time I
said the 80s and 90s yeah kids were
tough someone left hey you know what's
really funny is I yeah I used to live on
a dirt road and I used to walk barefoot
all the time I could just walk on roads
like it was like rocks like it's crazy
now we have rocks on the side of our
house and when I'm trying to get to the
garbage can or open up the gate I'm
always like
naturally you got the most annoying part
that's much better babe just lift it
good totally logical that makes sense
there you go down up down three mulch
this is something to remember guys if
you ever or your parents ever need mulch
just remind them that maybe the county
does it for free bulb tires
ding you know that reminds me of The
Simpsons the great old tire fire there
it is look at the piles of mulch Dan
there's a lot of mulch it's chopped up
wood Zoey would love it get what you pay
for idea that's more yeah well I mean we
probably wanted though not fancy but
just colored darker or whatever it's
like shards I feel like it would be it'd
be too much so we go right well that's
out the door now we got to go buy mulch
I know we sound like we're being stingy
the only reason why we're not getting
these like large pieces that's just not
gonna be
it's not gonna be realistic for our
small plant beds right unite the the
really long pieces versus like you know
mulch is like really small so I mean
whatever I mean it was worth it worth a
shot
you know it didn't work unfortunately
all aboard
you're way lighter than the other
suppose carrion
learn something every day black mulch
would actually look kind of cool no
probably gonna go straight up red oh
maybe not maybe round pine bark stays
where you put it no float that's good
how about no Zowie eating
so I came back and Ally's already been
freaking crazy working got all the
leaves out the what so if you want to
see before and after this corner right
here and they go over here you can see
it on a different part I'll definitely
show you guys the real stuff but this is
what it used to look like all these
leaves basically basically what I'm
trying to say is right now looks
beautiful with all these leaves from
that damn tree or just gonna get back
there in a couple days but at least for
a week what's gonna look freaking
awesome
and we thought 32 bags was gonna be
enough nope this is barely enough for
the front so I got applied by another
whole bunch of them this is now the
third I'm not kidding so went one back
dropped it off went back this is now the
third time dropping off mulch it's
ridiculous orange on him is up that
poisonous no black and yellow kill a
fellow red and black the okay Jack I
think it's I would not take your gloves
off that's for sure it's so scared I
don't want to scare myself so bad I'm
just going so bad I don't want to kill
him no you don't want to throw him he's
right there see if I can catch him is
that orange and black there's a frog
frog friend I'm gonna save you yeah
don't let the frog get eaten by a little
snake up trying to save you hop in my
hand now in my hand hops right into the
snake's mouth
well here's think I'm gonna free them
both but I just wanted to show you I
want to see it let's get those I know
but I don't want to scare him I put him
in here because I didn't want to kill
him on accident so that's why she okay I
don't know what kind of snake is this
Internet and if it's poisonous make sure
all right so you don't want to release
it yeah
take a photo I want to kill him ya know
if it's poisonous I will I don't want
the dogs are myself getting hurt
can you call it yeah I'm gonna go for
this on the internet see if they can
tell me you dead
well that part looks freaking awesome
Ali's been doing all that stuff by
herself so I gotta race home and help
her with it this started as a really
really excited motivated like thing to
do today and now it's just turned into
like why did I have to have that
inspiration this morning house updates
though our house improvements Oh home
improvement get it is anyone remember
that show if not when I feel stupid
right now
if you do remember Heidi I used to have
such a crush not the Pamela Anderson
Heidi the other Heidi
the brunette Heidi I used to think she
was so hot wonder what she's doing now
because there was Pamela Anderson first
right or she ii can't remember she
probably got too expensive
marlee escaped and she's currently going
in peace don't pee on everything come on
let's go stop it
get in the house you little scape e I
got a question did anyone ever rake up a
pile of leaves and then jump in no I
used to do it all the time I think that
was a it because that you're smart
that's what I'm saying cuz you're smart
and we're Florida and we have palmetto
bugs and everything I think was just
like a ploy for my parents to actually
get me to like actually clean up stuff
but you can rake them up and then jump
in them I'm just looking at it right now
like how unsafe it would be
there's just who knows what I just raked
up there's twigs there's a stick right
there mom dad why don't you let me do
this
this is by far the hardest day I think
of our vlogs as far as the work that is
I think it's little victories in life
guys all the lights working I'm so all
that trash I trash all the leaves I
should say it does it's coming out
really nice the lights are all working
extreme good thing a sudden use all of
our same plants except for we got six
new ones and then the mulch obviously
cost some money you know what it's gonna
look nice we didn't have to hire anybody
yeah DIY guys the thing is like Alan
I've been talking about doing this for
the longest time you guys know I've been
worried about these lights for like
months and these this frickin sprinkler
system for months so it's one of those
things like if we weren't gonna do it
today like I just felt so motivated
today we would probably would have never
done this and I feel good about it I'm
dirty as hell but I feel good about it
this is always the crazy part keeping
everyone sitting look at my hands my arm
I've been this dirty since I was a kid
oh you want food is that what's going on
I'm sorry I gotta focus one to ten scale
how accomplished do you feel the worst
part is when I haven't done is laughing
they're both passed out like I said
earlier today I feel like very
productive and I felt like today was
gonna be all Charles like coming up
Charles and I feel like we had a great
day
we got it locked comp list we didn't
finish everything but I feel like the
house is starting to look really cool
Eileen and I are the type of people like
we're really good we're good at
procrastinating I think to a point but
if we have like an idea if we don't jump
on it like just jump in you know full
like into the pool will not get it done
quick enough so today
there's something else we're either
traveling will start something and then
something comes up or we can't finish it
yeah yeah we really fly personally done
early yeah and because we're able to do
that we're able to get all these things
that we don't really want to do but it
came down to being awesome actually the
question of the day today is I want to
ask you guys are you a procrastinator or
you're the type of person that can't
can't function through the day until you
get it done normally I am that type of
person but I feel like having a house
there's just so many things going wrong
and it's like it's like when one thing
goes wrong the other thing goes wrong
you guys already know my struggles with
the stupid sprinklers I've been having
that struggle fries since we've moved in
and they're finally fixed knock on wood
they stay fixed any rate I hope you guys
had a great day and enjoyed today's
video
even though it was kind of mr. mr. and
mrs. Fixit today but still that's our
day that's what we do all right guys I
will see you tomorrow have a great night
bye guys
