so we have the whole family here for
Easter this is my cooked meal right
there I'm sorry
Kalin where's your cooked meal this is
can't let a down that's a lab and I
wouldn't offer it all together only once
a likely today and that's Matic there's
going to be doing Easter egg hunt but
we're going to chatter and we're going
to do no working on it so nice thank you
also keeps it says oh that's my aunt
Wendy I wasn't ready so now your name
here times I'm Jung kook a living okay
those are so good all good
challenges ran yeah you're a naked
person right
look at all this awesome food and this
my grandma's potato salad
Oh once that's enough food salad look at
this
grandma just really just for yourself
mom made this and she dropped off at my
house
Oh mommy time it's pretty impressive
that in a salad and a cake hey Lex I
miss gluten free can cries whimpering
are so whimsical home free baby will be
the my nose my mouth I don't know what
what why are your nose or your mouth
not when I see you and I'm landed like
right on my hand on my cap okay so I
landed right on the hand that's real
nice
I made that you laid them you laid that
off you literally great on that needle
and ham Oh bed at night and look at this
delicious salad that my aunt made we are
thinking here and the way I think it
over to our dad's house so the second
series event
for me all right you ready Maddox all
right I get all the eggs all all the
eggs are game on except ours max are you
listening
golden Easter eggs are hand
chef spermatic are they golden yellow
black white purple like no golden thing
I know if they're golden like nothing
over there are glittering drags that are
for adults but one per member one for
adults
okay and then there are what if we can't
- we can't pick it up pick it up and
leave it on the ground
like you know buddy so and there are
three are three clear Easter eggs that
how we will build a team then there's an
app can map those are Friday strange
$1.00 is also I don't know big clear
ones adults glitter adults all the other
Easter eggs have five that's the one is
you can definitely should have been put
real all Emma daddy where's Maddox you
have one egg that's it one more rule
come here Gold is literally our sort of
handle line all right so we're supposed
to look for gold and sparkly oh oh
not gold polling is fun I get a clearer
sparkly one there's a water ball it is
free game because it's open
I just dated some animals start doing
this
gravity matic you what about all these
Tom is just feeling everybody's with a
similar and we got this one I feel like
we're just taking some kids right now
they would all love these big one I'm
kicking some ass right now
Ali look to your left
Maddox did you see a squirrel got it
roar Gustav that one oh girl of
starbursts
it's like Ali got more than me I did you
cheated
you're cheating Belinda let me see your
squirrel one that's actually really
funny I was wondering why they're all
taken apart the elusive squirrels no
candy around it is the state is April
starburst well Sam man those give you
some fat hyper squirrel I think we all
did hey that's a good cell right there
take my eggs
the next door to my cousin's house his
neighbor's actually have like horses and
cows and they have chickens and a little
bit legal look a little better goat he's
just hanging out right now
thanks Jeremy hi Jeremy to Betty go hi
Jeremy - billy goat oh you're so cute I
think we should get one mind um usually
go you're just hanging in here for right
now
he's going to come out in a second and
then I'll come play with you Oh marriage
tag-teaming there we go again grandma
perfect
grandma's going to feel you a deal from
you I catch it we can't take you
anywhere
hi gram I'm glad we didn't card saying
grandma got a scratch off 30 grand what
happens Lexi gets 30 grand
I get half that what are you packing
that's how you doing sir
likely to get that sixteen and one what
if I wind up on highway engineers or
Novation is determined you get a
honeymoon you get a 13 - steady one time
done with my side of the family well now
is your family thank you yes
we got one more house so now we're going
to this dad's house if I my mom and then
we got to put you know my gosh my mom
came over this morning we had to go to
Dad's I'm going to see his mom and we
gotta go home lots of food today and
lots of Easter eggs the Easter eco was
actually a lot of fun funny part is
maddoxes charge of kinematics is egg so
like the jokes have special eggs from
what collection science earlier and tar
had the glorious decades I had twenty
dollars in a domestic so I was the best
of everyone yeah picked up for the clear
eggs
oh my gosh Wow I'm a big yeah so we
ended up because it's clear eggs we know
getting these really cool terrorist
tumblers and some refreshers a star
I got does but it's so much fun because
there's only one kid today and I was
actually doing these dragons so what
have we learned today guys don't give up
your eggs until you open them remember
funny thing also today's my grandma the
Haldex goes you know so funny about
Easter is there eggs everywhere
speaking of eggs you should have a baby
what kind of cycle in Yemen my grandma
doesn't mean well it kind of makes sense
it does make sense
my grandma's like really here for us to
have a baby okay
energy is all those awful awful excuses
I'm going to die one day unlike that is
the worst thing you could ever say to me
it was really like share the baby's
things I'm gonna die one day I'll think
seven comes over me she goes when you
have a kid I'm like locking area
absolutely they get your granddaughter
we've gone from house to house today for
Easter which is always the thing like
for any holidays though it's a one house
next house makes a snack now it's very
exhausting we're going home right now I
think you should we haven't done it we
should color egg really amazing yeah
some huevos I thought I've got egg white
colors of egg white and what I see what
I love I'm sensing a lot of people live
in color
you know excess natural things like not
easily well not using like a dye they're
using like like onion or you think like
potatoes or using another absolutely and
I something with an onion just like no
would it be like blackboard onions all
purple I was like a white audience I do
Barry exam Barry's blackberry the same
as you Estes nature sustainable it was
great though I feel like I was failing
they always already starts I can barely
support now
looks like you think I'm just leaning in
to stay in the shot I just can't move
the body why are we colouring white you
can't tell anything
did you put like food coloring in it I
like reading it just blew it are you
going to meet them no I don't want to
waste I want to be wasteful we're going
to do this egg well with hard-boiled
eggs I like to put either myself or make
egg salad let me ask you what's your
favorite Easter tradition like use your
family go to Mass on Sunday does your
family color eggs other division is very
much you guys like do some crazy unique
weird day that's very unique to your
family on Easter celebrate the happy
magic magical raspberry yeah somebody
dress up as rabbit I wish I did Paige
what's right
I was talking to Kelly taking the Caddy
water and I was like saying that looked
like
paestum I was like did you teach her
sarcasm already - if he's like what I'm
like what she eats she goes he goes yeah
she just started doing this
go guess 100 you Craig okay smell it
smell it smell it right did you get it
no freaking way
Wow that's what three sexy got it there
you go
another one no he's so sweet about
accumulate all this food
make it you my god he's so creepy - got
it
she got - okay so okay Marley you just
got to go outside homegirl she's too
smart
oh my god we got home I got this like
really bad headache so I decided that I
don't really want to do coloring eggs
this year because I can't focus
every time I focus on something I have
the setting I think it's just because
we've been goin goin goin all day but we
never said that we couldn't do a Easter
egg hunt with the pups which is kind of
cute do you think he'll do it there you
go
Wow three-second hard blood though you
got this all she's picking up that thing
and it's in there
you suck mark is it oh boy oh boy get a
bike days Wayne to Marley she'll teach
him we're gonna pick this up a notch
come on let's go I'm gonna go hide these
now you have to sit here you have to
wait oh nice
she played it off I get the eggs come on
do a good jump
that's a terrible jump what kind of jump
was that you don't even trying
you don't even trying come on you're not
eat that sighs I'll try Oh get out of
the closet ha ha ha you know what's
funny is that actually sounds like a
bark you so quiet
thank you for being quiet all right I
will hide these eggs you got the same
here yeah so could you spaz
the roll it on the ground so the scent
scent gets everywhere yes I'm complete
with a dingbat make sure you find them
we'll put one right here put one right
here and we'll put one up here okay do
the fun go find the eggs go find them
you'll find them you're so close to both
of them though can't tell who's gonna
fight us first so close so right you're
on
close who do you thinks gonna find a
dinner now I'm not going to tell you oh
stop it you will look for yourself but
you left so cool I think seriously silly
oh you'll find that one ah someone don't
be a little bitch
hey see okay so he's gonna get a treat
now so the little freaking that's not
fair no so I was right so you reset you
were right there okay we'll just kick it
Oh nope nope nope you can't have that
too since all you what I'll let Marley
get this so cute though nope good stinky
GPA
so delegate get it though there's a
third one somewhere basically got a fun
what the hell I saw it I think if on
camera what are you doing up there
morally silly over here
oh oh oh exactly the treat it's right
there you're stepping on it
dummy all right looks like Marley one
that Easter egg contest this year and
she's done fortunate I think that should
be the new tradition for the CTFxC doggy
Easter egg hunt contest we had an adult
Easter egg contest which is actually
pretty fun never really did that before
I have to give shot at Ali's uh her
cousin for lacing all the eggs with
scratch offs and cash such a fun idea I
hope all of you guys had a wonderful you
search you don't celebrate Easter happy
magical rabbit day where we can call it
rabbit to hide chicken eggs day and
please don't forget to click the like
button and subscribe right there thumbs
up guys right there I will see you guys
tomorrow is over have a wonderful night
guys peace out so stupid I mean good
night that sounds way better I guess
