I did something really bad
um I pulled the Charles yeah yeah I did
I straight up older I was okay in
Charles to defense I kinda did pull an
alley but I dropped my case so I dropped
my phone in the life of you guys to see
the blackness over the table yeah I'll
make it rainbow just because then you
can yeah there it is well I dropped my
phone in the water last night I like
when tea I take a bubble bath and put on
some music and I picked up my phone and
it slipped out of my lovely fingers and
we're gonna get a fix however we got
here a little late and missed my
appointment which I am usually he knows
this I'm very tight on making sure we
get to places on time and we were late
today so we missed our appointment which
makes me feel really bad I feel like an
asshole three hours but good thing is we
did get some work done today
we got a conference call done today it's
not like it's completely wasted no I'm
playing a video game with Danny and
Frankie kill some time want to go say hi
to mr. Easter Bunny
I don't know sanneh I get cuz you get to
look like Santa the Easter Bunny could
be literally anybody who knows it could
be me
so we're back at the Apple Store and
Charles is extremely excited about it it
still kind of works it's just it says
there's no sim card so technically I
can't make a phone call or connect to
the internet but I can still touch it
and the screen works screen actually
works better now that I dropped in the
water
do we just discovered that this cam
bucho kombucha but of the hell is called
the every 21 or older because it has
0.5% alcohol
point zero five I'm sorry which is kind
of crazy basic this cuz of the
fermentation it's not because there's
alcoholic which is crazy because this
has kombucha in as well but there's no
alcoholic thing I guess amorphous soda
very interesting learn something new
every day what exactly is common it's a
mushroom I think it's a mushroom isn't
fermented Russia what we had in Hawaii
go read the raw or the raw fresh
kombucha or in Hawaii pre dengue medium
before I don't remember anything other
than Benguet my friend Liz is talking to
yesterday wrong thing because she's
going to live
oh yeah that's where I got it haha I
think I got gin game Ali was the first
one in the continental United States are
be designated or beat that be diagnosed
in the continental US she was the first
one Ali was the poster child of dengue
back in the day
dengue in the day oh and the official
sad song music video is out um We The
Kings channel so you guys can go check
that out the hope that a lot loved was
it I bet that that was it two months ago
where they filmed the entire music video
in our house so go check it out you guys
can probably find little things that
look like our house because it is so go
check it out I think it came out pretty
good and yeah showed some love guys also
what's the date April
today is April 14th 15th when you're
watching this so that means we have 15
16 days until the beginning of the year
was it your nine of the CTFxC so I just
got the montage video for year eight so
that'll be live as always on May when do
we upload that wouldn't do the montage
for you anyway the montage video for
year eight is already and it looks
amazing and I can't wait to upload it
but yeah so D rate or would be year nine
yeah it's end of your 8 on the start of
the year 9 so the urate montage will be
live the first or the second what he'll
be live soon I just want to let you guys
know the urate montage is done so I got
this nifty little device to see if
there's any voltage going through
everything I'm starting to get really
pissed off so apparently I'm supposed to
just touch it well that's not right oh
there we go so this voltage going
through here wait was it was that a
fluke am I doing this correctly Oh what
is this so pretty oh god now that's what
you are you saw it go red right I'm like
losing my mind
again this is a piece of crap never mind
it's not as cool as I thought oh alright
so this one's going through I'm thinking
maybe it's like turned off so I came
inside that kind of test things so
theoretically I'm supposed to just get
close to it that's good so this voltage
here obviously was this guy okay alright
so it works
air pressure yep
Little Night Lights yep I don't stuck
that in there like an idiot this is the
one that's been giving us problems so
what okay you serious this doesn't make
any sense
how is their current going through here
but it doesn't work I don't know how to
be a handyman anymore this doesn't make
any sense to me his power going through
here that means it's not cut I wish I
knew somebody that knows this literally
every time I hear that beep that means
just like people all right
I'm finding all the cables this is the
main one that goes to everything that
doesn't look cut because if I go like
this well maybe it is yes see it's got
some current going through it it's so
frustrating and this is obviously one
that is not so you can see that I'm not
just lying still wouldn't want to do
this for me this is pain in the ass and
this shouldn't be having anything wait
why is that doing that perfect so it's
the only thing that should be getting
current and
so that means I have no idea what that
means
electrical electrical lots of logical
power power power
so what blue means lots of luck all
right yeah so here's what's different
though see how there's it's that all
okay see this is the over here though
any watch so this current coming through
here and this kind of coming through
there which means current should be
going to here so this is live
aha so once a ground then that's scary
so I might be the ground boy oh boy
we come over here I better not be any
current going to get it I need a better
voltage tester or China I don't always
like agree on these type of situations
because I'm more the person let's make
sure that we know exactly what we're
doing before we start tearing apart the
yard and he's more honey I think I can
figure it out let me try and figure it
out that way we don't have to pay
anybody which I can totally agree
here's the difference though char thinks
he knows what he's doing okay because
he's like oh my god I had this thing
that had this thing that tests the wires
and that will show me like hey this
wires acted this wire isn't active if
you spent like 20 bucks on this little
thing that potentially will tell you if
the wires active or alive I just don't
want him to go because he's putting it
on certain parts of the wire or it's
saying yes and then certain parts of the
wire would say no and I would rather him
not share at the entire yard and think
that he knows when doing as opposed to
waiting and getting professional help
however I do trust him and I do believe
in him but I still think that he should
wait I don't know this is our dilemma I
mean it's not that I don't have
confidence in him I'm just worried I
know this why I don't know our house is
falling all righty but nope No ah do you
wait for someone to help him or should
he just do it himself
you seem like a wise one blink if you
think we should wait
no blinking I can wait for a blink I
went and got this new little nifty guy
because the other guy apparently wasn't
good enough I got this high grade one
and I'm already seeing that this is
becoming an issue because this is the
one coming from the house and it's not
near 12 volts so that's what's going on
with this one
at least we're figuring that out I know
today is like Charles how today so this
is coming directly from the house and
it's still reading less than 12 volts I
know there's power because when they
touch by accident see there's power in
there
that's definitely power but the knees
are supposed to go to here I'm just
still no power don't worry I found out
12 volts as always running through here
and the guys were like oh don't worry
you're not gonna lectric it yourself I
know I'm very reassured on this whole
situation so these two need to be apart
from each other I think it's gotten to a
point where I have stopped caring and
I'm just I know I shouldn't probably do
that here let's do this Oh safer that's
only 12 volts I've been a shirt okay so
what I need to do for safety I'm going
to put this guy in here now put you in
here well this thing didn't help me at
all and I officially give up I really
didn't want to I hate wasting money but
I cannot figure this out for the life of
me it's so funny they all walk at
different paces I have to just hold it
like this otherwise they are just
tangled mess Marly takes the lead Zoe
takes up the rear so after much time
spent at Home Depot finding out all the
information that we needed to find out
the guy that Charles talked to it's like
super super helpful and really explain
to him what he needed to do the advice
that he needed to use if it was I don't
wanna say like a line cut or if there
was something where the power wasn't
getting to a certain point
so I guess some kind of be like a lion
cut then this devices he gave him or
that he helped him find should help him
figure out what's going on however we
didn't get to the bottom of it Charles
tried and tried and tried even though I
had a little doubt in him I shouldn't
even say that I shouldn't save doubt but
I'm I am very impressed that he didn't
give up and and trying to figure out
what was going on with the lights on our
part of our house but we didn't figure
it out my mom has been kind of like
tackling this cold that I feel like the
boys had when they were on the bus so I
ended up buying my mom like a rose bush
because my mom is Severus but she's all
the time at her house and she hasn't had
him for a really really long time so I
went and got her a rosebush that I'm
gonna bring to her tomorrow I was gonna
go tonight but she's not feeling that
well and I didn't want to go over there
and bother her so I'm gonna try and go
over tomorrow get that over to her
anybody that's going through this cold I
know how much it sucks so take your
vitamins I don't know what isn't having
to be recently but they might turn into
mom my am i turning into mom like I
can't even like if I was having a bad
day I couldn't even have a bad day
because you're just so damn cute okay
look how cute that is
Andy lets me do that
here you go
since your butt party on Friday night
how long is this song babies are tired
so I was talking to Ben and she's still
doing it and he told me to check out
this episode of world of wonders or
something like that I'll just show it to
you guys he could you know Ben he laughs
very easily by like the way I heard him
laugh was maniacal the name of it snacks
text me and told me that put on the show
and just listen to it cuz he could crack
it up get it cuz their boobs they could
be a mile of my logs melt off
presentation up I know that's very
childish but no I lose pretty damn funny
I already left a lot but they're not
feeding on nuts and seeds of the bird
table the largest prey they're likely to
dine out on a small incentive occasions
were great in Spanish to get this we've
seen great it's finding a different
source of these spiny those great tips
we can't control these guys can join
them well guys I kind of failed today
I'm a little upset with myself that I
wasn't able to do yeah I didn't fail but
I didn't get successful you were you
kept me from electrocuting myself true
to I feel like I'm not gonna give up
though you guys know me I won't be given
up anytime soon I will figure out how to
somehow fix that thing and I feel like
once I do I'm gonna feel so accomplished
and my question of the day actually for
you guys what kind of personality are
you are you the type that like kind of
walks away can you can find yourself
walking away for something or do you
like have something that just bothers
you it bothers you until you can
actually complete a test whether it's a
task a thing a person I don't whatever
it is you get the idea what I'm trying
to say my type of personality is when I
start a project I can't do anything or
think about anything until that project
is completed and on that note
Marley making noise again I feel like
Marley is always making noise what I'm
trying to say good night I will see you
guys tomorrow as always and have a
wonderful night
bye guys
