don't do it don't stop it I'm gonna kick
Charles what do you want this is what I
do in my afternoons and they got
sunbathing beauty over there and
afternoon pretty girl you look so comfy
give me my ball back
well good afternoon Internet it is
freaking beautiful out and Charles is
still in his pajamas honey you're just
gonna wear your pajamas all day with
that crazy hair of yours look at that
hair babe give me give me a good
afternoon smile give it to me Oh you
look it's so good you even have fuzz
balls in your hair look at me
show me those lips show me those
beautiful eyelashes let me see him look
at me straight up dude right now I can
old married honey not in the house I was
just thinking you look like you look
like a old guy just watering you Oh II
don't do it you do the baby okay
chlorophyll so good you look like good
you love me and you're still in your
pajamas look at how she doesn't get
ready oh pretty good it feels good
actually yeah you'll see your ears up
there she is come on she was like you
care
she's like screw you I'm so come here
look at this little tail just like look
there you know do you stay ready stay
I'm torn we're dead come on stay come
you gonna get sprayed everybody you're
gonna get specialisms no lizards
he's off already with the lizards
Marley's like keeping your distance mrs.
Marley's girlfriends always like I just
don't I don't want to deal with this
right now Charles you were straight-up
an asshole don't do it don't stop it I'm
gonna kick Charles don't don't spray me
don't spray me okay this does not work
on this one Oh
lots of pressure Rindy god I'm telling
you I have to tell it with the child
Oh Charles should stop it I don't want
to have to keep trying them off you
scared stop he's gonna go wipe his white
body all over good furniture not my feet
don't Charles
shit dick he's like I don't trust you
that you're gonna spray me English it's
kind of logical see this is why I didn't
want you guys get out come on
so much for nice clean stuff it's okay
your dad's a dickhead
dick he said he didn't trust me because
he thought that I would spray him
technically I can kind of understand
however I wasn't gonna do it
yeah I love you too no no no dear
well no idea how this frickin happened a
little it was the spring water that's
all I was doing now about the paint and
somehow I guess the hell out of myself
blood we put this door in probably a
good year ago and we still have never
gotten around to painting it's alley is
now entrusted in me to paint this door
don't know if it's a good thing or a bad
thing but I do know I need to take this
off so that's D no but I'm gonna paint
you your little Vegas skunk I'll make
you a very skunk you obvious gunk I can
make your skunk surprisingly this
thing's acting as long as all our other
projects but you could totally tell the
difference see there's the door and
here's what it used to be you know
disgusting light and I was like this
gray up there's a spot that he's just
fixed come back to that while on tour I
was thinking about all these things I
had to do
so the second naturally I got home I
just started going crazy you know
painting doing that little like accent
wall doubt that's a little new but I
just went circles are there but there's
one thing that was really driving me
crazy which was these lights out our
front house basically lights that just
kind of light up that front of the house
you know the trees yes they're
spotlights lawn spotlights but it's been
driving me crazy since I left for tour
so I'm just gonna stop procrastinating
it's basically what I've been trying to
do last few days I think you've seen
Ally and I've been going forget the
locker door
we can kind of going a little bit crazy
as far as all that kind of stuff
always forget about the home we've been
going a little bit crazy trying to get
things done and that's pretty much why
is that we're not procrastinating
anymore we got this done then their
sprinkler systems getting done I have a
guy coming out completely to do that and
then we keep toying back-and-forth with
a pool idea still but I don't think
that's gonna happen just because the
same situations last time but we went to
the house in Sarasota and we kind of
remembered how awesome the pool was so I
don't know I don't think I'll ever get
rid of that idea plus the grass is just
kind of screwing up right now
it's just I can't get rid of it you guys
want to see how Ally asks for custom
coffee well now this is why our sticker
pack works so perfectly so let's just go
get our stickers okay and was used a
perfect one
I wanted to reorganize it a little bit
better there we go
oh how we love each other feels the old
ones
what's going on the old ones that we
have or halogen oh my guess is that idea
halogen LED one se some premium lights
that light up our dumb trees so stupid
what our neighborhood was kind of
complaining which is even stupid crap if
you can't see a tree right you see the
tree in the daytime why do you have to
see it at night whatever it'll look
nicer I don't know if we're gonna figure
this one out though okay so we got the
new lights in places recommend that you
wrapped with electrical tape you know
that is that gonna go between the wire
that's the wire that connected the old
one you know talking about the long one
that goes under the ground kind of oh
yeah that's my point
but hopefully place the wire connector
on opposite sides at the low voltage
cable from the transformer from the
transformer what I'm afraid of is why
don't we take a picture of this and then
show it to them at Home Depot because
maybe they can give us a better idea
well I can I can figure it out I'll just
open up everything because I don't want
live wires maybe if we keep those on the
ends because what it looks like is like
it's wrapped around this if you look at
the photo it looks like it's connected
around this but what I'm afraid of is hi
is doing this and then I think incorrect
am I making sense here dummy
mm-hmm
that's why the caps are on and they're
not touching I'm not that dumb I learned
you're not dumb baby I just I guess wire
connectors see on opposite sides of low
voltage cable not including speed
interaction from the transformer okay so
this goes like this nervous
don't make me scared and confused
Charlie looks scared and can be what it
looks like I know what I think you
should be the dressing I'm reading the
director I'm kind of thinking oh my
Ravana that we just have somebody
because honey I love you would you put
holes in the wall you tried to fix other
things and I haven't been fixed it's not
that I don't think you're capable but I
think there's some professionals that
might be a little bit more capable I'm
not sure if it's correct don't be so sad
you have the cute little a balls that I
ever get so let me go throw this away
why are you throwing that away don't
throw it away
I'm gonna give you know we were looking
for some pi√±atas right now and I have
to say this is probably the coolest
freakin pant pinatas magazine we should
just get that for now that is amazing
that your fake cry well as you saw the
lights were incorrect I think I just
like Valley in the car
let's go skirty security so we steal my
car I love doing that
I just steal my car why would I fall
over right in the tree okay well that's
I do okay so the guy said I can just get
a stripper not the good kind
but like apply the thing so I can just
rip that thing and cut it right off I
feel like that's what we got to do all
right let's go get one guys really come
on babe you can pick up this flipper
what I did was I went super I don't even
know what you call it primitive and I
just cut those things off and attached
it so this is this is the new one those
are the old ones this one's pretty much
the exact same thing but I think what
I'm noticing is maybe when they did the
lawn
actually I think was Assad people when
came and did the side I think they cut
that entire side of the house because
those are fine right I'm proud of myself
for at least figuring this much out and
it was so funny the guy was like it's 12
volts you're not gonna electrocute
yourself you won't even feel it so I was
like okay I'm gonna try this now so it
definitely looks like the stupid sod
people destroyed everything
I literally just looked at this out of
the ground not even hard thank you
they literally disconnected every single
thing when they were putting everything
down
so wine I want to find that side company
and punch him in your head makes sense
can't believe it alright where's the
animal you want to help me out though
sniff it out
sniff out the bad electricity so good
news and I think bad news good news four
of those work bad news the entire other
side of the house does not work and I
found well the cables they're coming
from I tested the cables directly out
from the house they're fine so that
means we have to find out which cable is
broken and where it's broken so we can
reconnect it I think what it is is like
think Christmas lights you know if one
ball goes the entire strand goes and you
got to find that broken bulb and replace
it and I think that's what's going on
and yes it's not a bulb it's it's wire
so it's even harder to find and it's
underground possibly under the driveway
what leads me to think it's not under a
driveway though is cuz I think just I
really think it's to sod people because
we pulled what we literally pulled one
up and it was completely cut it was
severed
like somebody was using a shovel and
just severed it I'm imagining not anyone
did it on purpose but at the same time
it's very frustrating but also I feel
like I'm gonna feel really rewarded if I
actually get this taken care of like if
I can do it but right now for working
side means I can take back $80 worth of
lights so I'm already happy about that
why can't you guys do that she has no
idea she's not on leash right now she's
being super good let's go come on
let's go I feel like Zoey's the only one
I can actually do this with I actually
think it is come on pal
this is something about me that I'm
pretty sure alone Marly every time I try
to talk yes you guys probably already
know about me is that I can't let things
go like I get so like like I'm kind of
I'm kind of a baby
what I start a project I want to finish
it I guess is what I'm trying to say and
it's frustrating the hell out of me that
I can I determine it would be the word I
get really frustrated when I can't
figure something out
like right now it's like 10:30 almost 11
o'clock at night and I just want to be
outside right now trying to figure out
where the broken cable is I have
problems truth TR Oh Oh F
I said truth what I'm really hoping for
though is that those are okay and I get
to return all this because this is
pretty expensive stuff and if I don't
have to keep it what is that supposed to
mean we had a bounce house in the house
no really you know do some really fun
stuff like painted or I read about that
yeah and then we we're like really
wanted to you know like we wanted it it
was actually kind of funny we were
started with a bounce house in this
house and now we're worrying about
lights it's called growing out yeah you
still be a grown-up and still have a kid
mentality because God knows I'm gonna
have that for a long time I like corn
dog see I'm eating corn dogs for dinner
that's
I'm gonna get a corn dogs with tater
salad potato salad on see that just
proves all right guys well this I wasn't
paying attention and look like Ally did
this little thing I I'll leave it I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video I feel a
little bit accomplished each day I've
been home I feel a little bit more
accomplished Hailey's making faces at me
make faces now she's got the stupid hair
thing going I will see you guys tomorrow
as always have a great night
oh and by the way go wish valentina and
Danny a very happy little boy I guess
congratulations on their little boy yeah
they found out yesterday go give them
huge congratulations we couldn't be
happier for I'm gonna share the love
guys go check it out and we will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a wonderful
night bye guys
she has no brawn
