this is what it looks like when I wake
up before I do anything good two days
later got my computer already back and
they replaced the logic for the i/o
board I'm so glad I backed it up if you
ever have to take anything to Apple for
repair back it up because everything is
gone on my computer but luckily it's
backed up on a giant drill open I had a
mini panic attack I guess you know
changing a lot of poor things like that
happen oh that was scary per second now
that I found out everything is turned
deleted I gotta go back and try to find
everything from the settings to basic
settings to emails she's finishing up I
think they came out really freaking
awesome you don't like the plan I
actually kind of do it makes it look
like a jungle the one on the right is
really nice
well please let's do the Internet what
do you guys think one or both Wow they
forgot two of these Teddy ho Internet
why you know like wait a second I get it
good morning Tommy - good morning
panja's good evening good morning and
good night yeah and then it good morning
good evening tonight good morning good
evening and good night did you think of
every catchphrase Jim Carrey has ever
done all righty then do not go in there
I just made some turn no I just think it
came all together late good morning good
night and whatever
more than I can think of there was one
from the mask yes I think the mask is uh
okay yeah hang on handy and attack I
know it's going to be this is a
challenge for the internet right now the
comment give you a more interactive 'no
sin the video figure out think of all
the hedge phrases that it's been too
nice encouraging carrying tax no
reasoning is we watched Saturday
Saturday Night Live the other name is
Jim kids we really hadn't seen it and
then there's a section where he was
doing all these catchphrases but she's
got so many pretty things like I wonder
I didn't even think about that only be
your catchphrase
mine would be hello internet probably
what would be - I don't say everything's
rad but I'm not sense of catchphrase I
feel he goes would you spell okay I was
cute it's gonna be cute childhood early
years or so maybe mine uh we happy that
out what would Charles and my cat for
speeding doesn't have to be together
mine would be bomb diggity very bomb but
that's the bomb diggity
now lice enough though you say bitches
Confucius I just envisioned a doctor you
say all the time so we're back here
again
see yourself come back here again we had
to return some stuff because we got like
quadruplets of things of the same thing
and I'm like well we could basically use
this but we already got four of them so
we returned a few things they're all
amazing gifts I kind of like still we're
walking around crazy barrel right now
because probably when it touches on a
row inside for example I literally
stopped keep myself we're looking for a
business not a joke a laundry basket
forwards bathroom because I tend to
throw my clothes on the ground and then
when we do that our clothes kind of
gather up and it just looks bad so guess
how much that one is
it looks like a garbage can hunt this is
110 bucks
this pasta the guards came out of it
better than that be a totally different
situation okay other than ours how many
books so guilty sentence one thing we're
not the type of people that do you know
we don't find Joe I thought we find more
joy in finding something like on sale
not that I'm very meek antique things
like I know I love funny man she knows
that quite quarter nose mail for twenty
thousand six hundred dollars not for me
thank you we do need a new t-shirt or we
need two additional chairs for Zanzibar
no yeah well I think we should do
something totally different like
different color there that's kind of
cool that's cricketer cry cry I wish you
serious
80 bucks 80 bucks no charge we paid 80
we have 75 we open the app we have to
sit on that chair for good luck to you
straight cause we're like Google where
the eye look we're very we're aware of
money being spent and don't like to do
it yeah if there's any bit of advice
from somebody who travels getting with
it never did good luggage like pretty
luggage I just love our school this is
cool but you know how quick that we cool
it probably destroyed in five seconds
but if you notice all my legs I get the
grandma Scouts tell that was been passed
down for years the only reason why I
have really nice luggage is remember
when Luther King's we were playing in
Macy's and Danny and I yes very kind of
funny and Daniel were like hey can we
get a discount on like luggage and are
like sure never hurts that never hurt if
you will no last war
you never know it's a comfort cover I
was comfortable I'm just gonna do very
here I really like that I want this one
I know it was like the Calvin Klein
clothing bed
I like the headboard to look at the
headboard whatever in this I want this
is a guy that's like come on honey come
on over to my bedroom
oh this is my 2000 count Egyptian cotton
you're updating if you came over my
bedroom and you save it I'd run you run
I would run
I want this do that okay that's
different okay or if you had that red
one I might cry - did you not hear what
I said about the whole headboard thing
I'm the only one thumbnails are there
yeah we keep calling lists because it
looks like Moses in front of us and
pretending like we're like beads or
something weird he called one basically
we said we had Finley and she has 24
hours to give us banana bread what do
you been into gluten-free in a dark
chocolate canvas it'll keep this green
yard looks like just like actually me to
do thank you and have a great day 26
hours and you job
is not what we got what your dog don't
you just talked about this I said I
don't want your dog need the door we
won't get your dog unless you show just
talked about this final one clue three
people so 22 hours boom three banana
break she lashes yeah three months no
let's do it 24 hours and you couldn't
read banana bread and gluten-free don't
you you know like don't free speech as
well or you will never see this
unconscious
I'm in a helicopter
I like tickle checks traffic - please
disregard how you get Batman's like what
does that mean cuz every time I'm Batman
Supergirl would the fun that's gonna
great if you want your dog to be missing
you unfortunate listen to your voice now
I'm mad yep 24 hours to listen to your
voice now and respond flying you will
never see your precious dog again no we
won't grab your dog over again
the point was well taken care of the
ransom is the best bars I used to I've
been doing this tent for her for
30-something years just messing with it
free unforgivable
Luisi here let me help you we're
discovering that these doors not putting
correctly so Charles is being a true
handyman are you it was just right there
and he's like what's going on just
trying to figure it out
they had it literally next to it just
sitting here oh good wander I wasn't
working well yeah charm so impressed
with you right now and I feel light on
it's not not closed let's get out of the
way you're going to be an opinion yeah
those you know whoever we did these
things is a complete freaking war know
how I know how do you know anything if I
can do this okay and you're pretty dumb
you did at that get Marley a little bit
has to just sitting up there on that
couch just like laughing at us humans
still human
Marley are you judging us you look
judgey I get my man kind of 40 times now
today that is one big good about it and
then we'll go into the comment section
people like you actually did it wrong so
we feel good by comma Sheen's but then
we're like aw crap kind of feel a little
bit bad because we did wrong at least we
got it done so now were you here can I
help you what's gonna fill me now look
at my muscles that's what you need to do
Wow you need this room over me like some
flexsim let me simplex them oh man
that's a muscle
Charles looks like I'm gonna fart all
right feels like guilty sitting here
he's holding a camera we fixed it now
it's on track but it's not completely
fixed now we have to change a few things
around let me show you what I'm talking
about the door opens closes ready Circle
down there and not up here
ah I don't understand what can we get
ready we have to there's literally
nothing you can not fix now very very
true future children you're going to
have perfect closets
your doors are there you buy all your
doors are going to be able to close all
your bicycle doors are gonna be able to
close their mom and dad future mom and
dad isn't under control
bye bye see ya look so creepy look like
Jack Nicholson from The Shining
here's Johnny
not completely perfect but it's perfect
enough for us we're not perfect people
it works this was a pain in the butt
I'm lying and I understand why Japanese
I don't have a clue
that's a thing a sense if I go for me to
pull it up Oh hurry up yeah but yeah I
don't know why that one came too low
okay we're just going to make do with
that that's just how it's going to have
to be well I think that matters is it a
close but I just want I don't play give
you a high five I'm so impressive all
something you've been doing with house
will see the grass grows for anything
you win even win we have a record it is
reporting okay this is kind of abnormal
feel about the area yes cat we want to
have like a feeling it's been a while
since you've had a sit-down conversation
with you guys we're on conversation
today about how a lot of people in our
lives are having kids boyfriends are
having kids your traffic Olli we have
any etiquette Carly just kind of Carly
my cousin just had a baby and your
brother I probably don't have a baby and
we are we count on this conversation or
we've been having it a lot about kids
like good time we want to have kids some
kids you're going to have to have a
conversation about names and all that
stuff right and obviously we've seen a
lot of recommendations from you guys in
the comment section you guys have some
unique names every video it's like you
guys are expecting us to be like get
heaven obviously more as we once we got
married and we kind of wanted this to
talk a little bit and kind of like share
our opinions and our plans of what we
can plan I guess for our future our life
yeah I mean this is kind of a weird
conversation to have but you know you're
I love it I love the fact that everyone
said like having children yeah it's
actually on our mind as well so we kind
of just wanted to share where we are in
our life in our marriage and kind of
together we've talked about like having
children all right almost since we've
began what yeah just before getting
married - no wait I think it's actually
more so what - you're just about the I
but yeah pretty much our entire
relationship that's always go out of
mind cuz I gotta tell you as excited as
I am to have kids I'm so scared like I
really am I'm really nervous about
having kids and to me
I mean I'm 30 years old which is like a
totally normal time to have children
it's actually almost a later time in
like to have kids yeah
for most people a lot a lot of people
lately yet yes but it is normal to have
kids at this point in our lives turn I
don't really have a set schedule us when
we're going to have kids we kind of feel
like when it happens it happens and
that's what we really it's not only
something you can plan and I feel like
if you plan you have so many
expectations and there's room for
disappointment if you have so many
expectations if it happens it happens
and when it happens it happens and we
want to embrace that kind of like motto
that's the more beautiful way to kind of
accept that kind of situation we're kind
of like in an interesting position
because so many people in our lives that
are very close to us are having children
so it is something I think that crosses
our mind much more frequently than
special in our babies English yes I'm
addicts and babies and pain and all that
just but it is something that crosses
their mind a lot more frequently than I
think it used to just because there are
so many more easier life yeah and are
becoming more aunts and uncles and I
feel I know that it is like a big thing
like on our family's minds like we're
gonna have kids and I think that like
even with the internet like you guys you
guys always want to look over have kids
but honestly we can't even tell you what
do you want like a boy girl I can't say
that I don't know what really care my
thought process is I want a girl first
and then a boy because I've already been
the situation I was a boy my little
sister I used to beat up on my little
sister but I feel like older sister with
more nurturing well I had an older
sister and an older brothers my sister
was definitely nurturing she is always
like a really bright older sister or a
brother or an older brother he beat you
up right well no my finger's immediately
sat on your face before it depends no no
okay we're gonna defense like my older
brother with one male in a whole
household of favorite wrestlers you know
I don't know what I would want first I
ask you a question yeah what are you
scared like I'm good
see I'm high I'm actually genuinely
excited I'm ready to be a father I think
I feel like I've been
good one more important sooner Marley's
I just want you guys smell Lincoln this
is something that we do talk about and
we always wonder like when it's going to
happen right when we want to start
having kids and we can't tell you
because we don't know it's going to
probably be it's just the biggest of
five to you guys as it will be I can't
want it that way I don't want to be long
story short we obviously want kids and
it's something that we kind of just
addressing kids a lot of you guys ask it
isn't part of our family so I think it's
kind of cool to talk about it a little
bit and I have a question come on can I
say something like it I don't have a
question for you guys
anyone out there who had kids or who's
thinking about having kids or maybe it's
pregnant now or is on their second child
like like what were some of the thoughts
that ran through your mind when you
before you got talking to her while you
were pregnant or were you guys nervous
were you excited we planning it like was
it something that you were you were
ready for before it happened
how old were you guys when you had your
first kid I'm always like curious about
those things because I know nowadays
things are so different like even we're
talking about baby names in the car
we're talking about baby names I can't
tell you now yeah but baby names are so
different now than what they were before
and now they're like Apple though what
was the other ones everyone was like jet
which is a cool thing man
it's actually kind of a cool name yet
trippy what do you think I don't know
what kind of competition when you guys
don't let you know that like you want
all your best friends kids to hang out
and grow up together that's like such a
cool thing to be the king baby we said
mom okay so with that being said direct
no the judge called love don't move your
mouth gonna burn the front out red don't
move on my tan I gotta make a sense
Oh haven't we heard it looks bad be
normal
roses cheeks up ah I don't know why I
let you do this stuff and stop moving
cuz you men are so terrible you look so
pretty
did he like do this what if I was to eat
what'd I just eat these things you just
mess it all up when you kept talking
most there you and you're messin up does
it go stalking or no
I completely screwed it up now guys I
heard this is the gonna study you have
to do you can't say no to you Shh does
it how beautiful you look I look like I
just ate a bunch of like popsicles like
a lot of possible litter doesn't go away
it's still in our backyard this is why
we need a dar de pie mm-hmm based
identifying I'm working here you are
going to look like a beautiful little
garden I think you look beautiful I mean
I would come with you I get to get you
after this now you know super important
look how pretty look that's crossing a
line on woman woman I'm just getting the
vlog now because I have to go deal with
this stuff but I feel like this is that
we're going to end it I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video thumbs up for this
thumbs up for Ally's artwork okay
question of the day this or glitter
beard under be a glitter van I think
glitter beard number one wait we forgive
you look like a lip thing on there I
can't kiss my ass man I will see you
tomorrow don't forget to subscribe and
have a wonderful night bye guys see you
later
say goodnight
