we're going to go and learn about the
new car Ali's really excited he excited
still I did drive it for a little bit
last night oh we gotta get gas new car
smell I think that's the best thing
about cars like when you get a new one
is a new car smell even though I know
it's like toxic and everything but it
still smells awesome there is a fair
just when I leave of course you better
go to that fair at the local mall oh my
god it's a full on fair if you don't go
to that one gone I'm gonna be
disappointed you you Melissa I'm going
to the surf Expo this weekend I was
gonna go but I don't know I'm gonna hang
out with the food we've been running
around I got a print a bunch of stuff I
guess it's like documents so I can get
into the country of New Zealand and well
I can't forget my passport don't let me
forget my passport don't forget my
passport
I have this congestion in the flight
family
Caitlyn gave it to Ali Ali gave it to me
and I'm gonna give it to everybody on
the plane I'm gonna give it to I'm gonna
spread the germs in the furture I need
to get like one of those masks those
medical masks for their plan airplane
anyway so I got a pack all these things
we're running all these errands what I'm
saying is that last time please in the
airplane
yeah over here
please I got yeah we're gonna wait over
there in my earth light and back to me
you gotta print out all these uh
documents in order to get into the
country if I don't print those I'm going
to be sitting outside and immigration
although Australia New Zealand people
are so they're so friendly
I think probably wouldn't be bad at all
good question but I'm actually I really
don't know how different is the accents
between like New Zealand as opposed to
hurt for if you're there it's like the
difference between Canadian American
like it's very other than other like I
would know it like Americans would know
and Canadians would know it but people
overseas wouldn't know it's just like
Australians New Zealanders they know it
but if I if I were to go over there and
say the difference like one of them
would kick our ass the reason why I ask
is because I love like the Conchords and
I know that they were from New Zealand
so and I remember like threat I think is
bread its Brit Brit Brit had like an
issue with like an Australian person
yeah exactly I mean I don't want to be
insulting but I like I was just curious
no I mean it's a good question because
every time I go there I think it's like
I said from an outsider's perspective
it's like Canadian Americans like I know
the difference
Canadians are the difference but from
outside you guys might unless we says
about in a boot or like what's another
thing that they say don't you know well
that's just like northern that's like
that's Sophie I know that's Minnesota
that's a Minnesota okay anyway I gotta
go print out all this stuff it's kind of
like a party for Kathy I was mother
sisters
we're gonna just kinda like get together
and have some wine and some appetizers
and hang out so I'm gonna try to go but
I have this cold still and I don't want
to get everyone but the cold early
anniversary yeah I got me a new
anniversary gift okay we're not gonna
show it to you until tomorrow cuz Frank
Frankie made me do this for all this I'm
not a big anniversary person I don't
really care about like like getting
gifts and celebrating something that I'm
just not but I know the wedding
anniversary is like a little different
in a fire I didn't get you a gift I
would seriously feel guilty well here's
the thing for having here's the thing
about Ally her birthday and our
anniversary back to back so it's like
having a birthday just in front of
Christmas so you could double up no you
don't ever get you never get doubled up
when you have a birthday close to
Christmas on Christmas I think on
Christmas you get serious man okay well
anyway I always got a birthday and then
she's got a anniversary back to back dad
has his birthday on December 28th and so
he's like
that I'm still remember think it's just
a Christmas hug story short I already
know what I'm gonna get her for our
anniversary so she Frankie made her get
me one wait Frankie Duncan Danny Colin
Nate Casey yeah every one of them all
you guys can its very nerdy
I know but it's gonna be fun you know
what I think it'll be good for you guys
when you're on that 24-hour play yeah
and the tour bus which is gonna be nice
we don't be I don't want to tell you
guys I just want to show you guys
tomorrow we're all being nerds so I
gotta go print the stuff out otherwise
I'm gonna clean out of the way
I gotta go print this out otherwise I'm
staying in America other like like kinda
like was it Kohli
he wasn't Kohli the one that got stuck
in Europe yeah he lost his passport and
Kohli got stuck had to go to the embassy
and get stuck and couldn't go overseas
somewhere I just I don't want to miss
New Zealand Australia that's my favorite
place in Switzerland
Zurich or my favorite places at or so
other places - I like everywhere else
guys I talked to way too long oh my
tattoo so we got to get some wine for
the wine and cheese party for moms look
at this New Zealand I must say I'm not
gonna for one piece of fame everywhere
yeah so since Charlie's and feeling
super well he's gonna stay home practice
a little bit more relax hang out with
the darks coz he isn't gonna see them
for a few weeks I'm gonna head over to
my sister's right now I'm very excited I
get to show there are so my family the
car which I don't know it's so exciting
it's like it's like hey guess what you
want to see my new baby but it's not a
baby it's a car but it's by car baby
anyways I'm super excited to show
everybody and it's gonna be a nice
little name was this gonna come over and
we're just gonna hang out drink some
wine eat some cheese and be this type of
people
it'll be fun of course I don't feel like
a hundred percent so I have to keep
doing this baby that it's bad I have a
serious conversation it's mainly the
sinuses which is what screwed me up this
close to anyone else yet I'm imagining
if I do the neti pot a couple more times
I'll feel a little bit better I just
like I said I just cannot be sick on
this trip I don't want to ruin it I'm
sorry I had to do it it just got to Kate
she's making these what is this
prosciutto cheddar Johnny
Oh prosciutto parmesan and an apple and
she's gonna bake that milk so good that
sounds yummy
killing your super fancy we're having
like our little girls wine night with
Tom drinking beer and dad but Kaelyn got
this cheese what is this Merlot cheese
and delicious anything smoked is my
favorite and then pirate Lexie brought
that cheese over the both of these
cheese's over when she came home for
dinner and I literally just couldn't
sell it it's high anything smoked is my
favorite dipping that and my red wine
I'm gonna try this I don't want a huge
piece of the load cheese oh those are
koozies it does taste really good I like
it I said the golfcart word and they all
just came out and just you guys ready to
go on a golf cart ride everyone ready to
go on a golf cart ride yes
everyone stretch we gotta go get
medication it's gonna be fun yay
splendid
so I don't know what's going on right
now this is full speed and it feels like
the battery is like completely drained
however this thing is fully charged so I
have no idea what's going on right now
I'm a little bummed out I hope nothing's
broken on this thing but I'd forget to
love this stalker oh please please
please please please
alright here's gonna be the challenge I
feel like the last time I rode the golf
cart the same thing happened however it
was fully charged this time
and I have a little maybe the batteries
are screwing up that's what I'm hoping
for right now I'm going so slow and I'm
just praying that it get home because
the worst part right now is our house is
like on the top of a hill hence the
reason why we were really worried about
when the hurricane too much with
flooding but this is what's also gonna
suck about hopefully getting home yes
there's a freaking thought and it's
blinking this it's not good
oh and Ali's oh my god him there's out
the hill this isn't gonna work this is
just not gonna work
this is honestly the last thing I need
right now
Marley I just okay now what's the last
thing I need actually well fati on here
okay I'm fine actually you do this so a
good job help me out I managed to get it
to the front of our driveway can't get
it up because we have the hill but I did
have this extension cable so I have to
put and charging at the end of our
friggin driveway oh my god I can't
believe I did that though oh great oh it
took 40 minutes of my time awesome I
something's wrong with this golf cart
now I'm depressed
oh yeah got it in screw this I was so
done I made it home obviously and I oh
my god I feel so bad right now sucks
I got some theraflu going took a bunch
of other stuff so I'm just packing
getting things all taken care of
sorry the cat was doing something stupid
she's still eating those roses alright
well hold on let me turn that on there
you go dummy
anyway so I'm getting my my tools
already so we got the drone I got some
headphones got some GoPros I got the
switch going over there downloading some
games and I'm basically I'm just got the
case basically I had the best wife in
the world she surprised me with a early
anniversary gift
get me a video game I'm gonna be
completely obsessed but what's nice is
that everyone on the tour bus has one so
for the long flight as well so in our
bunks we're gonna probably all been
playing so I'm gonna go with some sleep
I got the base already one of the bases
I gotta find the case - one of the cases
I got like half of things going on I
don't know what's going on the phone
ever everyone's blowing me up as I'm
trying to do this right now
anyway I get to give a shout out to the
last of the CTFxC patrons for this month
Dylan Bert well Robert Jack Adrienne
Guzman oh here's one of my favorite
names in the world alistair spar him i
used to that was one of my favorite punk
bands - back in the day pop punk bands i
should say and michelle ingram and
melissa leaf MOS is a pretty cool name
as well thank you so much for being a
part of the CTFxC patrons this month you
guys want to check it out all the perks
and rewards and all that fun stuff
please go check it out in the
description anyway I'm gonna go pack get
to sleep and I will see you guys in New
Zealand actually a long flight and then
New Zealand so don't forget to subscribe
because some pretty cool stuff is gonna
happen got my tools I will see you guys
tomorrow
have a great night bye
you
