it's official a change has happened a
changes been made do you what it is
today we are making this change
no but you know what the date is it's
one month which we got married
I know nice level change my seat we got
to do that today so we get the marriage
license we got out of stock for got a
driver's license it's time to officially
change her name Wow yeah lock it down
lock it down look how much the trees
have been pollinating no flower
reproduction all over our car this looks
to be like a prop
I just got our passport information we
got to go but this weekend you think
this could affect our understanding this
is the last door laughing oh that's
right because you getting into social
jars like and Passport
this sounds like a whole room boy online
we are apparently we had a switch our
social before we can do anything so
frustrating because I call them almost
kind of baby running told you what
you're talking about change social
security number name whatever it is the
same thing somebody will pick up it's
just like a wild goose chase if any of
you guys ever do this please let us know
in the comments the process because this
might not happen today unfortunately
they just really don't want you to get
lookbook haha running into the crazy
right now the security blade I don't
know it's like the library everyone keep
everyone keeps getting yelled at for
like talking to lies it's actually got a
pond
she's worse than the DMV I never thought
of everything that's going to take
forever Ali told me to go get some
random errands done that way we can kind
of just tag-team the situation because
look at this crane start ATT slowly it's
moving there goes
that's so cool down right now anyway
I had to go pick up my medication and
just random things that way because I
was going unfortunately be stuck there
for a little bit of time so now we're
just go tech team this whole situation
well I just got done with the Social
Security office and God my name
officially changed to a Lee Murray
westenberg tricky so I know right it's a
lot but basically it takes a little bit
of time for to get into the system and
then once that happens I can go back
down to the DMV and change my name
officially on every other form of
document that I have so one little trick
yeah so my socials change but it takes
at least 24 to 48 hours for it to get
into the system which I'm a little bit
perturbed is that the right word a
little pieces off when I'm pissed like
pfff D like pfff s plus VD off peep-toe
they told me that I could go to the DMV
and get my license and things changed
and then go to Security office routing
information completely wrong information
so then I get to the Social Security
office
and I was just saying how to go my
husband told me that he called the
Social Security office or talk to
somebody from the Social Security office
they said that I could get a
receipts or something that verified that
I went to change my name and I can go
and get a change today like as in going
back down to the DMV and getting a new
license again wrong information when I
sat down with a guy at the booth he was
telling me yeah you could do that but
you're not going to be unchanged today
because it takes 24 to 48 hours for to
actually activate a strangelet something
like change our name in the system yeah
so he's like you know I wouldn't
recommend it he's like they tell people
this all the time it's incorrect I don't
know why they keep saying it so we're
not going to risk it because a lot of
our days are past due to you to come
change my name and getting possible well
technically you did change your name I
did so it's official a change has
happened a changes been made to the long
name I know which I change mine the
Charles ball should be lesson boy Toby
Charles ball turkey was summer Toby hey
Charles ball wasn't good no no I like I
like it
that's together and we're just going to
discuss what our kids names are going to
be and then laughing we're not going to
do the - it that's so much that's too
much I mean having our first mayoral
fight yeah I feel like that that's I
remember all the kids in my class that
had the hyphenated name and it was so
long for them I told her I had a friend
named Miriam she had a very very long
name but we'll see what happened
we'll talk about that when the day comes
now you want to come out run
subs Oh so he goes the son Diesel's
looking for lizard and a bunch of dumb
dogs we got a bunch of dumb cute guys
want to do some salsa dancing okay it is
time to figure out a fix this stupid
thing so frustrating it's so simple I
don't think I can fix it but the
goofiest face a goofy face yeah but
these are called bi-fold doors back to
trying to be mr. signature mrs. Fixit
you think it is okay so this is some
photo references
and that's the bottom that's it's a
pretty flower bottom pivot and bracket
holes this is the bottom at the bottom
well the bottom ones there though the
bottom one isn't connected in the ground
there's something over there
don't forget both of these just in case
it looks like it's at the ground you
want to grow on tomatoes
remember when marley would eat Marvin
and Margie's our neighbor and Sarasota's
we turn around and she was like eating
tomatoes Hill ended tomatoes the whole
plan is actually going to Pawnee now she
won't eat them she wants fresh potatoes
she wants fresh tomatoes we got Gorilla
Tape we got frog tape we got some duct
tape all right I going just trying to
find something for the the closet is
like $200 random stuff to do the house
paint
we got grass seeds I'm not giving up on
our lawn the grass seems obvious Oh
sounds fun fun well you know it's going
to take me 30 seconds no did you have to
all around the yard this is I don't know
this has been a struggle since the day
we bought the house for some reason the
grass is just not wanting to say you
guys have seen me do animal palates
Assad by myself and with Ali this is my
last-ditch effort and we did all those
rocks if it doesn't work I'm just giving
up and we're just going to go like total
like Vegas style and just get rid of all
that and put dirt everywhere what we're
going to do is I move some stuff out of
the way this is going to be our xml now
we're a little nervous because we're not
sure if the paint's going to turn out
the way that we want but we figured
great thing about pain is kind of not
liking it all we have to do is paint
over it so I wasn't that's exactly what
we're going to do and he's here outside
and he's going to tuck the grass I'm
going to tackle the wall because he's
not as precise as meet in the night this
way too soon this will end talking about
get distracted
are you gone do you think I'm going to
change into the wall I'm going to take
all of it all over with here's a child
you guys
burro's talk about Ali and I like
tag-teaming stuff right now I'm gonna go
see if I can fix the grass because this
has been happening that's why we did
this
oh look at all sparkles and glitter so
funny still there now this is all coming
up now too so hopefully this grass feed
is going to help in this situation
I feel like this has been an ongoing
situation for the past year and a half
or how long as I'm living here two years
now almost two years come on dog I need
your help all right so we got to do this
apparently this is gonna be like seed so
the birds are going to come so the doves
are now patrol no longer squirrels are
their prime opportunity is now bird so
the anti bird okay come on
stop eating the grass and use your help
dig a hole come on dig goal get rid of
the glitter ring here dig the hole
Stevie Wonder's egg so get it dig deep
dig there's a lizard there's a little
desert on that so he's up great eating
the grass I'm trying to pick make grass
not for you to eat it in cow here we go
oh yeah thank you
well your duty nor do they go do they
bring it's not coming out all right you
entry D you go duty discover the glitter
yonc√© guys and everybody be doing it
for my life kind of honestly you're
building a good guys public when you do
there you go the final product a really
cool I forget what the color was like
blue slate or gray slate which seems
like it would be the same thing but I
really like the way it actually turned
out super hard but it did pretty good
getting job but looks awesome doesn't it
and then my mom is actually going to be
taking that old TV scan of Charles so
we're going to try and figure out I got
another plant today something and
putting a plant over there and then a
plant over there or something over there
to kind of complement it because this is
such a unique room not tiny but it's
just unique and it's hard to place
things in there so you may get another
bench for the other side and then put
those two red chairs on this side or you
might get two totally different areas
but one there one there you know
question today what other rooms or walls
should we do for accent wall or we
really need to if we should redo the
stairs to different colors so now we're
kind of having second thoughts in the
color I mean I like it what we did we
should have had more of it because we
did have a neutral column you all know
that we did like one two three four or
five which either one is 1/3 you know I
live which is skipped color so that way
yeah so hard you see the the contrast in
the colors and some of its chipping off
so needs to be touched up regardless but
we might do a totally different color
for the stairs I mean I can't tell
because if you look at it in this camera
you can see the different colors well
right now you close oh well you can I
just see like it's right there it's like
hard to see but there's four different
colors there's a light blue comments the
next circus next arc is mix they yell
except I can't like this
do it we know we did it but I want like
four people walk in and well that's cool
that's how I got anyway cool yeah so but
Charlie are very much we're very
different people let me tell you what
we're very different people on ideas of
what we want to do what I wanted to do
with that wall originally was totally
different than what we did here but we
compromised and agreed on be great
because what I wanted to do was just
something that's been going around is
doing like a do before palette kind of
wall and I wanted to do it like that
cool grey color maybe a little bit more
very rather than the blue that we did
the photo booth wall it looks cool you
should have pain in the ass I don't know
if we would go yeah it's a pan mask and
it would have cost us some money so this
only costs $11 I mean we could change
the color of the office of the runtime
or some with this I mean you might be
painting by yourself home dog that what
I've done today and I'm really excited
about it but that is one project that's
to be excited about and I'm happy that
you did I sowed my oats outside yeah
this picture I showed the grass outside
being everyone's fingers crossed right
now fingers crossed emojis in the
comments birds don't eat it or the dogs
don't eat it adulting adult thing
couldn't figure out how to do this the
bi-fold doors so I see oh yeah tomorrow
you guys start styling this crazy hair
of yours you're looking like a tootsie
roll sound
yeah we got the milk goop cool
cigarillos limes right absolutely
correct that way I have to go like then
fix my hair
I've got it for Christmas but he's such
a dude who forgot to give this to us
just like him
sisters did you have all the the album
album covers and then there's this one
we the King six which alludes to the
next album but that will not be the
cover I just wanted to show you guys
because I keep forgetting to and I
thought they were so cool that I have to
show you guys is that Miss Philippines
or Singapore trizzie I don't know there
were you had that really cool outdoor
venue and you're like you should have
seen it everybody put their legs up in
the air well what's really cool is
people started doing that now
so people actually like sorry about it
okay so somebody like you know one
traveler says put your cell phones up
some guys literally took a cell phone or
like this and it when I'm tired is
without finds you see it yeah I talk
about stairs that's pretty cool like it
literally I don't know if the phone
around yeah well it did I think it was a
lighter lighter thing yeah is really I
was like oh my god I gotta get the yeah
I was super cool Fire Department this
morning filmed it okay that mean general
the data we're in Fort Lauderdale was
the port alarm huh alright before I stop
Randall I'm Randall I'm rambling now
just want to say good night Alex pretty
much already said that I will see you
guys tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe and we will see you
alright bye guys like button hit the
like that the like button I'll hit the
like button
so hey I screwed up a man now you can
call now exclude
you
