in sorcery guys it's almost 9 a.m. right
now I know I told you guys we will sleep
at 5:45 however there was a delay a big
one a really really big one and we were
trying to switch back to the old one I
told you guys that we switched and
apparently that one got delayed so
here's hoping there's not a day from
Hell going on I really also if you
remember I was with Travis however his
flight was ok oh it's plastic
this is turning already into a day so
apparently Colin already missed his
flight and I just spent I'm not even
kidding hour and a half trying to check
my bags that is never breaking through
the dog sorry distracted progress report
through security which is kind of funny
because that took a lot less of time but
actually dropping out the eggs off next
step is to get on the plane and then the
next step the main one is getting
through Atlanta
that's where everything is going bad
right now is Atlanta so fingers crossed
just got to Atlanta fingers crossed and
walked into the terminals yet so don't
really know it
get bumped off his flights Oh open
that's not the same with me well found
trash here's the funny thing
his flight was twelve thirty six in my
fries 1236 meeting in Atlanta exact same
time mine goes off so you're gonna go in
there yeah sure I've left what was at
6:00 a.m. 5:00 am 4:30 in the morning
after be on the phone for like seven
hours I have to tell you draft oxen
sleep over you asking for pumpkin
noodles and a mango smoothie
he's like sleep talking because he was
on the phone and he kept on asleep but
he was like yeah I'm here
I'll take pumpkin noodles Pangos losing
it I looked at it I was like yeah
because I'm a good friend tribe because
who doesn't like a good cookie in
sorcery I always knew this place is
haunted
this is a giant cluster right here
alright so you just saw the cluster
after look at that
look at that and the funniest part is
that you keep hearing like do not leave
your bags unattended and you just pan
over this is craziness over there
for the luggage I got this one which is
just a bunch of cables the important one
the bass still not here although I gotta
say I feel pretty pretty lucky that I
got get it out of Atlanta
way better than port traps he literally
left at 4 a.m. I remember because he
woke me up but it was legal
the hotel thought he had a better plate
and he technically did but then they
bumped him off that regular flight and
you stuck until I literally took off
whereas I was joking with them I was
like oh dude I'll see you in Atlanta
don't worry they know you won't look
good I'll see you in Atlanta
I think I'm a jinx um hello hello no
okay say hi to mom
did you put outside hey Dee
hey buddy you tired
good tell Charles just got home and as
soon as he got home I have to leave
gonna go and help my mom out really
quick she got like this dog couch thing
so I'm gonna go help her get that off
the car because my mom's gonna try and
do it by yourself and it's really bad if
she does something by yourself like that
because it's so heavy
hey new year this is kind of like blaaah
conception he's vlog I'm vlogging we're
vlogging together in two different
cameras wow this actually isn't that bad
it's kind of a cool little couch for a
dog I'm slightly jealous it was no she's
just laying on my shoulder and then I
got the psychopath over here hey psycho
hi psychopath kiss this burp the
Internet what you guys missed earlier is
that he was flea biting my entire body
but Lola so you see this like delay and
just becomes she's a good old girl
there's a calm one my mom says that
she's reborn and you are visual Rico
it looks like a shark oh you're so good
you're still good obviously just got
home from the chaos and I just got super
freaking motivated that's one start
cleaning stuff and organizing it so this
was a mess I don't sound stupid this was
a complete mess so I'm going through
this stuff I don't even want to show you
guys oh god the bat that probably down
there yeah it's just a freaking mess
right now and I also got to get through
the office because I got that new gold
record and I haven't hung that up yet
and I forgot to tell you guys check yes
Juliet went 1.5 so platinum and a half
so 1.5 million so we have another gold
record and if you guys didn't know sad
song is like a few thousand away from
going gold you guys have been downloaded
or bought sad song please if you have a
dollar
go find sad song go buy go download it
or just stream in a million times cuz
we're so close to having it go gold so
it's up to you guys let's make it go
gold and when we do Travis will shave
its head no you won't do that guys won't
see some of us cut crazy alright so you
guys have been with me alright you guys
want to see something crazy so a lot of
you guys have been watching these videos
for a long time so you've seen a lot of
the ups and the downs and I thought all
this stuff so I'm just kind of clearing
it all out and I was just blown away lit
up look at this these are all old pills
all medication and I'm just kind of like
crazy like excited because I'm looking
at all this stuff right now
sorry I assumed like an advertisement
and I'm just kind of like looking at all
this stuff right now and I'm actually
kind of proud of myself because these
are all medications that I no longer
have to take and I've kind of dwindled
it down to then Pat and lorazepam Oh
what's the other one called Oh lamictal
so those are only things I have to have
on top of the stuff that the doctors now
prescribe which is the CBD oil and
that's all it is so I have only three
medications that I have to really take
well is that for I mean instead of
having
how many was that taking like twelve a
day they told pieces of Medicaid 12
pills a day now I'm down to at the
daytime too and in the morning five and
then that's it another CBD oil every
once in a while like I think two or
three times a day or whatever I have
time and I was just thinking how crazy
that is and how much progress that has
been over the course of the years and a
lot of you like I said a lot of you guys
have been over the whole time and I want
to thank you for that it's kind of a
cool thing to have you guys motivate me
a little bit more and because some of
you guys wants in this video are kind of
going through similar situations so it's
kind of like you're motivating me and
hopefully the community maybe watching
these videos is motivating you to show
that you're not alone because that's
sometimes how I felt like that I was all
alone in the situation which I know I'm
not guys ready to see it I'll show you
guys look at this let's just open this
yes I have monkey feet nice and clean
nice and organized looking good if we go
over here
closets nice and organized clean that
off actually Ally clean that off a
little bit
now the rough one this is what it sucks
it just it gets nice and clean and then
it just don't know I come back from tour
or something happens and it just gets to
be a mess they end up doing with Ally's
desk is what I don't have any room on
here I just put it on her desk this fell
and I can't figure out the hell to do
with that and we got to figure out how
to dryclean Ally's wedding dresses don't
make fun of me I've been trying to
collapse this thing for Ike three
minutes I know I do have a difference
diesel do you know do this did you watch
her do this I feel like an idiot right
now I like how I'm always like you guys
want to watch me struggle it just makes
me look so stupid
Hey oh yeah what are you doing oh yeah
what are you doing I'm gonna break it
I love it look so I got a robot cleaning
while I do it the other room watch out
it is like what the fuck
D still doesn't get it Zoe Marlee don't
care much better much much much better
well it's starting to hit me I was doing
everything I was cleaning up everything
and then I got home and she made
sandwich for me and now I'm gonna like a
food mini food case and I haven't I
haven't slept in 48 hours so yeah that
could possibly be it to were you just
like rambling years old rambling woman I
I can't get the camera to go like level
I'm still not wanting the move right now
so I'll call back action right now yes
all my struggling with this this is how
easy al just comes and it's law it is no
oh maybe we were both can't figure this
out both tell me we're both dummies we
can't figure out probably something
simple up you gotta push it push it real
good babe okay well now I feel a little
bit better about myself
all right guys watch how easy this is
all right that's a dumb one
this is the big vacation is called a dog
cage
yeah
my
oh yeah sauce
yeah
you know I was talking you guys about
like the medication how like really
doing well about the other crap
medication there's a problem in the what
lies is that Vin Pat is still pretty new
to the market and kind of has weird side
effects guess what was it two months ago
not a month ago like two years ago I was
out and all of a sudden I started
feeling it and I just have to like chill
it's like kind of like a I don't have
anxiety attacks but it's what I imagined
an anxiety attack cause your heart beats
so fast and you get really woozy and
you'll get nauseous but you get like
it's almost like having equilibrium is
on a zipper at the fairgrounds were you
just constantly flipping or the zero
I have gravity thing yes that's what it
kind of feels like it to be nicer
because I want to start weaning off of
all this prescription like chemical
prescription and as I showed you guys
more of the CD oil which I'm pretty
excited because I feel like there's
going to be less reaction to our body
then the chemicals because it's always
they call it a cocktail and everyone's
different and sometimes your body does
well with it and sometimes your body
doesn't and it the problem is it does
really well when I eat today I was like
flying and like I came home I had a lie
made a sandwich and she knew I wasn't
feeling good so she's like snuggling pop
it on top of me it's so funny she gets
like her and diesel both get like really
super protective very intuitive a camera
well one thing that I always tell him is
don't forget to eat and that is the
biggest thing that he he dies like his
day goes by so fast especially when he's
traveling with the band constantly being
on the road and then jumping from hotel
to Airport to the next destination he
tends to forget to eat and I went and
helped my mom today came back it was
like one for 35
clean the house didn't feed himself i
right away made him a sandwich and then
it was shortly after that which is
around the timeframe that he takes his
medication which he took his medication
before you eat and this is something
that's happened before I'm sure that
those of you out there who are on
medication it always says to eat with
your medication or eat before your
medication because it can really make
you feel bad and today was a really
clear example of why that's important to
follow those directions I don't know
it's just but you took her you had to
take it easy for the rest yeah it just
knocked me out so I apologize if today's
video is a little short I just I got
knocked out and as a result Ali was here
with me the whole time you're looking
the floor hey what you doing so thank
you guys so much for understanding and
thank you guys so much for like we were
hesitant to show that to you I mean we
really really were I always feel like
very kind of nervous about sharing this
kind of stuff because sometimes I don't
want to share all those things Ali and I
were talking and we decided like it was
kind of important because these are
regulations that were collisions no
you're like yeah it's like a journal but
yeah no it's just I kinda wanted the I
was talking about how it was cool to get
off all those other prescriptions but
I'm still not off everything so there's
this little side of side effects
sometimes that just might be me ass I
just farted it was like an hour and a
half two hour process of him trying to
feel better and we kind of thought it
was important that you guys saw a little
bit of that obviously we didn't give you
like the full extent regardless thank
you that is you are awesome thank you
for always sticking around I'm making
him a pizza I asked him anything that he
wanted tonight I would get it for him
and make it for him if he wanted me to
go get him anything what would it be
he's like having heard a piece and I
said happen I make you a homemade pizza
cuz I made one time oh my god it's got
big bubbles oh god I forgot to do that
whoops guys thank you so much for
watching today's video don't forget to
hit that like button
because you know that we love it so hit
that thumbs up if you are brand new
please don't forget to subscribe we'll
see you tomorrow
bye guys
