this is actually kind of funny
hi internet in good morning
what hi hi Internet I got it I'm
actually pretty good mood right now
because usually I'm going to the airport
well I mean usually it's like 4:00 in
the morning 3:00 in the morning but
because today we're gonna be flying
American Airlines or I'm going to be
flying American Airlines I have a direct
flight to Philadelphia however I just
looked at everyone else's flights
they're still on Delta going through
Atlanta so we'll see if I'm the only one
who filled out anyway I feel like you
sound like the announcer my name is
Charles and I'm going on a plane to play
I don't like Southwest because they
wrangle you like cattle and then when
you get on the plane you have to choose
your seat so it's like when you were a
kid and choosing a seat on the school
bus where people would go like that not
make eye contact same thing yeah it's
the same thing no at least they changed
it unless they change it well then your
first class right to the front
well I mean you can't do that if you're
in the back of the plane
otherwise we can be a perfect world
right there that's the crazy
well if they change the policy they used
to a few years ago and that's why I was
always stressful I didn't really like it
at any rate got a show today got a
direct flight to Philadelphia the guys
are going through Atlanta so we'll see
what happens and like Delta cancel like
3,000 flights this week so far which is
insane because you take an average of
250 people per flight and around like 4
or $500 average times that by 3,000
somebody do the math it could be I'm
just doing averages do the math somebody
do the math we'll see how much money
Delta lost this week by having it's not
gonna crazy and here's the thing I don't
know I always wondered is you know I
have none of this fear flying if
sometimes flights really get out it's
bad but let's just see what happens I
don't think they're like that but I was
wondering if flights were like okay
you know we just go around it or they're
kind of like risky in what they can do
that up in the air but one sort like I'm
the trying to take off it's not a hard
to go around it no I totally get that
but I'm just saying that I always wonder
if there's like been times when flights
really nervous going oh I'm sure I'm
like probably 90% sure
Delta in any other like that possible
I had to do that
myself actually had a plane get struck
by lightning you know yeah I was loud
was like Brian that's exactly what it
was I was like BAM I say here's the deal
I
I was charging it on the way
and I should be unclean
so I had to wait for how to go all the
way around over the bridge and come all
the way back
that's something else excuse or solo
which I have noticed usually
do not like
kind of awkward
time more awkward than me Poppins camera
now
but everyone walking by right now
but it doesn't matter to me because like
I said I'm silly used to it but I've
noticed that people like asking you
somebody else's cell phone is like
asking them to come in the house and
make a sandwich in your kitchen
there she is
we've got to give props to Ali saving
the freakin day otherwise that would
have been oh my god seriously oh my god
hey please tell me this is the wrong
plan okay we're still good at 11:17
we're still good
I actually know that's actually not good
she was supposed to be 12:15
I've never actually been on this side of
the airport doesn't look like anyone's
board and though we're good
today I have decided that I'm gonna go
on a bike ride because I've had my bike
here for a little bit I am not yet I'm
sorry I know how inappropriate that is
but I don't really care I've had my bike
here for a little bit since my mom
brought it over and I've just been
wanting to ride it so bad so I'm gonna
go ahead
quantum like a little not an adventure
but I just enjoy outside cuz it's so
beautiful out and see what I can find so
here we go well made it here's the funny
thing actually it's not funny at all
actually really really sad Travis
Frankie Duncan
and Danny all took Delta over here and
they're still on a plane why they took
Delta
and I'm here Zak's here Nate's here
Collin and Casey here so we beat
everyone okay I've flown hundreds of
thousands of miles I think I'm even
close to be a million miler but here's
the thing I'm not here going through
what I'm trying to say is that so I flew
him so many times and I've never ever
gotten sick
I've never gotten plane sick or seasick
heard nauseous or anything like that but
for some reason this flight was so weird
the bumpy it was just constantly bumpy I
almost threw up I was actually looking
for you know those throat bags and of
course they didn't have
I almost lost it I saved it though
because I poor guy next to me I would
have puked all over do you know what
movie this reminds me of I asked what is
the die hard okay it's like the the
shootout under the airport I think it's
not hard to die with a vengeance it
always reminded me of that yes so I was
just talking everyone obviously felt
Callahan there's Nate and Casey over
there apparently what happened yesterday
I didn't make the show Hunter didn't
make the show you didn't make the show
Nate didn't make the show so the only
people that made it were Travis and
Danny and so they had to do like a two
person like twenty one pilot Pepa thing
and apparently they had a noise curfew
that's about this it's volume right here
I'm talking right now
drums alone are already about that this
has always been my favorite thing as we
filled out the airport let's just follow
this red ball
my house the wood blocks Wow
found it actually got funny I want to go
to the thing say I lost it or they lost
it and I was like doing all the
paperwork I look over to the right like
oh here it is totally spaced on that one
what I'm so happy because this is my
favorite olive green base that would
have been so upset had this been missing
on top of that wouldn't been on a play
show that would've been a pretty bad
thing I made it but that's guitar pardon
all right now I'm gonna find everybody
there's a lot of steps in this process
right now I've made it to that Lake that
charnot always bring the dog to to go
for a walk around and so if I've got
like two and a half miles which is very
good but I think I'm going to turn back
around just because my sister is gonna
be coming over but I have to say I do
not mind this view and driving towards
something like this
fundo and I are pretty much the only
ones here there's fit right here and
we're pulling into the school but we
can't figure out how to pronounce it
your sign is your Sinus as you are si si
NUS we're not sure I think it's your
sign and stay here noticing through a
tool I found out the guys are delayed
another hour so maybe they'll make the
show baby just like because they had a
two-man show there's a wall half a
trillion shows you have to see you know
great this goes this way here I'll call
calling hey how's it going
so how do you say this school or sinus
that's what it is
sorry we're trying to figure it out one
of the things like to do what I do in
college show it's going to find out
what's going on
so we've got flies right here
this is actually kind of funny this is
net I didn't see this net do I suck at
this thing I guess still and I was
flying this is the goalpost why
something I shouldn't be doing just like
a freaking spider blew it right into the
net I don't know if you guys can see it
it looks better on this side make sure
you I'm glad it's there nowhere else
it's actually pretty safe up there oh
this is super convenient it's like being
delivered to me sweet that's actually
kind of funny
that's probably the funniest place I
could actually fly the drone into I like
that story that's a fun one and then I
can just put right back where it was
you know what I need to get a carriage
for you guys I know that sounds very
spoiled but you have some old lady legs
and you were you were getting a little
slower you however I know you can keep
up with me so look that hair look at
that hair
that's awesome well it's so good and I
gotta tell you I really needed that I
really need to get out the outside
socially I'm days like this but it's so
beautiful I hate when I am like cooped
up inside even if I don't feel well or
if I'm like unmotivated I always like to
try and push myself and go outside and
just even be outside for like a half
hour I think it really makes a
difference in walking like a mile or
whatever it is it makes a huge
difference so I just got back home I'm
gonna let the little pups - guys we'll
go outside yes I'm gonna let them go
outside and I am gonna go meet up with
my sister and Claire Zoe you want to go
outside feeling good feeling
accomplished did four point four miles
today which isn't much on a bike but
it's something I just downloaded that
new app so I'm hoping that now that I
downloaded it I'm gonna ride my bike a
lot more it's like my motivation I had
this other app for running and you can
basically race people in the app but
it's more like racing in the sense of
how many miles do you do per week or how
many miles do you do per month and it
puts you in a ranking and so it's been
my motivation to always like be at the
top of the ranking board if I can and so
for this month I'm doing pretty good
are those delta flights
go ahead go skirt skirt best part right
we're literally walking the stage and
just pulled up look who's here
we got Jordan here now - what's going on
just give it some good life they're like
oh they're getting bears then we didn't
think the guys wouldn't get here
literally as we were walking you saw we
were walking to the stage they pulled in
4:30 in the morning and they just got
here at 7:00 meanwhile I got up at 12 I
got up at 12 o'clock I still beat you
guys for five hours
stay away from if you guys are watching
this and stay away from Atlanta right
now when you think it's better it's not
this is fun fun old way but for the
second now there's good I got a faulty
drum set
so I'm deal with that I didn't have
give me a switch listen to the click is
another thing so these are for when
you're playing two-player you slide it
down and then they have their solo
controllers look so this attaches to it
I can see this and has like the top wait
are these wait you're playing like that
no oh yeah but you want to use you play
like like this if you want
I genuinely didn't I apologize I feel
bad I genuinely didn't mean to do that
look bad
I'm a terrible friend over I'm sorry he
makes me look bad literally just restart
of the game is exactly where he fell off
the cliff exactly that's a cheat I put
in you ever heard a gameshark bro game
genie you don't have a middle name right
I don't have sand Danny the reason why I
say that is because Danny was letting up
letting us know that you can go and fill
paperwork and get a middle name
so Frankie are you gonna for sure do it
I have a hundred second change my mental
nothing changing I'm adding add legally
changing my middle name to Francisco
with a - with a - seven seven are thank
you skirt skirt does that that'll
probably be the most insane cool thing
I've ever heard yeah I'm good
I just want to hear somebody say your
name over PA you know when you do that
I think trav and I knows the guys are
gonna definitely tell like grocery
stores oh my god you call my friend
this tour just gonna trickle over how
would you tell about your name oh you
might have a middle name I'm officially
changing it to francisco's alright so
the show was pretty freakin cool to
travel here wasn't so bad cuz I had a
direct flight however trav and I were
gonna try to get on an earlier flight to
get home a little quicker
our original flight gets home in like
two or three and we saw a 5:45 flight
and we're like oh whatever screw it
we'll just wake up earlier like a couple
hours earlier and get home a few hours
earlier so we got it somehow we sweet
talk to a way to get it to the 5:45
which is crazy to me because who wants
to be on that flight I figured people
would want to like let us on that flight
long story short we got on the flight so
we're like alright 5:45 we got the gear
ready for every morning and here's the
kicker we went to go check in and it was
delayed for hours so now it's later than
the flight we were originally on just
our luck anyway I will see you guys
tomorrow as always hopefully it's not
gonna be a day from hell
have a great night guys bye
