you have to look for the top right come
here
I'll play you wanna play again right
come here I'll play again I have no idea
what this thing is I can't help it this
fight an astronaut I know you see move
I'm not gonna just blowing is that is
that a caterpillar are you sure weird
that moves except diesel dumb dog we are
on our way this afternoon to Sarasota we
are gonna go and
check out the house we're still trying
to get this the house is still on the
market
so we're deciding to figure out like
different photo options so we got the
drone able to take a cold roan shot do
an interactive kind of thing we're just
trying to think of cool ideas to put
with the house so that way maybe we can
get rid of the house a little quicker
because it's at the market when we put
it on it was really really high and then
the market now is kind of like plateaued
so we got to have to find something a
little bit more enticing so we're just
gonna go over there and kind of do some
minor little tweaks to it and it's gonna
be foot I'm very excited car always
thinks it's really funny that I like to
do so much yard work but I really love
doing yard work and being outside and
today it's so beautiful so I'm gonna go
over there and kind of check out things
and get that cleaned up he's gonna do it
of all days we just had a cold front so
now the pool might be cold totally I'm
going swimming with see how cold I don't
know if he's gonna go and do some like
really cool drone shots cause either you
lets playing that damn drone and we're
gonna do some updated photos it's gonna
be a good day people Zoey all pours
Ali went to go grab a sub and some
flowers were kind of think of little
things we could do for the house so I
got this new copilot and uh she's really
really bad you only give me directions
to squirrels
you're the worst copilot yet where's
copilot ever will just be good a funny
though if I like tried to find
directions and I look over to Marley and
she's this typing and a GPS unit like
squirrels I guess that's just what you
call an imagination right there all
right see how cold this is see if I'm
going in this water any time the prize
them freezing actually super warm
freaking super warm I'm definitely going
in there get those bubbles get those
bubbles I remember that I remember that
you want those bubbles and said where's
girlfriend
so where's girlfriend bear remember look
up we don't want you don't want to be a
gummy bear don't go outside nobody wants
to see you but it's so recording
the borders on the fraction and mountain
ago we should just take a minute this
give me some vlogging credit
I saved the camera and it was still
filming break a wrist hello my name is
Charles Trippy in Nepal a lot have an
idiot word yeah it's not just the last
name it's actually a way of life
we're taking a bunch of photos from the
house don't worry I follow it something
like that oh boy that's embarrassing I'm
just gonna leave it because that's a
true representation of of me oh please
mark don't get up old school stuff right
now we're going to where we always went
in the golf cart Marley's looking for
some coffee and cookies they're on guard
d you ready to learn about this oh sure
thank you thank you
and one for you one for you one for me
Zoe
I got some coffee and cookies back home
and I was a facebook and sometimes I
hate what if I don't Facebook just
because a lot of it's been like really
negative but then there's a lot of
really great stuff on Facebook too
and I wanted to show each other so bad
but I have a friend that just posted
this and it's
made it cooperate I'm not trying to make
fun but it is probably the funniest
photo and the funniest head like so I
don't know if you guys can see this new
it suits this woman she got arrested for
trading squirrels to attack her
ex-boyfriend so little things in life
that bring is so much to it
there was hell
piss me off our boat trade some
squirrels
apparently Ali's got a magic trick for
me yeah okay
I don't even think I'm gonna be able to
do this right should I get the shooter
so maybe really distract anybody fire so
that way you can distract it if you
screw up on your magic sure I'm going to
screw up I'm gonna try I'm gonna try I
can't say that I'm gonna do
all right so camera here then you should
come gonna be seen because I think I'm
gonna fail this typically okay okay okay
so basically from what I'm told is that
if you put it underneath here like this
mmm okay I'll let the water settle put
this over mmm okay but the water so bad
if you let the water please if you let
the water so like that long here if you
let the water settle it says it looks
like the penny is like sitting at the
bottom of it
oh really yeah okay you have to look
through the top whereas first the cold
was like I got one
on her way home I got a notification on
my phone that said that apparently my
flight tomorrow to Arizona we have a
show in Tucson Arizona apparently it was
just canceled the worst part is there's
really no explanation so we were
thinking maybe the weather but I checked
the weather and Tucson it's sunny as
hell tomorrow in Tampa it's super sunny
too so I can't figure out what it's like
they just were like yeah we don't want
to fly there so they rebooked me for
Saturday at the Tucson which does me no
good because it shows Friday and I got
to be in Philadelphia on Saturday so as
of now it doesn't look like I can make
it to Friday's show which sucks because
I hate missing shows but at the same
time it sounds like it's gonna be just a
nice cluster out yeah like that should I
say cluster say fudge stretch around
kids yeah this really kind of sucks I
hate missing shows we looked at
alternative flights we looked at
different options driving unfortunately
why wouldn't get in probably till
Saturday anyway so I honestly I guess
I'm just gonna enjoy the extra day day
off that I have live show look at this
look at this meal out of Maine freaking
delicious scrumptious no no it's kind of
weird I will be at the Philadelphia show
which is Saturday which is I thought was
kind of funny that they rebooked me for
Tucson on Saturday when I needed to be
in Philadelphia on Saturday
it's very goofy this whole situation
super goofy here's the craziest part I
went because you know the director
because we fly so much I'm diamond on
Delta I went to call the diamond desk
and the longest I've ever waited while
calling there was maybe maybe at max
three to five minutes
well here's the thing so I called it
great when I got the notification and it
said two hours which is insane so Ali
and I were thinking something happened
or something's going down for it's like
like I said five minutes is usually the
average wait time two hours today I
don't know I just wanted to kind of tell
you guys that because I thought it was
super weird and yeah yeah I really
didn't want to disappoint anyone for not
go yell to go but at this point there's
really no other option oh and by the way
I don't know if you guys saw in Coley's
Instagram we have a new reader king baby
Kohli and Monica just had their second
child her name is Hannah and she's
absolutely gorgeous everyone go give
congratulations to kolya Monica you guys
know Coley's Instagram is Twitter all
that stuff go check it out he posted a
couple photos of his baby girl and she's
she's adorable
yeah her name is Hannah by the way well
internet that time has come in the
evening for Charles and I are going to
say good night bad thing for him and the
band but good thing for me is that he
gets his deal woman extra day look at
this little supper bitch down there
and you got this one now hora barley is
the funniest part is that you're not on
the couch okay I know I'm gonna wheeling
it's okay I'll take it
all right guys
