how would you feel if Blake likely was
rollerblading but your tummy that you
wouldn't drive your rollerblades and go
rollerblading with her okay this is a
double standard I feel like women
rollerblading wouldn't be as goofy
that's told me I was gonna be goofy
rollerblades I'm not you break like
really
it's laying in the Sun together while he
definitely sees me evil da sorry that's
so gross I know
good afternoon Internet chart obviously
it's not at the driver's seat I'm still
buckled in of Pierre part Charles is
going to a doctor that he just started
seeing this is like a second or a third
time seeing him so he's actually seeing
the doctor right now I'm trying to get
the vlog uploaded like he talked to you
about yesterday he's just trying to talk
to different doctors seeing what he
could do to kind of get off the bat
prescription pills that he's been on I
save a prescription pills but that's not
case it's just an elongated time being
on them it's not healthy for the body
after everything that we've researched
and he's researched and found out about
these various drugs that he's been on
and what they can do to his liver into
his teeth and I mean your teeth that's
crazy
his guns it's something that he's really
wanted to work on and and fix and figure
out so he's been going to see different
doctors seeing what people say and
recommendations and it's a pain but it's
totally worth it in the end I wanted to
make sure I knew where this doctor who
was just in case I ever had to bring him
out here I know where it is
yeah and II gotta I gotta get back to
work I gotta get this vlog up and I
gotta answer some emails and that's that
my options for a seizure medicine today
Ali's actually in the car right now like
you should have blogs out otherwise
she'd be sitting in here everything I
told her just to get the video up
instead
cuz I'm a big man I could do this myself
is that believable
you left your medication on the counter
I've got it allowed and I set it on the
counter I was like don't forget this
Charles and guess what I forgot
well let's head home go give up the good
news is that we got some time today are
you feeling good your call but you got
some stuff done today
yeah one or two things done okay I feel
accomplished that I went to the doctor's
and got some stuff taken care of not
accomplished that it took all day I see
the thing is I hate appointments that
are like in the middle of the afternoon
because you can't do anything before or
you can't do anything after so it
becomes like just a giant waste of that
waste of time but just at the time
mumbo-jumbo this Lane is home doesn't
making friends
I pop it on your swing first day
you grab from behind this place that
literally is called chicken and Donuts
alian have a little fun it's a lunch
date right a little lunch date we're at
a place the head chicken and donut it's
kind of chicken and waffles Ali's sister
was constantly talking about it what do
you want to explore Florida didn't
explore Florida I guess you just google
it you know they just realized but I
smelled the right way but I read it is
very cold that's why it's called for
know if you didn't know that maybe are
you thinking about what I'm saying that
you're like oh that's wrong
oh my god hey stop Florida why am I
writing flow right
it's pretty funny as well actually if
you guys didn't know this globe rider
it's from Florida and Flo Rida I didn't
know that for years and it was like wait
a minute
also I'm sorry and I think I'm gonna
start trying to ease into small doses of
coffee I don't know if you remember I
love love love iced coffee
that was my advice but one vice that I
had because I just even when I could
drink that enjoy the drink was always a
love coffee but it was the only reason
why I stopped was because there's a lot
of caffeine in it and that's kind of
less bad for like seizures and stuff
however I kind of did some research on
like root beer and other sodas and
there's way more caffeine and that stuff
and I miss reading that location
then actual coffee at least beat a
stocking but when I stopped drinking all
of a sudden like a million to one
iced coffee drinks and like cold brewed
coffee there we go ready for some food
porn this looks great
that looks even better
like bacon bowl like blueberry
oh yeah the cakes on
and blueberry sauce on it
there were Cana stories of daughter
see how I get slightly move my back
yeah how far can you tow your neck
that's as far as you can go well that's
pretty cool so I just started so and I'm
trying to prevent that I really I don't
know about you guys that was somebody
first of the car though I inhaling it
makes me look her up
it was so pretty a little bit like that
you stopped and listened to it know what
you're doing you're just talking about
now I have a bike at the house they told
Charles I was like you should get a bike
and we could start riding bikes and that
would be really fun and I said that we
should get like one of those carts for
the back of the bike that usually you
put kids in but our kids are dogs so I
figured we could at least like run with
Marley and diesel and then with Zoey we
hit stick her in the back since she has
some trouble and then I like my mind
went off and I was like oh my god I want
to get some rollerblades
I would so much okay I know a lot of you
can't look cool on rolling waves you can
totally look that's completely know you
look awkward no matter what you're doing
maybe if you're Charles Trippy because
you have very little balance your nation
you can be Johnny Depp finally you can
be Johnny Depp on rollerblades I still
laugh so you're telling me if Johnny
Depp was like rollerblading down the
road he's like hey ally or hey Charles
get some roller Brahe rollerblades come
on man let's go for a rollerblading tour
I really what are you doing and then he
would put on some
rad 80s rock music and then we put our
sweat bands on our heads and then put
them on our wrists we would rollerblade
the heck out of the street yes we did
ironically okay honestly this you tell
me like a really famous smooth awesome
funny get actor no no no no and then
let's imagine them rollerblading Ryan
Reynolds they just did it okay now
imagine him rollerblading I did it it's
beautiful it's no it's hilarious Ryan
Reynolds rollerblading Internet try to
come up with anybody that you can
possibly think of that's smooth or cool
and then imagine them rollerblading and
tell me if you do not laugh or at least
chuckle do you think Ryan Reynolds I
just imagined him and I just I'm very
envious and Blake Lively how would you
feel if Blake Lively was rollerblading
but you're telling me that you wouldn't
grab your rollerblades and go
rollerblading with her okay this is a
double standard I feel like women
rollerblading wouldn't be as goofy
that's told me I was gonna be goofy
rollerblades I'm not you bleak life no
you goofy would be hilarious cuz you're
so awkward so you can't save yourself
he's saying that because I'm not Blake
Lively that I will be a bad ugly you
know what you're not right Reynold so
you're gonna be an you're gonna be a
weird rollerblader no yeah yes I would
be weird that's why I'm not
rollerblading I
hi Ryan Reynolds what do you want to go
rollerblading hit a girl up look at so
fresh fresh sleep so fresh and so clean
clean got a haircut I'm still awake
what's up y'all
Charles is he in the house up in this
Shell station about the pump up some
vehicles gonna go get some petrol for
the the world viewers out there petrol
that's like gas but I think they say in
Europe say ketchup no petrol actually
petrol petrol no petrol like okay okay
sure
they told me that they call me they said
they said acai acai this other side I
don't like them they're not fun they're
not find it yes because oh did your
sister you know fair my knees like I'm
gonna make you my this is gonna make Oh
mud out of this but hi girl hi mark I
have you said hi to everybody today
there's no mom because you guys I've
been gone this afternoon doing stuff I
rush I don't know
oh it is a spot over that face it's not
your new toy you're not gonna show it's
everybody say thank you to the CTFxC er
that gave that to you
he doesn't rip it apart he just does
that
I'm pretty happy about it - is that your
friend
is that your new friend yes okay okay
hang out with different and of course so
ease over here with char in her own
little hey like to call her fortress or
her little fort your little escape away
from the crazies totally fired that's
not why I'm doing it right
one two three Marta they want to go for
a walk
she's stuck under the bed there's go for
a walk
Marley guarantee she's trapped under the
bed I got the two slowpokes in the back
right now is all about the snapchat
do you like Superman Ali thinks he's the
best
Ali's our best fan ever alright we have
two e ORS back here the back I guess I'm
just letting them walk I don't know just
letting them take me where they want to
go it's mainly Marly Marly is the leader
of the pack watch this Ali look at me no
try to look at me I'm trying to look
like anyone okay for a person who is
recovering from the occult it sounds a
dramatic but I'm like you should be
impressed that I'm up and moving fit
together and yes I might be a slightly
handicapped right now wait look at me
again and then interview a long time ago
people were asking why I was so like oh
why it's so awesome that the CTFxC is in
Ripley's as well as the Guinness World
Records and the reason is I'll show you
right here this book is from 1973 this
is a 1973 edition of the Guinness World
Records my mom it's my mom's book I
remember all the time reading through it
and thinking how cool it would be in the
Guinness World Records so this book
right here is the reason why I strived
to be in the Guinness World Records
thanks to you guys or what I should say
were in the Guinness World Records cuz
it's just as much as you guys but we're
just going through some stuff and the
was the entertainment center and I saw
this book and I was like holy crap this
is the stuff that started it all right
here it smells like a book - obviously
there's Guinness and there's Ripley's
and that's look that started it all for
me
Allie and I have been noticing Marley
he's been able to get under the bed
still and we've blocked it off so much
and the reason why we don't want to go
in under theirs cuz I just don't trust
the bed I don't want to ever collapse on
her so we are completely filling this up
I have no idea she's just gonna get
stuck now
you won't go get out cuz we can't figure
out how she's getting in there so we're
just blocking it all off she must have a
secret area there's no way she can't
hamster her away in there finally filled
messed up with her there her neck like
really bad now right now take the golf
cart and maybe go try to find some
what's that stuff called enhancing icy
hot or something that I can maybe I
gotta move all this that way back
running over my brand new guitars I got
all this equipment for the shows this
weekend but I think you got Arizona and
Philadelphia or something I think those
issues over here color shows okay
that's heavy and I'm not quite sure
what's in this thing I'm sure it's
important okay now let's go get Ally you
know a little bit better hopefully feel
like such a horrible person because I
keep forgetting that ally has like one
on her neck so he time accidentally bump
her or anything like that she goes back
into severe pain so I feel would be
really really bad it's always try to
find something that could help with her
old little big
Kaitlyn Ali's sister is a massage
therapist me actually recommend
indicating something like this to help I
don't think it doesn't Holly secured
anything that just kind of aids and ehm
oh I'll get that
sorry ATB water boy water on it get
something to aid in the pain sorry I got
distracted super easily we're gonna
watch the new Star Wars I've never got
to see was a rogue one I never got to
see thoughts - all those force awakens
so I'm kind of interested j-val and
snacks always rave about any Star Wars
and I'm oh I love Star Wars I don't love
it but I should like I like Star Wars
but I'm not a die-hard fan like those
two actually for the question of the day
I wanted to ask you guys earlier we were
talked about the roller blades would you
rollerblade ever again or do you think
it's kind of or you like with me where
it's they're kind of goofy and we all
know you're a goofball though so that
makes sense for you I think you look
like a goofball when you're old boys I
don't know question of the day what do
you think
yes goofball no goofball I will see you
tomorrow
have a great night wait are we gonna
change your name the wall
we gotta we gotta figure that out so
hopefully the next couple days we're
gonna officially change your name I will
see you guys tomorrow
have a great night bye guys
