I don't know I just I want to find
something new we're trying to do catch
up right now unfortunately because of
waking up super late like a bunch of
idiots we're going to have to postpone
changing Ali's name and get our new
social security and driver's license all
that stuff because we honestly thought
it would just be a one-stop shop but we
researched and found out it's going to
take a PI a little bit longer than that
so tomorrow we have that scheduled today
we are very easy to change your name
like from what my sensors flow means
that it's easy and all you do is like oh
and they sign in look are you swim
edition in it but pain in the butt part
is dating today has been like a day of
wandering everyone everyone's nice
actually except for I was really happy
as I think I had to get a few things
notarized had to go to the bank get
something notarized which I did not know
that you could actually do that a thing
I thought that it was required that you
went to like a government office to get
things notarized I don't know why some
on community I didn't know that was done
because I've had like one or two things
notarized before and it's always been
out a government building
I guess bank would be a government
building anyway if someone was talking
about anyways did that I bet it's
literally sure yeah
I ended up getting check cashier's check
and nothing other things that I needed
and Charles was having kind of a
frustrating day because he can't get
anything I heard of my Bank of America
just Bank of America being open till
4:00 p.m. why they Lobby hours guys
Lobby hours is only open till 4:00 p.m.
it's so ridiculous can't you have to do
something in person makes it really
difficult because I was can go in there
then most people don't even get off a
work until after 5:00 p.m. anyways I
mean I mean I don't have to deal with
that situation but still 4 p.m.
it's kind of ridiculous I remember when
I did have a other job that I would not
get off until three or four and I have
raised to find it I just think that's
completely yeah I love that word my
banks there their Lobby doesn't listen
exam
yes my nose in there pretty red checker
this all sounds like weird
I'm sure to most of you in it like what
are you talking about things motorized
and again the only boring baby is boring
but it's it's stuff you have to do and
especially since we just got married
you're just going to turn it to there
honey you might want to pull forward in
terms kind of on a wild goose chase
trying to find a place that you can get
some really important documents to
himself notarized it called donor e plus
what is this long letter ers literally
from this minute we notarized actually
in the comments was come up with a
notary Republic store I like notary RS
all right all right
another like witnesses came forward how
about we can go to write it good I like
that one better
we did risers there you go well it looks
like my lawyer just jump apparently I am
yeah what apparently my name is cha
challenge Charlotte no challenge chalice
I'm sorry I don't yell yeah bitch Elias
apparently not my name so first off
today I just turned into like the most
annoying obnoxious freakin day in the
world and I'm so annoyed and I just
spent a penny for time
but okay that's my motto for today
I'm just going to sit out here while he
talks to some people so Charles was
having a bit of a tough day today being
the fact that some of the documentation
had his name written out correctly and
other forms of the documentation
how does name thought-out incorrectly
being that there's two different names
and one that doesn't even make sense is
the very fresh thing for him especially
since he paid a certain amount of money
for this to be printed out and collected
I know I'm being very vague but I kind
of have to be very vague sorry now he's
trying to contact his lawyer in this
country that did it for him because it's
really mess up things for him and now he
has to wait another week or so Jays just
been I think great I mean I'm starting
to kind of feel better
and she's happy to be home so don't
think that we're just regarding that but
when you have things you have to get
done and I know you guys all know this
and you can't accomplish it because of
silly little things that maybe you've
missed or whatever it may be
and then when it comes that timeframe to
get it done you can't because of those
little things it's frustrating so we're
going to take the dogs for W a okay I
can't say too likely right there
and then I think we're going to go to
the beach print fly the drone and like
taking the sunset taken some beautiful
weather and make this day a much better
day then just spend for him especially
for me it hasn't been that bad I still
you know I got a cold summing-up inch
necklace not that big of a deal I'll
survive I got my stuff done I just want
to make sure that in coming home isn't
something you'll regret you know what I
mean so we're going to go do that we're
going to try and make this a much better
than them spend so you should always do
guys you have a bad day try and turn it
around oh and by the way thank you to
whomever gave this to diesel it is so
cute get our little Star Wars guy right
now okay so you see this word she lizard
can you say thank you
can you say thank you hey Marv I'm a
girl Ramar Z come here
we like this weather my my okay tomorrow
for my very briefly my crock-pot wait to
be Molly her so I round up some chicken
and cooked it and I'm putting our beans
in and I'm as exelon TRO and I'm going
to add which is white bean chili but it
has little 3 by pausing so I'm putting
leaders and broccoli in there I might
produce with various pieces in there and
some cilantro it should show hopefully
when we get home tonight thank you and
it delicious chili and I don't know sick
I'm gonna got comfort you experience all
we tell it will be definitely oppressed
me and hopefully after the very freshman
room David he had for this very cold
very annoyed I hate like okay so just
trying to get a hold of my doctor about
that whole prescription thing and I
called roughly around noon and they say
they called me back roughly back in like
30 minutes and I called him again from
Ali's phone number to see they would
actually pick up then and they didn't so
now I'm having to deal with this whole
insurance thing and having to pay for
the whole I was telling you like the 800
dollars a month for that medication just
because they don't have the generic
version that's found out that's what's
going on it needs to be what's in
classifying against insurance terms as a
tier 1 and a tier 1 means I give I'm
assuming is that there's a generic
version of the drug that way they pay
less
I don't be insured somebody's being
cheap I guess and sense of impact which
is what I have to take is only
name-brand because they own the patent
right and there's no one there's no
foreseeable you know
history I guess for it to go too generic
anytime soon as a result I'm having to
pay an exorbitant
for this kind of stuff and I just I
don't know I just I want to find
something new I know Florida now has CBD
oil I'm still really apprehensive and
nervous about trying that kind of stuff
because I never really tried it and I
don't really know if it actually works
because prescriptions are just something
that everyone grows up with and I know
they're really bad but at the same time
I think I'm what a schedule of doctor
and check-in CBE because I actually
talked to my my surgeon and both my
surgeons and they said to check it out
but it means being cautious so I don't
know my schedule an appointment tomorrow
and see if that kind of helps I don't
want to replace it for say that
completely but I just want to see if
there's some sort of alternative or
something I could add on top of
everything else does that make sense I
guess my question for you guys since
you're really my my researchers and a
lot of you guys have similar situations
that I've known and talked to you guys
face-to-face and if I want to ask you
guys for those of you who have taken CBD
oil if you had epilepsy or just anything
if it actually helps you because I'm
really genuinely curious because there's
no FDA stuff for to substitute good
reason I think it's just like pharmacies
two companies just trying to ignore the
fact that that exists I don't know if
that makes sense I gotta fix it
there's our fixed I get excellent
playing I know I guess this is a
long-winded question about if any of you
guys have ever tried that kind of stuff
and if it has worked for you and with a
psychic made you feel better because I
would genuinely genuinely like to know
800 dollars a month for something that I
need is ridiculous and touching what's
most frustrating is if I get my doctor
to simply say hey Charles needs to have
this defend this particular version of
epilepsy drugs or seizure drugs or you
want to call I hate the word epilepsy
makes me feel really uncomfortable like
these are drugs then if he does this the
insurance company I'm not kidding drops
it down to ten dollars a month
so from an $800 actually I'm sorry not
$800 the drugs are actually two thousand
dollars two hundred two thousand
something for like a 30-day supply but I
can go down to only ten dollars value I
guess the other thing I'm really
concerned is I really don't want any of
you guys to I don't think you would to
like judge me if I were to try to go
that route just because of
I don't know I think there's so many
stigmas and so many like things that
people don't feel like kind of uneven
kind of judge about and I don't know I
just I really concern I really really
hold your guys's opinion really high
like I really value their thoughts when
you're here your comments your big
opinions on things whether or not you
guys know that it's the truth
and I'm just kind of I'm just really
kind of concerned I don't want anyone to
think lower of me or think poorly of me
but now that things have become accepted
a lot more across the country and the
world and specifically Florida I'm just
trying to think of different options
right now because I'm pumping so much
chemicals so many chemicals in my body
that I can't even pronounce anymore just
kind of worrying about like the long
term effect for example dilantin the
thing I was on since day one after the
first surgery that was something that
you can do all the research about
dilantin but it was it was scary because
what they told me although so let's
actually go back let's go from the
beginning I had the surgery I had the
seizure the initial seizure seizure so
they put me on dilantin and then they
put me on what's called keppra which
apparently is pretty good for you but
the problem was my body did not like
keppra at all I don't know if you
remember back in 2012 you can go look
around that time where I had my shaved
head just after surgery they were
pumping me in kept keppra because they
assumed that would work and it did
however my body didn't like it like I
just said and I had a huge rash all over
my body it looked like it was disgusting
it looked like I just had like
whiteheads and temples all over my body
like it just basically took poison ivy
it was like oh this is how you clean
your face so that was really scary for
me and then they gave me dilantin and I
started researching dilantin
and it said that was really bad your
liver and your gums don't like your oral
your teeth and specifically your
internal bodies like your kidneys your
liver and anything else in there that
necessities for living and I got really
really concerned because I read that if
you're on it for a long period of time I
could really affect your body I started
noticing that my my teeth I might let my
gums not a lot but I started noticing a
slight difference of things and it
really got me concerned so that's why I
finally got off a dilantin on tour that
was actually the last dose or last month
I was able to wean off of that but now
I'm on what am I on lamictal and vintag
lamictal is covered by my insurance
company then past eight hundred dollar
one I'm just giving you guys a just run
down because people ask me all the time
so right now I'm bassam B's to drugs oh
and uh lorazepam I'm not going to
complain because it keeping me healthy
keeping me seizure free I just I've just
kind of got this point now getting
concerned that over a long period of
time it's going to affect my body and
make it worse for me if that makes sense
and it's just I don't know man it just
makes me really upset I get kind of I
get like really really really upset
about like thinking about this because I
I know there's something out there for
me that I could do that would hurt me as
much it really sickens me
going over this stuff for like five
years now it's just about to do
sometimes I feel like I'm running out of
options as far as like yeah it's helpful
now but like you know down the road
what's that going to cost towards my
body
a lot of my doctors are now suggesting
that I take now the Florida has made a
lot of things legal that I kind of go
that route I don't know I just haven't
made that decision or that jump yet
because I don't really know how to do
that kind of stuff and how to mix
properly bring that into my body
chemicals I feel like are a lot worse
like for example the bin that is so hard
to get like I like I was trying to get
that was Frankie Frankie was blown away
that because it's a controlled substance
because again I don't know it gets
people crush it down make meth or
something like that because it's a
controlled substance I can't get my
medication easily so like when I'm on
tour it becomes a giant hour-long phone
call between insurance and several
pharmacies in order to make this happen
and I'm just getting really frustrated
so bad no no I'm just asking you guys
have thought house is a really long
winded like six minutes ramble that's
probably makes no sense the most video
but had to get off my chest because it's
really
I'm setting me up make me really really
stressed out
I don't know I just wanted to see what
you guys thought
hooray now I'm just going to take the
dogs to beach maybe fly the drone around
the beach because we haven't gone there
a while and the dogs kind of stink so I
figured easiest way to do that would be
taken to the beach let them get all
dirty let them enjoy it
you stink oh by them maybe fly the drone
if I can last time flew the drone was
the issue because if ever it went up and
then went down and exploded everywhere
and the little girl saw it explode or
she's like that was awesome but you
didn't get hit right she's like no but
that was awesome
I'm like okay well that's I'm glad you
got to see it he talked about things are
so real I call I consider like real like
really upset okay okay you stay Park
without half to somebody is
that is mine
let's go to the beach
alright let's go to the beach yeah so
your eye goes gage this is going
everyone listen to Zelly
very rare
right there ones over there let's all
this is Zoey oh that's right you can't
hear because you've actually quiet
greatly not some days is like a 50
mile-per-hour like wind really 20
mile-per-hour winds so as a result well
blue the water is it's just been blowing
in clean water the whole time
hopefully was this blue at a very long
time hi puppy hi Marley play with a rug
Zoey's peeing on someone's sand castle
come on though so keen on that
get the old Nick I thought you're seeing
Castle get out of it there she goes
keeping the one you're putting that
water
I'm going being a baby get in there
like over the waves though
yeah Marley won't go in there how about
every one of you guys $5 she won't go in
there at least without me going in there
oh by the way Ally couldn't come because
she couldn't move her neck anymore so I
did I just told her to rest because I
want her to have this in two days now to
see it's a pinched nerve and I just
wanted to rest and stop like trying to
do too much so I Advanta from the beach
what at Banner I suggested that it might
be a good idea that she doesn't come out
right now well we all know what's
happening to you what is going oh this
is the coral another deal just a stinky
quo nice and relaxed definitely what I
kind of saved it right now it might
sound stupid and I feel like sometimes I
speak it sounds kind of stupid like I'm
complaining but it's just the kind of
stuff that I have to deal with
everyone's got their own stressful
situations everyone's different you know
I mean mine or now are since we're
married it's just kind of different it
doesn't mean it's any less stressful
that's for sure hey twerps Tweedledee
and Tweedledum that's right come back
here how did you find watch your feet
how do you find food everywhere we go
seriously
everywhere you're probably just eating
fan watch complete let's repeat hey
there's your faith
you know fans not very nutritious right
I guess want to eat it kids eating dirt
keep drinking that water
sorry this way turn this way
as you go it's funny when she's got the
beach you can't even tell that her hips
it like bother she becomes a giant
little puppy right now
hey dog come here actually never mind
dogs ignore me
good dog oh wait no I said ignore me he
actually comes it's actually really
beautiful I want to kind of fly the
drone a little bit but the area that
we're at has got like no reception as
our satellites and I'm a little afraid
to do that I could just imagine like I
fly it over a bird I got bars they get
one of those anti throwing things and
just capture and throw in the water that
would be just my luck out of every drone
that I've ever lost
I get snagged by net I didn't know if
they had those in the States to be
honest with you
