I forked you right in the butt good
morning guys I just looked at my hair
last night we got home I guess it would
be morning around 5:00 a.m. I just
obviously woke up a little bit and I've
been working on the video it's a little
bit late if you noticed yesterday's
video was a little bit late as I said
got home at 5:00 a.m. and I just woke up
now so I apologize for that
but don't worry we obviously didn't miss
a day and I won't miss a day so even if
I'm exhausted like this that's I just
keep looking at that anyway
let's start today OOP now I thought
somebody great Charles super smart on
that one this is actually kind of crazy
Allie asked I guess a couple days ago if
people were having issues with being
unsubscribed
from the channel and it looks like
there's like hundreds of comments right
here that say that they just now noticed
it so right now I want you guys to make
sure you're subscribed to this channel
because I don't know what's going on I'm
actually in talks with YouTube right now
I actually have a phone call meeting
with one of the what do you call them
engineers at YouTube so hopefully you
can figure out what the heck is going on
but right now I want you guys to make
sure you are subscribed if you're not
here I want to show you guys something
maybe this will actually help so make
sure to go to
youtube.com/hccdragonsports going on
because I do know that there has been
glitches in the past and I'm reading
hundreds of comments saying that they're
just now noticing this and hopefully
when I have this meeting we can figure
out what the hell is going on because
this is weird
poor alleys having the worst luck lately
this morning she woke up I don't know
what happened I think she's been
sneezing so much because she's had that
cold she pinched a nerve so she's like
semi I don't want to stay paralyzed but
she's hasn't been able to move every
time she moves she just like freezes up
poor babe and you got sick on top of all
that stuff yesterday but she's got a
guard dogs nincompoop you're a
nincompoop pick your nose picked your
nose you know you ate a booger you need
to get some food now all right well
she's like kind of resting can I told
her she can't like move too much cuz
it's just gonna make things worse I get
the fun thing of unpacking everything
from towards dirty laundry fun that's
always the best part I'd rather catch
over and over again then be packing the
dough is harder because I get to play
the game of what's dirty and what's not
I was going through everything and I
found what Thomas gave gave us was the
magician's I don't want to call it the
exploder but the thing that goes poof
and Ali hasn't gotten to see it so you
ready okay Jesus you okay zo is it what
the hell was that oh my god that's crazy
Michael yeah that's crazy but do you
always take the battery out yes smart
that's real smart cuz I I thought we
shot that right up myself and got myself
on fire that's not a joke I probably
would have shot it at me the funniest
part what is this I did never met the
Riddler I really dropped it even though
the red button is always enticing thank
you guys for all the amazing gifts you
guys are all so wonderful and we're so
thankful for you a lot of times I don't
get sorry my neck is really stiff and
sore they know people are gonna probably
be telling me to stop babying it but I'm
not trying to be no she she was like
paralyzed
but a lot of these times like if you
guys do give stuff to me from Charles or
to me but give it to Charles yeah you
usually don't get it until the end so
thank you guys so much it was really
really sweet of you and I love them all
we can play this game with me from the
CTFxC group we made something you
scratch off places you that is so cool
this one is actually kind of cool
because we literally can scratch the
entire United States a little look like
you can't I can't no that's true I guess
I can but there's a world show we do
make do it as like us together what
places that we've seen yeah I mean we've
pretty much have gone everywhere no no
you got everywhere no I think you've
gone everywhere cuz you've been honest
up the road I'm trying to think of the
stage you know I haven't been to a lot
of them I'm gonna haven't been to
Nebraska you don't want to go there I do
want to go though you guys are from
Nebraska I want to go to Nebraska that's
I always tell you what I see corner I'm
sorry I just area table wait a second
have I been to Nebraska yes I'm Dora I
have to apologize I probably just
alienated myself you know I haven't had
a vacation in one of those places it's
more of a passing through and I think
it's important to make it like a travel
thing well I'm gonna let's go do this
let's go get that medicine ball yeah
well thank God it was that would hurt
real bad
I can tell with char it feels like we're
kind of like jet-lagged in a sense
because I drove down to for our Fort
Lauderdale with him because I didn't
want him to have to drive by himself
it's such a long drive and being that
he's only kind of driven locally I just
you know just to kind of be there for
moral support and things of that sort I
wanted to go with him and make sure you
okay and being mid the last couple of
shows they've gone on relatively early I
kind of assumed that they were gonna go
on earlier last night but unfortunately
they been going to like 10 so we ended
up leaving around 1:00 a.m. tea at home
got home around 5:00 and I was Paula I
fell asleep in the car I was in a big
help but I was so sick yesterday I'm
gonna tell you what Charles took care of
me the whole time which I'm so thankful
for but he since he was taking care of
me he allowed me to sleep which was no
use with me even driving back with him
because I wasn't that much of a help I
think he's a little jet-lagged today and
it's a it's like jet lag dirt I don't
know what you would call it we're gonna
try and do a few things that's right
after 6:00 p.m. it's kind of crazy I
haven't been able to move much and he's
just been catching up on dirty laundry
that he wanted changed they finally
changed yeah but we're gonna go get me a
tea really quick we're gonna go to the
bank and then we're gonna grab a few
things because we need to get them it's
definitely the little things about being
home that I definitely miss wall on the
road like just walk in the pups or
actually I should say the dogs walking
me cuz Who am I kidding that's exactly
what's happening oh don't go let's go I
need to go for a walk might as well just
accept it but yeah exactly what I was
saying like it's just the little things
about being home that I'm enjoying again
after a month and a half on the road
it's definitely nice to just be very
low-key and just enjoy everything
although I'll be completely honest it's
actually kind of funny because I'm so
used to like go go go while I'm on the
road it's kind of interesting because
I'm so used to that when I'm home like
right now like today I just I didn't
know what to do with myself I just felt
like I had to go to sound check or
something like that
and that was like oh wait I totally hit
me
I'm not kidding that actually happened
around three or four this afternoon it
was like I'll be right back like where
you going they're like sound check I'll
be right back so dumb look at this
freaking love our neighbors it's the
skeleton but they dressed it as an
Easter Bunny right now for a good while
I noticed that the skeleton was gone and
I actually asked the people who live
there what happened to it
some a-holes in the neighborhood were
complaining about having that skeleton I
think it was I was like one of the
funniest things when we moved in here I
think I showed you guys when we first
moved here I kept showing the thing I
was like this is freaking awesome anyway
so somebody complained and they had to
take the skeleton down and this is why
our neighbor right there is a complete
badass what they did as a loophole is
that now every holiday they just dress
it up as like the respected holiday
because they didn't Saint Patrick's Day
they put like a st. Patrick's thing on
it and then that way they can keep it
out at all all times and there's
holidays all the time I think on
President's Day actually I remember I
think Ally told me they dressed it with
like as a president like like a you know
like one of those American flag type
hats and like a beard to me that's
something I would do definitely
something I would do I love loopholes
like that it's so smart actually let me
ask you guys a question if you lived
here and you saw a skeleton like a goofy
skeleton like that sitting on a swing
would you actually hate it and complain
or is that something that you would
actually giggle at every time you drove
by because that's honestly just tell me
because that's honestly what I think
every time I drove by it I just kind of
want to see if I'm the only one that
thinks it's ridiculous and if if you
think it's ridiculous I won't judge I
will not judge I'm just curious I'm just
trying to get like a like a what's a
survey yeah I don't know let me know in
the comments either way dressing those
and Easter bunnies freaking hilarious
and he's doing it in the street do you
have to go
come on buddy if you have to go I can we
can stop for a little bit weirdo I guess
you don't have to go in the world do we
need to put you in one of these
no I got some travel pillows for the
airplane like Oh Marley you know the sad
thing is though if we had anything like
the chair like pushed out so you'd be up
there in a second so you're a good one
diesel is a good one you're the good one
hiding under there
where's numbnuts over there there's
numbnuts
wait whoa yeah the nickname I gave him
Oh Diesel's new nickname is Humpty
Dumpty Humpty Dumpty dum dee Humpty
Dumpty I love that
and then Martha she's a spaz we're gonna
make fun of her she's a crazy dog to
celebrate being home Allie is making a
home-cooked meal so that way I'm not
surviving off of pop-tarts and whatever
else like goldfish crackers and scent
peanut bars sandwiches lettuce wraps see
it's healthy and then I'm going to treat
myself to a little margarita but instead
of using just the mix and stuff I
decided to make it kind of authentically
delicious no it's not this is margarita
mix ice strawberries and blueberries
what fork were saying that sounds weird
a fork why are they called a fork I
fought you right in the butt baby I just
forked you look at this it is good to be
home not just for this but for this okay
so I'm just making you hold it on by the
way I only had that much and believe it
or not I already feel it oh so good oh I
can't hold it yeah I look like crap no
you look beautiful you always do yes all
right guys well we're gonna go watch a
movie and probably just go to bed
because this one over here wreck broke
my wife is broken if I complain so much
I don't want to come off that way
I'm just definitely feeling like poop
yeah I mean this uses being honest oh
it's so you know one thing that I always
noticed is when I'm sick I feel like my
eyes were blue like actually you know
they look green cuz that vein I think
maybe it's because we don't have like I
make a blue bean they're like a blue
green paper nobody oh I miss this one no
but I uh
today was just kind of a myth I don't
know one of the dogs freaked me out from
barking this morning and I like felt the
pinch happen in my neck and so my
sister's a massage therapist and she
came over and she's trying to help me
out but I guess it's it's been a rough
day but I'm so happy your own this is
this Charles has been taking care of me
I've just been erected Pascal I've been
a doctor lately jeez I missed my wife so
much I love saying that
so okay news didn't you say I think it's
gonna like hit me that we're married
when I eat
officialy do oh yeah I think maybe
tomorrow the next day we're actually
changing her name so that's cool I got a
wild goose chase tomorrow I think trying
to figure it out it's quite a few things
we have to do tomorrow yeah so we got to
do that tomorrow so don't forget to
subscribe what what's going on hey
nincompoop down there hey dude Humpty
Dumpty yeah anyway guys we're gonna go
watch a movie right now just kind of
relax it is so nice to be home I will
see you guys tomorrow please don't
forget to subscribe
especially now that I showed you guys
what might be actually happening so make
sure you're subscribed because maybe
chances are you're not I'm hopefully in
the next couple days be talking to
YouTube and try to figure out what's
going on with that whole situation
because it's incredibly frustrating
actually it's kind of funny my trippy
account you know that's trippy that
wasn't even subscribed CTFxC somehow
that channel actually got unsubscribe so
the other day when I was asking that
question yeah um I like actually had
said more stuff but I didn't put it in
the vlog about how I am subscribed to
the CTFxC channel but obviously I don't
go and watch the vlogs cuz we live them
yeah that makes sense she's dying over
here I just pinched me again yes I
checked and like a month or I think it
was like a little over a month ago I was
in subscribed see it's actually
happening deep breaths okay I'm just
like a I'm gonna end this video now so
before she has a coughing attack so we
will see you guys tomorrow Zoey's have a
wonderful night and I hope you enjoyed
today's video
bye guys you want to slam the camera
