more than guys was gone with she's still
kind of sick but this is the last day of
tour last show of the tour I should say
the yesterday I obviously stayed at home
so we're driving to Fort Lauderdale to
play the show rather than taking the toy
revenue what I'm saying is that rather
than going all the way down to Fort
Lauderdale and so yeah last day of tour
guys it's very bittersweet as in every
tour I think I've had the same
conversation every single time tour ends
it's always really exciting and then you
get towards the end and then you just
get excited for at the end and then once
you're home for a while you're very
excited for it again it's kind of weird
but I'm at the point right now where I
just want to be home for a little bit so
hopefully you'll see a lot of you guys
over in Europe we're playing with
Birmingham I'm not sure just Google Slam
Dunk festival 2017 and you'll find out
the toy day's we're playing three or
four days over overseas hopefully I'll
see a lot of you UK CTFxC r--'s while
we're over there great after that we're
flying from London to Hawaii and then
we're flying to Hawaii and we're just
going to have a what I'm calling a
temporary honeymoon until things die
down and then we're gonna have an actual
honeymoon it's kind of nice that we can
have a temporary I don't even we don't
even have to pay for it that's a
positive that's for sure
okay what's going on here nine is what I
had four months it's a weird insult to
say to somebody
I don't know if anyone does this like
when you say a word over and over again
and it just dissect it seeming like
really really weird like say the words
chair a few times to yourself chair to
chair and it's like why is that a chair
like who came up with the word chair to
describe something you're sitting on
like it's so fun or nice
I think about some weird stuff
isn't coming
well that wasn't too bad of a drive
honestly it was the longest drive I've
actually gotten to do we're here finally
it rained really bad but there's the
tour bus you know we're at I have no
idea I know we played here once or twice
before I just know that's our bus and
that sounds like food which I really
really desperately need
yeah I had no idea I can't count any
more how many
that we eventually eaten pizza Oh
announced focus Ali was to have another
backs always we look what you guys with
him
I have no I've lost count of how many
times that I've actually had beats on
this floor okay and I'm just gonna take
that this is for you too
I want that leaf can I have that leaf no
I want that leave it to you just stop
touching everything
okay I always say that I'm gonna go
death for my quick track that dude is
probably dead by the end that was a car
fun story about the shirt guys this was
my dad shirt that he used to wear thing
in his 30s just crazy
that's and I used to wear that shirt in
my early 20s my dad was I think maybe
it's a shrink there's no way my dad
would have fit in that in his thirties
it had - dad I love you but I don't
think that I don't think barely fit
Sally yeah when it shrinks every time we
wash it too so it kind of makes sense
that shirt is from the eighties early
eighties or the 70s so it's a little
classic so is that what these are for is
her you game gear actually a game gear
would take all these and then be dead in
ten minutes they would those who had
game gears know exactly they don't know
this
give your advances just gonna shut up
right now I actually got to finish
packing or decaf really well I still
have mine I should bring you for a fly
date you do not hey wait a minute late I
know look at my hand I have a little
mini alien growing out of it
you see it the pulsating thing on my arm
yep
is that crazy I get it like right here I
have like that yeah you have it yep
Angelina face little V all packed up I
think I still pointless vain isn't it
let go like whenever I give blood they
love it oh yeah so easy mine are the
same thing they always want to go for
this arm but I never want to ruin my
tattoo so I was make him go to the happy
face and then they always say how cool
the happy faces I got I love your happy
face this is kind of a fun thing
hey you like that birthday cake from
yesterday huh trying to prank us on the
last day of tour we caught him out we're
pros at this yoke elin what's going on
we don't know where the mic is darn no I
don't know what and it just so happens
to be laughed at or junk amazing I
really sucked who knows April Fool's
this is the worst April Fool's I just
wanna check man I just want the show to
go on show must go on
you take it I did
cotton Coley's laughing is that way
we're uh we're slowly dying it they're
like we're not freaking out what do we
say ah
Travis died I'm gonna try the like two
other mics out there we can do this they
tried
welcome to We The Kings 10:00
once in a lifetime We The Kings
extravaganza yes we did this Fiesta fire
it up maybe the Kings moving out in ten
minutes
just
because they're pointing at each other
very good and they're so sweet to each
others this isn't Families what time I
have a
move
well he deliberately set it up so this
is the straight piece in this is the T
piece so maybe when he's talking about
it if you want to move it or you can let
him move it if he wants to here let me
get in front of your real fast
I am either one doing this
yeah
by
those different experience energies I
told you guys in the beginning said this
was a is in the last show of the tour
and is bittersweet
except again course he doesn't
and you guys just earned yourself
another dance break but this song
happens nobody's allowed to stand still
I don't care where you are you know
right here is always ready but I'm
talking about
I can say with everything that I have
inside my mind
through that immediately made
adjustments the rapper Barbie there for
a while now the long drive back home
with a long drive here rather than
getting a hotel I decided that well guys
it is both it actually is it's 3 a.m.
right now
so technically
the next day so by definition of the
daily ball
I kind of have to end the video slide
the good
now I have to put us whole
i'ma say goodnight
subscribe as always guys see what
