good morning guys our house is insane
you guys got to see this thing out we
got smile it's so weird like Facebook no
for perfect it's a great car cool cars
character or basically it's charcoal
she's brushing her teeth with charcoal
this is supposed to whiten your teeth
mm-hmm funny anyone detector you want
any game kick you know it's like it's
like this stuff that I use for the
Halloween costume this year what I was
dusting it's almost exactly what I look
we're just stop hey I don't like that I
didn't hurt it looks like imma punch my
teeth out I just found Rika like this
where is reka where is Rika D D found
Rika good boy where's Rika where's Rika
good boy Diezel where's Rika Hey hello
you can go back under there so today no
come on so you think so he's been
crushing it without a leash right now
and I hate to say that a little too soon
so today's kind of an exciting day and
kind of a sad day I shouldn't say sad
but Halley's car it's not your first car
that you ever bought right it's one of
your first one so like my first car with
my mom's old car and I remember I loved
it it was a Sentra and it was like the
first Sentra ever made and I had so many
miles on it the speedometer stopped
spinning and then a Civic and then my
Civic died and my civic was super sorry
so he's leaving us I got my fit and it
was like a used car and it was just
because my Civic died suddenly Civic
lasts until about two hundred thousand
miles I bought that one I think
like like a guy like he goes to auction
mmm oh really
yeah I got my fit and it was like a
couple years old and had you know so
many miles on it doesn't do bad but this
would you know I've never I've never
bought a new car I've never ever bought
a new car the worst part is she's still
paying good payments for a dead car I've
been and that's like one of the first
cars I've ever gotten on my own I don't
know I it's been something I've kind of
been tossing back and forth for about a
year and a half two years if I wanted to
get it you know a new car and now that
Charles can drive and I always feel
guilty like my car's sad but I am
driving his car around it's just um
that's not right if I want to be making
payments on a car that I'm not driving
it just doesn't seem very logical so
we're gonna go look at cars today and I
may get a new car but I don't know I've
just never owned write a brand new car
ever in my life I'm like I'm saying the
other day is like when Ali drives
somewhere and now that I could drive
I've taken uber or vice versa when I'm
going somewhere she has to take goobers
so it just doesn't make any more sense
the main thing is Ali's paying right now
for a broken car so we're like what are
we doing I make monthly payments on I'm
paying insurance and everything it's a
nice little hood ornament for a front
yeah I love that car but it's just
something on my mind like it's something
I'm thinking about something's like like
I said Charles and I have been talking
about for like a year and a half and he
was like do whatever you want into your
car you know blah blah but I don't know
I'm I'm a different type of person where
I like to be a little bit more logical
I'm a very spontaneous person as you
guys already know Ali's a very logical
person a very logical so this could be a
very exciting day I don't know I don't
know I don't know we don't know yet we
say that now but we probably guys
already figured it out by the end of the
actually probably already know since you
probably already paid attention to the
video title and thumbnail come-ons oh we
got to go look at stuff I don't know I'm
so nervous
I don't know well let's just go look if
you find something you like and
you're saying I'm not buying like a
Lexus I told her we should go get a
Tesla yeah he's like what are you what
are we waiting gonna test no Mike which
is get a Lambo go get Lambos I want good
gas mileage pretty assembly priced and
low payments first car what's
everybody's first car everyone's first
car thank you ever had I got my mom's
hand-me-down Sentra which I loved I got
a question and the little I vote was
your first car new or old and then in
the comments tell me what kind of car
you got when you turn 16 or seven
sometimes I feel like it's it's more
affordable sometimes we use cars just
cost I end up costing more to fix it
because they break or something how are
you come on so this dog has walked the
entire time without a leash she's doing
good at this
this one eventually she'll do it
actually you know what let's test this
Marley come here this is a test more
okay well Marley has completely failed
this mission so lesson learned
Marley still cannot do this oh-ho me
killin you lost it you lost your
privilege already that was quick
she rolled it in the bush too I can tell
thought I could trust you you're not as
good as OE
so we're kind of back into the honda
area I know Ally kind of like the Civic
or the CRV or something I don't know
trying to think of something that's kind
of practical and not too not too
expensive there's you know ally and I
we're not we're not those type of people
we don't need fancy stuff I can't
believe I have the car actually have now
this is kind of cool
I know double hatchbacks
hey babe what about this one I think
that the bird poop comes like a bonus I
think we got to pay extra for that
though that's what Ali wants that's all
she wants is a cheap
who wants to be Sarah Connor we've been
getting lucky and every one of these
things they're all open hold on Lucy
I've decided
kitty literally we've open like three or
four of them what do you think
open closed now closed nope you lose
weight this is also the goofy stuff that
I liked about my car is the USB stuff so
we've test drove a few cars and I think
we may have found one that Ali likes you
try this a couple days ago she's like
super excited I've never done that I've
never bought a new part I know you're
you deserve it you've been wanting to
buy a new car so if you want to buy a
car you should buy you a new car okay
let's do some haggling no no this isn't
that's the first rule would buy a car
that's the black one over there you'd be
making a good decision I think be a
smart purchase for yourself safety
ratings
I'm nervous I hear you're nervous
maybe this is your first brand-new tire
you ride and I can't even see this
stupid light this is like wish you go
where's your new keys
you look excited
now we got a race down to Bradenton to
go have dinner with my dad and everybody
so we're taking the new car I'm excited
for her she's always wanted a new car
and she's finally saved up and if she
lost her phone though the fact that it
has like Apple car pay on here carplay
carplay no car pay that to me is the
most dirty thing but awesome thing in
the world it just means that's easy to
access all your music and all that fun
stuff
this isn't AFI give me the first song
ever play here is bar
we're christening it with overexposure
by AFI just testing just testing just
testing cute look to reply reply go
ahead beautiful face ready to standard
go ahead
I like to do key in my mouth
I updated your message it says I like to
do key restaurants so you don't have to
talk so you don't talk to people that
you're at the table with said how it
goes that's all-purpose super now but
now I can share with my aunt we should
be able to see his shiny head you don't
get while to get used to them I really
like it I know and I always say like if
you like I've said this in the videos
like if you see my dad on the side of
the street do the best thing my dad says
every time you see something wrong what
does smell like so I'll he reminded me
about the neti pot and I don't even
rehab ours anymore I know you have uses
the special saline and stale water
otherwise the what's the myth like
somebody did it with regular water and
got worms in there in bacteria they know
that's what you sterilize what I mean
it's probably myth and I'm just
overthinking things
trouble this is where you should get
your like little hair things I need my
stuff goes like that looks like a genie
the genie bottle you know there's like a
really big day for me
I've been kind of going back and forth
for quite a while on getting a car and
kind of like taking the plunge and you
know making payments on something that
like I know I'm gonna be really happy
with and know that I'm going to it's
just gonna be like my Mike I don't know
how to excited like making payments on
something that really makes me so freely
happy and like I said I've never owned a
new car I've never I've never been bold
enough to buy a new car I handled and
got a good deal and I don't know like yo
you're gonna do this for us and he was
like alright and they were like yo we're
gonna do this to ladies like okay what
happened a lot of applause for Ali thank
you you're awesome
I'm gonna have this car for the rest of
my life it's just pretty much how it's
gonna go I feel so good when you like
work so hard and like I'm just such a
frugal person and when I get the
opportunity to do something that I've
worked so hard for it just makes my
heart explode and I'm so happy that I
got charred they're with me because he's
the one who kind of like pushed me a
little bit to get it because I've been
tormenting myself going back and forth
forever
Oh work movers oh you know what I'm
afraid of his that he's gonna like
confiscate that car okay you know
there's a water bowl right one of those
things where you like touch it like I
think it's the cooler or whatever it is
your hands can do so many many things
your teeth income your hair throw a ball
into the air Oh a fellow wife goodbye
even make a pizza pie she's thinking it
might dump a little kitty so don't touch
me I don't drink how are those yes well
this will be the best way to end the
video today yes don't forget to
subscribe and I will see you tomorrow
noise have a good day
Oh
