right where we left off that yesterday
I should have waited
it looks so lost
a lot of zooms they what's going on
right now is that you got here at like
or something and you thought the plane
was gonna pick up like fire looks like
we're having this after maintenance that
for maintenance and when I probably get
there for another huh
right now it's looking like is crazy
anything with Waka Flocka for waka
flocka flame to talk I know I just left
the line I can eat it but looks like
we're like three hours possible nap yet
we went on this plane it was okay now
the next
we're all losing our freakin minds right
now see I've got a sprout on
this would be an interesting one
these those guys one of the guys that
just means like stanishev
what we're saying
I'm going to do this video
we'll just land in this Atlanta just as
our connection was taking off I don't
know if we're gonna get to the shore
the look of frustrations that earned
he's dead
get some sleep right now
so this game
yes
I got to show you guys this so my pants
weren't ripped really bad I mean there
were ripped torn and so I was like
trying to like maneuver myself in this
whole situation
Frankie said and this is what happened
to my jeans it's just all leg right now
because this was all patched and I heard
a rip be too much to gain I know risque
right there
Oh Duncan Johnson texted me I don't know
nightmare of a day it's coming to a
close we are at least getting to all I
don't know getting on the plane except
they're like five or six hours that are
just waiting
awesome these were they get stuck all
day the other thing of the puck we made
it that exactly we're wannabe we're in
Columbus right now Danny one tell them
the crazy story this heard it's just
something that you didn't want to hear
as you're leaving the place there's like
four maintenance people that walk up to
the pilot they clean around the lake
can't you do something panel wasn't
working he's like yeah yeah I put in
this just the top with the cherry on the
top of this trip right now well we're
not done yet we have two hours to drive
so we flew two hours out of the way
ready :
as you're drinking a Frappuccino let's
just look at this nice skirt buil
minivan huh no ideas going on by the way
this is Heather she's the one that get
this everywhere without her we probably
wouldn't have got here alive probably
not so Thank You Heather
good afternoon Internet I think
unfortunately I am sick I thought that I
was just as my voice but it seems that
it was the beginning of a cold so I woke
up this morning when I went to go take
chart to the airport Danny's brother and
Danny and Valentina ended up staying in
our house too last night because it was
easier to stay there and then fly out of
Tampa for the boys for their show today
so Marc ended up leaving really early
this morning it took the boys to the
airports about him and I could see been
a little bit so
right now I am heading to get some tea
for my throat because I just feel like
crap and I really thought that I was
going to avoid what everybody had but
apparently it was just waiting to
sneak up on me and that's exactly what
it did I don't know where we're at right
now other than a gas station the whole
time you get those nuggets
good from Doggett's who's gonna prove
themself the whole way
let me time to be paid I'll be super
awesome that's more me that's all using
the heat lamp for the same speed
well this should be fun is this the
turntable for us there's Kelly you set
that up figuring out that Frankie is the
king of catchphrases did you just yell
walk off lockers couch that was the
funniest image just watching the couch
just a big disappear as here I was on
the coldest ground I'm just going to go
up here your dick I just moved a knee he
was under good do it no I didn't want to
kill I won't do it how'd you take that
away from trav how'd you get that away
from traffic that's where I'm laying be
while
whether you guys part of it sleep as you
guys have been so loud oh my god I think
we lost our minds I just keep looking at
you breaking it's cracking me up
all right big spoon a little spoon you
can go into this are you see you over
there honey you practice actually got a
nice little fort I ended up going to
store to get dance of like tea because I
would got some tea but like to get more
tea to get some soup things of that sort
so it's something hot of a throat in my
chest and hopefully it'll make me feel
better but I'm glad I did it I need to
get done I doubt I could kind of just
rest for the rest of the day cuz it's
almost 5:00 p.m.
and I worked a lot this morning and out
like I get the opportunistic chill out
which is wonderful I'm sorry I'm sorry I
probably look in sound disgusting right
now but I had a question for you guys
recently we've been seeing a lot of
comments about people being unsubscribed
all of a sudden from our channel from
other channels we've seen some of our
YouTube friends have been mentioning it
as well have you guys seen that happen
with your specific situation in regards
to if you're subscribed to us or if
you're subscribed to another channel
have you seen or something on subscribed
do you think it's something that's
glitched in the computer do you think
there's something question the system do
you guys think it's an accidental thing
that maybe you guys have done that you
didn't pay attention to let us know in
the comment section below if you have
been unsubscribed from our channel in
the past couple of months or even this
year alone or just recently just please
in the comment section below
write it down let us know we've have a
friend who actually works for YouTube
and this is a question that he's brought
to us as well trying to get this all
figured out because a lot of people have
been experiencing that we're in the city
called Portsmouth Ohio and right that's
what it is Duncan knows and I went to
walk outside this is kind of see what
you know what's here and it's just a
college town but I saw like a cool
bridge and the lights started really
looking really pretty so I had the I had
the drone charging and I'm gonna go fly
it outside to see how pretty is all
right drone footage
what are you doing Duncan are you doing
just in time I gotta go back on stage
now but I actually wanted to later yes
so you just want to let you guys know I
got the blood world I'll tell you later
chose a dick Duncan's on after that
huh that was an amazing amazing show
that I think that was honestly one of my
best shows that I played in a very long
time I honestly think it's because we
played earlier despite only having like
two hours sleep in 48 hours
I was still able to run all over I have
so much fun I had some so pumped right
now because I usually move in playing
because we have so many bands on the run
of the tour we got end up getting on
like a 10:30 and 11:00 o'clock at night
and by then I'm so exhausted I just want
to like and maybe I'll run around but oh
there's a water fountain I went all the
way upstairs to get that let's take an
old-school one but anyway I was saying
is that I have so much fun this the
school seems small but they know how to
party also before I completely forget I
got the news from the vet the blood work
from Zoey don't worry guys she's 100%
okay everything came back awesome
so she's okay it's just I guess she had
a little accident
but I mean I'm sure we have all Peter
pants maybe she was she's totally fine
don't anyone worry don't anyone jump to
conclusions she's totally cool and I'm
so relieved I get that text just before
going on
smelly ones get up build what we also
could have 10 bucks if i doing
how do they do that now try to get out
of the car right damn Colin slow clap
why you guys just showing off
why didn't it just go that way oh that's
Colin all right got to the lobby going
to go to bed but first it's Casey's
you're 31 right 31 dang yeah your old
man and I'm older than you though it's
about one o'clock in the morning
basically what happened yesterday
exactly what we got to do tomorrow gotta
get up at like 4:00 and do this all over
and get back home
actually I don't get to go home I get to
go to Orlando you play the Orlando show
on Fort Lauderdale and then I'm home so
two more days of tour it's bittersweet
but I am so ready to go home this is
nice it's a fake fire
fake I want you guys to give Ally a
bunch of well wishes because she's
really really sick right now she's got
like this stupid little cold that's been
going around like I had it the whole bus
at it now I'm poor Ally's got it so I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night oh by the way Co say
Happy Birthday Casey all right I guess
