you can really have a sit okay seriously
here I thought you guys know everything
you know is to surprise that way
just asleep yeah why aren't you sleeping
oh my gosh scoot over the one you happy
I'm back
get some scratching where's your little
sister oh there she is oh nice
what do you want you want this want to
be scratched do you want to be scratched
little prince over there wants to sit on
our thing
dance dance silly dance dance dance
dance dance boogie Zoe boogie you got
some moves we scratch barge right in is
that the camera you guys are being so
funny today data you're the 31
I wouldn't know tougher no my sister
there you go big boy that blonde hair
just like your mom's going everywhere
Zoey prefers the tiny twig for some
reason today you want the tiny trick
Marley come on stop stepping on everyone
exciting day I came home to an awesome
little package from dftba so I think we
finally got our new shirts
like Ali and I were always the last ones
to get the news shirts Ali got a special
print of the cream version of this
although I do like the green I love the
green in the green and then the long
shirts these are sweet cool boy you look
at so flat sweet he's got the little
stand like it you look really nice
wearing really really nice it's our
shirt I like this all right let's go
Ali and I did something nice we got some
smoothies and trav and acai bowl he's
such a yuppie si
I think it's aside those I think it's
just a side no si it's just a side
Carlo break2 you can really understand
top okay seriously here every real real
obviously here seriously try that now I
just washed them seriously try that
printing love somebody and film it and
send it to me cuz it's so funny I've
just made a good point
it's our side camera the fact that that
thing is right there it just looks like
it's a gift from God you know it's like
really good okay well it's just really
weird that that's just standing right
there nobody else around it it's a gift
from God Colin Colin go go over in the
box
I've never seen that box before what's
in it you have to something to equally
move it they've got seen Indiana Jones
come on Colin oh and we're all dead
thanks Colin
we all got shot by darts
no that's cool
looks like you're getting sucked up by
aliens right now
so we got to pack the bus up a little
bit or pack the car up that's cuz you
watch me dance beep like you did say
good because you like Beauty the Beast
now she's obsessed that's not even the
beat oh well you watch Disney movies but
what is that I'll be honest that wasn't
paying attention
yeah so the story ends in Fort
Lauderdale and then the bus has to go to
Orlando so rather than taking care of
all this stuff in Orlando we're just
kind of unloading it right now
yeah y'all
here such a good get the water oh by the
way guys Ali and I totally didn't mean
to scare you yesterday so he's totally
fine we just were doing pre-emptive or
British very cautious that we just
wanted to make sure she was okay she's
totally fine as you can see by today
that she's this all over the place right
now worse than Marley excuse me ma'am
no but Zoey it just concerned us
incentive she's never peed in the house
before so we just wanted to make sure
she didn't have like a bladder infection
or anything like that because dogs do
get obviously bladder infections and
kidney infections and they're never
comfortable at for humans so for dog
this is a double check yeah so it's
happened before he's had one she's had
one I think yes you have you use the
poop in the house you can pee you did
everything right what so you can't relax
that but oh did I piss you off I piss
you off deep water play she smacked your
head how is it liquid egg what's it
called echinacea liquid echinacea
echinacea whatever it's going back in
Asia no it's like kept me from being
really getting sick like you know
actually no it didn't I don't like like
black licorice before so that's what it
tastes like yeah I totally did so I'm
cramming in everything I possibly can do
before the show walk the dogs I'm
hanging out with the golf cars and the
dogs
Ali and I were just kind of hanging out
for a little bit of watching some TV
nice nice to be home briefly like this I
mean it's nice to be home but even if
it's like a brief second like a brief
day or half a day it's just super nice
which is just kind of its like
decompressing I guess is what you'd call
it I already feel so much better I don't
sound as nasally I still have a little
cold but as nasally as I did before
throughout the entire day I'm totally
fine the second I get in my bunk and
close the curtain and try to go to bed
this both these nostrils I cannot
breathe at all I have to do through my
mouth and then my mouth gets all
cottonmouth cuz they're near cotton he
look at this it's not a good look
so apparently we missed the craziest
thing of Tor I come out and then Danny's
telling me then mark and fret no not you
trav no no it was Danny Marc and Travis
right just Travis tell the story they
don't tell you okay so what I'm here
from the stories drive through a
football the way for these Trat Trat
throws footballs pay the phone
electrical line I grant over here it
snapped down right to here and everyone
started freaking out thinking was an
electrical live electrical line but it
turned out to be a phone line the cops
came the bucket truck the electrical
yeah the guy so everybody's freaking out
so I was like a live wire in the muck
electric we got shows up like nine
univisio film all this no I didn't he
just kidding he good time he goes huh
picks it up I just starts wrapping
around his shoulder like he's revving up
guitar wire I think it's a phone mine so
the blocks gonna be out of pose like is
the better of the two options that there
was a live but still trap knocked out
phone lines allegedly allegedly
allegedly the liner here right
that's so funny that's attracting the
big he's the ball babe
get the ball
good throw bed so humble
you got this one
market alley
I think I think I think you're
officially better than me into the tree
count the Roosters I've never seen
anything like I've never seen a rooster
tree essentially I've really seen like
roosters and trees but never seen a
rooster in the tree they were going
crazy
cock-a-doodle it that's what the
roosters were doing they were
cockadoodle in that's pretty interesting
now other things interesting here power
lines falling down roosters and trees
without creepy this is I feel like
someone's gonna pop out at any moment
people are so creepy sometimes
well guys show's over here's the thing
we just got back home technically this
is tomorrow which is kind of like trippy
no pun intended it is 1:30 at night I'll
listen Ally she sounds like an old lady
sounds like a hundred-year-old smoker
right now oh my god do you want me to
play a trick up prank on you no we have
to be at the airport at 4:30 in the
morning so baby 4:45 yeah you don't have
to I mean you have to driving so I mean
technically but what's so cute is that
we came home and Joey was so excited
weren't years oh he was so excited she
came she ran to the bedroom fluffed up
her bed and came back out trying to get
me a chaser so I went and chased her she
went on the bed laid over and I think
she wants to go to bed which by the way
I need to do is hope you guys enjoyed
today's video so much please don't
forget to click the like button and
subscribe you guys are brand new and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
bright and early tonight
bye guys
