how are you doing that is it magic good
morning guys another floor today today
we are in Gainesville it's actually a
beautiful day compared to last time we
were here I don't know if you guys
remember it was like 2014 13 something
like that we played here and it started
like hey that's going nowheres how are
you doing random CTFxC years like that
anyway I was saying was that a toward
rain it was like raining so hard too
funny things happen first thing I
remember somebody over here offered
hunter and colony to take a shower but
the only stipulation is that got stuck
picking a giant piano up the stairs and
funniest thing ever
and the second thing was it was pointing
so bad and I had to get from here to
here I mean it was like a torrential
downpour so what I did was I used my
brain and I used a giant trash bag and
pretended to be Missy Elliott put a
little thing for my nose it just walked
I don't know how I didn't trip but I
just walked to the bus perfectly dry
well everyone else got soaking wet
luckily I found a clip of that and time
warp now please go joke this is how I'm
gonna get back to the bus
where the stairs do the worst idea ever
how did you see Elliot do this it worked
and we're back
I love doing that actually one of the
most awkward definitely
especially when somebody walks by your
shape yourself in the side of a bus
essentially like
versus like if the bus is very shiny
head
the bus I'm gonna shine
go see Ali soon but I didn't get rid of
the beer
or she wouldn't kill me
there we go
so currently I'm at that with Zoe I will
put the spinning and the dogs laying the
bed with me and she was laying in a pile
of pee and she's kind of having some
issues with her bladder for the past
like two weeks when she was that
Melissa's she was king and it was just
unfortunate but we don't know if it
there's a bladder infection a UTI
something's forming other kidneys or if
it's just because she's getting older so
obviously Zoe isn't with me right now
they took her in the back and they're
gonna try and run a few tests on her and
she's terrified but I just keep my
fingers crossed that everything's okay
good just the old age but we're not
really sure right now so that's why
we're double checking and making sure
that we get everything figured out now
rather than a progressing and possibly
getting worse so guys there's a woman
I'm a little I don't know I get always
emotional under bring the dogs to bed so
I just hope she's okay cuz I know she's
so scared it's a sure thing get it it's
like sure
that's sure cuz we're in the beach area
even though we're not help I don't know
how close games goes to the beach I know
it's not very close yesterday Jason I
had no idea happens yeah what happened I
broke my base why didn't break it I
think I was just rock it out to us yo
so now we have to perform emergency
surgery on it I didn't do it it's
literally what I was jumping around it
came loose
I was always back but she's still so
scared come here you got to go for a
little walk come here they're just
running some tests okay I know you're
like mommy bird get me out of here and
you better give me a million treats I
know
sit down it's all right it's okay she's
so nervous she was like looking at that
door looking at me and looking at the
door I just feel so bad that she's
shaking so bad it's okay pretty girl
it's too happy that's too high for you
my love that's too high for you the
doctor just came in and you know just
checking her out basically gave me her a
full body kind of woke up and told us
the same things that we've known but
they instead of sending the blood test
out they're gonna write it here just to
double-check and make sure everything's
okay
what are you doing with Danny just took
it off in the bus that's how they always
happen if you do it again I'm turning
the camera off I'm not letting you do
this
don't do it
no no no stop flying it up too much it's
actually holding
Hey hey squirrel oh I didn't like this
didn't look like me and then did you
catch it
infinite way dude it just starts going
like this and riding it deserts all they
have if you want annoy you know the
millions or walk walk tour is insane
that Park
they've already known you can literally
take like a piece of bread you need to
go great I've doing then it'll take your
finger and put kind of like that strong
Frankie showed me this this prank where
you uh it was a gift
basically you have your straw on your
drink and you go to like I'm not going
to demonstrate but it's kind of like
this I have a drink and it has imagined
like a Starbucks straw on it right there
one right here okay so let's just
pretend this night wall or dayquil so
you basically go like this with a straw
and I could want a drink and then what
you do is you move it you put some ways
your finger in their mouth it's the most
degrading things you possibly do but
it's so funny I gotta figure out how to
get it to we are back home and they
basically set up a blood test I thought
they were gonna do it run them Wow
I'm fair but I guess they ran some tests
to see if anything came back and nothing
came back but they want someone to send
out blood tests just to make sure
there's nothing bigger going on that
they can't see or they can't figure out
with the test that they ran so few days
until that comes back but they said
she's pretty healthy and she's just
getting old and doing okay I know it
kind of seems like we get a little
dramatic boy
we take the dogs to the vet or that
we're kind of maybe jumping the gun a
little bit but the thing is is that I've
never seen Zoey
pee in the house I've never seen her do
anything of that sort so when those type
of situations happen it really kind of
catches me off guard and it catches
Charles off guard and at her age I think
it's just so much better to be safe than
to be sorry but so far so good
which is positive right now I came home
and our sprinkler system isn't working
go figure right of course that would
happen so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
be wandering the line trying to get as
much of that done because it's starting
today hi I'm Tanya owning a home there's
never a break ever no joke my heart is
exploding with happiness right now
I fixed the sprinkler system I think I
fixed it I don't know how I did it I
went and bang done a few things and
somehow I fixed it but I am so happy
that I did that I truly feel like I am
the most handy woman ever to say and I
don't know how I don't know how it's
happening I know how it's happening I
did fix another thing today so excited
about the sprinklers mmm girl power
there's no way to do volume and your DVD
yeah there's a volume button right there
hi as it is I do can I have a blue one I
don't want my hand today oh these are
huge funny why is the bunny are they
supposed to be bunnies supposed to be I
think we're just around the campus I
haven't been here I think last time was
two years ago maybe three years ago we
played here the same venue so I don't
really remember as much as I remember
Tallahassee I had kind of a connection
with you know I was able to remember the
spots that used to always go
but in Gainesville I never lived here or
like really traveled here a lot so not
really sure of something that really go
do or see other than maybe just go walk
around campus I'm sure it's pretty nice
UF I think there's like some
significance that I think that I think
the rumors were something that he would
put Tom Petty one of his songs being
about that little Tower UF home of
Gatorade the love bugs and the Gators no
I don't know about the love bug thing
that's a rumor but I know Gatorade and
the Gators are the things from us and
squirrels lots of squirrels
oh yeah do you guys know anything about
this tower I heard a rumor that was
something to do come and he's got a lot
hundred percent sure maybe more rumors
like the lovebug thing but naturally I
had to do it I had to get Gatorade while
here stupid I know but had to do it this
is kind of nice
yes two days in a row where there's
actual parks and benches and just
beautiful like scenery it's just kind of
nice going in the cities for this entire
tour so to be able to go back to Florida
and have Florida weather right now in
the winter which doesn't suck summer
sucks and just enjoy not being on the
bus air I just feel so much better
already can't wait to see the beach
that's one thing I can't wait to see I
got to see the Nazeri park but that's
not the same that is not
the same Florida Beach that I'm used to
Carl is st. Petersburg so we got st.
Pete they will fly Dayton Ohio to come
back we play our Lando then we drive
down to Fort Lauderdale and the tour is
over at least a ten year anniversary
tour of this leg for years so
essentially this whole year is going to
be like a ten-year anniversary tour
tourists probably just combined because
technically you know it's all ten years
I got these special picks that I can't
wait to start throwing out on other
tours I don't know if you guys can see
this yes for this entire year I want to
be throwing these ones out so you guys
have to come to the show and get these
because obviously they're only be
limited to this year or I'll be throwing
out this one right here which is one of
my all-time favorite picks this is the
one Frankie did on his iPhone I just
asked him was like hey doodles something
this is what he came up with it's one if
everyone well yeah tomorrow we go to st.
Pete I'm pretty much gonna go home I'm
gonna go home early come back for
soundcheck pack up my bags and face I'm
probably gonna stay at home and just
chill for a little bit go soundcheck go
back home because we don't play until
later Late Late then I'll just show back
up for you know like doors to watch the
other band since because you know it's
the last of the tour and I want to see
everyone say goodbye well it's not the
last of the show we've got a couple more
but you know what I'm saying it's
winding down so I want to hang out with
everyone as much as I possibly can but I
am so ready to be home a love tour I've
said this a million 1 times I love tour
when you're on tour you want to be home
when you're home you want to be on tour
I don't want to say the grass is always
greener because it's not that it's not
really applicable for this situation but
it's it's just so you kind of miss
things you know I mean like I know a lot
of you guys when I'm home
you missed tour as well and when I'm on
tour you guys miss home you guys are the
same way as I am it's just kind of funny
what it is I think is this is a change
of scenery or just a change and it's
kind of nice to spice it up that's why I
love playing music and being and we the
kings is that not only do I just you
know do youtube videos but I'm able to
do something different I'm able to
expand I'm able to play the shows play
music I love music and see the world and
a lot of you guys that I wouldn't
normally meet because you know I usually
only go to like YouTube conventions
which kind of limits everything because
a lot of people don't want to pay the
price for you know these conventions
some of them are really expensive or
cannot travel so it's kind of nice that
I get to meet you guys on your home turf
and travel to you guys and kind of say
hi because without we the Kings and
touring I probably wouldn't meet like
half of you guys which I am so thankful
that I'm able to actually do so it's a
good thing well now that I'm here I
don't really know what to do I don't
think there's really anything I mean
it's a beautiful campus but like I was
saying earlier I don't really have any
attachment to Gainesville so I don't
really have a place to go and I just
kind of wandered and now there's a bunch
of college students and squirrels they
do a king spell has a lot of squirrels
kind of reminds me of st. Pete I
probably should go back to the show I
walk so far to get here
apparently snapchat did a glitter a pink
glitter beard filter I like to think
they did it for me I know they didn't
and I've been laughing at Twitter like
so many of you guys have been taking
photos and attaching me to them after
you guys in the pink glitter beard so
what's that some music to a little
montage
yep everyone's copying my glitter beard
even though I didn't invent the glitter
vanish at all but it's still funny
well guys something super spectacular
we're gonna go and see the brand new
Beauty and the Beast right now and I am
so excited I don't know what to expect
but I think it's gonna be awesome
and actually Tom and Mike so it's gonna
be Lexi
Kaitlyn Tom Clair Mike in Chelsea we're
all going to see this movie tonight
hey uncle Charles thing kids
chunk of Charles's camera babe your aim
is off best response you're off so
Frankie went apparently there's some
what's called dang cakes say cakes okay
the cameras off for the cameras are you
think I was talking to camera okay well
apparently Frankie I gotta talk I got to
show you my funnel cake I do want to see
me and my beautiful girls I'm sorry it
just gotta be a proud dad and go be a
prop dad you know the gorgeous sounds my
face time especially Jennie with that
face I tried took the photo like you're
not gonna be happy about that one Joe
the funnel cake okay there's the funnel
cake more importantly let's get a nice
oh by the way I don't know if you guys
saw this one looks young on my
daughter's name tattooed on me well
looks tasty though what am i a to your
chest
I bore the cake I'm bleeding Oh a chance
I taste the chest and then taste the
cake why do you say paste here because I
have a yeah Frankie just cuz your I know
you can get tan and I can and you make
this is down alabaster gonna drop don't
move
how you doing that is it magic
it took me about five years wait why is
your computer yeah just got back from
watching Beauty and the Beast and it was
awesome like it was good it really stuck
true to the movie there's other little
things that they did stick in there but
I actually really liked it it's so weird
though seeing it in real life kind of in
real life as opposed to it being a
cartoon but it was really really awesome
and it was so much fun to hang out with
everybody and just kind of get out and
I'm into a movie seriously probably in
like eight months something of that sort
so I really had a good time but guys I'm
gonna head off the bad targets home to
Mars I'm so excited
see hi keep hi hi oh good night you
should just say good night to say good
night
yes good night so at the meeting here in
Gainesville and this is Alyssa
a long time ago she trusted me to write
the word strength and I actually did it
like a lightning bolt
but I just wanted to show it to you guys
the Travis is not the only one that
could write things right draft
alright so Gainesville is done I've been
craving this corndog all day I've been
I've held out the entire day so we can
treat myself at the other day or I guess
punished myself I don't know what to be
actually bring my tongue actually is
punishing myself anyway tomorrow we get
to say Pete I think we get the bus calls
like five or six so we're about two and
a half three hours away from home so
anywhere from 7 to 8 a.m. I didn't tell
Ali I told her actually it was to be
later I told her I was like 2 or 3 p.m.
it's because you guys know I like
surprising her I get genuinely happy
being able to do that kind of stuff so
I'm gonna get home super early like I
said earlier just kind of rest and hang
out with everyone so right now I'm
actually gonna eat this corn dog go to
bed super early so that way I could
actually wake up at 7:00 I usually have
to wake up at 8 to feed the dogs but
when I don't have Zoey Marley and diesel
bugging me to wake up to feed them
I usually just sleep straight through so
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
please don't forget to click the like
button it takes a second just do it it's
awesome I would appreciate it and I
cannot wait to be home so I will see you
guys tomorrow as always or not
worth it by us
