oh come on what I'll see what we do
that's we're playing today apparently
playing in hell here in Atlanta oh by
the way good morning does anyone know
Kelly do you know what the password is
for heaven trapped you
right I don't know I need the password
for a heaven or hell or purgatory is one
of them or one for three
let's try eyes do a lot of sixes I'm
just having a really stressful
frustrating day for some reason woke up
out of the bus and I'm nine kidding the
new people told us that we shouldn't go
venture off like within like a certain
radius of the dome and because
apparently somebody got jumped last time
for here so I can't leave the bus very
much I'm calling like the buddy system
and I missed the buddy system but I
already went so now that we got the
camera on the stage I had to run and do
that so I was like just go don't wait
for me just having a really frustrating
day I hate I hate honestly filling these
frustrating days because I hate you know
going back and watching videos of women
I was frustrated because I feel like
those are things that I want to kind of
forget but at the same time long-term
but at the same time I feel like it's
not about being true to myself but I
don't do that because you know gotta
film the good days you gotta throw in
the bad days I just want you guys to
know I'm not complaining just
documenting it all right I got some
batteries are you guys excited I'm gonna
fix it so it doesn't freak you out
anymore I'm so sorry
where's Marley oh my oh my baby poor
Marley has been link tricking out the
hole all last night and all this morning
so basically what happened is one of our
smoke detectors last night I heard this
really loud beep when I showed you
earlier and a voice and it's here the
 out of me and it was probably like
11:00 11:30 I was getting into bed I
heard it go off and it's not a man I
called Charles I'm terrible what's going
on and I couldn't find it finally I
found it kept single about or you switch
out the batteries didn't work switch the
batteries around didn't work switch the
batteries out with another pair of
batteries
didn't work I'm in dry one more time
with the different pair of batteries
because the batteries that I used were
in a bag
that we had think there it is so
hopefully doing this getting all
brand-new betters that I know a brand
new works because these poor dogs have
been freaking out Marley's been hiding
all morning
she only got up to eat went outside and
then that was it
so hopefully this little evil will be
fixed up there do this but I'm not
really sure I'll be really honest with
you
oh she is Christ God cheese
there's one there's two
then you get I kids education a little
better and I'm changing it green LED
blinks one time out what the I just
wonder but see I just been do better
than this what's going on quick green
blink so green LED blinks one time every
second indication that unit has
initiated an alarm I kind of want to go
walk around it heads up at a Walgreens
but Frankie said I need to look at some
reviews before I go to any of the malls
I think I want to show you I want to
read some of the reviews only only come
down here for three things to buy drugs
hood rat sex or cheap knockoff clothing
literally on that I shouldn't come back
with a fake disease so for example this
is a shows that I'm not making these up
so I went to Walgreens and I'm not going
to anywhere else guys wanna see some
pretty gnarly here this is air
conditioning it's all water from the air
conditioners yes for that big-ass
building big waterfalls is pretty crazy
it has been a weird day okay so I went
to go get some food and I've never been
heckled while walking down the street
but I'm walking down there just to try
to go get some food from Walgreens so I
found there's a Walgreens on the other
side of that green building and as I was
doing that I got so many people heckling
me I've never ever ever in my life had
people heckled me will hope to going
down the street so the security at the
venue told me not to go out anywhere
especially in tonight's Holi
so I decided that he's gonna view from
the parking garage because there's the
bus that's funny there's a penis on that
school bus he noticed that there's the
bus and Walgreens was over there and by
the way I think those are all security
cameras which is kind of terrifying but
that was pretty cool too Atlanta is like
a really pretty city and then sometimes
it's not it's very weird like it's nice
and I think the coca-cola museum is
right over there which sucks I wanted to
take Frankie there because he likes
coca-cola so pretty much he calls it
crispy coke and I figured that'd be the
best place but I wanted to take him to
the other taste testing thing we can
taste all those there are a lot of
helicopters circling
it's very we're very uncomfortable they
have him try what was that
really disgusting one there was a really
really disgusting coca-cola product I
think was from Italy I can't remember
please somebody remember that in the
comments I think wait what was it I
almost had it
I think it started with a bee or
something like that I apologize way in
advance if today has been kind of a
little odd day I think it's probably
Ally gonna be carrying the vlog right
now because you can't go anywhere maybe
I'll put some show footage in there I
mean it's really pretty up here those
for sure I think I've already mentioned
that the second I got back on the bus
this cold came back and it's basically
because if one person doesn't completely
get rid of their sickness or they're
cold
just cycles through the bus air and it
just comes right back around get to
everybody so I got it again
Frankie got it again Danny got it again
just going back I just need to basically
get out of the bus and that's pretty
much what I'm doing right now just
getting out of the bus just coming over
here just getting some fresh air and
just relaxing otherwise it's just like
that would be breathing all that same
air the last bit of the tour okay so I
think the 31st we fly to Ohio we have an
Ohio show like a college show and then
we fly back after the st. Petersburg
flight Orlando Orlando Fort Lauderdale
our last shows so right now we have
Atlanta Tallahassee Gainesville tampa
orlando Fort Lauderdale and then the ten
year anniversary tour this leg of it is
completed granted I've been able to go
home a lot because you know the wedding
and then I decide to go home laughs
Servilius
but at the same time I can't wait to go
back home and just be
normal I guess it is guess obviously
touring is kind of an abnormal lifestyle
but it's amazing I wouldn't trade it for
the world and I know a lot of you guys
like watching these four videos but we
get to go all over and I get to share
certain things with you guys that I
normally wouldn't so that's gonna be the
bummer but they'll be another tour I
know there'll be another I think there's
two or three more coming up this year so
just not sure exactly what they are or
where they're oh England that's right we
got to play I can tell you right now we
are playing Birmingham Leeds and
Hatfield in the UK so that's gonna be
fun they were playing Hawaii June 1 is a
June 2nd but I'm not 100% sure
we're playing Hawaii I'm sure it's on a
website that's gonna be cool Ally's
gonna come out all the wives and all the
girlfriends are gonna be coming out
we're just gonna basically they gave us
a week and a ye for playing the show
have a nice little vacation I'm gonna
not necessarily turn it into a honeymoon
but it's going to be a temporary
honeymoon until we can actually have
time to go and do a honeymoon that we
want as I think I told you guys a
million times I want to do Bora Bora but
I got to make sure it works
with Ali myself because one it's
expensive and two it's a far far flight
but it would be pretty freakin amazing
leader to flight I came up here I
haven't really had a chance to just kind
of talk and just kind of have a
conversation with you guys in a very
long time it's always so hectic it's
always like Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
I'm figuring it out I just looked online
and it told me to remove it so when we
removing it taking the batteries off
putting it back in making sure that
everything is correct because that kind
of really bad and then it's basically
what that is that's connected to like
the air conditioning unit so I guess
that's how it helps detect like carbon
monoxide so well I think I may have just
figured it out thank you so much I got a
good one
all right so apparently I was right all
along
wasn't right all along I learned by
looking on language I should have done
in the very first place but I'm so tired
last night that I didn't do it now it's
actually then stop making noise and then
the dog said I'm gonna freak out so I
like what I can do something about
myself kind of kind of with a little
hole
what did it well
the most interesting way of labeling
stages
creepy corridors so apparently this is
purgatory and hell and we're almost
there and everyone else we're gonna run
out there
the last song it's slowly picking one
piece of drum set like part of the parts
and I guess from the kid and pull it off
the stage
for the fact that this is a sure lasso
/o on this will say bribery works
wonders look at a happy y know you're
like oh my god do you feel so much
better do you feel better
Miley are you better you better like
that there's no more noise mom there's
no I felt so bad though she was so
freaking out this morning
and last night I mean most of the dogs
were actually and I just didn't I didn't
know what to do
and I was so tired last night I kind of
just like disregarded it which is a
really bad thing don't don't ever do
what I did guys soon I just forgot it
all I knew is it wasn't going off
because there was nothing wrong it was
just going off because it was a low
battery so it was more of an annoyance
than a warning so yeah but I gotta
figure it out that's all done and keeps
on her way if we're gonna go for a walk
yeah you better run you better run you
better run come in nice people way
there's such a good boy yes you are yes
you are you're so sweet you just did you
know mom we're not as crazy as Marley I
don't think anybody's as crazy as Marley
but I went in took a little walk to get
out of the house cos fun a little cuckoo
what
I felt a little cooped up so I was like
I need to get out and do something but
I'm I don't know about you guys would
you ever feel like in your house like
you just want to change things up a
little bit because it feels a little
stagnant that's kind of where I'm at
right now I don't want to buy new things
I don't want to get new items for house
nothing of that sort I just I feel like
I want to move things around just to
kind of change the dynamic out of the
house and I have no idea where to start
I don't even know what exactly I should
do but I feel like I need to do
something and it's really been bothering
me and I don't know why it's been
bothering me so much but it's bothering
me I just get bored sometimes and I
wanted to do something different I
didn't change one thing one thing out I
ended up getting this carpet right here
for the wedding and we used this at the
photobooth I got for like 14 bucks at
t.j.maxx
and I switched it out with our other
carpet because I am currently washing
that but I think it looks really nice it
kind of actually lightens up the whole
kitchen area so it looks really really
cool she likes it you like it don't you
okay I'm gonna try and clean up a little
bit and rearrange things just move some
stuff around just a tiny bit to see if
maybe I can I don't know make this feel
a little bit more organized because I
realized they still have not organized
so many things even after being you know
living here for so long we saw so many
things that we have not organized yet so
that's like my biggest issue is this
room over here is the dining room it
still has on it from the wedding but I
really want to get this organized and I
want to do something it just so bland
and blank and there's nothing that
cabinet over there my mom's actually
gonna be taking so that won't even be
there anymore and then I just want to do
something so any ideas guys anything
that you guys know of that would be cool
and fun to do to this room to make it
look rad because right now it
red
Oh
so we just got done with the show even
though they kind of was a weird day kind
of put me in a bad mood the show
everyone here was amazing and to top it
off I kind of ventured off earlier and I
found a secret shower and I told Duncan
to keep it a secret I'll crap
now of course my kind of level
that's what happens this was that's what
you call karma right they have damned
you guys thought he'd take a shower
there kiddo oh when there's a stinky
dude you'll find the back way you make
it happen
please be a shower please be sure all
right so this is candy and Nicole right
they're the first ones I actually got to
see wearing the new the new shirts
by the way they came out awesome Haley
I'll text you later
wait I'll shoot this a video oh this is
for Jenny actually all right guys we're
leaving Atlanta right now going back to
Florida
Tallahassee right then tell a seat
Gainesville st. Pete Ohio Orlando it
sounds crazy but it's a flight aid why
don't we go all the way back to Ohio
promise make sense I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
and don't forget to click the little
like button bye guys
