how cool would be to go do like a swan
dive on good diving board I'll do it are
you listening morning everyone we are in
Memphis Tennessee as you can probably
hear I'm actually getting sick again
everyone on the bus has gotten the same
poll we're just basically cycling and
through the bus air which sucks so I'm
gonna get some echinacea and I think
later I'm gonna go to Graceland and see
where Elvis Presley lived because I mean
we're not in met just like a lot so I
figured you know what the hell might as
well go there somewhere somehow someone
that's how we got the title for the last
album somewhere somehow commando is the
commando credits I'm so Casey's haven't
I are gonna go to Graceland you can see
it right there
what I'll get across the street but you
can't just like walk into it so you have
to go across the street and there's
Elvis's airplane right there
it's kind of cool I figured like if I
came to Memphis and I didn't go here my
dad would probably kick my ass so I kind
of had to do this plus we've never
played or actually stayed in Memphis for
like a period of time to where I could
this is kind of cool
what's your guide is Kohli there's Kohli
on the screen he's gonna be my guide at
Graceland today so funny
there it is
pretty cool
look at the TV that's the coolest part
yeah it's funny I think I had that TV I
was a kid look up dorky we look I love
it
got iPads and everything surveillance
and everything so this is called the
jungle room right
I think it's called so weird yeah got
the shag carpet and everything so
crazy-looking inception type thing yeah
dang this is cool here's the challenge
look up and walk down the stairs wait so
this is the TV room yup the Steve Rose I
want to say those two are still original
because mostly everything that he had me
keep it up for last I couldn't watch
three TVs at once I wonder what he did
in here that's crazy
it looks like the rave in Milwaukee
honestly does just pet the furry wall
just pet the furry wall do you think you
were just like thinking that that's a
weird step so watch out there's the side
it's pretty cool can we go in here Cali
go down the slide or slide this
literally looks like aluminum foil it's
so thin looking so good afternoon
Internet this very fun and festive
weekend for myself it's continuing today
in Sarasota I am meeting up with Melissa
and her dad at the seafood festival that
they have down here because Chaz is
actually playing on one of the stages
out here and I must have it I am very
excited I feel like this has just been
such a awesome weekend following the
wedding doing just kind of things that I
don't actually typically do all the time
and I'm taking full advantage of what
Florida has to offer this past weekend
tonight the king's house we the king
took way too long for me to figure that
the Elvis we the Elvis whose offices be
right back you put the sign on the
window he's at Chili's right now who's
Vernon see if Casey can fit all right
barely you have to duck down apparently
this is at a firing range no way yeah
this was a firing saw you do is go right
over to it and you get bull's-eye every
time uh-huh there's some casings in both
I'm Elvis you know changes his block
upside down this is where he hit balls
golf balls bounced all over the place
puts it back in the days
oh it says pump house at one time
Elvis's first kranj box weird
there's Elvis's badges crazy
this is Elvis's pool swimming pool and
everything yeah they'll be pretty that's
so weird
they probably make more money if they
allow that and that's their diving board
how cool would be to go do like a swan
dive on do a diving board Rick I'll do
it I'll do it right now cannonball
cannonball on Elvis Presley you think
diving board
I think that's an executable offense I
probably probably would be all right so
I met up with Melissa and she wants me
to try this goat goat snack
go goat nut okay I'm a little bit
worried but it's gonna be my first time
trying this you want try first so I know
it's a you should try it but I want to
make sure it doesn't kill me you go
first
oh that's what happens when you're
sisters I guess is it blowin your mind
just kidding
okay it's like really good Oh can't
taste anything that scares me that
scares me a little
yeah I wish I would have played Elvis
Presley in pinball I probably kick his
ass I destroy him racquetball court and
everything Wow
oh this is great I got one of those
eternal flames I guess it was heavy
there you guys go
that was a Graceland it was pretty
interesting I learned a lot about Elvis
and how much of a badass he was I don't
know if I showed you guys I had
headphones on this - it's like I'm
double so I got my dad slacker here with
a drone watch what happens when I leave
a comment with the word pooper
whoa all right so that's this big-ass
plane his tiny ass planes on the other
side gold sink all right this is way
better than any flight that we've ever
taken yeah this is just like a giant
tour bus but in the air yeah this is
amazing
well that made me feel really balcony
fly where's the bedroom apparently I was
asking him this thing hasn't taken a
flight since the 70s his last show and
there was a nice little story like I
guess Lisa Marie has never seen snow so
they just jumped on the plane went to
Colorado she played for maybe an hour
then they jumped back on the plane and
flew home take a little car ride what a
dad exactly this is a tiny one right
here I'll take case you can even fit in
I like the other plane better luxury
there's carpet everywhere in this place
just everywhere that's how you did it
this is Elvis's pit because I give
it a day I feel like I might be able to
make that joke all right boys vulgar
Victorian now from now on
a ton of fun unfortunately I got there a
little too late today
and it closed just about an hour after I
got there they thought it's gonna be
open later tonight it was open pretty
late last night but I got there a little
too late so we didn't get to experience
the full extent of what seafood fest was
but it's really great to go there and
meet a lot of people from Melissa's
pageant days so whenever she was part of
I feel so bad out of it sir soda manatee
what exactly it is but I met a lot of
the men involved in that the women
involved in that the Queen's all the
above and it was a lot of fun it was fun
but now I'm gonna head home and I think
I'm gonna go have dinner from Graceland
that was probably the coolest thing one
of the coolest things I got the see I
just feel like you know being a musician
you should go see these things you gotta
because this is where rock and roll
started you know what I mean like I want
to goes next time we go to Paris I want
to go see Jim Morrison's grave it was
actually really kind of sad like when we
were walking around we saw the graves it
was actually really cool until we got to
see those graves and then I got really I
just got really sad I was like well this
sucks
like you don't I mean like but it was
awesome I hope you guys enjoyed it and
if you're ever in Memphis please go
visit Graceland it's really worth it
it's really awesome especially if you
like Elvis which pretty much everyone
probably does so I got the second Asia
by the way so I haven't even taken it
and remember if it's supposed to be cold
or not all the remember is that it
tastes like crap
it really does it's like a sweet
then this is like would taste
Wow no joke if you do echinacea and was
this glacier freeze Gatorade it tastes
like green tea Wow
ha there goes the numbing of the tongue
anyway I just hope this stuff works now
cuz it used to work on me Jesus serving
sizes like a whole bottle so for the
first time on this tour we're all taking
a family family dinner we got everyone
on this time duck you do some soccer
coaching oh my god that's Lou said
earlier he's a coach yo I think you look
good I think you look great
no that's are those new adidas yeah uh
nervous breakdown over
could you see so many words sighs would
you I just want to cheesecake meatloaf
with my dad right now
robbers with to meet up with him and his
girlfriend Linda and I am looking
forward to this it's like a really
awesome few weeks for me in regards to
spending time with family but I've been
really enjoying spending as much family
time as possible because honestly as
I've gotten older it's been so much more
difficult so I'm trying to take
advantage of this as much as I possibly
can hello kitty but yep well when I was
with Melissa today this guy gave it to
me and it's supposed to be Hello Kitty
but if you look at it closely it's
definitely not Hello Kitty I thought you
liked that
is it a TV show just not working find
new releases it does not work it won't
be from there for long there is it's
right there sir they're select select
select is son oh very cool but then you
have smudges all over the team yeah
what are you talking about bitch
assistant all right guys I'm already in
my bunk right now because I'm so freakin
tired I don't feel very good right now I
feel like they were saying earlier that
cold kind of came back so I'm trying to
go to bed early and just kind of take
medicine just rest
they said restaurant rest I hope you
enjoyed today's video and I hope you
guys got the you know enjoy going to
Graceland and if you ever get a chance
to physically go there go there it was
so cool please don't forget to check out
our wedding video if you guys completely
missed about it linked down a
description little I yeah I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night bye guys
