I don't know I think I showed you guys
like five years ago I've been taking a
photo every single day I first started
after the first surgery when I had to
shave my head but I've been taking a
photo every single day for the last five
years I was just showing Frankie it's
generating a new version of it but I
wanted to ask you guys if you wanted me
to like upload it is a separate video
like I said it's a photo every single
day of my hair growing back this 2012 so
it's kind of cool I'll show you a
glimpse and if you guys think I should
upload it let me know in the comments
and I will I will do that I know I
uploaded after a year but now that it's
four years later I feel like it would be
kind of cool to do 2d as you can see
it's pretty crazy it's over 18,000
photos and it started March 2012
alright so here's a example we're
talking about this is a really fast
version I would obviously slow it down
anyway so let me know if you guys think
I should upload this - I like Scotty's
my favorite channel his pops his head
out oh I don't know my crane just gets
lost right basically when Frankie loses
his mind briefly I'm sick I can't it's
true I'm very sick I'm on a lot of
medication or now so I'm very loopy
these aren't as tested right now
yeah relative but not really
there's no excuse for every other
playing it
you see hi say good afternoon yeah
you see I got my running pants I'm gonna
use me hi don't go for a walk you want
to go for a walk
hey MA you want to go for a walk yeah
yeah okay let's go that's actually
really funny
I just left I don't know if you guys
heard that that was with King said just
play whenever I leave the house and the
dogs are by themselves I like to put on
music so I usually put on we the kings
for them same exact song popped up first
what a coinkidink told you guys
yesterday that there was something very
fun in the works for today and that is
true I am on my way to my elementary
school middle school festival I'm going
to go meet up with my sister Caitlin her
husband my cousin Lexi her husband and
then my cousin's son Maddox and we are
gonna go have the time of our lives it's
nice to do something a little bit
different on the weekend where you're
not you know going out at home like
you're not going out to a bar you know
what I mean so I'm very much looking
forward to my Saturday night with my
family and maybe I'll see some old
friends which is even more exciting
because I feel like I haven't seen a lot
of
people and so long and I know this is
the one thing a year where a lot of
people that I used to go to school with
get together and go to so maybe I'll see
some people we'll see
I know we're gonna ride some rides maybe
I'll win some stuff I'm not really sure
three sweet
it
nice now the bread is found boy you know
what's so crazy is coming back to like
my high school and or like a middle of
school it looked so much bigger when I
was younger and now it's like now as I
walk up to it I realize how small it
actually is and it's so crazy thinking
about like about 20 years ago this is
the biggest place in the world to me
there it is st. Paul apparently my
sister my cousin are on this right now
a gonna sorta just heard her screaming -
so look who's here
just heard this one and this one
screaming on this ride yeah it's pretty
crazy
all right I think we're doing this one I
think this is gonna be the scary one
we're going to do man I can't help but
think this is like warmth or just
opening that door and just walking
around just hearing people like scream
and yell I felt like I just got off of
that now back on it again but I'm pretty
stoked in and out is catering the
festival so
that's a positive awesome thing you know
what I was just realizing I walked all
over today
for the Westerners we're going to go on
this ride which I'm not really sure
about well my body's going to do with it
but I'm gonna try it comes to the truck
are you no no are you oh my god II had
to save your life
holy cow Kelly I'm so glad you saved his
life so Tom and Kelly are gonna go on
the zipper together Caitlyn all right
I'm sorry I'm terrified
I am literally can't really count you're
glowing like a ghost
we think oh yeah yeah is it too much I
could add more pick the hair released a
let's go on stage what what
I don't know if I caught that but if it
did that's the way
we've bred the first like night show
time outside like Anna why I don't know
it's been a long time since we played at
night outside you remember the last time
we did that is that played outside at
night
so we are on the weirdest ride I've ever
been out of my my life
laying down we're going to be flying
through the air I hope you're ready
so I just got home from the festival and
it was so much fun
brought back a lot of memories brought
back a lot of fun
interesting unique memories spending
that time with not only my family my
hair so crazy right now from spinning
around but also like sharing with Maddox
because Maddox is going to that age now
where he loves those things and he likes
trying new things and it was really fun
to be able to share that with him and
going some riots and scare the crap out
of him because it definitely scared the
crap out of me
I'm getting to that age though where my
stomach it cannot at all handle rides
like it used to be able to do so huh I'm
glad that's over with but I just got my
call I'm gonna hang out with the pups
see Highbridge this girl yeah you said
you were gone for two hours and I don't
like it and there's my mark oh well like
it's always like I'm gonna get a broom
oh good that's what I gonna do oh hi
norsu to the punk girl oh there she goes
and their sweet tea so I'm gonna go
ahead and hang out with these guys yes
boozy huh well I'm gonna go ahead and
call it a night I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video I heard from char he
actually told me he was playing a
festival today so lots of festival in
this vlog lots of festival today was a
really awesome day it was cool I don't
think I can't remember the last time
that we played outside like at a show
we're usually inside her in the daytime
but it was a lot of fun the parade just
got off the stage it's kind of funny I
was just talking to Allie she went to a
festival we just played a festival
there's wasn't music but it was kind of
funny that we just today it was just
festival day and I thought it was kind
of funny I hope you enjoyed today's
video
tomorrow tours winding down tomorrow I
think we play Atlanta where are we we're
dance
at tomorrow's Atlanta and then we start
playing the Florida days and then we and
the tour which is very bittersweet but
I'm excited to go home and everything oh
look a there's Duncan Aires was to spy
on Duncan for a little bit do it
I'm nervous that actually hurt my butt I
like what we started the day with this
nonsense of you and I talking we're
ending the day when I swore Charles and
Frankie nonsense I know my luck I'd find
out looks kinda it looks safe but it's
not ya know my luck I'd go right over
that rope about love there we go
Dave 3:25 unsaid Frankie broke his butt
just somebody marked this down because
one day we're gonna ask hey wouldn't
Frankie break his butt I'll get it Oh
actually I'm right we don't play in
Atlanta Duvall we have a day off
tomorrow in Memphis what's that song
walking through Memphis or something
like that the country so lucky I don't
know like something I look like I was
gonna rap I think it's country all right
anyway now I'm gonna end the vlog
because I don't know where we're going
right now we're waiting for Dawn can you
come up here now that you saw him I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video don't
forget to subscribe and if you guys have
not seen the wedding video go check it
out link in the description or probably
an annotation at the end definitely
click that little I it'll be there I
will see you guys tomorrow as always but
thank you want say bye bye
there we go
