well break time is now officially over
going back to the airport and meeting up
with everyone and seeing that 20 all
right so yeah chillin San Antonio anyway
going back down the road and that really
sucks
the dogs obviously so he always is so
intuitive like she sees her put the
backpack on she's just like he's not
going for a day and she gets pissed off
at me and Marley just goes and finds
food and diesel such a dumb
he's like Oh
boy he's a lovable dum-dum you go
somewhere he gets sad if I go somewhere
he's just like me but you know something
like he know yeah I definitely know
something's up but he's just
so
my mom
can i plane and go all the way to Texas
luckily it's not always a Pacific Coast
I think Texas is wait two time zones
over so instead of traveling for like
eight or nine hours nine eight or nine
it's seven - what time is it in San
Antonio Texas
in San Antonio Texas it's 817 here it's
like one it's only one hour behind which
is even better because that's less
travel but gotta leave
what the good news is if you notice
yesterday the wedding video went online
so if you haven't seen our wedding video
the final wedding video like the final
edit of everything it came out so
beautiful so make sure you go check it
out link down there in description or as
always click the little I go check it
out or sway till the end of the video
annotation of the wedding the wedding
video
I think the favorite part was at the
wedding new video was walking back the
aisle how goofy were like how awkward we
are I should say I don't like this I
like during the wedding you're just it's
so hard to focus on everything that's
going on and it's hard to like see
everyone and be everywhere and really
taking the experience and seeing the
it first off it showed me things I
didn't get to see like
Olek dancing and his antics
happy but that's like a moment series
you do it is almost kind of blur because
it goes like so fast
yeah you're talking about this like we
can't sorry for us
yeah go check it out the Peter Jason
killed it go check it out guys showing
some love
well back to work
there's a weapon so let's have a
piggyback just really ripping my hair
out with stress because the plane is now
45 minutes late so I'm just sitting here
trying to kill some time good news is
though my hair is getting so freakin
long it's ridiculous that's a good news
it's not good news but I feel better
about it
the traps plane is also delayed I was
gonna get there like 45 minutes after
him but now we're literally landing at
the same exact time I don't feel like
the 88 showing up like super late we're
not super late what's showing up later
now trav and I are both landing at the
same time so I guess there's always a
silver lining and a negative does that
make sense
still sucks I gotta kill like 45 more
minutes I'm just so bored they get so
bored here
the same journey although the last 30
team
it was like five in the afternoon
and I - do my taxes all day all freakin
day after I dropped Chara off
we got the wedding video up the daily
video up and then I have just been doing
my taxes literally all freaking day I've
been kind of a procrastinator this year
with it because of everything that was
going on so I'm glad I got that all
figured out and completed their pimped
out I'm getting a very minor tax return
but it's something you know something is
always something it doesn't matter if
it's a dollar doesn't matter if it's
$3,000 something however the unexpected
money I read I received from my tax
return is about what I paid to get my
taxes done so I guess it really doesn't
matter but at the same time I'm not
really losing any money this weekend is
actually kind of cool there is this
little festival called the st. Paul's
festival that is actually my old middle
school and I have not been there in
years I genuinely couldn't tell you the
last time that I was at the st. Paul
cessful and my sister my cousin and
their husbands really want to go this
weekend so I think that is exactly what
we're going to do well we're here met up
with trav we both landed at the same
time we there's the home away from home
you're ready for that smell you ready
for it
here it is now it smells good actually
blocks our life
baa baa black sheep and many more good
songs nurseryrhymes what is now the bus
is slowly turning into a kid bus bridge
a bell subliminal message crazy like
worship Satan hiding somewhere in that
sheet wall well alright Devo and I are
gonna try to find some good old Texas
barbecue you really know what else is
kind of do over here I literally looked
on my phone and it was telling me things
to do it's at the river rock the Alamo
and the days in so naturally I saw the
Alamo I've seen it before I know I've
taken you guys there before but there it
is historic Alamo it always looks bigger
on photos and stuff it's actually really
small it's still kind of cool to see I
actually don't really know much about
the Alamo I know it was like a fort
wasn't it which is kind of crazy to
think about that this was used as a fort
now there we go
I can I just read stuff you get this
positive video right here you can read
it you know what I always think this is
I don't know if I'm alone I always think
of things like I was trying to find a
big like a big tree like for example
that tree right there that's not that
one but the one behind it you see the
big one like oh hi squirrel
hello squirrel you want to be in the
shot that what's going on want to be the
shot
was he high okay their money but what
the same was like I always think of
things like what has that tree freaking
seen in its tree life like it's probably
been here since the beginning maybe that
one too yeah you're so freakin old and I
always think about things like that like
what has it been involved with like what
is it scene probably seems so much
history like even these walls I'm sure
maybe some of the wall isn't the
original but just like some of it I
always think of like how cool it is
think about like history and stuff like
that and how you know like what has been
seen with it I don't know if I'm the
only one or if that makes any sense
looks like I'm getting locked in by the
sheriff I just get myself locked in all
right cool
that squirrels been here since the very
beginning of the Alamo that's squirrels
seen some but they crazy like it was a
squirrel that was like 300 400 years old
just like sitting there eating nuts the
whole time all the battles were going on
I'm trying to think of how many movies
the front of this is actually seen guys
so we are in that right there and then
over here there's Ripley's so the CTFxC
Zin both of those which is pretty damn
cool okay I wouldn't argue it's a little
bug because I realize I'm not I'm really
film just too much today today it's been
one of those days where I really
struggled to find content I really
struggled to film things that I thought
were fun entertaining important things I
could film things of that sort
but today was one of those moments where
I really couldn't pull up camera much
got my taxes done I had multiple calls
today that I had to take with various
companies that consumed a lot of my day
and I couldn't really film that I did
buy flowers I mean I'm really excited
about that I got some roses I'm very
happy with these roses I'm actually
super happy with these two this is
something that we got from the wedding
besides that today was one of those days
that I just I didn't really know what to
film I didn't know what would be good
show or god what would be entertaining
enough to show you guys is the biggest
thing I know that today we put out the
wedding video which I really hope you
guys enjoyed Peter did an incredible job
with it and it's just so beautiful and
it captures so much and char and I were
talking about just everything that
happened in the video and it was just it
brought back so many beautiful memories
even though it was not even that long
ago that it happened
weddings are a lot they're a lot to plan
they're a lot to pay for there there's a
lot of decisions that go into it there's
a lot of time that goes into it it's
just a lot it's just a lot and then when
that day comes you guys goes by so fast
that unfortunately you don't get to take
in all those beautiful moments and all
the time that you want to share with
your friends isn't actually there all
the time that you want to spend with
your family isn't really there I mean it
really is a lot so having a videographer
and having somebody there to capture
moments that we might not be able to see
and then us being able to visually see
it and show to you
and kind of relive it or actually see
for the first time it's so incredible
and such a blessing that we had that
opportunity to have someone there to
film all of that magic it's just a lot
of emotions and it's a lot of feelings
and you get so boggled and you know I
kept relating it to like pregnancy brain
even though I know it's not the same
thing but I felt like I had wedding
brain a lot where I forgot things and I
got so overwhelmed that I couldn't
really focus on one thing I was just my
mind was over here and over here and
over here and over here and over here
and over here all at the same time so I
couldn't really focus on one thing so
having this wedding video and having
photos and everything of the day
captured really just kind of makes me
feel so lucky and so blessed and it just
reminds me of how magical it was and
like I said I hope you guys just enjoyed
it so much but sorry I didn't really
feel much today tomorrow I promise he
was gonna be so awesome so much better
today I just kind of had to get done I
mean that's just that I had to get done
this river walks can I actually kind of
cool it's like a little mini Venice
duck I don't know if I showed you guys
this but something along lines okay so
he's got to give you this four months
ago I got one new faces from a vendor
sorry it's burn really room
but I just want to show you so far this
is travel my four days one of the the
other ones still okay look at the white
one I've already got a nasty little gash
on it with another one forming right
below it
so expensive per sentence on you while
she Pat's us from back this time
wait which one's Frankie which one's
Frankie I can't tell did you know you
had a twin Joe this having notes before
right we've done this before
yeah stay by DJ ROC I'm Frankie stay by
the new rock the Internet
which one's Frankie with a smiley face
all right we have to tell me watch the
wedding video like all of the buttons
this is turning into the longest outro
ever there that you subscribe and then
make sure they like follow
watches daily and then make sure you do
other things you can't see but it's like
you're in the bed right now so it's like
you're still on tour with me yeah that's
well normal it's snowing and everything
well I love you good night sweet dreams
