they only have one what a ripoff morning
sup dog good mornings oh good morning
guys obviously I'm home right now I'm
just hanging out with Allie Zoe Marley
he's always being super cute right now
are you laying like that you could
totally just lay on the grass or just
just lay on the cement which one you
want to do you got your Valentine's Day
gift yesterday you saw that I got my
drone replaced and I'm just updating
everything so I can bring it back on
tour the last couple drones were called
Skynet for obviously hilarious reasons
today
I named this drone Larry so this drones
name is now Larry a my little my my
flight records which by the way I'm on
level 18 because they do like some sort
of it's like almost like a game to me so
I have all my drones saved in here I
have total flights 70 before the other
one got lost 46 flights it made and then
unfortunately lost which is better than
my after one which was 22 flights and
Larry has one called this guy Larry but
as I said that I was talking to Ali I
was like that is a stupid name so I want
you guys question today is not really a
question it's more of like a help knee
of the day I want you guys to name this
drone come up with a name Larry might
stick just because it's so odd but if
you guys have a better name for the new
drone let me know in the comments and I
will change its name to what you guys
think
basically whichever one gets thumbed up
the most in the comments so if you guys
see one that you like if you don't have
one that you can think of just thumb it
up and then that way I can see which one
you guys like the most and then I'll
name the drone net so you guys get to
name the drone so so I just want to show
you guys what's happening right now
we're going through all the wedding
registry gifts
we have such amazing friends and family
that got us such nice nice things and
what's good about that is now we get to
donate I just did a lap in the kitchen
that's okay
Ali's been cleaning all this morning so
what we're doing is we're gonna be
donating a lot of things which is really
I really like doing that kind of stuff
so we're gonna donate a bunch of stuff
today I've been just kind of laying low
it's I'm just basically thankful that
I'm not just at Albuquerque right now or
day off and some random city in Texas
because tomorrow I fly out to San
Antonio back on tour and then we have I
think Atlanta and then the Florida dates
and then this tour is done and they get
to come home Zoe you left your toy
outside picking up after the dogs just
practicing for kids all these toys by
the way I want to say thank you to the
young lady young ladies who got Zoe a
new mr. bill and look what she's already
done to it because she already did to it
Allie that's oh no Zoe you you already
ripped off mr. Bill's nose you little
punk by the way remember that day I did
this whole drawer it's not quite what it
was but it's a little bit little good oh
this is the one we're tackling right now
Allie with Allie Allie West Ricky over
here got used to that it's so funny
Allie was working on her signature so
when we go to like playlist or VidCon I
think I throw it to you like something
that's what I'm saying like so playlist
live because we're probably gonna be
going you guys will be the first ones to
see Ally's are you nervous no just don't
that's when you get to the display and
dub you your new signature you know the
brains all over the place but what I'm
saying is I was going through everything
and I found this so we're gonna go like
this on fire paper rock scissors I can
light it on fire right now
ready to rock scissors rock scissor
shoot Oh
with the scissors okay let's go just
locked okay
well take you there really oh I think
this is one of those dumb ones so this
might be a little anti-climatic still
you got to do it so still if you find
fireworks you light it Wendy
you missed it buddy is the only have one
what are we're Plouffe as a ripoff utter
chaos basically what we're trying to do
is put away some of the new stuff that
we got and then donate old things and
things that we don't really use and kind
of declutter our kitchen in our lives
right now because the labs are a little
bit cluttered I feel so blessed because
so many people got us just wonderful
things and you know when you get married
you're like it's kind of hard if you
already live together and you already
have a home and things of that sort and
you have a lot of the things that you
already they I guess you would ask on a
wedding registry I guess that's how it
goes I'm not really sure but there was a
lot of things that we didn't have on the
registry and there's a lot of things
that were super old that we're not
working or we've had to replace multiple
times so we ended up getting a lot of
those things in our wedding registry
which is like I said it's very weird
when you already own a home when you
already have all you already have a lot
of the things I feel like people ask on
the wedding registry so you're having a
hard time and we felt uncomfortable we
didn't really want to ask our friends
and our family for anything but we're
very very blessed for the people and our
friends and our family who take you out
of the way to do really kinda nice
gestures and also help us out to things
because we could not choose anything it
was nice to bring in new things and then
get rid of a ton of stuff it really
pushed us to organize our house organize
our lives a little bit more so I'm very
happy with what we've done thus far me
being a cook this was the best thing
I've ever received and it is a knife set
like a real legit awesome super rad
sharp knife set and guys I'm like so so
so so so so excited about this seems
really done it's not the coolest thing
in the world but being a cook I love
having good knives and I didn't realize
the importance of them until I started
cooking these like different meats and
veggies and got I got I got yeah I'm
still cleaning up chaos it's still chaos
it was clean this morning but yeah
yeah that it's because she refuses to go
back in the back because I'm being
really really bad right now
we don't have anything in the house so I
went and got a chick-fil-a sandwich and
apparently this is the cutest thing the
world they give little dog biscuits in a
little pouch yep this is yours okay Zoey
so you want your dog biscuit lazy dog
smell smell inside it it smell inside
hold on a small section oh she's so good
she knows she's not supposed to do that
kind of stuff you smell it now ah
screw the rules that's actually really
cute sandwiches cookies guys out no
that's trash that is trash I'm putting
that right there because it is trash
nope nope
sit sit down
I tried to be super nice and get some
food for Ali but when I was getting out
of the car the lid wasn't everything all
the boxes are not missing recycle I just
dropped all that stuff to donation
goodwill Salvation Army I'm sorry
goodwill make I think it turns a profit
that Shawn he doesn't there's also
called bully center by my mom's house
that we're doing some stuff to long
story short we donated a bunch of stuff
and I went to go get Ali a sandwich have
something write to you I feel like I do
that's embarrassing oh I do awesome
Cole just ignore it okay just - just
ignore it I want to get out of some
lemonade a sandwich and just I was
getting out of the car though that
lemonade top was I either either a was
an attached or B I'm a moron I'm
thinking it's gonna be the ladder okay
let's just be honest internet spilled
all over me so I got a lemonade crotch
right now what just be honest Internet
why I got a sugar crotch whenever
Charles tries to do something nice
whether it's like open the door for
someone or like say something nice or
buy something for someone there's always
some type of catastrophic thing that
happens with him like you trips or his
words really stumble out of his mouth or
something
so I appreciate so the lesson of the day
is don't do anything nice if your name
is Charles Trippy yeah even though you
some bad things will happen you're doing
a nice Deeb's they're like oh but I hurt
myself every time well I hurt my my
crotch is called why something sir
there's only half lemonade
you know I said yesterday that the
wedding video would be live right now I
said Friday a couple days ago well the
wedding video is now done so you can see
I was just checking it out just to make
sure and so that is now live you guys
already probably saw it because I
uploaded it just before this vlog if you
have no idea
links down there in the top of the
description so you're probably looking
down you can see it or if you look at
the I click that in a little drop-down
thing will actually take you rape to it
or if you just want to wait until then
to vlog which I highly recommend then go
watch it and I couldn't be happier Peter
and Jason did such a good job so please
go check it out guys give it some love
thank you so much for being a part of
that whole process it was stressful but
at the end of the day it was one of the
most amazing days of my life in most
beautiful days Ali look gorgeous my suit
was awesome can't forget that anyway
yeah go check it out guys it's all you
ready go home what are you looking at
yeah I see these back which makes me so
very excited because I've missed him so
much
I was talking to my mom for a little bit
we were just talking about how old he's
getting like I'm finally seeing like the
coloration around his eyes it's getting
really really white and my mom thinks
that he's actually becoming a little
deaf I say selective hearing but she
really thinks that he's like losing his
hearing in his left ear unfortunately so
kind of sad but I'm so happy that you
feel happy to be back
so hopefully the girls would be excited
to see him because I'm not really sure
if they're going to be especially since
Zoey just had a traumatic experience
with Fenley and was so exhausted on her
when I brought her home
from Melissa's house it like I said
Finley and Marley are fine but Zoe is
just older and just not really feeling
it I think hopefully she'll be happier
with diesel big enough I had to come to
the storage unit come first I didn't
unlock the car so how am I gonna get
anything out sorry bud he's like mom I
don't know where we're at what we're
doing it's freaking me out
because he's never been here some kids
do I do it's my god but we had some more
stuff that we had to put in the storage
unit
oh my god why is the gear decided come
here get this done
I don't know if you guys can go see me
oh not ours so next one ours is the next
one you're gonna come over here with me
but there you go
we're done made a really silly mistake
going to the wrong I probably looked
awesome on camera than I am trying to
break into somebody else's unit yes are
you so excited see Charles get some
tired so the girls got their toys you
want to get yours
go get your toy Oh Oh for heaven's sake
look at that tail harmonizing I'm flying
meat is another toy you like it bud ally
just got home with a bunch of groceries
and Zoe is on cute patrol right now to
try to get a bunch of food and Marley
keeps farting everywhere she's got some
ranting farts right now right uppercuts
and so what you are is a smelly awesome
or it could be him I don't know it's one
of these two I know it's not Zoe yeah
it's not you because you weren't even
sitting by me when you were fired all
this fart smells were going on all right
so before I go to bed and we end the
vlog and you guys can watch the wedding
video nerd rock JJJ Shawn
frankly my dad's AK Kohli everyone that
had a party at the house while Ally and
I went to the hotel after the wedding
and nerd rock said I need to ask Google
something so don't judge me this is all
nerd rock because he's new rock all
right hey Google what is the dirty
sanchez after anal sex
Google answers that that's how we're
gonna end today's video I didn't think
question today I want you guys to tell
me some phrases or questions I can ask
Google because that's the funniest one I
think what's another one hey Google
what's up Lumpkin or bumpkin
according to missionary no vulgar
explain the actors performing fellatio
allow the recipient is defecating do you
say you just said Howard Stern said
that's Mark Wahlberg that is insane
okay any more questions that's what I
want you guys to tell me in the comments
because this is hilarious guys it
doesn't have to be sexual no that's the
funniest ones I think because the fact
that it can actually look that up all
right
I will see you guys tomorrow make sure
you go check the wedding video up click
the I or there's going to be a link down
a description
or there'll be an annotation at the end
of the video so what's a blumpkin what's
a book well it told you
