I'm most looking forward to seeing Ali
in her dress I think because that's like
the biggest mystery and I just know
she's gonna look gorgeous now that I
have found Charles and seeing all this
come true and having the friends and
having certainly and having this big
wedding it makes me realize like the
only thing that ever really mattered was
having him Ali is probably one of the
sweetest most selfless people I know
like she just cares so much for
everybody else and she doesn't really
focus on herself a lot because she's so
worried about helping others and I feel
like today is nice because she has to be
all about her
he is selfless she always thinks other
people before you think of himself he's
brilliant and driven and he was beyond
beyond one of the most amazing people
I've ever known my entire life
they can't get you yet am I allowed to
do this use the rules
he was gorgeous I promise to cherish and
protect you for the rest of our lives I
promise to hold you when you get scared
because you insist on watching a scary
movie late at night and I even warned
you that you're going to get scared I
promise to stand by your side as your
husband partner lover and best friend
when you feel overwhelmed I promise to
be the one that you can count on to ease
your mind and dress you do I promise to
remind you and tell you how beautiful
you are every day even if you feel like
you don't
I promise to hold your hand through
anything in life that may throw at us
whether it's good or bad because
together we're strong enough to get
through anything and most of all I
promise to love you until we're old
senile crazy and gray kinda a little bit
of both of those right now I know
I can't believe the day is finally here
the day I get to marry the most
incredible man our government
today I go help you love every aspect of
life
always the understanding of your
feelings and to always have the patience
that love demands I've out speak some
words are needed and to share the
silence when they are not provided
clumping comfort and knowing you will
always hold special place in my heart I
vow to curiously love you and all of
your forms come out of our lives I
promise to never forget that the love we
have for one another comes only once in
a lifetime you are my one too silly
I thought - love you always no matter
what challenges might carry us apart and
that we will always find a way back to
one another even if we trip away
I love you with every inch of my being
Thanks Wow
you'll make me cry
I am so excited to see you today and to
marry you I'm getting emotional already
I just want you to know how much I love
you and how excited I am to start this
adventure with you and be with you for
the rest of our crazy weird awkward
lives and I just want you to know how
thankful I am for you all that you've
done for me all that you've done for my
family all day done for my friends
you're amazing I don't think there's any
perfect words that I can say right now
that it's going to truly describe how I
feel about you in the type of person
that you are
we love you can't wait you can't waste
it your face I can't wait to awkwardly
dance with you later but I love you I
love you I love you I love you to the
movie back
honey I love you so much and I can't
wait to marry you and see you in a dress
I just wanted to say thank you so much
for being the person that always stood
on my side you can through the ups and
downs and your amazing person I can't
wait to call you my wife and you're
already my best friend but I can't wait
to marry you so I love you very much all
right Charles repeat after me
I Charles I trow take you Allie take you
Allie to be my wife to be my wife I
promise to be true to you I promise to
be true to you to cherish you to cherish
you to be there for you to be there for
you in good times and in bad in good
times and in bad in sickness and in
health in sickness and in health I give
you this ring I give you this ring as a
sign that I choose you as a sign up that
I choose you and that's it and as a
reminder that I will always love you as
a reminder that I will love you to be my
lover to be my lover my partner my
partner and my best friend and my best
friend to the end of my days to the end
of my day all right Alan repeat after me
hi Allie hi Allie thank you Charl take
you Charles to be my husband to be my
husband I promise to be true to you come
to cherish you detention to be there for
you to be there for you in good times
and in bad in good times and bad in
sickness and in health in sickness and
in health I give you this ring I give
you this ring as a sign that I choose
you as a sign that I choose you and as a
reminder and as a reminder that I will
always love you and I'll always love you
to be my lover be my lover my partner my
partner and my best friend my best
friend to the end of my day to the end
of my day and without further ado it's
my pleasure to present to you mr.
Charles and mrs. Ally
hello there wife over here
you
Oh
as all of you know alleys absolutely
beautiful that her beauty runs so much
deeper
she is an amazing soul she will do
anything for anyone without expecting
anything in return she has always been
the one to stand up for the underdog and
she's just truly selfless
I couldn't imagine anyone more deserving
of each other's love than the two of you
thank you so much for being such a
shining light of true love and all of
our lives and may you continue to bring
out the best of each other
cheers guys I love you
I have seen you through the absolute
worst of times you know and it broke my
heart so many times to see you go
through some of the things that is not
fair but tonight I can truly and
honestly say that I have seen you
through the best of times and I see what
you guys have right now is so beautiful
and it's what you inspire so many people
to to have so congratulations and God
bless you guys I love you
you
you
