oh gosh um get a cup
good morning guys so we are still in
Vegas I know we said good night still
working this is how we're gonna have our
last night in Vegas this could either be
the Trail of Tears or the trail of
happiness but oh you're gonna be the one
doing it by the way Casey was it two or
three days ago one $700 off of what 10
bucks or someone yeah
of a 10 bucks so basically if in
roulette if we lose Casey's just going
to give us his money
yeah I'm fired that's it's a
double-edged sword is even worse you're
in Vegas you're on fly your fights are
cheap whatever all right
I don't know if I could go film this I'm
gonna try a my father sometimes can get
sneaky
shudders 14 whoever black
blame yourself for your bite this
we did it so we literally just doubled
our money
Casey's Casey's not fired anymore thank
God he got a promotion look the guys see
that real quick I've never held this I
was like what $1300 I've never had 13 Oh
camera won't focus so that's roughly
with $1,300 and fake-ass chips look like
say go Casey
don't let Travis touch that cash it out
quick
wash that out look like a rapper now I'm
not driving back claiming there was
Danny's fault totally busted
technically we want it and then Danny
was like that we kept going literally
just you got everybody amped up and we
put it the reason why it was because of
the fact that we when we got there we
were doing the red nine and then it hit
red nine yeah I remember talking about
that so we were like kind of like that
meets my babies to be born the other
night yeah so there's a lot of awesome
like positivity babies birthday that we
didn't repent it and that we want to
achieve yeah we were for like $1,300
Danny but it again did not yeah he's got
the cash there no I swear to you I was
supposed to lie earlier I walked away
because I had to come in here Silva was
so alive
so I sold the lie dance real cash is it
route - that's real cash money okay no I
said okay I'm Casey killed it but do it
alright never let lately dude you've
been killing it so here's the thing so
ready 9 okay just that was the thing
that we wanted to hit was right nine and
we couldn't get organized if it would we
actually got it down on the table in
time we would have won $21,000 it's I
don't even wanna think about it but we
warned
so that's a good thing it's a good way
to leave Vegas I feel like $21,000 was
freaking amazing Suzanne just found a
nice little hidden gem over there so you
know somebody had fun in Vegas I
couldn't bring him with it good jacket
we're here so early I've never been here
this early
I don't think the security's working
right now sometimes there's a point
where you come too early to the airport
I think we just I never thought they
would
check about the gate no there's no way
then I've got entire row right there
this way no one can take last parently
Airport does in fact close and we open
lesson learned
who's this become this is so early I got
no response to anything is she saying
back there so tired but it's to be so
nice to be home I'm looking forward to
it so much
ladies and gentlemen is our pleasure to
welcome you to Atlanta with a local time
it's 12:40 all right we just ran through
the airport to get on this plane I was
going to I don't like when people like
on escalators everything's dead though
we gotta go get the girls and the dude
from Melissa's house and Ali's mom's
house
shut up somebody got to sleep the whole
time I do go like had to be the pillow
the whole time no body massage by the
massage machine I clean I cleaned and
then you made a mess again
oh so we've been home for maybe 30
minutes and I'm already in the mode of
like I thought of you it's just kind of
relaxed once I get home but I realized
that is not gonna happen for a while I
have to get some things done in order to
go back on the road and be a little bit
more what's the word reassured that I
got everything done like when you're
gone for like how long was I gone maybe
a couple months now
I really civil damn heavy
it puts you right here well yeah I
realized how many bills just kind of
like gather up and then that way when I
come home I'm like oh look at that water
bill water bill electricity
oh and the internet which by the way
just have you yell at them because I pay
for very air brick I paid for like 150
150 and for some reason I'm getting only
like maybe 70 and 75 which is nowhere
freaking close to what I'm paying for so
I had to downgrade that because they
weren't standing by him and I just like
sat there dumbfounded I'm like does
anyone sit there and just plug their
computer in when they're paying for a
certain amount of things as a result
just to make them happy dumbest thing
I've ever heard and as I do this for a
living
got to make sure everything's you know
kind of perfect otherwise things get a
little bit hectic okay what else do I
got to do Allen getting the pups they
can't wait to see him holy cow to me
back in Florida not that the time out on
the bus wasn't amazing cuz it was so
much fun there's something so wonderful
about coming back to your house and like
being in your own space being able to
sit in your couch and watch what you
want to watch and kind of relax I'm just
so looking forward to that and I know
Charles is for the next two days as well
the time change is really kind of
screwed us up a little bit but that
forward actually five o'clock now it's
5:00 p.m. and I'm on my way to my
sister's house to go pick up mail
packages things like that that were sent
while we were gone I'm gonna grab the
girls let me go grab diesel and then
we're gonna have an awesome night
together and take the double there's
Charles I show you guys what he changed
it to I can't see it okay go let me show
you what it changed thank you
has to be cubby here we go home
he's already tomorrow I'll go get some
more Zoey you ready go we'll go for a
car ride go for right see hi hi what's
in your mouth ohyes oh hi okay they're
all calm
you're so calm right now where's your
mouth why you don't give a crap you
don't give a crap bar she's trying to
figure out how to have to drop that
thing hi can I have that please so you
can say hi yeah is that why you don't
want to say I can I see that so you can
properly say hi I'll give it back I
promise I'll give it back no your face
is wet from this thing I missed you guys
I know you're the only one that's gonna
be nice there's so calm we know you're
gonna leave again hey no more Finlay
no more Finlay to bug you I honestly
think this is the comments they've ever
ever been oh now you're gonna come say
hi now that your bones gone you think oh
now I love you again now I love you
again
yes mo good then Melissa give you a bath
I'm sorry to take it away from you I am
so sorry took it away from you
but didn't you love me pretend you to
love me pretend pretend okay you're free
but there is so tired they've never come
home too tired my hairs so long so
keeping up with the whole that peanut of
a relaxants got
home I just went and mailed one thing I
got to go mail another thing I got my
drone so I'm really excited now I have
to transfer my cereal for my Refresh
care so they were really really helpful
so I got that replaced can bring that
back on board I've been basically using
Danny's drone the last few days been
kind of good I just get really nervous
flying somebody else's drone but now I
got to go get some dog food because the
pups are hungry and then I got to go
mail out one more thing it's kind of
crazy I thought it would be able to
relax all right finishing the plans for
the day and then I get to go walk the
dogs and just kind of chill I don't I
don't mean to complain or anything like
that but it's it's a lot like coming
home like flying it before getting up at
1:00 3:00 in the morning or staying up
all day should sake let it get any sleep
and then leaving before the tour bus
left and then you saw Suzanne alley and
myself were just chilling at the airport
waiting for it to essentially open and
then fly home and then just take care of
a bunch of errands which is fine because
I'm really happy and I feel better when
I get things done because I like the
whole time oh this is not my spot I feel
like better because like girls on tour I
knew I had all those thing
take care of well obviously it wasn't
able to do it and I didn't want to make
Ali you know do that on top of playing
in the whole wedding as soon as I got
home I was just like in productive mode
I was just like bam bam bam bam bam all
I think I didn't get to do is play in
the house and I honestly truthfully I
think I'm gonna do it that could think
I'm just gonna let Ali do cuz she'll be
home a little longer that we can at
least tonight and tomorrow just hang out
with everybody and just enjoy being home
no we hungry girl in that fight I know
it man
barley girl what's this thing stick in
there so some exciting things came out
today we got back from look I just flew
in here
hello you just flew in here get her out
it's a beetle don't be don't get up
oh she's huge I know yes well with all
that commotion we actually got back
today from the courts our actual
marriage license that is certified and
they let they like wrote us a cute
little note and everything they have
given us our official record that
verifies that we're married honey why
don't you drop a cup what are you doing
a cop honey gotta know you did it honey
grab a cup you didn't get tired you get
a cop oh yes I'm gonna do this right now
just to prove my point no I know you can
get the point what's the point
somehow Charles has lost the beetle
don't believe he's in the fridge so your
good luck there but I think it's behind
the fridge I guarantee you he'll come
back out here he said yeah be good so we
wanted to give Zoey a little bit of a
break because from what Melissa was
telling us Marley and family got along
like perfectly there is there is I think
you're scared of this beetle the way
that you're doing it get him did you get
him
good job Oh see them
good job babe save that beetle
okay he went right to the light he went
right to the light he went right to the
light did you see that yes but hey I'm
proud of you for saving that litter
beater I know I'm proud of me so what I
was thinking earlier was that we wanted
to give Zoey a little bit of a break
because Finley if you've not seen him
he's got huge and Zoe's getting older so
she's getting cranky
Frank here that's exactly what is this
Finley Marley loved each other they
bonded Marley put Finley in this place
and like he knows you know that Marley
is the boss but Zoey just could not
handle it at all this past few days so
we wanted to give her a little bit of a
break before diesel came over now that
Diesel's a lot but she deserves a break
Oh where's your toy we did - boy how
does it feel to be home for like a hot
second I haven't sat down yet so it's
exhausting while the outside so well
here in a second why she's ready to get
him I don't know Charles got two drones
on accident he actually didn't get two
drones purposely however he did get
another drone even though he lost his
other one I bought one and then they
shipped back a replacement I'm returning
the one I bought exactly
regardless he lost a drone again Guilin
oh yeah and you know that's what I'm
talking about if you say that way like I
think I lost guys can tell me give me an
exact count over the past like two years
no how about year that how many drones
Charles does either broken or lost for
how many cameras have I broken to one
one to one where the screen cracked what
how many cameras this Charles broken
five thousand
I feel like Canon makes their own
special like production of canon g7x s
mark two's for Charles Trippy so they
know they have enough oh there's a
smudge right there that's like there's a
smudge oh you little Turkey don't you be
a little Turkey we're gonna call it an
early night I guess it wouldn't really
be an early night but for us it is it's
gonna be an early night because Ali and
I haven't slept the I guess two days now
so we just made a delicious meal we're
gonna sit here we're actually gonna
watch the wedding video we just got a
cut and I think what we're gonna do is
we're gonna release it Friday we're just
waiting for a little bit of tweaks so
we're gonna watch it right now hopefully
we'll get it like approve to Peter by
Thursday so that way Friday
the wedding video should be online which
I'm so excited for you guys to see so
far from the cuts we've seen and the
trailer you guys have seen it looks
phenomenal and it's a nice little
summary of the wedding and it's really
beautiful because truthfully Ali and I
didn't really get to experience a lot of
the wedding that's sounds crazy but like
we got we were running all over the
place with everyone plus the wedding has
170 people and you have to make sure to
try to say hi to everyone it's by the
way it's impossible so I feel like this
is it was so much fun but I feel like
this is gonna be really nice for us to
watch and just kind of relive the moment
because we honestly I don't think I'd
ever got a churro so that just shows you
I get like anything and then you get a
churro because the seagull took it yes I
think there's one Stroh's anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video today's
question of the day is I want to know if
you guys have ever went to a casino or
gambled in general how much have you won
or yeah or how much have you lost
that's the question today so far twelve
hundred and some dollars is the most
I've collectively ever won lost I think
I've lost only pride
like 20 bucks I'm very frugal yeah so I
mean I'm very frugal with I think
gambling because I don't like it too
much I'll just put it in my IRA older
people know what that means
younger people it's retirement all right
I'm gonna go to bed on that one I'll see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night
booze booze
