good morning guys as you can see diesel
is now my desk thank you buddy
appreciate thank you dude my desk now
too you could be one of the Google
moveable ones okay
Eureka you in my desk you'll be my desk
my desk deal there you go des stay good
girl oh my dude you're the best here
good boy Oh nobody wants to do it now no
what I could just you know pretty much
use this as the best the other day when
I was doing a one-take sundae which by
the way I feel like I'm getting but that
one takes which is kind of crazy cuz I
usually suck and have to edit things
about a million times anyway long story
short I feel like I got better however
in that video I took way too much apple
cider vinegar and it crushed my stomach
so I learned from you guys a couple
things first off put it in water or
something else also echinacea is good as
well is this thing it's like
elderberries I didn't know about this is
like called it's like cold and flu
relief elderberries didn't know that
existed it actually tastes like sweet
tarts which is kind of crazy I'm this
whole thing that's going on right now
it's not the flu its flu-like symptoms
and what sucks is that in the state of
Florida okay first off the reason why I
feel like I get sick a lot and Ally gets
sick a lot is because we live in Florida
and as a result I feel like everyone
from up north that brings their sickness
and colds from europium in the cold
comes to Florida and spreads it that's
why I feel like Florida everyone gets
sick a lot like Dani myself Travis we
all get sick a little bit more often my
sister a little bit more often because
of situations like that and on top of
this okay so my sister works in the
health field she told me that the strand
of the flu the flu shot that's going
around in Florida does not work like
it's mutated so much so everyone getting
flu shots right now just wasted their
time money and put themself at risk
which is kind of crazy to think about
also kind of crazy to think about like
when you get a shot of anything it's
always just a minor amount of something
so your immune system gets adapted to
that's crazy like if you get like a
polio shot they're giving you a tiny
little bit of polio in there just to
make sure your immune system can go to
it that's crazy I could be wrong but
that's crazy that's true in my
understanding so I keep opening this I
don't know where the freaking apple
cider vinegar is my definitely ki nation
going but I have to get better because I
leave on Saturday or Friday or son I
gotta leave to take that long flight to
New Zealand and I do not want to be sick
on that long plate that flight alone
sucks I live alone sniffling and
spreading more germs that's another
reason why everyone gets sick and I'm
afraid that chute where is it can't be
far just the other day another
suggestion that you guys were talking
about is used like local honey and it
just so happens rubber one went and
harvested honey this one right here
yep and this is the result of that
actually a lot of fun if you didn't see
that whole video go watch the full one I
put the date in that little flashback
but yeah so I've been trying to do local
honey on top of everything too so I'm
literally going like balls the wall not
with every home remedy because I mean I
already take a lot of medication because
of situation I go through and if I can
avoid taking more because I'm always
afraid of things like interacting with
it and making things worse it's just I
kind of a fear of mine so I try to avoid
things like that as much as I possibly
can all right so this is just the
echinacea that's not problem I think was
this a flower yeah it's like a flower I
think what do you want cat follows me
everywhere I go it's up reek you're
probably not going to drink that I smell
it yeah it smells like crap silly you
sneezing over there though - if you're
getting sick is it flu coming around
what do you guys want I don't know it's
gonna let me tell ya
well you guys can tell there's a little
baby and there anything is partners I
was telling you about
so tell us earlier the reason why that
we met up is the fact that I am
Valentina how to edit and she is getting
great to her channel all set up all
ready to go doing it
no male in these videos she can't hello
when she starts going on these videos
she can you know obviously edit in the
way that she was we felt that it would
be better than I taught her I suppose
like January Charles because there's so
and I know how to slow things down and
make it a little bit easier to learn so
she's gonna serve very soon getting
ready to come all of that the 30 filling
some stuff and editing them putting that
out but I'm going to start showing her a
little bit of what I've learned from
Charles and tips and tricks that are
gonna help her because I remember how it
was my first started learning how to
oh what's that about you when in doubt
if you need a baby toy grab your keys
that's the way to do it hey look at that
baby blip
yeah yeah okay okay so I'm trying to get
a little bit of a handle of things so
when I you know because we leave so soon
like I just said probably in the last
clip I gotta get everything taken care
of
oh why don't we just do this I can't
believe people are freaking doing that
stupid thing literally ingesting poison
please for the love of God tell me no
one watches this video or watches these
videos ever ever does that please if you
do stop so dumb you know I get
challenges sometimes with the internet
but that one I just can't get my head
around it it's like okay you know like
baby food challenge there's you know
like touch my head blindfolded Pie Face
challenge and then all of a sudden it
just took the extreme and just poisoned
challenge so I never sometimes I've been
doing this for 12 years and the internet
still blows me away that's all I gotta
say about that just for the love of God
this is a little PSA don't be dumb and
if you were dumb stop I'm gonna screw
this guy's that doesn't help at all it
doesn't help at all I think when it
comes down to
ingesting vinegar it's not poison at
least taste like it you think this is
bad we'll try it I don't leave for a
couple days but I'm not gonna do this
last-minute stuff
please obviously with Valentina helping
you know show I think she's basically
just helping her with editing and things
like that
that way she can start making videos as
well but while she's doing that and
she's running around and obviously she
has the car and we only have one car
because the other one's broken by the
way that's what's wrong with the red one
it's just something broke
it's costing us a lot of money to
actually fix it so we've been debating
if we should fix it sell it or do
whatever those things are so that way we
have two cars there's one obviously it
sucks now that I can drive that I have
to either take it over
when Ali's got to do something or she's
got taken uber what I have to do
something so we're just we're trying to
figure stuff out right now while she's
doing that I'm gonna start packing
obviously the dogs are a little upset
but they don't really tell you I'm gonna
be here for a couple more days okay
did you just wink at me just winked
so I feel like I'm over packing every
single time everyone's just chillin I
think Diesel's in the bathroom so I need
diesel you just hanging out in here bud
D you can come outside and hang out to
be a loner I'd never even look to see
how long I'm gonna be gone so it's like
one two weeks I think I may be over
packing Marly goes for the higher level
right here so she can find the pizza
looking aren't you you're so funny
your goofball so I just made home and
it's a really nice day we are talkin
Tina
obviously I've told you that about 400
times I taught her kind of like a
shortcut wing I realized today hug tired
I look and I have an answer for that
that cap keeps me up all night and I
know that we should probably like kick
her out of the room which we've done and
then she makes the ruckus when we don't
litter in like she's literally Pat's at
the door and she meows and there's all
these crazy things and then we'll put
her in the office aka her room that's
the same thing so it's like okay I like
just bears through it just like bears
through it you'll get there but I just
today I notice how tired I look and I'm
sure you guys have to get their stuff in
the comments but I promise you there's a
reason for it and it's cuz I'm not
getting sleep but I'm gonna be okay
don't wanna be okay it'll be fine life
is good but it's great I always loved
catching up with Dawn Tina she's amazing
and I'm so excited for her that she's
starting up her own channel and she's
gonna be doing a lot of like mommy and
baby stuff and kind of like things that
she's going through as a new mom and she
hasn't put up a video yet she's going to
be putting up a video very soon but I
think if you go subscribe now at least
you'll get the alert from when she does
put something up so show her some love
we all know how it goes like I got very
lucky and very blessed with Charles
where when I started my channel I had a
lot of you amazing people that came
right over without any hesitation so I
know a lot of you are DL viewers out
there so go over there give her some
love and I'm super excited to see what
she's gonna be putting up cuz it's
pretty amazing you did three miles
that's good
only worth this now yeah it's vegetables
so it's good for you there's veggies on
that but Holly I know I look really
tired at the blog recently and I have a
very luxe look okay and she's about four
pounds that's how big it is so we're
talking with Heather and Rika is
sticking her tongue out and allowing me
to do this letting it happen Dennis Lee
so Heather you want to say anything do
you want to say anything anyone's like
sure behind the vlog I am a cat she's
like one of those dogs that she's really
going like this gonna buy me a mic amber
okay guys well that note I just want to
say thank you to a few of the CTFxC
patrons first one is Selina Shay Steve
Young Derrick stones Michael Koval
Bonnie Jones and last but not least
jasper of recce coolest name ever so
anyway don't forget to subscribe guys
hope you enjoy today's video and thank
you all every one of you CTFxC patrons
it does mean a lot to us
I hope you enjoyed today's video look at
this nod your head you know what you
look like in Star Wars remember Natalie
Portman that's what it looks like don't
know about me a mocking honestly that's
what it looks like what's this run a
photo of Natalie Portman oh yeah oh I'm
gonna give it like it ma
yeah fine we sing walk now say yeah mock
yeah hey guys let's see the mom thing
yeah
