good morning everyone
all right Santa Ana is a place called
crafted donuts so if you're ever here
come here I'll show you why I'm the
crafty Donuts guys
there's where to go so many amazing
Donuts that's how we're starting today
that's a pop-tart doing it
that's where I got a Tim Horton's kind
of Homer Simpson shock and milk on town
so you got to come here we can only fit
six doughnuts vaginas box signature that
bad are you sign your name oh wait you
guys threw the baby doughnuts oh you're
gonna have to run like three more miles
cookie butter maple bacon Simpson Danny
which I was gonna say which one do you
think mine is before she said Simpsons
and ruined it everyone knew that was
mine so I realized the first thing that
you saw today was just amazing amount of
donuts anyway it's the word Santa Anna
right that's what I'm saying earlier
today is an interesting day because
we're playing at this place called the
observatory and we're playing right
there at that stage and wait for it
wu-tang clan is playing at this side of
the building so technically we're
playing with wu-tang like yesterday we
played with Death Cab and no flex like
slowly but surely I'm like checking off
all these bands I never thought I'd ever
get to play with honestly whoo tang clan
was never even in my mind that that was
a possibility but it's kind of funny
we're set up there their lighting rig
over there it's kind of crazy that's the
cool lighting rig that arrives me as a
zebra you know the effect for the camera
so you can see the lighting and stuff
you're chillin I'm the weed maps I love
it they just have a giant weed Maps like
booth or whatever you want to call it
all right where do you want to go
Starbucks
I'm doing like a nice little circle
around you big deals like 360 cameras
and like they're like
oh by the way the wedding video is done
we have to we'll watch it actually I
just got it today so it'll be uploaded
when you want to upload it we'll figure
it out we'll let you guys know probably
Wednesday
huh no we still had a film maybe
Wednesday so I will let you guys know
probably by the end of this video what
we decide play this and then all these
knives and I view Suman really closely
there's a bottle opener in the middle of
it all getting rid of all those zombies
naturally you know when we go to a city
and doesn't have anything
the thing we gotta go do is just find
the helpful wall
sometimes that's the only thing you can
do in certain city you don't see the
Easter Bunny getting ready Danny like
our new backdrop yeah yeah w-4 we the
Kings Danny can you give us a song can
you sing part of the song boys playing
ball together all right we finally got
one in there you go come do it
alley-oop I've only known that about a
million times Charles I love how you're
like yeah look at me slam Doug
okay
do I get up
come on babe you got this might want to
stand up maybe to help well your arch I
can take you anywhere
but for now I'm embarrassed
remember that time I beat you and Horace
Charles Trippy you got to buy everything
in Hooters now Jacob is this hilarious
watching these three grown men try to
play this basketball game nothing but
net oh yeah don't even turn don't even
try to discuss this is how we do in the
pros skill ah hello poach our house like
all this confidence now he's like oh I
totally got this so simple
you guys are gonna ask
chan
let me see your sweater hey you know
what I hear you shouldn't you should
probably not I don't you don't somebody
that's right here so from that brief
clip we got to see Rutan clay as we were
playing so it's kind of cool we got the
during the middle of the set there's
like a little walk off like trapped us
an acoustic thing like you always does
and during that time Kohli hunter and
myself son Nate I know you're funny okay
yeah Geno's the only one I got to watch
everything did you get to watch a no
baby did you get to watch you know
did you love it yeah you know you're not
supposed to for them give that guys
you're asking how many times I can say
that joke the answer is not enough
college yet fun watching weekend the
monitor guy told me seven I bet you had
dropouts cuz we had a lot of RF yeah we
did like the base I could just move by
the way I also had to use his routine
planning told you I had to use Collins
in ears and he's got the straightest
this is gonna be weird
he's got the straightest ear canals in
the world and the reason why I know this
is because you know those things in our
ears they're molded to our ear canal
like specifically and I had to use his
today and he's in ear canals like this
most humans are arched super like that's
just like corkscrew they're really
turning yeah would you lose great
sunglasses if you fight sunglasses -
probably coleus they're just bring them
for him he's called Collins Cooling's I
think briars
coolin I had a really Collins ear in
ears that now my ears are all
I think they're straight now I think
what canals are straight today's show
was pretty awesome
somebody had in and out bastards I am
going to go to bed because we have an
early we have a day off actually in LA
tomorrow so it's going to be pretty nice
but I will see you guys tomorrow always
have a great night sorry : sorry always
gotta make sure that I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a wonderful
night I guess
