good morning guys we are in Los Angeles
you're playing the troubadour again play
the last tour it became it was the last
day of the last tour so we are here in
LA what do you want to do
you know the dogs that's my new favorite
place I just want to go in there and
hang out all that necessarily my only
diesel so much but we're going home on
the 22nd for two or three days so that's
gonna be nice
a final break before the tour is in it's
like perfect we space it out so perfect
so I went home obviously getting married
then Ali comes out on tour for about a
week and then we go home for a couple
days and then we're out of a tour for
maybe another week and a half and then
tours over so it's like spaced perfectly
on this tour for me pull char I looked
really good driving so many cool classic
cars in here I feel like this is we're
gone in 60 seconds was filmed I think
Eleanor's in there do you want one thank
you next to each other in a three lane
road will just be all like Jay Leno is
just driving around the cars that he
can't really shouldn't be driving
driving in coffees or whatever we don't
know I was driving in charge
oh you're right you're right
let me work in peace
having Ally out here is pretty freakin
nice breaking the bed making it nice
although every day Zack I make my bed
don't you making about every single day
every day I come sometimes accidentally
put my food on it this is the funniest
thing sometimes Zack comes in like a
crazy man and just so rushed and so busy
he comes he just puts his stuff right
here he's up here so like I don't know
the disconnect there's a sandwich
sitting right here I'm like okay how did
he miss it like this is nowhere close
back at the Troubadour Callie give me a
dad it's not funny if you just know my
face I'm just over your face man
why is there a VIP up at the top right
it's so straight it looks like you're
just talking to a photo of two dogs so
good news guys I asked you if anyone had
any photos or video of Ali shredding on
the guitar well let me see here Ouisa
monroe actually did it so I'm just gonna
cut to a leash ready
they actually did a pretty good job
doing that you got a good job like
faking it oh by the way beers on the bus
this reminded me happy st. Patrick's Day
Patty's Day do you have your wrap do you
still know your rap freestyle go bring
beer the 8th once I've been beer with a
very colourful walkway awesome
yeah really see it
I'll and I'm wandering off for now
before the show because it started to
get like on I've noticed that it's very
much kind of like Groundhog Day I don't
know if you guys ever seen that movie
was Bill Murray back to the Haney's
classic movie but basically he wakes up
and restarts this day multiple times and
I feel that's kind of like what up
touring is like sometimes like you wake
up your sound check find food play a
show you go to bed then you wake up and
do the whole thing so that's why I like
I always push myself to wander off in
the areas and just try to find something
you to kind of break that cycle
otherwise you'd lose your freaking mind
I see you sharks coming
today I was like Academy I wanted
I can understand like how can be super
boring just to be on that bus what's
that boring but yeah it does get boring
it's more like for me it's more
frustration because I'm a very active
person Holly knows this I can't sit oh
yeah there were these things when we lit
him on fire do you remember the scene
I'm not here you go
correct give me a flower
what I proposed you I blew it
all thanks honey
that's right and then I proposed you
actually you know what it was it was
this meeting freaking nervous and trying
to find the best time to do it because
Ali did we tell him what happened
before I proposed to you like we were
going from like like two hours the hell
just happened like 12 15 times and
filing through with traps the gentlemen
and then BAM I did it great I was just
trying to find the perfect spot like
vibrant I saw those like yeah you set up
pretty pretty was I putting it in the
pause I said reminded me of like the
showerhead
yeah I think you said you wanted to walk
back through there because we saw at the
beginning and then I was like okay we
keep this some back in my head and then
we walked back through it I was like oh
I'm scrambling I don't know what else in
the never ever I had a little aha moment
right there so yeah that's what happened
when I proposed to my wife
so we're discovering that a West
Hollywood was not have much to offer
besides Hills bars and restaurants and
clubs thank I didn't think Club no I'm
saying there's there's lots of clubs
there's lots of clubs so we were trying
to find something different to do with
there's literally nothing to do want to
see what we're doing this shows you that
we are already an old married couple you
get also show why we're taking a little
we're sitting on this bench on the side
of LA row
yep so I think what we're gonna do today
for the rest of the day is we're gonna
try and figure out our own fun i we
don't know what it's gonna be yet but
it's gonna be fun and it is st. Patty's
Day so I'm sure we can find something
fun to torture : and Danny with we're on
Sunset Boulevard is right behind us but
I don't think there's literally nothing
look it it's so smoky today Kimberly
what what's crazy is that this was not
here this morning it just kind of rolled
in like what was that the fog is that
the movie the fog so duh it looked like
it was rolling in just like that
smog what happened was what happened to
the smog Oh cuz here I get it here's so
funny what Frankie zoom Frankie zoom we
had that was not like that this morning
actually had Sun and everything and then
just poof went away there's the infamous
Tower Records for the shell of it now it
looks like it's a gibson store which is
cool at least stayed in the music
business
it's a
Mardi Gras is Mardi Gras stuffing
underwear I think they might feel a
little confused on the holiday but
that's okay get your leg got it hi
where's Hondo there he is nobody who's
that pretty girl dude that pretty girl
is that pretty girl who loves casual
Fridays that's you
I'm done so here's a fun little thing we
were on the bus this chillin just got
back from the bank
look who randomly shows up on the bus it
scares all of us ever got Jessie lives
out here so surprised it was good to see
longtime friends I was explaining to him
that this is the longest set we ever
play so brace yourself
I think Kasim's on his way as well so
it's gonna be a pretty fun show you
haven't seen the first album that's a
herd scene so you stocking full album
yeah so stuff that we hadn't played
before this tour sometimes it never
yeah so the first couple shows we're
pretty interesting well we got it now so
make sure to come to the show we got
locked in and only cook a couple shows
but we're good now wait wait wait that's
the new hit get away there wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
is that new EDM track yeah yeah it's
called wait wait
but Frankie Moreno wait okay Francisco
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
Kinsley's waving to all her many fans
you waving Kim's she's waving all her
fans
right
it's like I've got sandwich kinsley you
hold my flower
they smell it this smell good smells
good it smells so good
look at that face that's a matching
pants like that
that's your pants and they sure like
that do you have them - that's right
every guy converse on alright guys well
beat the place so there's one over there
that's crazy so maybe that's a just a
buncha lines could be a like a mesh of
line we're leaving La right now it was a
great show it's great to see everyone
Jesse came and hung out see Patrick's
Day
so naturally the old tool had a good day
they did he's practicing so hygiene
right now hygiene reverse chief kids
pristine out the thought alright guys I
will see you tomorrow I think we're
playing the festival tomorrow so like we
have no effects flogging.molly Death Cab
for Cutie it's gonna be a huge festivals
gonna be awesome so I will see you guys
tomorrow
have a great night
