good morning Internet guess where we're
at
the biggest little city in the world
I've actually never been here before
when it actually is really freakin small
oh look at that I didn't see that
there's a rock climbing wall right above
it that's kind of cool
all right guys looks like I lost the
drone like an idiot and I'm on top of
the hotel with a guy who's helping me
try to figure this out I'm such a
freaking moron this is not my fault
yeah I think it might be a lost cause
man
because we went on this one I remember
this one right I want to zoom in on that
one see if that works
oh my goodness it's time to bring it in
it's our actual marriage license to
verify that we are officially married I
still have my my crown because I'm
trying to draw it out cuz I want to keep
it in church
sorry sighs okay I'm gonna I'm just
gonna I'm gonna stick you right back in
there cuz you I will not lose one of
these berries so I guess I'm trying to
dry this out because I want to keep them
forever it's like a little like memento
and I did the same thing with my bouquet
I also wanted to show you guys this my
best friend Shelly that was in the
wedding made this for us and it's kind
of like a shadow box of our invitation
and our RSVPs thinks of that sorts and
it's just flippin beautiful and I
absolutely love it the thing that we got
that I have not shown you guys yet is we
got this gift from this girl named
Jacqueline and she's awesome she's a
CTFxC and an incredible drummer and she
sent us these M&Ms and they say let me
see if I could show you guys up close so
they say just married and then there's
also ones that this is so crazy this
this just blows my mind that has our
faces on it like what kind of the
coolest gift ever I absolutely love it
such a cool idea back into the bull you
go so before Ali's judge area now that
was not my fault 100% I was flying it
normally and I think you've just lost
control of the controller not because of
me it was fully charged but all of a
sudden it kind of dropped and shut
itself off and it wouldn't connect
itself so I tried everything possibly
could I had an awesome dude take me to
the top of this hotel oh casino to where
I can see all these buildings I do not
victorious I'm a little bummed actually
I'm really really freaking bummed but I
lost the drone I'm so bummed up cuz that
almost went the entire tour getting some
awesome shots every single day luckily
as you guys got to see I was able to get
the shot from the last day here at Reno
but after this unless I can find one
locally I'm really really really really
really super bummed and pissed off right
now why is this always happen to me
before we see anything I'm an idiot I
already know I'm already an idiot it's
honestly the last place where it said it
would be - hey let me just take a screen
shot where I'm talking about
see right there try it every night can't
believe you actually let me bill do that
though that was actually really really
really nice of them I think what happens
is the guy has won and he totally felt
my pain I am on my way to turn in our
marriage license sorry these things just
I feel like I can never talk on the
element but I am actually getting ready
to go bring in our marriage license
right now before I head out tomorrow
beautiful char and all the guys on tour
and I'm only gonna be out there for a
few days
just because one he's got a lot to do
here to be on tour for a very long time
on a bus with no opportunity to utilize
your many bodily functions isn't the
most feeling thing in the world so I'm
just gonna go for a few days and then
head back here char I think is actually
gonna come back here with me for a day
or two next week I'm gonna actually
change my name a lot of you been asking
what I'm going to be doing for my name
is it gonna be trippy am I going to
hyphenate my name I have chosen along
with Charles that I'm going to hyphenate
my name to Allie westenberg trippy which
sounds so weird to me but I'm very proud
of my name and I love my last name and
I'm very proud of the trippy name and I
just wanted to have both being that I am
the last westenberg female on my side I
did want to keep that so I wanted to
make sure that I maintained that side of
me and I'm very excited about it so I'm
gonna be doing that next week sending
this out today and then yeah marriage
life is not much different it really is
so much different it feels exactly the
same as it always has which is a
wonderful thing I really hope you guys
are enjoying the photos and the videos
because it's just been a whirlwind and
it's just been so beautiful well that's
that little fun adventure I do have some
good news I talked to DJI and I have all
this insurance kind of thing with it
they said they'll send me another one so
the good news is I will be getting
another one when I go home for bait
the bad news is I feel like a frickin
moron but it pays to have insurance on
things especially when your name's
Charles Trippy so good news is a couple
days we're gonna miss the little drone
intro shots they can find something like
b-roll online of cities that were going
otherwise I'm gonna have to wait until I
get home at a couple days and then get
it again and Danny has one so maybe Val
actually we're bringing his and in that
way I can maybe just use pins for those
days and then when I get mine replaced
by DJI I'll have that one again I feel
so stupid guys feel so stupid so dumb
but I had insurance because I had a bad
feeling about this so I honestly hope
you guys enjoyed that little intro for
today because it cost the drone okay I'm
gonna go kind of look around Reno I've
never been here so I want to kind of see
what's going on in this area other than
the Reno sign okay and it's done just
like that super simple all I had to do
was handed in and it's like such an
exciting feeling just handing in that
paper I have no idea why but I can't
stop smiling I'm married guys it's an
awesome awesome awesome feeling like I
told you guys in the past I never
thought I'd be the one that would get
married and I didn't think it would be
that big of a deal but now that it's
happened it's just real so magical and I
love it I love it I told you guys about
that rock wall but Frankie and I would
just walk it over there I'll get around
that tree if you look those two little
stripes right there those are actually
part of the wall so you go up that one
and then go all the way up to that
little bell that is pretty freaking
gnarly I keep coming back to the sign I
think it's the only thing in Reno it's
not a casino that's kind of cool welcome
to Reno we got a sign that says Reno hey
Frankie here's the ten bucks I owe ya
hey you fellow niggas gonna prune
wasn't it 500 bucks the opioid I was
five I was tell me
490 now okay cool so you guys know that
490 you pay me later it's all good for
tonight that's all good fun tens all you
have you're good dad we're gonna shut
that now I'm trying to turn
unfortunately a pretty crappy day for me
into a cool day literally it's so cold a
good
I'd like blowing away when I was on top
of the roof of that hotel where I
thought everything landed unfortunately
you got to see a little bit of the part
of where I got to go when I was on top
of that casino I was looking and there's
this giant river over here the feeds
from the glaciers so apparently all this
water is coming from melted glaciers on
those mountains it's really pretty
though kind of makes me feel a little
bit more calm about losing the
not really I mean I'm actually pretty
relieved that they're actually going to
replace it because of the warranty I
feel like I'm like the king of always
telling you guys warranties actually
work with cameras usually they're kind
of a ripoff but I've proved time and
time again that at least for our
profession of YouTube they actually work
a lot Wak Wak
don't worry bucks I'll leave you alone
duck-duck-goose
Oh juice cheesy dad jokes for days how
are you even making out with the grandma
hey good dance yes for like three days
and it's been a little vacation yes
we're gonna go for a walk
yes we are I know I've missed you too
I've missed you too it's been too crazy
it's been her duck craziest time not
having go in my life I don't know if we
actually got to show you guys this is
actually the one of the bouquet is from
the wedding in it my mom brought it home
and these are like little blue thistles
and she grabbed some they let her take
some of them home she's gonna dry them
after a certain point they're so pretty
for my mom's the one who told me to dry
my bouquet so she grabbed one of these
to dry and I just think they're so
beautiful what was she doing you're
loving this walk there you go it's about
to roll I can just see it coming and
there it is it's all under yeah you okay
stamp stamp my dogs the Freak
it's like 52 degrees out and I'm cold
because it's windy
that's why it look like I'm bundled up
for the middle of winter it's crazy
winter store that's been going through
on this coast definitely hit Florida not
as bad as up north but definitely hit
Florida I'm just walking diesel and
spending some time with him because he's
gonna be going back with my mom because
I'm going out of town tomorrow let's go
meet it with char and then the girls are
gonna be going with Melissa and I a lot
of you didn't realize that sir maybe
don't know but instead of putting all
the dogs at Melissa's house we've
discovered that it's easier to just have
diesel one of my mom's so that's why
sometimes you'll see him go to my mom's
and the past three three days he's been
at my mom's because we were gonna have a
lot of people at the house and he tends
to get very very excited he can kind of
be a little overwhelming for people so
that's why he sometimes disappears I
should say but don't worry he always is
great so my mom's house he was hanging
out with Lola and Max since we've been
like uploading it like putting the
videos from the wedding you know
different people filming things for that
source the little sneak peek of our
wedding
video a lot of people have been asking
like where all of our parents were it
was so funny because we were thinking
about the same thing we're like wow we
don't really see my mom we don't really
see Marv Liam you don't really see my
dad we don't really see chars sad but
don't worry guys they were all at the
wedding they were all there but one
thing that we noticed and like I never I
guess I I didn't realize it would be
this difficult but out wedding so you
are so busy we were overwhelmed with the
amount of people that are there and you
try and say hi to everybody and you try
and spend time with everybody you always
end up not spending time with everyone
or not seeing everyone or not giving the
dedicated amount of time you want to
each person it's so crazy it actually it
really does happen it happened at our
wedding I had to go through and call
people and say I'm so sorry you know I
meant to spend more time with you at the
wedding but it just got sober whelming
everyone for the same thing to me this
is usually what happens at weddings you
don't get to spend as much time with a
lot of people even like family because
you're so used to seeing them that you
almost feel like there's an obligation
to your friends they don't get to see
that often I just wanted to let you guys
know all family was there everyone had
an amazing time that at least that's
what we've been told I hadn't incredible
time char had an incredible time it was
just beautiful and I'm like cloud nine
from it not just because it was
beautiful and not just because you know
like seeing all that hard work being put
together and actually right in front of
your eyes but being able to dance and
spend time with my friends at my family
a Matar you know like I just I had so
much fun and I just did such a memorable
night and it goes by so fast
but it was just so magnificent I'm just
so happy I really I'm just so so happy
nope dump the big bug
but I will skip this rock
I used to love skipping rocks give the
nice flat ones
I was a terrible one now
of course it would
I swear swear hit it
we got to look for the perfect one there
we go
didn't have oh no this is heroin not a
good skipper warlock would be a good one
if there's a little smaller this is like
the epitome of a day off for me I like
this other than what happened earlier
just kind of going off and just finding
something local giant River like he said
by a glacier and about me right over
there melting away I got a perfect one
right now
that nailed it you hear it
you
hey guys so I just kind of fell asleep
ought to go take a shower
power later I'm still in the hotel I get
a go I get some sleep
Ali's on her way early in the morning so
I was trying to get some sleep so
tomorrow I wouldn't be all tired so
before I go to bed let's go check out
the Reno sign at night okay this is
definitely cooler at night it's very
gimmicky but I love it I've never seen
that sign so it was kind of cool to come
see it I mean and there's that's the
hotel the drone is definitely not on top
but that is where we were just trying to
look on the bright side of things
earlier today kind of you know sucks for
me but whatever I got the insurance with
it I told him that the controller just
died on me and I didn't do anything
wrong so they're sending another one so
that's my end but also I know Ali told
me today that she dropped off our
marriage license that means we're
officially married in the state of
Florida kind of crazy that you need just
a silly piece of paper to actually state
that but and you go through the ceremony
and it's not official what would you
guys do would you just have like a giant
party that necessary ceremony and just
go to the courthouse or would you
actually have a wedding wedding that's
the question of the day because what you
could do is you can technically go to
the courthouse get married at the
courthouse in the nap
have a giant party with everybody or are
you the more traditional type of people
like kind of like what Ali and I did
everyone has the right away here now I'm
actually writing that I'm going to send
it over to Ali's say good night you guys
but I will see you tomorrow when Ali
gets here tomorrow morning in San
Francisco take away well Internet I am
going to head out because I have to pack
snuggle and sleep before I head out
tomorrow to go see char so I hope you
guys really enjoyed today's video and if
you guys are brand new please do not
forget to hit not only the subscribe
button but everyone else that's always
been watching along with the newbies
make sure you hit that like button and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye I'm
gonna do what she's doing
