morning guys as you got to be here
playing the venues will literally no
joke it's called the venue I'm going to
go I got to get some more clothes
because I'm running out of clothes and
there's no cleaner over here so i think
is Amalia remember it's kind of a
sketchy area though please crazy enough
last time we were here Frankie told me
that a guy's got was like like throat
slit like wake up the street so I'm not
a big fan of inflation salt lake I'm
just looking I said never know no job
this is actually kind of funny heilig
invited Frankie through my wallet like
Kyle so that way in the event I'm just
this is me being overprotective of
myself in the event I'll seem so
beautiful right there that I go missing
I just so stupid I know kekilli track my
Pasha Oh dumb so look at this this was
so beautiful nothing like to play but
very much this way I love snow capped
mountains like that it is a beautiful
bus outside the venue I'm not sure
that's intentional but school walk sign
of her theme I was walking the complete
wrong direction and I had to correct
that really super fast I didn't mean to
scare you guys Frankie and Duncan till
it scare the crap out of it those
balloons anyway if you guys didn't know
yesterday we actually posted a teaser
for the wedding video cost you ov agra
fur and it might be a little
we were hoping for so we wanted a kind
of post the teaser video not to bury
cheese you guys but at least give
something before the actual video and I
think the actual teaser video came out
so freaking night if you haven't seen it
just go click that little I or you can
ply it look on our channel you'll see it
it's going to be amazing I think the
video for the reason most beautiful
thing I've ever seen you're lazy and or
on a mobile device put that little I and
they'll drop down you can go click it or
does that leave in the description and
go watch it guys go give some love
to the freaking huge mistake it's so
freaking hot out left right now you go
it's really kind of funny I looked on
the map funny kind of sucks for these of
the Northeast specifically I noticed
that just as we enter the Northeast tour
section of the tour a blizzard hit the
reason why I say it's fun is because it
was an unfeasibly warm when we were over
there everyone was like it's never been
this hot ever because we were you know
expecting a bunch of snow I have so many
jackets that's ready for the film and
just as we left I think Koli said where
he lives they're going to get like 30
inches of snow Hershey into says gravy
how much and we when we were in
Connecticut there was like maybe this
much it was all melted I wanted to see a
lot of snow but I'm kind of glad that we
didn't I just thought it was kind of
funny that like just as left all the
snow camp where is this mom all right
now shirt so being that it's nerd rocks
last few hours here in Florida we're
going to go grab lunch and one of the
best places ever Stone Soup and was
bringing the dog yes yeah ready let's go
come on
this is pretty cool
that's awesome I like that a lot cool
piece of art I was looking at it I felt
a red but now you can actually see let
me just back up a little bit Wow the
camera at pasta up so much it's weird
like with my eyes I don't see it as well
but second I put the camera on there wow
that's so that's actually really cool oh
look you guys remember the spaceman I
was will see him next time actually I'll
go see I'll go walk over there I gotta
go through a little scary mr. spaceman I
never knowed it he's given the peace
sign it's actually kind of funny I
always wanted to go to space that's one
thing I know I can't ever do or maybe i
can because all that privatizing you
know like SpaceX and all that stuff and
what's the other one Virgin Galactic's
like one that you probably go what I
need to do is it starts freaking baby
with a madman or get sponsored a virgin
you want to send me the state come on
please so we decided to bring these
little little poop head to come Allah
have lunch with us they're very curious
and obsessive they can't travel very far
6 i'd go home yes and you know it's
always
going home yeah absolutely another small
battle yeah absolutely absolutely
installer good good Sigma Hoffa you're
also talking it's like freezing here
today out of the blue there's like cold
weather we are not used to it at all sit
down sit down cream who is here you got
to get down now and they're just kinda
nuts i can get me lunch before he leaves
can you tell me you were good hanging
out and so are you my mom are lots of
people wanted to come and say hi to you
guys you ready to walk home I think as
we yes
trap stand right underneath it Oh
getting sucked up by aliens buddy I like
to start the India it is lighting we
paid super amount of money for this this
is going to break the bank right there I
almost had a huge whoopsie moment right
now I'm Vegas we had like two or three
days off and Ali's really come out from
San Francisco to Vegas the shows
actually yeah because then they
Arizona's before vegas so we're going to
fly home browser the same Vegas for
three days or two days and I was just
talking Duncan he's like so what time
you fly back to San Antonio Emily whoops
I completely forgot device take it back
to the Topher likes bad moment right
there one hundred percent trying to find
the green I think so creepy castelli
pink song not going to happy realistic
wow what the hell this is our huge I
never realized how big they are because
they're always so high up what a weird
thing is it cool if it or not we'll go
this half-open door ya know bad things
look like they happen in here because
pooped pooped out from that short little
trip you just sag his nerd rocks about
to leave where's the wrong who's
enrolled think they're sad nerd you know
you're leaving they don't like when
people leave have a real hard time with
it a nerd rock is heading back out from
Texas though it was absent
door earlier roaring come on stairs and
like it hurt her you know shaker car
outside the door and I got a whole like
oh hello there is what do you do I know
you're living I know I know that sound
yep you're packing up I don't see they
said she does not like it at all yeah
it'll be ok he will be back here for the
minute now get them that in and out you
can enjoy an active board inside of the
Queen so your mama's bed and then head
out awesome
a lot of southern wild it could be every
time I do you know where the heads off
side of that goes way to examine it does
right ya allah cool there's an entire
cloud animals are pretty parity amazing
yeah i mean broken hand I like while i
got i'll vote I'll vote on that one this
is a certification for the communiqu√©s
popped up yeah me could not support it's
also doing it on and logging a stop
serving anyone who says we have used
service bays for wine to me 25 points
right guys ready for this Frankie you're
ready for it there we go so I put this
in your pocket
which pocket get up again whats up
youtube its me just love here we are the
two of us know everything you touch any
of it up hell yeah follow me on
instagram Oh Adam Johnson oh if you guys
wanna watch inspirational video go to be
kidding you do love it but because you
do be in freaking package exists it's
weird Frankie step put this on your
package and the me of you you
working so people know I don't do it I
just and there are you doing everyone
that's even worse if you're thinking
yourself deeper deeper than mom please
just stop however done that's probably
one of the rowdiest crowds that we had
so far on the tour tomorrow we have a
day off actually in a city I don't think
I've ever actually been but Reno Nevada
you know the biggest little city Reno
911 that's all I know about this city so
it's gonna be kind of cool to have a day
off there then Thursday Ali gets here in
San Francisco I'm so excited been trying
to clean up my bumpers what did I
possibly can because having two people
crammed in there it's nice especially
when you're with your wife but at the
same time you always like to be on the
outside so it was like really curled up
on the actual back of it so sure don't
give in to hug filming not just kidding
don't get the champion right you know it
ready for me now i'm doing in chicago
hug but nevermind but he doesn't get a
day off Duncan ever out dunking never
stop and he's a hard-working man if you
ever see Duncan to give him a high five
because he's a hard-working man alright
guys I will see you in Reno Nevada have
a great night bye guys yeah stay off ya
off day off oh by the way I apologize
for yesterday so now I wrote peak like a
mountain peak like an idiot I was tired
I know it's embarrassing I was like you
need to do that anyway you didn't see
yesterday's video we posted the sneak
peek PE EK of the wedding video so go
check that out click the little I and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always is
