good morning guys
I'm leaving for the airport and just in
time Peter just sent us a trailer for
the wedding video and now he's currently
about to cry as she's watching it so far
it looks very beautiful so bad but I
didn't want to like lead white yet but I
I kind of have the kalakeya keep playing
base what I'm trying to say so I need to
go out there meet everyone in Denver
kind of finish off the tour Alison to
come out maybe the 15th or 16th I think
I'm coming home we have a three or four
days in Vegas and I don't like Vegas
very much she isn't that so I'm just
gonna come home during the three or four
day break
which I don't know why we have that big
of a break but you know brakes the
brakes and I'll accept it and then we
have couple music festivals on the tour
that we're doing in like Arizona there's
another one thing between California and
I think I'll easily come to those but we
were just discussing right now if we
should post the wedding trailer right
now or if we should wait to the actual
wedding video and I think what we
decided is that right after this video
you can go watch or you click here or
link down the description you can go
watch the wedding trailer here he turned
it around so fast their talent is
particularly they came out so good the
songs are so good right now guys I just
wanted to let you know after this video
or witness videos live I'm not really
sure how we did it it may have been live
before this video the wedding trailer
video is live and then hopefully the
final video will be done
maybe this week early this week maybe
the fact that they did the trailer
within a day the two days kind of blows
my mind they filmed a lot wouldn't let
you guys know please go check out the
trailer and get excited for the video
the final video because they're going
through a lot of footage we watched the
trailer this morning we're like she
posts a trailer or should we wait for
the whole thing can we head up on the
way to the airport we decided it's too
good not to do so pretty like I'm like
and it's like a minute long Lawson yeah
you I will date goes by so fast so it's
nice to relive it being able to see
perhaps an emotional wreck that day so
it's like
that's why you got to get a good
videographer when you get married guys
is that way you can actually get to
relive it because the photo says a
thousand words but what does that say
about a video about a few times it says
its price a billion words by a little
weird metaphor for today I'll shut up
now can we get him a plane but I just
wanted to let you guys know because we
decided that just as we were driving
I'll put the link in the description or
if you click that little eye up there
you see a little I click that thing and
it'll drop down and I'll have it
directly in the video mobile device I
didn't so bad good news is I just booked
her flight so she's gonna be coming out
on tour so I'm just saying hi at all yes
sir come to the shows I'm not really
sure 100% I think she's coming out from
her San Francisco I think all the way to
Vegas because she's never seen San
Francisco and I kind of want to go to
Alcatraz again so I don't give me give
me tickets for that but it's coming out
to tour I'm really excited that the
Vegas shows I think I have a few days
off so I get to go home I'm like spacing
the rest of this tour perfectly I think
the tour is done and then we have
College shows never go to Europe and
then we go to Hawaii which she's coming
to round Hawaii for about a week happy
Monday internet uh is kind of late in
the afternoon but I'm still I feel like
what was jet-lagged even the way no I'm
not chat like I'm just I'm slowly
getting out of wedding mode and being in
wedding mode for a couple of days really
drains you out we're trying to get the
house back to normal and trying to get
it all cleaned up because it's just been
crazy and chaotic weekend char left
today to fly to I want to say it was
Colorado so maybe a little sad my voice
has basically been coming and going the
entire time because I was screaming and
having so much fun the other day and uh
I just think everything finally caught
up to me crazy to think that the wedding
is over it went by so quick and I miss
it already
I'm so happy that I had all of our
closest friends and family there and I
loved her house so much and I'm so lucky
that I'm getting emotional but he's the
most amazing man I've ever known
and I love you honey if you guys can
hear what I'm saying right now I got a
pickle
I remember this it's so odd anyway here
in Denver I gotta go find the two of us
he's two hours cut it's kind of nice but
I lost an hour with the daylight savings
but now he's got two hours back
traveling back in time
Hey back on the bus little girl gave me
some treats for everybody and we're back
home for a little temporary home oh look
at that thinks the same way you don't
like flip out everyone is Oh champion
saw hunter up bro Danny Travis just
landed okay so I beat them holy all
right I think I heard him singing
Jesse's girl or so he beats it today
fruity - why
I got it now Jimmy oh it's right I
remember Marquis Theatre it's like right
there yeah okay in turn it off yeah got
on the bus and it looks like Frankie put
this in my bunk did you make this thank
you I appreciate it man it's very sweet
of you
no it's not there you can't take credit
for this two nights is very nice he
didn't do it for you kinda said to do it
well good be back on the bus are you
really doing it no oh like he's got a
lot of stress when you pretend like not
to do it this made a big mess I just
show Katelyn the trailer to the wedding
video and it's awesome I got teary eyed
I can't wait to see that it's so good
the music so good for wait to see like
everyone dancing in like the ceremony
and speeches is so beautiful it makes my
heart so happy and it was just such a
fun day know what by so fast
are you talking I was like I can't wait
to like renew our vows and do all that
fun jazz cuz I'm gonna make Caitlyn do
it too for her wedding I'm like you're
gonna have to on your 5-year anniversary
you're gonna have to renew your vows
over New York yeah what is it like a
small legs to make a party like a small
small mega party I like that good idea
right I already want to it was that much
fun and I loved it so much you don't
know next year I know I know I told char
I was like we should do that that would
be so much got a family in brass ever
again no I don't know if I will I think
we'll never go on this body I'm gonna
wear my wedding dress again though and
I'm not gonna tell you guys throw up but
I think I'm gonna wear it again
mm-hmm so here's the fun part well not
really fun I know I part at least came
back to clean sheets so the hard part is
though when you're living in the bunk
you have to literally take everything
out
a bit more
hard almost there almost done so I feel
like since I've been out of the show for
like five or six days I feel like I got
out cut off just to be sure just work on
a couple songs plenty how the muscle
memories just come back
we opted for the second detox hearing
something kind of window
I had to figure that in 2012
I had that surgery back in 2012 when I
couldn't move my arm I was halfway
paralyzed and I found that guitar in the
closet once I was able to start walking
I started like escaping my room and I
found that guitar we met closet I just
started playing it and everything just
started coming back my arms are my
fingers started coming back was this so
great he had the muscle memory just
kicked in and I started getting normal
started like becoming Charles again and
I remember that music is crazy like it
just does so much open it's like
universal it's little babies you don't I
mean I could get some dancing especially
in their stomach internationally it
doesn't matter if you speak English or
Japanese or Russian or whatever
musics all the same it's University and
I think that's why I love music so much
that they have gravitated a little kid
tour bus with my dad bring almond and
everything and that's why I'm very very
lucky and blessed every day that I'm
able to do this and do this
but these are two jobs and never thought
ever I would be able to do but because
of you guys I'm able to and I'm
completely and utterly thankful for
everything for I'm basically forever in
your debt
is what I'm trying to say one day it's
like like teach you guys kind of play
everything every single really sweet
song on bass gonna have time I guess
this is finding time do you think I
should do that guys breathing we went
out there wanted me to do that let me
know in the comments and I'll try to do
one day new girl deal I'm touring like
the down there
I have to take this bad boy in because I
broke it shattered oh okay
just the top of it broke like I want to
say like a good two weeks ago not even
inch are what he wanted to do is he
wanted to take it in to get it fixed for
me now here's the issue with him getting
it fixed for me now my screen doesn't
work well say look I'm doing this okay
and now it's like acting like it works
but I can it doesn't type and every once
in a while it just doesn't want to work
to scroll down things of that sort
my K minutes of phone half the time and
I know I only got the screen change but
it's still very strange that it's not
working so worked before he took it now
it's not but I am taking back today to
go get that fixed ah
so counts gonna go with me see I always
tell chart don't fix it if it's not
broken even though was broken I told him
not to fix it and he still fix it anyway
so I guess it kind of I don't know it
looks better it just doesn't work that's
so frustrating
yeah so we're gonna gonna do that right
now a little bit bored on the bus so I'm
kind of just wandering around right now
find something kind of dude to do I do
the just a stupid right now Comiskey
Park I think it is you know the Rockies
play like right there to get it funny
I'm walking down the line we were
waiting out in front of the the show and
they're like happy honeymoon yeah until
Ali gets out here and tours over can't
really we have to put a pause button on
the honeymoon situation but after that
I'm going to look into I really want to
go through Maldives or Bora Bora
do the logistics and see how much it
cost and all that stuff that are feeling
it's going to be quite expensive but at
the same time I think it'd be really
worth it it's kind of a lot of wake up
and just faceplant in some crystal-clear
water I think that'd be the coolest
thing ever I remember we went there
Danny
and I think those coals be I remember
that one tour I guess remote it was the
Summerfest where Danny and I would go to
every baseball stadium that we were
playing just to watch a couple innings
of every baseball team wish we could do
it again but it's not it's not a
baseball season right now so can't do
that where is the chess game
there Curtis do my part because some
a-hole didn't do theirs
I know I kind of wandered off violators
will be immobilized cells through the
boots I think I gotta go this way
yeah nope nope call me a wimp nope just
watch the video from the CTFxC 18 and up
group my sister and I did and I got
teary eyed I just wanna say thank you
guys so much for doing that you guys
always go above and beyond to make us
feel loved by you and I just want you to
know that we do 100% feel loved by you
and we got we appreciate you guys so
much and thank you so much for the
beautiful video and for all the amazing
congratulations and for all the kindness
a you know all of you have shown us
since we got married to us before we got
married and we just appreciate you guys
gotten close to being engaged twice I
want it at the end to feel different but
don't judge I need a good therapy
because we've had who do you want to win
Jeff do you engage right now yeah
oh is the finale yeah watching porn
can't decide to leave this tortoise
right Court okay I can't breathe
I'll wager you want except for I was
like spoiler
first conversation I'm gonna all aren't
able to know where a snapchat in it I
feel like I've been so selfish from the
fair where my heart is that could be a
lot of picture big Big Love yeah journey
girls who say no though it's beautiful
he's gonna get the third time poor dude
he's taking it to another room what is
he doing now I'm all nervous lately
bought her a car
I got you an XL declare about her pocket
this was Travis's like I wasn't even
caring now just like watching how
stressed he is and how long
bigot by dollar bet now which just says
yes or no no notorious enough do though
I think get more knowledge into I mean
than me I don't have any knowledge me
that you've watched it so many times
I've never seen the show in my life
I'm sure you guys watching the
front-left know dis outta here goodness
isn't like him and she's not sweating it
any longer you watch this shitty idea he
doesn't even deny got me into it meant
drinking games out of those pretty fun
that's a bad joke
anything what does everyone's guest I
don't even know what's going on
oh food about it three about it oh
yeah did you not hear her you didn't be
some very excited at all hashtag spoiler
who wrong
I was a total loss I will way that you
didn't hit me did you didn't know what
you're doing what nurses aren't I trying
to mention a time traveler we'll be
talking about
Showtime wake up tired from The Bachelor
Ansan East Coast time
yeah it's like midnight right now
right so my day was kind of uh filled
with things and I had to get done
because I was a procrastinator and
honored Rock right now I was actually at
my sister's house hanging out with her
husband Tom and I'm just when kind of
catching up on some emails and really
trying to relax a little bit today
hey guys Wednesday I am heading out of
town to go meet up with Charles and just
go on like a few days of the tour with
him because we if you guys everyone
noticed we did not take a honeymoon
because we are planning on taking a
honeymoon later on being that he had to
go back on tour so yeah I'm just gonna
go spend a few days there and have a
little extra time with him and I'm very
much looking forward to it but I'm ready
to like chill out for the next few days
hang out with the dogs and do nothing
really really crazy just simple simple
simple hey ho I love you guys I hope
that you have been enjoying the vlogs
and I'm just so happy I don't know if I
ever did you guys see my ring I showed
you I have the other part that
officially that right there along with
wedding documentation verifying that we
have married each other show us that we
are married and we love each other but I
love him I love you guys
yeah I'm gonna head out not making much
sense cuz I'm so tired
well guys I'm exhausted right now I'm
still on East Coast time I'm actually
facetiming my beautiful wife now I get
to say that she's passed out to a
soothing beauty I woke her up just so we
could say goodnight now that the video
the sneak peek of the the wedding video
is now live so now it's the end of this
video so link down the description guys
or click that little I like we're saying
go check it out it's a sneak peek the
final video should be done in the next
week week and a half or something like
that it's what I think Peter told Ali
myself go check it out it's so beautiful
and I hope you guys really like it I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a wonderful night
I guess Holly what's a good night good
night honey
