why not good morning honey I'm Suzanne
and we have wonderful day after day
first thing you would have to weird
Ellen tied you up bitch song no I was
not the first thing the big liar
this is a she's a liar good morning
everyone
day one of being made and Ali's still
wearing her a little cracker she put it
on as walking on Alicia day I'm wearing
this all day it's beautiful
noon must all of your beard do my makeup
up I mean you're beautiful so and I know
if I ever turn a word
no I draw word oh please usual you guys
better Prius not afraid sure honey if it
ain't my wife is gone yeah I did notice
that so day one of marriage it's not
looking so pretty so I think what we're
going to do is we're to stay on the
beach maybe for the day maybe go home in
the evening just and spend time with the
pups and because that's fly out
unfortunately tomorrow like I got a late
flight though yeah I did come yesterday
some of you if that means we're gonna be
locked in for life solo because I said
that I know yesterday was so crazy that
I didn't know things we got the bed
until like 4:00 in the morning yeah yeah
10 o'clock right now I'm actually
working on the video while I was well
heart exploding opinions for the video
beautiful yeah I'm working on the video
right now well howdy got some breakfast
is catching up with photos and all that
I didn't take any photos at all the
whole weekend every photo she's been
grabbing right now from friends on
Instagram I love to do
my brain I truthfully that's why were
you hired a photographer right now right
savers will hopefully send us some
photos probably next week Peters and I
had the video done hopefully next week
in the meantime I hope you guys watched
yesterday's video because I know it's
probably one of the longest videos but
we were talking we're like let's just
not cut anything out so that's why we
wanted to be able to share as much as
possible and
we wanted to have this memory for
ourselves documented that way we can
always look back on it you know just in
case there's a hard drive failure or
something what's on that um this giant
pole no really yeah that was just a pole
up in the battery time I think they're
able to anything time together to hang
out enjoy the beach and now we're going
to do the pool that I'm going to run up
and go finish uploading a video I think
it's like seven gigabytes you 85 let me
go back step back for me
alright where we go how cool is it bath
water not exactly where I want to go
with all the kids and bath water
yeah I'll go in the ocean world the fish
poo and vomit and have sexual relations
fish in the ocean
thank you much so next time when you
guys go in the ocean and either that did
a big gulp of water just think of that
thank you by the way I lost my glasses
somewhere in the chaotic NASA collected
no no it's fine I'm laughing now those
are the ones in the journal thinking
that was creepy me ship worst-case
scenario we have that back up there so
and best-case scenario we're going a
winner torso son doesn't exist during
the winter why lose your hand
I'm going to wait way staff that that's
route oh I love to do the exact same
thing that's bananas CA na na s can't
see it on the screen except to look at a
snapchat there we go
I'm glad you you like the little dinky
toy I like to take you away better it
just would look so big otherwise these
tiny fingers had big figures I feel like
when fitting all so maybe I don't have
to resize
hey white guys want to meet my wifey
wifey is cooler than hubby I think
hobbies are cool every club sub okay
flex I like that you guys like alia take
me a little bit colors and I feel like
how these fuzzy like clothes very long
it to be not like long it's just fell
fiance yeah I also get my boyfriends are
like dating this guy and then the person
goes like this I like and this guy find
the stain and then I'm dating him and
now we're like boyfriend relative in the
fiance and then you're almost that much
so that our transition from our
relationship yeah that's true
that is Mineo jones i was a very metro
and the other folks at home Vegas after
they get and then I think Ali might come
out maybe you should come out before
Vegas and go home together trying to
figure out what Alec and actually bother
the wedding is done she can kind of
relax a little bit more and maybe that
way she can come out of the road think
you grew up toward the full of full buck
choice well could you read
the good news is we got rid of the cold
though so I think you'll be okay now I
like coconut liquor feeling well like I
know I can jump up a tiring dress like a
cold would knock on something gone can I
have to be happy well if we go to fix by
that cold ii got back in Florida with
him oh but immediately go be able to put
the man on the beach but you'll never
take the technology away from him really
got their username in the room now if
you're isn't it don't figure out how to
get you out too before so I think I'm
gonna go into the charm the tour earlier
than I expected because I'm going to
have a couple crazy few weeks coming up
in the next month I think we're going to
try and book it as soon as possible for
me to go hang out with this guy ma'am
ma'am for the same chillin chillin like
a villain named Bob Dylan okay who like
delis rapping laughing oh my god space
that video that I had to edit that in
for Caitlin I want that back career
awesome today is like the days one of
the only days that I don't feel like I'm
running all over the place I'm trying to
just kind of relax and just chill for
one who I'll be completely honest it's
so hard when you do that my life I feel
like I'm doing okay because my life just
what I do I do the vlogs and then I go
and I play shows and tour it's just a
constant like acclimated to it and I
don't know what the view when I'm not
doing something like that I don't know
how to relax it's very weird to say
like that's the one in general today
Cindy so second for small actually
Little J and just hang out with each
other
enjoy the bead you're nothing crazy
waiting for the Sun you know just think
chaotic splitting up something for my
actually relax now that it's over so
quick they're so funny now that it's
over it's like doesn't feel like it was
a stressful wait what sorry for me I get
help for you yeah no for you definitely
it was so chaotic parasailing now I was
we should do that when I get home I
arrange I actually so practically that
was sucked had it rained this fan has
there's this entire weekend she's open
actually we're I was invited and then as
soon as writing idea come love I have no
wearing either speaking hippies go step
on on rescue now well you're like
wishing the words I'm not but wishing
this is this I'm afraid of this look at
honey bug there's a nail right here
no I'm just kidding jump in oh don't
know god you're such an asshole
well didn't push me on my bed like a
dude no it's a visa class good bunch
it's gonna fall
okay ready for the exchange before this
is we got a we got to do it ready we got
engaged March 5th Wow almost to the day
babe I didn't realize that now married a
so March 11th 2017 and it's official now
it's nerdy way is now official because
it's on Facebook there we go it's not
finished because I have to fly out super
early tomorrow I got this room so that
way we can have the room today and just
kind of enjoy the day but since I got a
flower early we're going to go home hang
out with the pups
you know moves over the park or just
something gears or something you know
relaxing is that something Ali I really
enjoy going to give Amanda Kaitlyn and
the boys the room for the night since
where we have it rather it's kind of go
to waste
might as well right hi girl
hi whoa oh there's a problem I lose all
my fingers so there's all my fingers so
we're ending our little staycation we're
just kind of like tag-teaming and
heading off the manda Kaitlyn and the
boys we're going to go hang out with the
pups and kind of it's always what your
little screw guy so we can screw the
bottles that one of you guys said that
like always screwing the bottle yeah
it's like so easy for you guys to say
yeah no we're very novel not good jayjay
brought the gifts that get traditional
bring the gifts dad is awesome oh well
JJ JJ needs to do cool seen these before
that that's actually really really
clever I love it
it's so clever that they find a little
things like that and I played so much a
fan song yes so much hey guys this is
just a little hint or a little like kind
of like teacher things if you're
planning on coming to the shows get
ready for a special little surprise that
involves dance or maybe maybe not she
just started doing it it's hilarious and
we were looking for hidden treasures and
I seem to be in this bush I guess there
wasn't that cool the treasure
come on pulling the cage guys I'm Kalki
Chewie you're so strange
I love how when I finally get that on
camera just weirds me out it's so funny
your crazy eyes I don't know if that's
really funny or I'm delirious what
I think it's easily read yeah so how did
you obtain you dear lady what I'm
showing off my muscles if you just mind
I'll just shut up a Louisville no video
and it was okay was your shirt yeah like
a nerd look up its flipping right there
who you are seeing I'm back
not bad let me show all the muscle
yeah muscles their muscle they're very
emotional to me you know has more bigger
muscles as Marley like she's ripped like
her legs if you look at Marley flat 9
King sounds weird to say but if you ever
look at Marley's legs
she's just all muscle I think we're
going to probably cut it a little bit
early tonight because this daylight
saving thing is really screwing us up on
top of the fact that the wedding was
yesterday and Ali and I are completely
out of it I'm hungover and nerd rocks
hungover okay
she's actually coming on to work so
we're gonna figure that out soon as they
get on the bus I'm gonna start figuring
that whole situation out she will be
coming to Hawaii though so that's that's
a guarantee yep what Boop and we're
bringing nothing but a bug spray and
sceeto repeller the entire time no
you're not getting bang gay and I can
use ek you're not getting any of those
things
because I think it more steady morphed
into the Zika or it's just two really
bad things I don't know it's just two
things you don't need do you nobody
needs them neither just you to go away
okay you know what the question of the
day today I feel like we have to bring
back your question today what is the
purpose of a mosquito we need we get
more that's why I'm asking
okay in the comments somebody's use a
little Wikipedia search or comic
somebody might know what is the point of
a mosquito why do we need those things
maybe it's kind of like regulating
animal population sonson
them right who knows okay anyway the
longer than I wanted today I just wanted
to say goodnight and thank you so much
I hope you enjoyed today's video if you
did not go to watch the the wedding day
video just go
click on yesterday's video I heard from
Peter that next week we're going to be
actually getting the I guess you get the
package video right boys when you're
good for your mouth so fancy video
trailer new furniture set up
it's like al-anon venting come that's my
wife you guys how where where you'll
start calling you all under for Facebook
official now so oh yes would you that's
what get you know not good morning honey
I'm Suzanne and we have wonderful day
yesterday
first thing you would have to is we're
gonna make it up there Tom no I was not
the first thing the big wire this is it
see the liar liar okay I'm gonna go to
bed I will see you guys tomorrow hope
you enjoyed today's video don't forget
to click the like button if you're
watching first done Shh oh you shut your
mouth I did not say that you know here
we go it's right there
I'm here about ravioli um I will see you
out there this is going on way too long
longest click part of the video I will
see you guys tomorrow have a good night
by the way okay let me know why we use
those things seriously there's no steal
now Zika I hope I add
