hey guys so this is the first question
an answer of 2018 I don't think so I
don't know what it is second first it's
a question I think it's like what we
wanted to do today is we wanted to do a
QA that was a little bit more yeah it's
definitely more specific and condensed
to one particular topic so today's Q&A
is all about babies family touring and
relationships which is not really one
thing it's four things four think it all
comes together yeah you know Emily in
touring result of family so well that
totally didn't turn out the way I was so
so what we're gonna try to do is answer
and as we do more we're gonna do
specific ones instead of just giant
spectrum of questions so everything I
just said in that clip race it we're not
gonna add it you leave it there I didn't
say it all right what are you guys we're
gonna get right into it and we're gonna
start talking tor family relationship
and babies and we got we got the
questions I wanted to say handy-dandy
notebook but I don't think anyone knows
something okay first question is from
Chelsea Roberts with you two eventually
starting a family have you considered
leaving Florida to raise your children
or do you want to continue living in
Florida PS nothing wrong with Florida
just curious a lot of emojis I think I
want to stay employed I think we're
gonna stay in Florida I mean I've always
wanted to move away and I don't think
it'll ever be a situation like we'll
move away but I think that we'll take
our kids to different places or maybe
there yeah I mean I think we might take
extended family vacations where we're
gone for like a month
I just know obviously we start having
kids you know we're not gonna do what
tell we're doing we need our family with
us so I don't think leaving this I think
that's a little terrified I don't know I
think that we're gonna I think we'll
stay here yeah Florida I mean with Torah
we get to go all over anyway so
everywhere I go
Florida is definitely the place I like
the most okay so Florida right back up
the last quiz and she asks if and when
you guys get pregnant how long do you
plan on waiting to tell the sea
xiexie do you plan on documenting things
like how you find out morning sickness
cravings etc I don't know I think we're
gonna wait until it's a safe comfortable
zone for us yeah I don't know we never
really thought about like when we would
say I think like how they just said
whenever we're comfortable we will
definitely let you guys know as far as
what we're gonna share and when we're
well I would say when we're gonna share
like I don't we haven't really discussed
it yet I think that's gonna be some step
one will do step one and then we'll get
to step two angry and four and five
whatever steps there are that come with
care yes but I think that with the the
morning sickness cravings everything
like that I think that might be
something that might go on my channel
rather than be on the CTFxC because I
think you're gonna I think it being more
specified on your and I think it would
too but I I'm afraid to say that I think
you might know when those type of things
are going on in this you can't like see
just what I think I could be more
thorough yeah on my channel its raw
emotions on the daily videos more
thought-provoking like what you want to
say in your channel you're so right so
that's from starla on Twitter will you
guys still continue the daily vlog
record even when you guys have kids
we're still on step one planning stages
I don't I don't really know what we I
think we're gonna do it it's just going
to be how we feel when we have kids you
know what we're comfortable with but I'm
sure after we discuss it with amongst
each other and friendly family well let
you guys know our decision but I think
it's something that like obviously this
is a really huge deal to Charles and
link I would never take that away from
you but I think that when we have kids
it's gonna be something together we're
gonna sit down and be like okay yeah is
it gonna work out being able to do this
every day and is it smart yeah yeah
you'll get you guys on there I promise
do you find it hard having a
long-distance relationship while on tour
or do you make it work love you guys I
would say that we make it work that's
obviously we make it work but that's a
good question because it's hard time I
think about relationships back before
FaceTime and Skype that had there been
really hard
for towing musicians or anyone traveling
but I feel we've made it work because
where we talk a lot we do face times the
whole band does face times with their
wives and children and girlfriends and I
feel like that makes things a lot easier
yeah I mean I'm not gonna lie we do have
some hard times you know I miss her
she'll miss me and it's frustrating when
we can't be with each other like you're
some heart yeah I got to agree but like
and there's even like situations that
we've encountered where and I'm not
gonna say it's not me because it is me
but we're like he's on tauron only gets
charged um for like three minutes and it
day and it's really hard and then you
know obviously sometimes fights stim for
that or frustration stems from that
right then you know you don't want to
fight with your significant other when
they're not there and it gets hard
sometimes but I think the one thing
tonight I personally love and appreciate
it's the fact that I know I'm not the
only one who's like going through it and
I also know that the guys are going
through it too so I know it's not just
me who's like I'm frustrated I got
searching for three minutes today I know
that he's feeling it too because he'll
let me know like I'm sorry I feel like
crap that I can't talk to you like
what's also nice is that the each of the
band members has each other to consult
each other went over and she's got the
girls so it's two teams like it's really
interesting how it works the dynamic is
very very interesting we're waiting for
the hammer to stop wobbling right now so
had to stop and start it again
is it your level I think it's a little
up the battery's about to die isn't it
not whatever artists from shibby that
should be shooting some shitty speaking
up during your first time touring how
did you deal with the transition of not
being able to see your I think it's
significant significant other or family
for a long period of time it was it was
definitely a shock it's like I don't
know like anyone's travel to another
country where you don't speak the
language it's definitely culture shock
touring the same way because I mean like
you thought you're in a bus with dudes
which is awesome cuz we're all friends
but at the same time
showering all the time you're eating
like crap you're not sleeping you miss
your family because you can't speak all
the time or be there so how did you deal
with that transition of not being able
to see your significant other your
family for a long time a lot of face
times I think or I'll fly home like a
lot of times I'll fly home and surprise
her
I remember that one time remember light
surprised you when you are in the closet
crabbin so I like doing things like that
but at the same time it's hard it's you
know every tour is different and every
Tori you have to learn something new and
it's kind of hard to answer that
question so I've been doing this with we
the Kings for seven years now a long
time I always forget how light it is but
I'm still not used to it and it's
something that you continually grow and
so continually learn so this question
comes from Marie Trudel and Marie asks
do you ever feel pressured to start
having kids because the rest of the band
members have them 150 percent well I
don't think it's like a pressure thing
it's like making up for you leave the
pressure thing yeah well I mean if we're
gonna be super blunt and super honest
I'm gonna be 31 only two months I
definitely feel pressured I mean I
definitely and it's not that I feel
pressured by the members of the band
that's what it is yeah I don't feel
pressured by the band well sometimes I
need he's like but it's not like a
meeting he's like he's funny and I know
and I appreciate yours announce that
Ally's pregnant like 40 times I
definitely feel the pressure because
everyone has kids and I also feel
abortion
it's not like I don't want that I might
want them but when the times are for
Charles I'd have kids we'll have kids
and Charles and I are not necessarily on
the same wavelength when it comes to
kids and I respect that because Charles
is a couple years older than me and I'm
over there yeah I think I'm just afraid
I'm a little afraid of having kids but
I'm so eager to happen so like there's
like pressure from outsiders definitely
but it doesn't it doesn't change our
view on like when we want to start
trying to have kids so that's the thing
it's like even though there's that
pressure doesn't mean that Charles and I
are gonna be okay everybody's saying you
got do it so let's go ahead and jump off
this bridge because everyone's telling
you it's not like that like it's one of
those everyone's doing the type odd
challenge so we don't do it too so no
it's not like it Charles not even really
even though we might not always be like
on the same wavelength especially with
this we are respectful enough to each
other to where we're we discuss when
we're ready and we're gonna try when
we're ready and we're gonna we're gonna
do what makes us feel good yeah I think
that's I think that's the most important
part now I'm gonna get sick I've got
your slip when you guys decide that
you're gonna have a baby how do you
think this will affect tour for you I
know most of the guys are doing this and
that with their own families but what
are your opinions on it honestly I feel
like it's going to be very hard to leave
Ally right now I mean it's every guy
like honestly every member of the band
when their significant other was
pregnant they I think felt it just
asthma I don't suggest as much because
you're the woman is going through let's
face it the woman does most of the work
so but the guys have this emotional toll
and it's I think it's gonna really big
mess with that comes with it you're not
home there shouldn't be a guilt but I
think the guy feels guilty because
they're like I should be home with my
wife
she's going through these experiences
but like I know that after speaking with
the amazing ladies from the band they're
like you know it's it's not like they're
either you know not doing anything
they're doing their job yeah they're
doing what they need to do just about
partying in Austin so I like it
We The Kings biggest party band in the
world I'm on the crew I think it's gonna
be hard but I don't think it's gonna be
I think it might be harder on you
because the physicality of everything
yeah we have a lot of film that's
another coming back why we wouldn't want
to move out of Florida is because we
have family especially when I'm on the
road that won't be able to help Ally
when I'm physically not going to be able
to you're like oh that it kind of
round-robin through there
everything just kind of comes in a
circle I like it's like a punchline of a
joke when you guys do decide to have
kids are you going to do a home birth or
a hospital also are you going to ask for
an epidural
heck yes to an epidural I'm gonna say
nothing up oh my I don't want to feel my
lips I want to feel anything below my
nose when we went saw valentina after
Carter was born we were in the room and
all of a sudden his poor lady yelling
and stamping Tina she was just like she
didn't get the epidural okay literally
work she just gave birth to Carter and
like valentina was like you know I got
the pizza yeah it hurts she's like it
hurt she's not gonna lie to me and
that's why I love Valentina so much and
I applied Jenni for having home births
because I think it's beautiful and
amazing and and I can't say that when I
get pregnant that I wouldn't even
consider it because who knows but right
now the noise that I heard in the
hospital that day coming from an another
human being I want I want all the
numbness in the world because I was
thinking about it this way and people
are gonna give me a lot about this but
I'm nine months walk around feeling pain
all over my body from weight I think I'm
allowed to have a few hours of numbness
I I just do I think that's what I'm
gonna do I'm making a joke about this
I think I'm leaning more towards the
hospital because I'll be honest I am a
little fearful of being at home did
something happen about yes so that's the
biggest thing pain is right up there too
yeah I don't want to feel the pain of my
body ripping it out have you decided on
if you would blog your baby or keep them
offline how many kids would you want and
would you consider fostering your
adoption
actually that's a really good question
we still haven't decided if we want to
keep our child offline or online I mean
that's going to be a serious discussion
between Ali and myself we have gone back
and forth with both sides yeah I think I
like this part to me where I'm like one
thing that would suck is if we chose to
not have her baby online it's like that
means I can't ever post my child on
Instagram or on Facebook which is
something that I I I enjoy sharing
photos of my life I really do I enjoy
that I love seeing baby photos of my
friends and like their growing families
and the happiness that brings so part of
me that's like heck yeah we're still
gonna film and why would that be an
issue in but then it's the negative
words like do we want to expose them to
the drama and the hate and the potential
harassment that YouTube has gone through
lately so I mean it's it's kind of one
of those what kind of yeah step by step
egg comes we'll figure out second I
think that like one our kids get older I
think that that's gonna be a much more
serious discussion because I think that
when they're at the age of like really
understanding what's going on and what's
being said I definitely don't want them
to experience to hate the trolls and I
have experienced I think right yeah you
hear you want to basically then pretend
I do a point from it but I think it'll
be something that I would rather teach
them in for me in a more natural way not
the comments like think that you're you
are someone writes something negative
about you and that's who you are I don't
want my kids to think that ever I want
them to know
like unfortunately bad things are said
and I think it'll just be different once
or I think when they're babies it might
be different but I think when they're
older it's gonna be a totally really
tough yeah conversation yeah what is
your favorite and least favorite parts
about touring favorite parts would have
to be seeing the world playing music and
never thinking I'd be certain places
like I never thought I'd go to Japan
like Tokyo and play a show or Singapore
or Sydney Australia or Auckland New
Zealand things like like Malaysia you
know things like that and I've never
even thought and meeting you guys is it
fun all over the world I'm really I just
get to talk to you guys like this but
physically go and talk with a lot of you
guys I think that's incredibly important
and awesome about Turin
that's Marley she wants to be up here
but she can't come up here on top of you
know obviously doing what I love I love
playing music I love touring and
everyone's barking now please favorite
parts would definitely be away from
family those twerps downstairs I think
they know we're talking about let's see
oh okay
least favorite parts about touring
obviously it's what I said earlier being
away from Ally friends and family the
idiot dogs in the idiot cat you know
it's kind of funny like a lot of people
like all you get to go all over the
world and but I've said this a million
times like I've gone all over the world
literally on every continent except
Antarctica but I've seen nothing you
only mean like so it's like I've seen
green rooms I've seen tour buses at
parking I can tell you what every
parking lot looks like at every place
we've ever played like I can tell you
all that stuff but around them let's
like try to get out there and wander
around which I try to do more often it's
hard enlightening I think that's one of
those stressful things is literally
stress on tour yeah so I mean that would
be my answer to those questions
Michelle Stein kikuchiyo that is a cool
freaking at the kikuchiyo name
I know whatever shoo shoo shoo and I
know what you think and we don't know
the rights to that song so you have to
tell us since you froze your sperm will
you send Charl roses sperm will you go
through an IUI or IVF I went through
fertility treatments so I'm just curious
we we don't know we don't know we don't
we don't have to take that route as a
yes yes so if that time comes I think
that it'll be something that we would
obviously talk about because I think in
situations like that it's nice to know
that there are other people that are
quality the same situation is you I
would consider it like along the same
lines when I shared the brain surgery
brain tumors and cancer and stuff like
that yeah yes it was hard for us or
higher for me just like I'm sure if that
was the route that we had to take it'd
be hard for us but at the same time we
would like we would know we're not alone
because like what Michelle just said
she's going through that so we can all
everyone came that I can connect and
relate
yeah relate to each other and I think
that's really important so if hopefully
that doesn't become the situation
honestly I don't really know the
difference between the two so that all
its be something that I have to do my
research on yeah I know what an IVF I
know what an IVF is but I never heard of
the IUI
so that's really interesting thank you
for that question this from Sophie
underscore F okay so this is from Sophie
underscore s Sophie life dance I like
that
what are you most afraid of like what
are you afraid of what are you most of
it fuck this is from Sophie underscore F
your name is so we underscore we've
recorded le photos anyway let's go on
with the coach I'm just gonna leave it
what are you most afraid of when it
comes to becoming a parent or being a
parent besides health issues of course
just making sure I don't screw up
whatever offspring comes out
everyone wants to be a good parent my
biggest thing is like I think I'm more
afraid of like the pregnancy aspects
like I want to make sure that I like
house very healthy baby
but like when it comes to being a parent
I think it even it's the same thing like
you want to house a healthy baby you
want to put them in a healthy
environment and you want to give them a
great life and you want to make sure
that they're always safe on top of that
if the kids anything like me as a kid
where we're in trouble I know what I was
like as a kid so I'm a little frayed I
was like too nice to hold my breath and
pass out that's actually a true story
Ali used to hold her breath until she
passed out just like there was like a
short period where it was kind of a pain
in the butt there's there's multiple
things I guess we're afraid of but I
mean be the positive outweighs the
negative all right what's the battery
number two let's get this let make sure
it's lined up try not lined up but yes I
know you have said sometimes it's hard
for you to share some of your personal
life on the blogs do you think you will
want to keep some secrets or do you
think that you will want to share every
detail about Park to see when you do get
pregnant that's a good question when it
comes to certain things in life for me
personally I don't like to share every
detail I just don't like to and other
people are open books and they'll talk
about absolutely anything when it comes
to pregnancy I think I'm gonna be an
open book about some things but I don't
think I'm gonna be open about everything
I'm totally okay with it and I'm like I
know that you guys will be so respectful
of that and I think I know that Charles
will do I think it's all gonna depend
but as of right now I think I'm gonna
keep something private but what would be
your best advice Charles if you want to
join a band CTFxC forever as far as
joining a band I've been playing music
actually it's kind of funny that's my
first base right there the white life
that no that was my first base
that was my second base my third being
over there so this is fun that I got
that bass most fifteen years old
I'm so 32 33 I'm 33 oh you're right
it was just the desire and the ambition
to do it I know it's what the guys did
and we the Kings I know all the friends
of mine that are advanced you know like
all these bigger bands that you know
like you know yellow card New Found
Glory Taking Back Sunday all these guys
they all started somewhere and like the
lot of you guys have seen these guys in
the vlogs - and you could tell they're
very down-to-earth very humble people
they all started from somewhere and they
just had this desire this driven
ambition to play music and fulfill a
dream that they personally want so as
far as advice for it it would probably
be that and then after that just got to
go for it yeah because you're gonna fail
I'm gonna be honest there's a lot of
failure there's a lot of like mistakes
that are made well you learn you learn
from your mistakes but you can't you
can't succeed without failure okay
hashtag true Selena with multiple a's
and selena is actually the girl who
jumped in the reflection pond for
Danny's phone we've mentioned her many
times she's Jesus she's a savior I found
it
are you serious
oh no oh you're amazing
what's the grossest torture you're
allowed to tell us well there is this
one time when Travis was and we see this
place and go and because there was and
then we filming it and then when the guy
said suppose we ought to do this we were
like we're and then and they were like
and then we were like cue to the roll
down
don't really know what happened after
that just kind of became blur actually
think I was supposed to say that
so yeah bleep that I'm so sorry but
there's some girls one I think they're
in the vlog and you probably find
especially you Selena yeah yeah that
ends today's section of the question
answers about babies and touring I'll
watch you guys in the comments let us
know some more stuff that we want to
just isolate like maybe friends hello
ladies relationships live on YouTube
questions so think of more specific
questions or topics and we're going to
do more of these specific things yeah
fun that way I think it's gonna be a
cool year this year because I think
we're gonna try and do a lot of
different things and really a lot about
you and you're probably learning yeah
you don't forget to subscribe guys and
we will see you tomorrow as always
oh by the way make sure to go check out
the patreon page linked down in the
description
yes thank you guys so much for joining
it and hopefully you guys can check out
the new perks that we have yeah thank
you for the questions all of you there's
a ton of you couldn't answer all of them
this time so maybe next time anyway
Britta say bye bye see you guys
