good morning guys today is the day
before the wedding we're doing the
last-minute crazy stuff
the Shelly came over to help packing the
little wedding gift
Ali and nerve Rock took some photos
I think Shelly's getting another photo
right here you people going to wonder
where that prop is now that was hopin
you didn't do the giant the zombie I
hatcheted like right here look but I do
still here I totally should have done
that anything was positive that American
flags we got plenty of those Valley had
the photo for guess what we're doing the
Polaroid type of thing she had a two
pages in I was like nope nope
got to redo this guess what it one more
in so they're taking some examples
because my experience with people is it
does not blatantly explain people get
confused and honestly it looks just kind
of like a guest book so I think people
to just wrote versus taking photos and
writing something so nerd rock is the
example Shelley's can be the example and
then the next page so people get the
idea flow if you will
they got Kaitlyn so then I think you'll
be set and then we have the rehearsal
dinner
in a couple hours Ali loses their mind
in 20 minutes people 35 35 minutes our
authority guards and then we loser hey
loser until tomorrow and then she goes
to her cocoon and right
go through metamorphosis you are a whole
and wrote your wings and becomes a
beautiful bride you actually know that's
what happens at wedding I think that's
how brides turn from their street
clothes because a bridal gown may go a
little chrysalis if you will I think
it's a chrysalis the green ones with the
monarch butterfly we say we know you
have a butterfly expert there was I got
the street there was lady finger it
actually works kind of plumbing is our
dresses tomorrow I need to get a steamer
and Charlie and I have no idea what
we're doing we're at Target more like do
we get this tall one you get these
little ones and we're nervous look up
and see what - humor is the best because
we're not really sure which one to use
for tomorrow yes I do
okay so you can't really mess up like
heavy really important that you get the
right one because if you mess up the
dress you kind of screwed we're going to
try and find a steamer and then we have
a few other things to run in and we're
in the head to the hotel then we're
heading later to do the rehearsal and I
are on the mission of getting chips and
snacks and various beer alcoholic
beverages I was going to get liquor a
Jameson ginger but then I remembered
that I'm my groomsmen are pretty much
all people that are currently on tour
mode right now so it might not be a good
idea to get a little jmo so this
stinking wood beer and they're
brought my I got to give him some Taco
Bell got to feed him soon
I gotta go pay hundreds of dollars for
medication awesome and a little photo
printouts that we did cuz we're going to
have a like a special snapchat filter
that Jocelyn actually designed so we do
like a little like like a little piece
of paper to remind people that we have
that as well as like a little Cupid
hashtag or shouldn't say stupid hashtag
a hashtag I see stupid because I don't
ever use hashtag if I ever do it I was
writing a hashtag hashtag but we have
what I think is hashtag was a hippie
wedding
those hashtags char and Ally wedding I
think that's what it is I think that's
the hashtag we have a render to the
hashtag as well as the fence
you guys actually following all of us on
snapchat you will see the filter it
actually came out pretty cool because
obviously Jocelyn's did our app our dog
glaze pretty much anything that we have
for sale she's very much design and so
she helps design this for her a wedding
gift from her so yep
she's actually really often she will
take a little Disney princess Sally
always cause they're a little busy today
okay we are honor I'm losing my mind I'm
sorry God we're on our way to the hotel
now I'm starting to get the panic mode
not like a bad panic but overwhelmed
like it's really setting in oh my god
getting married tomorrow and it's a
wonderful thing but I am very
overwhelmed I was just are going to sell
you my sister asked me if it's normal to
feel this way very normal very normal by
married to the excitement let's keep
trying to get left there so partially
I'm oh no I know where I'm going but I
mean she prizes we are heading to the
hotel right now to go get ready and then
we are heading off to the rehearsal
dinner or something so awesome and
rehearsal so I'm very excited and I
solvent are half my bridesmaids I'm kind
of concerned as to what's gonna happen
so I made it little things for people to
remember oh yeah
would you unless you got wet it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter it so you can
breed it nerve-racking you read that
wrong be sure you have to make choice
alleyways also an expressive smack
pestle to stuff for anyone who didn't
like their be so funny if I had a typo
there your hotel yeah bring there on my
bed oh we were sucking my load and yeah
help me get this kinda work Oh what up
there any drama close you up there is a
higher okay jokes over here what's all
the buzz
way up here than I am yeah final
technical a promise to you until the
rehearsal and an hour every comes
relevant the result so why are we going
together because I'm getting ready at
done the top for what maybe we have to
put all our stuff in the hotel destroy
your person I know we have to check in
so I love you what I do
I'll get the results when I come on
tomorrow let's gaze on Iran hello taking
my bananas - I love you / - I just got
to the hotel and they are so amazing
here so what we lost so much it's
already been amazing this one test girl
is so sweet
and she sings that's definitely a plus
well we're getting ready checking up I'm
sorry
hi how are you thank you so much cool so
Jack Connors you thus far
Blakely is so pretty
I'm trying to feel a little bit better
now that I have my girls here go a
little bit better 7-eleven Netherlands
rally
I'm kidding when I say I feel so
hammered right now they won't let me put
any of my longing for Terry anything
when I go to schools are you doing
little holy crap
so beautiful welcome to Saint Pete
everybody amazing shout Telecom - coming
in alright there we go didn't do how
does it is a nice in here so I got a big
enough room
I like ramen everybody yeah ah let the
screen with me anything I love doing
nothing yep everybody ready one so I'm
gonna say what's they say home I'm
getting married yes yeah
one two hey
ah they did not want it done at the pool
they were not having another falling Oh
God which I give this to you guys is
quite beautiful I am so happy and lucky
11s loving it
hey I have a top of the charge we need
to be somewhere 5:30 ever since I was
little they trained next rings I guess
they did train the conditioned
conditioned us so when you see these
things I think it was because they show
us Horrors a click photos yeah like
ducks and birds in trouble and I
realized so eternal in love things are
saltiness all dolphins know I got so sad
hey we've got a couple's up if I can
teach anyone anything on the internet if
you get these things what you need to do
is break every little hole close like
this so that way when the trash goes in
the ocean it fits trash I'm just kidding
don't go in the ocean so that way you
can save no perfect that there's no
animal going to potentially die because
of your record so I'm a little bit don't
see it shirt yet basically don't be a
jerk right there it's an arch font so
it's gotta be it's got to be important
with girls left now nerd rock and I are
bachelor mode big time bachelor mode
Andre came to party little laundry you
know it's all just a mess but now in the
Dolphins and stuff unless they eat it
like a stupid goal I wanted to show you
guys this actual hotel room it's pretty
amazing it's got this huge corner
balcony area and it's use over the beach
it's use it look at it I below there
especially pretty funny
got a C's over the pool there's got TV
we got a couch and that's going to be a
fold-out thing for the girl to lay on
just got our kitchen then we have a
bedroom with Julie Kay and Shelley in
here this amazing bathroom there's my
sister
and if you're an i-love-you no worries
and this is the other bedroom where's
Amanda everybody remembers Amanda you
can't forget Amanda right yep can't
forget Amanda and we have another
balcony over here and then we have this
spot right here so it's pretty perfect
everything decided to get a little small
bottle of Jameson for everyone because
you know what I mean I think it might
actually help maybe I saw her trapped he
had I remember he had a margarita before
he went to the altar as a way to kind of
calm the nerves because no matter what
happens it's always a real slightly
nerve-racking and I feel like it's a
very common situation but anyway so long
story short I won got some of that stuff
got all the snacks got some beer got
some food Ali went to the hotel to take
everything she got the marriage license
I hope I got a double check that one but
I decided to leave in like an hour and a
half that I would take these guys to the
park again just to let them run around
and get a little bit tired
well you don't normally see that all the
time just a bunch of parents by
grandparent that's all green parents
it's crazy you know what I remember
reading about that like somebody
released like a green parrot a couple
homes and it became like this crazy I'm
gonna call it epidemics but like she's a
bunch of them just roaming free but to
be completely honest I'd rather see a
bunch of green parrots than a bunch of
pigeons or something
a pigeon and I just call it pair to
pigeon I'm gonna eating it the whole
park is themselves go do your stuff dogs
gotta love st. Pete they have chargers
for your phone at the dog park I think
it's so cool
even the old-school one love my city now
I was kind of like weary at absentee at
first but now I consider it definitely
consider my home I love it so much
so just put so plain we dog one will be
a dog will be a dog come on my lady's
dog so you want a dog
no both eating grass
because it both comes with us sometime
later today and it's going to be
right now naturally where it's slightly
late however here's the point for me
we beat Ally so I feel livers that are
about that whole situation but you've
got here
actually it's crazy hey hey
this would be pretty easy though Caitlyn
taking over
risen traveling and then what I think
we're all good
here's my lineup I love the fact that
everyone's all dressed up excited
unconfuse myself I'm dressing room oh
good point
oh boy look at hunter is looking all
snazzy to feel bears attack guys also
matching shirts - hi I'm gonna go look
for fan it is human on earth based on
the millet looks so confused you
I don't know she's kind of a book and I
am probably gonna travel a wager to have
a measure arm swing or not like this
telegram there's like this beautiful
bride open her faces back me up don't
know why my hands are like have like a
mist about my girl
I will all have I will do I only have
one or do I have both what the rate one
okay but I have over the end if you want
off there is
it won't focus
there we go so you guys are supposed to
hold hand okay yes it supposed to hold
hands going down there come on it's my
wedding
come on guys I think you guys got it
here comes in second week big bride
the other ones especially the one
consume a second
authorities are now craving in here
actually that malleable is it overthrow
that alley go although the good one
I'm I'll see you tomorrow so I might not
have Ally here but I got this other
little cutie
Kennedy's just running all over your
house trying to find Marley the last
time she can walk that well I hardly
ever touch you well our Marley come here
right away cookie I want a cookie
come on Marley right let's go Trish
again do a trick for Kinsley okay all
right sit down sit down
roll over whoa there you go okay roll
over come on roll over Oh
involved is like I don't know tiny
person
well guys tomorrow is the big day
I'm so freaking excited obviously Ally
is you hope he's help
ally is with the girls at the hotel and
you know it's all bad luck saying we're
supposed to be separated the night
before it's one of those traditions that
really kind of when you think about it
are confusing and don't really make
sense but it's also one of those ones
that just doesn't go away we're
respecting that tradition obviously
Ally's with the girls and then that way
tomorrow I fear that we're going to do
vows vows the OWS come so we come in on
the mouth and we're going to do it like
back to back so that way we don't see
each other and I way I don't see her
until she comes down the aisle because I
wanted to be a nice little surprise
because I know she's gonna look stunning
beautiful amazing
and I honestly I can't wait to see her
in a wedding dress I know she's had some
issues you know getting things altered
and stuff like that but I feel like
that's normal for like a wedding I feel
like there's always little planning
hiccups for everything but I feel like
those little tiny hiccups or what makes
the wedding when it's actually done
memorable anyway so get ready guys
tomorrow is the big day and I couldn't
be happier more excited I'm just going
to edit the vlog right now second I hit
stop on this camera and I wake and go to
bed early as honestly it's better least
I've gone to bed probably since I was in
high school not high school like
elementary school like going it's like
11:30 right now this is unheard of for
me I'm usually up all freaking night but
anyway get ready for tomorrow if you are
brand new don't forget to subscribe
because you don't want to miss what's
going on tomorrow and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always as always have a
great night guys bye
