good morning guys I am getting a haircut
right now as I was getting her stuff
done it's kind of a chaotic this is the
first time I actually got to pick up the
camera and as I've already left the
house but gotta go get a haircut make
sure I'm not so scruffy okay no we're at
Kate's house Caitlin and my mom and and
Claire and Tom are here and they're all
throwing me like a bridal brush this
morning and I just want to show you this
getup
first up what's up girl you know and
then there's my mom but look at this
this looks awesome I love it
mmm that's my favorite cream cheese
right there Shelley's here and she came
bearing gifts really evil yes Shelley by
the way bag and it's like long and tall
so I thought I was like okay maybe this
is like a dildo okay so I know a lot of
you were probably thinking like Ally
you're way too big of a party or
whatever wrong it is not me it's my
friends forcing me to drink these
horrendous drinks all the time but
thanks shell your real great Shelley
your real great Kayla was deeply
disappointed too because this was like a
twist off cap champagne and she was
expecting it to go like boo but that
didn't happen
count you want me to make the noise like
the sound effects what do you think it's
not too much of a difference she's just
kind of cleaned up a little bit I
decided that Ali's kind of losing her
mind a little bit
no that's not what I decided but I'm
trying to help her out and clean the
house because it's been very difficult
for her to do this and then that so I'm
kind of gonna get this whole taken care
of that way it's one less thing that she
has to deal with it's just a couple
other things I got to do I mean this
today is just going to be such a chaotic
I'm glad I came home because otherwise I
can only imagine how much she would have
lost her behind definitely take planning
a wedding takes more than two people
that's for sure
definitely more than one that's probably
somebody else trying to figure itself
out the worst part is right now we're in
the process of finishing off like
invoices so paying off everybody so not
only is it kind of like stressful
getting everything organized now like
all the money is going out so it's fun
time which sucks because you don't want
to be focusing on that kind of stuff so
I'm trying not to because I know it's
going to be so much fun we're gonna have
a blast it's gonna be amazing how I just
cut myself with a knife awesome okay I
get off the phone for a second because I
just sliced myself yep I slice myself
all the girls and I are getting
manicures and pedicures I'm sitting it
was my mom and my sister and I was
thanks mom and I am super ticklish so I
could not get the massage that comes
with a pedicure even when she was just
scrubbing the bottom of my toes having a
lot of trouble it's very tough very very
tough almost always made fun of make
with me when I went with her one time
and I got it and I I almost came to
somebody so I don't want that to happen
again but we're getting manicures and
pedicures and everything for Saturday
and my older sister just got into town
is about to show up so they're excited
so right now we're trying to figure out
the hashtag Paris the wedding love
because we did lasted be before trippy
for my right or a bachelor party in an
awesome if Shelley was just telling me
now the one that she did for her wedding
what was yours
don't confusing about
but she says she can still look back at
all the photos so trying to figure out
what to do for Charles and I for a
wedding not like we were just help me
 fun Shelley's trying to figure
out something right when we got her
nails done a new co-chair said one white
gelly got hers done very beautiful like
said her son Amanda had her son there's
my sister she made it a mom got her son
and the Kaitlyn's still getting her done
Bonnie always it takes a long thing I'm
kidding I love you but we're all done
Claire let's go to work and now we got
to run a few errands get something like
done and then tomorrow is we're done by
folding a crab we are trying to calm
down our craziness because my sister was
telling me actually I feel like everyone
has been telling me this that the week
leading up to good the week leading up
to the wedding is always the craziest
week for everyone you're getting on the
last-minute things done you're
forgetting things and that you suddenly
remember at the very last moment that
are big things that you have to do
you're organizing tables you're
organizing all these crazy things that
honestly you feel like isn't that
important that's why you wait till the
very very last minute I got home and
Marley calm down baby I was having all
this cluttered chaos going on in my mind
so is Charles so we've decided to take a
break slow down take the pups to the dog
park I'm gonna go for like a walk and
just kind of like bring our bodies back
to Zen calm them down
you're pretty great I know sometimes but
I'm multitasking
I'm whitening my teeth right now okay
how you do it guys you multitask when
you have many things to do now I have to
like finish writing my vows by the way
which try and I are gonna read to each
other
I already did mine I know you did did
you just find them on the internet and
calm no I wrote did you really mean them
yes I had ever sent her out of it did
Travis write this I'm only kidding
what'd you do in there mark but we're
gonna go ahead and go do that now and
then I gotta write my vows to get over
the girth short and then I think I can
slow down and start talking at a normal
pace
I will woo wee-doggie the wedding is two
days away
yes you're gonna marry me into this are
you excited yeah of course thank you as
you look away
I'm just looking away cuz I wanted to
make sure are you are you sure that
you're excited about marry me I'm very
excited even with my craziness times
you're been saying you already know that
but do you promise I can you still love
me even when I'm crazy sorry I can't get
over the fact that you have that bit on
your face right now like what oh my
teeth if you look like they're melting
they are melting it's for you you have a
wide mouth no I'm gonna go we'll see you
partner okay she hates them come here
alright let's go to the dog park
alright Canton twerps this happens all
the time
Zoe is lazy and she doesn't know where
I'm at Zoe look behind those stupid
black things
that's not Zoey Hey look at that you
found me look at that little Australian
Shepherd oh wow big dog Marley staying
clear away from that dog come on dudes
stour little rounds
I missed that other dog park that was
like felt like three miles long I could
just walk around the whole time
okay Mother of God look at all this
tennis balls I didn't realize these were
all tennis balls I thought they were
just a bunch of leaves or something and
I looked a little closer
Marley Marley
you looking for the squirrels I don't
think they're up there Zoey
what are you doing mother
