good morning guys well one am right now
so technically the beginning of the new
day which is awesome because today I
told you guys yesterday I'm flying home
early to help ally with the wedding and
surprise her so I'm gonna give her a
call right now and set it up what are
you guys doing tomorrow
ah I don't know why is there anything I
can do to help you no I mean besides
what you're doing right now
there's a life help us no more tomorrow
but today I just it was me it was a lot
of reaction so much it is like all stuff
that I can't physically help you with
yeah you physically can't help me with
anything there's time for whatever have
whatever Briana have you uh okay all the
emails yeah but everything I have to be
able to do I have to be there or
something like literally it's physical
stuff okay alright well I just wanted to
make sure if there's anything else they
could do to help you out on the tour bus
no baby you're doing I really should I
understand I love you let him get it
right
she has no idea you tell in her voice
how stressed she is eight ounces this is
perfect she had no idea this is gonna be
good
seriously I'm like eight is literally
the very ends of Minneapolis a whole
airport or the biggest difference
in a minute I'll review our ground
transportation and rental cars I belong
back here in Annapolis really carriers
Hope Valley at the condo right now we
can share the one ruber account so when
I pick up a new Rebecca like it sends a
notification both phones to provoke
logged into the same account so she
asked me why I was like October this
morning I told her actions were made so
that sophie had like a really awesome
response we're all going to breakfast
this is something I enjoy and never did
I think I couldn't just say you're like
oh the uber was a fluke or something I
had to cover my asshole they can move up
to the house who left the back door open
so I could come in and just scare the
crap out of Ali's apartment
exactly
barley oh hi everyone hop on hey buddy
come on rap give me a body hi buddy
come here brother oh hi everyone
surprised it's not a bad way to come
home
half-naked I'll take it you hear about
the same baby we're doing stuff out back
calling you go back you want to get our
Buffalo so mission successful scared the
crap out of her had no freaking idea
there Drock was doing on it he helped me
out he actually went to the zoo to kill
some time so I wake actually surprise it
without anyone giving it away I'm gonna
go get everyone some lunch right now
because I'm actually very starving and
you know what using the shoes to drive
the car okay it's kind of weird like
okay not only was I not driving for
views but then I want or just right
start driving again and now it's weird
again natalie is very now going to get
pick up her wedding dress there's rock
is on his way back to the house and I'm
kind of just doing all the the bluff
that's my medication I think of does
like all the kind of hard that hard
time-consuming things that Ally's not
able to don't do because she has to do
all these other things so that's why I'm
here I'm going to run to get the the
cameras of pull Brad little Polaroid
cameras at the wedding some buying those
right now and hoping there's actually in
stock so enough to travel around all the
time and then I think what I had my last
MRI we didn't have a
user charges so I hadn't go buy one
sounded like the other ones so returning
this one other a lot of stupid things I
know I'm just I'm just actually happy to
be home when out it's 83 degrees right
now and when I got off that bus it was
10 degrees I might be exaggerating
I just went basically 86 77 degree
difference my body
honestly like feels like in shock right
now it doesn't know what to feel
although second I got off the plane I
kind of do already miss the fact that
cold weather is not here for a fairly
sad heart she had no idea she didn't
have any idea guys so we can get it
first things first I came home and
Florida's got almond everywhere this
black car with yellow nice exaggerating
I looked at the windows but watch the
color yellow and then Craven came over
anyway that first party was Joe's
I gotta get rid of it's common in sizes
not not a deeply split I know myself
pretty and put on another little mission
I guess about a week ago Marley was
doing her Marley thing when Ali was
coming home and jumped at Ali and
knocked her phone out of her hand and
she totally don't get this this is crazy
I've never seen it this way so she's got
a little iPhone surgery coming up right
now here's the thing I called all over I
get it replaced I didn't have to come
all the way down to the mall and they
all wanted like $150 and I remember that
I got Apple care for Ali as well as me
and it's gonna cost us 30 bucks to get
that taken care versus a hundred and
fifty dollars we're still really good
and I know I can go online or the parts
but I want to basically I wanted to have
her phone so she could take photos on
our wedding you know anything like
because like right now the photos are
all cloudy and all like crappy stuff so
I feel like you know all the days maybe
a wedding would be a good time to have
your song properly working so she
doesn't know I'm doing this I actually
kind of stole her phone from her and
then I convinced Kaitlyn to make sure
she forgets her phone so I was she
doesn't know it's actually missing so if
she's like me she knows it's missing if
she's not paying attention I might be
able to get away with a nice little
surprise I just regret and I'm 10 glass
in my butt and we're six and I convinced
the guy to give Ali
one of those shatterproof things you
know this is basically the only thing is
ever going to matter is if it lands
face-first which it pretty much never
does but anyway those ding dongs she's
taken care of I'm so nice
I gotta give it away feels like forever
that I haven't seen water and a sunset
leave them up taking a walk with my two
bitches it's a technicality by
definition so it's not bad
so we have to stuff a Holly's face with
La Casita
my dress to me so we're trying to pack
on the pounds last minute the best way
to do it is that peacefully I don't know
how it over so smelly when I get
stressed like that my body when we
didn't submit to buy it never here
still have an ATAR spearhead and move it
on be a lot less now that is a little
bombs on an infant i'ma tell you why but
I'm scared one pana question I started
yelling at Marley's I thought I
literally thought molly was like barking
at the walkers and Lauren people loved
it Mary know in everything else I have
my problem down in my faculty you have
written an added surprise for me yeah I
know the person yeah but it was because
I was trying to get you anyone family
coming back for my dress by the way that
I told you guys do it earlier the rubra
things almost completely ruined
everything that we found out I did not
believe it really possible in message
like like worthless Caitlyn yeah I told
him that we ever shared accounts or like
when I get one you find out when you get
when I find out I don't know if I told
you guys what I did was because Brian
healthy you guys know Sophie you know
Ryan Gosling
he's from Minnesota so my excuse was
that I will woke up early with everybody
and go to breakfast a specific plot that
so here we had to go what almost ruined
is Ali knows I never wake up early in
evidence
he never even as I read there's a huge
reason like oh my god you could go we
need Tom Hanks well that's in the dogs
on their thyroid oh how do you give you
like oh you can meet this new person
like now we have another time okay I got
up and I'm standards uber real really
important and it's bitchin
it means like there goes like Disney
like a loser there doesn't like to lie
now you wouldn't lie screwed up but you
did though cuz he told me is going to
lunch with some guy and I'm so cool and
he ended up going to the zoo it well you
went you want the lunch though well we
didn't it was Ben after working with the
watching this and tell you the order of
things
yeah that's the thing along there she
doesn't like lying he hates wine which
is a good trade to have but at the same
time I need to confess cool white life
so he kind of do Michigan something I am
like I am so happy that one I'm like you
show me that today I enroll here here's
no Alec Newberry usually I haven't told
you when to keep your finger going okay
you're okay
I mean got his paper that is the worse
news to tell you I never see I've never
seen anybody move in for you my dear
you look like at school be here right
now I'm not a noob really you think all
you see those cameras if I'm there
yeah well here's to me where I am NOT
offensive house you okay mr. niver
you're not a super but you are you're
always trying to ruin all the prizes but
I'm not I'll text but you take an uber
up north on my colors one time I was
texting Caitlin and Allie was like what
was her thing
he was like you know and like that was
one of them all right I get people on my
phone you look at my phone I don't want
to miss it
you just Internet oh by the way nerd
rocks here he hasn't been here oh yeah
jebin you haven't I haven't showed him
because I've got here I've made the
decision that on my wedding are our
wedding I apologize then yeah that I
want to actually build a drink at
champagne maybe have a beer or something
like that but I also do if you guys
remember on New Year's Eve I had half a
beer and I was more drunk than probably
like somebody's first beer ever
that's what it felt right not
comfortable with in my home I was I was
hammered so what I'm doing is I'm using
myself I'm Tripucka Lee I'm training
myself is that a way to say it yeah I'm
trading my missioning could did I like
that again I'm conditioning myself so
I'm not completely obliterated on the
wedding day because we all know Frankie
is going to be obliterated he's already
said Frankie says he's going to drink
and he doesn't drink he's just like me
he doesn't drink and he's going to dance
his face off is what he said then he
goes wait what did you say straighten up
to my steez introduce yourself how
is this what Kate and Tom and the swipe
things were all deflated we get pooping
yourself
no don't do that anymore
ma'am you've had enough huh yeah get
some would make a really deep void I
know that I really really really wanted
you can see ah if you want time to just
forget my past if you wanna get with me
better make it laughs get out together
I can't get home get my giving out the
rundown some perfectly perfect
undergarments for men you sure home
maybe a look
the sloth riding a unicorn lots of we
solve your Rockies now Hawking underwear
Charlie sure I'll go anywhere that's
some with a Space Mountain home like
literally like a mountain in outer space
where she's going oh yeah also I'll
thank using grips with
that's true are you gonna give a eulogy
I'm pretty good at it right this for you
this for you but I'm telling you I know
what I'm doing
oh no a one two one two three weird it's
a little bit different ending the vlog
right now from the couch I hope you guys
enjoyed the little surprise I know she
did I stood on of me I literally thought
I always try you to carrot you can do
like the carrot hey we're coming out I
haven't seen you like a mile you had
because it's going to get a little
crazier Ali's mom puppy-sitting diesel
just look at violet she's like so
appalled he's like you do not want to
give me something be very nice if you
gave me something please don't forget to
subscribe because we get married in 3 8
3 days when they're watching this video
it'll be 2 days so 2 days so don't
forget to subscribe so you will seed
what are you like I'm wrong I'm not so
much overwhelmed I think I'm I think I'm
taking over your over wellness and
trying to crush it in my mind great it's
my baby
nerve-racking I'm so excited to marry
but I'm just soon earth it is little
nerve-wracking chimera group I don't
think that it's like going to change our
lives together when we stop in no I
don't know for dramatic but like I just
it's a lot to take on
it's a lot I love you though I love you
so much nothing from the head exhume I
love you go stop it
alright internet on that no we're all
gonna go to bed
I had a big heart movie oh I did it a
beard but we're gonna go to bed
thank you guys so much wow you guys
reward if you guys are brand new please
do not forget to subscribe and more guys
we're so excited about the upcoming days
and we you guys will tag along because
I'm feeling crazy this is the summer van
yeah please thumb up the video but I'm
feeling crazy nervous her I told him
that totally calm oh I already did all
right guys I'm goodnight bye
