good morning guys take a wild guess
where we're at today seems like we're
always back here at the creepy creepy
ready you know the one with the portal
I'll show you don't worry didn't Eve you
guys see Jeremy the ghost not yet yeah
the day were like I fell on the stage it
was so humid everything started falling
off so I think that's a 10 that was kind
of an X but that fell off - it was so
humid everything just fell right off
there's actually kind of funny in the
middle of that I'm just going like this
trying to settle things down and it
comes right off again I'm gonna go see
if I can find mr. Jeremy the ghost by
the way I just made that up I have no
idea if there's a ghost named here I've
always wanted to fly a drone inside a
cool place like this so I figured I'd
try the ballroom since I'm actually
getting really good at this I think I
could do it
keywords think
there is
we're missing the big rave downstairs
right now
I'm very quick I'm not flying
I'm legit not one
going all over
that wasn't me
I'm not doing it like that's up here I
go with my boat now
it's all good
that doesn't we're Lynn I feel so weird
I don't like this was getting it out of
this place I will sound to come anyway
that was not that's a creepy sign
growling what's that meat I don't know
but I don't like it
especially right next to the Ambassador
Hotel no sir don't like this is what
Frankie wanted that's a little loud yeah
that sounds awesome
do you guys read the pool rules
you gotta make sure to read those pool
rules don't touch the ropes
unfortunately you guys we're not able to
go to the boiler room oh maybe where I
take that back always gonna come in here
this time I got this defend off any
ghosts or scary things but this is the
infamous face in the dressing room that
we were just in
I don't like it kill it with fire please
yeah
don't like it
hey boy bet you won't come up here talk
a little bitch Oh Frankie what are you
doing that's not gonna stop anybody
especially in this place the one thing
about this venue it is kind of freaky
but at the same time we get this crazy
hippie like kind of gypsy is that what
the word like I don't like fortune
teller place
you tell the fortune that crazy life
fortune teller what's my fortune what's
my fortune is you're gonna get married
well by golly you are sir in psycho I
told you a psycho yeah
a psychic psychic a psycho thank you I'm
pretty sure you said psycho
did you actually psycho you said psycho
thank you
you're do you need to clean those ears
before you get married I don't think I
told you guys this but tomorrow morning
I'm going to be flying out actually I
probably shouldn't be telling you guys
right now
now I probably shouldn't be saying this
I actually haven't told you guys but
tomorrow morning at like 6 o'clock I'm
going to be flying out of Minneapolis to
go home
to surprise Ali like two days so I wake
and go home because gonna go home in the
tent which is the day Oh like the
rehearsal dinner but Ali's been really
kind of strut you guys have seen she's a
little bit stressed out a little bit of
planning the rest of the wedding so I
talked to the guys and we have a plan B
the Callaghan Zack is going to play base
for the Minneapolis and the dicta
Chicago show that way I can go home and
help Ali with the wedding she has no
idea so tomorrow I'm gonna be surprising
her but I just kind of feel really I've
told you guys I feel really bad that I'm
not there helping with everything plus I
want to be there to help with the
wedding so I figured this would be kind
of a really nice thing to do plus I love
surprising Ali I love coming home early
like that and surprising her but she has
no idea so hopefully I got to schedule
this video so it goes live after our
Maury home if not I just ruined my
surprise but I think we'll be okay I
thought it was a good idea that's why I
was recording all the bass tracks
yesterday see there's always a plan I'm
always up to something I just can't say
it all the time because Ali helps edit
these videos it's cold
picture I don't play as much are you
doing their little monkey
oh you have some talent are you doing
nothing that's your talent just being a
monkey back in the day when I first met
you you were this big do you remember
that
I've small you were yeah you really got
big now you're huge
now you're a person you're a real person
wait were you calling yourself deranged
so is Sophie Sophie's deranged Sophie is
deranged so we've been throwing Sour
Patch and I threw the Frankie it balance
out of his mouth and right there I swear
I didn't touch it
ready no I think it fell no you can
still eat it
you can still eat it they said you can
do with that no Frankie okay I'm going
to go to bed right now
tomorrow morning I'm flying home two
days earlier to actually surprised Alex
she has absolutely no I know I surprised
her a lot but she really has no idea
that I'm coming home right now I just
want to kind of go home and one I miss
her very much it went to I just want to
try to help her a little bit with
everything cuz I felt like really
really bad I don't want say guilty
because I've been helping her but I wish
I could do more for the wedding because
I know she's been doing a lot we have a
wedding planner but I feel like she's
still having to do a lot of things I
think the main reason is because we're
insisting on making our own things
versus just buying things obviously the
photo booth and like little little like
sign we could just very well easily go
and just you know buy all these things
and this plaster them everywhere but to
make it more Ali and myself we wanted to
make these things and you already know
Ali's like super artistic on everything
and I suck at it so bad but I can build
things now now I'm gonna go to bed now
hopefully the bus can just drop me off
straight at the airport and I should be
home by the time this is uploaded I'm
gonna schedule it to make sure that this
basically so you guys don't ruin the
surprise guy know one of you guys would
just be very kind of like oh I'm so
happy Charleston's coming home and then
complete cattle a bag type of thing
anyway guys I will see you tomorrow and
have a wonderful night I think that was
a spooky stuff that we found on this
actual trip here so I will see you guys
from on that place honestly I don't know
if it's haunted but it's creepy
and I don't like it
but I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a wonderful night see you
guys on our trip tomorrow
