sure I bet man yeah well like I'm in let
me get that in there
hello everyone we are in Chicago on our
day off Callie and I are gonna go see
the beam you guys know the beam the
silver beings never seen it and I
figured it'd be kind of blasphemous to
not go see another monument if we have
time in Chicago also today is the 6 so
today one year ago in Australia I asked
Talia to marry me
and now 6 7 8 9 10 11
six days we're getting married so it's
perfect alright there's our car but
there's that mirror like beam today is
yet another day of running around
getting things ready
grabbing last-minute things I had to
grab some easels that's gonna build it
but it ended up being cheaper for me to
buy one than to build one that's what
you need to do your research because I
know I'm like really promoting like
Pinterest and do things on your own but
sometimes buying the actual product or
buying the certain thing that you're
looking for can be cheaper sometimes so
but I got some easels I got a few more
flowers for the photobooth
and then I got some other little things
I'm gonna be putting up kind of around
the ceremonies or around the reception
space so off to a good start today now
we're the dentist yay the impressed
akeli oh my gosh the beam waiting he's
so funny he did exactly what I thought I
was like you're just gonna see it you'll
be like that's it that's exactly what
God said in every picture it looks so
big here I've been doing wrong to you it
is pretty big though so you can get a
photo mirrored inside it along with all
these other people take all these
memories home if you mind if I join your
picture pretty much all there's the beam
guys so we're two for two and national
monuments or landmarks we did st.
Louis's arch which was cool but it was
the exact same thing well you're like oh
well there's the arch and now we're
gonna Callie's ever had a Chicago dog so
we're gonna try to find one I know we're
not near a Wrigley Field or anything
like that which I feel like it's the
place to go I don't think we have enough
hi I have to go back and I have to
record some things on the bus with Koli
at around 4:00 which is just around the
corner nice skating rink I think it's
like water I think it's a pond now yeah
right well if you want to go swimming
it's a little bit of ice but one step
you through it yeah right let's I want
to poke something see how good it is not
solid solid ice no I smell the Chicago
dogs I smell them is different I
actually bought this easel and built it
and then I was thinking this is where
I'm gonna put that sign and then I just
did this I bought this little like thing
and it says trust me you can dance
alcohol 100% so I thought that that
would be a cute little funny thing to do
and put on the bar just lets you know
like people do get a little uneasy but
dancing and they feel uncomfortable and
I was just trying to like break the ice
kind of kind of beautiful girl that's a
CG epic skier sent us something and she
sent us a really sweet heart her name's
Alyssa and she got us some beautiful two
little like silver spoon spork things
that are really really beautiful just so
sweet we always want to say thank you to
you guys because you guys do way too
much for us you go above and beyond all
the time and it is not necessary
whatsoever but we just want you to know
how much we love you guys and we
appreciate you guys and we're so happy
that you guys are here to enjoy this
journey with us just had to make sure I
said that at some point today because
it's very important to me that I got
that out okay so my balloons are still
here but as you can see they're not hung
up like they used to be because Kaitlyn
and Tom will I take that back my cousin
Lexi and Tom untied them and started
doing some strange things for them
that's why they're up there okay that
sounded weird saying they did some
strange things they were just goofing
around so I decided to take or leave
them up there I'm going to take them
down eventually but
maybe some balloons are gonna have to
die soon you guys lost it for a few days
so thanks for hanging around I want to
finish up some more of these signs and
then I gotta figure out what I'm gonna
do for people setup because I have no
idea yet I have no idea how I'm gonna
label all these tables and who's gonna
go to what table
Cedric Cedric Cedric I got a lot of work
to do actually never been to a comic
book place it smells so good libraries
are very scarce now
Batgirl yeah they are certain small both
crazy
comics are just full of ads now they're
advertising like another comic book
that's gonna crazy take that hope this
whole book is unless this is a comic
shyness for the first edition of
spider-man or something like this like
the most stereotypical hooray they
probably have it is probably worth like
$100,000 that's why the lamest comic
I've ever seen Clint Eastwood the comic
Kelly just found this
maybe that is Batman is it no is this
the Midnighter
that's maybe maybe maybe that means no
it can't be because it's not DC this is
a ripoff
get this get this there we go I was
thinking about all day today was a
Chicago
should I just talk to nerd rock he's
playing in tomorrow tell me in a little
bit early to kind of help me get things
ready and organized because you knows
that I've been struggling a little bit
no I wasn't on tour I wouldn't have to
come in early but I'm gonna come in
early I'm gonna help you paint stuff
hope you get things done that way I can
at least relax like a day or two before
the wedding cuz the way that it's
looking right now is that I'm not gonna
be able to relax at all
I didn't want to show you guys though
I'm kidding most things together there's
that cute sign I might adjust that just
a little bit this is where we're gonna
put I believe all the table assignments
and everyone's name this is going to be
the little one for the photobooth we got
little things that I just painted for
the photobooth right there I got to
build that sign that's right there
loaded with sign this is gonna be stuff
for cards I got my polaroid pictures for
the Polaroid these photos or these
frames are gonna be used for something
kind of just to pay condolences to chars
family in my family that aren't here
anymore
I just I really like that I've always
wanted to do that and they find that
that it's like a really important thing
to do for a wedding so I'm going to do
that I got to try and get photos from
Melissa and Melissa's mom regards to
past family members but I wanted to make
sure we did something that really paid
tribute to them because of course we
want them here but unfortunately they're
not right now so all I have to do oh I'm
getting ready to stain all the table
numbers I know I just thought I was
gonna do that yesterday but I'm gonna
stain all these and was a stain then I'm
gonna write down the table number on it
yeah
today's a little bit more unique of the
day since the wedding obviously it's a
couple days I had the idea that I'm
gonna record all the base tracks just in
case Kali can't learn them all on time
and then that way just in case the the
Fluke situation of like a plane not
getting back to the show just things
like that so I'm just running through
ideas and Colby's gonna help record it
so that way we have a plan B and a Plan
C plan B is Kali Plan C is a robot and
Kali try matching the robot they got a
match that robot we're in kohli studio
right now Frankie let me see Batman No
let me show you find you waiting in
appropriate Batman oh I didn't you know
that's not it's what it's meant before
it's why they made this toy it's
actually for holding guitar cables but
there's like a fire hose just like a
special way - yeah I think that's
perfect
totally messed up right there come on if
I can do it the right way see and like
when I want to shred on bass alright
gonna yank it out Oh Batman
a bit poor thing the good thing is you
could just
it's a floppy one long if you want I
know some people like it medium whatever
you want baby the way I wanted it a
little bit darker so that the numbers
will really pop I do not miss staining
ow but I'm gonna sit at all Anna's very
stinky it's very strong one came over
and we've been trying to figure out
who's gonna walk with who what the order
is gonna be because honestly I wasn't
really focusing on the order of my
bridesmaids except for the maids of
honor which are Caitlyn Willis son then
my older sister Amanda so I was like oh
the first ones are the ones that just
need to be next to me and then the rest
will follow and we're trying to separate
dresses but I was telling Kaelyn I'm so
worried because I don't want to offend
my friends by doing it in any certain
order and them thinking oh she likes me
least I'm at the end which is not true
that's one of the complicated issues
with wedding planning and setting people
up everything we just saw I decided
along with charm that we're not gonna
have specific spots for people to sit at
we're just gonna say hey you have this
table set at any of those ten chairs
right now I'm gonna be a little bit
easier Lee yeah I feel like that's a lot
better than having to set up
cards and then writing up cards and I'm
so done I just don't want to do anything
else I know it doesn't look organized
but I have a lot organized over here and
I'm ready to take a lot of it because a
lot of this we're gonna be able to take
the day or two before which will be
great I think we're kind of ready to go
still don't judge me we have not decided
on our wedding dance song and we have
not decided on the song that I'm gonna
walk down the aisle to or walk into the
reception I just don't know I guess
again you know what I could do is I
could talk to all you guys and see what
you think would be fun to walk into the
reception - yeah I like I love the DJ
just winged us in my will do love them
you just got fed don't even start with
me
you just ate less than 20 minutes ago
okay it was a very busy week for me so I
don't think I'm gonna be filming the
rest of the week I'm gonna really try
but I'm gonna talk to a char just
because there's so much that has to be
done to get it done I mean we really
have to get done man I've been editing
every morning while tarts been on tour I
mean heaven forbid he's been helping me
out a lot but I once I edit and get
everything done my date truly doesn't
start until like 3:30 4 o'clock in the
afternoon and with the amount of things
I need to get done up until that point
it's just not gonna work out you know it
sucks but I'll keep my fingers crossed
I'm probably gonna still be able to edit
and do all that jazz but if you don't
see me don't be surprised okay because
I'm slowly losing my mind I went to the
dentist today whole time I went to the
dentist today telling me my teeth were
really clean but my gums were irritated
and they were like wire you know are you
stressed out and I said yeah I'm kind of
stressed out and I'm like and they're
like what and I said oh I'm getting
married on Saturday
oh yeah that's right that's right okay
well your stress is shown in your mouth
need to relax stop brushing so hard take
a chill pill things are going to be okay
so I think that that's my sign but I had
clean teeth mm-hmm I haven't really got
a chance to kind of just walk around and
try to find stuff
I've been recording all those songs with
Kohli today that way I have like a
back-up plan just in case something
happens with like snow or rain or my
airplane like being delayed during the
I'll be flying back okay rain awesome
I don't ignore our man right now for the
Denver show I'm going to be flying out
day of the show which is kind of risky
because I don't know if somebody raining
or snowing I should say snowing I don't
think it's really raining and I just
want to make sure kind of as a back-up
plan just in case something delays the
plane and I missed the show
because if I'd missed the show I at
least can like have backup tracks and
have Cali help me out I was gonna be
like two or three steps ahead just in
case I think I went down a wrong Street
I don't think there's anything here I
think this is all businesses awesome you
first then a long walk let me give you
some more water when don't wear water do
you have a good walk even though you ran
off did you want to tell the internet
that you ran off what about you do you
have a good walk does that go for you
yes well I say good night my my like the
internet hasn't seen you guys in so long
I have to make sure that I show you all
it's very bad hi hi hi did you google
luck yes your dad's gonna be home in a
few days
are you excited to see your dad do you
miss your daddy miss Charles and you
talk to you come here come here get over
here really Marley okay you want to say
goodnight to the Internet okay
walked five and a half
and I've been kind of debating on which
like underpass our overpass I guess it
would be that I was actually gonna one
kind of go underneath because they're
all kind of sketchy but it's on this one
and this was at least sketchy of all of
them so I don't know if I'm gonna be
able to go on the Willis Tower that's
the one that happy I don't know if you
guys remember we went open the door
tunnel which is kind of like what's
going on down there was a huge wind
tunnel and the person over that I was in
their car door flung forward and almost
came right off and we went up onto it
and it was really cloudy but we actually
got to like kind of do that cube thing
where you kind of like looked down from
this little like glass box was just
terrifying but I was trying to see if I
could actually go and do that tonight
since I'm pretty much here because it's
like right there I've already walked
this far so I might as well try to see
if I can go up there so with cable
Fulford look at my feet this is not even
messing around they closed by the way I
can't go up there
I'm actually really bummed they closed
that an hour early
I feel like I'm in a Michael Jackson
music video right now boy just did a
nice little walk as you guys got the see
I went all the way okay so for example
see if you look I walked all the way
past the Willis Tower so the bus is here
and I walked that far I feel like I got
some good exercise I feel a little bit
better didn't find any food so I'm a
little upset about that but I think I
have some food on the bus everything it
seemed like in Chicago just shut down
but I like it seems like everything just
shut down Chicago no Chicago dogs no
more so a lot of you guys think the
allure the mysteriousness of a bunch of
bands on the poor bus we're totally not
watching this - I don't rock star life
ready to watch it Frankie The Bachelor
because we know you turned it on I will
see you tomorrow tomorrow we have a show
at the coolest place that we always play
The Rave the one with the secret
underground pool not secret the creepy
underground pool so we got that show
tomorrow I hope you enjoyed today's
video as Ally's kind of slow I feel so
bad because she's doing so much for the
wedding and I can't really do much but
hopefully when I get home on the 10th
I'll be able to help a little bit more
to get finalized everything just because
I feel so bad that I'm not able to
actually help her but I know she's doing
a lot of cool things and I know
everything is kind of coming together
the way that she wants it which is all I
want I just want her to make sure she
has everything that she's dreamt of does
she wants that she will get I will make
sure in my power whatever I can have to
do I will make sure she has the best day
of her life I will see you guys tomorrow
as always have a wonderful night bye
guys
