it was the worst cluster I've ever had
good morning guys as you probably can
notice from today's intro a little arch
we are in sync Luis today unfortunately
we're kind of in the middle of nowhere
which is news venues have been kind of
in the middle of nowhere which kind of
sucks cuz I like venturing off and doing
things but you got to do what we got to
do these are post I find out poster yeah
Keifer Sutherlands coming they know
exactly yeah he's coming that's cool
Coley's rich look at this bow mom Bonnie
I just bought oh no we lost the quarter
there's some arcade games right now so
as far as I'm concerned
Chloe is the richest person on this bus
I said dude that you're loaded here's
another quarter you're play some video
games
now Burger times broken it's the only
one I wanted to play yeah was working oh
there goes do I want to try
Oh give me back my money
well I'm not putting any more money in
that
arcade games are impossible
J bells let me borrow that scooter so I
can see if I can find anything in this
area pretty sure I was told do not go
that way especially on a scooter feel
like the venues that we've been in
lately have been in that configuration
it was like do not go this direction you
be okay if you go this direction but do
not go that direction
all right Sunday just everything to be
close I got a little bit bored around
the area or just playing so I just
hopped in an uber go least see a
landmark of st. Louis which is just a
giant arch and unfortunately it's closed
right now so I can't go inside it does a
bummer because I've actually never got
to go inside it well there it is here's
a fun fact guys this is the largest
freestanding steel structure in the
world or maybe just the state's actually
don't really know it's one of those
things I'd rather than a sign
that actually I actually can't remember
the last time I was here I feel like was
the end of the world tour was a 2012
2011 honestly can't remember it I think
that's what it was
see I don't know if you guys can see
it's a very very top there's like little
holes or slits I'm assuming that's where
people can go one day when it's maybe
not on the construction we'll be able to
go and get out freezing I'm freezing
cold right now wanted to kind of do
something a little bit different because
yesterday I didn't get to really do
anything because we weren't in a safe
area and it was raining and it was
freezing yesterday but today's a little
nicer totally reason why I'm super cold
it was a raid on the water oh look at
Cinderella's carriage that's kind of
cool so now that I've seen this
well you're gonna go see the arch that's
it really completely out of steel that's
cool it's so crazy to me that people
will come and just disrespect things
like this and this is like a monument
people just couldn't imagine on the
Washington Monument so he just like
scribbled you know like your name Johnny
was Rachel I'm like a monument I think
it's so disrespectful but that should
just get smacked right in the jaw
it's a monument right what are people
thinking I think it's just one of the
things people don't think okay that's
close can't go that way
so good late afternoon Internet I have
completely flat today on picking up the
camera and bringing you around with me
but very late in the afternoon it's
actually like after 5:00 I'm going to
meet up with my mom right now and we're
gonna go just have a little dinner
together because we didn't really get to
do that for my birthday yet so I'm gonna
go right now meet up with her and then
I'm gonna come back home and really
start getting things organized and kind
of put in a specific position or in a
specific place so that I know what to
bring the day of the wedding what not to
bring and just kind of have it all ready
ahead of time because when Charles gets
here he's getting here at the day before
the wedding yeah
nerves are lie about that but I don't
make it I know they will because he's
gonna be here the day before I want to
be able to spend a little bit of time
with him and I don't want that to be
something that I have to worry about so
you know if I can if I can get that all
done now then there's just something I
don't have to worry about
so it's precisely what I'm gonna do and
I have to work out our seating
arrangement which will be super
interesting I don't know how the hell
we're gonna do that
weddings we got a new photographer a new
guy on the bus sorry he's 10 years
younger holy crap you're so
young-looking
baby you look like a little baby I like
it I like it cool calls make it now look
at that
that's the best thing to start recording
only if they're little ah can you see
him settling in for the night I've got
my I'm a little blemish medication on
right now what I'm gonna try and do
though is I feel like I have just been
in my a the whole day today but to be
completely honest I've been so tired and
I just I felt my body kind of slowly
falling and I needed to just cool down
give myself some time and then once I
was ready I you know I wanted to get
back to doing things so that's exactly
what I'm gonna do now what we're doing
for the tables is we're doing the table
numbers on these little pieces of wood
just trying to keep it something that we
can do something that's a little bit
organic and earthy and woodsy and
romantic and bikini and then let it it
it it a death we don't like I said we
don't really have an idea of water
wedding is really based around but I'm
gonna go ahead and stain these I believe
and then paint the numbers on there so I
mean hopefully this turns out very well
but I'm gonna do that and then I also
have to go ahead and cut this up into
three long pieces and that's gonna take
a long time so I may start doing that
now but I'm not really sure so we're
gonna have a Polaroid guestbook because
we thought it would be really cool if
people took like a funky photo and then
stuck it into a book and sign something
fun unique whatever they want underneath
it so what I'm gonna try and do right
now is just basically recreate that sign
and just paint this I think I'm gonna
either paint it all black or stain it
and then do exactly that so that we can
set it up with the photo booth
so today it was so slippery on the stage
unbelievably sits because so many people
are so hot I jumped over here screw real
great what happened basically I fell on
my ass
I was over here then I decided to go
back on the case
here I
ended up down here
then Casey Casey recreate what you did
recreate bring him out of the dead can
you see ran over here tried to grab me
and when I tried to stand up I put my
foot right here and fell back down it
was the worst cluster I've ever had
when was this so slippery and it hurt my
shin it's all gashed up fell on true no
the base is fine but yeah it's all right
on my ass did you get to see it oh
you're a bass player too we suck but is
this the stage so slippery it was just
kind of like us
if it's all you can do is you sit down
all I was working on was like he tried
to get the volume knob I like to do is
laugh so here's the thing I don't know
if anyone recorded it cuz I know I
 up Frankie immediately I was like
please God hopefully you filmed it
Frankie didn't get it so I'm asking all
you guys they came to st. Louis for the
love of God please say one of you guys
actually recorded it and please send it
to me because I want to see me fall on
my face recreating is one thing but
actually for me beard cut one day too
I can't show you breaking cool right
here fun it's done
so you've a rock under there no the rock
stroke here
yeah that's right
Charles mastered a ninja crew are you
ready one two three
yeah oh good night that's right good
night guys
