good morning guys it's called super
SuperDuper cold and I got to go where I
can get some food possibly some bullets
and everything else this jackets killing
it though so it's already today is
turning into an interesting day we have
these things blocked off right here but
they're a manager in Chipotle right now
just being a jerk and not moving their
cars even though they're not supposed to
be parked here like it was blocked off
by the venue
I say we take the cars up and move them
you have a seat flush them
we should just do it wants to go up or
deck to folio
I'll protect we got to be a little bit
too addictive here like they're not even
listening to the cops right now in upper
deck - now do it in the corner just poo
in the corner me sure people do that
chipotles all Mexican food burritos
passes right through here's the last
thing that may be a good person a win in
there very politely very nice and
everybody would have been on with their
day if they would have just like blue
there anyway but this has turned into
yes
well I was saying was kind of
interesting we didn't see so this entire
tour now we're seeing snow white a lot
of it I kind of wanted to walk around a
little bit now they got gloves and some
warmer socks and check out the area a
little bit it's really pretty actually
I'm actually really really warm which is
the first time in a long time in snow
maybe she was there's not enough just
sucks I wanted to make a snowman but
there's not nearly enough
well good morning Internet starting off
my 30th birthday with two masks on my
face and this little face right next to
me in that white detail that little girl
girl good way to start the day do you
want to go for a walk you won't go for a
walk okay we'll go for a walk is that
good for you you happy with that are you
happy with that okay
stretch it out yes get ready for that
walk she was on this toy store while
walking around this is awesome just get
a bunch of toys
dude there's a Sega Genesis multiple in
Dreamcast I have I have one of these
is this a USB one no I think it's just a
knockoff ones cause for those new kids
on the block trading cards 50 cents now
they're a dollar 50 its inflation
there's so many cool little random
things here it is like nerve rocks
happen right here look at this just
remember if you blow it you buy it
what blow what I'll blow anything are
you talking about here every dictionary
what we're doing we could be blowing to
any of you buy it I guess though do the
blinds I'm kind of here okay I like it
take Raiden like a pink Raiden where is
it if you where you bought it will I win
the lotto outlook good
will I win the lotto tomorrow most
likely no looks like I just find a
freaking lotto ticket
my god please don't these are so amazing
weird gross out the oysters are often
well my mom gave me these beautiful
things for my birthday and I love them
in these mom woke up and said you don't
know they're really pretty though
they're beautiful
but Charles delivered this wall I had
this delivered this morning from Charles
and of course it has chocolate on it and
I can't really have chocolate so I'm
trying to pawn off some of the chocolate
on my mom but it was so sweet and so
nice to Charles he's been surprising me
pretty much every day and if you guys
have never had an edible arrangement
it's amazing so mom you're not deeds on
this
thank you probably like I lost it
alright that what I did not because
y'all the Star Wars come on I had that
jet which one that one this one hmm
the wing broke up just like that must be
a faulty thing so crazy
I'm never happy for I know I'll Simpson
things
oh this what is that ice kind of creepy
oh I have to dr. Marvin Monroe I'm
probably gonna have to censor this one
yep and a half to censor this one well
Internet it's official I'm 30 years old
I'm excited Kate and look at my sister's
planning for me well has planned for me
a nice little getup because people are
coming over and those are my 1987 I make
them can't stand between she's not very
soon strip she's not very thrilled about
it but we're gonna have some
people over just a few of my girlfriends
and then my cousin and her husband and
then Kate's husband and we're gonna have
a few appetizers hang out here for a
little bit and then we're gonna go and
hit the challenge because this thirty or
girls ready to live it up Joey up in the
streets maybe walk barefoot through a
bathroom or two oh yeah we're all crazy
the sky is the limit I feel like I
haven't shown you guys in the vlog in a
while they're still here guys and
they're snooping around because they see
all the food we're gonna cut up some
veggies here you go cut it something
smells good some songs to the blue
cheese so I think I think okay I'm
literally now I'm so weird but I love
the smell and blue cheese okay but
really I love the smell of blue cheese
it's like a strange addiction that I got
we got a house some chance and some dip
and we're gonna put it in my mouth
good I'll do my hair I just get so
distracted you know what I do wanna cut
celery I cut it in half again you don't
need to you don't need to it's because
sometimes I feel like I'm gonna buy into
celery it's too big of a piece of celery
yeah it's too big of stuff in my mouth
yeah alright my first dirty xxx dirty
joke I feel real good
it was my hand because trav well look
Claire is here oh you guys remember
Chelsea or selects my cousin over there
there's Kelly smelly Kelly smelly Kelly
so Claire chelsea show up and they they
show up with a gift and of course i
should expect this from Claire I don't
know why it has not like clicked on my
head yet that she's gonna ruin my life
you know else a real good time for your
xxx thank you guys all for being here I
love you
truly the best 30th birthday it's my
only one
so the show was a complete success it
was fun
hi what's your name sage how are you
guys want to say hi oh yeah today's show
sorry gotta focus was freaking awesome
Ali I gotta go call I like she is right
now out celebrating her 30th birthday by
the way it's Ali's birthday right now as
you guys probably saw at the end of the
yesterday's video but his 30th birthday
is today and I'm honestly really really
really bummed that I couldn't be there
today I tried to somehow get out of a
show so I can go home in time but it was
just no way to do it but I know she's
with my sister and her sister too much
other funds people like that so she can
you know have fun that's all I want I
just want her to have fun on her 30th
and then when I get home in seven days
eight days we get married in seven days
I'll be home we can do something cool
maybe like you don't get marry or
something like that it could be kind of
fun
yeah I gotta get on this bus because the
snow is freezing I think tomorrow we're
in Detroit I don't know if there's gonna
be snow there kind of hope not I think
I'm over it already it's all one day no
I'm actually going to go to bed a little
bit early coordinates
it's not going to work in the left hand
I need to go this way
and I will see her
the most Awkward way I've ever gone to
bed okay well this is the wrong
direction again okay
I guess I could put the camera down and
say good night anyway please don't
forget to go say happy birthday to Ally
not question of the day but that's your
mission for today in the comments also
don't forget to like the video and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
okay I may have a good time I guess
