sym logic drop-offs session Jam right
now
Hey
the topless inning in that coalition
good morning guys we are in Pittsburgh
and if you look carefully it's starting
to snow and all of you guys can see
maybe it gets the bus
I bet if the snow later okay there we go
it's a little bit more but this is
actually kind of funny because this is
not funny actually is the first snow
that we've or snowfall I saw that crappy
snow in the mall of this entire winter
tour there you go now you can start
seeing the snow a little bit more kind
of GoPro tied
just realized tomorrow is actually a as
you're watching this is Ali's 30th
birthday and nine more days until I get
to marry this crazy awesome beautiful
person nine more days so make sure to go
wish Ally a happy 30th birthday that old
lady I told her which I I feel actually
is true I feel like women get hotter as
they get a little bit older and watch
I'm not the only keyboard lessons with
do you feel like let me get hotter as
they get older see I'm not the only
person thought you Zach hotter you see
I'm not the only one do you feel like
women get hotter as they get older
yeah see yeah I'm not the only one that
thinks it's doing so my point is I want
all you guys to go over to Ali's
Instagram or Twitter all those things
and wish our a very happy birthday
because honestly hey how are you
because I'm really really really bummed
that I can't be there
I'm actually really really upset about
it I sent her several gifts already to
try to make up for it but honestly to me
it doesn't make up for the fact that I'm
not able to get there if we had a day
off or if the show was a little bit like
earlier I would fly home in a heartbeat
so honey I am so so sorry that I can't
be there but I promise I will make it up
to you I will send all the CTFxC to wish
you a happy birthday as well so go guys
go wish her a happy birthday it's a 30th
and I think that's a big deal now she's
officially my old lychee sari the sun's
right there I know it was a little bit
missing actually I was missing yesterday
I wasn't feeling that great so he
decided to take my time yesterday and
trying to rejuvenate myself and get back
to normal but I'm help buying things
like for the girls for the wedding
something like dress tape and then like
boobie pads that's what I'm doing right
now so incredibly confusing
they are the weirdest things in the
world like super like how weird the
stuff is this is the SAR that doesn't
fit me at all not at all so yeah this is
super confusing to me being that
tomorrow's her birthday decide you get
something a little extra special to
celebrate turning 30
and getting it in the car was awfully
fun I'll have to show you when I get
home but I got to get home and take
diesel to the vet because he has to go
get some review shots today so it's a
good day for me a bad day for diesel
we're here was Summerfest I believe it
was August 25th 2013 and the only reason
I know this is because the vlogs that is
one of the definitely huge huge personal
blogging every day is that if something
looks familiar
I just Google old tour dates and then I
go CTFxC and then the date and then I
can see things and I can remember things
it's actually really really beneficial
not only is it entertaining for you guys
it's a chronological record of keeping
my brain in line so coli's but like the
call and do the crazy things in the
world
will show you something actually doing
your but did all of it my butt did all
this it just it must be trying to tell
me something that was a sign I should
save this just sign it for it yeah that
is great and the degrees gates are
awesome do it do something at the top
there looks like a spaceship leaving the
Sun and we are off to do the one thing
that he's gonna hate so much which just
happens to be going to the vest he's not
gonna be proud about it yeah it's not
gonna be thrown about it at all I am
turning the big 3-0 which makes my heart
excited you know I thought it would be
like I've thought about it I'm like oh
my god I'm turning 30 this miserable
I've never been one of those people that
really had like a hard time with their
birthdays I I appreciate my birthday it
means another year that I've survived
and I've pushed through a hard
and I've experienced things and some I
made mistakes and I made great choices
and I don't know I'm just very very
excited that my birthday's tomorrow and
I'm very excited for my 30th year of
life so she however is not excited
what's gonna be happening to him right
now
you okay you okay but it's like I smell
these dogs I'm not really happy about
this I know I'm about to get a shot he
was just freaking out but I'm loving it
dude okay okay so skittish
don't be so jumpy don't be so jumpy I
think we got a special guest nothing
beats fresh folded laundry especially
when you don't have to do it it's
honestly do all this laundry only cost I
think 11 bucks cause you don't have to
spend your entire day doing I got my
Jeep did she steal your bag there Casey
she may have fold of that and clean bath
for you I smelled it was like when you
were traversing we trap
should we trap for a little bit it's at
least folded it feels cleaner than it
did
though she's cleaned it right up trap
guys previously I feel like a magic
woman right now our superwoman something
super spectacular because I've
accomplished so much today and I'm so
happy that I have I'm actually I just
took diesel to the back got his shots
done
I went got things that I needed to get
in preparation for next week
I did good balloons for my birthday
don't judge me facial today too which is
so nice I never thought I'd be that type
of girl or that individual that type of
person I should say that would ever be
into that but I will tell you what ever
since I've gotten into my late 20s now
I'm sliding swiftly into my 30s I am
recognizing that there's a huge
difference in my skin how my body reacts
to things and it's so much more
important to take better care of myself
and my skin so every couple of months
I'll get a facial and I love it
picture skin feel magnificent and you
know maybe it's just me one in the same
way 20s and I just want to make sure I
can say I'm looking forever so maybe
that's why I don't know or maybe this
was just my gift to myself for my
birthday so there you go happy birthday
I hope you enjoyed your facial as the
snow comes down now time to go play a
show oh that all year for this tour you
guys like drove up it's awesome yeah
it's all
daddy's back and we are outside working
on finishing up the photo booth I wanted
to show you guys what I got for my
birthday instead of doing 30 balloons I
did 1987
wink wink for the year that I was born
now I saw that Lindsey Bell did it with
like the 30 balloons and I thought it
was so cute and I've been seeing it like
on Pinterest so I was like you know what
I want to do that but I was gonna do 30
balloons but then I was like I'm gonna
do the year that I was born date of
birth the year of birth the time of
birth moment I was conceived there not
really actually at all the moment I was
conceived no not at all I was conceived
in 1986
yeah but anyways I'm gonna leave and I'm
gonna go paint and I'm gonna show you
guys what we're working on more dry
and look at that and it's ten times
lighter but my dad did a heck of a job
we just obviously we took that apart and
put the two pieces of 2x4 that were
connected down like that took away okay
it's like 10 times lighter than what it
was before went on I did it that looks
so cool so that's one section of it
very cool dad good this
world's smallest snowball in the night
will right now it's a million boy
no but now just for you but now super
weird it's gonna be weird it's not gonna
be like organic it's gotta be after
after me I will do it but it's gotta be
don't ask I'm just gonna do it you make
it a bigger deal that you have to go do
this
I was looking at the camera yes I
promise on that one worth it
I could even I don't even know how to so
this is this couch that we've been
taking turns
just faceplant watch this I'm going to
show you guys how cool this couch is
ready
investing with you all day see the thing
is the reason why I'm doing this -
Frankie today's because he's been
talking all day oh yeah you have haven't
you just take care of it when I clean up
to maybe see we're starting to figure
out if he's saying Affleck or Apple
Street up to my feet
what super high Facebook of us I dare
you
this isn't the way out do I wanna hit
you were doing it so it's Sophie do I
want to hate you Franky I'm gonna go for
Frankie all right now Sophie's got it I
bring it on the boss okay dad finish the
other two now we just gotta connect
sneeze but so far so good
looking real cool
and there you go I like so cool and then
I'm gonna finish spreading char and Ally
then we're gonna have a little stuff
hanging right here this is the photo
booth dad you wanna take the first
official photo really all right guys I
gotta show you what I've done so far and
I can't wait to give you an idea so cool
so cool so here's the big reveal I'm
gonna get it cut another carpet that I
have in here and I'm probably just gonna
throw it over there but I'm gonna throw
like this carpet down to maybe another
carpet but this is actually the photo
booth area oh cool so far that's what it
looks like but I went and got these
plastic lights and then these other
little twinkle lights from TJ Maxx these
just so that you guys can see of them
are stuck on with Velcro so we can
switch the names out if anybody ever
wanted to use it but I am so happy with
this I love the way everything is
turning out it looks so incredible my
dad killed it he helped us out so much I
so thankful for Charles and my mom and
my dad's girlfriend Linda for Charles
mom gave us a ton of like props just
everyone that's helped out with this my
dad like really really helped out so
much and I couldn't be more thankful I
now that everything is really starting
to be done my heart is so excited and
kind of scared with like you're excited
cuz I have a good time and you know I
want to make sure that it's like just as
memorable for us as it is for everybody
else
I don't know now my heart is so excited
full of love and uh excitement if you
haven't figured it out I just can't wait
for all these amazing events that are
happening in the next couple days and I
didn't tell you this but Charles send me
a gift yesterday he got me a gift card
for this place cuz he knows I love
workout gear I'm go figure
and he wanted me to go ahead and just
get myself some stuff that I wouldn't
typically get
but I'm so thankful for him for that and
I don't know I'm just so I love him he's
great
why do you stick your butt at me that's
so weird
bonus one o'clock it is officially Ali's
30th birthday an hour ago an hour ago we
got Valentina on the phone so we're
going to try to sing happy birthday
happy birthday you're old I love you
though you're like a fine wine ally you
get better at age we weren't sure to do
since Valentino wait who's saying is the
best you're saying a bath
you haven't having a good birthday honey
just chilling this is super meta it
means something within something cool
kids way of saying inception because
saying inception don't boring ok Danny
and I are just gonna leave hold on just
put it right here well I am gonna go to
bed and Sally's birthday as you what hey
drink drinks sing us off again Drake I
can't know cuz you don't start and asked
me to do it live and I will not do it
alive comes himself and says I'm for all
of doing operates on your Bennigan's I
will start doing it live
not anymore I will see you later have a
great night I hope you enjoyed this
Creed today
start off slow turn hop turned out to be
a really really crazy awesome fun day
anyway
have a great night guys
