oh say college bunk we should back
Connecticut
alright guys back in buffalo as you can
see i need to go wash my hair started a
little bit control much better even wear
my hair does it look better still I feel
a lot better that was going on way too
long without taking a shower it sucks
that somebody then you just don't have
you know like showers the thing about I
told you earlier and I think at the
beginning of the store the thing that
sucks about these club tours versus like
bigger bigger like you know halls and
like venues but the reason why we're
doing the smaller ones is because this
is a ten year anniversary it's kind of
like recreating the first tour we the
kings did and having more of an intimate
feel and I actually the entire towards
and sold out and I feel like it was the
best way to go yesterday was sold out
the last ten shows haven't sold out I
think today's actually sold out so it's
been waaaay waste it's been a waste to
our idea make sense it's been a smart
idea so we're back in buffalo right now
I'm actually talking Alice she got her
gift for her birthday her birthdays
actually saves the first so by the time
watching this tomorrow her birthday's
tomorrow she's turning 30 she's an old
woman yeah so she gets her birthday and
then a couple days later she gets the
anniversary gifts too so she's she's
doubling up she's smart so Frankie and I
he was trying to fly thrown by the top
of this building okay this is creepy
Frankie no I think I saw stairs this way
I don't know watch the stage haha
there's a stage here okay and then over
here okay was it then there's there's a
rule over here this is no access but
we're gonna act that's it anyway I mean
I smoke one sentence yeah usually I
think that's before the shower once
again this is where the shower was dug
in you ready for a live one
Duncan's back I don't want to scare that
baby start accessing pretty freaking
hard down here's the biggest one yet
ready
you know everyone get down it was
awesome
I played common
going into the recreation the post area
that's
great yes
of course now it's not working
the Lord
all that is not working that's that's
not the reason i was in there
not a good idea
oh say college book back is that a kick
Kenny would you do we will never do that
again Duncan do not open the door okay
you can't do the one all right yeah my
gosh
it always dark towards somebody's bug
because I Google's game you apart like
they're tight tight so we the tape so
this is the Mercer table down a
complicated j dau cuter fun I won't
forget it back to you
Oh your network yeah
we we completely forgot about doing this
class gets two days ago while in Buffalo
going to dinosaur BBQ so we're going to
keep the Velociraptor from t-rex maybe
an Allosaurus I you know I like to try
out different cultures while we're on
the road so I've never had dinosaur meat
I'm a vegetarian but winning you know
when it Buffalo through the only places
that have authentic dinosaur venus is
through uphold I totally underestimated
the Coleman I love to jack it cleaning
right there I regret that moment looking
forward as the pterodactyl I think
that's what I'm looking forward to so
yeah I like when I sell something
Kristin I am it's like yeah it's peeing
as a pterodactyl he and ammonia is what
this is what happens when we Ally charge
what happened no enjoy beautiful your
project I'm vlogging cali found it
or would I bring you feedback ready
wow that was okay you see it okay that
was a good one resident to blow the bus
stop pistol fires if I gonna stop now
because I think of it get the Apple plan
and smell something ya smell all right I
gotta stop yeah us I gotta stop for dog
park your subacute the better i'm gonna
get this taken away from me i could
suffer he looks like a rebel parabola
right there parabola parabola hmm is
that right parabola go up and down oh
look at that oh hi what all right I'll
tell father what was the other one it's
not the second chickens not feel live in
the middle middle re-email Oh drinks
y'all know it this is fresh no friggin
look I'm really all this stuff they look
rocketry the rules woven your drink
these days on exactly leggins yeah a
couple people over 70 without that all
right nice nice all right and that's
what I like you just picked them out on
offense
every night I see
my brother and I laid that on a cruise
ship for the township and by murder yeah
I was 13 years old he was 11 he plays
drums I play piano and every was it all
just so kids are playing and then we
start playing the titanic song and I'll
on a cruise ship and up you were like ah
oui yeah we don't know if we should clap
for that that's that's really bad car
last week my brother Howard started
supply anything over there was so
awkward sir could I talk to my future
wife please tomorrow night not following
night or the following I just knock on
ya could April when I said hey babe that
it was made a specific guys please my
future wife wishes all again well go
back to sleep here's trouble so you can
talk to him cigarette please but i love
you i'm so excited or what ten days yeah
I nine days now here's I things like 1am
yeah true your product retard want to
talk why tell the atty they are just
really nasty cough so tomorrow I think
Danny and I regular folks will do an
urgent care because I can't have this to
be more wedding is in 10 days between
nine days when you're watching this so I
need to get rid of this thing
immediately and if this thing gets taken
care of and then one of these guys they
can come back on the bus I'm going to
visit kick to be in the circle so a lot
of you guys like saying yesterday
Frankie give me a thing you're up you
were your star now me ready with that
one more give it one more Drake I like
to say that we have taken a look amazing
Ricky's because it a celebrity with a
drink
alright guys that was a little bit
create a better mood rag on it I feel
like that's my new favorite ending down
I know somebody needs to give that like
audio clip of that the right way we just
have that for everything 22 in urgent
care I'm going to get rid of this cold
hopefully get a little bit better
because it still been knocking me out
like honestly last couple days and i get
for some reason because there's 12
people on this bus just when I start
feeling a little bit better you know
like another person brings with other
variations the cold on the bus and then
it's just going to like recycle the
whole situation so it's like perpetual
like a perpetual like sickness I guess
you can say so I'll see you guys
tomorrow have a great night I guess
