good morning guys so today is a really
amazing day and really annoying day at
the same time first off I get to sign
over the house with the equity and all
that stuff today so that's what we're
running over to do second off annoying
wise I got like 40 different emails from
40 different things and everyone just
doesn't know what's going on so and this
is what I'm gonna do today I'm leaving
my phone here I'm not gonna throw my
phone anywhere today I'm gonna go the
entire day without a cellphone it sounds
ridiculous but it's my only way to
disconnect from everything and just
don't deal with it turn my phone off
walking away doing this stuff today it's
gonna be like the first time actually
I've done this before
it seems really really strange in it it
should be it should be a very easy thing
to do but nowadays everyone's just so
accustomed to having that thing tethered
to yourself but I'm not going to do it
all day today
not gonna do it list it right there or
maybe over there really charging I don't
know but it's not coming in my pocket
all right let's go do this sorry I head
on I don't mean to start the video like
that it's just I'm ranting because
that's what these videos are that's what
they've always been and it makes me feel
better so you for listening to my stupid
rant this is gonna be fun this is gonna
be awesome
after a while we've finally got rid of
this house where we sold this house I
should say is it bad and figure about
Nemo right now it just keeps swimming so
are you ready you're gonna stay here you
protect the house make sure nothing
happens to diesel Molly and Rica okay
you're charged what it's upstairs
up there is exciting stress will be
lifted off your shoulders Siri are you
nervous
good
so funny when you're nervous you do the
silliest things Oh probably my briefcase
full of $100
I'm Stan
we also have some other good news we got
the return back some extra tile we've
ever been using yes things are and I
don't feel sick
knock on wood the mulch now the only
thing that would top this is if I got a
haircut but they're closed so I'm a
little bummed effect yeah we did that
once mother yeah it was fun for you yeah
Australia and New Zealand summer so
these boxes I'm pretty positive just
boxers I don't know what kind of look
you're going for but okay
you can look like you just came right
out of Pleasantville go rocket
honey you're getting naked in public you
can see your naked body sir
alright let's see this next shirt
celebratory lunch you know it's kind of
funny it's like good deeds with malt I
know I like it
the music the music and the music but
this but listen
oh no that too it dies what I only have
that two straws there's honey you're so
romantic so sickly boy you're just
looking out for something I love that
romantic
oh I love Tijuana flotsam I just love it
here and there she goes what's go there
just says I got I come tell me what you
would miss me you want missing me like
now I'm not going to just there's a cat
in my bag this is the Rica show now Kent
in the bag so you want to deliver this
cat in the bag I think she's the one who
went in there look at this I'm gonna get
all fancy I'll talk to you guys I'll
shoot I didn't get that right okay there
we go there we go don't normally do this
the style but I just kind of really
wanted to talk about kind of what
happened today I've got a root beer
Cheers
obviously today oh I just realized this
is all crooked oh there we go
you think after four years I'm gonna do
this obviously today was an amazing day
because the house i sat in the final
paperwork for the house it's gonna be
gone out of my hands while I'm actually
in Australia so it's actually really
exciting and bittersweet at the same
time I think I've had a conversation
with you guys about
obviously there's been a lot of good
memories and a lot of bad memories in
that house there's a lot of memories
that have gone through the house and
that stage of my life it's bittersweet
like he just said there were so many
cool things that happened there right so
obviously we have an attachment that
something like that and it was my first
home I'm gonna have a lot of cool
memories in the house and I'm very
fortunate a lot of them if not every one
of them are on camera and I could just
Google CTFxC days something that's
actually something that I do a lot like
where I go a CT of xc10 for 17 or
something like that because I have the
dates and everything so you can
literally search any NHD Dybbuk see
random day from now to 2009 of May so
it's kind of crazy but best of the house
okay so I feel like there's a little bit
better now that I can see myself in the
frame so anyway lumps were short we get
to my rambling point so what I want you
guys today is I want you to in the
comments of this video I don't know why
I say this video you guys get it this
video I want you guys to tell me some of
your favorite moments or like your
funniest moments or just a moment that
pops in your head from when the CTFxC
lived in that house but what I think of
that house I'm always going to think of
the fun times and the goofy times mainly
the pool section I've loved watching the
dogs or swimming watching Kobe dive
underwater like what we'd have parties
people would come over and hang out and
we play pinball
all night I don't know it's just there's
a lot of cool things I can't even think
about because there's so many so many
years and so many memories I'm sad to
see it go but at the same time it's nice
because I'm able to put my past and move
up my past chapters and I'm able to
start a new new book a new chapter
whatever whatever get one of these
metaphors and stuff like that if I go
try to figure them out this stupid
moving on I kind of like it's exciting
because it's I'm like detaching myself
from a past and I'm basically rewriting
or writing a new
beginning does it make sense but truly I
have to say that that was a really
amazing time in my life I wouldn't trade
I wouldn't trade it for any anything in
the world because there's a lot of cool
memories that have lived in that house
and I I am sad to see it go but I'm also
very relieved it was on the market for I
don't know two years I mean it was a
very unique house I mean you guys
remember a super unique like there's
this room then there was this other room
you had to go to this room to get to
that room so I feel like a lot of people
were put off by the shape of the house
and I think that's why maybe it took the
right people to get it I really wanted
that house to go to somebody that would
actually appreciate it if that makes any
sense like for example my dad sold a car
that he loved so much
and he didn't want to get rid of it but
he got rid of it and the only reason why
he was able to do that was because he
knew the guy he was selling it to would
have truly appreciated the car as much
as he did or does and I felt like that
was kind of like the same thing for me
that I didn't want to just sell because
there was a lot of people had offered
for the house I didn't want to just sell
it to sell it because I wanted to sell
it to the right people because I had a
lot of memories in there and I was
hoping that I could sell it to somebody
that would appreciate that for what it
is and could also do that as well I
didn't want to flip her basically taking
the house and doing something like that
that's a weird little tangent right
there I just wanted to say how I was
feeling about this whole situation
because I know a lot of people were
asking me on Twitter and in the comments
let's go today's an Instagram and
snapchat all those social media things
before I get too far into this I just I
honestly just wanted to kind of show you
where I was coming from and just kind of
explain how I felt because this was a
big this was huge for me this was a big
big move because not only is it starting
over but it's also losing something you
know I mean that I I truly loved and
worked hard for but at the same time I
know it's going to amazing people so I
can
I can rest easy knowing that it's not a
flipper it's not somebody gonna destroy
the house it's not like somebody that's
to live there like a month a year or
something like that oh by the way you
guys were absolutely correct and healthy
I have a cider vinegar
I should have diluted that my stomach
was screwed up the entire night
listen learn don't do what I do anyway
guys please don't forget to subscribe
this was perfect that was I didn't mean
to do that
subscribe and like the video leaving in
the comments you know some of your
favorite moments of the the house or
just that time and stuff like that even
some of the worst ones I just want some
some memories that came to your through
your little head or big head like if
you're like me kind of Charlie inaudible
anyway um anyway yeah I'm talking about
self all right I will see you guys
tomorrow as always bye guys
