yeah that does look fishy though like
it's sketchy as hell though it's like
hey freaky
sniffing drugs
bring this on on the tour because we
feel this on the stage this sounds so
much better this has to come every
single time I'm so much happier with it
good afternoon Internet I am on my way
to the restaurant because I am going to
put together actually I should say I'm
going to talk with Deb and my mom and
kind of collaborate and figure out what
we're gonna do for the food for the
rehearsal dinner I am feeling a little
under the weather today I feel pretty
crappy actually I'm kind of shaky and
I'm feeling a hundred percent which
really sucks I've been drinking
emergency like nobody's business just
try to take it easy as much as possible
today but it sucks because like the two
weeks before the wedding I feel like you
have so much you have to do so
it's very hard for me right now to take
it easy but I'm going to do my very best
to take it slow especially today cuz I
definitely hit me like a brick wall
today it's not feeling good I decide to
be fatties dude I got the donut sandwich
it's a donut sandwich oh my god Fat City
oh wow well bye
so Frankie and I are a little adventure
through Toronto right now
I like how I'm in Toronto for like a day
and I'm doing all this fancy stuff like
just a bunch of errands got my laundry
done got my grocery shopping by the way
groceries are expensive in Canada like
cereals like six bucks now what I got to
do I think I got to start texting a lot
of people about the wedding like the
wedding party is something that letting
everyone know what's going on
okay so a lot of back-end stuff today I
got it hi I don't think that's to see
everyone waving at the venue so
apparently we have cameras on the side
of the bus known as super cameras
that's what's that so what's going just
when I was ready to start my day the Sun
Goes Down I forgot the further north
that we go the quicker the Sun sets
which really puts a damper on everything
especially now that I'm still kind of
sick I've been I've no joke this entire
tour I've been like waking up by like
9:00 or 10:00 in the morning which is at
Lee's probably thinking to herself which
is unheard of for me but on this tour
that waking up so freaking early but
ever since I've been kind of sick I've
been taking night ball so I've been like
sleeping as long as high 12 o'clock
maybe one o'clock just because when
you're in that bunk and you're playing
on night while you just don't want to
wake up this morning we had to wake up
at 8 or 9 to go across the border so we
had to go in customs and all that stuff
and then I just fell already back asleep
anyway what I'm trying to say is it kind
of sucks because I wanted to go downtown
and see some cool cooler things but I
was able to do anything
kind of a bummer but at the same time
I'm still getting over this cold and I
just I'm still trying to like just not
overdo myself at least until after the
wedding
maybe after the wedding I can overexert
myself a little bit this officially the
final run-through for makeup so district
girl out the way I look right now
but um she's on her way over and I feel
like kind of like okay we're going to do
a final look to make sure that I like
everything I might change up a few
things but I'm not hundred percent sure
I think the eyes might have been too
dramatic for me and the lips might have
been too dramatic so we're gonna try a
different route this time and then we're
gonna try and figure out what the girls
are gonna do for their makeup in regards
to the wedding you know you guys I gotta
lift weights feel good today we figured
out meal plan for the rehearsal dinner
booked fat square that away and now
we're getting this figured out I'm
feeling a lot more confident a lot more
at ease I guess that stress is slowly
disintegrating right off of my body
which is wonderful and I know that for
the next couple days I'm really gonna
start taking care of myself and taking
it easy as I lift weights you can judge
me but my dad was gonna come over
tonight and help finish the photo booth
but we figured it would be best that he
came tomorrow instead so I can really
focus on the whole makeup thing today
and then get that done tomorrow and
hopefully I'll feel better tomorrow too
because right now I just feel a little
funky try to redesign
I saw on like Spotify I logo for your
re-release of sad song a little bit hold
that song I loved your Instagram videos
that you shared and I like that it kind
of major community of Kings fans kind of
shares the personal and
I think that's what who the Kings are
late
a lot of success is because like I got
your president but with a pizza I think
we owe a lot of our success due to the
internet and our fans and a community
that they form
as all word about yeah we've also been
really really gonna helps us a lot
this interview I couldn't want to ask
you guys to each flirt oh the first
thing that comes to mind so but like
maybe like set out a name and then like
your moles and chain
what I've noticed on the bus bus and now
it's turned into those PG quiet thing
I've ever seen like what we just sit
instead of like having a party on the
front we literally all just sit here
watch the page so it's kind of I feel
like in the past ten years that's going
to change but I feel like it's just us
growing up you know adult thing I guess
those transcend before I remember the
first album good version episode of the
fresh pepper
so this peppermint this is Padma
superior patent on this is pure lemon
it just wakes you right up hears it all
Wow let's come back you like sniffer
their hands hunting know we're huffing
oil
I will try this movement and two or
three drops of Lima Sun rub your hands
together wow it's awesome and my
Segretti
bigger hands up
Oh night that's amazing coat huh
I don't feel sick anymore I feel part
see your nasal cavities you haven't felt
in like weeks that's so true the results
peppermint oil this time is peppermint
oil and lemon yeah that does look fishy
though like it's sketchy as hell though
it's like hey Frankie you lose a media
yeah well you're sticking it just smells
like a lemon drop now I'm gonna eat an
apple that's covered in your nose oh my
god it's that crazy natural oils I can
breathe out of both nostrils right now
that just cleared out everything that's
one of these
what are those people Padma Mindy let's
pivot Padma Nolan ah those are little
beads that you put when you probably
might leave a dissolve but then by the
Eternity won't believe don't buy it boom
can can I sort of saw get a bed
it's pretty powerful by the time
are you fighting already what do
right oh wow
watching what are these things do you
have on Yelp see what the bat made me
cuz they think I got stressed I thought
I was in that response that smell
amazing
I would have a red thing just blew my
mind I'm thinking hiney I'm smaller than
a BB that stops you got a second
sneaking out cinema
Corgan oil orange
I've never seen these little beads
Olivier's can see how tiny of these are
it's the Balkan version of I just
well
to just rub this on your back or SS
doctor good ii i have me ii like in two
years because of that stuff but on the
bus needs that we could put this him or
what took me a bit of walking straight
ball straighter busted mister facts how
you learn all this
oh bass players wife is like so into
this stuff and last last winter I don't
really bad right skank is the cold me
yeah yeah I think I just need a fedora
wow so I get some lambda I so I be the
doctor for like three months to try to
get cream or something yeah nothing
works
so I just got me slapped around by using
for two days in the face up so much
everyone needs to have that now on the
bus that's mandatory anyone has a call
yeah giving them something like that
yeah this is interesting to me it was
crazy I just do diffusers and stuff like
dude he's like showed us a crazy there's
this thing of smaller than a BB you guys
read the BB
doesn't it first time ever
Amanda's back cameras on cara's ah last
time no you look great girl she's gone
all out and I'm telling you what if my
bridesmaids cannot pick out a color and
get this down we're gonna have some
serious issues I love you girls I'm not
kidding I really do love you seriously
we're gonna do something just a tiny bit
different from last time because last
time was awesome and I loved it
we were both talking more like what if
we does something a little bit more
neutral all right Internet which one do
you like the best one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten of the one
do your teeth around though there you go
Internet give us your opinion if there's
one that you like better than the other
working yeah you're totally working
being annoying and bored today I need
things to do otherwise I need to work
under my eyelids let's forget the most
work done you're just dreaming out how
to Photoshop Thanks I was just planning
out my name right
Kukui Levin guys look it's my favorite
time again though ready I like it it's
like very cold weird feeling I know my
sister is always like why don't you use
a setting powder oh yeah like a velour
mercier one I use I use that all-nighter
spray yeah I got it I love it I think
trials will play me pretty I feel I
don't even she captured the look I was
going for it alright so guys this is the
final look that we came up with and it's
just kind of a more glammed up me and
Amanda killed it she killed it she
killed it guys if you are not following
her yet on Instagram I swear to god I'm
gonna come after you well I'm not really
gonna come out to you but you should be
following her all you ladies and
gentlemen out there that are all about
makeup and want to get great ideas and
learn how to do it amazingly what's your
Instagram girl oh the crazy beaut
crazy you okay so I hope to see you guys
all following her tomorrow very very
happy with the final outcome cuz we both
decided we were both talking about how
the other make was beautiful but it
might be better just go with a more
natural look and just kind of feel like
I said it glammed up me and I like it
I'm so much I'm just so pleased with it
so happy so thank you you did great job
girl leave you guys still do that do
that whole know they do the whole thing
it's just killing thank Charles here I'm
gonna back up super hard no it goes
super hard jolt yeah and now you're
awake right yeah fingers that slowly is
literally doing fingers and pushing it's
it's like that way winning massages as
well oh yes you gotta be like oh dude
that feels good thank you you got you
got the spot because if you say that
hurts he's like no you need like I said
I'm very excited about the final outcome
it's just slightly more glammed up me
and that's exactly what I wanted
Oh guys again go follow the crazy speed
on Instagram she's an incredible makeup
artist and an awesome person an amazing
mom she's now a fur mom and she's super
talented and she's just she's starting
from the ground up but I got to tell you
what I've never been so satisfied with
my makeup ever by someone else doing it
cuz you know you get into that flow of
how you like things but it's hard to
kind of let your stuff go when you let
someone else do your makeup but I say
she is listen to me from the very start
it has never disappointed and I just I'm
very happy it's just very subtle but I
love it ally just did six for six on
this lipstick six no well no
over over over Gilbert that was it that
was it over nope nope no more happen
nope no I do I did it you did it
Kali do me good do me good but we did
what would have been cool it feels like
the first fries are only is our only
night here in Canada so we have to get
some Lee bang
right that's it routine curiously the
wrong and fastest on Owen's rasa-lila
collaborative and pretend poutine
poutine yeah
begin some poutine poutine right what is
poutine joke
this is gravy on fries right there's
cheese lady's curries research yeah it's
canada's attempt to be better than
America okay I'm putting in a good day
I'm hijacking CTFxC I got to show you
guys that I just tried to sign in to a
Wi-Fi network here because I don't have
international data Charles goes tell you
what I'll turn on my Wi-Fi 40 guys I'll
let it focus
this is Charles Wi-Fi network that is
locked for those of us who have no
cellular data
thanks to Detroit
that's one serving all right well
Danny's gonna be pooping on the bus
today because this this theory fell
through messing with me but they keep
saying that there's the money
smells like maple syrup doesn't it feel
like so do the damage
sniffing right exactly okay see just
didn't got whacked in the head
Tony plays a smelly
and that making sure I just build that
yeah
no I said I feel like a baby
oh oh we got the phone oh oh the color
that we're sure
blow that one way to hire done
denominations smell more like a regret
and actually true before we go and go
back to America I just want this is last
Canadian thing Frankie I want you to
give me your best impression of Drake
we'll see you next time
I'll see you guys tomorrow sorry the
Drake fan one more time
