today Travis and all the guys are
surprising me with a bachelor party if
you definitely should be terrified for
really two of them - okay three of them
okay to be fun
good morning guys
today we have a day off and it's Buffalo
and I just started walking around just
kind of I ended up walking two miles
away thinking you know what I'm just
gonna take an uber back Buffalo doesn't
have over so I had them to walk all the
way back right now I was was not
expecting a four-mile hike today but I
guess the cool thing is I get to see a
battleship that's kind of cool in a
submarine guess there's perks it's kind
of funny I remember coming here when I
was a kid actually and going on both of
these things and my aunt my uncle used
to have boats on the docks over there
which I don't know why the boats are
gone maybe because it's winter but
that's funny
like I know this whole area and I didn't
know we were like right here it was like
all accidental I just kind of wandered
it around but now I got a wander back
but all I know that is the bus is parked
on Franklin Street that's all I know
this shows how immature I am sometimes
looks like a bunch of little penises oh
shut up I know I only submitted it self
deprecation now that's security camera
hello I think I see the bus so that's
good that means I'm not lost I love this
freakin drone look at this he was put in
my hoodie so if you haven't gotten the I
K TV limited hoodie and you have a drone
you might want to get it because it
apparently fits everything if you have
the mattock or if you don't have a
mattock it's just really freaking warm
it's like thirty degrees and I'm totally
warm right now that's a buffalo in
Buffalo huh essentially looking them up
you're hooked up
no that's a law firm is not a hotel
afternoon internets it's a beautiful
beautiful Monday afternoon and I'm on my
way to go pick up my sister right now
she's gonna go with me to grab some
things that I need for the wedding dress
and then we're gonna head back home and
my dad's coming over to kind of help me
finally like officially build the
background I know that sounds weird
because I've been talking about it for
so long but we've been going back and
forth contemplating on what we should do
should we take the pallets apart or
should we just use the fence somebody
that's gonna come over to figure that
out and then from there I'm gonna figure
out whether or not I need to stay in the
fence because obviously putting offense
against a fence I've been a little tired
today I got a little bit worried because
char's aunt was not feeling very good
last night and I'm very very nervous
about getting sick and I feel a little
funky today like I feel a little a
little tired and I feel a little
sluggish in a sense I hope I'm not
getting sick I'm trying to take a lot of
vitamins and vitamin C and things of
that sort so keep your fingers crossed I
don't get what everybody else has cuz
it's a little too close to the wedding
for me to start getting sick don't want
that at all today Travis and all the
guys are surprising me with a bachelor
party and everybody deserves a bachelor
party and I'm terrified right now it's
not tell Charles I looked at all our off
days actually when you say the rest of
the guys that man helped I'd like those
brides this drab it was just me but
actually no I would like to see the
other guys help just in case something
goes terribly wrong they can't all blame
me that's a good play but it was
everybody was a definitely a full group
effort I have two specific things three
technically we are going to do events
lately terrified all to be filmed at
your discretion you definitely should be
terrified for it's really two of them -
okay really three of them okay should be
fun yeah it'll be something I was told I
need to bring this see this is a
most are used to Michael that altering I
don't drink that whole like hey let's
get them o Broadway the you know
apparently we don't like where you go
out and get some I wasted it in like
that's just that leave them in the u so
good that's why it was so hard for me
other past quarters like let's go to a
bar and then that's where it ends yeah
simple things like that this we had to
figure out something and luckily we have
cuticle and pours touring van to take us
so we're combining we the Kings and cute
is what we aim for Charles is going to
get in the trailer hey Jeff
wait where's Frankie think we're missing
Frankie and Danny exact good old Callie
my dad and Linda came over there's my
beautiful bride of a dad dad unique so
Miller's so what we're trying to do is
we're trying to figure out a better way
to do this whole photo good thing
because first off I know it's really
crowded in here sorry about this what
we're going to do is we're going to pop
those off and then my dad's going to
screw them on to the two by fours over
there because it might be a little bit
easier for transportation and these
things weigh so much look who it is it's
my favorite man right there hey Gordon
guys you shouldn't have probably the
best buy I have no idea that's why come
on seriously I buy so many damn cameras
from you and you replace so many of them
so here's what we're gonna do for you
it's a special night so we're gonna let
you peel all the stickers off of the new
electronics and that's like I appreciate
it thank you
dad you're Aamir but so we're gonna take
all these off and then he's gonna put it
on these bad boys that way I don't have
to stain anything else and my dad is
really cool idea we're gonna kind of
scatter them so they're not so like
uniform on the side so it'd be like one
stem sticking out more should I take the
nails out dad or what do you want me to
do do
splitter okay okay you know to going
this way yeah okay right across yeah but
the next one is gonna be centered to cut
pieces on either what do you think I
like that idea all right
these guys know me so I gotta find one
that actually fits my big-ass hair nope
so far those in my head huh I gotta put
it back on
I want to get in trouble I put it in the
locker got the extra-large
got the extra-large sorry forgot the
visor was down
yeah
well I just realized that putting the
GoPro in the front this made things
really really I want to watch the nobody
really shaky so I apologize for that
I think I really thought it was actually
to be sturdy enough but it doesn't help
some Travis's knocking you all over I
think he won
so just painted this it was originally
this now it's this is my dad's almost
time getting the planks off we're gonna
get just those off today and then my dad
they were talking about what we're going
to do and my dad's a really cool idea
how to place it on there so we're in
we've got another day and then save dad
that's all right on your toes that would
have been bad yeah that would have been
fun now look at these crazy things
that's a little frightening you gonna go
round too soon but I feel like this is a
little bit unfair Frankie you actually
race cars though right like this is kind
of like an unfair
so I feel hold them but there's
definitely an unfair advantage
three times he almost kind of kicked out
already
we're gonna go round to Frankie's
probably to kick our ass
we got the rigor again
I'm nervous for pants
by God
a second way out
right
we're gonna go around to who do you
thinks gonna win
right
who else is going
Gordon is gonna be a big ol little great
break is up agencies
when you old the driver mm driven that
much
she's no brakes she's no brakes okay so
I get away
he's gonna win okay so we got Jordan
franki myself Travis and Kali
you're anything right
okay so this could be a good one I use
round two I actually did worse this time
yes the entire time there was a way to
do five which is what you're supposed to
do when you somebody has like your tail
you're supposed to let them pass there's
no way in hell that Danny or Chad it's
just simply pass
oh no I can't wait
but I got number one by BP your score
I'm not moving I would not
I'd rather wipeout in the wall biggest
door on the planet right here like the
definite best bachelor party yet this is
like exactly what I would want just a
bunch of how I do we took him on a
little golf pro right but we got two of
the pallets completely taken apart
there's all the pieces of wood and what
we're gonna do tomorrow he's gonna start
putting him on this and I will tell you
what it is so much lighter I know we
were talking to you guys before about it
how heavy it was it was obnoxiously
heavy and now that he's done that it
feels completely completely different
doors open homegirl it's open but now
it's so much more manageable and I feel
like it's gonna be so much easier to
transfer from one place to the next I
gotta say I love my dad
dads are amazing moms are amazing my
parents charge pants are amazing we're
so lucky they've been helping us out so
much with this wedding and I couldn't be
more thankful
honestly all we're gonna be really need
to do now it's like putting the little
props on it so we're gonna put the Tryon
alley on it and I am like I said before
I'm gonna kind of decrease the amount of
things that I was putting on there
before so that it's not as heavy and my
dad and I were coming up with some
pretty cool ideas of how we can kind of
stabilize things and put things together
so I feel good I feel good all right so
read this like escape room that's kind
of like a haunted house type of thing
pretty freaky actually and they want to
be zombies and then I guess we're serial
killers I don't really know what's going
on but it's just interesting and kind of
cool at the same time
but this is crazy what I never a I've
never done an escape room and beat I've
never seen this before I don't know if
you guys could see half this stuff
that's come terrifying and here's
another one where are we so we ended up
escaping the room with six minutes and
that was the first time I ever did one
of these things terrifying and it was
the serial killer thing and then now I
think Frankie and Koli and a couple
other people went into a haunted house
and they snuck in the chain saw the
Skinner I don't believe you'd be really
quiet you could hear Frank III how you
doing good I kept hearing noises you in
70 years
hello is one dead City right now walking
down the street then it was fun guys
was a very much my kind of kind of night
just like very chill we don't have to do
things crazy or anything like that it's
very something that I would want to do
you know what I mean like these guys
know me very well
so it was a lot of fun sir get out the
road sir I think I'm still feeling it
though it doesn't help that it's still
like 20-something degrees right now
Buffalo anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
it I'm gonna go back I'm gonna go back
to the bus right now and go to sleep
I will see you guys tomorrow we're
actually gonna be in Toronto so have a
great night guys
fine
