all right okay
so today I think I feel the worst of
everything which is if that means it's
probably giving out of my system
today we're in Boston and there's
another sort of go oh hey Danny
it was that excuse to pass time oh yes I
wanted that one but we're at the
Brighton theatre and yeah it's sold out
my neck is killing me go I think it's
like one of those colds where it's just
like a lot of body aches I'm just trying
to pull through it and have a good show
right Colin yeah so good morning
Internet I am actually on my way to my
bridal shower what what yeah I'm super
excited in kintel Iowa talking to
Charlotte tonight and I had this like
moment of like holy I'm getting
married soon and I'm gonna be a wife and
a bridal shower tomorrow and people are
celebrating with me this amazing thing
and it kind of like freaked mad a little
bit chars like you're not gonna Julia
Roberts me of course number one we're
not going to Julia Roberts and Charles
Trippy from burn away bride if you guys
don't know what I'm talking about but I
just I had this overwhelming feeling and
it was so weird it kind of hit me like I
was sad and bricks right into my chest
and I don't know it was kind of magical
to realize that I'm going to be married
incredibly stately we're having it at my
mom's 1/4 best friend's house and I want
to show you guys my actual old house
it's my old house crazy isn't it I think
we left there when I was like 10 it
looks so different now we're at my mom's
friend Liz's house and she's this is Liz
this is actually the one and then we
have some chars family there's still
some people coming and there's Lex and
little baby pain and you know Devin to
the bridesmaids right there and then
that weird one right there you guys know
her but liz is kind enough to have this
up her house and it's so beautiful in
her backyard it's just a perfect day
alright so Mel vision is taking charge
behind your faces are the back
and now are you stealing babies I was
just saying how pains in trouble
painting us an older brother and now
even Alison um okay my sister wants us
to think feel the business either via
tally a wind chime
when I'm on tour I always want to try to
find something cool to do or go see some
cool places so I can show you guys like
the city that we're touring in but I
just can't do it my body in my left neck
by next but specifically it's kind of
crazy it hurts so bad I'm gonna make
these body aches and I just I don't want
to prolong it so it's funny like
everyone's just pushing me in a bunk we
gotta take naps then to cut a bit
I'm just been taking all these naps and
trying to get rid of this thing as much
as possible I have bunch of Medicine a
bunch of vitamins
the good news is I think I'm on the last
stage so hopefully tomorrow will be good
the only thing that sucks is today's
another sold-out show and I want to go
all out and I always do on stage but I
always feel so worn out right after so
that's how I've been it sucks it's a
little bit weird for me that I get to
open up presents now it's kind of like
Christmas and my birthday but it's not
either what is it how many times how
many kids you guys are saying no okay I
just want to be an ant that's all right
ring that was like hour towards your
toes interface we started here man
door shut I don't know I like that she
left the other thing I mean she was with
me
we're for your Christmas cards worthy
today was awesome for Ally though she
just told me that she had her bridal
shower which is awesome obviously I
couldn't go to that because I am a not
allowed and be on tour but I want to
talk to her she seemed like she was
having a lot of fun which is awesome
because I know she was kind of nervous
she's always really super nervous she's
so cute it was nervous about receiving
gifts there anything like that from
other people
shows like up flowers someone to give
him luckily there was a pharmacy a Mayan
King 400 feet away so I just wanted
picked up a bunch of stuff I talked to
the pharmacist they said just to take
some ibuprofen - maybe like combat like
any fever that I might have and then
just drink lots of lots of vitamin C
which I have I went and I brought over
to him like children's gummy beet
vitamin C started laughing I was just
like dude I'll be honest I'm a baby when
it comes to medication
he's like aren't we all but I got some
Flintstone gummies which are classics
they have jellybean vitamin C one too
so I got some of those as well and a
couple other things some Gatorade some
ibuprofen and what else did I get
something else
some other stuff oh this pizza will get
pizza that's one we get make you feel a
little better house Frankie
oh come on anyone
just give me one don't what do you want
should I do guitar swing right now dude
put those adidas to work honey
now here's a poncho that's amazing
that's awesome
that's terrifying honey absolutely
terrifying your birthday's coming up
this is our new friend Michaela and her
birthday is the same as Ally's so we're
just facetiming Ally would your birthday
okay so that wasn't funny if yours was
mine so weird all right well I am about
to head off to bed I'm so tired it's
been a really really long day for me but
I really hope you guys enjoy hanging out
with a stay at the bridal shower
I'm very likely to have Melissa there
she type of camera from me helped me out
and was kind of filming everything
because she really wanted me to enjoy
being around you know my bridesmaids and
my family and just really enjoying the
moment enjoying what was happening today
and what was being celebrated today so
thank you Melissa
I really hope you guys are loving what
you're seeing and I really hope that
you're enjoying getting to know me or my
family a little bit more and enjoying
the process of the wedding which I know
it can be so annoying so I'm so sorry
but I love you guys and I just I know
it's really awesome to have you guys tag
along for this entire journey because it
is one hell of a journey that is for
sure well guys I am going to go to bed
today I am sorry I know I've been kind
of m.i.a for a while I you can ask
anyone here on the bus I've been in my
bunk just like completely ignoring
everyone I've actually been talking to
Danny I feel like so bad this is one of
the first times I've really ever not
kind of logged my day so it's been kind
of really hard for me to not do that but
I've just been focusing on trying to
feel a little bit better
here's to tomorrow I think that's like
2,000 milligrams of vitamin C some Mike
well order this is my clone right I'm
doing I can I pick you up that would
have sucked right if it took dayquil
here's the real story guys bachelor
party
we've just been hitting strip club after
strip club lacrosse game blog and so
like now he's come back and he's just
had such cool over 11 times I guess well
you already did the whole sickness on
the whole sickness was a lie it was all
I Star Wars they go like this there we
go that's how you do it I'm gonna go to
bed now I would get into my bunk and try
to pass out and hopefully get rid of any
cat take ibuprofen on top of my bike
whoa yeah yes okay so I'm gonna do that
to maybe come back any fears so I'll see
you guys tomorrow
have a great night
