where's uncle Charles him I got a I got
a present for uncle Frankie yeah
which hand right or left there you go
what is that
you're a spaceman helmet face of it do
you want put it down will you say uncle
Charles you're welcome
they have a high five I don't let me see
your little space suit okay see are you
gonna be an astronaut you only gonna be
on the airplanes no you you're gonna go
to space
you like the visor down chocolate
Charles okay see you look so cool
spaceship say blast-off where's the
spaceship well that's the next thing we
gotta get your spaceship guys that stay
for that one can you see Thank You
Charles this is awesome
uncle Frankie got it - uncle Frankie no
this is spaceman
you'll be like this you'll be like this
guy you'll go to space and you'll see
all these cool things and you have to
take selfies and send Uncle Frankie and
uncle Charles you can wear when you ride
your motorcycle later dude yeah boys
tractor yeah we'll get your spaceship
you dad ought to get that one yeah we
don't have you
that's so funny has a little microphone
on it they notice that you're gonna go
to space they don't mom you gonna pay
for mommy and daddy's life drive the bus
drive that bus that's so awesome
I knew we loved it we are in hot pocket
Rhode Island right now I don't think
I've ever actually even play to show you
but there's apparently a farmers market
going on and I might be able to yep only
20 more minutes but we're playing right
here at the met which I've never
actually played and the farmers markets
right here some of those targets
well it's closing up right now I guess
Internet doesn't work together it's just
the weirdness comes out of us
so it's a beautiful day I feel like
every day I give you guys updates on the
weather but it's so weird and I'm
predictable that I have to yeah it's the
truth it's so true
I don't easily truth the right way
anymore because of Melissa hashtag true
or I just think truth with like double
apps um so we're gonna have some
margaritas and we're gonna chill out
we're gonna get some Sun we're gonna
enjoy the Saturday because it's freaking
beautiful out so I decided to you know
get myself nice and comfortable like
Melissa and then I had this thing jump
at me like a spider monkey this one look
like right now look at how cute they are
I feel like I feel like I should be in
California my margarita was my coffee
yes that was really you guys did a great
job like that yeah graceful he's about
the jump on you again I gonna get up
with your mom you're just gonna spider
monkey jump on me that's cool wait look
what he does
oh he's not gonna do it are you gonna go
inside Finn no all right now you know I
only ruined doors when my mom's looking
that drunk pop are you go jump up it's
got suped
in right through your puppy fur so we
are on Mutius suk Street that's a fun
Street I'm on the phone right now with
Ali and I'm walking over
get some medication because right now I
feel very clammy I got a fever and my
nose is all stuffed up as you right here
and I have a cough what's funny not
funny but everyone on the bus has it now
- I feel like every time one person
think it brings them on the bus it's
only a matter of time until everyone
gets it so I'm just kinda hoping I'm
happy that I got it now so I can get rid
of it by the two weeks right out it is
like two weeks
13:12 days
something like that okay so I think I
got enough I got some amazing and lots
of bodies so Finley is doing yard work
for Melissa he's like look mom it's dead
I'm gonna take it down we're gonna make
this tree look real nice if you guys
need anyone to tear down some of your
dead plants please give Melissa call
Finley for hire come here all I need is
a little I don't I don't agree with it I
don't agree with this boy you're so good
I am NOT about this right now
so while margarita Saturdays are off to
a good start it's so nice out I'm loving
this van are you loving it Finley are
you loving it
are you having fun you think I don't
know hey now they don't talk to me right
now you kicked me off your lap so we
just got word that today's show is
actually sold out again so this tour has
pretty much be sold out every single day
which is kind of crazy
I like this venue it's nice and intimate
yesterday's venue was freaking amazing
but I feel like this one is egg Colin
hey Frankie
I feel like this is a very intimate kind
of show it's cool venue hungry my fear
and I'm running it up an escalator right
now I'm not holding the side
so Wilson I just stored up in Victoria's
Secret and you know what I mean get
ready okay yes like a big step okay I
feel a little bit better I you know I
have my momentary freakout but it's okay
I made it okay so now we're looking for
dresses for tomorrow cuz I don't know if
I told you guys I have my bridal shower
tomorrow
Melissa you were the bomb diggity
invested Melissa and I are trying to
find dresses I think I have dresses I
don't think I should be spending any
more money on anything else for this
wedding
Evers oh girl girl with no shirt
underneath it
peekaboo one of these if 100 when I got
talked about with them there in fact let
your mind run wild
I don't want Melissa to try on all these
fun dresses what what see Melissa know
when we shop together it's really bad
we have know what you're going oh I like
that silver dress I'd be coming it's
very fancy
no look at the white dress you should
wear that one you should we're just
terrible together though we make very
bad shopping the suit not bad shopping
decisions they're great shopping
decisions but right I know I don't think
I could wear it does I know but I just
know I'm not very girly girl and this is
a very difficult time for me so this is
one of the ones that Melissa wanted me
to try on and wearing a bathing suit bad
idea bad idea not the best decision I've
ever made
nope it's me I just don't think it's me
I just I don't know I just don't think
this is Ali a dub Melissa were waiting
why it look good or bad okay nope
I told you I was too big I told you that
was gonna be too big I said the zero was
gonna be better on you
yeah that's a little too much it needs
to like look at my butt
this needs to like go but you know I
don't like it here okay I mean if I made
a bad decision today as you can tell
today I've been kind of taking a day off
myself and just kind of relax a little
bit on the boss plus it's been raining
so every time I want to go outside I get
a notification of my phone that's
pouring and then they look outside
obviously it's morning just found out
the show sold out so it'll be a fun show
so I'm trying to like take naps I'm
taking ready to damps already right now
just watching some this documentaries on
TV just relax another class because
genuinely I'm telling you guys I'm
genuinely nervous because it'd be sick
our wedding day it's the last thing I
want and I'm just trying to
focus on taking some medication took
some medication
Zacks sick as well as loss isn't
currently sick I think Frankie's got
over it Duncan's on the verge and yeah
so patient zero was trapped
yeah I don't know I'm just trying to I'm
trying to just beat this thing because I
don't want to be sick and we have how
many more days because yesterday's show
I was naturally good at all a lot of you
probably could tell in the video but for
the show because it was such a big show
in a big stage I just wanted to go
completely all out and at the end of the
show it's kind of funny because I jumped
off the jump run as your president I
jumped off the drum riser where Danny
was and I think was the highest ever
jumped and as a result I really screwed
my back so on top of it I think you
screwed my back because my body was
already aching because I didn't feel
good and I think that just
the costume so my back is so kita I'm
basically what I'm trying to say is I'm
falling apart and I'm just trying to
give back to normals so that way when
the wedding comes I've totally fine
because I don't want to be screwed up on
the wedding's now I've said that for
time learning sucks so cuz I've really
only been to Rhode Island I like less
than a handful of times and I've never
been able to venture off or do anything
like that so I'm a little bummed because
I want to do the Providence see some
things and I just basically right now
waiting for Elliot and Coley to come
back with his helmet so obviously his
house together
Frankie's just got back so he hasn't got
to see the helmet yet so here you go
there daddy's Punk this is daddy's go in
where's uncle Frankie no hop in
I love having little kids oh I wish I
could be that being in the moment I know
right every bump in hims the condo dog
Honda bunks a little bit
crawling all over them watch your hand
on the computer kids on the bus or
nobody's favorite thing reminds me when
I was little got this big Walden do you
want the maggots
Haley you want to go drive the bus
B oh yeah
do you really I was writing don't anyone
wake up no one woke up yeah film yeah
okay good go fuck me daddy
don't make a video of yourself oh geez
sure your face say sup Internet you're
going to sell you own it like this there
you go
Oh
I'm shining interesting
we're continuing our mr. day day she's
single day where the pizza I'm where the
twits bunker Molly doesn't amazing
excited about this because you have
enough in your wedding you could eat
and that's how she looked in her
so I just walked into the house and I
got to the front door and I probably
have the most fabulous fiance to ever
walk the face of the planet
and he I just love him
he got me these beautiful beautiful
flowers and I feel so lucky he's gonna
make me so much oh I'm trying not to be
emotional but he wrote me as a beautiful
beautiful Sarah I'm so sorry I'm not
there to help you with everything and
regarding the wedding I love you so much
and I can't wait to marry you left chart
he's amazing
I love him and these are beautiful Thank
You charlie love you so much
hey get off the camera cuz I'm playing a
crack what is this newfound glorified I
own this big old giant puffball
I now can jump up top water to it you're
such a goof Zoey
all of a sudden feels that she can come
and jump up here whenever she wants to
when her dad is here it's a totally
different story he's not about it at all
but she's like you know what right now
mom I'm gonna stay up here and do
whatever I want so today was absolutely
wonderful spend time with Melissa and
you know just kind of relax a little bit
and then got some interesting things
that we had to get down like our
eyebrows and we did some shopping in
regards to wedding now I came home and
that I'm gonna spend the evening again
with the dogs because I have a big day
tomorrow and it's a perfect way to end
to stay having Charles semi flowers even
when he's sick and he feels like he's
not doing you know if he's always doing
enough so I just know I mean it's us
happy here but I feel so lucky and I
just love him so much I can't even begin
to explain how much I appreciate him
because he's just an incredible I don't
know how you got that lucky I don't know
I don't get it do you wanna say bye
they're gonna I don't or not say I love
you
you know you love you I do i w you're
are you not excited anymore like I get
my food I feel good I'm tired I'm so
freaking cold Frankie's got my camera
right now so I'm using the iPhone right
now let's say good night hope you enjoy
today's video and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a good night I
guess
