at the PlayStation theater as you guys
can probably remember this looks a lot
like the Best Buy Theater that we played
a few years ago because it is I think
this show has like 13 14 hundred people
coming so it's like half over halfway
sold out this is actually the biggest
room on the entire tour and this is also
if you guys remember the one that we
have our face our stupid faces on Times
Square so I'm gonna go get a photo of
that because you got it
I mean it's cheesy it's stupid but you
gotta do it raising the raising the flag
essentially I'm sorry babe oh it's this
way okay I'll meet you over there I'm on
the other side one two three go overtime
there we go switching it up look at him
go I can't even hold it still yeah I can
hear you I just like I just can't accept
cuz right now this is like the fourth
tenant process yes why won't it let me
accept your screen share 26:51
28 11 27 29
why don't you just look back on your old
videos and then pull it from one room my
brain hurts okay so now it's actually
kind of kind of working on final cut and
it's only at 9% I don't know why it's
happening oh my god has been like an
hour an hour this is crazy if you
watched yesterday's video notice it was
slightly late it's because we're having
compressor issues and exporting issues
ally has been doing this right three
hours trying to export this video what
do you have 31 minutes so if you didn't
see yesterday's video if it was a little
late go back watch it thumbs up for
Ally's effort right now is the
low-quality one queued up just in case
and if this one fails I port Danny's
over here having you knows what he's
having problems with his gimbal and be
like my dog like Marley Oh is constantly
looking so we were having a great grand
old time for vlogs but it's gonna be fun
because we're gonna go to our our palace
called B&H photo only so I'm glad you're
comfortable thanks
finally it finally worked I am not
kidding you I compressed it three
different times for it or four different
times so it was like a 26 minute
compression 27 minute compression 29
minute compression about and then this
last one was in 49 minutes yeah finally
compress after all that there's a lot
that goes into this and just a lot of
chaos or comes into play when it comes
to
editing and all that jazz and now I'm
finally getting it onto the computer
sorry for the late vlog sometimes this
whole job makes me so crazy but I love
it so much
but it gets really scary when you have
like a schedule that you're trying to
stay on and then it doesn't work out the
way that you want it to you get a living
fatty that is
it's kind of cool to see our faces in
the middle of Times Square like that
good little slow-mo through New York
slow motion I just gonna walk behind
when you guys start watching the second
time that I've had my face or we've had
our faces on like a Times Square
billboard like that and I have to say
it's still very humbling and still very
very amazing to be like Chris like that
was like ten years ago
I came to New York City for my first
time and I always thought it'd be the
coolest thing to be on a billboard and
now to have that opportunity is freakin
amazing
I know what else is kind of weird or
interesting is that when I first came
here look all these billboards were
actual billboards like kind of like this
and now majority if not all of them are
like screams
that's what's kind of interesting about
New York in the technology Aggies you
say if you go looking at olds like New
York photos do you remember that day one
of these used to all just be billboards
and that's dream
I'm just kidding it's the forties you
don't remember that no I'm just actually
don't I feel like literally ten years
ago it was like that I mean I was here
ten years ago I don't remember that
there were some screens that there
weren't a lot of spirits
I want to get a glimpse of what it would
be like in the photo booth of Kalin hell
these flowers look killing you look so
beautiful you're so pretty hey now you
gotta hold this up now you got oh I got
a little something so get over there
turn it up don't eat those oh you're
still picks you perfect looks to you
screw you
one thing I love about this freakin
theater is watch I think there's a
little bit oh by the way that was Danny
messing around with the camera the audio
what's going on I'm just trying to talk
to the Internet perfect timing so every
time it's like driving over the last
note thing sound good yeah yeah it's got
a company show you'll see we're talking
about travel night battle for the last
note it turns out I win every time call
it was practice
ready there we go
right I think Frankie was patient zero
everyone's been kind of getting sickly
no way to patient zero Travis was
patient zero
um so I'm not actually feeling to a
tip-top right now I am drinking some
Pedialyte meant for babies a hydrogen to
hydrate me at some emergency inside it
so it's probably taste absolutely
freakin disgusting baby it's the worst
time to get sick too because the wedding
was like 13 days great time you're
getting sick now in that little that's a
good point I'd rather get sick way in
advance phrases just before the wedding
like touch you I do right I'd you look
at this look at Duncan it's okay
yes we are going to go get the wedding
dress altered not really I guess would
be altered attempt because the load too
long at the bottom I finally in my shoes
most asked at her dress and altered hand
so we both getting our just lift where
you have to do it now because we don't
have the more time you know what I think
I should write a book on how to create a
wedding when you're a major
procrastinator also was kind enough to
introduce me to a lovely lady who has
worked with her in the past
when she did all her pageants right and
she is gonna help me up today so we can
get the dress hemmed and then hopefully
everything will be done and I don't
worry about anything else regarding the
dress that will be wonderful my heart
will explode none of you guys have seen
the movie I am Legend but this is where
Will Smith was hitting the golf balls in
the water
I believe it's off that black that black
playing right there yeah Frankie who saw
cooler ships yet our bear planes
yesterday
this is one thing that's cool that they
obviously plays this theater has
Playstations you can play
can you play them them this ended
screenshot video I guess you can't play
I still want a cow named to Simon Callow
maybe that's why I should tell Charles I
want for my birthday else is getting
hurt no spin it and it looks incredible
you're gorgeous so burning yeah you go
girl
we're all can have trains at the wedding
which is kind of fun I wanted my mom
this is your 14th text and you know what
I love report you know every time
Charles says he's like I don't do that
he does it not we know who gets it from
like you were saying earlier Melissa I
feel a golf trip I feel like complete
crap right now it's so I'm gonna go take
a shower
hopefully that makes me feel a little
bit better then maybe take a nap before
the show because if I'm gonna get sick
I'd rather it happen now and not closer
to everything but it sucks cuz of all
the cities that we're playing New York
City is one my favorite to visit and I
can't go and walk around and do anything
so I'm genuinely bump right now by the
way don't you be stubborn
eat your food come on oh we took her so
did you're being such a brat man why'd
you turn today was awesome successful
Melissa got her dress thanks I have a
few things that need to be done when I
went to Henry's they weren't able to fix
the bottom yet because I didn't have my
shoes it just makes sense it's
rightfully so melissa has this amazing
woman who is going to take it up a
little bit because it's so long that
I've trip and fall and hurt myself I
don't do really bad super dramatic you
don't want that to happen
Caitlin was helping me earlier and we
were trying to get everything set out on
the table
for the wedding so that it's all
organized and ready in that when you
know the time comes to utilize this or
put it in certain spots
on the actual photo booth we've got it
all it was a nice I'm glad she came over
because Kalin is much more organized
than I am
it's one of my downfalls but you know
I'm learning portfolio really broke this
I think it's time that we get a new one
but but one of our good friends Thomas
he's a pretty popular musician and
talented always brings us the flash
paper that we always like light and just
go throw through the bus this time he
gave us a new contraption and Frankie's
gonna show you that is awesome
that's scared away oh that's
embarrassing
that's embarrassing I'll go look at it
hello I didn't do the pen I don't think
it's bad we have a flamethrower oh
we need that needs to be packed in there
we need a way to go Frankie there's a
spoon right there your spoon
here's get out you're in everything name
everything bagel you're gonna want this
on the stage from now on this is how
you're gonna signal when we're at the
last song okay guys wait Frankie let's
stay away from that one big reveal
smooth now I think you're gonna come up
this house like why'd you get so close
to yeah it was really close to mother
going stage right now each other as a
way to prop each other up right now to
char and I found out that he's very sick
so I'm a little bit worried I feel
really bad for him I just want him to
rest up and you know take it easy and I
know it's hard to do that when you know
you're on tour and you're you're just
play every night guys if do you see him
I say stay away just a little bit so you
don't get sick but also please like keep
him in your prayers and pray that he
gets better because I know being sick
just sucks and it just takes so much out
of you so try if you're watching I love
you so much I hope you feel better
mid-set right now how do I feel like I
almost sometimes like I was spinning
around and just my nose my body just
feels like you're very achy right now
but I'm not letting that get to me right
now because I refused the show always
has to go on I've never ever given up
midway through a show like this and I
won't it's an amazing show there's like
almost 2000 people out there I'm gonna
grab this towel
don't tell me once had thousands of
people now an empty empty room to have
fun it was a fun show yeah fun she had
fun look I'm a smurf
this show was freaking amazing I say
this a lot but like today show was
probably my favorite so far the tour it
was just so loud I don't
they knew I got on camera but if any of
you guys watch the show I'll just keep
breathing I literally jumped probably
higher than I hit on the down course and
I read as a result my back is freaking
messed up on top I'm not feeling too
good
but she'll must go on I definitely
didn't let that deter me from playing a
fun show which I don't think I did if
you guys came to the show I'm still
Smurfs look at send me of the videos
tweet them to me Hallie's probably have
enough freaking between a ball look at
that spinner got some spinners on that
garbage truck go go spin it okay getting
out of Times Square is gonna be fine
oh no all right guys well I am going to
go to bed right now I feel a complete
crap the show was awesome and getting
like I don't know I do any one's
watching this video just can't let
crappy make crappy like this thank
you like ruin your fun night so tonight
was kind of rough for me I don't feel
good I'm gonna go to bed really freaking
early now the show was amazing all of
you guys came out to show we're freaking
crazy awesome I'm glad I got to meet a
bunch of guys still on the bus right now
I will see you guys tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe and I love you guys
bye
that's new I said oh yes I do bye guys
