sixteen days until then 16 days guys
till the wedding
so I just double checked my bag and I
guess a little baby booty in it it was
in my bag I could be le as he wants it
hey buddy hi oh really you wanna sing
for over Charles hey Internet
hopefully this makes it to you for some
reason last night I mean yesterday was a
complete crap show dropping his phone in
the affliction pond and then fishing it
out once they get back I went to go get
my computer and edit the video and for
some reason it's doing some weird thing
that I've never ever ever seen so I have
to go like 45 minutes to an hour to an
Apple store
hopefully I'm getting it fixed and not
having to buy a computer for the rest of
the tour
we're at though kind of pretty a little
tiny town and it reminds me of Europe to
be honest with you
ironically enough the uber driver I just
used was an ex Apple Genius employee I
tried to explain to him what happened I
honestly don't know what's gonna happen
today it's kind of like foreshadowing
sucks yesterday but I'm thinking I'm
keeping the boomerang effect and deposit
like working cuz this phone worked I'm
hoping this will get fixed otherwise
fairies for the rhythm destroy I've
actually never been to the mall this
freaking early it's like 10 a.m. I'm
expecting with these small walkers I
could my half a story so I have no idea
what happened he turned it on we end up
getting working computer is technically
working with one of the ports are
completely dead
the four courts headed by a hard drive
just in case' back everything outside it
lose everything but here's the issue
used all my data downloading
because I update for the same nature
so I have to go buy more SIM cards for
the video my day started off chaotic as
always I'm feeling good something
stirred everyday but I guess it's a good
thing it's better to be chaotic than
boring right kind of I started off and
had a few meetings this morning and had
a few errands that I had run so because
I was starting super early I was doing a
computer with me obviously I had to
upload the blog but I had major issues
everywhere I went
even Starbucks of all places could not
upload anywhere so I had a rush home and
finally takes like two minutes here for
it to upload crazy stupid I know now
that that's going I feel like since the
calmness is kind of coming over me and I
am going to eat some lunch and work on a
few things regarding the wedding well I
am all set now I got a new SD card or a
SIM card for my hotspot I didn't realize
originally what I had was I had like
four or five SIM cards on my one account
so I would just swap them out because
they didn't have the availability
haven't unlimited data but apparently
they do now so I just loaded up the SIM
card with like unlimited data it's kind
of expensive but I think it's gonna
worth it because I want to make sure
these vlogs are always obviously up
because you got to do what I got to do
and I'm walking down to the end of the
parking lot right now because probably
wondering what I'm doing because this is
the first time in this tour that I've
seen snow even though it's disgusting as
hell it's still snow to me there she is
I see snow she's a ladder down there I
don't think there's any amount of money
they give me to go into like a sewer or
something like that if you had the
chance to go in like a New York City
sewer or something like that one of
those big sewers that's the tiny
crawling space ones for like the big
ones like big Ninja Turtles would you
actually do it I think I would I say
that now but I feel like I might the
opportunity came present like that
this is gonna be kind of weird to say
but I want to get back quick so I can
shoot that intro with a drone that I've
been doing the whole tour you already
saw but I'm just saying now because I
haven't shot it we would say that now
I'll complete the order right now
could you yourself be kind of miserable
because you know so funny and like even
though he's in the band I feel like I
don't actually get to listen to them as
much as I want to I feel like most of
the time when I listen to me the kinks
it's when they're on tour which is
absolutely ridiculous I should listen to
them more often I'm gonna walk by the
water then I'm gonna go to the gym
because fresh air will do me good
it's kind of it's finally stopped
raining after a whole day of
disgustingness Charles has been calling
me consistently throughout the day and
telling me that it's been kind of crappy
where he's at so Vegas is happening
everywhere but I'm gonna go walk by the
water get some fresh air and then I'm
gonna go to the gym and then I'm gonna
go home no I think I'm just losing my
mind there's a brand new venue this
place is amazing
completely freaking awesome every single
show I think every show has been selling
out where's the Harmony collection why
came inside
you guys know better sponsors be the
king since 10 responses we the Kings and
the one I went and just bought but
instead they sent me this a looming
white one so this is my new base they
got two bases for this store it looks so
good the lights making a little blue but
it's where it's white pair so now you
guys can see a better life so stoked
which do you like better Callie you like
the white one you get they open it you
didn't wait for me I like I looks like a
green the pig guards like agreements
yeah what was it they complement each
other really it's like that's white and
that's green and it's white and that's
where as I said that's green and that's
white and that's white in that screen
yeah it's like a nice little invert like
that I went with the rosewood on that
one got the maple on that one so you
guys could tell Thank You fender
so I just had the most fabulous run ever
it's perfect
Oh perfect oh I know that whenever I get
stressed out really overwhelmed I feel
like I've been talking about this every
day but it has been like a really big
change for me this whole stressful and
anxiety filled side of me I'm not quite
used to it yet and I think it's all
going to dissipate soon after the
wedding's done I think I'll feel a lot
more normal and a lot better about
things but whenever I get stressed I get
overwhelmed
I've noticed that Thank You Walker being
with the dogs or think for round-up of
the water has really decreased my stress
a lot plus being outside is so much
better than being inside of the gym I
think advantage of that for short weird
it got all muggy very very quickly I
think I'm gonna go you guys saw the
beach with the drone by the way okay so
just to give you a perspective on those
drone shots I shot it from here and the
beach is way down there it's like
roughly 4,000 feet and it actually went
there and came back without crashing
actually proud of myself I'm actually
doing pretty decent at this thing
I think I would ever think of walking
the beach this is one thing about tour
that I always kind of forget until I'm
actually on the road is that you got to
make sure to keep doing some things
every single day otherwise things get
really really redundant Club tours are a
lot better than Warped Tour I think
because Warped Tour you're just
traveling from parking lot to parking
lot and there's really no difference I
mean there's a slight difference if you
know what I mean
well like Club tours and venue tours are
a little bit better because you get to
see a little bit more like cities if you
if you walk around but touring in the
winter from Florida it's rough luckily
I've got some better jackets now I'm not
just in hoodies I've been made fun of
enough from you guys they've frozen my
ass off enough to realize I should not
be doing that anymore Doug
I'm mrs. om Arlene diesel also I miss my
future wife obviously cheating which how
many days until the wedding how many
days until March 11 2017 16 days guys
till the wedding I am so freaking
excited it's gonna be beautiful and I
can't wait to see Allie and her wedding
dress I know she's gonna look like a
frickin bombshell it's gonna be awesome
what is that
you know what just reminds me of if you
guys have ever seen the TV show mr.
robot kind of reminds me of I think
that's Coney Island or that shows based
in but for some reason the boardwalk in
New Jersey always reminds me of that
cameras having a hard time focusing
because of all the smog or whatever that
is I thought it'd be kind of nice to
come down the beach or fly the drone but
if I put this thing in the air you're
not gonna see anything and potentially
it's crashing it so I'm not gonna do
that kind of creepy how empty it is
right now
I'm the only one on this field I really
really really want to fly the drone so
bad right now what I don't want to risk
it and doing so well then I'm just
trying to fight I'm fighting myself not
to do it who's that oh this kind of
reminds me that one time in Australia
what are you relieving I was walking the
beach and all of a sudden wasn't paying
attention and the water came up and just
got a big soaking wet as I was talking
to the camera didn't want to remember
that this is the while I got this is
probably like four years ago probably
it's just so pretty though it couldn't
help but walk that's a bad one that's a
bad one that's a bad one I knew it good
all those pin motions
yep I know what I'm doing eventually
this is what I want to do for my house
let's play this one quit school for like
$7.50 for a half an hour
play all these promotions for free well
it's in particular
this is cool sue their John's one all
right you guys out
I love pinball but I cannot play these
old ones I get so bored I know I'm
spoiled
part of the Addams Family this one looks
pretty freakin cool there's one of those
fancy ones at the LED screens instead of
those little major
I'm actually kind of surprised they
don't actually have my cinnamon which is
good because if they actually had it
here I replied he's playing that and I
can just go all
probably better they don't have it you
know it is the best pinball machine that
I've ever played holy Sh I used to love
this game used to what you should do is
it used to give you baseball cards I
remember this game this game was so fun
yeah Grand Slam did I give me cards
though that sucks this is really a
blaster capacity right now faces been so
much money on this
I think they had a home version of that
little tiny travel experiment I have
that as well yeah that's - no jokes good
at this one all right how do I come in
EMS come on how does it start
come on seriously they give my name in
there but I'm number two on the stand
damn it
at least I know and you guys know that
number number two on here see I was kind
of talking about earlier in this like
walk is that you got it sometimes just
venture off even if it's by yourself and
just see what's around you and that's
that's a perfect example that was a
retro arcade that just had pinball and
just random like our Kaede games just
right there for free it was like seven
bucks and I just played there for an
hour I should probably go to the show
now we didn't have a show I probably
they're all freaking night that was fun
that was a lot of fun it's kind of like
Ally's walking with me right now look
you can walk like right next to me well
I'll walk this way bed with walk this
way I do have a show I'm actually
walking back to the show got distracted
hey let me see the pups I haven't seen
the pups there's Marley hey mom are she
doesn't care
Marley cookies Zoey there's dingdong
Zoey
hey says Oh diesel hey mr. d mr. Deedle
Marley just wants food shouldn't care
this you can hear me hey Zoey
you know what's for dinner tonight
stuffed peppers you know what I do while
I'm waiting for stuffed peppers to cook
and the Thwaites next my one thing that
I love to do is when I'm waiting for
something or I'm in the middle of
something or let's just say I'm watching
linka show or something I love to pick
up weights and do that and that's not
good yeah
you're not that exciting but it's worth
it because I'm have big muscle
what kind of big muscles I have like
scrawny arms no matter what I do I have
pretty strong arms I like had an issue
figuring out how to cook for one person
as silly as this sounds says Charles
hasn't been here coz I'm so used to
cooking for two so I'm learning how to
as strange as it sounds like I'm
learning all over how to cook for one
person which kind of makes me a little
bit sad it's not depressing but it's
kind of sad no I'm only cooking for one
person and it's just so weird so I've
been trying to convince my mom my sister
to come over so that I don't have to to
just cook for one person but tonight
it's gonna be a single person dinner for
one well not really single you know
engaged person by herself single dinner
if that makes them call you make sure
you look good you know I try to check
every time Conor already looks good
every day if you try to look good and
whatever we can't you feel good you feel
good yeah definitely presentable
I could probably put on some quick show
I take showers frequent just run in air
shower then run back out there play the
last part is jeans oh so what we're
gonna do is when we come back out on
stage we're gonna do a different like
ah
another sold-out show I got to do my
nightly thing and call this beautiful
alley hey sweetie you're sleepy
look at you you tired no no you see
those beautiful eyes the creepy you have
a good night you out of it
by the pups all surrounding you right
now I think I see him Marley but you
want to say goodnight to the Internet
want to open your eyes and stay
connected
sure just got over I love you
