good morning Internet I have to show you
something pretty cool getting this
discovered apparently we can see the
side of the bus is that the right or
left side their lesson that's the driver
right there right there another camera
angle that's pretty sweet you broke it
going okay forget you can either watch
the side of the bus or you can watch
this why is the flavor get on it where I
can sort of works in front of a bus yeah
morning guys again over words shooting
something right now for Travis and he
needs my professional drone piloting I
say that obviously severe sarcasms which
you guys all know i suck at playing
actually I don't suck it suck it slam in
Santa it's actually pretty good at
flying 7mi big Frankie confirming I'm
going I'm going used to look
we're shooting some brain a fat rod
since when filling he's gonna be Rocky I
think that's going on I don't know
hey right I did miss the walmart stop it
the damn they'll find out later did it
get it is
did ya get out of dinner dear come on
Rach I'll an Internet it's the afternoon
and i just got done filming on my
channel not really sure why I have this
playing in my voice right now but I felt
it was fitting and now I'm kind of
regretting it because I'm filming a
video on my channel about like wedding
prep and all these questions that you
guys might have hopefully helps out
right now I need to sit down and I need
to organize the list of people that are
going to be coming to the wedding so
that we can get our tables and our
chairs and all that fun jazz ordered put
a wedding just three weeks out and we
have to start narrowing that down and
then I have to start working on the
photo booth and I think what i'm going
to do today is I'm gonna go look and see
if i can find items that will be really
good for the photo booth because I like
I told you before we're trying to do a
lot of like DIY stuff and I'm really
excited about it I don't realize how
much we're looking to go into if there's
a lot of work that goes into this photo
booth yeah I think I feel like I should
this woke up at 6am but I missed
everything should get some flowers for
the bus maybe i don't know like number
one I have to find it because my neck
every time I wake up it's like that
can't stand it hurts so freaking bag
calling what you need some paint on the
paint the bus we try to do like a
painting your canvas while the bus is
moving at be kind of a fun little
challenge this is the fun part work okay
so she just said 54 either half up half
down or philly up we do like almost like
youth they do like a little mimosa bar
awesome new picture me really quick oh
yeah
I think I kind of like this idea and if
anything i could get these and then use
it for the wedding and use it in this
bit of this area so we are playing at
the fillmore this evening and again the
show is sold out which is high five guys
on the count of three we're going to
high-five to screen one two three
virtual hyper I was really the key
things issue is DJ Snickers going on
right now like legit looking nice you
see we the kings over there oh I like
are you like I don't want to touch it
magic Frankie I don't take a quest no
good for you I think your album can
resistance is the American flag when you
get close it's clever because they're
not quite white in everything like this
is so shade but here we go through
distance we go back here guys I'll show
you exactly what I mean party cool thing
yeah that's so clever thus queens of the
stone age right there yes four to the
left is we the kings
Auriemma okay whiskey could be up there
they're red oh you didn't know that why
you didn't know that oh wow really
that's the first thing i noticed that's
actually really cool that's clever I
know I made it what I was doing here the
whole time I painted that as well I
didn't really busy today's actually
today I'm weaning down on medication so
now I have to take one of these dilantin
things in the lamictal I only have to do
once a day and this is actually one too
many stuff to put that back so right now
that's all I have to take if you've been
watching these videos for a long time
ago I hesitate like it feels like 20 of
them at once or something like that
remember to pick all those stills chest
that's all I have to do now so it is not
what I like two eggs one roll them right
now what is this progress one thing I
never thought I'd say is that a kind of
niche work for me not because we were
walked or we had a shell on blood but
now this is kind of a club tour we
usually Bank on the fact that then you
have showers but some of them do not so
this becomes my shower is embarrassing
as that cheap it's the only way to do it
sometime
looks like a Pedro go ahead hope he
hasn't been enjoying these tour videos
because honestly really want my third
one is the kind of thing I never thought
I'd be able to spew my prayer list but
he was told me like 10 years ago I'd be
soon my day every single day to put it
online as well as being in a technically
platinum-selling man taking a shower to
think that that's going out well
everything else just totally awesome how
it is probably never believed you know I
definitely believe tour videos I wanna
hear one because because I'm living my
dream I feel like it's kind of a
testament never giving up so let's might
have liked you because I hope this house
inspiring some people should never give
up and never succumb to people with
pressures negativity or that you can
accomplish your dream no matter what
they are as long as the blog is your
positive and you're not hurting one I
don't care what it is ugly as long as it
makes you happy and you're not hurting
anyone they are the very tedious job of
reaching out to the individuals that
have yet to respond to the wedding which
tends to happen a lot I can remember
when my Stewart's getting married and
they had a huge list of people that they
had invited to their wedding and a good
portion of them didn't respond not
because they're being disrespectful or
being rude but more because sometimes
you say that in my relatively early and
then they kind of get lost and the mix
of things so people tend to forget like
for instance my older sister she's
actually in the wedding is super got to
Center and buy back with including my
nephews and things of that sort so it
happens I mean to have a goal of time
but getting a hold of everyone tends to
be a very tedious job and very
time-consuming so I was working on that
today now I'm just getting all the final
touches done and I'm feeling a sense of
calmness which is wonderful because i
really really need it
so this is our piles of yeses these are
our piles of knows right now we still
have a ton more yes as that responded
that are not here right now but I've
gotten everything done that's here we've
got all this done i got all this figured
out about all the other people that are
having a responder sentiment I we're
still contacting them is only a few left
that we haven't reached I'm feeling
better that's another thing knocked off
the list you know I'm noticing is that
there are a tremendous amount of balloon
under this overpass which is so shame I
don't know with a lot of you guys know
what balloons are often used for and
change situations like this but there
are literally like this entire thing in
fullerton balloon creeping me out ah
good testing when I don't think we have
that we need that one work it was the
crowd like who's gonna get by the way
and the line is now forming go aboard
and is the poster next door this type of
arcade
sometimes it's always cracked me up when
you try to do something at like a place
like an arcade or the best part is when
you see it as I can Air Force but that's
the only thing that we completely
dragged out if you keep a new screen of
death at an airport I'll take you over
all the flight information like I said
everyone is kind of everywhere else and
I by pinch it off in solid actual arcade
so naturally i'm here to experiment on
this one so immediately the side of his
devotion to that break this game all
games are broken hello
I thought those tonight in the game
that's right now
weird we're dead
stupid double king of ping pong balls
you absolutely nothing okay so
I'm pretty good at these games you guys
to see me do this about it another time
actually you do it I've never done this
sorry
I don't like he defeated am I come on
come on come back on before oh ok holy
 I did you get jackpot I just
launched the game hold this sauce is all
those years in college playing beer pong
huh yeah it's been a long path of a
hurricane I used to be pretty good at
this
come on come on none of those seriously
though all right that's worth a dollar
not really Louise I feel like I got
something hi guys want some gummy bear
yes super dick yeah they're good
santanico
became the champion I was growing up
again
oh my god I'm so close that's how they
gave me
the game I got another jackpot I got
something ticket it's taking forever the
kitchen I don't know what it is without
this game is clear type 1 jackpot in
this game it's still not done counting
the store when you got the jackpot and
move ha Baker's we got real money yeah I
was going to get this big place where I
got that one and I got that one jackpot
cloud Kingdom yeah I know for the
biggest I was hoping that was old stack
of ticket sounds cool still counting oh
no
it was a
Oh
what just happened exactly turn off that
what just happened five gold record an
EP class every time we play anything
this is party the birthday is ever begin
a free much teasing other than NC
double-a football I have to play I don't
wanna talk on would be that way every
catching I got some kangoo jackpot I
beginning I lost my car I'm having a
good day that I thought what a video on
how to happen machine basically one of
these little things and what you got to
do is we can play it will pop down
middle down then you play the game this
missing work
that doesn't work not everything's be on
the internet work and now i'm going to
pass out in the open it all I know all
rights on the winner I got a dog and I
got a whoopee cushion and then I had
like 1800 and I have 600 left and
there's a little kid who didn't have
enough for his where it's getting like
six to 1030
I honestly can't believe I just won I'm
sorry exactly organ I think I'm gonna
give this to Frankie I think you've got
the most fun with it I'm going to take
this for the club Oh indication that
went to the arcade will you live
oh my god I got that for you yeah I
figures you have a lot of fun with that
business is then I was the one a little
dog and then in one like 2,000 some
piglets in that movie yet yeah and they
gave a kids like six or seven hundred
wicked okay i want three jack up and a
deep jurassic park this week and its use
an aspirin no I'm a sensation when
everyone stop garba it's carlos me oh
yeah that's really changed it going move
on how it worked I thought you have a
lot of fun on toilet thank you gonna
take the church thank you 1 2 500 600
because everyone like 630 6 3 twin will
only a used f-150 5 800
honey for show you let that get MP than
just keeping subject 800 huh what black
I'm just kidding Frank you can come
that's ok up kidding you can really come
not really hey in the have a baby
 me I see mother back yeah uncle my
bro you got friday you got I don't know
Liliana
they're amazing sold-out show i'm going
to call Ali or facetime alley zach has
been killing it lately and I just want
to say good night you guys hope you
enjoyed today's video I would have a
lease that unites with me Wi-Fi is
working you got a little mud on your
face college you've got mother with it
well nice muggy out there yeah you do
have a go at the end hi guys well I just
want to say good night Ali wants to say
goodnight we both love you guys don't
forget to subscribe say some do you want
to say to of it we want satyam come on
men I connection why I quit huh yes what
hi guys we'll see them off bye
in
