good morning everyone we are in
Cincinnati Ohio as you probably noticed
Frankie and I I don't know maybe I can
try that one word good morning Internet
we are in Cincinnati Ohio we're playing
I don't know it doesn't sing it on her
pass but we're in Cincinnati Ohio
Oh Frank he's not listening he's got a
friend there's Colin I have to run to
get some necessities because
unfortunately we don't have a
unfortunately we don't have a shower on
this bus so we have to do things a
little bit more rough I guess you could
say so I need to get a lot of
conditioning stuff some dry shampoo
careful watch the bus there is so
freakin another just kind of walking
around getting some cool shots and just
seeing the city as much as we can it's
not it's not as warm as it was
definitely yesterday and Nashville mess
and rainy in Florida for us right I'm on
my way to go and get my hair fixed for
the last time before the wedding so as
many of you know I was trying out
tension trying out these just like a few
little piece of extensions in the front
of my hair to see if I liked it if it's
annoying for me if it held a curl well
enough things of that sort
and it seemed to work very well I'm
pleasantly surprised with the out
of the extensions I think I have too
many in my hair right now because it's
kind of like popping through I it's so
funny when I film I see a few scenes
where it's like popping out I look
ridiculous so I think I'm gonna take a
few out I'm still time to waiting though
if I'm gonna have them in for the
wedding so my friend Kelly it's gonna
help me out and we're gonna figure out
if this is gonna work or not I can't
believe it wedding is through swaying
and all the little final touches are
coming into play it's pretty Whateley
little creepy Callie looks it's so
creepy
oh there goes I could see him through
the entire bus I swear it said it
how's that Charles right there nope
still not it
oh it's puddles no who's it come on
there we are I knew it
see I wasn't lying I wasn't lying there
they're young you can also just how fast
is fancy look at that fancy stuff look
at it appreciate it when did you get
that fun you had at the camping trip
right yeah that's brand-new yeah I used
to have the Ronin M yeah Thai
fighter blimey it's still intrusive as
hell but yeah practical and gold chains
or not the order two more we're about to
melt them down and grill em up for a
tease cuz I want mine to be smaller than
this one so you
that's probably 16 no no this is 24 so
that's correct when T I never see myself
a gold chain that's real gold mining
yeah does it work with me yeah got it
from my stuff and it's useful to a duck
he can rock it there's all that
confidence and I don't have the
confidence so I feel like a completely
different person
come here and check out all the
extensions and we're gonna put a few in
next week and for all of you all of you
guys out there probably like this is the
most boring thing in the entire world
hearing about your extensions we don't
care about your extensions I totally get
it
I really do I totally get it my hair
feels so different and so light it's
kind of freaking me out I feel like I
have no hair now just because something
unfortunately comes out with the
extensions but I'm very happy that I did
it may be that I took the plunge to try
and
change something up and do something a
little bit extra for myself because I
don't ever do that but Wednesday they're
getting put back in so tell me if you
guys can actually see a difference from
now to then right here
it's really awesome actually this is
obviously theater this is a theater okay
thank you to the stage a spinal tap oh
can you can you kick that kick the door
down in the kid get it like an antique
theater we're just kicking doors down by
the way guys this bass sounds freaking
phenomenal I'm loving it
that's night thanks I just realized that
I still have the flowers that Charles
got for me for Valentine's Day but he
got him for me about like three or four
days before Valentine's Day and look how
disgusting that looks I've been on the
road a lot so I haven't really paid
attention to the fact that they were
dead but yes they're very very dead so I
decided to replace them and thank God
for Publix because Publix always has the
coolest prettiest little flower so I'm
gonna go ahead and utilize that right
now and some these bad boys right into
the trash
you've got the two day you're out
probably the worst thing in the world is
like stale nasty flower water for those
of you who know what I'm talking about
I'm so sorry you have to experience nice
I am actually meeting up with Melissa
and we're gonna do a girls night we've
been doing that a lot recently with each
other and I really love it for those of
you who know Melissa which I'm sure most
of you do you know how pleasant and
uplifting she is to be around so since
I've been really stressed out lately
it's been such a breath of fresh air to
have her around and have her you know by
myself opposed and all honesty I don't
know my stress has just been pretty
crazy lately
needs him I need some good vibes around
me and she definitely breaks a good vibe
so tonight
girls night sister night that's what
we're doing he codes like they're
getting ready for the manager I just
love the fact when you would like get a
guy and you wanted a computer the second
is going slam landing right now around
good DK mode the game GE and chips in
their eyes 30 button I should be yeah
just boom rusted oh good man I said
check out
hey be honest I don't know what I
pressed so pretty play for you yeah I
know Travis plays like he's when I first
play because I gotta play this game
you remember that one time with Travis -
yes Showtime day two at or Cincinnati
Ohio kids give me an awesome show I'm
not watching the boat drinking
what you're gonna promote it no that's
why I said I'm not the one from o-genki
but this whiskey is the only things
you're promoting a drinking no I'm
saying if you're and it's not what's
exact science and you try Sokoli
you have the camera on didn't you turn
the lights on for a cargo oh yeah
that's the theater oh we did come
through this way but there was stuff no
we're all us yeah oh sorry I did manage
to the stage exit to lobby and
restaurant
this is literally spinal tap now look
like when the generation shops okay
where's the phone
I'm just going into it here we go what
would they do
you guys back at the case now I'm seeing
through the show we plan right now so
far this is going really
it's sold out already so I'm telling you
guys if you want to go to this show
buy your tickets now they're selling out
is awesome
tap it out it's me fondant station boy
you can make it you got this you got
this
you got this buddy nice catch
I like how you're not so long we caught
that too you know you know deep down you
freaked out right now I got it
that was a good show you know how to
rock that rock but barely seen
Cincinnati right dunk tomorrow see you
sweetie excuse me sir sir sir sir what
that's mine no no Mexico Lee's gonna
take Chico like Jesus what's such a blur
all this now we see what sexiness going
on how's it feeling finally back to
normal it's not as crazy as it usually
is I know how boring it is when I'm
cleaning the house but gotta do it I
feel like every time that I feed the
dogs I always want to fill in and show
you guys how crazy it is to to literally
sit these dogs down and feed them Zoe is
a totally different dog it's like this
this mama bear defending her cubs comes
out in the Cubs it's the food diesel and
Marlee know to back away from Zoe when
I'm actually preparing their food I try
and get her to sit down and be calm but
teeth older and I'm just letting her be
the way that she is you guys want to see
what I'm doing for dinner because I
cannot be like cooking handy-dandy sushi
from Publix yum yum yum yum yum
sometimes you just don't want to cook
and today is that day for me
something so comfortable and so inviting
about a clean house I love it makes my
heart all warm and tingly but I'm gonna
get dinner really quick and then I gotta
get ready because Mullen I are gonna
have sister name breaking give me a best
Kings of Leon
and it's Kelly Kapowski it's basically
from head to toe but it's very much wow
you look incredible that's you girl
that's you you look amazeballs
what do we like the matrix do it like
the matrix do it like the matrix listen
I riding this discussion earlier how
whenever we're together even more knots
again we're just talking to each other
weird is like the best wingwoman I'm a
matchmaker she see me she'll treat me so
unfortunately we don't have a shower on
the bus and we don't have enough time to
take a shower so I just found it
come here David Hasselhoff so good
I'm this note I will see you guys
tomorrow as always we're going to be in
Cincinnati and we're in Cincinnati that
will be no Alaska Duncan's only when I
wall by to me you know we'll be in
Baltimore tomorrow so I will see you
guys tomorrow we'll have a great night
goodbye you gotta go before traffic
starts getting naked again
so guys
