morning guys it is moving day getting
all our stuff moving to the bus wherever
that might be you get all this stuff
into the trailer on the bus
look at that he-man over there both of
them hello
although Cullen's just so calm about
everything Hales going my name is Colin
it's like 4:30 in the morning we are
heading out my flight so now Melissa got
her entire life in that one bag and my
entire life in that one back this bag
was no help whatsoever I mean your
luggage home away from home
time to go claim some stuff I thought we
didn't have a slide out oh that's why I
had to slide on out I like the color
oh we got a door oh we got a door
to my spot like I always do
there we go so basically as always I
just put it right on this thing that I
have a nice beautiful entertainment
system nice I guess wouldn't say nice I
mean decent yeah taller possible problem
is to I
we just noticed that all the plugs are
by our feet which is going to be real
problematic and this too were we got a
cat5 cable so every four speeds of
unthinkable proportions on a tour bus
a 3-game which I need to do the Wi-Fi so
Danny one did this whole tour now I got
to make sure to do it got this is what
the kitchen looks like hugely big hugely
big guys that's a word now here's the
key thing right here full fridge and
Danny there we go usually goes to here
but now it's a full freakin fridge
that's a huge bigger than one I think at
the house watch charles getting if it
was hot I would totally do it let's go
back to the bulk area Duncan's back I
really honestly like the fact that it's
all white because it makes it seem a lot
white more wide open so here's my bunk
look at this nice distressed door over
here really adds to the aesthetics check
this out
huge and quiet and then the best part
where how we turn the lights on
first off the lights are working
maybe what happened to Lex was over here
the SS there are oh that's awesome we
actually have a working window finally
working window get the pecked at the
lights aren't working cuz okay check
this out to HDMI direct outlet right
here so we can just watch TV usually we
can't do that it's a little fancy mirror
it's definitely the little thing
specially when you're on a bus I got
I've already compensated this area for
myself I'm stoked this is like one of
the best buses I've ever been on
it's nice super freakin nice oh by the
way I figured out the lights you got a
hold em long-press wait short press to
get them off long press to get them on
who knew freaking magic Frank he's
freaking me out right now with his drone
look is the wind I'm so free to win
so this is actually gonna be the first
time I think we the Kings has actually
played it's called the exit in in
Nashville the cool venue I like it I
need your finds over that no station
there we are okay now I gotta go see if
I can find some food pizza like others
competing B to change it their power the
subway
I don't want to do that day beautiful
you know no you know you look beautiful
he's so beautiful on e so sexy you got
your wedding dress
that's scary
like what about somebody stole the bag
to us they're never nice I really would
tell much comfortable if I can please
bring sign up the last plane no problem
because it's been lost so many times and
a second company distillery coincidence
is my wedding dress today can you please
let me take this on no wow you sure this
kicked RA that tooth look at you SS that
she's like so sweet and month ago
did she let you do it eventually
cuz you you're a real bitch is there a
huge bitch sir Danny okay alright we'll
go take a nap I love you I love you till
we get Frankie packing all the VIP
passes and you get a poster you get a
badge you get a beanie I might have to
steal one of these because I don't have
my beanies you know I think the bags of
clothes my butt okay that that's
actually really cool
so what do we get you get AB lanyard the
poster let me show you okay okay I'm
sorry Frankie
We The Kings 10 planet which comes with
your very own We The Kings 10 laminate
that also comes with your very own We
The Kings 1 beanie and a poster
that is a nice little grab-bag her swag
bag if you know it's gonna plot you get
a lot more than you know
yeah a lot of bands don't even give you
anything he needs I mean I heard just
Duncan I thought it's just I thought I
was this in the bag and I saw the
Beatles are yeah that's a pretty sick
beating it's a really nice
sexier than
we treat it we treat our fans awesome
you really did we make sure Danny wrote
this really funny intro and trav and I
are gonna try to record it right now for
the intro just that I can't show you
what it is so you have to just come to
the show but it's gonna be funny VIP
packages check check check
Frankie's personally packing him right
now check check check the script oh no
it's all business okay now I have a
speech out of that oh this is over okay
so like this idiot right here forgot his
face I'm sorry buddy came over in
Florida so I need to go buy another one
now I'm gonna do another place where you
go for a ride nobody wants to come for a
ride I wanna know it's all good
I have no friends in it close okay this
place closes in 30 minutes so we haven't
properly introduced everyone this is
Jordan and this is Frankie you're the
manager right of Astral a so they're on
tour the entire tour right - - Florida
Florida you know
anyway so you're probably see them in
the vlogs quite a lot so just want to
introduce them I had to tell them ahead
of time that there's a big creepy guy
walking around in the camera so yeah go
check out Astro lasso or just come to
the tour just come to the tour it's more
fun that way so the whole gangs back
together yeah it's crazy Marv there's
the crazy D and they're so oh my gosh I
have not logged at all today
uh excuse me excuse me events and y'all
you gotta stay in here yeah I didn't
even really sleep on the plane I was
just basically working on the vlog the
whole time
I'm catching up on emails so I got home
and I finish the vlog finished emails
picked up diesel the girls were still
with Marlene Charles mom I know puppy
food everybody get back get back how do
we get the dachshund food so I brought
diesel with me before the girls got home
I went to Pet Smart when I got up to Pet
Smart there was a guy that was sitting
outside and he was sitting there with
this dog and I just looked at him and
maybe I was like prejudging him a little
bit but I was like oh there's this guy
and he's just sitting with his dog and I
was like I mean my heart feel full but
it made my heart feel sad so I went into
Petsmart as in there for 25 minutes
don't ask me why came back out and he
was still sitting there I drove past and
looked and how many his dog looked a
little rough around the edges and a
little dirty and like they had they were
tired they looked tired I started
pulling out of the parking lot and then
I stopped myself because I started to
think like Ally you might be prejudging
them but you never know why don't you
turn back around and go inside and get
them some dog food some dog treats and
see if they need it because if anything
you could just give it to him as a gift
even if they don't need it if they do
and they do need eight you did the right
thing so the whole reason why I did this
whole thing was because my friend
Kristina she had a situation where she
was at the curse store the other day and
she uses her company card when she
travels to buy food and they said that
source and the company card declined and
she was just very nervous because that
was all she
on her at the time and the woman behind
her bought all of her food walked up to
her gave it to her no questions asked
said here you look like you're having a
bad day I hope that you have a better
day and that ranked through my heart
when I saw this guy I was like I don't
know what kind of date this guy's having
I don't know if he's found a good day
don't know if he's having a bad day I
don't know if he needs it I don't know
if he really is desperate for it I don't
know I went inside got him some dogs
we've gotten some dog treats brought it
out to him and coincidentally he needed
it and he thanked me so much and he said
how embarrassed he was he said you know
I lost my job about three weeks ago he's
like this is a story I'm sure that you
hear all the time but he's like I have
and I've been walking around all day
every day with my son trying to find a
job I just sent my son to the grocery
store to buy some food with ten dollars
that we had and I broke my heart and his
son walked up I saw him his son walked
up and it broke my heart and so I ended
up giving him $20 which is what I had on
me and I'll be honest I could have used
that $20 but I didn't need it as much
I'm not saying this he appraised but I
guess what I'm saying is it's so good to
be kind of and to give back because you
just never know the type of day
somebody's having and I sat there for a
second and I had a conversation with a
guy and his dog's name was Luna and she
was adorable and he just kept thanking
me so much just for being so kind he
wasn't saying they're begging anyone for
money he wasn't sitting there saying
like please help me nothing he was just
sitting there waiting for his son
because he had to sit outside and hold
his dog because its dog had a lot of
energy and I'm even said to him I said
I'm sorry if I'm being intrusive and
prejudging I said that's not my
intentions if I am please tell me I'm in
the wrong and he said he goes I'm very
embarrassed to admit it but you're not
wrong I need some help right now
and it made me feel so good coming back
from getting my dress and all the
wedding stuff and thinking about all
these things that are bothering me that
are really so stupid it really kind of
opened my eyes today that I am way
beyond blessed and that I seem to
recently I feel like I've taken it
Vantage of the fact that I am so blessed
and I have these opportunities and I
then I get the chance to do these
amazing things
to have a wedding and to be in this
house and to grab coffee every day and
rather than other people are living off
of next to nothing because they they
can't afford it so my whole rant is guys
let's go into this weekend let's go into
the rest of this month being kind and
giving back and I see so much negative
going on recently in my life with
friends on the internet social media and
let's just let's just try to be better
people and be kind of one another
because you never know what someone's
going through so that's what I'm trying
to push towards you guys know is very
long rant I know I'm not really great at
telling stories but I hope I got it
across I am running into a really
last-minute thing so I came over to
corner music over here in Nashville hope
that they can help me out because my
bass from Fender was supposed to be here
but right now it's kind of goofed up to
them the production line so these guys
said they had it and we're gonna hope
that they can help me out we have pays
guys to go to local shops so you know
that when I've got the bass for Hunter
Bergen if I got he asked me to take
those his bass bass is to him and when I
asked how he liked them he said they
were the most it was such a good base to
place so he went and told me to get one
myself
so definitely had to just such a nice
bass
the local shops and then as a great
friend because I'm totally a great
friend I went and got trav one of these
since it's gonna be a long tour for his
throat he's a little concerned with
doing like 20 songs or 8090
I'm just a good friend alright so we got
the base we are now good until something
else messes up which it won't so day one
I'll be completely honest right now a
little nervous because we didn't have
much time to actually the first was of
gentleman didn't really have that much
time to actually work through everything
so for me I'm not really 100%
comfortable yet how's it going brother I
don't smoke
sorry man I'm just hoping that I can get
this to sound really awesome I know the
songs but the thing is I don't 100% feel
confident if that makes any sense it'll
be a fun show no matter what I'm really
looking forward to it because it's
really nice to be back on the stage and
getting ready to play some songs and
meeting all of you guys because I can go
to VidCon I can go to playlist but it's
always so busy and it's really hard to
meet everyone on tour it's a lot easier
for me to walk around go into the actual
venue and say hi so I'm looking for that
- most people don't realize how
disgusting this is these goes directly
in your ears - form that's the inside of
my ear down so they go directly in and
as gross as that sounds earwax gets in
there and then just in concert so that's
what it is
we are so close right now to go in gold
I think we're like forty thousand away
from sad song going gold so go sad song
remix calm you can stream it on Spotify
you can buy the new remix it's with
olivia holt i believe is their name
cool
no we're Chico's and I'll wear Tommy
Hilfiger sure so it's up to you guys now
oh my god here it is if we go gold I'm
going chinko jeans girls will wear a
Tommy Hilfiger polo Travis will wear a
jersey and we're just like you know if
we go gold you have to wear fur boots or
which one's food fugu or an Adidas
jumpsuit that's what tribe has to wear
that's me give you the plaque but you
got to receive it wearing a FUBU Jersey
or enough Oh Allred Adidas tracksuit
tracks you know you would like that has
to eat pizza and like cheers and
celebrate because that's that fun
forever or elastic book club dude we're
trying to sell gold ribbons alright you
guys have my side what Travis has to do
like or where what's it gonna be you
guys have to decide yeah that's got to
come through me for proof for example I
can't be like you guys decided Charles
jumps off of building to his death I was
going back no it's the exit why are we
going in the exit it's it's a trick it's
exit and then it's not we're going lucky
as you exit well we
ready for the first show yeah too much
effort but you see she's going on the
exit nice and then but she's well then
I'll go on in the end although he's
going on the exit - all rights do this
get ready first show guys I gotta put
you away let me put you in Frankie's
little bag
Frankie's this your bag all right going
in the bag I'll see you guys later
day one of the tour first show we had
some hiccups but we knew it was gonna
happen
it was a fun freakin show it was so fun
look at Frankie's asleep go back to
sleep
I hope you enjoyed today's video make
sure to we're gonna be in Cincinnati
tomorrow
I'm just doing an awkward pause right
now to see Frankie opens his eyes your
weight now don't forget the question Shh
you want to say this double subscribe
hey guys tomorrow honey I love you and I
hope you're having a great day bye guys
three weeks until we get married
that's insane right there that's three
still get drunk Frankie doesn't drink he
doesn't drink and he said he's gonna get
drunk and drink at our weddings which I
feel honored about Indians I'm gonna rip
that dance floor
just wait this is why it's gonna
subscribe okay just wait no I can't wait
I cannot wait this is why you have to
subscribe I will see you guys tomorrow
fine
