good morning guys I have to go and get
my medication because things are gonna
start getting a little crazy on tour and
if I don't do it right now it's gonna be
a lot harder for me so I'm trying to
take you there I'm sorry about it but I
just actually got word that my
medication is going to cost me $850 $850
just for one month I really need to find
something different this is kind of
ridiculous look good morning Internet it
is still freezing cold out in Ohio today
so I have my quadruple layers on I know
I look like I'm like a macho man with
all my muscle but we are getting ready
to go grab coffee versa and then we are
heading over to Henry's to go toilet so
today we have to make sure we get every
song perfect cuz tomorrow is the show I
think we're all kind of a little nervous
right now all right oh I moved
there's weed behind me yeah
some fun yeah we just need them to get a
little close and scare them
hey yo Zack up here
I wasn't really gonna do it I just
wanted to scare you as close as possible
we're waiting on Chris and we're gonna
try on the dress I'm very nervous though
I don't know like that because I haven't
seen it and I want to make sure it's
like a nerve-wracking thing and it
shouldn't be but it is for me a little
bit especially my face is like that I'm
like yeah I look real pretty you can
wear a burlap okay I want all the wind
red Chablis once and I was like every
time I know like there's something wrong
with this fashion
she's gonna start like pinching herself
like gonna Melissa I got an adapter for
the bus and I realized I already had one
that backpack I just got it because I
was not thinking so Frankie and I came
back to Best Buy of course
hey we some gloves some grater gloves do
you think these will fit Duncan I love
their Bobby once you think you better
make him he's a little guy he cut his
fingers off he's a little a little chata
you know if that was Batman you chop off
fingers dude look at this there's a
drone of Star Wars you're gonna pet
robot monkey two dozen it won't rip your
face off
if you leave to pick inside the strings
some thought tuned very surreal for me
she looks beautiful and right now we're
trying to find it's like earrings and
head pieces things of that sort
eller no Vale Vale no Vale trying to
figure she has no shoes Hillary's
knowing I'm lucky enough to have Sherri
Hill creep a very custom beautiful dress
for me and I love it and I didn't really
know who Sherri Hill was I knew of her
but I didn't really know the extent of
how big she was in this pageant world
she let me know so look at this dress
we're just fall and beaded crystals
people dress lots of work went into that
and I love this one this is one I like
this one right here makes me want to be
princess Belle in blue in two fell in
blue I would totally be here
I remember I had okay here's another
beautiful thing I'll have to show to you
guys when we get we're gonna go grab an
uber and go to the mall I'm trying find
shoes hey I'm not done that yet but what
i'm gonna do is show you guys the custom
I have a custom number for my dress
because it's custom-made dress nobody
else will ever have that number and I
will always have that so I'm gonna bring
them when I get home what up guys tease
I'm on a mission for Charles your boy
I'm gonna go to Guitar Center and find a
base I'm gonna find the most lime green
bright pink neon orange and yellow pink
float like it's gonna be out of this
world we're gonna find him the coolest
space to rock on stage to start off this
tour tomorrow in Nashville so let's go
see what ridiculous items we can get for
Charles
all right we're closed
which one sticks out who the mint one
which one the red one hide that one I'm
gonna be honest he said to have fun with
my selection as long as it's a Fender
bass I think I'm gonna get this one
that's nice I like that color or the
white one what was pretty tight too mmm
Charles I gotta text it and figure out
which one or should I just outright
Surprise them
screw my choice I've got this baby right
here oh come on
all right never mind I know which one
I'm gonna get him gonna get him the
cello bass like cello you got a bass or
Danny has not had a real real drum
throne for the past couple tours we used
a throne that was used for his electric
drum set and stuff and so I feel really
bad so I'm gonna surprise Danny with a
nice comfy drum throne now just which
one would feel nice on his butt it's
like what if I have a different but in
the beginning gosh my level of comfort
is like his level of discomfort what you
just met all this one's nice though oh
my new Charles the white one I got Danny
a really really nice porky pie throne
nice and plush firm for the booty it's
all good Charles gonna rock out
Nashville tomorrow super stoked but the
guy offered to get me a brand new one
same color the white one in a box just
to be a little careful slash a little
nice when I present it to Chuck here you
go Chuck in the box open it like effing
Christmas oh yeah right a little fuzzy
thing on top I was gonna get Charles the
mint bass went ahead and went with the
white one the representative from Guitar
Center said it sounded gangster off the
wall so we're hoping Charles likes it I
also got Danny a nice new porcupine
snare homeboy from Guitar Center real
hooking it up ready for this but can I
get it can I get it ready
see that's 78 son I'm the best we do
best
just eMac and the alterations turn out
perfectly just so funny some minor
alterations that we didn't made other
parts that we thought we were gonna have
to alter fit perfectly so it couldn't be
more anime Singh and I'm a little I'm
nervous because I can't believe it
turned out so well
so Melissa really helps me out we're
gonna get you like jaw-dropping I feel
like people are gonna be surprised
because I think it's a little bit
different as water you were in expect me
to be in maybe
yeah a little bit what we're gonna do
now is we're gonna try and have some
dresses
yeah do you have an hour to kill alright
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god I'm not kidding
to single just saying she's single just
saying she's single I'm not creepy hands
just hands
so I completely forgot my other base so
Callie had to go get a temporary one
until fender since the new one nice I
think it's pretty nice Casey the guitar
holder and my beautiful wedding dress
thanks to Chris I'm so excited about it
let me find that light where's that
light up there it is and then Melissa
got herself one as well I don't know how
but I can't wait to show you guys this
beautiful dress on my wedding day I'm so
excited so excited thank you so much to
Henry's and then you too Chris thank you
- Josh thank you to everyone who helped
me out so much I can't wait to show you
guys here's the dilemma we're trying to
figure out how to get everything home we
have three big dresses two carry-on bags
25 jackets boots shoes I don't know what
we're gonna do we're gonna try and get
them into Melissa's karyam or if
anything maybe we can stick them in here
and put no I think there's gonna be
better put them in there this is gonna
be crazy
somehow we fit this in there there's
three dresses in there good job Melissa
and we're still gonna be able to fit
clothes in there - that's crazy
absolute favorite thing is with Travis
wears these glasses I mean these
headphones I should say - shut up shut
up Casey look you can see him sparkling
you need my life for my doll Sports get
it going Frankie
did you feel it you're filming my
recording drones they're the new RC cars
why would you just like I'm not kidding
guys when I say that we've been doing
this again for 12 hours let me just show
you kind of just roughly what we're
going through like we're going through
all these plus even more it's so so much
don't speak don't speak liar okay
where's that don't speak
hey beautiful how was your night no I'm
talking to you alright you go to bed and
get home oh shoot that was a step all
right I love you
that's really it is midnight we've been
doing this like I said yesterday we did
it 12 hours today we did it I think a
little over 12 hours my shoulder I think
I'm gonna up permanent like kind of
slide like that slight arch is not an
arch but like a curve on my shoulder
because they hold that base for so long
it's not very heavy but over the course
of 12 and a half hours it gets pretty
damn heavy
anyway ally got to go to get her wedding
dress and from what I've talked to her
she is really really excited and really
happy with everything so I'm really
really excited and I can't honestly wait
to see her in it cuz I know she's gonna
be freaking stunning and gorgeous but
for now I'm gonna go get some sleep and
flare show our first show of the Taurus
tomorrow please don't forget to
subscribe and click the like button for
Travis because he's he's losing his mind
so definitely like this video and come
to the tour I had a mind once we all did
and then it's somewhere and they almost
walked out
the only bag that I brought inside sure
I was like hey where's my food and I
guess it wasn't it like right here like
13 hours ago yeah you remember I didn't
eat it and then Frankie was like it's
outside you left it out there I was like
oh no I didn't leave it out there it's
done I finished it but I had just
forgotten about it it seems so long ago
it was it was 13 hours ago that's
ridiculous I know I'm actually really
starving but anyway guys I will see you
tomorrow
have a good night
