hey guys and welcome to one take Sunday
let's see if I can do this
oh yeah so we finished this entire week
the I shouldn't say we but like we took
the carpet off obviously the other day
the last two days they were doing this
entire floor okay I'm just going to I'm
going to show you how awesome this looks
check it out all right so while we're
here
flooring flooring I don't know I feel
like it just like it's just a lot why it
feels like more spacious and then if we
go over here Ali's been kind of working
on that we got this going and if you
recognized from yesterday I did all that
whole fun stuff what is yesterday
election wasn't yesterday's two days ago
anyway I don't know if you can tell
what's going on with my dogs or just
feeling kind of sick actually Ali was in
Miami for last two or three days two
days actually I think she made one day
so last one day yesterday I started to
feel really crappy like um okay like my
head start getting really congested or
stirring like I was sweating almost like
flu-like symptoms was killing me and I
had a super high temperature and so I
decided to come home last night cuz I
just was not feeling good yeah now I got
to make sure I don't get it because I
leave in like six yeah exactly but now
here's the thing I like I said I have to
leave in like 6 or 7 days for the whole
New Zealand Australia tour so I have to
make sure I do as many home remedies
like vitamin C that I could possibly
every where yeah I just dropped
everything so I have to get like a bunch
of vitamin C I have to get echinacea
apple cider vinegar which is disgusting
but I need to just do everything so
we're just going to see this entire
thing up that's down the drain
that's what Melissa said yeah that's
Melissa said that two of the most works
in the medical field and she was saying
that the flu strain that's going on
right now is kind of like resilient to
the flu so the flu shots right now that
they've been giving out to everybody the
florida ones at least have been
completely useless so that's been kind
of fun to deal with anyway so I give my
vitamins which is really kind of funny
you guys know how much Ali likes gummies
can't believe I'm doing this all by want
one one actual hand but uh you know I
would maybe not Ali loves gummies so
like all the vitamins we have are
actually gummies which is just like it's
like a treat so if you want to actually
have them anyway so that's gonna be the
easiest thing the worst thing is gonna
be this apple cider vinegar cause you're
supposed to I don't know how much you're
supposed to take I think it's like a few
tablespoons or a couple ounces or
something put this down and we try to
spill everything is that too much I got
to make sure I don't get like completely
sick though all right bottoms up I know
it's reasoning right okay oh so you know
it's my vinegar so smells like a salt
vinegar chip all right rose
all right so the next thing is echinacea
right here oh my god that was awful
so that shouldn't be too bad yeah I'm a
freaking professional right now all
one-handed alright can't do it anymore
I'm gonna set you right there okay 28
drops
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 12 13 15 16 17 18
19 20 22 23 24 25 26 27 28
I was 228 come on I might determine oh
come on seriously I have to do a methyl
whole thing 28 if it gonna do that
alright so this one actually shouldn't
be too bad I don't think it tastes bad
mmm do pinky up top Rika
all right so then I have to take
venomous see I'm not gonna check I am
NOT that plane that plane ride home to
Australia super chalky that plane ride
to Australia is like I don't remember
like 12 or 13 hours and to be stuck in
the airplane for that long
oh my god I just burped up a little bit
of that vinegar I can make fun of me I
totally understand it's so disgusting
did you take some okay now that here's
the fun part got to take the gummies
it's just like a treat wreaking one stay
high okay perfect try not to be rude
anyway guys I hope you enjoyed today's
video the one take I think we're getting
really good at these one day al he's
obviously not feeling good and I'm just
I gotta play doctor trippy to my patient
over here and she's got some assistance
some nursing assistance right here
Marly gave up well the worst is like
lose your immune systems kind of
compromised out everything from the
dengue it could be a little bit more
compromised Rica stop it anyway
we're gonna go take care of her hope you
guys enjoyed our one take I think we did
pretty good
what did we mess up I think I may have
messed up a little bit
I gotta go drink a lot more water my
stomach is actually hurting a lot from
that sip
apple cider vinegar don't recommend it
but if it's healthy I actually don't
know what the benefits are for that I
I'll do all that in another video don't
forget to subscribe guys and we will see
you guys tomorrow as always bye
what take down
