welcome guys day 1 of rehearsal for the
tour
we're the kings 10 we're just rehearsing
walking through a green room right now
yeah where's the green where's the stage
are we practiced it and put all our
suitcases in there yeah fit everything
in here all right
so eventually I was gonna see this it's
like a behind-the-scenes of the tour
starting right now this gonna be after
the tour is this gonna be through the
dirt through the tour we're at an
instagramer you do know well probably
scram and probably we the kings YouTube
just just it'll be everywhere it goes
viral then it will be definitely
everywhere we're just gonna spam the
hell out of your own channel put on
every it's gonna make your channel be on
my channel Duncan's channel no we just
made a China roads like better than to
get my CDL B TV trap cam TV trap cam you
know this is on this trip with me
obviously figured it out but we have
just landed in Atlanta see I know that
whenever we do airport vlogs they get
really boring so I'm trying to do this
little Airport vlogging as they possibly
can hook up the chicken
are you kidding me I know I'm don't say
that oh yeah you want ballads and I want
love lemons for your chest
oh yeah it's like the worst thing I've
ever heard of my child you have like a
an hour and a half play over here it's
something too crazy and then we were in
Ohio
Palin was in a burger right actually I
really am hungry look at the devil so
they didn't see us together and she was
sitting in the back and there was a guy
that was like getting sick oh he who's a
lot of turbulence on the way up which I
almost got sick or whatever on the way
down it was like all of a sudden I heard
him like he's just coughing
it went on for like 15 minutes straight
I've never never had to make fun
cleaning I haven't either
I have made a few and apparently free
bags later that he was feeling better I
almost turned in and I was like you
would a piece of gum sounds like no
you'd be like what
but what sample is that you have a
little bit of time between our next
slide we decide to stop and grab a small
beverage
always makes me likes to get hurt I just
realized this I was talking to Frankie
about this we're actually bringing my
old cab which is gonna be actual sound
on the stage which is amazing for Danny
night we actually feel the bass here's a
fun little story ten years ago they
brought this out obviously before I was
in the band
it was my bass cab they borrowed it for
one of their first tours and it got all
screwed up and now ten years later it's
back on the tour
I'm just excited to get there hang out a
little bit go to bed RJ very place you
Josh there did you guys have so much
oxygen Jeff isn't there anymore but
would be gonna be great
you
so it's all rehearsal it's like the
perfect time this is actually why we're
so obviously to get all the feedback
issues I can hear right now you have to
be back in sometime
you hear that absolutely get rid of all
that
Jeff over there is working on the lights
Danny's over there standing no that's
not you doubted for a second notice I
was a judge Davi the ESPN over here we
had a baseball game over here
on the spot don't worry Espeon let you
in
you know Jeff I was you know a nice
yeah but they do more than that you know
fancy but all you get cool like you like
the Cubs player we're getting
sidetracked work it work it work it
I will not get fat on this keep that dad
bought away I will grid that chick-fil-a
I will read that chick-fil-a I wish
every day was Sunday I wouldn't be
tempted so we've been at this for a good
like five or six hours now it's coming
we have arrived at our hotel room and
let's just go over this okay let's just
go oh let's go again
so okay so this is gonna be an adventure
that's all I'm gonna say good did
Charles tell me books the room and now
I'm not gonna blame it completely on him
but we unanimously agreed on this hotel
that we're at and I our first fair and
some of the walk up first off the guy
goes this is typically a place that
people stay like a charm so I'm like
alright are we seeing an apartment
building I got really that's really what
I thought and then we go to our room I'm
guessing elevator and had like a like a
smell like a like like like a like a mix
between paint oh look at that
complimentary we'll make sure that's
complimentary okay in chopper we're not
me in a microwave what I've got a mini
simple so no no okay so we get off the
elevator and there's a smell and we're
like miss painting must and I'm not
really sure what else does smell is but
something else it's something else then
we go into our hotel room which is
supposed to be a non-smoking hotel room
it's reek of smoke like reek to soap
like we both look to each other and our
I search water and it was a pretty
dramatic situation that we are
encountering at them on so we decide to
walk on back down to the front desk and
ask for a new room who's very very nice
super helpful got a new room with a new
smell not a fresh one but it's a new one
it's yeah yeah so we're only here for
less than 48 hours yeah
I'm sleeping on top of the sheets it's
always an adventure
let's just go he's have fun
each other we're gonna sleep fully
clothed every part of our body covered
this is I'm gonna pull Melissa okay sir
dead body in there but then I thought
that I swear to God I thought that that
was like a cat cage like a litter box I
was like that's okay it's we're making
it sound way worse than what it is but
the smell is a little deceiving I you
know I mean I've never seen it before it
really makes it stand out and I don't
really want to know what was down there
no but I'm not even gonna try and guess
either at your water walk yes okay thank
God I was a little worried let's go find
a safe Sam what's good fun to say so
that you know what shots might like
stance I this of whatever like
whatever's around us are you know
Charles if we don't come back home alive
you know where we're at
do you full-length mirror kind of so if
we just rip height will fit
right in there what are you doing there
Colin going to putting a giant X 410 the
Roman Roman numeral 10 Valhalla versus
like
because we trying to decipher my cryptic
hieroglyphics I guess you can call him
you guys ever wanted to know how to play
some of these songs there they are
f sharp d sharp G sharp G sharp F sharp
just random there these are numbers you
guys want to figure it out I gotta
figure it out look what Kelly made
totally going on a riser I like this is
this so we can move it around more sure
uh-huh so you can move out I'll see you
moving around you know you're gonna look
like Wilson McCarthy on SNL now well
they're a little like thing so let's
move I gotta be able for you and you can
just ride it around the ones that can
you make that yeah it's one he could
ride around good job Kelly I decided to
close that the entire restaurant
season knowing of a dress fitting
tomorrow Wallace and I are like hey we
should let some stuff where we get the
baggage that's on this environment I
would say it's just
that very first day she does so we're
like climbing
like that extra cheese in the bacon and
the cheese curds mr. tater tots
and then they drizzle it all with a
whole roomful of ranch
Oh getting some work done huh merch and
I'm super nervous I'm super nervous I
know I told you guys I had anxiety
pretty bad the other day and a little
bit is coming from the whole wedding
dress thing but I'm kind of I feel a lot
calmer tonight now that I'm here and I
know that I just it's gonna work out
it's just gonna work out I'm trying to
send out those positive vibes Melissa
keeps reminding me send out those
positive vibes into the universe and
you're gonna get positive back so that's
what I'm trying to do right now Fergie
what are you doing here get your drone
by the way Frank's got drowned I crashed
it twice inside the house Frankie does
what I do both times showing someone
like how cool my grown or you Sean Zac
behind see why actually present land and
land on the stove right I crashed into
it well technically and landed in so
yeah I crash itself it should be
changing this propellers for you yeah I
think supposed to be smart - is it
tiny
they're super small well this thing's a
little baby it shoots 4k right it's
pretty name gnarly don't you shoot okay
I do see 4k all day don't do five or six
not yeah amateurs 4k higher my first
camera
isn't that crazy thing I know right when
I started when I started vlogging it was
for 20 years right
November 360p and for 24 that's insane
until you did with a DV tape and fire
one and like when you fill in like two
hours you just sit there and wait for it
it's like an import for two hours
those were struggles hashtag struggles
and that one no you have no idea hashtag
write in the comments what resolution
you remember well get the youtubes and
they have that's actually a good one I
want you guys to tell me yeah what
resolution years ago what Scott like
what resolution was your first camera if
you don't know what I'm talking about to
say 4k probably a lot of 640 by 480 s
because a lot of these people probably
had flip cams Oh poop cam HD did 720
people look like jello if you want to
see what those but I can go watch the
old vlog it's pretty much look like this
the range isn't the range oh yeah what
would you call that mr. photographer was
like it's like we can see here and then
you can see here but with those you
basically could see this field of view
that's perfect there you go they're mine
now today marks the end of day 1 or
rehearsal it was a long one we went for
about 8 or 12 hours I think was on 12
hours actually it's it's well worth it
because today is you know day one
rehearsal tomorrow is the final day of
rehearsal and then Friday is actually
the day of the first tour of day the
first show for the tour and not
obviously Nashville
anyway Ali is obviously getting her
wedding dress was just amazing I can't
see anything so it's actually kind of a
bummer actually it's kind of crazy to
think about we have like 24 25 days
until we actually get married which is
unbelievable and so excited and I can't
wait I'm gonna go to bed now though
because tomorrow we're probably going to
do even longer
because we didn't quite get everything
we needed to get done we have a lot of
songs to go through and it's freaking
cold right now so I had to go and look
at you see it there you go you can see
right there if I could fog up the camera
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night Callie asked you the
question of the day don't forget to
subscribe if you guys are brand new if
you just found this video because a lot
of cool things are gonna be happening
tor getting married honeymoon all these
fun things and all these ex extra like
we're going up England we're going back
to Hawaii doing a lot of cool things
with the band and tour so you definitely
don't wanna miss that don't forget to
please click the like button takes one
second just click that little like
button right there and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always I guess
