it's exciting that way I have a beard my
head be shaved
you don't know maybe I like Frankie cut
my hair no I'll shave my eyebrows please
don't I don't think anyone says hey
shave my eyebrows I'd murder somebody
actually did that
nobody does at the airport honey so
we're heading out the tour I'm sorry I'm
heading out the tour it's a sad sad time
I hate going to the airport
unless I'm picking somebody up when
you're going to the airport to leave
it's always kind of sucky and then
tomorrow Ali goes and picks up her
wedding dress I don't think it up I go
and make sure it fit for the first thing
when do they get it so they're shipping
it's me but I get to see for the first
time oh that's a good thing Oh life is
wonderful can I have a kiss I'll make it
out okay
looks like the sky club's getting into
the holiday spirit of Valentine's Day
every kados on I say it has been a day
of ketchup for me Thunder % vana as you
guys know char left this morning makes
me kind of sad because I don't think I
want to see I'm in felt like the day
before the wedding so kind of
heart-wrenching kinda exciting but it's
one of the things I know he's out doing
what he has to do and I'm very happy for
him but hopefully I get to see him
before the wedding tomorrow I leave for
Ohio because I am going to be getting my
dress it's finally done I'm gonna be
getting my dress I'm gonna be trying it
on I haven't seen it since they've
altered it so it's gonna be a really
exciting kinda weird thing for me cuz I
haven't actually seen the dress kind of
seen the dress but not really seen the
dress I saw it before it's sort of
mikela train too so I'm a little bit
nervous but melissa is thankfully gonna
go with me and and honestly I am going
to be busting
ass for the next month getting wedding
subbed on being some shot around the
house or happening we're going to be
having a lot of people in town and it's
just very kind of overwhelming I'm a
little stressed out I'm not even alive
but I do want to say happy Valentine's
Day to everyone out there here
celebratin to those of you who do not
happy Valentine's Day anyways and happy
day happy day to you how about that
happy day to you and may your day be
filled with love and the rest of these
proposals how's it horny okay so you
guys ready for a fun little story I
wasn't really paying attention and I
went to go to the bathroom and what I
turned around so basically what happened
was I followed this older guy and to the
bathroom but it was all on my phone so
this is a lesson never be on her phone
when you go into the bathroom or just
pay attention when I phone called this
older guy into the bathroom because he
was a dude so I was like okay you home
so follow this guy and then the first
thing I realized there were no urinals I
went to go in there and all of a sudden
these ladies started coming out with the
stalls and they looked at me in the guy
because I think they looked horrified
that we were in there that's how we're
gonna start his trip all right I blame
the older guy he was a lot of fun so he
should have been paying attention
there's no excuse I have an excuse
because I'm an aviator so this might be
my favorite thing about Starbucks right
here joxer's cats I totally put it in
the dog
got my coffee and now I feel like I can
conquer the world I know I sound
pathetic because I feel like I can't
even start my day without any coffee but
it's the true that's how I feel even
though it's like it's 4:20 in the
afternoon but honestly if I don't have
coffee I just feel like jet and got a
straw which it's very very weird and
strange I understand but since I got
that clear correct I try not to drink
coffee straight from the cup anymore
because of the little of things that I
have on my teeth you never notice I got
like one right there right there here
this one got really discolored because
of drinking coffee now I can't give up
coffee so what they told me to do is if
I do drink coffee to trick it through
straw so that's what I try and do there
you go there's my story ok so I just met
up with Savannah and I'm going to meet
up with her at t.j.maxx u.s. ago get go
get something there and quite honestly I
haven't seen her in so long that I
needed I needed a friend's date aid or
the night date I should say and what
better day to go and do girl stuff than
on the day that they say you're meant to
be with your loved one it's a penis my
loved one I hate saying I know that you
guys are probably getting super annoyed
with it too but I'm really just I'm done
planning like I don't want to do any
more I don't want to buy anything else I
don't want to pay for anything else I
don't want to have to do anything else I
just wanted to be done so for those of
you who have ever played whether you're
in the process of planning a wedding
you understand the chaos and you
understand the craziness that I'm gone
through because it's super overwhelming
I think that I'm holding a lot of stress
on myself right now and it's making me
like I said yesterday quite neurotic so
not only a minor otic with my cooking
but I'm neurotic
and just gentle right now
was weird somebody to smell like Travis
that's a weird thing to say but the way
he's put the Cologne on and tour bus
like it's ingrained in my brain I can
smell it no matter where I'm at anyway
we're saying it was like haven't been to
an airport oh wow so it kind of feels
like very nostalgic now I feel like the
next several times I come here this can
be very annoying you know like everyone
gets really annoyed the last person on
the plane it was me today
Danny look at this Jin send me a photo
obviously we sit next to each other it
was a little concerned because I wasn't
showing up like
that door foot the great part of it has
it closed down
but I signed up for a thing called clear
which allows me to basically yeah inside
I have to figure out how to explain your
hair topology okay you know how they
have TSA pre where you can kind of
basically get their security faster this
one is like here's a pre on steroids
the basically had caffeine if you
wanna say Sara Sara
Serio's basically now I could just walk
through some part they can't he says
that something walks if somebody wants
you through security
yeah and they were offering it for free
in the sky club so I had to take a
chance of missing my flight and getting
it or just getting on the plane and
sitting here so I took a chance
what's in the instructions you have to
walk
that's a really brutal good Tom Cruise
thing right now
my heart just exploded I was trying to
put Marley's leash on her face and the
vaso cheese made was the funniest thing
I've ever seen
come here Mart let's show come here come
here real quick somebody come here and
then you put it on you hey you put it on
you won't go for a walk you need money
come here I know but this is this is
what makes you walk nice here we go here
we go wait yeah okay does not hurt them
it's only something to help them from
pulling it's not
I need like a muzzle or anything of that
sort it's basically thing to make a dog
to keep from pulling away from you so
she's never done that with that usually
she runs right into it and has no
problem with it but for some reason
today she has an issue of it so I kind
of discovered that the vlogs like
yesterday and today are not the most
exciting ones on my end I'm really sorry
if it's been a little bit boring
especially on my end I had to really
catch up on a lot of things today and
sometimes I forget to pick up the camera
I noticed that when I'm so caught up in
catching up on emails and you know
working on the vlog and prepping for
things and you know getting on the phone
with different people
plus I didn't super stressed out a lot
recently I don't really talk about it
very much but my stress levels been
really really high and today it was
exceptionally high to the point where I
kind of put on a fun a little bit and I
guess I'm just trying to be honest with
you guys and you've been like feeling
like complete crap today clipping so
stressed out but I promise it will pass
and thank you for understanding I guess
what I'm trying to say is today it's
just one of those days where I think I
felt like I kind of just needed some
time to myself and I kind of needed time
away from everything because I could
feel my stress level really going high
one thing I don't really talk about a
lot is that I have a lot of anxiety it's
not thinking like debilitating for me
but sometimes
when that anxious moment hits for me
it's super overwhelming and with certain
events that have been going on recently
my anxiety much higher than I ever
anticipated so also what are leaving
today and not being able to see him
before the wedding is a little it makes
me a little sad it really really does
but I know he's gonna be having fun on
tour and I'm really excited for him and
I'm excited to be able to see him when I
do but I think today I just kind of had
to separating myself a little bit from
the camera for the mere fact of I don't
know I just I felt extra anxious today
not complaining
not well I don't want anyone to feel bad
or anything like that I'm not searching
for sympathy of this more that I had a
conversation with tar and we just um I
felt a little overwhelmed
check out these flowers they look like
banana splits but red a split banana I
should say like and I was at super
Mario's or our super mario kart mario
kart oh my god I'm so bad these Charles
would be so bad I have a question for
you guys like when you guys are anxious
or stressed or overwhelmed what is it
that you guys do to kind of bring that
stress level down what do you guys do to
relieve that anxiety that you feel cold
let me see you sign he is my Valentine
today if he I can change the color of
his car
or maybe not oh yeah I just turned
yellow no that's right the purple that's
cool technology tomorrow oh Marlene's
gonna pick them up unfortunately I
haven't been able to grab diesel because
I really knew I was only going to be
home for a day and I didn't want to grab
them and then have to bring him right
back to my mom's house so I'm crazy
missing him right now
like crazy crazy crazy missing him right
now and I think another thing I wanted
to say was I think that why I'm like
kind of anxious a little bit overwhelmed
is because I don't know why this
father's because I know it shouldn't be
that big of a deal and I always thought
it was just something that you know they
kind of put in your head because you're
getting married and you're the bride and
you have to be anxious so we're finding
that most the most perfect dress involve
loss but being that I haven't actually
seen my dress had makes me a little bit
anxious I don't even know really what it
looks like I have an idea but I really
don't I know that's the craziest thing
in the world to say but I really don't
so I'm a little bit nervous and I know
that's not what a weddings about and
it's not it's about the person that you
want to marry and who you're gonna be
with for the rest of your life
I'm sorry I'm not complaining I know
that's what this is coming off as and I
don't want it to be like that I just
wanted to explain why I've been off of
the camera a little bit today and I
haven't really been filming much so
rather than you in a hotel as we've done
in the past we got a giant house but
there's two more to go
all right so we have two moves and
upstairs are all taken care of we said
okay much better than a bunch of motels
okay that looks occupied Oh
Oh where's the like it's cold up there
further but all the dead bodies nothing
but dead bodies up there look as a Harry
Potter room Harry now just watch a
creepy clocks take him to Nashville
arguing some awesome buddies so rad
place called Ed Lee's right now if we
had a uber driver that was very
interesting
got some cornbread necessity you can
have him barbecue I don't know she's hot
huh
I know let's try to read it it's up to
you cold hunters here so for this tour
Frankie and I designed our own new pick
the other one okay so this is the one
Frankie did oh this is your finger
doodle Sam these are the other ones
sweet we have some problems right now
you go all the way to Nashville and find
yourself right here again
we have actually nothing to buy or any
real reason why we're here originally
was coming we needed to get you one of
those where's the brick right here so
you have to buy a brick and then you
have to buy a USBC and that's how you
have to get it now so that's now 7x $97
already this is like CQ 70 Apple is
playing the game so the good thing is
this is a good business a cable so it's
USB cable so you don't have to
necessarily get it walk down like the
other ones it's ridiculous I honestly
think this is gonna be the most prepared
I've ever been for tour daniyar kind of
the height where execute we're actually
getting things like adapters extender
extensors extenders which Mo's digits
and which ones you get the big asshole
no I cut this because I don't know USB
isn't it oh that's kind of cool
disappointing to the wall where's the
plug the house is starting to get full
hey Casey he's the new guy see of a lot
hey what's up buddy becoming a new
tradition now before the Taurus
that we watch pop star when trap has
officially started this I don't know
you're watching goals in session Google
is in session well I'm going to call it
an early night because tomorrow early in
the morning we start we're a super day
one of the store so I just want to kind
of get any kind of fresh start
I'm gonna go finish the vlog actually
the question today this is Ali asks at
Starbucks dogs or cats let me know what
you guys think
I feel though that's kind of like a
debate Warlick Apple versus PC it's
probably gonna get ugly anyway I will
see you guys tomorrow as always we're in
Nashville anyway I hope you guys had a
wonderful Valentine's Day and babe I
love you so much and I wish I was there
alright guys don't forget to subscribe
and click the like button and I will see
you guys tomorrow bye
