okay oh I left my smoke my kitchen okay
now you have to remind her that family
you suck at this
mmm good morning Internet today is MRI
day MRI check up day should say every
three months I have to do this and I
will be on tour and getting married
within that three months so I decided to
do it slightly earlier time to give us
time to get a nap while listening to
some dubstep some annoying industrial
dubstep done with the MRI now heading
over to the other doctor my actual
doctor to get all the information I know
everything's gonna be good but obviously
a little nervous I think this was broken
yesterday and as you get solved but I
took it from the malls all over those
little no those I fix it kiosk it takes
phones really cheap I've found in the
past that those places and watch shops
have the most unique kind of
screwdrivers in the world it can pretty
much say anything at any rate got the SD
card back now traveling from place to
place from fast food fast food to gas
station to hotel we're just trying to
find a place to upload this log if you
didn't see getting better in the cluster
against Moses yeah we're basically are
pulling up the buildings right now and I
kind of like seen if the internet fast
enough the view see yesterday's video is
probably one of our longest assignments
okay I got a parcel right cuz
yesterday's video was 2.5 gigabytes I'm
huge there's so much footage
alright I got a I got a park now I'll
take this one thank you very much
that'll be mine I now own this plot and
okay well we're wife I couldn't even
upload a photo but that didn't work so
they took a long piece of cheese oh
really is we're changing geez right now
I'm just going to go I just figured
we'll just go to the hospital the doctor
or whatever and get it taken care of
there I try not to spend as much time as
I can possibly not and a place like that
but yeah I get the video up oh and this
is actually my last day home for until a
wedding actually there's a small TV
smileys tomorrow I didn't think of it
think about it okay dirt dirt you want
to want to go drop your phone you know
thing to hold it up like I have this
camera all
yeah that's right Kari you can't tell us
you doing something
oh that's been pretty good is it big VIN
it
no don't tell house explain how this
heart Thank You Beverly sing with us
like them little is er really how you
can do it how you do it down like there
should be something for local literally
lots whether you're in business women on
trial for degree office so it's going to
communicate for people look look up you
know don't solve it don't have to go
through materials instructor another the
year we will be hit fun
then I want I'm leaving tonight Frank
okay 13
oh god I gotta leave you for like a
month you may get married to you
publicly
I already have no to literally shows up
the gain of a reversal been executed so
he misses his flight first like it's
delayed this is going to be like the
hangover yeah that's exactly what it is
except there probably won't be actually
nobody came I have everything down the
toilet so you'll have three people it is
big enough party blastoderm i-90 all the
guys doing that carcass ever only one
coming back to get to my side one job
component does one holds the shoulders
if you know what I mean I think you just
like could you want a chair bring you on
offset all the ghosts great defenses
there we go
my favorite brain I was just the type of
thing I do we need love I remember you
saying we needed some gloves like person
here's a dozen school make a turkey out
of it
yeah all right
it was such an easy scary media right
really good
I'm Dennis because I'll give a small
home I have you got to get like the free
Excel on your insurance
I'm officially the best at scaring Ally
I shouldn't say officially I've always
been really good at scaring Ally can see
this so jumpy you can leave it was like
hey I'm just getting food and usually it
works for that face let's just go back
and look at that face again fright was I
don't think I've been able to get her
that scared I think the one time I came
home from tour and didn't tell you I was
coming home and I scared you
that was another good one hello yeah
totally got on that one looks super good
I was really planning to here's the
words to remember chairs being or bolt
on boiler crowd Taylor purple flowers
Wow
then our Lord so we're gonna what so
many salar trash came again this is the
second time somebody apparently neither
the trash can supplied by the city more
than we needed a the good thing is that
we have security cameras so we're going
to find the asshole apparently think how
we have security camera the garbage guy
picked it up and put it back down again
dragged our drug in the dried your drug
gotten attached to the garbage truck and
took it all the way down there and I
guess they didn't have the I don't know
just to let us know so we had to go like
look if we didn't have the security
cameras we would have no idea where it's
house can sound stupid
this is like a very suburban kind of
problem like our trash can has been
taken but it has been taken book I know
what if it happened like that last time
we shouldn't look on the camera what no
look at what I want English English okay
that makes more sense
okay pretty please no she's hitting the
bell that's okay that's they're pretty
cheap money was a part I don't think
that dog run so fast so it does that I
always think the camera at the
slow-motion this is how is the world
record constantly working out are
constantly working out work it baby work
it work it today's the last day home for
a very long time
not very long time yeah for a lovely day
before the wedding
that's a three weeks from now three
million people please I said they are
awesome home you know I gotta see the
puppies in everything okay oh that's my
protection a delay of a my internet
you suck it she's the worst masseuse in
Belarus all I can't like give like
dagger feet come on Jack your feet yeah
here is Marley's dagger pause little
your fingers feel like this is how you
do it like it watch I'm sure yeah yeah
go like this and that like this is what
you do ah she's like I thought there was
a park problem as well okay you want to
twirl let's grow okay go okay
 google right this cupboard mom
discovered and jelly just like kind of
runs but the mother looks everywhere you
look happy well we kind of like you did
that and that Holly didn't put you
through there Zoe come on Zoe come we
had Carl you got this
no she won't go through it for some
reason
Marley is actually being the social dogs
right now going to hang out with it
right now she's just looking for
squirrel squirrel just ran up there you
rather not hang out with any other dogs
it's hanging out with some little furry
Road my mom might be the sweetest
kindest woman to walk the face of this
planet
I'm not even kidding you I love her but
I hate her all the same for a woman to
do things I love her because she made a
cute little Valentine's Day cookies with
little hearts on them and then some
chocolate chip cookies and lemon bars so
a lever for it but I hate her for it
it was dying to be healthy guys not very
healthy as weak as well I just called my
mom too so sweet and obviously she can
make some killer cookies because we've
already demolished half of these which
is not good not good so anybody on the
internet will if you want sometimes they
cookies
hang out yourself here you got one
don't tear the internet with it don't
sword by me
my life is a race is this camera in you
guys
Marlee it's not interested
didn't see that then again that was
great redemption for a wall
yes Carl jeez okay maybe the wall in the
house yeah but I don't want to bring my
stuff honey please already broke a bunch
of myself this weekend
that's right yeah but don't do that ha
ha ha
don't please don't pick on the idea care
let's just let's just move all 150 how's
my cat close a little too bubbly for you
my goodness really bugging you
do something you want is it something
you want something you copy
it stops oh very rare occasion when
modeling Zoe uh play successful good to
keep you on that way we know we're going
this way
we know remote this way go that way
dr. England don't like the plan you can
begin to devolve food here's why help me
pack this is the part that really sucks
it's like we're sort of sinking in that
don't get me wrong I love tour but there
are some aspects that I just don't like
obviously leaving Ally and dogs and how
all those things just being gone is
always kind of the bummer of the
situation and you could really tell
because they just hang out by the
suitcase you guys ones on the plane
right right I think she'd be good on the
plane that's pretty much you I think you
just be all over the place what could be
interesting about this tour is that I
just got off of Warped Tour so I'm used
to like tank tops and shorts so this one
is completely different but I need
jackets by the way I got this awesome
snazzy jacket here these awesome people
sent it to me so I'm prepared on this so
it's nice and sick so now you guys still
make fun of me for only wearing a hoodie
that's smart this time I planned ahead
we got a real special trip from the
label and it is round and it's got gold
on it
this is sock please read swaggins and
carefully package really inspector than
any like okay well see on sorry about
all that I wrote it so please read that
please read aloud so hey see it you burn
off do okay I'm ready are you ready
music oh my gosh that's great hair turn
so there's a glare on it wow that's
beautiful
500,000 individual track downloads going
gold presented to neutral trippy to
commemorate sales worldwide of more than
500,000 individual track downloads from
the we the kings album Strangelove which
equates not a to go oh I'm so happy for
you there's little a goal Congrats baby
what a good person to get right for you
I was perfect you know what else wiggle
that's all dinner
really yeah we got another one of these
coming
so cool that or it's like really close
like teetering like 10,000 look at I'm
going to can see like it's like
three-dimensional its piano phone you
see that yeah turn out be right along
this one beautiful congratulations
forgive all I'm really happy for you
people
Congrats you big turd you know Thank You
internet Thank You internet that's
awesome this stuff happens because a
amazing fan not only to get experience
when we're the king I wanted to call the
we to Qing er so I'm just gonna call
really keen grand thank you guys are
still buying music and you say lost and
restraining it rather than going out and
dealing with you know crowds and stuff
Ali and I decided we were just going to
make a nice little dinner I should say
Ali made an optimal dinner this one
really really want didn't she she should
just be a chef she should be a vlogging
chef you should have your own cooking
show I thought that literally started
happening in my brain right she's
neurotic on like under aa chef like I'm
doing like call Ali the neurotic chef
no man is one right you're watching
right tomorrow I leave for rehearsal the
tour doesn't start until the 18th I
think in Nashville but we have rehearsal
because we're you replaying essentially
10 songs that would never play in
national group rehearsing point eight
three
so no fourteenth we just get there and
we have to get into our house we got a
house leave me what we were all gonna
get a hotel and then we had such a fun
experience and the Airbnb and Asheville
I told Duncan I was like hey it was so
much smarter if we get a Airbnb so she
got a house I just don't know how cool
the house honey man yeah I should tea I
was teen oven the assistant TM what the
hell no that's really I just feel like
it would be more camaraderie you know
like we can practice a little more
I friend you have five rooms that were
separated even though we're all going to
be on the same bus for like three months
it would have been kind of nice to be
separated for a little bit so it's like
The Bachelor
so we're all competing for what a
bathroom okay that makes sense
a pooper the porcelain a toilet we can
actually take a poo in yeah I forgot you
can't do that mm-hmm
it just hit me right now so just extend
all night you're in tough I got a
good one on that I don't know like you
know like Nicolas Cage without the
locators underselling uh you know it is
I think a scene here for your underwear
drawer we replaced with Nicolas Cage
well I thought that he needed to be
close to und I'm gonna go enjoy this
meal and just kind of hang out I will
see you guys tomorrow on an airplane
going to tour I'll see you next month
for me on weddings that's right because
the wedding is going to be happening in
the middle tour which is in three weeks
so if you guys are brand new don't
forget to subscribe a lot of things are
going to be happening if you haven't
actually gotten your tickets yet for the
tour coming up make sure you go to we
the kings music.com go check out the
Tour de hopefully we'll be seeing you
guys we're going to London for the slam
dunk fest as well and Hawaii so we're
going all over hopefully I'll see you
guys we can high-five question of the
day what were those four words that the
doctor asked me while scrubbing back to
the video what were they this is a text
hello colonist no don't don't mess with
them all right now see you guys tomorrow
sorry a TD
