that is eating the most amazing looking
piece of delicious event a manga and
anime ring is it blowin your lines long
version just having breakfast hi Fred
it's such a cool little place right on
kind of mountain you're talking about
how they were snow all over the ground
yesterday and today there's nothing kind
of beautiful I mean today it's a little
foggy we're going to head back to the
house and do a few things and then we
are heading out to the club people watch
some people ski good morning everyone I
don't know what the hell I did last
night but I can not write back there I
can't move my neck like every time I try
to go like this this is as far as we go
well if I try to look down that's what
refers to code like you know like when
you fall asleep and you're not really
paying attention how you fall asleep and
then you always wake up you're like oh
my arm hurt or my neck hurts for my leg
or something like that kind of what I
just did but was my neck I think what I
did was here in the pillow right here
and I kind of fell asleep like this you
know like with my head's I come almost
almost like this like leaning against
the pillow and for some reason or maybe
I did it that way I could have done it
the other way to the earth right in the
back at any rate I feel mobile now we
got a copy mask on our creepy creepy
taught math but I must say we all look
like beauty queens a little bit crap
you're out today than we expected they
said it was really nice then I heard
there was a storm coming I think i won
you can feel pretty sure I'm gonna show
your upper head oh yeah great yes this
cameras falling apart your bails you to
kill me yes howling side and we're
holding signs they filled with water
you're heading down to
the beach mountain resorts and we're
going to go let's collect some races
Melissa mine for you today that's the
one thing we're kind of debating about
right now because it is pretty darn
foggy out we don't need anybody crashing
into trees or to other humans you have
the beer stein holding contest today at
the beach mountain brewing company yeah
we're just going to enjoy our last day
here becomes I'll be very fun thank you
again to crag and to everyone involved
so that was all hooked up for us we're
so excited and so happy that we were
able to take this trip and guys do not
forget to go ahead and check out beech
mountain it's unbelievable mega spotted
with her little I for deer on the fly
I'm kidding well pay him there was like
four deer that were up that special
place that's a good little end and we
didn't get our cameras off with a glass
like super cute is so cute there's like
four big beers in where milder toboggan
lane I don't know what is a toboggan s
thank you how's the internet tell that I
was just that internet please sit Amy
Kahn section below tell me what you
think or tell me what a toboggan is
because last night us girls thought it
was something completely different than
by two people we are told one thing and
then we're told the other someone said a
toboggan is this right we need all be
nice yes my was like that I would like
that with a puff on yeah so someone told
us a bargain is the beanies I have like
the little puff ball on top so this
wouldn't be a toboggan this would just
be a beanie or can't but whatever they
call but I thought it sloggin like
toboggan races right yeah I thought yeah
I thought toboggan was like a thing that
you sat on a road when you're in the
snow apparently i'm wrong but if you
guys know the real answer please tell us
in the comment section below and all
these little kids like I can't even tell
you how old they are but look at them go
it's quite impressive let's call this
poor girl like nope nope I've got it up
I love in they fall they're like I'm
cool okay oh she's oh this you okay up
there go baby on the ground play on the
ground we are now heading back to a
brewery to do the same holding contest
the record that we had read some girls
is 235 right Billy guys but ok what's
the record for the girls so we have to
be 49 to 49 all right I think I can hit
15 seconds but let's see
that was definitely fun I was just
telling mega moolah that I just needed
to my left arm now I work out for the
week my arm workout I don't know if
they're really having a contest I can't
really figure out what's going on maybe
we got everything backed up and it sucks
now as a result of laying stupid you
know like hell when your body ache that
I know are I just all day today we're
trying to avoid the Sun to just have
this headache from the pain in my neck
right now so I've been pretty useless
I've been trying to clean up the house a
little bit because I feel like would
mean the three dogs especially this guy
is running around everywhere I'm just
particularly kind of made a little bit
of a mess but i just wanted to clean up
a little bit because every time i come
home Allie it's always cleaning and just
making sure everything's tidy so I kind
of want to just reciprocate the favor a
little bit I'm just like trying to get
through the stupid headache and I'm such
a weird person i already have to take so
many medication things i hate taking
additional medication like tylenol i'll
leave all that stuff because i don't
like to rely on it is that stupid
because if it does this mean being
stubborn I can't ever tell you only get
out bud you got this use your brain
this is training guys taught us come on
Finn you got this find the bottom yeah
we got to stop doing is stepping on it
pink use your brain okay there we go you
found a toy okay come here buddy you
feel though you get an F you get a big f
come on see what it is just stepping on
it I can't get out I'm helping you you
failed buddy you failed are we still
friends okay we're still friends don't
yeah there we go we're still friends
another foot yeah we're still double
friends now I love playing with him
because he's so sloppy you can just do
whatever he's it's a frickin sloppy dog
sloppy sloppy hotel strand sky nuts
coming after you
because hey that's the shot ski I had no
idea what was I've never heard of it
before this is where I had my first time
he and I said it was like okay my new
member I've never had a chalky let me
just get back and give you guys a real
idea of how big the subway is so it ends
there he starts their hands over their
neck your real friends you often
we did it so friends are for I love you
too I thought Melissa was shorter
because like within the robot sides a
little amazing idea you made a girl
and that I wonder drug little intense I
got a free growler filled with never
fear that i like and i ended up getting
my body strikeouts opponents are
guessing this is named up to the guy i
showed you yesterday and i'm going to
frame this like an Olympic medal but way
better sign holding Women's Champion
charm will be proud Billy Nicole thank
you so much everything it's nice to meet
you and now we're going to take a beer
and go down onto me are you can do
better in combat yep try to get into the
Milice insane for a snapshot that will
not focus okay it won't what the hell
with it up anyway you sounded pretty
good tell me does not feel weird I feel
like I'm at the eye doctor and you're
about to do the pop of their clothes ugg
boots about five sizes too big fer looks
like the size of your honor really
 me like why is it not girl you
can walk that walk almost has been
reunited with correct size languages how
you feeling better smarter she's like
out there and lifted shipping they're
not clicking into you what's happening
fortunately yesterday I not
unfortunately unfortunately I still
going to go pro yesterday however
something upper with the SD card and it
got jammed in the little slot brought
back my camera today and we're going to
go in and film collaborator more lanes
more trouble little racers continue
ready
Oh every single sorry just definitely
had his soft black clothes okay so I
lost I a hundred rusev long funny thing
they just stopped the site now we're on
this moving like I mean in here about I
don't know conveyor belt and my guy both
bala news pretty funny embarrassing
losing out first buddy and hired gun
second I get there ah neg gloss or other
buddy in the black got for presenting
timeless club I'm going to redeem my
first place no together I have to get at
least second place then white with you
can it be a part I look laughs that's
improving we've had fun once is the
reigning champ we are back at the
mile-high tavern restore at last night's
the live music in pursuit and we had to
come and check out their crazy long fire
pit that they have I love me a beautiful
and warm and toasty miss very very nice
wasn't it last night so we think it's
experiences but kind of cool
I don't need it definitely don't need it
I've been super busy right now got the
couch done kind of got a mess because
the dogs keep going on I appreciate
Marley being good over there I've got
look at it I got this I gotta take out
the trash got the bedroom getting clean
got the robot doing all the work for me
so I don't have to do it amazing is I
just going to keep this little monster
from destroying things I know I haven't
been very appearing a lot in the video
today but like I said I just letting the
headache go because tomorrow I have to
make the little pop that would engulf it
actually is hey Google pop tomorrow I
have an MRI checkup so I want to make
sure I'm feeling good I am really good
at just this is like a random headache
that just came to get idiot over here
doesn't like take the time to sleep
properly but it was really good that we
kind of have a lead footage from the
other day that was why pretty much what
you guys are watching I didn't want to
trash the footage no way ever I want to
trash played so I just wanted to let you
guys know so you're looking at still
confused we're basically Ali's footage
is almost a day behind right now me I am
the right day gives us a death grip that
the new macbook pros kind of i don't
think it's tough but they're annoying so
you have to have this adapter but if you
look carefully there's a little slit
right there for like a microsd but if
you don't do it the proper way it gets
stuck in there and jams himself in which
is kind of what happened the other day
for Ali's GoPro footage so hopefully I
can like do my little MacGyver and
surgically remove it so that way we had
that footage which she comes home
because I always paint just like
deleting footage and just like not
allowing it to live its life on the
internet and share with you guys don't
just be proactive I have made fire off
Charles inside the second sister yeah
because I'm dancing I'm keeping my feels
warm
carry a good music stands feels like a
step n the concepts have oh god that's
Charles stepped up honey I love you but
this is true that's actually better than
your car this way better oh yes there
you go merry dance earnest guitar I love
you we all love you dad you and Andrew
awful bandra awful terrible terrible
dancing skills for de- switzer lovely
and we love you and we support your
terrible dance skills and do a lot of
two stuff and I'll be right yeah your
uncle key defensive yesterday well oh
yeah girl
it's six thirty in the morning
american-made handheld pad back to
Florida and Lisa clinical and leave the
expand and head back to rei and make all
these of that they're increasing I to
clinical like anything I've reached
mountain ridge mountain resort everyone
who is kind of too just to really show
them everything Challenge offer I really
hope you guys enjoyed watching it you
had a lot of fun there's no snow on the
ground now the birthday of new systems
preschool I was telling the girls like
if I break my leg falling off the rocket
we left I'm sorry sunrise by the Sun
feels beautiful it is you dumb
marshmallow there Melissa oh my gosh
look at all this nerve yay so cool so
crazy we were here to go and it was
completely late now
we've made it downtown Asheville on now
we are going to this little restaurant
shot melissa has been ranting and raving
about up your little dear little dirty
still three still not working the whole
weekend Megan I thought is to below put
to pull up this is syphilis now we're
going to go have some delicious
breakfast and then we were back on proof
and now we're waiting for our food in
fact chicken and biscuits with honey oh
oh I'm excited about them really love
this feel free to borrow some reading
glasses thank God I got my nose
otherwise I was gonna get you up please
just check out my meal right now I live
here every day swing your mind it did
blow you mind just talked to aliens you
should be home probably in the next half
hour finally got him tired got her tired
she's passed out I did an extra walk I
think I walked him around in a mile and
a half I'm actually really proud that's
good job especially consider we didn't
do much today I just I had to get out
and started walking and just didn't want
to stop walking it actually I felt
better because it's getting fresh air
the whole headache thing is kind of gone
away so slightly then I ordered some
food i think the second food goes into
my belly think i'm gonna feel a lot
better I thought that was them damn it
we gotta wait who's here yeah we're here
in man
is what happened Megan everyone's get so
happy they bail they build on you to go
to Reagan uh-huh where the blankets are
good all right I swear that all that
works all day just a tornado oh where
the living room was clean within three
seconds destroyed oh he has a baby mar
I'm gonna get my beetle to so that I can
help him I swear the bed was made at one
point two you're the bomb you just come
in here that's what it's not me when I
come home with you you're the bomb you
literally just came into wiped
everything out gimmer cat I love the
backgrounds of Zoe destroying things
Jesus like literally everything I
cleaned today completely wiped out all
right yeah I know in the Milan oh
you
as we kiss your face and that was like
well there's a man okay cuz you look on
yo yo gotti clown did you miss me I'd
say sorry I've been kind of m.i.a today
my neck was killing me my head is
completely better now so it's that's a
huge plus we're going to go to bed a
little early tomorrow i have another
brain checkup MRI essentially before
tour to the last one before tour so
we're going to go i hope you enjoyed
today's video i'm actually where it was
at an eagle okay pretty good here let me
show you look like
