didja didja that students business oh
he's the Kanye fan I'm wearing the same
freakin shirt as yesterday last night
so jumbly right now last night I was up
I guess it was this morning I was up
until I'm not even kidding seven o'clock
in the morning editing the video because
Ali was having some issues with the
internet wherever she's at I'm just
gonna call it the snowy Tundra what
happened was she started uploading it
and then I guess it fizzled out we had
to stay out both of us trying to figure
out how to get it to us so we get the
vlog up
needless to say I'm freakin exhausted
and I gotta go drive again to the
Sarasota house because I got to go get
something up there and then I got to
give something to Callahan for the tour
cuz they're driving and rather than
flying with some stuff like some gear
I'm just gonna let him put it in the
truck the u-haul truck with all the
other gear so I gotta go do that today
just more driving but first I forgot to
clean this little dude yesterday so
guess who's getting cleaned is he trying
to say how do you nicely
you think the sweetest dog in the world
no one would think I mean it was too
sweet
let's go into the camera keeps running
into the bushes he won't come back so I
have to keep doing this
so you only want to get them over here
gotta clean you back come on buddy does
he like the water does he not like the
water can't tell
now he's is pissed Zoey's just like
don't do it so what we got to do is Oh
everytime he messes with you we just got
spraying with the hose
we're at the beach company and we are
trying our best there is delicious what
do you think it's good Beach Mountain
for the delicious right now yeah makes
it a little bit of a fall earlier
nothing like too crazy but
yes much dessert ears on beers
the amazing girls for that we're having
right now Thank You Melissa
Thank You Meg all right buddy
back seat thank you appreciate a hey big
nose since I gotta go you know for a
nice little Drive the end down south I
wanted to bring the pups so that way
they never stay at the house all by
themselves me getting this yesterday I
had to go to Orlando obviously and then
to chill the house so I felt kind of
guilty zwo not on the road trip
look guys there's a tennis ball let's
get the tennis ball there just reach
reach girls reach who wants it first you
want it I get the other road-test balls
in the back
when Megan my sister put a tattoo on my
ass
boiled butterfly
because if you look at it it's a little
imagine just got here immediately Marley
goes right by the pool I do kind of miss
this house every once in a while
but I just love that house that we have
now I missed this I think this is this
and that I miss that and I hate our
neighbor behind us so I think that kind
of adds to everything oh and I forgot
about the alligator I hate that thing
too I just had to come here for a little
bit just to check on some things make
sure the pool is clean just for all the
open houses and just kind of make sure
everything's kind of still in order
there's been a ton of traffic through
this place but I think honestly I think
what it is is because I think you guys
remember when we were living here this
house is very hard to like kind of
understand would like the layout so I
think that's kind of been the the issue
with a couple people not a lot a couple
people really really really like it you
know like having that room over there
and then everything just being so I
guess it would be almost like a you it's
just a lot of walking I guess versus
like the house we have now in st. Pete I
freaking love because everything's so
centralized like for example if I was in
that office slash bedroom and I wanted
to get to the master bedroom I'd have to
walk I mean it sounds kind of stewardess
at the walk that far because it's not
that far yeah hey Zoe
like if she wanted to she get his bite
his head off but she's so good she's let
some lick his teeth her teeth which I
found out I think one of you guys is a
sign of dominance like they have
somebody else like another dog somebody
else likes ours liking our TV like we
lick their teeth it's kind of like a
like a dominant thing saying like okay
I'm the Alpha right now lick my teeth I
don't want to go to a dentist
Thank You Cole thank you so much amazing
actually
it's similar to a miller lite I know
I hear that you're here that's why you
have a beard now named after you okay
problem is okay I would be here everyday
for you
question are you drinking your beer yes
I am alright good
I was gonna be at work in a second no
that's very cool let's nice to me I'm
Ally
they sees you Bobby there's this loner
duck over here I'm afraid he's gonna get
hit by a car or something duck come on
we had duck to hurt her going through
the water go back to the water oh forgot
ducks can fly
I think that's the dumbest thing I think
I've probably said in a while you guys
remember when we had those little pet
ducks that we rescued
those guys were so cute if you guys
didn't see that part of our lives just
go watch the video you probably saw the
day number on that little clip what
ended up happening is that Ali and I
went to this flea market it's kind of
like a shady one and we saw these little
ducks like living in their own feces it
was disgusting so Ali and I bought them
cleaned them up in a nice little pool
and then took him to a that can it's
like a farm that recipes but it was like
a rescue
Mireille
she might have just found her soulmate
not a beginning you trust me you can
dance
just load it up on the berries I don't
know if I was ever had back there just
the thing some yellow card right now
I think our official unofficial song if
you remember a long time ago we in at
first introduced a Leon walk tour so
it's worked for 2014 you're right April
8 2014
Ali and I would watch that song every
single time
and then when I was still on towards you
to go back I would watch it every single
day I brought you guys with me because I
know everybody loved you to my raspberry
did you like it nope Doug okay one two
three
I just made this Wow if you didn't know
missed a couple videos like a couple
videos ago the two new t-shirts are now
available at CTFxC merch calm the girly
mint one I guess you can call it the 70s
retro and then the long t-shirt that we
may have here awesome I'll just shut up
and I'll show you so this is what I was
talking about this is the the mint I
guess is what it's called and then
that's a long shirt and then we have
this other bundle going on right now
for the winter it's like if you buy the
hoodie and you get a beanie for like
four or five bucks trust me if you're in
any cold weather worth it
there's a little speck on there there we
go it's like a Boop the dates that are
on here is this one it's available or is
that one it very cool the hand of dude
Russian Imperial Stout
so we brewed it in August put it in the
barrel on October what all the barrel
will do compared to um so what the
barrel does is gives it a nice milky
character and outside of barrels they
have a chart so it'll also give an inch
Labour's pending on how fresh the barrel
is we can also get the flavor of that
spirit is so bourbon whiskey barrel from
high west out of Park City Utah we're
getting the second hand so there was
another beer in here that was in there
for about two years and so it soaked up
a lot of that bourbon whiskey flavor
so has no real you're still gonna really
nice like chocolatey charred character
mochi character from the barrels Wow so
is this where you taste it from yep very
cool alright now we're gonna break this
bad boy open don't don't make it gross
Smeg I know bag why are you guys friends
with me how do you know how long to
barrel it or you know my taste
no we tasted every couple weeks yeah
that's pretty much exactly how you know
when it's ready to be bottled it's just
by tasting every every couple weeks
every month we'll probably bottle this
it's getting really close so we'll
probably bottle it and
no two three weeks what you were just
doing is that really important before
you bring it out yeah about sanitation
okay just because there's so much wild
area in the air you don't want to get
any of that in your beer if you're
looking for a specific flavor profile
because
so for dinner I decided I was gonna make
these little mini pizzas with flatbread
or I should say actually technically
naan bread and a n with little dots I'd
pray I'm saying that completely wrong
sorry I'm today's video was a little bit
confusing with Ali's Clips being from
last night Ali and I were both up until
like 6:00 or 7:00 in the morning trying
to get clips to go back and forth
unfortunately those didn't send last
night so I figured might as well put
them in here so that way you know they
don't go lost or something like that
they don't get uploaded so I just wanted
to just in case you guys were like wait
a minute what's going on like if you're
confused while watching it and I'm sure
you were so that's why I just wanted to
clarify it so I'm gonna that's the Bell
I'm gonna leave my pizza I'll see if it
looks good I'm sorry to show you it
looks good yeah I just looked like a
melted mess I will see you guys tomorrow
as always don't forget to subscribe and
click that little like button and have a
great night bye guys
