good morning Internet hey guys I just
saw that in the corner of the screen
right there
you havin fun over there claims over
everything today I'm going to be good oh
yeah I hope that was gross poor family I
guess threw up get the crap out of it I
don't know what there's something you're
right glad you feel okay alright anyway
I was saying is that today's gonna be
pretty sweet I just talked to hunter I'm
gonna be leaving probably it'll waste
some time because to get to Orlando at
the time around like 6 or 7 I'll be
sitting in la style traffic which would
be like wouldn't
I'd be like 3 hours of something that
takes me an hour and a half you okay pal
don't feel so good today yeah you throw
up again so I'm gonna go a little bit
later so that way I don't get stuck in
traffic oh now I gotta clean this crap
up tin this is disgusting hey you put
your head in shame as Marley now because
dogs are disgusting I had to make sure
all of its kind of melted into the
ground otherwise mothers and I'll
guarantee you or kill you in a second
watch this - look he doesn't know how to
bark yet he's trying to learn is that
all you can do stop climbing over
everything
that's adorable you're so close I know
you can do it
mark come here I need to put your ear
medicine you're not Marley Marley come
here I'll come to you fine okay get your
ear medicine in we are alive and we made
it we slept very well last night it's
now on the ground this is a plus I don't
know if I told you guys where we're
actually staying so we're at this
mountain called Beach mountain staying
at the pinnacle in twitch is so amazing
Melissa's friend is the one who got us
all hooked up with this amazing girls
trip that we're taking it's like my lab
I feel like it's like my last girls trip
before I get married and my brother told
ya
hey it's a great birthday present I'll
take it your thanks girl oh that's my
mom yeah it's absolutely beautiful out
today it's kind of funny because last
night it looked a little bit more
terrifying and today it just looks
amazing
and something else it was pretty amazing
as earlier at that truck right there the
guy was going around scraping off the
ice on everyone's window today we're not
really sure what we're going to do we
are going to start off with coffee
though
that is a must she needs it I need it
meg needs it bad as you guys know I'm
always on the hunt to try to find
something cool in the CTFxC I could tell
you guys whether it's like a product I
use or a video game I play and I have
another one for you guys this is
actually called bubble witch 3 saga
obviously it's part of the bubble witch
franchise I honestly just want to say
thank you so much the King amazing name
the makers of bubble witch 3 saga for
sponsoring this video so let me just
tell you a little bit about this game
because honestly I have not been able to
put my phone down while playing this
thing it's a brand new bubble popping
game I guess that's the best way you can
describe it it's not just that it's got
a bunch of little modes inside it
there's characters ok the main character
that you play as is Stella obviously a
witch and you're going around trying to
chase an evil cat which is named Wilbur
which is an awesome name and you have a
buddy cat who's a good cat and that
cat's name is Nero so Nero is your buddy
as you're going through this entire
world this whole world isn't just ok let
me back up really quick so this is like
one
those linear bubble-poppin games what I
really like about this Nero the good cat
gives you like these little missions or
little quests along the way my favorite
mode is called ghost mode there's a
bunch of ghosts on the top and you got
this little ghost and you got a burst
these bubbles strategically to reunite
the little lost ghost to the ghost
friends at the top I don't know why
that's my favorite one but it just seems
the most rewarding Terina coast honestly
like when I'm playing through the levels
I hope to get those ones rather than
just talk about it let me just show you
what I'm talking about so as you can see
the ghost buddies are up there and you
got this little lost ghost you had this
little like shooter line so you can see
what's going on I shoot at the bloom and
then she got more up there the ghost
will go over here hopefully he'll be
meeting his other girlfriends and since
Valentine's Day is so close they want to
do something nice for you guys the
players every time you buy one of the
special bundles in the game you get 50%
more go check it out guys the game is
free
as always guys I only want to make sure
if I do a sponsor video that it's
something that I genuinely like I don't
want to do something that I don't like
and that I know you guys won't like I
know you will like this games so go
check it out I'll put a link down in the
description and what little Maya
actually on I'm on level 38 I think you
guys can probably beat me so if you do
please take some screenshots and send it
to me on Twitter you better like little
angels okay little baby angels hey in
case you guys want to lay out later okay
right there so one thing's for sure we
will not lose make today but check out
that view their girls are gonna go
skiing
I may refrain from skiing today because
if I break my leg
ah 29 days before I get married I could
be in a lot of trouble I could be in a
lot of trouble with my fiance and I've
given a lot of trouble with a lot of
people's I may refrain from that but I'm
not really sure yet I'm still too baby
picking out this view makes me a little
bit excited there's a water we found
your water alright gotta go get some
medicine for Finley since he's been
throwing up I think what it is is that
he's just he's still a puppy so he's
still inherently stupid
I mean that in the nicest way possible
thank you sweet I think he's eating so
fast and he's getting himself sick he's
done that twice now I fed him a little
bit just to make sure like he can't eat
it all at once because the stomach is
still so small and he can't gobble it
down like Zoe your mother yet even
though they shouldn't do it anyway
well you'll mark are you ready for the
park
why are you ready for the park okay 100%
Floridians and I think we've mentioned
that about 15 times say between Melissa
and I but I we have I think I have a I
have like a pretty sick sports bra I
have a tank top and another tank top and
then I have a sweater and then I have a
jacket and then they have another jacket
I feel pretty good right now I'm not
even gonna lie I feel pretty good girls
we could go please shuffleboard - my
heart is so full happiness are these
seats heated yours alright ours are I
don't know it feels pretty toasty back
here maybe it's cuz my bum is a little
chilly so we are off to ski slopes I
mean our otter get coffee we're up to
get coffee what am I thinking of course
we're off to get coffee oh and one other
thing I want everyone to go to Moses
Channel and say congratulations you hit
150,000 subscribers today so keeps so
huge so big and amazing do you guys are
not subscribed to her yet please make
sure you go to her channel and hit that
subscribe button because she is an
amazing person and obviously if she's
doing pretty amazing things with her
life so what really I don't know if
Emily's ever been in the park yet but
that'd be giant Dalmatian like Mastiff
just scared the crap look like a
freaking horse hey buddy
making friends by ever really kind of
went and did a dog park day and for me
at least years somebody was trying to
escape this Finley's I believe they're
making some friends or some enemies Finn
come here
Finnick there's all those slobber marks
Finn quick stop it stop moving Finlay
stop moving we see how those slobber
marks go those slobber Mike's
pee village up here beach mountain but
there's a skating rink
obviously that's the lift over there and
right now we are in dire need for some
hot coffee so that's our first our first
stop may I say it's quite beautiful
they're so big is that the fire pit no
it's not the fire pit but it's a fire
pit those might not keep me one but my
lord of delicious break it down girls
break it down girls break it down girls
Rick it down gonna sing how the music
brings a little like warmth to our hurts
ready to go pick up our ski passes you
know hit slopes man we are we're on the
prowl oh nothing I just have one that
we're honor we're gonna just go explore
I think I lost Finley he's loving every
single dog which is kind of nice
because some of the dogs are kind of
like not putting him in his place but
kind of reminding him that he's not the
alpha dog which is kind of nice because
it's kind of I'm noticing him when he
goes or hangs out with Zoey Marley now
that he's calmer today as I mentioned I
think yesterday I'm going to be going to
the AFI show in Orlando
I'm gonna hang out with valentina and
Danny not gonna live today's gonna be a
personal like triumph for me because
today will be the longest I Drive I
could have to go from here to Orlando
which I haven't you know necessarily
done by myself yet there's no smiley
this is a big moment for me and I'm not
gonna lie I'm a little freakin nervous
but I know what to do it and I've been
feeling fine and feeling great sorry
that was my rescue and I on her she's
being a little dick god I don't miss
those ears though so we're
first up we pulled on the wrong door so
we were upstairs a pulley on the door
trying to get in on door 12 a rug dark
but then we came down to the right door
walked in spot you rimsky cuz we're
gonna want a couple hours to drink some
bears what you want to do thanks earlier
I do want to take it all in they're
getting their skis and their boots right
now and I have to sit on the sidelines I
know you guys probably think I'm crazy
but just because the wedding's so close
I have to be like super careful but I
think tomorrow I'm gonna try and see you
guys just because I don't want to be
that person to be on the ski trip
doesn't make sense
did you hey miss baby feet did you find
some girl I love the way you walk you
should totally wear those out tonight
meg it's never skate before she's lived
in so most of your life skis snowboarded
never tubed never played hockey you know
stronger I skated
I think she's touched it before and
again I'm not even really sure I'm the
worst Michigander ever miss keener that
Michigander we're just for it again
Florida yes nice
the Ducks whacked him in the head it's
so fun nobody walks him back he's
learning how to dog he keeps moving
though this is great because when I
leave that they would be nice and tired
there's like I'm just gonna lay here I'm
gonna eat this stick it's gonna be a
great day
hey guys I got the perimeter I'll make
sure no squirrels get in here that's
what she's looking at through the
squirrel right there the girls are off
to try their first time at skiing which
will be quite interesting I know that
legs a little bit intimidated but I
think she's gonna be fine this is a nice
little spot - thank you calling me there
Malin right now good luck Melissa I'll
cheer you on there Melissa goes she's
got it she's got it I'm actually really
impressed she's doing so good I'm not
really sure where meg is though so
success for Melissa making it down make
almost made it down it fell on her
button very good right there see that
human right there on the ground getting
up that's Meg well that was fun
I don't know if you can see exactly how
wet this dog is he got his ass not
kicked but he had fun both little dogs
look at that you're soaking wet
you've slobber all over the place you're
getting a bath before at the league you
can't understand anything I'm saying cuz
your dog fin look over here good good my
finger can you guys see I'm sure I can
tell you guys can see it's a lot more
prominent on the camera than I thought
your dummy I'm sure to anybody that's
never seen this before thinks that we're
completely obnoxious carrying around
camera that's what makes it so fun is
that we can look back on these moments
when most people
remember them we just get some moments
where we come back and say okay I look
like a fool or hey a time in my life
there this is one thing that makes this
trip very interesting and very fun and
very memorable you go Meg you did good
out there I was rooting for you I was
rooting for you Meg just gave lessons on
how to start and stop yourself when it's
Pizza Pizza Melissa's back are you
feeling better now with your new
chainsaw boots really I couldn't feel
them at all that's not good you're like
it's because in the snow I'm like no yes
I can't feel them you did really good I
was really impressed with you yeah I was
really impressive you too I was voting
for you you're doing so good and also I
was like oh where'd she go and then like
the people spread apart and I see you on
the ground
you did good though you very impressed
with you yeah obviously I'm home right
now just gonna get something to eat
really quick feed the dogs and then I
think Kaitlyn's gonna come and let them
out and play with them for a little bit
got a strawberry you want it all right
what she loves are strawberries so you
want a strawberry I don't think you like
them breakdance that's a rollover look
at the moon how much is reflecting off
the water right now
since this is my first time driving
across the state essentially I had the
time lapse going so I can remember this
memory sounds cheesy I know it sounds
cheesy but for me it's kind of a cool
accomplishment
hello Orlando made to you safely made it
met up with Danny what up Val couldn't
come because you know she has to work in
the morning and she's also carrying a
child yeah giggled herself to sleep
tonight it was one of the funniest
things I've ever seen
I got to make sure hunters got his basis
alright guys so I officially gave it
back to Hunter I told him was going to
steal it I already told him already did
at the same base so we're gonna do
brother
yeah thanks probably those brothers I
like that yeah I had to get ready make
sure you go to the AFI tour go
I know dude Charles we love that many
Iowa okay
calling after that by the way
take absolutely don't ask anyone
I told was like I told it was like
so call it make it happen
well guys sorry sorry I'm tripping on
everything today apparently we start the
day tripping it was in the day tripping
I get it cuz my last name it's 2:30 in
the morning I'm exhausted but I made it
home safely it was awesome to get the
hang out with Hunter and talk with I
haven't got the Steve in a while so it's
kind of cool to catch up today's
question of the day though I want you
guys to tell me your favorite all-time
band who is your favorite band who's
your go-to band that you like to listen
to tell me in the comments and please
click that little thumbs up button it
just takes a second I really appreciate
it and if you're brand new welcome
subscribe our wedding is coming up in
less than 30 days it's something crazy
like that so I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
bye guys
