well you record things after the fact
like 15 years ago saying alright girls
are rolling out safe pace was this
eighth grade pay check check me out on
the heezy shizzle my nizzle i'm
publishing this little thing is over
here he's chillin right now I'm gonna
get the spurt of energy it's gonna
you're getting ready to head out to
parent Creek and I'm so excited to
retired so I got to bed early 1:32 after
the work that had to do last night with
editing and things of that sort
I'm pretty freakin tired but I'm super
excited so it doesn't really matter so I
won't take my vitamins and hopefully
that kicks me into gear one thing I
forgot to mention girls trip
girls trip first off that intro is
pretty crazy right Danny saw it and
immediately sent it to me so I had to
put it as an interest as you saw earlier
this morning ally and the girls started
their trip to Asheville they had this I
don't really know what it is basically
mostess friend has a company and they
wanted to do some sort of I guess travel
adventure thing with them so they're
going to go do that I'm staying back so
I can watch these guys because as you
can see there's a lot to be watched
things oh he wants to kill him right now
just as the girls left and just as I got
back to sleep I got a bunch of
deliveries what actually happened is a
friend of mine hunter you guys probably
know a lot of people watching the videos
this is like 2009 hunter Bergen the
basis of a a 5-1 a shorty award in like
2009 same time I won one and we kind of
just started like talking and becoming
friends anyway afi's on tour right now
how
I recommend going watching them and I'm
gonna go watch them on Friday in Orlando
and he had fenders sent out a couple
basis and rather than sending them to
venues and potentially getting him lost
or stolen which I can totally see and
respect the reason why he didn't want to
do that he sent them to me because I'm
going to the show so I have to protect
these things with my life
the one thing I do need to check those
because anytime you travel with a guitar
you have to check the strings to make
sure the neck doesn't get bent and like
shipping or like specially on an
airplane so I want to make sure that's
all taken care of and then that way I
can bring it to them they could play in
an awesome show because if you have
never seen a Fi go watch them seriously
they get great shows first off no cracks
or anything like that in here it's
coming from Fender you know there's
gonna be some pretty good packing that
say these are some of the coolest
looking basses I've ever seen all right
Finn don't get your hair on it back up I
got a call on the letterbox so you stop
worrying about it man I don't know guys
I hate to be that type of person but I
totally want to get this bass it is so
freakin nice it's a new American
Professional Series from fender the
fender p-bass I recommend it if you can
find one and I just checked it out of
course the coolest color has to be this
one right here so I already told hunter
that don't be surprised if I'm gonna be
playing the same bass or if one of these
goes missing
now I'm not gonna do that but I probably
will get the bass so nice I love the
smell with guitars when you first get
when you first open up the case no you
stay away sir are you stuck there
brother there you go there's all these
lazy dogs hey my pass that over there
she's hiding from Finley
you sold me out bro oh guy he's up he's
up you guys are all screwed my goal
today is to get a bunch of stuff done so
when Ali comes home she's surprised that
I did it so for example I don't know if
you guys ever noticed in the videos this
is because Marley always jumps up it
hits this thing and tries to open up
doors so I'm gonna try to restain this
and put some sort of baby thin piece of
plastic over this little area so that
way when she jumps up it doesn't happen
again
using my brain I still have it
in the backseat this is where we ended
up melons
this is the middle of nowhere strip club
I should say welcome to melons slightly
creepy out here well you know you know
how they do it out here with wooden
bowls over here they are so yeah this is
a nice little stop I'm so happy that if
something happens to if we're in a
really safe spot like super safe melons
we're out of a job melons come work in
melons everyone this is true we're out
in the middle of nowhere there's
absolutely nothing but there is one
thing a Cracker Barrel drew all very
excited biscuits gravy Sam egg sandwich
if you had their egg sandwich
have you had their eggs old girl you
don't even know what you're missing
unfortunately our little idea with the
palates it seems to be super freakin
heavy so like idiots we should have done
this begin with so I bought a piece of
fence and then that way we could try to
do that and I think it'd be a little bit
more portable as well as lighter as well
as just a smarter all-around smarter I
don't know why we think about that to
begin with we wouldn't have to like
drive around trying to find it okay
where is the stupid truck there we go
renovage run into the truck so I can get
that taken care of so when Ali comes
back cause she'll probably want to do it
I'll probably end up doing it though
just because I'm impatient 1886 is my
truck got the club and everything a road
trip is not complete without a stop at
Cracker Barrel that's exactly where jump
in we're gonna go over so some biscuits
and gravy make sandwich orange juice
coffee we're gonna play a few games
we're gonna sit down a few rocking
chairs and then we're off again gonna
have to get used to all these cameras
out your face
as many of you know hungry women are
scary women so we had to feed ourselves
who are all getting real hungry and real
angry
Melissa of course gets her concoction of
food I'm surprised there are no French
fries over here or a side salad seems
logical this is one weird feeling truck
I feel like I just stole that thing
because nobody came out to help me so I
had to back the thing up and to back
that thing up shut up Charles you're an
idiot it just slide it in only problem
I'm worried about now is getting it out
of the truck okay you gotta hand it to
me guys I'm carrying this thing above my
head why not nope it's far not the
smartest thing my only option I'll show
you how
get rid of my decision
all right service doesn't week I have no
idea how I just did that you know like
one of those things we're like I'll sure
I don't want this week are
okay one of those things like this I
mean it's not the same like scenario but
like you know like when there's somebody
stuck underneath the like a car and
there's always those reports of keep
skipping driving there always reports of
people being able to lift like cars or
something stupid like that oh there's
our awesome neighbor of course he pulls
it now it's kind of it I felt like right
there keep dropping this thing was
definitely not supposed to be able to
pick that up on myself I'm actually kind
of genuinely impressed I need an
achievement point I needed an
achievement point now sorry I'm into
wine but I'm good sure could that be
what's called Cui's Google is providing
us and
is not a joke we're probably one of the
creepiest places I've ever been to in my
entire life we've seen one form of life
and then one human I'm a Quartermaine
I'm going to call Jonathan just makes me
feel more confident most days houses are
abandoned and broken down and it's kind
of terrifying and there's no service and
zero no service no service whatsoever
but yeah we're totally safe maybe give
you some fried chicken and poison you at
the same time
yeah there's way too many tombstones out
here for the amount of people I've seen
so if you guys don't hear from us come
find us so that hair was real nice
we got so many different stains now so I
figure out it's not red oak maybe dark
walnut that's a potential hickory maybe
not mahogany dark walnut again no this
sucks mahogany is too light red oak no I
think it's more of a brown Finley you
stay inside buddy
it's like having a baby
this game uses jumps and tries to eat
your face though I definitely think it's
a stain Ali thinks it's a paint I just
got a package from UPS I had just asked
Lily past lady I was like who does this
look like to you it's just like it
definitely looks like a stain I stained
two different things and I want to ask
you your opinion even though it'll be a
day late but it'll still want to ask
your opinion okay hold on
I got to put this away otherwise I'm
getting fell over all right everyone
this one which I completely forgot which
one that is
or this one oh man that cuz that's night
or day it's definitely this one okay so
I got to go fix this this is from Marlee
always trying to open the damn door
before everyone screenshot this so we
can have this as a comparison Finn stop
pissing off the dogs yeah I feel like
really accomplishing things today dun
goofed I don't move
so if we ever need to redo this everyone
remember Hickory cuz you know I won't
remember that was Zoe Zoe keeps getting
beat up by family so he just eat his
face just eat them I'm telling you
though just eat them don't let him do
that deal Zoe's too nice to kick his ass
cool all right there we go watch my
hands and I'll show you guys it looks
like and this is after did it blend in I
mean it's still wet so it's got to dry a
little bit but I think I think I did it
I want to say high-five but I got
nothing but staying all over my hands so
let's just hope that we don't I'll break
down out here girls we're in this tiny
little town on our way to Asheville it's
very cute there's not much life here but
hey that's okay they do have CrossFit
that's important we have like an hour
and a half until we get to eat now
that's a sunset
I feel honestly today I just today I
just woke up and I felt like ready to
accomplish everything I possibly could I
didn't quite get everything that I
wanted done but at any rate I feel
accomplished
picking up medication for the tour
that's one thing I really really really
freaking hate because it's always so
confusing as well on tour trying to get
prescriptions refilled because you have
to transfer things different pharmacies
and because of what I take it's
controlled substance which is kind of
scary to think about they could just
mesh up my medication and just make meth
or something anyway it just becomes
problematic when I'm going all over the
place across state borders and you know
people questioning me over and over
again I have a better license now so
people won't question that because when
I had the long hair and I look 21 years
old
people would always go
oh man I got stayin all over they put my
hand a big thing of poo we're now doing
the turn around so you get through the
spotlight on my face
who else is driving roads of mountains
which when I drove was a pretty
intimidating thing but Moses doing it
like a champ see we just have a we have
a gang your friends right behind us
they're all hanging out making sure we
get out the mountain peacefully you know
I feel like this is a much better and
that's a real snowman just kidding
I built that with my own to end so windy
this is crazy to me yes are you close
enough and her seat just goes forward to
Meg and I look at each other like what
the what just happened the water bottle
dude sewed you got keys into our pool
and hot tip a ball I mean yeah that's
gonna be really fun I heard 600 pounds
of he wants to be friends with it's
always so bad or is he gonna actually be
calm he's gonna let you become it's
crazy
who are you and what do you do with
Finley I wonder whose little puppy
prints these belong to they're too tiny
for Zoey's somebody's in super puppy
mode right now all right that's it
that's it let me see a puppy mode how
high can you jump now can you get pretty
high wow you almost got it though dude
oh jeez think with my finger I deserve
that good jump and what will happen if I
go like that pretty much what I thought
I know right
holy crap what time is it the new shirts
are now going on sale right now holy
about that yes so if you guys didn't
know the brand new shirts this one and
this one are now available see
TMX eMERCOM you guys asked for a
pre-order so that way we could have any
size available versus me just
guesstimating so right now I think we
have extra small to three XL shirts
available hopefully everyone we ought to
get a shirt that they want so everyone
right now go to CTFxC merch calm just
pause the video give you a nice pause
face the pub layout and go there I hope
you guys like these shirts because I've
always wanted to make a long shirt and
I've always wanted to make like a girl
type of shirt and the design the 1970s
like logo type design is one of my
favorites I think that we've ever had I
hope you guys wear these shirts with
pride and I can't wait to see you guys
wearing all the CTFxC stuff on this tour
because what's he doing no that's the
thing about having a puppy it's like I'm
so used to Zoe and Marley just chilling
and do their own thing with him I got to
keep my eyes and my ears open because
he's doing something look what he did to
the baby gate he wanted to go upstairs
he destroyed it I watched him he
literally leaped over and when he leaped
over he kicked back and just shattered
thank God we'd all have a baby right now
cuz that thing sucks but not only do we
have the new shirts we have the new
hoodie and if you buy the hoodie I think
we have a bundle where you get a beanie
for five bucks so even more winter stuff
so go get them I hope to see you guys on
tour wearing them and staying nice and
warm we walked literally maybe a hundred
feet and our fingertips were frozen and
purple and we were just running around
like we had dinosaur arms it was pretty
bad and now we're on a mission to go
find Melissa's phone because it possibly
fell into the snow sure and we're all
dressed like two Floridians
I got all going try not to sit on her
bud hey you want to talk to Finn you
lost he's watching The Simpsons he's
watching The Simpsons and distracted by
homer stopped at a grocery store and
it's crazy it's super windy up here
really oh yeah it's crazy windy it's
scary nice things they have an indoor
hot tub that we're gonna try and go to
but I it's 11 degrees right now Finley I
don't you know your middle name trippy
what are you doing you've literally
taken out every damn toy why aren't you
going to bed yet so am i moving your
cursor yes you are opening up everything
on your computer yeah but babe but babe
what's wrong it appears all goofed up
what's wrong with your computer
