all the dogs are up in the bed right now
and so we're trying to get behind me
and shot the bed twice and then yeah
good beautiful right here right there
and you want almost women
that's undressing writing I'm not crazy
thunderstorm he keeps hitting like my
house like a mile away easy to like in
your dog bed skiers I mean she was
literally in the pillows I don't know if
he doesn't consider that funny that she
does that yeah she's done it multiple
times before okay genitals that does
your bed your bed yesterday as you
clearly saw there was a huge lightning
and thunder storm Zooey Marley and beans
over freaking the hell out since oh I
screwed up I screwed up royally
yesterday I didn't look at the website
for the Manatee viewing I woke up a
little earlier got the vlog uploaded we
are now on our way to hopefully see some
manatees and hopefully not screw it up
this time they close at five with plenty
of time and saying that but look look
what happened now I don't know where the
traffic came from screwed up yesterday
trying to redeem myself today I just
want to do some sea cows and where all
the clouds are made in Tampa and st.
Pete as you can see there's no clouds
over to the left but there's multiple
clouds over there hmm
my theory is this work loves me
I might know if this place closed its
wagon I've really got a ramp at 18f look
we can give a tour of electric power
plant actually do that well apparently
this is a much more popular area than we
anticipated it do not look like the
Chester correct me if I'm wrong
what white means like water vapor right
and black is just disgusting stuff I
don't smell anything to be honest with
this
we're also upwind here I told you a
cloud maker hooked up this place is very
quiet
Oh
this is very unlikely fly so fine giving
photos of the big term ride you guys
remember my old house we had one of
these things or go that way DMO
right huge I can't see anything
well there's a little bit anti-climatic
I thought for sure they'd be a little
closer it's kind of hard to show you
whereas you guys can see it's pretty hot
in this water as a result of all the
other all turning to the mayor now but
as a result of being so close this water
is really back watery they love the bath
water
they remain motionless on the bottoms
and worth it okay so seven or twenty
minutes we'll see you guys maybe I'll
get one to pop up waiting it manatees
are resting there probably I think a
little asleep to pop out pop it up and
go back down it will see in another 30
minutes
well not a manatee but still people this
is simple
try every Susan t-shirt not as look the
best rain or great round we were hoping
this would be a little bit cooler it's
really cool you're here on camera it's a
little tough to get all the what's going
on like
it's uncanny I think you're here you can
actually see everything it just the lens
doesn't pick up the drive can see
underwater a little easier than Beach
less the lens and the thing but maybe
maybe there'll be one on the side just
imagine having the job to go not there
not there but right there to pick
something I'm terrified of heights
my god sorry fish so you know the
payment of the managers not that extreme
turn I came out really really long socks
we're actually at the power plant I was
just saying how all the trucks with nice
little toys truck and a world of Legos
like a Lego castle looks like commit
murder connect yeah what they look like
yes when you're like Legos before adult
we get through trenches so crazy you
know this thing is so huge so a record
set that's what it is
I feel like connected towards let's
connect some plastic I think I record
guys with the ones like these the metal
and the bolts and not think all I know
is that no Lincoln Log so that Alright
mob go home what a bad guy
hi mom Oh meow
yeah that novel I tried to explain it I
wanted to see a man achieve he's just
like full I'm like no excuses go find
your man a few friends were like I don't
have food it was like mom like I don't
seek Garhwal this Narwhal lose my mind
how the fish that's on the narwhal I
loved playing professionally I bet you
the mangroves where you'll find those
fighter planner crabs and jump on
everyone over the last time we went over
those rods in the tree I guarantee we're
going to find some of the truth
I would put money on five bucks five
bucks it's a simple five dollar day
these books great all right watch out
there's a walk
however when you get scared you go like
this like that's going to hide you
that's through your camouflage but
putting your head back like a turtle
you're going to be completely
camouflaged no one will find ally like
for example but where I can find alley
you'd be normal yeah everyone sees ally
now hi no no one Caesar wait how you
been doing that with dissipation no it's
the Kristen Wiig babe there's a baby can
like I like it sizzle Tim just
everything good I just choose to do it
other people like not yes I can do it
good I want to wait make 5 bucks 20
squared F alright so there's two of them
Chandler was going to Minnie Minnie been
against I pick snapcash venmo PayPal -
whatever you do that you want you can
write a check that's cool - little bit
okay I have you over here - I will give
you a ride I was driving
they take you anywhere I've got one with
the dorky glasses and you're
embarrassing me he's really not okay now
she is alley runs office it says hungry
Kojak was coming you can breathe son
except the kid would use Capri Sun how
did you put that fraud put in the center
now here's what's on the bottom
what's this sorcery I'm laid down in one
fall over
oh you see at the bottom now all right
you always do that usually silver at the
bottom you can see the tooth and just
have it easy now tis nor you do is I
would take my three sons draws what are
you giving this and it would stick it
through my dear handbook and they would
drink through it and then movie
subcostal trying to please people if I
stand out so lunch at like cafeteria
here you go I want to hold out here till
tender
I want each drinks in this event
I wanted a massive overdose paper I used
to be there how would you be able to
drink that that makes no sense
as we make our biggest driving picking
it out I can't figure the whole yeah you
do that and then I would I have maybe
you want a bigger straw and made a
longer straw do that
Oh buddy man
at least you make sure your water
marlott oh it moved a little bit
hey fish is I were just going to wait 45
minutes for me to come up for air right
little oh well there you guys go
that's a man of peace now it's as close
as we've gotten today on this bird is
stalking a fish big a one's got one oh
well that's not where I wanted her to go
catch the big here joy come out so come
back I give up first-person view I'll be
trying to catch Marley good go sketch
you came across the dilemma today go
cager and was just like really ambience
hey lady
we're realizing on the way home we had
to look flight for my trip back out to
Cincinnati to get dressed I want to go
into great detail but basically things
got messed up with our flights we had to
read books applies and then at me
Charles realize that he has not yet
booked two flights come home from being
on tour for our wedding I just assumed I
was gonna get home I don't oh here's a
good settlement of boom does not a wild
unicorn and you're gonna fly through the
sky across the rainbow to get here
definitely thought we flew I'm using
miles to fly Melissa and Allie have to
go get their wedding dress while we are
using my miles well just don't try to
say is like we were trying to use my
miles to fly Allie Melissa and sly
Melissa out with Allie and others is
used
miles to fly out the wedding dress short
story what happened was that's what it's
supposed to happen
Ali me but apparently all the miles came
out of my account and now he can't fly
home yeah well he can we're here yeah
we're going to use my mouth to find it
mom but he doesn't get the luxury of
being done medallion to fly the home
funny funny issue him and I kind of
realized that this trip that I'm doing
with girls which I'm very excited about
starts tomorrow kind of came out like a
really crazy time once I get home I'm
going to be home with him for like two
days and he flies out and he's gone up
until the wedding which is crazy I did
not put two and two together with that
whole booking and this entire thing and
then I get back to my trip I filed our
slide to Columbus and he's going to be
on tour like I signed up until the
wedding so it's just the tenth yeah she
our weddings on the 11th he flies home
in the morning on the 10th so we're
going to still be working on morning
stuff while he's away on tour and it's
just a honeymoon
hopefully rate after tour so basically
guys it's about to get real so make sure
you're subscribed welcome to the real
world like brandy yeah shoving jerk I
look like death right now
honey you're married death Hey okay wait
wait we tell one thing that's writing
like this no I get it like this don't
you feel dumb
okay yeah I just folded the mail I
thought of you I thought I had to refold
them because they were terrible don't
really deal ally work that if you don't
give a silly game if you were to guess
what retail store and I started off yeah
clothing store ally started off at as
you know Ally's probably the most
magnificent folder
she's let's make very OCD I want you
guys I would make fun of her in the
comments below we will play a guessing
game what clothing store that Ally
work at in the mall which was a team
operative like I like it was my very
first job but like one of my one of the
high school jobs a specific somewhere be
Victoria's Secret see Hollister D
forever 21 or e this e right II JCPenney
in the comments below
guess where Ali used to work what was it
while Microsoft it wasn't my first job
thanks guys what my high school doesn't
say that it's got to be a stereotypical
Ali place too because which he told me I
wasn't I saw Ali plans there is to the
goal play girl you would work there it's
no it's a stereotypical place for my
when I was in high school like my would
lie yeah and I which he told me I busted
out laughing try to get high I thought
it might be fun for the day taking in
song for today yeah you don't have an
ally sponsor today okay got a three we
need an ally song song for the bit that
takes time and preparation I'm still
most entire the time of this raffle in
that now we're singer stupid song
whatever I say hey yeah I think this is
beautiful setting or hilarious we have
all these sharpies okay the Dahlia are
always looking for a pen this is our pen
it's the inside of the pen broken and we
have to write with this we have all
those sharpies which cost so much more I
didn't know how we got those idea you
had I probably just picking from tour no
one day you came home with like 40 oh we
had two sharpies that came over the
price poor I came home from tour no baby
poor still bypassing the fact that this
is our pen
no you're smelling your cauliflower
you're eating a part right now
are we just bypassing the fact that this
is our pen I keep coming back to because
I find this incredibly hilarious
alright so when you go that's what I'm
saying
relocated remember when we were building
I love you somehow to get apart I think
you know or did you just I brought I
realized yet I need the right with the
pen and I have to write with this okay
you want me to do house tripping what
are you filming
