Oh No is your heart excluding did you
call before they had no phone number I'm
genuinely genuinely disappointed with
how the whole set hey everyone good
afternoon or good morning whenever
you're watching a good evening for
watching that night if you watched
yesterday's video there was a lot of
drama with our neighbors but I don't
think he's home right now and I am
really tempted right now because the
school friend is out and i want to let
the dogs no but I also don't want to be
a jerk because of yesterday but it's
also wait what time it is what time it
is what time is it hey Google what time
is it now okay they can go park girls
girlfriend go for that looks coffin okay
this game was a tree hindi you can go to
the wrong door how the door buddy use
your brain doors wide open come on buddy
come on your dingdong come on over here
right here look hi leave the doors open
get up guys he's right there in the
truth I don't even care anymore okay
before I completely forget how cool is
that fricking intro that new intro we
decide that you just saw like 30 seconds
ago so our buddy Roberto he's done so
many design works for us the t-shirt
works and just intros for the CTFxC over
the past eight years now he designed
that new shirt that you guys saw
yesterday is a retro you know the 1970s
looking shirt for American television
which by the way that and the other
shirt the long black shirt are going to
go on sale on Friday this Friday we were
debating okay so I'll ask you guys as
well too so we were debating okay
whether or not to do a pre order or just
order a bunch of shirts and guess the
sizes and have them available once they
get in but I send a pull out on Twitter
and on Facebook to ask you guys what you
guys wanted to do if we should do
preorders and guarantee sizes or risk it
and do just like a order like me guess
the sizes and i think was i think it was
like eighty five percent 215 that say
you guys want pre-orders so that will go
on friday okay
distracted I wanted to talk about the
intro anyway so he made that designs for
that shirt and I kind of thought about I
was like this would look really cool if
we made it look like really be a chassis
like old 80's / early 90's movie intro
kind of themes and he nailed it it looks
so freaking good doesn't it there's also
a little easter egg in there I don't
know if you guys can find it or not my
practice on there and the time I was
born and the only reason I know that is
I had a copy of my birth certificate
just made for my license and it showed
me what time was born apparently was 557
didn't know that until down September
second 1984 @ 5 57 p.m. now we know if I
ever get you guys let me know I've been
doing like smoothies every single day to
Ali's been killing it with her workout
regimens and eating healthy so I have to
catch up with her now but if you'll once
tour starts I'm going to be in super
tip-top shape where you know over there
pretty cute definitely enjoying the Sun
ok enjoy that son Zoe hi be with you
lizard go get one look at that face dogs
are funny song one so far today I would
look at like TripAdvisor and things like
that to find like cool things around the
area there's been a place oddly enough
at the Tampa Electric Company the power
plant and basically have a manatee
viewing area and the reason why is
because because of the hot water because
i'm assuming turbines or something very
scientific or logical even at the
electric plant the water is super warmer
out there so manatees generally kind of
gravitate towards the electric power
plant which is kind of weird and kind of
honestly it reminds me of the simpsons
where blinky lives by the nuclear power
plant so maybe we'll see three
three-eyed manatee still a problem yeah
the only problem is it's completely east
so we have to go north to get to the
gandy bridge and around and then back
down because if you look at the state of
florida we live in what's called like
it's a peninsula legaly said but it
looks like a bottle opener so it's kind
of right there it's completely across
the pond or the Gulf they've got the
Gulf no because the Gulf is on the other
side right it is also Mexican tamiya
would I just become the bay is at the
Bay Area yeah okay the bay the best so
we're across the bay which would be cool
if we had a boat we could just go
straight there I've been wanting to see
the manatees for a long time it's going
there I don't know what is good day
after that but there's so much traffic
we left a little late so I'm fingers
crossing and I was going to bring the
drone but the problem is by electric
company and I don't think I'd be totally
allowed to fly that oh by the way on the
same topic of flying my drone remember
we was trying to fly the drone a couple
days ago and there was all those weird
restrictions I figured out why there was
all these temporary restrictions it was
because Donald Trump would there's a
puddle because he was flying into tampa
biggest amygdale air force so that makes
more sense why there was all those weird
restrictions there's normally there's
not those weird restrictions kind of
interesting that they did block off the
whole area like that
viola
fear for the beautiful that might be the
world's saddest contrary they're all of
a sudden I am movement you guys are
napping zapana we're having the
industrial part of tampa bay oh they
have ever written I don't think I've
been this far designer we just saw
perfect for what we're doing thanks to
our Florida oh yeah yeah come test range
out here's a little different a lot of
life but it's cool i like i like going
to different parts of my state that i am
not used to going to and you kind of
just discover these really unique things
i got a question that's fine for 15-17
is i won Florida became part of the
United States guys watch it's just like
a code this is code 1517 yeah right like
a city ordinance I'm very excited this
took a while I'm going to interest paid
to get here though i watch all the
manatees are like gone asleep this might
be a stupid question but you know like
surname was not like nocturnal or they
they are awake like 22 hours during the
day or sing for the search do you guys
know how long manatees are awake during
the day or all day they're not nocturnal
but the thing is there they hold their
breath a lot so they stay underwater a
lot I useful down on this river called
the alafaya river is a beautiful river
that had Gators finish lots of wildlife
but there's also a ton of manatees that
were there you very rarely saw a gator
but there were always manatees right
outside of our dock was everything i
love doing i wish about lettuce you can
bring a head of lettuce and you just
feed the manatees and there's so they're
so cute a little whiskers yeah they do
me
slow do they make a noise that
scientific yeah 19 m four baby mothers
on detta see the truth where it is where
it is my photo I'm gonna stay right
there holy crap right that's where you
can get going my list our lives in Tampa
little beach there's a beach there yeah
another time there's a basic math not
just open a helicopter school though
they were like levitating their
helicopters right a plan those old ahead
so call stones our first dog each one
thing is it's not like complete out
here yeah I remember yeah sting oh well
there's all these power plants if I
should be on the right back you haven't
a beautiful beach and all the beautiful
chrome and then you come over then it's
like a totally different world their
eyes they abhor the world we're
confident yeah I wanted the money teach
them how to do the crane oh my gosh we
should learn how to be participating in
Florida that you can rent I rent you pay
to like Simon drive one leg dig up dirt
no that's cool they had to find out
where that is distinguish keys you
hungry and it doesn't look nothing so
much sure we're gonna stop there who is
that guy up with all the orders it's a
big old guy with a red
give it
that's a short scary no right we the
kings plane over here why what's going
on one of the only negatives about this
area is what we're driving up to
currently and you giant smokestacks I'm
always curious okay it's not valley how
we make electricity how like I don't
understand the problem I was to do the
picture
like for example Wyatt life are there
smoke why's it so commanding how is that
treating like just and I was at a result
of really i mean these things are kind
of intimidating as to how big they are
we made it the only does nothing to oh
my gosh close its class god I closed an
hour ago kidding me mr. Miyagi oh no is
your heart exploding did you call before
yeah no phone number I'm genuinely
genuinely disappointed with how much so
upset oh my god you seriously hours of
operation right there oh my god I can
Ram it I can Ram it right
what are you doing
oh crap well there goes our name this
stock oh yes let you guys know it's 5 45
50 p.m. and they close at five well you
know it honey if I go on the site right
now and it says it closes at five okay
I'll check as it is I'm gonna keep those
that tell me it'll get you some ice
cream all my love it does play no say on
there at 5pm like that man what is wrong
I don't find them that I'm wrong I don't
want to acknowledge the fact I didn't
read it you always have 20 HR we just
drove an hour a half we could have gone
to orlando actually speaking of orlando
is anyone going to the AFI show in
orlando on friday cuz i will be there I
think anyone doubt in that will be R as
well I'll be there no Ali gets to go
skiing with Melissa Nashville well I'm
gonna be there for a few days and they
coming on the schedule planned for us
when we might be tuning in to me allelic
reason I've done and it's super super
icy so they were saying stuff just like
if you're not experienced here you might
want to be where are you going tubing
away yeah we're gonna going to be so
you're saying if you're not experienced
here you might want to refrain from it
it kind of scares me a little bit but
okay what are you sort of sensible I am
NOT and I never seen in my life Oh
perfect I'm money on top of it I don't
remember how this thing works does this
work do good one to fly this thing sucks
get what you pay for come on stricken
with everything just going to suck the
reason it's one of those everything
sucks for Charles days come on there
goes
oh now it's not going to work this is
red this is that lucky little later on
my mark don't worry it's not gonna pry
go yeah I don't get it there's a little
but no to make this thing go and that
one buttons not even working by the way
we as you can see we saw the zombie over
there I still know what to do with it
like do I recycle it or do I just trash
it it's so big I kind of want to just
leave it out front and see what happens
see the thing is I'm the Nintendo
generation so when things didn't work we
smacked it or we blew the dust out
that's my generation of fixing things up
there though that's right now be worked
then actually did it mazal read sure oh
my god is Nintendo generation okay well
that sucks I don't know why kisses name
okay I figured it out let me show you
watch so if I hold it and I just go like
this directly underneath it work so the
tickets on the ground i guess the
receptors right there
the work does work I things that I read
somewhere before that strawberries
really whiten your teeth and I had a
while just really insecure Velma teeth
not bad thing I just always have been
and I've always been curious on what
they do to make your teeth so white like
what's the concoction that you have to
put together to make this magical teeth
whitening yumminess I guess you just say
I basically it's just chopped up
strawberries that are like really really
grind to a pulp and being done and then
you put on your teeth anyway for five
minutes I'm just really trying make it
right now hopefully it's worth are you
narrating the rubber smell amazing so
that's very exciting little clown is
easy to mess up stories with each other
would be so there is my strawberry
baking soda concoction it smells amazing
I'm not gonna recommend eating in every
word I'm a little nervous I don't know
where to start I don't think I'm doing
this right this is a goop any night did
it take bed I'm not taking it done first
let me see your after aftermath what are
you doing are you posing yes I utica Lee
you know get scared dog like you still
want to move okay I'll pay the premium
for a tooth whitener can touch the
problem you look like the Joker right
now where the hell did you read this mmm
the Internet somebody say it was a good
idea something trolling you you know
what you should do take strawberries and
maybe baking soda I'll let you put apple
cider vinegar in there too it'll totally
make you smart guy few goes up to five
points it's true try it you become the
first person entire school or in the
entire block actually don't try it the
party is disgusting all that all that's
edible on your hand how many minutes
supposed to do this for five minutes
that's all it takes now all I hear is
the damn toilet
good
you
