this is no joke my blood is boiling
right now afternoon Internet look put my
seatbelt good afternoon
it is beautiful out I know I started
every day like that I don't know why I
don't class but hang on let me switch
over we're all better now today is the
day of like hustle and bustle for both
char and I due to the fact that he
leaves really soon for sure right now
I'm about to go donate a few more
clothes then I am not kidding I am
setting myself down and getting every
ounce of work done that I need to get
done been working a lot this morning but
for instance we showed you guys
yesterday we're working on some new
shirts or working on the girl design
right now which I think it's almost
perfect I think they're gonna really
like it I love the vibe of it it's very
very cool also we may be going to get
our marriage license today which is like
a huge thing we have to make sure that
we get it before Charlie's because
obviously you kind of need that to be
married yeah that makes sense like we're
still working on like the photo booth
I'm actually still working on a few
projects outside of all of this
everything that needs to be done kind of
snuck up on me like I knew it was coming
but it really snuck up on me I'm also
trying to get my flight all together for
going back out to hit me because my
dress is finally done which is a huge
thing my nerves have finally come down a
little bit still a little bit nervous as
to what it's gonna look like but I think
everything is going to turn out
perfectly this week on the night I leave
to go out of town with Melissa and my
friend Meg and we are going to be going
on a ski trip well it's kind of like a
girls snow trip I shouldn't say it's
gonna be incredibly fun so I literally
have to get everything together today it
fixed get it done or at least most of it
crass nation is not my friend I found
something that might be real important
to Charles hello Oh
look what I found outside I don't know
it looks important though doesn't it we
are getting in all of the RSVPs for the
wedding we haven't received all of them
yet
which it is I want to say it's our fault
because since I'm at a little bit late
and then we got addresses wrong people
move we didn't even check up on that so
every day we're getting in new boater
you wrote down the wrong address for
Phil and Lindsey whoops we're never
getting in RSVPs and it's really awesome
it's so exciting because on the 11th
it'll be a month way before we get
married
yeah that's really cool because it's so
close
hey so a lot damn it I need to work on
my vocabulary it's a little off right
now I had to make a sandwich or a nice
note to salad or some of the girls shirt
yeah we're working on a girl shirt right
now we're debating between three
different colors basically yesterday you
guys helped us design or pick the design
for the guy shirt by the way
number one one slightly just slightly
while we need your help again for the
girl shirt let me show you the girls
shirt what we were going for was like a
70s retro vibe which for those of you
who know me that's totally me that's
boyfriend cut yeah and it's like a
boyfriend cut shirt so it's an actual
girl shirt so cute it fits really really
great so tell us in the comments guys
one two and three we get some talkative
squirrels today
and their zone over there one right
there one right there
which one's the boy that one's got nuts
and then there's one rate way to go
there yes come on squirrel I'm trying to
make you my friend we are on the way to
get our marriage license
it's how we celebrate back and it's
funny to think about you have to have a
license to get married but do you want
me to get one in Vegas you don't need
one you just need to be sober ish I
don't think you have to be sober to get
married in Vegas
we should go to Vegas which gives Elvis
to Mario's I think the one thing that I
was calling creamy had about marriage is
like you have to have paperwork to
verify that you love each other no I
think it's just God does yeah when you
when you put it that way it does seem
kind of funny but anyway one more step
because I leave I keep saying like a
week it's roughly a week the 14th or
13th before I leave I'm trying to help
Ali as much as I possibly can from on
the road I'm kind of useless obviously I
can't get a marriage license that
doesn't let you do it the day before
because like why don't we just do it the
day before doesn't work like that no I
think it took 72 hours after you get
your license for duty valid and you have
60 days to get married otherwise you got
to do it all over again
we're within that 60 days oh oh that is
good luck it's perfect timing actually
hmm we're in a really bad luck spot
though where my armpit that actually
couldn't be any better timing
but I was making with
and here we go there it is
575 oh and they're only in number one
right now this imagine if it was person
number one 535 sorry I can't read it's
official we have our license it actually
did not take as long as I had I was that
originally thinking was gonna take my
driver's license I think took like four
times longer that guy came over I
couldn't film cuz there's cameras
everywhere I had to sneak those little
clips the deputy had to come and make us
do like an oath yeah yeah it was
actually kind of interesting so here one
of the guys are working had to go find a
deputy and then the deputies came by
just ask a simple question and we're
like do you do did he have to come all
the way over here just for that and he's
like yeah well not a deputies but we got
it and we have to get married by April
7th
otherwise it's null and void so no
chickening out I'm not chickening out
really interesting they give you a time
frame you know what I need to do okay so
these two witnesses sorry April 7th what
am I saying
you need two witnesses we have to do the
best man and that's what's gonna be fine
this is gonna be fun I want to make
Danny and traffic paper rock scissors to
see who gets to sign it and then we have
your sister right
well what's this to incite Kaylin and
then driving Danny or frightened to
death
Ali just went to go get some new shoes
because she should she had a hole
through her running shoes like almost
worse than any time I've ever put a hole
through my shoes which is every time
she's like hold on I'm just gonna
running get some new running shoes but
she desperately needs especially if you
go on a run with a hole in your frickin
shoe so I'm like yeah sure gonna do that
she's like oh you can take a minute I
already beat two worlds in Super Mario
run run our worlds this is no joke my
blood is boiling right now boiling we
have had issue after issue in this
neighborhood for the past like two weeks
now our neighbors behind us decided to
yell over the vents and scream at our
neighbor who's a little girl for her dog
barking and it's 6:30 6:30 at night
screamed and yelled at her and then I
went over and talked to him and I said
that there's better ways to handle these
types of situations like for instance
come over and talk to us like adults but
he couldn't do that so I'm pretty
irrational and stupid things it's very
rude and I am freakin livid Charles is a
little bit upset because it's two days
in a row that we're talking about
something that what happened with our
neighbors it happens I'm not saying our
neighborhoods terrible because it's not
terrible
it's just it's very strange like we I
personally never experience this kind of
stuff I'm just a little upset that he
would yell a little girl
that's totally upsetting yeah pretty
much like trained by trolls on the
internet like there's nothing a person
could say to me nowadays but like to say
something to a little nine-year-old girl
or eight I think you might be gay to be
honest with you just a person who is
doing what you're supposed to be like
her parents taught her to split the dogs
out so that's what she did and then you
know that her and I heard it from inside
my house like I'm sorry I know we're
like talking about so much drama that's
going on right now but it's so
infuriating to me because I've never
experienced that before
home I should say I went over there and
maybe I shouldn't have but I just said
you know what we're adults there's
different ways that we can handle these
things lately be neighborly be like hey
maybe make sure control a little bit
because if any one person does have a
control a dog fully tuned that bark
write a book do it do a video tutorial
you're going to be a millionaire I know
that there's appropriate times for dogs
to bark I totally do
however I have never heard him bark at
five am and we are right next door I've
never heard him bark he's just a puppy
it happens I just I'm heated because of
the way that he handled himself when I
went over there and I was I was I'm so
kind of boiling like I'm I'm taking
about him as a grown man being the way
that he was to this little girl even to
me when I was trying to explain like hey
dude it's a dog they bark no and I said
and I said we do our very best to make
sure that our dogs if they bark they
bark during what I would consider
appropriate hours during the day they're
outside playing during the middle of the
day that's what happens dogs will be
dogs what the fuck I guess I would have
a question for you guys in the internet
world especially homeowners what would
you do in this situation I mean it's
already happened but like if it happens
again would you just yell over the fence
like you know shut the fuck up back you
know like that's a nine year old dick or
something or would you politely actually
would you politely go over and talk to
somebody or would you aggressively like
you know get on the door start yelling
them in their face which I did it which
we won't do but I was just curious what
you guys would do in this situation and
I went over there knocked on the door I
backed up from the door so it wasn't
abrupt for him
I literally knocked on the door and I
backed up like off of their porch and I
just said hey I'm your neighbor right
behind you I just heard you yell over
the fence about a dog it just like it
did not end up well and so then at the
very end he was saying some very rude
comments and he made a comment about our
neighbors which really ticked me off and
about the whole dog situation and I just
said you know what sir I said it's
really a shame that you can't be in a
dog obviously I can't help you so best
of luck and then you slam the door move
it
oh no there's a because look at these
guys come here come here I know that
they howl in the house but you can't
hear him outside and it's literally
during the day he sees that he can
really here our dogs it's just our
neighbor's dogs but I know our dogs have
barks and he's probably mistaking them
for whatever I just saw every day now
it's just frustrating I'm so used to
like neighborly neighbors and like we
have such amazing ones like right next
door to us who are incredible across the
street who were like really getting
close with who are incredible the lady
on the corner incredible and then you
had these other people who are just like
it blows my mind I just never
experienced it I'm sorry I'm done
rambling I'm heated I was literally
shaking because I'm so pleased by that
house and it's knock it down and have a
big giant field there for like six
months and they're being such sharks
I don't know I'm done I'm done sorry
guys I love dogs and I love people I
love real nice people who I saw we got
that window over there then we're gonna
utilize at the wedding I wanted to go
and get some of those like paint chalk
cos just see if I could draw something
on it to make it look cool and to write
something cool I also got little like
banner like cardboard banners that we're
gonna hang up and I figured we could put
them across different areas of the
wedding or across the photo booth and
make it look super rad hopefully that
works we're gonna go test out this
chalking I'm very excited let's play
tic-tac-toe first the Queen yeah yeah I
wouldn't be the King I'm a king
technically technically speaking is that
kind of same thing in there I had to
hyphenate it everything yeah okay
okay paper scissors cut everyone goes
for the center paper rock scissors shoot
paper rock scissors shoot yeah and I'm
gonna do the thing I'm gonna be next no
no there's a plan going on I don't like
it yeah I did BAM
the King gets one see that's pretty fun
so I won do we gonna do what are you
gonna do for me now
I'm gonna cook you dinner and then I'm
gonna not that's not fair you do that
every day I want something special okay
I get a back massage I get a 15-minute
back massage I'll give it to you what
are we gonna write for the wedding
though boy the way you spoke to me like
flaming I experienced online a lot of
worse things to be said I just haven't
told like face-to-face I was in rude
just no it's just really bizarre named
Emma
maybe the Internet has some other
suggestions and what we could do by the
way
Jocelyn is helping we're gonna have a
snapchat filter of course we're gonna
have a snapchat filter at our ceremony
and the reception
Jocelyn the one who did our moji the
CTFxC emoji app is actually going to be
designing it for us that's gonna be kind
of funny nerdy I thought it'd be the
best thing we could do is we should have
it for the wedding because a huge dork
over here this is actually a really good
idea it's pretty awesome
you got some smart ideas sometimes
sometimes can't let you had to get too
big what's this sir counting how many
songs Aly starts singing in a week
sitting here needing dinner and for some
reasons Oh
mal that happened I feel like a big baby
she keeps going over to me and pie him
harm and pie on my leg trying to get up
here and of course she can't get up here
she's so big so now she's just chillin I
had to pull her up now she's totally
fine she is she's neurotic she's just
like she just wants to be like held
sometimes so funny so diesel is pimping
both you okay Google say good night
I have fun to sleep mode guys I'll see
you tomorrow hey Google say good night
again
bye guys
