Oh what's up Brock evil let me see your
moves for their feet no don't change and
degree shoes dear God yep there it is
you can't running those Oh actually
you're right Martha that was who was
getting taken seven Zoe got kicked out
of her own bed kicked out okay
you're a good dog it's kind of funny
though years are big again did you say
that you're going to Miami huh yeah
Ali's going to Miami because her one of
her good friends is actually getting
married and they have to go do the whole
wedding dress bridesmaid kind of thing
so you're gonna see my action with Ally
and you're gonna smack him yeah I think
you're gonna see Zoe is thoroughly upset
that you're leaving say bye though
Diesel's not even care and apparently we
didn't get enough even though we
overestimated of the tile but they had
most of it done so that I can just kind
of start putting some stuff back but
check it out
oh the Blackhawk helicopter no big deal
oh yeah check it out check it out we
just got the little spots right there
gonna do this right here
and the closet I have no idea how he did
this but we got to do a little section
there it's looking awesome this is this
is great I'm pretty stoked on how this
looks
what do you guys think was this was this
a smart idea I feel like it definitely
was now I could start putting my video
games back here and I could pirate play
some video games I don't know if you
guys can see it the only problem for at
least right now is all that there you
can see right there all the dust and
chalkiness that's fine it looks like
snow oh wow now you could really see it
gonna require a lot of open windows
as you can tell I am on the road and I
am currently on my way to Miami to meet
up with one of my best friends Julie oh
you guys have seen kind of I think a few
a few times there at the blog she just
got engaged last year and also moved to
Miami which is wonderful because she
lived in Portland before I am basically
going down this weekend to help her find
bridesmaids dresses for those of you
guys
I've been married or have had friends
that have been married you understand
that this is kind of like one of the
tougher decisions when it comes to a
wedding because not all bridesmaids are
the same size
not all bridesmaids have the same
personality all the above I'm going up
there to help her kind of like figure
out a few ideas trying a few dresses and
then kind of take that information that
we get this weekend and then distribute
it what's the bright side so it's gonna
be very very fun plus I haven't been to
Miami and probably I don't even know
it's been so long here - first up see
her see her new place where she lives
see her fiance and just kind of like
have a really awesome fun weekend doing
wedding stuff because there is a part of
me that really really misses it so it's
gonna be a fun time all right I love you
I love you
love you can you hear me I lost you the
last time I did all the organization for
upstairs in the video games and all that
TV it was I can't believe it was like
this is a thing about cords have you
ever noticed like especially that like
headphones you'll like organize them
like totally perfect in a circle or
you'll line everything perfect but for
some reason I have no idea how some sort
of like troll just comes and just
jumbles everything and just destroy this
so I'm gonna go get something that might
organize it a little bit better because
when I only comes home I want to try I'd
like it
every time Ali has to go out of town or
does something I like to reciprocate the
favor because when I go on tour and I
come home the house is completely clean
and spotless
so aside from that mess in which I can
do right now because they're still doing
the floor maybe I'll be able to do it
next year so I'm gonna try to I did it
that one time when she went and saw
Shelley and it completely blew her mind
so I gotta want to do it again it just
it brings me it kind of weird say brings
me joy I like doing that kind of stuff
oh and by the way our haunting is still
there obviously if you can see what
yesterday's video we have a ghost and
I'm here by myself all right well this
is fun apparently they only have one of
these try again one of those chord
things um that's five but then I realize
how much I paid for those and I'm just
gonna get DIY right now see what I can
find
cuz it's just like a tube that's all it
is just a weird plastic tube Best Buy is
like 12 or 10 bucks three bucks for the
same thing and I can just spray paint it
and I'll be fine that's crazy
so I wouldn't be more DIY they don't
have black so that's great pain
and five feet of this thing so I put it
through here so that way you can spray
it and it doesn't get all over the place
but I'm thinking I'm thinking
I saw smoke looks like some jackass did
that it is super so dumb
such morons literally could get started
a fire I'm pretty proud of this
contraption just get this and then that
way when I spray paint it it'll dry it
all nice show that more of them
sometimes I surprise myself
I am the typical person that absolutely
loves long dives I guess sometimes they
get a little bored I'm not gonna lie
especially that's like for 10 hours
plastic and a little exhausting but I do
love being in the
and a car and like short little
trips away I just I really really to
enjoy just sometimes I think it's just
so good
like in the car and drive and just kind
of just
and I'll forget about everything and I
that's one of the main reasons why I
love driving so much
it's a way for me to just kind of as
chill out focus on the road
Megan right now I'm not hitting any
traffic I have no idea how it's five
o'clock and typically in this murder
so far so good so keep your fingers
crossed I may be taking myself up not
exactly sure but I think we're gonna be
okay loaded up on some coffee does
actually some of my favorite coffee on
the road was from Pilate or from a loves
I drove
this is the only downfall that's good
drive and pick the dogs for a walk I
have to get like I said today's been me
trying to get everything taken care of
so Alec can enjoy yourself this weekend
have to get three more of those because
they said they have 40
no they have one the other 39 are
missing so I gotta go further now to
find it when Ali's got the car so I've
been using goober it's been fun alright
guys want to go for a walk do this first
ready to go buddy
you ready to go well you got there dummy
there's another simple cat toy I am so
over this stuff please will of God I
still think we should have done that I
still think that's awesome
okay whereas Java Hickory please please
please please please could you please
please pretty please pretty please
John Haeger oh thank god mark he keeps
slipping everywhere yeah I saw that was
embarrassing so I got all my little
looks like black racer snakes looks like
I didn't get everything it really looks
like snakes right now cuz there's what
do you want this is before
this is proven to be a little bit more
difficult than I thought
Oh looks worse I need to keep working on
this I think the dogs the vanity this
has got to be one of the up there with
one of the most frustrating things this
is I now know why I don't do this my
stuff however I feel like once I'm done
with this
I'm gonna be very very happy with this
situation I'm not usually one for court
or organization I should say I don't
think I ever really met somebody who's
like that you know what my dad's like
that I should say that it's very
organized when comes to like things like
this don't spend hours doing it exactly
what I'm doing where I would just feel
like you know I'm just going to think
I'm just gonna plug it in I'll deal with
it later what about you right now all I
want to do is play Mario Kart that's all
I want to do it's not beautiful I'm
still not done but there we go still got
to put the Nintendo 64 and everything in
there but Oh an SNES thing but I mean
I'm getting there the only problem is I
can't find the switcher remote so that
way and just switch between the HDMI I
have no idea where that went
I had it here mark you enjoying that
floor this is all I wanted that's all I
wanted
whose all I wanted all right guys I need
to go lay down because I don't know if
it was to dust up there but every since
they came back down like it's just my
nose got all screwed up and I feel kind
of I feel really like crappy right now
but before I go I have to give a shout
out to a bunch of you CTFxC patrons
first one is Marco and miner
Tracy Morgan is on E which by the way is
super Italian Kathy Peters aka mama bug
good old Teresa Renfro and can't forget
about Chrissy Hodges alright his name is
pretty fun to say I'm sorry my nose is
all stuff yeah sounds like an idiot
Patrick Concannon I've never seen it
written that way so Patrick Julie Potts
and can't forget about Kathleen Kohler
as you want to say again thank you so
much for being part of the patreon group
guys it really means a lot it really
helps the CTFxC continually grow and
stay alive during this whole YouTube
like debacle anyway don't forget to
subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a good night bye
