too bad
everybody
argue I don't want to argue
really I'm hugging you
I feel like you love me love you I'll
give you you just hug me damn I love is
vai deal with I love you
so we're off to see the Wizard uh the
wonderful was there buzz Charles you
guys want to know if Charles honey
please stop please stop
you wouldn't know why I don't like
driving with him or having him be the
driver
that was the meanest look I've ever I
didn't know who's going on that was so
mean I just did sheer terror like that
was like terror phase right they let me
know if I wanted the look and see what
was going to kill me or if I just wanted
that one very angry pair of breaks
that's what came to me like looking at
that face I have no idea what I was
thinking I guess I used to like you to
do this okay it's gonna sound creepy I
need to clarify it's not meant to be
creepy but love to walk and I love to
run and what I were trying to do he left
it in time we got a water
he had one anything left inside but I
used to love to go to like various
neighborhoods in Pinellas County close
to where I live just to go walk and see
what it's like and to have a different
form of scenery and think you can get
really boring like walking in the same
place constantly every single day I'm
found that but you have to reach and
girl across us I didn't drink that keep
away all the vampires little SMU
I'll try it but mother like drinking
this sweet that's been agreed get
carrots apples smells sweet I can't
smell carrots there's number one quite
sweet I can smell the carrot after that
trying something different today little
healthier we're trying to do that
health-conscious thing that thing you
know being healthy and stuff actually I
don't know if you guys have heard of
this one of my best friends if you guys
don't know Danny him and his girlfriend
Valentina are expecting a child so that
means Ali and I are gonna be aunt uncle
yet we just found out recently obviously
and you guys just found out was like two
days ago he told you guys completely
amazing a miracle I am so so happy so
proud I guess gonna be proud yeah a
proud actually I've actually been happy
and I can't wait to have another little
wee the king
baby in the group and I think it's so
amazing it hit watching the video go
watch Daniel vld and search it you'll
find it go show them some love some
support I think in the world right now
I want to push you in so it's really I
promise we're doing like date dates now
where we're really trying to spend time
with each other
outside of just filming and in their
work alone right now right now we're out
the NOI park at like the corner edge
area and we're gonna plug the Joan a
little windy and I'm a little bit
nervous with it being over the water for
Charles but I'm here for moral support
just kidding about flying the drone
no-fly zone it's actually not a no-fly
zone with the cautions oh yeah we're
just kind of cool or not cool but cool
thing about the new drone is that it
shows it tells you it's like hey guess
what you can't fly won't let you fly
yeah what'd you turn about yeah it's
super cool keeps the audience from
ruining things cuz drones got really a
bad rep because idiots started using
them what's that and I know that's be
crashing but I was always respectful
yeah my drone was my fault
and I was away from knows that no fight
I wasn't chasing airplanes basically
yeah causing a ruckus I was causing a
ruckus well amongst yourself yes they
ended up finding a better spot to fly
the drone we just came to like Crescent
Lake right now it looks like we're in
how many shots of kids
success there's just so much life around
here which is really cool this guy over
there he's playing in his pocket like go
ahead insidious pop right now it's the
cutest thing I've ever seen in my entire
life you guys do that how cute is that
I've been over there there's a lady in
her own aesthetic boyfriend her husband
playing frisbee and then they have an
itsy-bitsy tiny baby puppy
and then I got this one
I built this dude this is why I have a
drone flying we're done
about Ali is learning how to do this hit
record
this is record so completed that's
complete opposite direction ation right
yeah
you look super military right now flying
the drone and your camo this might be
the funniest thing I've ever seen it's
kind of like Charles walking his dog but
he's walking his drone that's a good
drone that's a good drone oh good bro
look and we didn't crash it and Ally
drove it I didn't fly it was awesome huh
don't say so I didn't say so you know
one thing that I realized that we forgot
to mention that's a rule it is the Super
Bowl and here's something really sad I
think I know one team that's playing in
the Super Bowl
Patriots yep right and I don't know who
the Patriots are playing against the
Falcons the Falcons I think I may know
is the Super Bowl today go sports I know
I was like I should make a teacher that
says I'm here for the sports like I like
this voice yep I like the sports teams
cuz then it's like you're not subjecting
yourself to saying like hey I'm only
ever one one particular team I'm saying
like I'm here for all of the teens up
here I'm here for all the sports no joke
this is what our day is consisting of
everyone right now turn your volume down
just a little bit a one A two A one two
three and they'd skip howling in a
circle like we were out of the picture
for like at least a minute and they were
all howling together is actually really
whew do you want to tell him what
happened the other day when uh the
producers and the film crew were here I
don't think we told you guys you know we
hit the semis and everything first off
we talked to our neighbors the
intermediate neighbors right here the
ones that are really nice and awesome
like our friends I would consider them
and they were totally cool they were all
interested and super like they were like
can we come over and check this out they
really were like really cool with it
because they know the band and
everything so their kid there's a lot of
them that are kids that actually listen
to win the Kings which is actually kind
of funny but there's always a stick in
the spoke so what happened when everyone
was like kind of leaving but they're
still like you know they're filming into
the night a little bit Ali went jogging
and one of the makeup and the Wardrobe
girls were out there with Ali and
apparently some truck with the tailgate
down was sort of like driving by like
really fast and their trash came out and
spread all over the entire neighborhood
and because we had semis and activity at
our house the entire neighborhood thinks
it was us even though we called the cops
Ali witnessed it with two other people
our neighbor across the street witnessed
it as well so we've been dealing with a
lot of high school drama with our
neighborhood and they're all adults it's
kind of embarrassing I was actually
meaning to tell you guys that because I
thought I was so freakin funny so I went
and like you know talk to our immediate
neighbors again I was like hey you guys
know it's not us right and they're like
no we know you guys are respectful you
guys are super nice you clean up your
dogs aren't that loud and everything and
I was like
and some of the neighbors are kind of
talking to each other and blaming it on
us and they're literally like almost
every one of her neighbors were like
even the older lady across the street
was just like them yeah can't stop
laughing especially when she said it it
just kind of goes to show you doesn't
matter how old you are or where you live
there's always gonna be drama it's a sad
thing that I'm starting to have to
accept but on a cool thing I've been
wanting to make this shirt I wanted to
make a long shirt for a very long time
because I wear long sure it's often not
every time but I like to wear longer
shirts just because like I feel like my
torso is very long so after any wash I
feel like my shirt starts shrinking in
the middle and so I started getting
belly shirts essentially so long story
short I've been wanting to make a long
shirt not just a short shirt that's a
very confusing way I just said that but
anyway I posted on our Facebook for you
guys the vote I'm going to show you guys
too and I want you in the comments say 1
or 2 and it's crazy because it's dead
even right now I think it's like 50/50
so I need you guys to help push it over
and let me know I'm only gonna make a
limited run maybe a couple hundred
shirts and then after that it's done
we're also gonna be working on a girl
shirt that's like specific to a girl tee
Ali's been designing with a friend of
ours so hopefully I'll have that out
soon but this one is a little bit easier
so I want to get this hopefully out
before a tour so this would be the shirt
see how it's longer then we have the
intro that's the intro to our vlogs logo
or we have this logo which is actually
in the bottom right of our videos so
it's of both logos of ours and I wanted
to put them here I'm a longer shirt so I
want you guys to say 1 or 2 and they're
both going to be blank on the back so
it's just going to be like really small
logo tee I wanted to keep it really
simple
there's always talking about 50/50 it's
like dead even I don't know why it's
50/50 socially when there's two more on
this one next let's see what's that
right now let's reload it so let me know
guys 1 or 2 and also if you guys liked
the idea of making longer shirts as well
this one I'm just going to use as a kind
of a test to see what people think I
can't wait to show you guys what we're
working on for the girl shirt though
it's gonna be more tailored to a girl
you know like an actual girl shirt
versus like a unisex shirt designed for
both male and female we wanted to kind
of do something a little bit more an
alley you know
so good at that and our buddy Robert is
really good at that as well so they're
working on trying to do something true
when that'll be done but I will let you
guys know but for now I want you guys to
let me know on this this long black
shirt right here hey Marv you're hanging
out in the clean clothes cool cool cool
safe so he doesn't like it I usually
start every clip with so I don't know
why it's my personal evaluation I'm like
by the way is there any other way to
laugh without your mouth being open like
obviously you go you can't do that he's
like you love with you know like that
there maybe it is there's this cat every
time we walk it's the most hard it's cat
ever just sits there doesn't move
doesn't matter people come by it dogs
it's out right now Marley's actually
terrified of it I'll go say hi doesn't
even move doesn't even move has a tough
cat Thank You T cats he's pretty he's
pretty okay the cat's gonna kill you now
that's gonna kill you let's leave I've
never seen a ballsier cat I was like let
me add it it's always hit or miss if
that cats actually out cuz I've seen
cats that are kind of you know like they
stay on the ground but that's ridiculous
but say it go Boop his nose go move it
so it Oh boom Boop Marley always likes
the Boop diesel right on the nose so he
comes back I've discovered by keeping
the Jenna leader on her and just walking
she's not on a leash right now so I've
noticed that if I keep the general your
honor she thinks she is and she just
walks with me makes me look so much
cooler but I have a dog that actually
listens to me
when I am walking doesn't want to go
investigate every little thing trickery
a Super Bowl going on right now Ali and
I were having our own little little
Super Bowl party we got some weight what
where's the things I want to show them
okay Shawn
okay now it's in 42 seconds what's that
warrant so this is Buffalo cauliflower
so instead of Buffalo buffalo wings ally
decided to make something a little bit
different when I went to the Super Bowl
actually was I think was the Patriots as
well like four years ago that was
interesting because who are engulfed in
the atmosphere that's mind blowing
see what I mean but when you're just
sitting at home with this guy taking up
pretty much the entire couch it's fun
those look good though bad I got to do
is chop up a little bits of cauliflower
guys and put some barbecue sauce on no a
battery we had the battery pack oh
whatever it is rare it's really good
yeah well guys it looks like the
Patriots won the Super Bowl which I kind
of came out of left field
how did it
it's pretty rad I don't even watch
football and that was pretty rad you
wanted the Patriots win either team if
they want it looks remember those sports
the sports hashtag ghost words another
day for you guys is are you one of those
like sports fanatics that is like a
legitimate sports fanatic or are you
look like term I'm looking for for the
time being sports fanatic fanatic it
would it be a social fanatic like for
instance when I go to a baseball game
for the race I'm I'm a race fanatic but
outside I'm not yeah okay you want to go
watch it with me and then I'm like that
maybe hurt after I was involved yeah
there's appetizers involved and we're
all gonna sit a stand and we're gonna
cheer on the home team and then we're
gonna know idea yes put that cover over
your head and you go to bed I'm really
tired alright guys hope you enjoyed
today's video we will see you tomorrow
have a good night bye guys take me out
to the football game and take me out to
the game it sounds like the Simpsons for
homers like tie me up a ball in a large
beer I will sit right here and cheer for
my team it's the Patriot Falcons if they
know when I won't care
because this one two three I'm working
for this one three touchdowns later and
guess what Patriots all right guys I
will see you tomorrow
ballgame
