real stuff on your Vista yeah good
morning guys it's one of those days I
got a big old zit and I'm trying every
little thing Ally's ever tried right now
I think I have charcoal or dog poo on my
face could be a mixed I'm hoping is
Charles has it
big old zit right on this side if I do
this and I record things like this
people be more distracted by the
blinking light they won't look at this
or maybe by the creeper glasses I'm not
really sure which one it'll be that poo
on my face we are heading off to
Brooklyn today which is that really
awesome antique place that we go to it's
only open once a month but I wanted to
go there and look for a chair you go to
that and then we're also going to this
thing called local topia which is
something that they're having at a park
downtown and basically it's all local
businesses local restaurants local shops
all the events something local something
local okay I get it
local but this is new they haven't done
it that they didn't do it last year or
maybe they did meant getting a blast
 but they haven't done this year yet
so exciting huh
well we're at the beginning last year
where we were you weren't I think you
are in Australia oh yeah
yeah cos then we got engaged yeah that's
right that's not true
by working out is certainly paying out
their bed no I'm just saying if you're
looking good okay how about you walk a
little bit in front of me you start
talking me like a normal human
you should walk at least five feet in
front of me
what is it from she's like she's like I
was like the boy nine he's like did you
say just say bye to my ass in Jason yeah
you can just keep walking dead oh they
changed this is different yep can I
remember this always being a dolphin
there's a swordfish
oh that's just got three fish porpoise
I'm a reptile I noticed because it is
Saturday that they just have a bunch of
like yard sales going on I was just
telling Ali it's always funny to me
because like a yard sale always is just
like hey here's a bunch of junk I don't
want to give me some money is a lovely
thing
so I had so much fun because I would
always setting up a certain way and that
I loved like with people they go
fifty and they go thirty about 40 people
I think that's like we're the funniest
thing is people would like really
seriously argue over a quarter like
something that's a quarter very uh give
you 10 cents like really look at this
fan like this is legit like sauce what
maybe this is your mom's she's just like
I don't want it anymore right this is
how seriously that would just chop your
finger off good thing they have breaking
bars around there I think we got a new
vlogging camera this is super thing it's
going to use film in the world yeah
that'd be fun for filming you could drop
this like 40 times it's not gonna break
like these canons that's for sure so
cool though
we should get that there's just a giant
styrofoam Stay Puft destroy we can get
the hatchet you get thrown a peek at
again to head to zombies like zombie
Pillsbury man
other side haunting your dreams you know
self-control movie is not this creepy
and I was just about to say I feel weird
holding this is from the early 1900's
essentially it's like it goes insane
antique but of course it's an antique
feel like should be in a museum oh yeah
I'm just gonna put that there
it fits here
I don't think that's how that works
vintage Hulk Hogan and vintage cuz kids
drew all over it there's that drivers
cap you need to have hair hold it there
so you can just wear that all the time
when you drive
322 bucks I'm not driving you around
look at these relics
so this is local topia
was it gold I think it's local topia
into the balance cows I know it's got
bounce houses and they've got all these
different restaurants
ah it's super cool look at the morning
working I know it's cool but it's not
looks like everybody is preaching
something on this bus the art bus
amazing
and then over here they have like all
the food trucks and more shops
restaurants things of that sort is
pretty cool there the dog dogs and hats
no drugs are playing the real-life
foosball
what a cool idea awesome and look at him
the off stimulus like how these kids
like I don't get it it's like a giant
musical instrument what do they call me
I love bone xylophone yeah the only
thing other than x-ray I know how to
throw with an X that's what I want right
there in Airstream
I'll give the Vandals what's it this is
shop
it's a sash couture someplace I'd love
this is by far the coolest food truck
I've ever seen it's got built-in seating
on the top that double-sided bus
double-decker bus got ya right over
there
this is like my heaven right now Charles
I hope you choke of it it really is ring
the internet France or go like this
maybe maybe okay so now I've seen it all
there's the peanut butter and jelly food
truck and of course we have to try it
right what do you want to get I just saw
the key to start by the way
things you won't put it in a little
first don't you go have her purse you're
the king Charles we're gonna try that
it's been run by a local church around
here and for every sandwich that they
sell which they have some pretty crazy
ones which we're gonna try that crazy
one right there they give back to the
community one sandwich so for everyone
say watch they give back one sandwich
other pretty amazing hi how are you we
are right now at the CP savory it looks
awesome
we're very excited about this all right
there pull pull the round bag let's see
what this thing looks like
this is a savory one cashew butter
sprouts avocado big dress that are fake
for Joey
but sauce
you're looking you're wearing glasses I
can't tell your eyes are dry is it
really
I know right it throws you off but look
at this this is like surprisingly so
good
you read the ingredients you
which I did Wow I actually really like
it I like it I won't say I love it
that's kind of fun you only you would
leave a food festival and still want
fries up come on bear with me I'm trying
here although you've been at Ali's body
is looking pretty ribbon right now
okay does it make you feel creeped out
by keeping yeah so we ended up buying
this glass window kind of hanging thing
for one we're gonna use it for the house
I think what we're gonna do is we are
going to let me try on some lights in
here we're gonna hang it like either
here we might move this or we're gonna
hang it or place it somewhere in the
kitchen because Charles and I always
tend to forget to make it like a list
when we go to the first Shore if there's
things that we have to accomplish that
week even though we have a calendar and
her phone and we're still kind of like
really bad at checking on it I thought
it'd be cool to get this and kind of use
that as our reminder board but we also
thought it would be a cool idea to use
this or something for the wedding
I don't know if I'm gonna write
something on it or frum we're gonna use
this or you know write down everyone's
names for table place and things of that
sort but we got that a Britta Conte and
I think it's pretty darn cool and it's a
lot cheaper than making it and it's a
lot cheaper than what I've seen online
so we kind of won in that situation I've
never been to local topia before and
last year apparently it got rained out I
was corrected it was the 4th annual one
this year and it was so much fun there
was food trucks live music and I think
Charles had fun showing him a little
another little dosage of st. Petersburg
yeah it's cold all right that's all guys
to be vacuumed air blown like hair
dryers or sides do not like that
Marla you playing dog over there you're
actually bringing a dog huh you want to
okay
you want to go for a run with your mom
to you you want to go for a run do you
want to go for a run with your mom you
want to go for a run you want to go back
how about a run you want to go for a run
Ali and I made a promise to ourselves
that we were gonna kind of spend at
least it sounds bad like that at least
spend the day but I mean like kind of
just take a day and just kind of relax
and do our own kind of thing which has
been kind of nice Sally and I went to
that that fest that festival a little
farmers market and now she's running and
I'm walking so we're kinda getting some
exercise because honestly during the
weekday we're always rush rush rush
trying to get everything done so it's
actually kind of nice to take a weekend
like a normal person would do and it's
always kind of it always makes me feel
kind of I don't want to say guilty doing
it because I want to always make sure
you guys are entertained always but I'm
kind of making myself more this year
kind of a new year's resolution to I
want to cut back but to take a couple
moments for just a line myself so we can
they'll spend time on a relationship
which I think is very important and it's
something that any daily vlogger
probably can relate to know exactly what
I'm talking about
it's important I'm just not running
right now because captain Wiggles over
there there are threats right it is
acting up but she's a trooper she pushes
right through it she gets a sniff
everything who want everything pee on
everything basically dog her way through
the neighborhood like how this neighbor
is just now throwing away a pumpkin no
one stop it stop it come on captain
Wiggles who's Mr
what do you want me to do we're having
we're having a lead tape tonight yeah so
Devon could go to the bachelor party so
she's having a Devon alley bachelor
party yeah so it's just both you guys
there we go
you guys gonna go cuz I have a headache
so I'm not gonna go play video games
Devin and I are starting up our night
with some strawberry margaritas
it's awkward it's always awkward pulling
out a camera in the middle of a bar but
we're celebrating
a little dude got here with these bugs
he's like running themself into the
light creepy alright guys well I am
going to go watch some television and
finish the vlog and just kind of relax
it's actually kind of nice today was a
really relaxing day thank you so much
today's question today is just a dumb
one so today's question of the day what
number am I thinking right now I know
it's dumb all right I'll see you bye
guys
