I saw this video take a time lapse video
a couple days ago it's basically you put
ice and just watch ice melt on a
time-lapse and it looks really really
really beautiful so I got a bag of ice
and I got a big cup got the GoPro and
yet a battery extender stupid I know but
it might look cool when Sean got the
GoPro set up seems dumb but trust me as
soon as I add music to this it's going
to look beautiful
oh by the way I have no idea what
specifically we're looking at it I ran
into something something happened I
don't know Joey give me in 10 laps
don't knock it the rocking-chair far the
worst thing I could attach a GoPro do
but whatever it's all we have
you know what I just realized it's like
the reverse icicle remember how when we
went to North Carolina and that's
spontaneous trip I do that whole full
day night time-lapse of the ice holes
forming and we're just doing a time
lapse of a glacier
you
you
let's see what the ice is doing now it's
almost gone you're working out see you
working out for everybody
I like how he's doing that and all the
losers is just running above his head
big dummy
just he'll do this for like about
another hour just ruining the bushes so
you should do it too if you need any
water I got some mountains for you
when you don't have weight utilize your
dog like okay can I get down please can
I get down the best thing is just
watching that tail going right now one I
will count with me
Coolio need you shut up hates me even so
that doesn't want to eat get a hold your
feet okay just go like this
Sam hope you can't move at all okay 1 1
2 3 4 12 13 14
all right five more
thank you all right another five you had
this time got this good job
look at the little Raptor diesel diesel
come back over here we're definitely
enjoying themselves today beautiful out
I know leather all clean - she's on her
back rolling in grass he's rummaging
through I look at that look at that that
lizards right above them yeah lizard
you're just scaring them and they're
just going above you they all dummy
excuse me Ron via 10-pound ball I want
you guys go see this I was testing my
bandwidth I reloaded the page she said
we're going on tour what do you guys
think I think we might be going on tour
get your tickets now we're watching you
it's been cold cold cold melts hot so
whoo the stink actually now we want to
go to the beach what's go to the beach I
found one right there look at D using
his right hook I'm using you guys are
happy okay I just want to go swimming in
the ocean
marlax there we go
I was planning on going in the water
with it drops six degrees from the drive
from the house so we'll be seeing as I
go in I do this I wanted to take him to
the beach before I went on the floor
just because they have so much fun here
ding dong over there you ready
so diesel and I are going off on a
little adventure I guess good thing
oh there's Miley Miley what are you
doing and that's what's befallen us come
on come back this way we have to make my
way back we were going on a little
adventure and then Miley decided to join
what's going on with you girl such a
turd so because I haven't had diesel for
a little while I wanted to kind of spend
some time with him that's I were going
and taking a little bit of a walk by
ourselves before we go play with all the
pups at the beach she loves it out here
and he loves all the smell so I wanted
just to give them a little bit of
exercise but also like I said so some
time with them you know actually a
little bit colder as soon as we change
more towards water which makes sense
right but I've talked about like six I
think it was like six to eight degrees
and it's kind of chilly I'm a little
embarrassed to admit that so I'm happy
that I brought a sweatshirt hopefully
moving around it's going to get a little
bit warmer and I'll take the subway off
but he seems to love it
don't along oh my god do that that's so
cool like that
Oh cold I can't do it can't do it you go
in
and he then understand that is so cold
that water is still freezing cold she's
loving it then again she loves the snow
too well I thought it'd be kind of fun
to go to the beach but ever got it's
kind of still winter it's not as funny
as OE the dog that hates the pool loves
the beach I don't touch it
funny that's it this goo here where does
this really leave my dear you don't care
like I'm just going to go I don't care
where it goes I'm actually never been to
this part of the fort Seto you do not
want to mess with that buddy no no no no
no I know how far we should be going
this way but we're going to do it
anyways that's coolest we're birds
well nest as you can see it up there
there's a bird up there I think it's an
osprey yep there's the nest there's two
osprey up there that's really cool
one two three eggs up there little
babies I'm glad I decided to explore
with these a little bit because one we
found this really awesome bench with
this incredible I'm not even kidding you
an incredible incredible view I feel
like I am on a deserted island in the
middle of nowhere it's just so pretty
the infamous Skyway in the background
it's so big it's kind of crazy to see
from this distance you look so miniscule
but it's a huge huge bridge and actually
where the triangles are those are like
yellow pillars and then they light them
up at night it's really beautiful
there we go oh no
you wish you remind you of you know like
that it's like the Polar Bear Club with
the people again freezing like literally
I they jump in the water yep that's what
you'd rather do of course just got a
bath yesterday there's dolphins out
there probably going out there oh no
they drop their frisbee out there put it
feel a little buoy out there they're
dolphin kind of jumping every time I see
a dolphin I would think back when we
went to Hawaii before Ali got dengue and
we literally jumped in the water and
swam with dolphins if you haven't seen
that vlog highly recommended it was
probably the coolest thing in the world
I actually have a photo of Ali on my
desktop of my computer I've had since
that day because it was so cool
if you don't normally get to do that
because you don't usually see dolphins
and the water is so murky everywhere
else it's not as clean as it was Hawaii
seriously just go watch that video I
promise it's worth it
that was easy
he's waiting for me to go in it's
actually not that bad if you kind of go
in slowly no way going over my weight
though come on Marv you got this
it's literally if you want to go if I go
come on
she's like no you're on your own
since we're still here in the sunset
goes down next couple minutes figured
you know what the hell might as well to
stay and said that I have to do a sunset
time-lapse it's blasphemous if you're on
the beach and you have a GoPro your
responsibility is to capture a sunset
that's just your sole responsibility if
you don't do that you're breaking rule
number one and time
well guys I'm going to go to bed I hope
you enjoyed today's video
don't think to subscribe and don't
forget to click a little like button I
will see you guys tomorrow Zoe have a
good night I guess
you
