as you can see our house is back to
normal like nothing was happening which
is kind of crazy yesterday took 13 hours
look they even left one are their badges
everyone left in such a hurry our
bedrooms back to normal even the messy
bed part today is an awesome day for me
because today I actually get to renew my
license my driver's license because I
got the OK from the DMV
I think up I want to say upstairs but
the capital so I got my letter saying
that everything was ok which is amazing
cuz I'm ok so today I get to update my
license with our new address and a much
needed photo because you guys have seen
the photo of my driver's license so I'm
really really really really happy about
that
what if I should just wear my
okely-dokely shirt even though you won't
be able to see that is this this is
stressful what do I wear that's gonna
probably be on my license for 15 years
that could potentially embarrass the
hell out of me like this last one big
guy thought it was cool back then mmm no
nope not at all is this a timeless
outfit that if I got a photo in it and
like 15 years they'll work it still
won't look embarrassing my hair which I
showed up showed shave another goatee
what about if I do some lines or
something like that
no I thought I was wearing alley socks
but it looks like Ally's hair somehow in
the washing machine your dryer cut or
not cut like tied my shoe fuck whatever
the day holds Marley alright can I hold
you in my photo so you wanted to stand
next to me or you want me hold you I'll
hold you you're black I want to show so
much and I'll hold you from a distance
like Simba
she's obsessed I actually should say
reassess she's actually playing a game I
don't know if you ever heard it's called
best fiends it's a free puzzle adventure
game no joke ally I have been playing
this game for well over a year now
really competing back and forth I'm on
level 40 what are you you want to say it
one more time what you have to do is you
got to match these same colored objects
basically you just gotta go exactly like
that I'm someone I gotta say and then
what you do is you evolve your little
guys to defeat the evil slugs and exact
what's cool since we've been playing for
so long they added a new feature where
you can connect your Facebook so you can
see all all your friends if you're
beating them or who's who's better than
you which is a really cool feature
because ally and I are super competitive
not only that since February
you know Valentine's Day they have a new
section where you can basically do this
whole world a Valentine's Day world and
you get extra fun things that normally
you wouldn't get on top of on actual
Valentine's Day so everywhere for teams
if you play the game you get some
special prize as well so I want to make
sure you guys download this game all on
top of that we always like to talk about
really cool things for you guys that we
think are really fun really cool that
you guys might like not only are we just
talking about the game I got a set up so
if you download the link down there
description they will give you five
dollars in free gold and diamonds that
you can use to upgrade you guys it's so
helpful I probably really passed this
but I already just use those she's all
your dime so go download the game link
down there description go check it out I
want to see if you guys can beat me I'm
at 40 Ali's at 34 ally might get to 35
and hopefully we're gonna keep finding
cool things and making sure that we can
get 35 okay Alex I'm 35 we we've just
upgraded
seriously I'm not kidding I probably
played at least like 25 times past two
days
both thirty-five and forty now that's
your new goal I just want to say thank
you so much the best fiends for not only
sponsoring this video but giving you
guys the CTFxC five dollars worth of
gold and diamonds for the game so go
check it out and see if you can beat us
good luck I think we're going to be
playing this pretty much every day for
another year I'm so excited this might
seem like something this is like
honestly like me being 16 15 years old
and turning 16 and getting my driver's
license again because I've had that old
embarrassing photo to where I've gone
through so much like is this really you
especially in the airport that's
honestly the main thing I really really
want this change is because at the
airport it honestly becomes more of a
hassle because they go like this like
this and then they go like this and they
ask us somebody else like dude that's
him and it's always such a pain
yesterday I'm like late for a flight so
not only do I get an embarrassing photo
removed like a major address changed I
get fast or hopefully airport travel and
I officially get my license back there's
a lot of cool things happening today and
I'm really really really excited though
you have to excuse my giddiness a little
bit today I'm 16
no longer do have to have a stupid
learner's permit I actually get that my
driver's license
high five remember I used to do that all
the time and I think it broke a couple
cameras you should start doing that at
the end of the day should go like that
just smack the camera and say oh just go
like this maybe like that just actually
smack the camera see how many times I
can get that for the end of the night
before completely shatters especially if
I don't tell somebody like if they get
Frankie's like recording the end of the
video he's just holding the camera I go
and smack
what I got a new license oh my god I
look so much older I apparently grew two
inches oh you want to see the new photo
okay so we've all seen this horrible
horrible embarrassing vision all right
so here's the new one still kind of look
like an idiot but much better what you
guys think if you think it's good thumbs
up the video also by the way the DMV is
the absolute last place you want to have
a broken stupid phone not broken battery
dead I fell asleep last night with my
phone I did one of those like I was
reading a bunch of stuff and then just
fell on my like face or my chest and
when Ali went to bed cuz she stayed up a
little bit later with everyone I was so
tired yesterday I have no idea how she
stayed up she came in she said the phone
she said my phone was like this in a
promise when everyone kind of goofed
around with everything and move stuff
they forgot to plug in my lamp so what I
always take my you know my phone I plug
it on my lamp and it just starts
charging so I think how I thought it was
plugged in it wasn't the worst place in
the world the DMV I had nothing to do no
one to talk nobody wants to talk no one
lets I have a conversation in there at
all
nobody likes each other everyone's
grumpy and pissed off so I tried to make
conversation with his older lady to my
right she wasn't having it so I gave up
and I just did this which was which you
know I don't care whatever says it's not
that fun tolling your thumbs I don't
want I don't know why people said it's
fun
you need cable from here to I guess it
was a good thing all right so here's to
be the fun part I kind of know how to
get home but not really and since I've
been driving I've been heavily having to
use
the GPS because I really don't know
where I'm at still so right now I'm on
my own can call Ally for help need a
lifeline but it's official got my
license back
are you excited oh you're all chunky
from Kinsley giving you all that food
both Zoey and Marley or getting fed they
cry every five minutes by Kinsley and
everyone was giving her more cookies to
get the girls because I'm so damn cute
you gotta go the vet there's something
going on with this year again trust me
you want to stay and we'll do something
later okay this Jill don't be upset that
I'm leaving now you you're coming with
me
I got to change my black shirt doesn't
it get really bad careful mark you don't
need to go to a vet because you have a
broken leg you dummy just sit there you
go she likes to vet now remember is in
this drawer was it destroyed was this
drawer
you remembered come here make sure
there's so some Hershey roads everything
no can't be up here sit lay down it's a
weird lay down here one-two-three catch
go on right go on
gonna be a home run nope it's this gonna
be a triple hi hi hi oh you're bubs
you look so happy
I know I'm happy to see you my friends
have way too much puppy energy too much
puppy energy solo looks a little bit
cold so she's wearing her pink jacket
next you're adorable so are you my sweet
lo your energy level is way beyond
anything I've ever experienced but
you're still super cute yes you weren't
lonely you are sweetness you just bump
her out of the way what Jesus what is
this dog doing
you're such a freak bag Hey piranha
mouth chill out
Lilla has a little bit of anxiety and
she gets a little bit nervous actually
she gets nervous quite a lot now that
she's gotten older and this seems to
really make her feel a lot better it's
kind of the same thing with Zoey Zoey
wears hers and it makes her feel so much
better we got mr. spaz who doesn't need
anything can I have your paw no favorite
pop thank you thanks you're so great
thanks so look who's back
say hi I'm so happy very very happy to
be back crying like that that's a
happiness cry two things Marla is a
little bit famous at the vet they wanted
photos of her second thing she has a
yeast infection in her ear
third thing she has fleas she has not
had fleas I couldn't even remember the
last time she had fleas probably like
five or ten years so good job Marv made
me spend more money but you're worth it
so you know what you know what the
punishment is you're getting cleaned
you're getting a nice little I don't
want to say B word anymore I see I see
the shower work because they don't
really get that yeah
Zoey wanna take a shower I may be she
knows that that face you're gonna kill
me later okay you stink everyone stinks
with everyone coming over yesterday they
kept running in outside because the
doors were open and they got a little
sweaty I think what I'll do is only for
Ali to get home and then we can all go
for a walk she's gonna get these Elena
looks like your brother's here
hey mr. gay hey mr. d everyone hey dude
she's so excited
but get other winner already yeah she
gets it all the time
she sold out diesel for that what are
you doing find us calm down
hey you had same time you just got
watched you got to stay Marley we're yet
what are you doing well yeah what are
you doing
and she's off realizing that the bedroom
is closed she's hopping on couch and
there's ghosts makes around quick pit
stop all she needs is a little
encouragement she's on the move again
this is a good style babe I go out the
door like this cool story bro that took
you like 20 minutes to figure out that
house hey Google turn on lights that is
not on Ali is so excited she wants to
fluff it out snapchat snapchat little
snapchat way to go
can't take you anywhere
he's speaking with your so doofy
production crew couldn't cleaned up a
lot in the house and actually gonna
rearrange things to where we kind of
actually like it it completely it kind
of takes one of those times where you
have to take somebody else's like
opinions and like brain and like
artistic thing artist artistic vision I
should say to kind of like rearrange
some things because we had it in our
head we've seen it so much for the last
couple years so we're basically kind of
keeping a lot of the ways they did
things and the only problem is that some
things got a little bit dirty or
misplace so we're having to dulk we're
having to kind of clean up a little bit
of the house you can do this web you get
good one Ali's been freaking out so much
because of the wedding dress it's not
about like my weight is always yeah
you're so skinny
no you're so huge it has nothing to do
it's just because with fittings it's
like you really don't have the
availability
to gain even to pets you know
why don't you like fit for that like why
don't you like adjust for that can they
not do that not once it's done like once
they chop chop chop they can't continue
to loosen it up it's in cookie chips
there's some Tim Tams I'm gonna bring
back so many Tim Tams from that
slam-dunk festival Oh
oh my god those are frosted ones you got
this yeah I got turned 360 as you can
see everyone is now feeling a little bit
better diesels with Ali passing out I
just want to say thank you so much for
watching today's video today was one of
those videos when I look back kind of
like the video where I started seeing
not the video but one of the videos
where I start seeing like positive
change in my life the fact that I've
actually got my license back this is
obviously just my wallet but I got my
license back a new license is such an
important important milestone and the
hurdle that I've had the last few years
of things so I just wanna say thank you
so much for watching and thank you so
much for coming with me
I want to ask you guys a question of the
day though today's question today I want
you guys to tell me the most
embarrassing photo that you have whether
it's on a driver's license which a lot
of people passport a lot of people seem
to have like really bad driver's license
photos I think what it is is because
they tell you to go stand somewhere and
they don't go three two one they just go
stand there click that's all they say so
I could see why some people might have
those I want you guys to tell me your
most embarrassing photo or where it's at
as for me I am I couldn't even tell you
how many embarrassing photos I have if I
don't you just google my name almost 90
percent of those are embarrassing not
only that but I had it permanently
etched on my driver's license had it not
anymore so that's that's probably one of
my most embarrassing photos photos I
should say that's just photo your turn
don't forget to subscribe and click that
little like button and as always I will
see you tomorrow have a great night bye
guys
