good morning Internet the film crews got
in the air the dogs are doing really
well I'm letting them read every morning
come on let's go let's go Kinsley please
with Zooey Merlin dolls so I'm getting
the real dog dog kids work I get the
real dog dog dad again they really small
human Charles sighs damn Charles uses so
as you can see our house is getting
transformed into a production set for
the music video this is not what I
thought was gonna happen this is pretty
amazing
so he's making friends with everybody
Marley on the other hand is not yeah
turn up in the headphones little blue
down
yeah sorry I'm gonna buy traffic yeah
all right here we go
what's the flow good mama I like Frankie
with this yeah you gotta get up because
it's time don't be a grouch because your
boys ready about the film has seemed a
little bit reserved in Charles's filming
me I hope you can edit because these
words I can't have vocal it we shoot
King of Queens over here all right
you googled it and you are right Taylor
actually tells me pretty much daily that
I'm really good at acting it's just
really cool again
oh man that stuns really committed dance
movie fred has been doing that for years
all right so you let's move on so many
people kept taking turns sitting in the
beanbag and my kind of annoyed this
she's like this is my thing no one can
go back in and she's eyeing French wall
over there making sure he doesn't go
back in he's like death staring me right
now I think you're the first person that
she's like do not stay here I know okay
they're actually being really really
funny considering all these people all
these lights okay everything that's
going on did I make the noise just being
quiet which is hilarious because we
moved her to do anything there's will
laugh as possible but I think the worst
one something's going on it's so
unfortunately right now what they're
doing is they're cleaning our floor
I wasn't cleaning up for the shot it's
kind of cool to see all the details they
have to put into it to capture just like
that perfect shot she wants to be in the
shot we to mark your Harry Potter zigzag
like
with her hair did you know if you have
no idea that was from Alaska's vlog
journal I can't remember the steps how I
did it
just five minutes ago I went down Oh
Marley being so freaking judgy over here
come on so great in the spot get a ball
so this Jesus starts licking everything
or the tennis balls oh now I feel
horrible we got to find your ball I
can't get it what sorcery is this
now I shouldn't even I want it good
catch
doesn't want it say you want to look so
he's been getting into everything I see
the butterflies Frankie's gonna puppy
sit I gotta go run to the app authority
in the computer fix keyboard sticking
they're probably really cheap looks like
we're freaking having the biggest
blockbuster party here ever we're taking
over the entire Street all the way down
there yeah we're cool no it's better the
birds the word but the very very very
busy birds the word bird bird bird I'll
have you worried about the bird bird
bird
but so what I was saying earlier was my
computer's not broken the new MacBook
Pros have this thing's called like a
scissor spring or whatever it's like a
new scissor spring for the the keyboard
but it apparently mines all sticking and
there's I never spilt anything on it so
it's getting all jammed up I gotta get
that fixed before leaving for tour
because that's this gonna drive me nuts
because I'm a super genius I made my
appointment for tomorrow so there's a
cancellation that I'm not sure how long
some think that she fix the keyboard and
obviously I needed
so we'll have as a backup at the same
time I think Ali's gonna have to go home
and leave me here
the mall
good morning sleepyhead Ali woke up it
came out like seven right 6:45 so Ali
and I woke up at 5:30
I moved upstairs to fall asleep Ali
stayed up and kind of cleaned up the
house and it made it kind of I don't
want to say presentable because the
house is pretty damn clean what what
sucks is that she did all that work and
as you saw in the video in the time
lapses they just moved everything so all
that hard work that she did so she's
been up since like 6 o'clock in the
morning and we went to bed at 2:30 she's
a little tuckered out maybe her and
Kinsley can go take a nap
speaking of which Kinsley's in love with
Zoey Marley cuz a long time ago you guys
know the zillion Marley toys
we sent nothing for Christmas to her and
to Elliott and both both kids love them
so when Kim's leox all Zoey Marley and
there she's like dog
my legs really need shots there you go
go gates let go keep that little face
there we go all right in action
traps wearing Ally's shirt just don't
tell giraffe that's you're a baritone
you these the low-end all right camera
roll
apparently the little fire started
cleanup in this room and they're still
working in the bedroom right now they're
over at their beat they're tired
you guys can't can't hang with cool kids
I know right what is up with your hair
we have a mirror right there three
actually you got some rad hair this
whole entire day was pretty insane hey
so you gonna be in the shot bro zero
shits given you has zero shits giving
over there
it really is Charles truth break you go
break again enjoy that enjoy that you
use this really good life yeah it's like
an achievement point-and-shoot McCoy did
you just kind of got done here what's
that like good thinking we should all
run the movie yeah right let's go right
now what are we doing for you then
Taylor who is Travis three days to she
gets to leave but it's not done there's
still much to be more funny thing is
that I didn't know that they were using
these pizza boxes an interesting
silliest yeah I think I'm way
hey let me see your con head and you got
to do like a movie like that was a half
a second and I'm sure people get a
screengrab back you know you look
beautiful
you look beautiful and it looks like we
got our living room slash house back so
you did a great job protecting that so
they were here thirteen hours they're
filming this video I think it's good
smells so freakin awesome
playback footage while they're actually
doing those big yo HD guess of
viewfinders essentially what remote key
finders I was watching all the playback
on that it is gonna come out so awesome
I was so proud of this so before this
tour ends it's gonna come out so that's
what's going on right now for that video
so yesterday a bunch of people asked me
when the video would actually come out
so that's what we roughly know today's
question of the day I want you guys to
tell us in the comments what is your sad
song super freakin exhausted please
click the thumbs up button for the new
music video and tell us in the comments
the question of the day I will see you
guys smiles order every night
