alright cool so it's got a little
funnier thing right here no quick roll
how is editing the video I gotta go
right now I'm running to the doctor
because that's being another doctor
today they can do one and they need
medical records so I have to go all the
way down Tampa be my medical records is
apparently they don't understand our
mailing or faxing yes but it was that
all the way back to the doctor one well
good afternoon later I'd say he's going
to see news teacher doctor because his
seizure doctor that he had before has
recently moved so they've referred him
to a new seizure darker so that's why
we're grabbing the medical records and
then going to a new seizure doctor I'm
currently trying to get the vlog off
which is very very difficult in a
parking lot number one getting to see
this is the thing that I love so much
that I I have an issue with two with
daily vlogging is that sometimes when
you're on the road or most fun when
you're on the road it is really really
difficult to find spot to upload
especially if you can't stop it like a
coffee shop or things of that sort you
would think that Wi-Fi would be
available everywhere wife exact Wi-Fi is
available in many many places however
it's not always see this Wi-Fi you guys
notice my Charles you'll send it on the
lake on Wi-Fi hence why we have some
amazing amazing Wi-Fi in our house
sending a little bit of issues trying to
get the vlog up but it will be a very
very soon ok so I'm going to this new
doctor right now and I completely out of
the ways for some ever been there trying
to get my recommendations from my other
doctor my paperwork of my lab work or
what the heck it's called the whole time
I've been just listening to this here to
figure out once it was probably
obviously it's not the real album art
but these are just for the next album
some demos every time before an album I
always do this to the demo so like last
one was gentle five obviously is demo
for I honestly really like doing that
and having those forever and like
listening to your level as well because
I love to hear like how the songs kind
of evolved
own like I could like I could probably
play some strange left to moes and we
piled you guys and me we'd all be like
what and it's just kind of cool to see
like how things have either progressed
or changed that makes me sense I really
love it cuz I store everything I really
love it because it reminds me because my
favorite thing ever was I really love it
because like one of my favorite things
ever was when jimmy eat world would
release a new album somehow one way or
another demos always were released as
well and i always used to love listening
to the demos and then listening to the
actual album and just being where things
were changed and tweaked male is better
welcome to Oz pretty sure that the pizza
hut turned into a strip club you always
wonder what happens to those old Pizza
Hut stores no one else can use them
everything in the entire world is to
welcome that I get from these bodies
gosh you're right yeah he said mom mom I
love you alright so the wood is done and
standing it looks so cool I just love
this gray color I did not think I would
like it as much as I do but it turned
out pretty amazing well I feel like I
haven't seen you guys in a long time I
just got done with a doctor for a long
time there what I'm at the same time he
was cool I like him I don't know if I
like him more than the other one but
he's freaking awesome so i got my
doctor's appointment and now I lost my
day and I think trev and Jenny are
filming the thing that's going on I'll
let we'll talk about later today once i
get to go ahead for a mom from trap but
so i wanted to go and fly the drone and
do that whole situation why they're
filming but I as you can see lost the
entire day so I'm actually a little
bummed right now but got dr. shit done
so that I told him I was really really
sick of paying eight hundred dollars
from a medicine every every month or so
he's trying out lay out a little bit
more that's really good insurance and
still cost me that much money after
constantly being around the road and
getting poked and prodded with all the
doctor stuff I'm finally back home and
relaxing but I want to keep the dogs out
and I assure you guys this a CTFxC
receipt if exterior named Patrick sent
us these cool little flat bracelets that
way we can use them for when we walk the
dogs because you know it's a little bit
dark and I thought it was awesome
Patrick's thank you so much so you want
this one of the blue one ball no big
start work here to see your wrist once
the I remembered you slap bracelets
hilariously enough in elementary school
this is when it came out for me they got
banned and then pogs got banned so slap
bracelets and pogs that's how hardcore
we were in elementary school you
wouldn't mess with us step it 12 oh this
is so fun I used to always try to do
like here let me get a pick it up I used
to always try to see how far I can get
it away from the thing and try to
actually snap it if we can do it should
always try to go like bar and like stop
let go like that it's fun that way try
see how far you can get it and still
make it going really although their swap
bracelets they go forever you have
another letter one good one now that I'm
my big magic now that I don't like feat
of magic trick I don't know if I ever
showed you guys this this is one of my
favorite things that they do in the
world I recommend that no one under the
age of I don't recommend anyone cuz i
wanna get in trouble so you do this you
light your candle so you light it like
to let it burn for a couple seconds so
it spring and then you see here for any
or can't actually i can't see from the
fuzzy thing
I'm sold it okay so you do that and you
blow it and then you like the smoke is
that cool or try to slow
give me my crabs never bexley been to
the house Frankie and Callie who came
before him so okay generate this is the
living room a lot of activity and you
exit aim at that time step because all
the fun stuff to the store do I uh I
stretches the back that's the back holy
shit right in 30 what have you got back
I got it and there's a good yeah maybe
he'll swap Connor stop char baby we love
you well now I know why she doesn't like
it my god Trent rusty yeah I bunches oh
yeah she's really furry or all right
anyone probably want cookie all right
Zoe this is for me chasing around we
show Frankie a trip what would you do
parts this Frankie you going to
breakdance for drinky ready give her a
beat
great shake it they're making me look
bad dog what do you know what is going
on I can't do it the future bring it
come on haha alright Frankie show me
your tricks Oh guys really really cool I
love you okay babe I gotta see the dad
you got to figure out a dad these can't
be do it hard you going to do Oh gonna
get it here to camera you can do it
again every night we looking center or
my friend good every time he ever number
this is great Alleluia drag build a
place how would a big drag what room
kind of Willy where thought you
willingly for me
exactly do you chug your drink get a new
already know I never seen you Talia coke
I'll I'm getting excited 15 seconds ago
and it was gone I think the person
crista moore chris north pretty I don't
know you only have ever heard of that
coaster is gonna be pretty this is a
thing Frankie exact okay first time ever
herzigova dirty Chinese my few things
you know it on these days of you that's
a good I just hope you'll get a friend
Emma no not even like that I've know it
sister small tree yeah exactly this
because I either disgusting it's not
disgusting it's the best we've ever
stations it is it's going to get you
it'll give Nick butcher hundreds and my
god those boys taking over the sesame
chicken pot with the cryptic okay they
are any other heroes ya know because it
going all Chinese Express fun when
you're gonna get one chicken fries and
fry success oh okay hold on oh yeah okay
later got a new best friend all here
let's bowl I'm some coming like mouth
like every let you have it mmm some kind
of kiss okay oh we get it and on that
note guys i'm gonna say goodnight hope
you enjoyed today's video what should
equipment of the baby if you would ask
the internet one question what should
that be for today what answer would you
want to know like what they want to know
an intricate since it's going to fun to
that particular know what punching me
with that okay that's actually kind of
good it's kind of perplexing the
question of the day for today in the
comments what would you ask if you had
to ask the question of the day in class
that's that's that's a Frankie question
that the mind-boggling that propelled
like nasty secrets
Luke what ya get a few dollars question
goes to Frankie who is why spring yet
why you because here you know what I'll
see you guys smell bye
you
