you're the weird dog partner
it's always like get that thing away
from me ladies it does need help
they're gonna camp
yeah
for the dogs in winter Barley's got two
jackets huh let me get your hair to look
them go look at me two years snaps
didn't go through yesterday really I had
to put them through
thanks man there was no reception by the
way I'd have no idea how my goofy
snapchats for my glasses snap caps
laptop it was actually kind of funny at
the parade so many people knew the
glasses I was what actually was wearing
so they kept going in front of me like I
take a picture and I'm like you know
what I don't know why the snapchat
glasses don't take photos and they only
do the video you would think like if you
do it once I would do a photo if you put
into a long press it would do a video or
something like that
hopefully they kind of do that like a
firmware update but I did realize how
stupid that was it doesn't take photos
great your beads you everyone this is
the fun thing about these do the beads
is that during the parade these things
are worth millions of dollars but the
second you leave the parade
they're like garbage Melissa left Oliver
it's what she was so excited about
gathering in our living room I know now
this stuff are they still in the kitchen
yeah it's like you could probably sell
beads like the big-ass beads for
hundreds of dollars at a parade like
these big-ass do the bees if these
things are probably worth two million
dollars people go crazy for red roses
for the fact that they're when you see
like one already bigger insane now
they're just trash what you don't like
double blankets oh the sound of the
balls
you don't like balls Marley
so our oh yeah yeah yeah oh you didn't
talk about that yeah sing Deadwood it
did a few like a couple months ago and
it started leaking like this area up
here started kind of sprouting out a
little leak and it was like spraying
everywhere and then this for some reason
we found chemo on our plant was
shattered in our sink
we have no idea under here was leaking
everywhere we came home to that and now
right now I'm trying to get this all
together and I feel bad we are kind of
we stayed on a little bit longer than we
anticipated and literally was sitting up
on this shelf and it's been sitting
there for months and it wanders rivers
dug and the jellyfish giant a long time
ago though yeah we have a ghost in the
house like I think so there's definitely
there's gotta be a ghost in this house
the curse we had a lot of chaos in this
house when we came home it was fun I
will say I probably drank a little too
much I was a party I came home and I
passed out
Melissa kept going strong but it was a
really good time with the really good
people and probably won't do it next
year probably won't do it next year I
said that about Mardi Gras I end up
going twice the Mardi Gras but now up to
two times I'll never go again yeah ma'am
I just saw what you did she just kicked
up all the grass what a little tent
Marley you're such a jerk we open up the
door and get greeted buddies it of
crazies Oh hazel you're so good you like
this weather huh no my mom said Diesel
was like Brooke just snuggling up on the
couch right now
so diesel still with my mom birthday is
just just cuz Lola max miss him a lot
and she was telling me that he's been
there's like a couch that we have in my
mom's computer room and she calls the
diesels couch because it's the one couch
that he loves to lay on and he knows
it's the only spot he's allowed to lay
on in regards to furniture and my
mother's house
and she said that he's just been like
snuggling up all in the pillows and the
sheets and everything and it's really
really cute kind of like these girls
have their coats on right now we have so
much crap to do today I did not even
realize it I am I'm actually going to be
working on the photobooth idea that we
had I still have to finish painting
these and then we have to get them
hooked up to some velcro I think that's
what we're gonna do and then put it on
the board to see if that works so I'm
working on that but we don't washing
everything it's not one of those days
like I would love one Sunday just to be
able to relax and sit and do absolutely
nothing but that's gonna have to come
down the road
why are you ready you both are on there
now this is a giant expensive dog bed
now you know the thing about cleaning
your house is never-ending job we clean
this house literally two days ago it's
like a bomb went off again and your fur
and daesil's fur and marmots fur is
everywhere literally everywhere there's
a never-ending flipping process I love
you guys I love you Charles and I love
myself and we're mess makers we are a
family of mess makers so jart can you
help me grab something onto the garage
stop it leave me alone No stop what are
those breed snacks
yeah probably now they say daily chef I
thought it's in daily fresh when I can
snack in our white swear to god guys
tonight that grows
can you help me grab something out of
the oven crush you're gonna help me got
something like breakfast just one good
we'll try that
like seriously yeah I'm sure did you
know dum dum ba glares this looks like
the start of a really dumb idea of yours
if you use a little boy no no nope we're
not doing it sorry good
Donita don't care her yeah he's okay
though yeah but your house so get away
from me freak I feel the same way so all
the time Charles Trippy do not give your
dog a heart attack Marley's gone she's
like way off in the room very possibly
the world's happiest I read that chop
chop chop jab chop jab chop jab chop jab
chop jab wait like this it feels very
very nice I like a lot hey Internet
sorry about that
sorry about that do okay
your dad's a dick yes I know I know when
your brother comes back he's just gonna
tear him a new one we're trying to do a
lot of DIY things for the wedding to
kind of make it very unique also to save
a little bit of money and I don't know
how to kind of showcase us as a couple
lately what I've been doing is we've
been building the photobooth background
which is coming along slowly but surely
coming along now I also want to make
some signs for like guiding the guests
into the ceremony but stuff that could
be reusable I decided to take the rest
of the pallets or I'm sorry to take the
rest of the planks cut them in for us
and use them as signs throughout the
entire wedding I guess you could say I'm
gonna paint some ideas I want to show
you guys some of the ideas that I have
but of course up interested it up
I found some really cute like ideas on
things and like areas of the wedding I
know it seems kind of like we're going a
little bit crazy with this but it's I'm
actually having so much fun doing it I'm
having a lot of fun and I have friends
getting married very soon and I've been
talking to them about it and they're
actually very excited about potentially
using these things that are making it's
going to good use it's not gonna be used
just once it's gonna be used multiple
times so I find it to be a valuable
investment that makes sense see these
are the leftover pallets
they're like little corner pieces of one
half of the pallet that was left over
from doing the stands for the photo
booth so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
same again with that gray color cuz we
really really liked it let that dry for
a second and then I'm gonna paint a
thing on it
go one side done and once it dries I'm
gonna do other side and then one of the
little things that I found that turned I
was like I'm gonna paint it on one of
them on the other one we're gonna we're
gonna pull something together you guys
let's go I'm like pretty amazed for
being a Sunday and being gloomy and
gross how productive we've been today
it's a nice change of pace but at the
same time it's like a huge noise of mics
I feel like I've developed this new
sense of I have to constantly go go go
go go
and do something because of that one
yep you your personality has turned me
into this go go go go go to a person
where I have to do 15 million things and
I don't know how to relax all the time
anymore I love you for that but I hate
you for that and I don't hate them I can
appreciate it I have a newfound
appreciation for about the same time I
just want to chill sometimes and I just
don't know how to do it anymore
what are you doing just working I just
finished editing the love that way it's
done I know the Sunday you mean the 8:00
p.m. on Sunday
I must confess one of my childhood
dreams was to be able to actually karate
chop and break a board I just never got
around to doing it and I just don't know
how so I'm probably not to YouTube it
I'm pretty sure you don't do it with a
like a half an inch board that's five
layers but that's actually been one of
my all-time other than going to space
one of my all-time like dreams I guess
you could say you know it's kind of
interesting because going to space in
the next probably 20 or 30 years
actually might be a feasible thing just
guys start saving my money with all into
the Virgin Galactic or whatever it is
ali-a looks super confused right now is
that what it's called dick
look at this you are not allowed ever
for anybody to call this a strawberry
that's cheating
well it's me they're mutants that's not
cool and then you go and look at the
organic ones see look at the organic
ones they look like strawberries that
just goes to show you the difference
between organic enough that's pretty
good technically it's like a man work
exactly this is arnold schwarzenegger of
strawberries cooking some Venus I'm
cooking some chicken sausages some Venus
okay Elena everyday I have to deal with
that and it looks like I'm gonna have to
deal with it my entire life which I'm
okay with it I'm okay with that I love
you too hey Google turn off lights hey
Google turn lights off take a little
turn lights off hey Google turn lights
off haha hey good luck it this is always
favorite thing in the world here you go
there you go
don't swallow it I don't know how you
guys eat all this I know it's not good
for you so we're not gonna let you keep
eating in time it keeps them so busy
it's so preoccupied it's like when you
give would that be equivalent to like
when you give something to a kid to just
preoccupy themselves ball any toy any
toy any box today's question of the day
is something that actually might help us
out
alan i still have yet to figure out our
wedding song is it for our first dancers
that don't come down the okay three
bitches ain't no but hoes and tricks
that actually been killed we're walking
down the aisle okay yeah oh my god like
we love rock and roll we like grew up on
it so I found this
love it and it's like a slow version
it's so rad the things that I'm gonna do
that but I need that song to walk down
the aisle to whether it's instrumentals
or a cool song and we'll think out of
the box it's not to christina perri
thousand years or whatever okay so
that's the question today so that's the
question today give us for us to say
three three songs that you think would
be good for the walking down the aisle
our first dance the announcement of you
know the first time they announced us so
we need some help I I see the thing is I
know songs but I don't know the name of
songs so this actually might help me out
a tremendous amount so tell me in the
comments guys give us some ideas don't
forget to click the little like button
please and I asked nicely so you have to
do it now otherwise it's rude have a
great night no actually hold on I'm
gonna snapchat the end of this video
all right at the end of today's video
alright have a great night guys
and don't forget to subscribe and we'll
see you guys tomorrow as always
