yeah weird yeah see where we're going
they cover me up cover me up quick right
yeah it is cold and I love it
I am really loving this weather
apparently it's gonna be pretty cold
tomorrow um it is Gasparilla which is
kind of like a big thing in florida and
they have this like huge parade out in
Tampa everyone just like pirates it gets
pretty crazy I'm not even gonna like
it's pretty crazy I'm ELISA and I and I
think meg and possibly Savannah are all
gonna go to the day parade which will be
a lot of fun I was gonna go to surf Expo
this year that's in Orlando but I
decided to avoid that not avoid it it's
just a lot of the work that I get done I
can actually do from home now that I
don't have to actually go and do lines
and things of that sort so I'm just
gonna refrain from that
this one just breathe oh yeah that's
pretty
I'll switch battery I didn't bring down
the cop who did it's right yeah
serve her alive so section company
so those are two dresses well one of the
dress I didn't film the other dress I
didn't get the blue one
sassy dress yeah I ended up getting my
dress for the rehearsal dinner which I'm
very happy about because I try not like
I told you guys the other day and he's
sad to try to knock everything out
before you leave it's just less stress
at the better
I got it so exciting I had to go get a
haircut now too because as you can see
the fact that I can do this now it's
look at this is ridiculous what it looks
like it's like me 2003 it's like I'm
listening to Thursday and I have emo
hair I'm bringing back an entire genre
genre I should say you're such an emo
hair clinic guy tomorrow I guess on you
guys earlier is the Gasparilla Jeffery
pirates winches lots of Jack Sparrow
lots of booty
that's a booty that's a bead Frank he's
coming in Frankie's coming in Zach
Callahan at Kalamazoo whatever you want
to call we're trying to get char to go I
said I said I would go if Zach and
Frankie went I think Zach's going so I
think that means I have to go here's the
fun thing not fun this is the reason why
I hate this thing - sprayed so much is
that this is a lob side there we go
my body Philips hidden from the from the
campus room I used to work down in Hyde
Park which at this movie theater a long
time ago and the gas below
Gasper Gasparilla parade would open shut
up would always go on he was getting off
of work so every year my god like
clockwork
obviously I would eat that thing I get
stuck in like three hours of traffic
just riding home so as a extension of
the parade I just
I loathe it's not terrible if you have a
good group of people it's actually not
that bad
it might be a little bit think about
maybe spiffy this is gonna be the
wedding haircut yeah sorry now we're
trying to figure out how short - you're
my shouldn't say we are he's trying to
figure out how far to go on the side
this is gonna be for tour and then I
there's no way here and there I have a
scheduled appointment for the day before
the wedding which is kind of scary
actually it'd be honest with you know
you look really handsome this is one of
those no but you're gonna look super
handsome look super handsome figure out
how did you might have for the wedding
somebody will help you this is provide
me one month I said he looks sexy I like
it yeah yeah you do you look really good
Wow can I get more with okay where's
this shirt from I'm gonna get more of
these things for H&M this is me I'm sure
yeah look oh it's for up 21 what was it
oh I didn't know they had good
you do like you looking really handsome
thank you sir
you're kind of a babe just for today
though
pool toys for $0.99 at least mom's
birthday was a month it was like known
that month ago a couple weeks ago and
she was she was feeling really terrible
so we weren't even looking out and do
something like that for her birthday
thank you so we're here now just better
late than ever I've always loved Mexican
restaurants because of this like they
always do some mini for our models shoot
children
dumb and dumber salary check out this
food is so good so there's our full
pinto beans and of course charles and
eating oh right yeah did it blow your
mind but it we're celebrating my mom's
birthday today and this is like one of
her favorite places it must definitely
one of mine and then of course Charles
gets tacos now you can hide for me hey
what's that the car
I downloaded the boy band version the
GPS turn right then turn left I'm trying
to download the kit version from Knight
Rider an old lady now yeah she from
sleeping on the campground from the
ground camping
she has been incapacitated for the past
two days oh so great the guy then left
alright
no it's my acquaintance left arm yeah
you too eyebrows gone who acts which one
all right all right gonna laugh there's
no way we're good we have a hand back
what's wrong with you why'd you look at
this beauty
he's like the dogs when a cold weather
comes it just gets hyper for no reason
waiting over Moses house over the
wedding registry print presidents came
over and so we're picking that up and
look at this dude he's big again every
time we see him he's just so massive
growing stop growing say I want the pig
that pig has made its way around
everywhere those micro bacterial things
yeah this is rabies yeah fin you want
rabies of course you want Radio have
rabies
you say you're gonna get one more and
that day before he tries to kill you I
was having fun I'm wrapping everything
that's for my cousin
those are pretty awesome I can eat I can
drink cereal out of this like a frickin
boss alleys always making fun of me
because in the morning when I see the
dogs at 8:00 in the morning I'm like
halfway awake the only reason why I ever
wake up this is Marley jumps on me I
want to have cereal in the morning but I
for some reason or another I don't use
bowls I just go and use a coffee mug I
think it's because my thought process is
they eat so fast and I have to go walk
walk them outside and do all that fun
stuff so I was just getting a coffee mug
put cereal in it just hold it I but at
the same time I end up using all the
coffee mugs so she makes fun of me so
with all those coffee mugs tonight I
believe is going to be a girls night
Melissa and I are gonna do something a
little bit different because it's cold
out it feels really wonderful we're
gonna have a girls night tonight we're
gonna go visit our friend Meg and we're
gonna go to the beach and we're gonna go
listen to some live music I'm trying to
get Charles to go cuz I do not mind him
intruding on girls night but I think
that he's going to stay home
he's got some stuff on his mind and he
just needs to chill so I'm gonna let him
do just that awkward sister bonding so
that's what we're gonna do sister
bonding this evening it's kind of crazy
every once in a while she just gets in
this mode and just destroys something
she was asleep that more than five
minutes ago
then woke up she was literally sleeping
there woke up grab that thing and
started destroying it
Hey stop being a dick Marley well she
was just trying to get the squeaker out
look she always does it's like emergency
surgery is that all you wanted one for
the source this is what you wanted
that's what you wanted and the monster
sleeps after they kill you punk Mar so I
was walking by a mirror what's crazy is
I normally don't have my hair this short
on the side I noticed when I walked by
in fact you can see it right now I don't
know if you guys can see what I'm
talking about I can't necessarily
some reflections but if you look you can
clearly see my scar from when I had
surgery and that's the first time I
really got to see it through a haircut
you can kind of see it right here and
then you can see right here and I think
right there can i hard to see them so my
head
hopefully I'm pointing to the right
things when I see that scar every time
it still gets me how crazy a couple
years was when I had to do a brain
surgery skip a couple months and then
the next year to another brain surgery
to this day I have these emotions about
that situation I rarely talk about I
mean I kind of talk about it but I mean
like I have these deep-rooted like
emotions and thoughts about that whole
thing and maybe one day I'll completely
open up about it
I just I just wanted to show you guys
especially if you guys are new the scar
if you don't remember or have no idea
what I'm talking about this photo right
here was me a couple years ago and if
you're also new this right here also on
my palm of my hand is a video I'll put a
link in the description of my brain
being cut open pretty hardcore stuff I
don't it's is these weird things I don't
know like to this day I use that so much
as motivation that I'm still here I'm
still strong I'm still healthy getting
better every single day and I hope now
that that's more visible I can see that
so when things get kind of rough or
things kind of get a little bit crappy
it's basically what I'm try say it's
what I think things are at its worst I'm
able to look in the mirror and I'm still
able to see that thing and remind myself
you can do this and that things are
always or things could always be worse
is what I'm trying to say I don't know I
think that's kind of like one of those
life lessons that you know if you think
something's bad and you're thinking
you're having it really really tough and
you think it's the worst thing in the
world just always think it could always
be worse and use that
motivation to slingshot yourself back to
a more positive attitude because
honestly it sounds cheesy but that's how
I got through everything for myself and
still am getting through everything for
myself the last couple years of my life
have been amazing but at the same time
I've had some really really dark dark
moments in my life and it's all
documented on the internet and you guys
got to see it and I get to go back and
see it as well and use that as a way of
for me to see that as a pinpoint of my
life to where I know I was kind of
getting at my low point and that no and
that knowing I can overpass pretty much
anything that's thrown my way kind of a
super dark way to end a video but just
was on my mind and I just wanted to
clear it I think one day I'll try to
find the words to describe what I'm
trying to say cuz everything right now
is very vague I just don't know honestly
I just don't know how to describe things
that I'm thinking or feeling so it's
maybe one day I'll come up with those
words or ways of speaking I guess okay
that was so jumbled as it was I just
wanted to say thank you guys so so
freaking much seriously two hands on the
camera so much for all the years that
you guys have been by my side sticking
through all those ups and all those
downs
it honestly eleven years of making
videos eight years of making daily
videos and I wouldn't change any of it
for the world
I really wouldn't this has been a
blessing that I never ever ever thought
I know I know I've said that before I
never thought this would ever didn't
know this existed I mean we all all of
us this past 15 years have created
something that will last for decades if
not years if not lifetimes and I think
that's amazing to think about like we're
on that cusp that that turning point
where technology is completely
revolutionized everything we are it we
are doing it you guys myself all our
friends were the ones changing
everything and I that's so crazy to
think about we are the ones changing
things so I think all of you guys every
one of you need to be very proud of
yourself for being one of those people
you're gonna sit back one day and you're
just gonna be sitting there and it's
just gonna hit you and you're gonna be
like wow that is crazy that's what's
happening to me kind of like lately
every single day because it's been going
on a little over a decade this happens
to me all the time I started a I skipped
B and C and somehow I get the energy or
sometimes even a Z and there's no middle
point or no connection whatsoever and
what I was even trying to say I guess
without getting too crazy in the end of
the video I just want to say thank you
so much for watching today's video thank
you so much for subscribing thank you so
much for telling your friends to watch
the videos thank you so much for
clicking like commenting all those
things truly proud I'm proud I'm very
very proud I think this is this is
amazing I will see you guys tomorrow as
always that's not going to change so
please click that like button go check
out those videos I was the say in the
description go watch yesterday's video
tell your friends to watch the video
tell your friends to come and subscribe
have a great night bye guys
