today I think is the coldest day oh my
god s cold ones though she just loves it
out there when I woke up in that house I
guess I have the heat wrong we've got
Thomas am I kidding should I take a
photo 63 degrees in the house day two of
demolition upstairs
trippy household day two of demolition
second floor to be household oh it's
another one day two day to carp skin
ripped out
day two we're just gonna go do it I'm
sorry you can't come up here right now
we're doing our makeshift baby gate
slash dieselgate slash puppy gate you
know our house is kind of in full
destruction mode right now
but I'm pretty impressed that we got so
much done in one day you have to sit
down there but I get you turned your
tush around make it didn't work baby
didn't work please you're so cute you
really are go slow you get out yeah see
that's what happened you get in but you
can't get out stay down there okay
I appreciate your help though it's
actually looking really good I think we
got a lot accomplished in one day in one
night with the guy that would talk to
that's actually up at the flooring down
typically what you gotta do is you to
remove every single thing from the room
makes a little bit easier however this
flooring isn't that difficult to put in
and he said that what we could do is
slide things back and forth from one
side of the room to the other side so I
think we're gonna do that can't do this
you just can't have everything you own
in one room one cool thing about making
your own t-shirts is that you have an
abundant amount and you can just you
always think you're wearing the same
shirt multiple times just grab another
one
it is currently 63 degrees upstairs
without even having that
air-conditioning on
I want it still 46 out all right so it's
a little bit warmer alright so we just
got some good news from crunch time the
guy can come in an hour so we might
actually get at least
all these rooms done today and the rest
of it tomorrow so I'm gonna yeah it does
seem really awesome I'm a little
concerned about the pinball machine in
the old school they will figure it out
no it was a beast it was like straight
up like straight up aluminum feel this
computer this is like this is the
computer this is what computers should
be made of this is kind of exciting only
problem is this all the duct tape we
have so I gotta go ride my bike you'll
find a place that does it all right any
time I ride my bike with no handlebars I
always think of robots every time I get
back gotta help value for this guy comes
I was going by the house and I like
threw some carpet out the window she saw
me goofing around so I gotta go she's
gonna going to run ammo well that almost
hit the edge I gotta get better at this
now comes the annoying part I have to go
through and find all the staples we got
to see what they're doing
wow this is looking awesome they're
working fast there's a little bit
different color but that's okay I like
it they were kicking butt though that's
for sure this is awesome I'm excited I'm
so glad we didn't do it though ha to be
honest more of an update oh and they
completely drop one of these on their
foot we got to give it a second and if
it's continually pulsating we're gonna
take her to the hospital but I think she
may have just heard it really bad so I'm
hoping for I don't think she necessarily
broke it like this guy fell on her foot
so good news we don't think she broke it
but you've got a big old welt on that
right side
we go blue geez man on the camera you
could really see it in person I can't
really comment if I was okay because
I've been wearing a hat for the past
three days I've done salable or myself
every day the password is very trusted
I've hurt myself somehow
your your occasionally a trippy honey
okay so in the comments is Alli more
classy or am I more flexible what honey
you gotta stop walking on it and you're
definitely a trippy you're stubborn and
klutzy all right so I have that other
baby gate or Marley gate over by the
stairs and I got one here to keep Marley
out from here too and I got to find a
dustpan a little pissed off I don't know
where that is I seem to always lose that
not looking forward to this because it's
not something because it took nine eggs
everything is cooking she's looking like
what are you doing man this is gonna
keep Marley from coming in here and
taking your food a little cat gay thing
well this one looks a little bit nicer
than the wood one and I couldn't tell
you guys how many times going over that
thing I almost busted my face back for
another checkup it's really an exciting
day for us because it looks so luckily
I'm hard to walk on it right now
Wow getting there this is exciting
that's the whole day's have been one of
these like you know fix-it things I've
really freaking loved it because back
okay guys remember when we did the porch
in the back kind of cool to see the
transitions in the blog's you only get
to go back and look at some of these
things you know other things that we
were able to do that Mister by yourself
because those guys are crushing it but I
don't know it's just kind of nice anyway
I got to cut this for Ali's mom because
she's gonna be making something with it
and we've had that thing since I think
our wedding
cuz that was the original idea was to
use fencing who's an ally made that
awesome part with her dad got safety
first got my onion glasses because all I
really have
I always looking all spiffy and
beautiful you helping Mar its ally you
told them it's Kathy's birthday right
yeah
your mom's birthday I call her mother
cat so we're supposed to be going out to
eat but right now they're taking a
little longer so I might know yeah we
didn't plan on them necessarily today so
this is awesome
so we're hoping what they can actually
get done relatively soon that way I can
start getting ready and I can meet up
with everyone you guys are doing what
hibachi yeah I got to make sure that the
floors all good right D see what they
have so far Wow Wow
this is gonna be night and day in here
got super lucky they just left so that
means I get to go have dinner with
everybody thank God we're late I got
ready in like three minutes yes ladies
out there my sister and Ally are the
most notorious for like thinking that
their straighteners on most of the times
not actually here's the trick my sister
said I'm not a girl so I don't know this
whole stuff every time you put your
straightener in the sink then you know
like even if it's on it's at least like
safer don't do it but at the same time
it's better than not and you get at
least a back-up plan if you're a
numbskull again sister an ally
Zoe you're in charge we vacuum o go for
a stroll do it
it's not it's not odd does anyone know
wah goo is because right there because
that's ridiculous
right not that where there is
we just got home and I have to show you
that something we think this is probably
very very insane to say we think our
house is haunted
I've heard noises and her weird things
in here
lights have flickered on and off that
one always does it which I have an
answer for which I think could protect
like it possibly could just be because
we have like our electrical in this
house or in this neighbor just the
lightbulbs could just be what I hear
noises all the time but I come see this
come see this this wasn't not in our
house before we left for our trip to
North Carolina it's just a random screw
or or maybe I was like I'm trying to
like find every logical answer that
there is not because there's nothing
because I was like I wonder if maybe my
mom my sister dinner on accident but
like ooh why would I have a screw over
here what see here's the thing is like I
could see you know like a hole or maybe
even accidentally something else but
that's a screw that literally would have
to be deliberately put
whoa guys it is a little past midnight
and we're still burning the midnight oil
that actually worked out perfectly
we almost got this pretty much taken
care of before going to bed
yeah the pinball machines so we have
this I have no idea how we're gonna move
this I mean it obviously you guys know
this is my pride and joy right here so I
got to be super careful that the balance
and all that stuff doesn't screw it up
anyway don't forget to subscribe guys
and hopefully by tomorrow you're right
Ali's been loving this I get why all
those people do that home renovation
things do do did you say doo doo
actually do it I should say and but I'd
say it's really a bigger anyway starting
from scratch it's gonna be nice once we
get it all done play other guys we'll
see you tomorrow
have a great night
