I think somebody missed me now that
we're home as fun as the school days
were it's definitely nice to just be at
the house and not land and dirt digging
in dirt eating dirt accidentally eating
dirt I just want to say that I saw I'm
uploading today's video which was
yesterday's video if you didn't watch
yesterday's video Alli spending so much
time on it and made it to be a very
beautiful beautiful video so go check
that out it's our time on the river or I
guess it would be a spring I think it's
a spring it's not even a river because
it's like super clean it is so beautiful
over there go check out the video tell
Ally she did an amazing job and then
later today without telling you guys too
much we have a film scout coming to the
house to check out the location of the
house for a possible video I'm not gonna
tell you what video but I'm sure you
guys can put two and two together and
figure out so we're scrambling to get
everything taken care of cause every
time we come home from any vacation it's
always a tornado desk stop moving
she'd want to be a parent so she decided
to be a desk get rid of this guy now all
right so we got to figure out okay hold
push your back up I will get the awesome
new drill and was just knock down would
you care for a frozen strawberry there
Mar that's giving me goose bumps
that literally gave me goose bumps that
noise man just keeps giving me goose
bumps you know what it's reminded me of
like you know eight nails on chalkboard
man just think about nails on a
chalkboard look at that just into my arm
it's ridiculous just thinking about it I
hated like the best day in my school
career was the day when they switched
from chalkboards to white erase boards
like whiteboards that was the greatest
greatest day for me because I was always
sitting way in the back of the class
because I could not stand the sound of
chalk on a chalkboard it's just as I'm
Archer is twice as I'm saying this right
now I'm getting goose bumps again that
is one of the most annoying things to me
is chalk lease on a chalkboard that
noise like just that noise so whenever
one swear
to a whiteboard with markers and that
went away I think that was for me like
middle school or high school best day
ever stupid little thing I know ally and
I just went through it and cleaned
everything look at this about beautiful
the house is looking right now as part
the clean this has been in a very long
time hey Mark thanks for occupying the
the bed
everything looks beautifully clean yeah
beautiful thing yeah got to get to this
room now sometimes when you know people
are coming over we're the type of people
just shove something in our room and
shut it and lock it but the film Scouts
came they loved the room so they're
gonna come here Wednesday and they're
gonna shoot a video in here as well as
upstairs too because the office is a
no-go
tell us with your eyes Miley do you want
cookies roll your eyes I already paid
off the videographer which is incredibly
important for the video tribe Tyler and
Haley got married was on a year ago
roughly a year ago and their best friend
actually filmed their wedding and he
suggested giving him as well so we're
flying him in okay so 45 days 46 days if
we're getting married
46 days come on but stuck with you
forever
yeah six years guys the countdown begins
okay we got these awesome like rubber
mats for the car I don't know why it's
taking me a freakin this long because
every time we have these you guys saw
the other day
it's just Marley hair just gets
everywhere see so I got these mats that
you covered this whole area so that way
this car looks really freaking awesome
when cleaning the car because now that
I'm driving it I feel like this personal
responsibility to make sure I do it I'm
some like a passenger it's kind of like
me I don't get done I got see what I
mean there's gum wait how do you yeah
what
you better get her she jumps in this car
you're done what I was gonna say was now
I want to go clean this thing completely
head-to-toe because we got these awesome
rubber mats that keep little Marley hair
but now we got more Marley here oh no
you son of a bitch you put it back in
there I'm gonna kick your ass
Marley I love you but these rubber mats
need to go in first and then you can go
for a ride I've got to say guys it feels
awesome to have a clean car it's just
such a nice nice feeling I'm going to
now that I've got the drone and I'm
actually decent at flying it and I think
I'm gonna actually make sunset here in
st. Pete Beach so I'm rushing over there
now I put my little rubber bats in
because I know it's gonna get super
sandy I don't know yesterday's video
just looks so amazing with all the
montages Ali came up with I just want to
try to get some cool ones cool shots
right now she's getting her makeup trial
again with the different I think it's a
different girl I think she's like she's
doing it the smart way because 45 days
46 days that what I think it said
yesterday earlier two hours ago like
three clips a tow for you guys I can't
remember anything I cannot wait to call
that beautiful woman my wife not only is
she beautiful but she's hilarious
and every time I'm like pissed off or
angry I feel like people always ask you
know like how do you know she's the one
and I believe it's number one for me
humor and if that person can make you
laugh when you're so pissed off or
frustrated you got a keeper laughter I
feel is I hate saying the best medicine
it's not the best medicine because
medicine is the best medicine
I completely what the fuck am I talking
about anyway
I cannot wait to call that smart
beautiful hilariously weird woman my
wife I don't know how I got on that
subject but oh that's what 46 days I
wanted to go get some cool like shots
it is the sun's going down as you can
probably see I just got to race the Sun
right now everyone including Danny
thought I was going to lose the drum but
I'll be completely honest that Mavic is
so easy to fly it's get so many like I
said earlier it's got so many warning
things I can't get cocky or I'm super
glad that I didn't fly it I was gonna
fly it the first night in the dark and
then I realized that would be a terrible
terrible terrible idea just simply
because a couple days ago I did that
montage video and that obviously just
reminded me I forgot how much I ramble
randomly uselessly in the car just makes
me feel like I'm not talking to myself
do you guys remember that wedding that I
was doing all the hair for and there was
a young lady there that was doing the
makeup that's Amanda this is Amanda that
was for Claire's wedding and Amanda's
gonna do a makeup trial made today and I
don't even know why I didn't think of
her because I loved the way that she
declares makeup and it was natural but
it was beautiful and it like it
accentuated the perfect parts of her so
we're gonna do that today but guys go
follow her on what's your Instagram the
crazed Butte the crazed Butte I won't
put that stuff down below but go follow
her she was awesome stuff on her
Instagram check out these eyes
check them out this is what I wanted
it's what I wanted all along now we're
gonna do the rest of makeup I'm just
kidding I'm not a baking right now all
right guys what are you thinking with
the LEDs on my face I love it I love it
I look so cool damn it
of course it's cloudy I race over here I
make it in time and it's cloudy you guys
were on Travis bachelor party there was
like a bull or whatever it was we're all
road
there it is show us this mountain it
that was cool
keep going
Ted you got Ted you got oh we lost the
one pump it up a little bit where are
you going
beautifully beside that
I like how I just spent all that time
cleaning the car now I'm just gonna
truck a bunch of sand in it
luckily I got those plastic liners now
this is nice
can I like now now that I get to drive I
don't have to constantly rely on Ally I
would have loved for her to come out
here maybe tomorrow when she's not doing
her makeup but at the same time it was
kind of nice to just be able to pick up
and go wow it really could start it
feels so good that things are like
finally coming together the little
things that like the think about a
weddings and I'm realizing that there
are a lot of nitpicky things that you
have to get together organize and worry
about it's crazy how important and kind
of frustrating they can be I'm so happy
that I was able to get this down cuz it
was one of the biggest worries that I
had what's that penis freaking penis
yeah it was a big worry for me but and
it sounds dumb but it's like your
wedding day and you want to look good
and you want to like I wanted to kind of
step a little bit out of my element but
still feel like myself so oh I just feel
so happy she killed it so I'm done baby
I'm John I have everything in order for
the wedding except for the wedding dress
except for the wedding dress which
should be happening very very soon I
actually haven't seen the final product
yet that's the line nerve-racking part I
have not yet seen my wedding dress I
don't even know what it looks like you
gotta live a little guys you gotta live
a little
how are you loving your drone good why
don't they get a cool shot don't like
this along the meat and then like this
before hit the water kind of go up and
wish I got to go with you yeah sorry
about that sunsets all the time doesn't
it okay we were actually going to get
all the supplies for like the photo
booth thing that we were making the
other day we were walking through one of
the aisles and you know how like at the
end of aisles I always have like really
random things at the very end wow they
got us don't FX you're making doughnuts
literally bought a doughnut tin and
Oh baby you beat that egg you beat that
egg you better beat that eh you wrong
you better for that matter
Oh mix that batter that better is being
bad make it better how much sugar I
haven't had a lot of sugar a lot of
sugar but you better beat it you better
beat it real good beat that batter you
know what don't say like good doughnuts
okay that's it baby
what do you say can I now have as a book
back what do you say can I please have
as a fucking yeah so you can no bake a
small one I don't need a big point we
don't work you said a gallon I did and I
said just the regular was it fuck back
well pardon me my dear friends ah so
internet this was actually one of the
other makeup looks I was thinking about
going for for the wedding she was
supposed to be taking a shower and she
comes out like bad do you think I'm
pretty
I do yeah I really wanted my eyes to pop
who's giving the blast flashes of like
our future child girl just coming out
like that identical you know what I was
trying to prove a point to myself and I
guess to Charles and maybe even you guys
that no matter what I put on my face
Charles still thinks I look pretty it
was like you just said
I do have you had a doughnut yet the
moment of truth
homemade doughnuts basically just cake
shaped of the circle mmm-hmm victory it
was a good way to end the video today's
question today guys is just a simple one
donuts or bagels what would you say I'd
say bagels do don't forget to subscribe
and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night
bye guys
