what are you doing out honestly this is
the worst time for us to go camping
because we just watched the new Blair
Witch and I'm terrified Ali's got our
hunting stuff ready
you got your machete and your shotgun
they're gonna hunt plants we're off to
go campaign and I thought we were going
to Jenny's Springs when we're not going
to Jenny's Frank's we're going to Kelly
Park which I've never been to Kelly Park
I could get the Kelly but I believe
Jenny Springs
I bet the jet experience a long time a
woman
you wouldn't go to sprinkle grouse rings
you never know so Valentina has two days
off and she doesn't really get to do too
much and she you know she's relatively
new to this area Danny College that was
like hey do you guys want to go with us
to go camping
hey and like we told you earlier this
Eric weird we're saying yes to a lot of
things we're doing like a lot of
impromptu trips basically father's like
hey do you want to go camping
I'll be honest to you you just watch the
new Blair which by the way - do I look
really dumb in these I'm actually
starting to like them anyway I was like
no dude I don't think so because I don't
like the look on new Blair Witch but
then he goes do you want to go through
the cabin thing and I was like well you
know tenting being a tent might actually
be kind of fun
we're going to go get a tent first we're
gonna go get our spot then we're gonna
go get a tent you burning down the cabin
thing and Charles is not really big on
camping which I can understand terrified
I love it I just I love it that
terrified terrified
I get terrified like it's that freaked
out very easily after watching a scary
no that's understeers movie
Sacre
we have done our car passes now we just
have to go and get a tent buy a tent
see this is the only problem with these
last-minute things is that if you don't
have the supplies it kind of wastes a
lot of your day time but you know what
that's okay cuz we're gonna have so much
fun well the thing is usually when we do
our little spontaneous things we can
just get a hotel we're not doing that
well that's why I'm saying we don't want
out we have a tent so if ever want to do
this you know you might go on the right
way sure did I just am i kicking myself
in the woods if I wore yeah this is why
I don't know if you should be dressing
take me back looks like a cocoon a
cocoon alright so we need one why don't
we get this one the Ninja Turtles one do
know we're only getting one Oh for nine
bucks this wouldn't be good right or do
it do we need to get two are we just
gonna lay it out I don't like so it's 50
degrees we need to get to I think let's
go a little more that was 40 degrees
that was better you get the good one cuz
because I'm not female I'm a woman or
what we could do is I'm gonna snapshot
you guys look I'm snapchatting the vlog
Hey sleeps four people or one long-ass
alley okay cameras because really your
flashlight you gotta get the ones that
aren't gonna stop conveniently with them
something scary happens like every
horror movie ever getting once there we
go headlamp that's a good one
actually I might be good for vlogging -
oh those are gonna definitely fail you
test see some of these work and this
some of them don't
yeah but I think there's a reason gonna
work
oh right maybe your droves like a
battery thing you slide out but I'd
rather just not risk it yeah we always
need lights they're perfect got it okay
get one that we could die like this bat
one just knock something out if it comes
after us it's literally shaped like a
bat I love that all right so we need
sticks for I mean we could just do the
like real camping thing and find a real
stick oh good
I wonder how they taste actually grab
one just a sandwich that tastes
yep that's gonna be that's a lot of
calories now okay we're wasting time we
got to get back got to build our tent
before the Blair Witch but does he have
all stuff to cook like yeah he said he
had all that stuff whatever you knife be
machete I don't for some odd reason
Walmart only cares the tiny marshmallows
so for the first time in my life I'm
actually looking for peeps which are
like the least appetizing Valentine's
candy to me
but in this case might actually be
useful if we can find peeps now maybe
Walmart just doesn't like marshmallows
we really have no peeps either I don't
know where that leads
but that's terrifying totally pro people
I know man people are like super pros we
are not super food people coming in Big
Ten's
campers we have a cheap Walmart s let's
see this is the spontaneity maybe we can
hang it there you can hang out with
these guys okay so I think we should
camp here and then there's one here and
then that's where we obviously can make
a lot of food we've got to remember to
turn the car off we have to do this so
we can actually set this thing up
because we got here a little too late
unfortunately but tomorrow I think we
can like pack up early and kind of do
some stuff because there's actually a
spring here it's freezing right now it's
like getting close to 50 degrees but
spring stays out of even like 72 degrees
so right here
we have made tents look at that it's a
beautiful tent now he's gonna put the
roof on otherwise that's gonna be bad
okay here's a fun little story I went to
get firewood I didn't really know how
many pizzas thirty pieces of firewood
would actually be so is this blinding
you when we turn this off like I didn't
really know how many pieces thirty
pieces of wood was so I ordered three
orders of thirty pieces so 90 pieces of
wood we got about here loading it in the
car and then I realized there's no way
so I had to get a refund because 90
pieces of wood is quite a lot I know we
could just start being charitable and
just giving away you know I mean this is
the first time I went camping in a very
long time and I'm actually really really
excited let's go check out our little
house go check out our little home away
from home
look at that yeah little Matt's sleeping
nice I'm probably gonna arrange this so
we can why don't we sleep in the middle
oh look at this it's got a little
electrical outlet wait what is oh yeah
it goes right through here it's kind of
cool
and there's an outlet over there -
there's modern camping what the is
that no kidding I just saw eyes right
there did you see it guys can see the
eyes okay that's not creepy you see the
eyes right there every time it looks
back at us okay you guys are seeing that
right there's no way you guys didn't see
that I'm gonna go look I'll be the first
one to die no they're just see if I can
zoom in
Oh
whatever it is I got a scare it don't
like this don't like this not at all
call me a wimp I don't give a yeah
okay no cuz I got cast iron whoa
Danny's gonna cook us dinner well just
burgers whatever it's dinner that works
where's my grave I know right oh yeah
it's in the back in the car
I'm not tent isn't it cool Valentina's
here so is Valentina it's like two days
off so we're taking it baby you go kill
all this food these Lunchables right now
I gotta show you guys something Danny
created where's your little lantern this
is actually pretty genius my phone off
here yeah you can use this one it's
actually pretty genius this is like the
Red Solo Cup for the speaker yes this is
this is lifehacks right here they teach
this in the Boy Scouts now kind of Handy
kinda is actually I mean this is more
efficient debts true but doesn't look as
cool no it doesn't doesn't look nearly
as cool Danny Val's a tent popped up in
literally 30 seconds I literally sat
there and watched them do it like a
total man hey are you peeing over there
yes peeing just watch out for that
raccoon I saw you've got friends now I
feel like I'm playing real-life
Slenderman right now I gotta make the
noise
I'm being a big baby I know you guys to
make fun of me I'm a big baby I just
don't like being able to not see things
by the way I think that thing obviously
that thing was a raccoon this creepy to
see two little glowing eyes
okay the raccoon came back this goes
back to you like you're getting ballsy
he's great behind this thing now those
eyes is scary every time we're gonna be
attacked that's the same one what are
you doing out there you go he's walking
right up to us till it's right there the
fire is lit do it do it this will keep
the raccoon away any goblins
here we go oh there we go nice that's
real nice is that a question of course
you should I wish we can just have
lighter fluid on that constantly we
could actually see
satisfying he's watching y'all pick
around the tree thank you he'll be back
in five minutes he reminds me of Marley
dope if you could make me the perimeter
we don't want to call security
he walks away and then looks down and
hunched his over like Marley does that's
why I admit I can't get mad at up you go
pee go pee over there go hang out with a
raccoon campers toilet paper that means
it's biodegradable okay no bring it back
and put it in the trash you know just
throw it on the ground like how you want
me to hold this because that's what you
do on a camping trip you know when
you're out here in the boonies there's
not a lot of something called light
pollution so you have the opportunity to
takes fantastic photos that showcase the
stars and you get to kiss the cosmos do
you work do you work for Canon cuz it
sound like it no it's a Sony I feel like
it's gonna be like kiss the cosmos okay
you guys can't see which I'm not sure
this is gonna spook you out or make you
excited oh you guys suck it's a real
cute real funny have fun don't worry you
know what's really awesome is that we do
have the cars so have fun Ali had to poo
but you gotta keep your lamp forward I
can't see so Danny I guess Danny and I
went on a little adventure to scare off
all these um Oh
all these raccoons and we realized why
everyone really likes that number 15 one
because this is where we're at right
here right and then we found out like
that whole area it's ours as well so
we're like like up in a little tiny
corner right now off the entire child
looks like a football field
I'll show you guys tomorrow morning
you are witnessing Danny grilling a
lunchable pizza over a fire right now
cutting it a night all right calling it
a night
sorry we actually we're up there playing
for hours and hours chasing raccoons
away the entire time Ally was out the
funniest part it wasn't filmed Howell
you went to go chase one it kind of like
they look like Marley so what to go
chase one is just goes like this and
just stares - more like tours Ali and
Ali went running like crazy
one thing I'm boasting is these little
things remind me of Marley like
especially when Marley wants food you
know why I stopped it just looks at you
like this and she just keeps doing
whatever the hell she wants to do I'm
gonna go get some sleep right now I hope
you enjoyed today's video tomorrow I'm
not sure I think we're gonna go try to
go to the springs and do something cool
like that but I hope you guys are
enjoying our I hope you guys are
enjoying another one of our little
spontaneous trips and don't forget to
subscribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
oh it's you you were doing it you're
shaking the tent I'll see you tomorrow
tonight
