but I wonder if I just flew it for one
second I mean like what's the worst that
can happen
so we come play with me wait what movie
is that where the Hat the tree comes
alive and tries to eat everyone what you
don't want anymore what the hell come on
the rain gods brought this for you as a
present you don't even want it that
glitter is never gonna go away
well another one just came out come on
say I got a sniff this this is important
I have to sniff this right now it sucks
that suppose windy day of the entire I
think in the past one year so when do
you stay because today I got a little
package let's do a little mini unboxing
of the Mavic Pro DG eyes killer drones
boxes oh my god it's so tiny it is so
small look at that there's my hand my
hand is bigger than the drone it just
goes like that right
that is awesome camera is huge - I'm
just so excited this is gonna be great
for tour put in my pocket a little
awkward but okay it's like really
awkward does that supposed to stay like
that is like plastic thing supposed to
be on that
my protecting it it pops off really
easily so I don't really comes with the
controller which almost looks like an
old-school game gear remember game years
this is gonna be awesome nice please
stop please stop playing please stop
just for a little bit
20 of those go away okay there's no
instructions are there no instructions I
don't like it though these is all other
instructions do a flip book that's nice
I'm great
still turn off his alternator but I
wonder if I just flew it for one second
I mean like what's the worst that can
happen
they go to those quadcopters and now
okay
dad's flu nope nope not gonna do it not
gonna do it not at all
nope thank God for montages great now
I'm going to show you why okay
so it's raining and it's windy not gonna
make this another mark on the Phantom
destruction montage this came right out
of nowhere so look at this this is
modest yeah yeah I'm not flying that
thing right now okay so I have to say
thank you to all of you guys who found
those clips I you guys are amazing
wizards I all I did was tweet that I
wanted to try to find all the drones
missing and within I'm not even kidding
within like five minutes you guys had
every one of them that you just saw so I
want to say thank you to every single
one of you guys and then we'll just go
over here
and we have glass yes you can tell which
way the wind is blowing
over the one storm where it came up over
and went into the interstate yeah I've
been sitting in the car waiting for all
these these are all the clips that you
guys just saw from the montage trying to
download those things from my phone
while this thing's processing one of the
best ones in the world doing vlogs for
eight eight years going on nine how many
years is it 2009 yeah eight years and
people always ask me little tips and
tricks okay number one if you're ever in
need of downloading something from the
internet or uploading something just
find a Starbucks just take five minutes
I know it might be inconvenient cuz
you're trying to tether on your phone
but it's taking like hours just look
online find a Starbucks I guarantee
you'll get your video up by the time it
would have taken like way okay for
example let me give an example before I
started getting all weird it was gonna
take like two and a half hours for me to
download all those clips okay so I just
had Ali pull over to her Starbucks she
was doing it kicking and screaming do
you know how much she hates Starbucks
now I downloaded all those things within
five minutes all those clips five
minutes or an Apple store if you can
find an Apple store that'd be rather
like tip or suggestion those are two
places that have kept these logs from
failing that's we were asking me so I
had to stop and grab some Starbucks and
I was just trying trials about my
experience in Starbucks for this lady
that is a barista and she was telling me
how you know they asked everyone how to
spell their names and usually they do or
they try and correct it because a lot of
people could offend it if you don't
spell their name right like it's a weird
thing you know she was talking with
myself and with what's wrong
calm down they won't stop playing with
the king's overhead found it I found hit
ah it's got a turn-off that's been
playing we the Kings to us Tom I'm
standing in line there's like a girl and
another person in front of them being
you know she was asking everyone how you
spell your name's Bob loves filling it
out so she was having this conversation
with us about how she had to she always
asked everyone how you spell your name
she's like even Jim's sometimes she's
like she's like there was a guy named
Jim I asked him how he spelled his name
and he spelled it with wine she's like
it really surprised the hell out of me
like that like Jim literally like JY m
that's and she's like she's like I guess
I can understand it you know because
maybe that's how some people do it so
but one time she had this girl and it
was like the busiest day of the year and
she was working at this mall called
international mall in Tampa and she had
this girl she's probably about 13 thank
you her name was Heather and she asked
her I know is it HEA th er even though
she knew it was AG attr and the girl
goes no it's not she goes well what is
it and the girl said there was a G
before the H and so she started laughing
so she started laughing because she
thought this girl is you know clearly
pulling her leg about saying that her
name misspelled ga ga ta gr for heaven
together so she laughed and the girl's
face she's just like stone-cold just
like
that's how you smell it what do you want
to name our kids what are we gonna name
up huckleberry
petunia I'm trying to think of a sugar
that's the course of the day right there
what should we name our kids we have a
surprise we don't we don't not yet but
if we have kids what should we name
that's the question of the day you
should show them what I got today
what okay so this is obviously not Ali's
brother Matt but this is his fiancee
this is their having a baby was
surprised but I wanted to ask you guys
for today's question of the day we do
have kids
male or female what should we name them
you're obviously not gonna name our kids
but I just want to know some cool name
baby you guys have some cool names that
we don't know maybe like gather you know
we could name our child after stranger
things you named her whatever 7-eleven
oh my god that's like a bad joke right
there mom joke my jokes aren't nearly as
funny as a joke mom jokes are just like
but what moms joke it's more like are
smart mannerisms dad words like moms are
funnier with their mannerisms yeah mom's
like over the over compensate for things
like alright mom but dad's just say I
think I offended somebody in the comment
section the other day with the mall clap
and because she was like what to turn
mommy she's like it's not like you lose
all hand and eye coordination okay and I
I feel like she's jumping
in
today is an awesome day not only did I
got my my Mavic Pro but Kelly this
awesome girl that comes with a lot of
weed the King shows and vidcon's sent me
a pair of spectacles and I've been
wanting to be so freaking much so Kelly
thank you so so much
I've always one of these I love these
things how do you open it I don't know
it's a trick earnest testicles wallet
and watch it they're like they record oh
they're technically creeper glasses
they're a creeper yes and they're
technically recording people without
even knowing I think it blinks you know
check out my snapchat make sure to
follow me on snapchat so now you can see
all these fun things let's see what you
would be like if you brush your teeth
but nope he wouldn't like it
pours milk over here cuz Melissa got the
most amazing gift in the mail
Lorna James thank you thank you so much
glass this makes my heart flutter box
thank you oh my gosh and oozes from this
is from Patrick Concannon oh thank you
so much Patrick you get up there can't
go up through the center where you going
am i using them right Finley he's like
play with me now like you got me up here
let me sing everybody 1 2 3 jump
look at all those stick just what it did
 it That's not me it's you being a
dummy
I try to give this to the balance
dude it earlier fall right off
he's gonna start weddings come outside
just so that he can hop on the
trampoline he's not gonna pee he's gonna
be like I'm just gonna be inside and hop
on the trampoline looks like you got
yourself in the situation come here it's
on the bottom of your shoe - honey I
know
so that's your poop so there's a Gouda I
forgot to show you guys this this is
what Kelly sent as a card guys recognize
anything
looks like somebody's stealing our thing
where are you going what's up you get
lost
he's the hostage you know watch
themselves honey so pretty over it over
it embarrassed so even though it's a
windy and very crazy evening we're gonna
go and see one of my favorite bands of
all times Circa Survive and it's their
tenure tour which is so funny to me
because I feel like everybody right now
obviously we've Kings May Day Parade
Circa Survive who else is doing their
10-year torch our well anyways I know
that there's a few other bands that are
doing their 10-year tour so we're gonna
go see them tonight I'm very excited
about that we're trying to get a few
other people to go but there's also
another concert that's going on a tampon
that's a real big fish so some people
are going to that some people are gonna
surf or survive but circus - five do you
know who else is doing their tenure for
well does ice episode we the kings made
a bird made a I already said that
there's another one I don't know there's
other people if you guys know who the
other people are they're doing their
tenure tour right now tell us in the
comment section below of the people that
I have not mentioned already obviously
this dude right here is doing his senior
tour
Oh June 2nd we're coming to Hawaii I
couldn't tell you guys but it was just
announced today yeah and the only reason
why I knew was announced today was
because of Ashley who was the CTFxC R so
Thank You Ashley for letting me know so
I can tell you guys start we'll get in
trouble
Ashley Seattle Ashley Seattle you tell
her about the list of your favorite band
here one of Ali's favorite bands Circa
Survive is playing here at Janis
naturally we have to go naturally it's
like dragon alley to a strung-out show
I've seen as a giant red hat
yeah duck down
that smells a lot better everyone's
asleep
oh you ain't believin me her for mine
she's gonna come back I will see you
guys tomorrow as always hopefully
tomorrow will be so windy and we can
actually drive or fly the drone because
as you saw from montage I don't want to
do that again you don't need that
happening all right so I'll see you guys
mom good night right take it
