this is the worst thing ever I swear to
god I'll never eat poop again it's a
strange coincidence that I have browned
all over my face a wonderful way to
start our day is waking up to my dogs
diesel stepping in a pile of poop
dragging it through the house and into
our bed good morning internet until you
lost them for their irony it's obviously
sunday and today i just got the sudden
urge to just purge here to clean out all
this stuff in the closet I want to call
it spring cleaning but it is it spring
or is it still winter so it's a winter
cleaning I'm just going to take all
these lights actually this is kind of
funny i want to show you guys this out
of the galleries ever seen it this is my
first youtube camera professional
critical you do camera it's going to be
huge and it used to use to sync all DV
tapes which were ridiculous they use
firewire firewater 419 800 Wow I got a
big-ass rode mic if you ever need that
that was my first youtube camera this is
a huge almost equivalent of those ones
that my mom had as a kid is right we
shot a vlog one day on this thing the
only thing that would actually suck it
that's on DV tapes importing it's like
drag drop likely on SD card so literally
if I shot an hour's worth of vlog it
would take one hour to import I actually
don't think I could even import this
nothing has firewire 400 a more so i
have to buy a bunch of adapter we've had
these things in our closet for a while
so basically the classic craze is to get
our gear go to you stab that kind of
sold out a long time ago and i know a
lot of people been asking for them and
actually movie these are the rainbow
that these two three are some of the
rainbow fees that's it good to know
leave your just one then we're you're
either extra we requested for friends
and family and just ever got around to
doing it if I spoken in back to DSD day
to put on the site if he doesn't want
that or if we should just like put them
on a site like for you guys now let me
know because we have so many of them and
then we need to get me for Christmas
presents like years ago I kept
forgetting there's more bags down there
it bags emerge like we get to start
another whole merch company over here I
won't care
now is easily do it got a little doodle
well amazed longer this reminds me of
the days where I had to do my own merch
catalogs you guys remember I've been
watching videos that long before dftba
we used to ship out all our emerge every
like week or so i would have to carry
like an entire colorful of a girl like
manner and loafers pollito urethane
dollars and I remember every single time
I would do it are you guys probably love
our tier like the p.o box or the mail
people would always hate me they would
literally give me special treatment
though I would literally is probably on
her to fly now out i would literally
just feel to walk into the back of the
post office and just bring my stuff in
person they would let me do it
personally just because they wanted me
to be a privilege or they just didn't
want to do it let's pry the ladder and
i've been watching this documentary
called minimalist and it kind of just
got us really motivated to kind of
minimalize our life it's been out great
the ring awesome perfect perfect timing
to do the drill you know just minimizing
your life you don't need excess stuff
stuff in the house if you like just
clutter and it just make you feel
cluttered we got the storage unit with
the intent of using it so we have this
giant storage unit we have been really
using with very much i am clearing the
house right now then again we're just
going into storage units an√°lisis out
of house I'd rather be somewhere else
and not to hear i think is it worst case
scenario we just abandon the storage
unit and it could be on storage wars
rivers this game can happen to the game
look it's my first guitar pick will be
the king this is like 60 years old now I
gotta keep that go to get rid of stuff
I'm starting to realize how's it go
through this stuff but if some random
person came over and look through things
they would take out those crazy person
like a given no contact sir I knew that
was a bad idea that's not your Yoshi
that or your headcrab that's my head
craft what is this does anyone remember
what this is from obviously it's spelled
weird and I guess it's what I'm a
spaceman I don't remember that you're
not eating Yoshi I'll put them up here
with everyone else there we go Yosh this
is what my favorite my favorite toys
stuffed animal toy sir you are not
getting my head crab anyone know what
game this is from if you eat my head
crab I'm going to destroy your face that
fit anymore Ali or for some funny mother
looks like a lot of that camera I had to
use tapes and then I has a real-time
import everything because it was an
all-digital for example that drove Oh
contains three thousand plus daily blogs
x prize i like 40 clips per day all HD
this is just a box full of maybe a
couple videos because of the DV tape
can't read happy things this is my first
trip to New York City hey this is
untitled what on all the time is right
that's trucking the claw machine and the
Bubblegum show but I don't they make a
hit by a car what so this is just
basically some videos right and look at
the comparison that's kind of like how
much you can make hold there's probably
maybe like 30 5 15 yeah that's bull each
one has quite 43 videos on it was my
first trip to New York I wish it
recording cool penny the bunny I have no
idea what that is loading cake
toothbrush gadgets fun with vacuums
tribute all indiana jones sex barbie sex
toys i remember those
I have about four different bags for
myself we're donating lots of like
sheets and pillows plug cases comforters
blankets anything you could think of
right in there got some other stuff to
donate our prom we got some lights
basically we're trying to braid of
things that we're not using and not
being too wasteful because there are so
many people out there who probably need
these things that's why we in fact are
donating these giving back that's what
it's all about it's good that we're
donating all this stuff you know and not
throwing it away because it's all really
good stuff it's just I think it's so
important if we're getting obsessed with
a minimalist idea yeah this is
ridiculous what I have to do is what
youtubers had to do before the
convenience of SD cards what the hell is
this a DVR this is a vixion day I get
evicted at one point 2006 do you know
what that is what the hell it is an ipod
one just dating this boxes and more sex
now the Fred water roflcopter video 2009
videos are long time you got in trouble
with your dog's hair being everywhere
okay go for the door sighs see shutter
AK a giant sticker so instead of getting
it off our clothes will just get out the
dock go for the store you should the
most you know what it looks like it's
like when you wax his chest looks like
when you wax on his chest we could just
brush them I love the fact that miley's
is so well-trained but she just lets you
do whatever you do so you saw this stuff
I'm a peacock gotta let me fly man that
Louie and 100 cool points deal no you
guys go yeah hbu peacock if you
want to get gage a bird food on okay cue
the peacock okay so to keep an eye out
for tornados we just got a notification
that there are a bunch of tornadoes and
remember how Ali was saying that she
wanted me a storm chaser like Helen Hunt
and I guess I'm Bill Paxton right now
Ali gets to be Helen Hunt right out it's
a little crazy to think about those are
the potential of a tornado I mean the
winds have been crazy today though and
knocked the base down backyard is it
really not that pretty much like a flat
rate boxes so get rid of you know what
good
donated all that stuff actually there's
like four bushels of stuff right there
that's donated feels good you know it
really doesn't not only to the field
that's kind of like declutter but it
feels really good to be able to give
back and definitely give those people
that will use them because nothing is
with all or nothing is not worth it and
that what's the saying like one man's
trash is another man's treasure great
but it's not even our trash it's just
things that are good we just don't use
it so why would we keep it if we're not
going to use them we don't need 400 lat
I've liked it and I feel I didn't we
yeah we something's a brewin that's
resource and look at the sky so crazy
right now Danny's doing the minimalist
thing and now we're doing the minerals
well I was talking to him about a yeah
Smith I'd watch that documentary
documentary and it's see what was
happening was there was a guiding of his
job and you know it's just kind of a
dead-end job for me it worked all the
time earn money to pay for things that
he was realizing that he actually didn't
really need anymore and it was really a
nappy he had a friend that works with
him that ended up going off and doing
them are you still work at the same
place that we've got and he saw him was
a music a totally transformed sky and he
said why are you so happy and he and you
couldn't figure out you really said that
are you happy why are you happy and only
one happy and he told him about this
whole like minimalistic lifestyle sure
that we're going to be minimal like
we're not I'm going to do with it yeah
we're dwindling a lot of things in our
life a lot of clutter but this guy was
still happy because he changed his whole
life and uses so much happier and now
they travel all over they were actually
at South by Southwest like a couple
years ago and they teach people about
this minimalistic at lifestyle so yeah
that's my rant you should go on to it is
Danny and I were talking about it and
that's when we started deciding that
we're going to really I like the idea of
doing it but gadget suppose is not going
to have reeking of which my new
yep drone comes in it's got insurance on
it so double insurance i think his state
farm insurance and it's going to have DJ
I insurance wide and state front of them
show Craig Tyrone they know my history
end zone after all these years we
decided that it was time to get one of
those rubber mats for the the car
because the cloth one for some reason
we're not marked which we are sort of
care from Marley because she likes to go
down there everyone knows that we were
trying to figure out the best way to get
all the hair off you know how there's
like a million and one different like
like tools that you can buy they're
really expensive Ali just took a foot
and determine scrubbing over their foot
just in case you guys ever wondered just
take a good sneakers the robbers like I
used a rubber squeegee with Laura like
soon there you go and I don't know I
never thought like oh it's rubber Ali
get the more you know with Ali oh my god
that's actually like really kind of
sounds like something yea though I only
drink alcohol up into my own beer what
what it calls the trippy lager I had to
come up with a cool beer name okay that
is the question of the day what would I
call my own brewing company my own skype
of beer that's up to you guys these will
just waiting for some food I'll eyes up
there riding diesel and Marley and I'm
hanging out with slowpoke basically I
gotta run at a Zoe pace which is the
turtle perhaps kind of hurt her so I
have a leaf take marley and run and we
just kind of take your time back here
right though should i never want her
like legs hurt or anything like that the
worst part is if I let her she would run
then later tonight gb is kind of a
contained or like stiff if n extension
expense like her legs we little sis so I
always try to combat that and make sure
that doesn't happen like I always try to
be really proactive here they come
tag she was tagged her in the nose and
runs back out Allie's got the rabbit up
there and I got the two turtles over
here bunch of turtles storm is finally
here and it is a cubrir I need to like
come up with better words describing
things diesel you're not going to want
to go out there it's raining I mean you
can but it is raining I can't really see
the winds and everything but it's nuts
out here and it's cold wow it got really
cold a car uni come out of here and flop
hold it is I'm glad that we did
everything that we did today because we
donated a ton of stuff which is
wonderful we feel really good and I love
that it's going to go columbia music I
know it's not really corny but it's very
very true I'm going to do some cool
stuff with these two I might do some
murals and paints those something crazy
oh my god it's only have a gotta push em
we ended up getting this like your dog
toothpaste and this is how we're going
to do you probably would be but
aftereing the finger one honey listen
carefully the whole do now so it'll be
rough that's okay oh she's like plenty
janila it's where i got on every poop
again this is the one that needs the
most when is this is always oldest
children when we first brush our teeth
it's okay like same p Please Please Me
can somebody help me out of the sword
res event like I hate you dad this was
what the deal is I'm us what's this is
where she like decided that you wanted
to open up via okay and saying you love
I got you know lately become hard I'm so
sorry sweetheart give me my damn cookie
right now I'm sorry I'm laughing but it
is a little humor a bigger brush I think
I'm gonna bite your finger off you big
jerk I thought they hate a bath but this
might be even worse for them
open up this is good let's eat there
we're still see your next dude you I
know that's why small a crevice i would
go is out is this man's mouth yeah god
damn it good well you're so did you
bring she's good honey until if you want
to eat my finger but I house you want
they hear me it says this invigorating
jury it says okay you're done you're
looking all better hey go get okay don't
get breasts again sure you better ride
you better ride girl you better run okay
I mean don't do anymore he's not a fan
already you said the wimp Molly go just
throw it at your best thing I'm trying
to help you so I was doing another you
now string and I was playing the game
the record I think we've ever had on you
now was like 25 thousand likes in one
stream we beat it we surpassed it and
then the stream cut out so I promised
them they would be in the vlog if we
actually did it guys ready to say hi
yeah so they just wanted to say hi you'd
still not mad at me you had lots of
cookies I swear I was in the author's
cleaning up I heard Ali giggling so hard
during that last clip with the dogs
trying to get the brush-off all cleaned
i should say Ali was laughing so
freaking hard I didn't know what was
going on tried to peek around the corner
she's like tearing up at Ellis Park I
hope you guys enjoyed that little ass
part2 and put a little smile on her face
question of the day was earlier what
kind of beer name would I have my ram
brewery what would he call trippy beer
out of tat stupid i don't like that in
the comments let me know and we will see
you guys tomorrow Zoe subscribe to guys
are brand new and please don't forget to
click that like button every night
you
