can you tell Marley is the leader of the
pack as it feels like I try to do every
single time trying to juice trying to do
smoothies and run or walk every single
morning so far I've been on top of the
walking the juicing and the smoothies
I've been hit or miss on it's just
because sometimes cleaning those things
are just such a pain in the ass
so I end up just like eating fruit
instead which is pretty much the same
thing all in all staying pretty damn
healthy partying it out there a little
love bug it's arrived if he stands this
little guy held on for ten miles I can't
believe he actually lasted that long
ladybug is so cool see if he's still
there I want to come back out can I give
you a tattoo I can give you Hannah a
tattoo yeah seriously come on
he said yeah okay she said okay he said
okay just definitely not one in there
isn't that heavy string it across oh
yeah
yeah that'd be good for stringing but
this would be kind of I don't know that
we need to put stuff on the wood which
is pretty big we're trying to complete
our project we started yesterday which
is already starting to look I'll have to
show you guys in the daytime you know we
could do we can make it super like nerdy
and we could do like a less than symbol
and we could do the number three it's
sort of an actual heart example we could
just use a v10 it's sideways
that's very internet savvy kind of looks
like a weird heart but kind of heart I
need to find a smaller three
I was like a G so now we gonna get an
ampersand do they have it ever since the
really does well I kind of want to do
funky different I'll show you what I'm
you show me what you're trying to do
that show me what you're doing there's
no name but I can only totally did this
nothing ever seen is this for not this
heavy this is way too heavy we're afraid
of not pulling everything over I need a
haircut my hair is just real a long way
hair is my hair hasn't been this long in
years I mean obviously we'd have to
paint the thing you do like different
different styles
this is sharp we can make t-shirts how
many t-shirts I can give over my suit I
could just wear a homemade t-shirt yeah
they're so cool so we should get some
double-sided sticky tape because it's so
cool we got this chocolate bar and
didn't say hat pop rocks on it the worst
part is where we didn't know it was in
there so we're like what's that sound
sorry I shot with my teeth it looks
bright black the 18th was my mom's
birthday but she was really really sick
she came over the other day I had
ordered a cake for her but I was waiting
till she was feeling better because
that's like my mom's to anything in the
world is a public's cake and so I've got
because it's it's a big cake it's not a
cupcake and I usually get her a cupcake
but this time I got her cake because she
was really feeling sick so there it is
happy birthday mom I love you I was
gonna write it like a really drugs for
anything but I thought they would get
upset public so pretty do the cute thing
come on let me see come here
no not the cake not cake oh thank you so
we're gonna have to eat some of this
right now
it looks too good not to eat next show
me your trick here we go okay if you
don't normally spell over in this okay
can we sit down
hey Museum oh good boy that's scary
scene this Malcolm right at the camera
and lowly you're just a good girl
all right - does
so I think it very far because when they
don't have enough white paint we really
thought that we had enough white paint
to do this but we were wrong I only got
a little bit into it I still have to
like do the sides on the other sides of
my name I was gonna do and char that's
important and then our little arrow
which turned out pretty darn cool or
trying to have that rustic feel and it
looks more red than I what it really is
it's more of a cranberry wine color and
I think things are coming along really
really well and thank you Jarrah for
finishing up the other legs tonight so
you did all four legs that's crazy
everybody called shark you need those
for your everyday needs we're gonna go
and see charts dad played I forgot to
show you guys this look at that
representing tribe Tyler and Haley home
dog we gotta get ready let's go we
should go back it's on is where I
started bleeding yeah but you're
bleeding on your neck too that's
modeling she's this big yeah you got a
little cut like bleeding though here see
it's like a eek you're really like
destroying your body for this wedding
we're right there that was this reason I
stabbed it with a screwdriver you're
harming yourself for this wedding yeah I
guess it's got to do what I got to do
Ali and I are meeting up with Melissa
and Sam to go see my dad I think he's
playing right now with a really big like
zydeco blues New Orleans
I think it's called zydeco band that's
actually on tour hilariously enough I
saw the tour bus and it looks like our
red tour bus that we had a few tours ago
actually in the world of touring it
actually very well could be funny story
I don't know if you guys remember a
couple tours ago we had the same bus and
then all of a sudden another band pulled
up and it was
it you guys were on that band lit we had
the exact same tour bus so we hit around
the corner so our drum tech Brian could
make the difference and he end up
walking rate on their tour bus so it's
the same exact bus same black trailer
and what we're doing is we're parking
behind here and no one's gonna know that
we move the bus and they're all gonna go
on that bus now we can just like sit out
there the whole time so we're big
Slayers like yeah so let's on the bus
that's a fun night we're so good it was
a day off in Philly - we all had some
crab fries she doesn't look like our
gloss and it's a pre/post so it actually
could be
one more month and that's our home for a
while
my dad is still rocking these things
yeah you should be they're used to
safety tip axiom I got those miles on
maybe a mile of the constant signs
there's another one too
that was a good one that was a really
good one that was a good one
the flat dr. pepper
what do I do it
allergic
yeah both we typically drink he's lucid
dream dr. pepper
recycle I reloaded I really love it did
you weigh anything Adventures perfect
nope can't take okay I'm sorry I can't
take her anywhere
she's embarrassing she bands me all the
time he's so embarrassing going the car
go back in the car
this is where you're failing that needs
to be half the distance no no that's
your failing again hold on to it hold on
to the would have the would the paper
hold on to the paper okay that's what
you need no that's it's a cashew it's
not the whole I just don't let her do it
take that off and put that one on you
got this
chart you look really emo right now with
your like side soup and then again
someone like one little one right where
you going no no then you're doing it
it's gotta stay dry so sorry
so this hush puppy has been soaking in
Tabasco sauce for a couple minutes now
and Ally said she did it
Melissa said she
it's a - think when we did FLT go ahead
don't you wish your sorry you
so I wanted to show you guys this
obviously the tour is coming up in a
month like I was talking about and every
tour I always try to get like a new pic
design and since this tour is going to
be the 10 year anniversary for we the
Kings I wanted to come up with two
different pic designs and Frankie
actually drew one of them and I want to
show you guys right now so that way when
you come to the shows you have to catch
both ones like a special limited I want
to say a limited edition because it's
only gonna be on this tour and then the
other is just because I wanted to make
something goofy this time so let me know
what you guys think I'm gonna show you
right now so that's obviously the more
you know serious 10 year anniversary
tour pic and then down here is one
Frankie Frankie and I came up with
Frankie actually drew this on one of
those iMessages and I screen shot at it
and made into a pic so those are gonna
be the two pics on this tour so you guys
have to come and catch those actually
four days question of the day for the
next tour after this tour I want you
guys to tell me what I should do for
that pick it should I have something
specific like I don't know like this
one's gonna be a pizza if you have any
ideas please let me know in the comments
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night bye guys
