my god think we found some bad
good afternoon Internet today we are
gonna go to the pallet place pallet
pallette actually I've been a really
really good name for this particular
business we tested out the stains to see
which one we like the best I was in the
middle of putting dishes away but I want
to show you this let me show you how the
colors turned out I feel like I was
right on the dollar when it came to the
colors I didn't like the colors that
char didn't like because they really did
come off almost like a paint which is
not what we're looking for this was that
middle one and it's really really dark I
feel like you can't even tell but it's
got it's like a really chocolaty brownie
then this one almost comes off it's like
a black color
it's definitely souped in a little bit
more but I think that's too dark for
what we're looking for and then this was
that red oak or red mahogany I can't
really remember what the name of the
color was but I'm liking that this is
just the priest thing which is kind of
cool it didn't do too much to it it just
kind of put like a little bit of color
on it so we're gonna probably try and do
either something like this or just go
like a tiny tiny bit darker I'm not sure
yet we wanted to have like a really
rustic like old feel to it so we got to
do a little research because we can't
buy these pallets and then just keep
wasting them however my mom gave us a
great idea I'm doing like an outdoor
shower which is something that I've
always wanted to do just because after
we're working in the yard or we're
playing out some of the dogs kind of
sucks tracking all of like dirt and crap
into the house and I was thinking about
doing this kind of really cool outdoor
shower maybe I'll show you a picture
right up here I don't know if it's gonna
even look like this but this is my idea
and having that like on the side of the
house over there because we don't really
use over there often we're just having
it right where the hoses and
you nut up well it happened I don't know
I'd say a lot of things and they don't
usually happen but I'm gonna really try
this here to do what I say
t yeah your pizza watch your pizza good
catch
good catch get your pizza oh that was
your fault
I didn't do it hey go get pizza go get
it would you like a rest berry D you
want a raspberry am I kidding you're not
gonna eat it
sorry raspberry no no one like
raspberries raspberry no cuz I just call
me gran I almost ate that - you ate one
two three
they'll dug in it if this was a
strawberry why are they gonna be killing
us for it yeah I got an idea let's
figure out this is a tree right now okay
I'm gonna swap it out with a raspberry
watch all quick she shoes this out of
her mouth one two three this is a dick
eat it nobody wants it it's like a PEZ
dispenser one two three so gross hey
Google turn lights on okay look at this
oh we're just gonna bypass the fact that
I have houses that listen to me all
right you see that awesome little
splinter it's killing me
carrying operate it now now am I kidding
that really hurts right on there now I
feel like a wimp I see it there it is
oh my god you got it see the worst part
is it's a very sensitive part of my hand
the other one let's try the other one
the other ones not gonna hurt as much
it's the other one feels a little tough
- you were the entrances no see that one
doesn't hurt the bottom part of your
hands there's the bottom right of your
hand there's so much callus see how I
didn't even hurt
do you think it's from the pallets I
think it might be from the pallets
what's wrong with you drunk a lot so
instead of one big they clap on the end
so one and two and one and yeah there's
a mom clap mom claps always like don't
clap on be one and two and three and one
and two and three because you'd normally
want to cut up on the one three one two
three four wait
clap okay idiot try it on the one I
think I'm at the ends okay so hand me
with you boo dance minor thing though
you can't find it there feasible bulls
so we don't have to stuff all those
stupid crates back in the car we got the
idea and we don't on the truck so we're
just gonna go rent one right now and
then go to this place that we found that
has all the types of Palawan I love that
awesome truck and an awesome punch buggy
actually I just laid down the best dad
joke ever
Hallie's door was like open and they
said doors ajar is like doors ajar like
that's weird
I thought it was a door why is it ajar
I'm by behold in this position I'm
holding it it's a very weird phone
holder though it's got the club supposed
to hit people with it what I sorry the
coffee I want to show you guys the
fundamental difference between a li not
difference but just a cork that we both
when I go to pack this is the home
screen look at all those notifications
little red dots over the icons freakin
drives me nuts
what mine looks like a little bit better
it's still it's still tweaking me out
now that I'm pointing it out because now
you see all these bigger ones these you
can't get away from those are almost
impossible my god I think we found some
bad I honestly had no idea this type of
palette heaven existed like if you
really look at it don't they all like a
bunch of honey combs bees we're just
flying out of it we just found out we
got actually a good little lesson about
everything about how they don't throw
anything away they brought all those
pallets even the ones that look like
they're really really super old and
decrepit they can fix and then if they
don't fix they make it into like a mulch
and then if that doesn't work they do
something else with it I don't we got
this hole we got schooled on the world
of pallets apparently there is a world
of pallets not just pallets that sounds
stupid I said pallets way too many times
where's that counter say too many times
you know this reminds me of you run up
the show dinosaurs went early I think is
named Earl Sinclair what I have to go
get his paycheck and every time I guys
paycheck you the big trance their top
guy would always like try to eat them
that's what I always reminds me when I
see construction and stuff like that I'd
sing that song
okay guys our song wait for it wait for
it what is the word she's worth okay and
what was think
what is that word what is that word
that's what are those things like people
don't know
and
Babylon's kings and babylons maybe and
really everyone sings this song they
think they're gonna belong like they
kind of like offal around trust me I bet
you there's at least one of you watching
this video and you're like oh my god I'm
so good
come on
come on let's try it again
nothing cooking outside of Vegas
vagabonds I don't really know what does
anyone really know yeah what a stop sir
ah driving now because I could do
everything else and you think is Drive
I'd say I feel so much
relief and happiness right now sitting
in the seat I don't mind driving I never
had Jesus I she's like a mom teaching
their sixteen-year-old how to drive type
of ass I see driver it's like oh the
person is stopping the person stop I'm
so used to being the driver and not the
past Center and you're getting used to
the card charge so you drive great you
don't think that's what I'm saying like
that's like when your mom or dad tries
to teach you how to drive it's the same
thing because they're not used to you
driving you look you know you look like
Beeker from the Muppets with your mouth
like that do what he did can you redo it
most people in relationships their
spouse or partner compliments I look
like a muppet that's not an insult
it looks but if you don't like a muffin
turn into them so it's a compliment then
I may be here more often but almost like
a fish you saved yourself okay no I'm
good
you got pretty much everything I think I
think we're gonna be able to build this
whole thing for under $200 well when we
tried to be tried to build
remember how we brought you guys
remember the wheel suck it was for me
versa gaming and it took us forever to
try to like build it it came out awesome
but at the same time we decided it was
done the wrong way well as you can see
we pretty much the planks of wood two by
fours we're gonna go for by far for
before but it didn't didn't actually fit
through here so I think this is actually
gonna be the biggest project Ali and I
have ever done as far as building
something so if this comes out really
really well we're gonna be really happy
because this is for our wedding oh also
I don't know you film this inside Home
Depot we got a different one
we got classic gray these are the old
lamps I used to film with before I knew
anything about lighting in YouTube in
the YouTube world
I got basically one clamps cuz I watched
a really bad old tutorial on YouTube do
not recommend these they're so hot like
I could literally say wait this little
beetle kept flying over there I kept
moving them around now he's literally
toast
I know we can't go out of the grass
right now because these stupid system
I have built pull in ground the only
thing is because the bolts on the bottom
we're gonna have to get some things
maybe from like you know putting
underneath like chairs other than that I
built a stand this looks awesome this
came out but it has any other colors
it might lean up against the wall a
little bit and I know you guys are
probably thinking why didn't they just
get a fence we're thinking the same
thing we were thinking that same thing
but if we did that it wouldn't be a
project it was just easy
we've just been buying something so
that's one side
we did go ahead open you welcome to our
well here's where you'll take care or go
behind in dress I'll walk out and come
out this way watch out oh oh actually
really exhausting after viewing that we
did yeah we did a good job though
I think we did a good job what do you
guys think do you like that
do you like the gray a little bit more
than the darker Reds and the Browns we
saw the grey and I was like you know
thinking I was thinking about everything
because we're we're getting married
everything was kind of really dark you
know lights will make things dark and
everyone's wearing dark stuff you know
suits black suits but all that stuff is
always used like weddings like
everyone's sleep the other thing is that
we're gonna add to it we're gonna add
like our name and like just random
things on there and we could look really
really awesome and make it like with a
chair we're gonna make it look really
super cool and then afterwards we might
actually sell it back to like the
wedding venue or something for like
props for another wedding who knows
maybe this is his little side business a
little side hustle hey Google turn
lights white
that's Siri stop Google stuffings or
smart ass cuz I know you can turn away
making some kissa Dilla's you should
make a face
see even got a pupil I know it's weird
have green olives and phenols are
awesome
no no your best of my face
no I can't make a face with a bunch of
eyes look at sea there's eyebrows two
eyes he's gone
