I just had a rush of feelings right now
it's time or for now good afternoon
Internet what we're gonna do right now
is we're gonna go and see if that funky
tie that we found yesterday oh crap and
there's a little bunch of 19 or 20 this
but we're gonna see if it actually works
with charts suit for the guys we need a
new baby gate this bad boy I don't know
what happened that it's not gonna
survive much much longer but that's the
toilet we were talking about from
yesterday really boring there's a lot of
little details in a wedding without it
this is it our cedar closet it smells so
good no no it's not supposed to be the
same color it's supposed to like accent
it isn't it yeah but it might come off
too pink because it's got the purple in
it I think the purple is kind of
throwing it off a little bit making it
look pink maybe don't we want to do
something unique though you know I do
want to do something unique gonna take a
picture of this but this color is so
hard to match hello twerps oh yes I do
okay Internet oh no we're having a
debacle here aka a planked because
char-char always films me in very
awkward situations in my life was my
butt hanging out the other day um yeah I
was at home and I wasn't thinking that
my mic and say was filming me as I'm
like fixing the couch with my my butt
came out a little bit okay I asked him I
asked him if it was comfortable for him
to be wearing his belt underneath his
butt cheek because he wears his pants
you know like for guys wear their pants
just a little bit above their butter
like like
in the center part of there but it just
Falls was like caressing the butt cheeks
like in a certain area like it's kind of
like that gonna film it just to get your
opinion and you awkward moments internet
here's your challenge find all those
awkward moments in Charles's films and
please please tweet them to us I don't
know just it sound an appropriate up
style I felt like it really got the
point across it's hypocrisy Cerebus tell
fire it's an aluminium hypocrisy in a
garage we're the wedding like right
around the corner most of you probably
know that there's like usually like a
photo booth or people are doing
something that kind of makes their
wedding a little bit more unique I love
that whole photo booth idea but getting
an actual photo booth was not something
that was like really a plan for us we
kind of wanted to do something like a
photo op area that's a little bit
different a little bit more affordable
to why can I not get into my computer
Pinterest is my best friend and Charles
and I are gonna try and build kind of
like a backdrop area for where guests
can go and take photos in front of we're
gonna I'm gonna show them a few of my
ideas are ones that I actually really
liked and maybe we'll build one today
that could be really fun if you guys are
planning a wedding or you're trying to
figure out what you're gonna do for your
wedding Pinterest is the best thing in
the world I am not even kidding you is
the best thing in the world
you're on a budget you can really find a
lot of things on Pinterest involving you
know we're relating to your budget you
have a certain idea there's so many ways
so you can find it on there that are
more budget-friendly that's the whole
thing I want to try and do something
that's very unique to us that's the
biggest thing for me and I think that
creating this is gonna be one thing that
will be very unique to us ideas include
something kind of like
if I can find it real quick I was
looking at a few of these things that I
thought were kind of fun that you could
do by yourself for instance there's that
I thought that one was kind of fun where
it's just like something really simple
you know there's even this one I even
think this one's kind of cool right here
but I really liked this one and I was
trying to explain to char that we could
possibly do something like that and make
it very much about like us and like our
travels together and things of that sort
and like these are just like the wooden
letters you probably do this with either
like a piece of fence like you go to
Home Depot and get like a piece of fence
and then nailed two pieces of fence
together or we could do it with crates
like like the moving crates something of
that sort it's something we could look
into see if it's something that we could
possibly do those are some my ideas but
if you guys can think of any other
really cool like photo booth ideas that
you think maybe we should look into we
are totally all about hearing your ideas
it's going to be the first another first
for me I'm going to get a coffee it will
be decaf but it will be my first coffee
in four years
oh but what I do I was gonna sing
jackass Juliet do you want to know if
one tack the name after broken image in
DeSoto for we're the kings was going to
be
that was going to be called check yes
Juliet so just imagine we the Kings
being called check yes Juliet and then
imagine not having the song check yes
Juliet or maybe maybe we would have had
a song called check yes Juliet our stop
a mortal in culture kiss you that would
been weird I don't know little fun fact
this is exciting
straight stay straight and you go right
I wanted to go right I say straight go
right I want to go this way what I want
to go right and then around the place
okay so I wanted a good
I get a tall decaf iced coffee
yeah that's fine
I'm just a small one
oh is americano just espresso with
coffee okay so you don't have coffee
you know we could throw a hot don't over
height death that's fine actually yeah
that'll be fine really excited animals
and then Justin Timberlake so I'm doubly
excited guys he put that on there I
didn't
those are the way out I'm gonna sing for
you at the wedding
is this something a well call
I got to do this sperm whale you gotta
get on back right
right now it's my first thing in I don't
want to jump into the deep end or my
toes in the pool
thanks man oh thank you
fly away don't put it there all right
they don't remember I'm not having like
being so complicated just getting a nice
coffee it's decaf they'll bring decaf
iced coffee
I guess now there's like it's all just
coffee
oh my god
maybe turn on music thanks dancing how
was it he's just like I remember it so a
lot of firsts not only is the first of
having coffee it is decaf also first
again for spending in the and or an
ornament amount of money on a stupid
piece of toffee I think you know what we
should do we should invest in our own
coffeehouse good
I had to pour some out to put more ice
and they because it was just it was just
so warm I just had a rush of feelings
right now it's time or for now
I remember this tastes kind of like this
more than I like when I drank alcohol
again for the first time
so there we go spending $5 on a decaf
coffee you didn't spend $5.00 I'm
spilling a dollar 30 so what we're
thinking that maybe if you get something
like these pallets you know that they
move everything on there maybe we could
just like die or stain them and then we
can just do that instead what Jim I
think they're pretty expensive to get so
have a Callie ask somebody I feel like
they've been more inclined to give it to
her and less inclined to put them so
scary key right now is picking our mark
who do we think will actually give it to
us just right now they're in the
bathroom that's getting trashed so one
man's trash and another one's too tragic
right that's the thing anyone down there
all I want is a dog well that didn't
work so we just went into a store to see
if we could purchase their pallets and
uh good thing is that they reuse them
they send them back and then they reuse
them bad dang they wouldn't sell them I
bet you like a scrap yard that would be
a place that we can get them man I'll be
honest I drank just that much of this
thing and I already kind of feel it
this is like finding a needle in the
haystack great they're really a lot
harder than I anticipated did you think
every single place has them but
apparently we're finding out that these
companies lease them which is
interesting because apparently out there
is a company that specializes just in
pallets
not some caller knows a collie company
well they gave us one so that's a plus
one is better than zero well how many do
we need four but something like four so
we may need more but I think four will
suffice right now until we start
building it after an entire day of
searches for these stupid little things
just googled it and we found it an
awesome place called the place the guy
was like yeah we got it whatever you
want you want tall ones you want square
ones you want circle ones so there's
seven bucks so we found a place Ellie's
getting some staying right now so that
way we can at least test these guys out
since they're pretty much Junkers and
see if the ideas don't work by the way I
drank this much of the coffee and I felt
it as if I took a shot of espresso so I
don't I don't know if I can do this
maybe no time we got to keep moving we
got to keep going
courage up in your balls no I want you
to squeal like a pig we're not gonna
have kids if you trap me in the balls
yes we are yes actually true before
before chemotherapy I froze a little
Charles I'm not offended I'm not
offended I think it's funny sir
first rule driving Aussie vote
a lot of you guys asked about the whole
situation but I have I have little
Charles's frozen critically frozen just
in just in case something happens it had
something that's making in fact that
it's not that all that work and Brian
I'm going to use these let's do the
colors
hickory dickory dock distantly has a red
head to it red oak that want to use on
the chair made for my mom that was good
all right we want dark color right these
are all dark because I'm a genius
and these are probably not the ones
we're gonna use we're gonna do half we
can do this is a three of them be
inserted be this really small so we'll
do in thirds
I use my friend I went to college
give zero
so what we're trying to do is we did
three different stains technically four
right yeah so there's a like oak there's
a walnut there's a mahogany and then
there's a pre stain which we did it the
entire thing on this one so tomorrow
just to do it right we're gonna do this
whole thing on the pre-stained see if it
does anything different the reason why
we're doing this now is so that way
tomorrow we kind of have an idea a
little bit more so we don't waste any
pallets that we have so we use these as
test subjects this will completely
change as it absorbs into the wood right
now what do you think's will be the best
the left the center or the right up or
the bottom right if this looks like it's
gonna be as of now I'm thinking the
priest damn but if this soaks in this
might look a little bit better or a
little bit later yeah this is something
we painted it looks like we smeared poo
like chocolate poo
what do you want
ha-hey say goodnight thank you
tell them to cook like oh that's a
little are you drop your drop
are you drunk there right you okay oh
okay all right I'll give it to you screw
it I'll just say don't forget to click
like guys and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a wonderful day
also question of the day really quick
what is your favorite all-time drink now
that I can drink coffee I actually don't
think I'm gonna drink anymore I had look
it I had this much coffee right here
that's all I had and I was tweet I was
so tweet all that great I don't really
have one right now I think I don't know
why would probably be root beer it's
hard to go back to Ruger
