wait d does not like eating food you
don't you open up he spurted out like a
paper answer every time you take a
peasant a very famous serial type we
should make Pez dispensers into shape of
the feeder come on be happy what Mike
fibrous material in our tournament max's
food careful my lil clean up I chimeric
I'll show you what I did fours and I
began slut and still missing my 360 so I
got quite figure out where that is it's
like night and day in here literally it
was night yesterday and I was day oh my
god real good wow good though doesn't it
great mother is very attentive huh
scratch it smells good there is a sketch
of a bitch so I know I told you guys
that's the other day that I was gonna
meet up with my friend Lydia oh well
look who's here so I know some of you
guys know her because you were minecraft
chick yes I on using pink hair enterin
the now yes she's a little bit different
a little bit different but Lydia and I
went to high school together and a few
years back we realized that our paths
crossed in a different way which was
YouTube no so but a bing bada boom I
would not have to play basketball we
like basketball together I quit I know
we did we actually found out like yeah I
was like we were doing we liked you too
then it was we're done yeah we're done
but coach Thompson we still love you we
pray where any of our time oh yes I
wanted you guys to see that hey Lydia is
really my friends she's really my friend
some of you I didn't think he believed
me so he was really my friend we're
really burns when you guys to go you
know you should go and check out her
channel because we're gonna get her to a
hundred thousand dollars even though
she's not playing right now but still
you should go check out her old video
I'm around you should have done oh yeah
maybe now no
I think she might go back dress because
you guys are going to go and start
following her awesome to see well yes to
my heart is truly so filled with
happiness right now I absolutely love
Lydia absolutely love Lydia and I'm so
happy that we have to meet up the sign
because she now lives in Sweden is just
constantly busy obviously being a suite
of my own get sphere that often and
she's been in town before it's only been
for a short amount of time so I haven't
had the opportunity to actually cross
paths with her she isn't telling us much
anymore but she has a lot of affiliation
with Minecraft finding all things
minecraft I don't really know much about
Minecraft which is not very good and
maybe I need to update myself and I do
remember about 12 days we just around a
lot if I love that quote we gift around
a lot would you do in this quest to find
a lizard did you break something it's
funny because it was alizarin der there
and I got rid of him hey I'm grant puts
it that's it and you can tell my plant
wasn't willing to do the plants are
finally keeping a life I've noticed that
when he does this there actually is a
lizard in the area so what I do is I
bring them inside and for example this
thing he's looking at right now where's
my finger that thing right there I
thought he was crazy but I pulled out
the plant and I looked in there and
there was two lizards stock and three
frogs so usually when he does this and
the reason why he broke that thing was
because there was a lizard blast you
checked under and I had to lift it up
and let him go run away no I know you're
not understanding like he was right
there was a lizard there we just didn't
know it he's so dumb diesel
oh those who has no idea and over
listening to you is called criss cross
and told jump I just watched show you to
cover those these were the guys back in
the early nineties their two kids and
they wore everything backwards like the
pants are closed it was ridiculous but
you got me that dress my friend not
going to eat one of those bite one of
those bites okay yeah who's Gloria
Robert that's our old so i guess i'm
assuming fall to public year or next
door because you can get away Mobb
expand forever don't you like that when
you get mail and it goes like matter yes
current residence like it's basically
like to John Smith or whoever lived here
like so it's obviously a very important
letter I hate I hate jumping like then
however this is my column see your eyes
rolled back in your head on that one
good I'm really so today cuz i get to
set up my new drove oh I talk to you
guys about these before but they have
sent me a brand new one amateur I know
it really is just because my brain sucks
this is the only way to remember
anything I showed you a long time ago I
had this thing called a drobo if they
rate a mini raid system so there's
multiple hard drives in this thing this
is the 5d which is pretty amazing it has
right now I think each one of these are
six terabytes so there's six times five
so that's 30 terabyte of a hard drive an
external hard drive it's 30 tales like
and it's not just that it's our external
hard drives that has a redundancy system
so basically if one of these hard drives
sales it gives you a little bit light
you basically pop it out I'm going to do
it now because it's running you can pop
it out because all the data it's been
spread amongst the other drives so drobo
actually knows they use these things
we've been talking for a long time and
they know I'm running out
face so you can see right here believe
it or not i'm running out of 30
terabytes of space because i have every
single vlog every single clip for the
past eight years over here these are all
original files from 2009 to 2017 let's
just go to September and this is go to a
random day and then if I click on one of
them hit space this is a random day or I
can go back and if I just want to see
like the export version let's say I go
to April 27 2012 i can click that and
this is the vlog that you guys see on
youtube so i have the original copy the
original actors scooter there's always
this was France on that one tour let's
just keep going on a little time machine
since I can august two thousand nine
august eleventh let's click this
highlighted video what hell is this this
looks like actually we're in prank house
yeah Frank out I like this this is kind
of fun let's go down that day who else
we find what is going on that Ryan oh
wow if some of these things are quite
embarrassing but it's nice to have one
more go get March shift and scroll over
here I remember this today we were
responding everything is Marley trying
to dig into the side obviously still
drink this is why I love this thing
because obviously I've been documenting
my entire life for eight years but now I
literally have almost every moment of
every day of my life for eight years I
want to keep doing this because it's so
much fun so yesterday I asked you guys
about the clip or the day when the
squirrel friends or friends was taunting
going Marley's running back and forth
from the pool cage and I couldn't
remember the day and one of you guys
CTFxC her name's Holly she's amazing she
knows everything about everything about
the vlogs she said it was made fifth two
thousand three she said it was made
fifth 2013 as a tongue twister for some
reason I went looking and I found
natural clip 2013 may mesa and i found
the clip right here this is how I
usually give these flashbacks it knows
the game see some of these are just like
stuff that disposing get make the vlog
stays on the cutting room floor
especially I consider this my little
time machine the CTFxC time machine a
time machine exists and it's on my desk
and it only involves the CTFxC that's
the only thing we can go back in time
what I have right there is the 5d and
what they sent me was the five g's drobo
5d t which t means turbo so obviously
it's faster this is mac or pc for the
five B team you can have five SATA hard
drives or solid-state drives it has two
Thunderbolts and one USB free really
super fast as transferring to check this
out too I got to use you hard drives for
from seagate they're called the iron
wolf pro these are it terabytes right
here and I have five of them I gotta say
thank you to see gay and drobo sending
these over now this way the vlogs will
never perish maybe one day google is
like once a delete YouTube all the
videos are gone right after me because I
have everything stored here like I'm
basically a digital hoarders what I'm
trying to say what instead of a house
full of files and things like that and
paper they're all on these things nice
and organized until a nice little thing
like this as you can tell I get really
really excited when it comes to digital
stuff and Judy gadget that's the truth
yep Joey me sugar should I can send him
rabona so don't take my needles okay
come over here hard drive good boy your
dance cool oh that's nice welcome to the
world of its going to a dribble
underneath it please say it as drobo oh
my god it does love that okay said this
is has the power raid technology which
is the stuff I was talking about the
redundancy thing like one drive fails
you can go to the other drive and then
you don't lose anything I don't want
this to sound like a huge sales pitch
like honestly this is something that I
really really have been using I
purchases myself I genuinely love this
thing it's been one of the best things
I've ever had if you guys make videos
for a living or if you have a lot of
files out of music I don't know how much
music it's like 30 terabytes if you had
that much music or like photos or just
to say yes like things you don't want to
lose ever I highly recommend these
things like i say i purchased this five
be all by myself and i love this so much
they saw that loves of so much they sent
me this one as a thank you they're an
amazing amazing company i just wanted to
show you guys something that I genuinely
think might actually help a lot of you
differently if you guys are blogging now
in 4k or making videos in 4k like if I
go back and look at some of these are
like 480 or what is it was a 640 by 480
like old school video blogs which we're
probably like five megabytes of file now
like 4k coming up and files being like
to
per clip this is going to come in severe
handy right if you guys want to check
these guys out let's go to drobo calm I
got the 5d T right here this is the 5d
this is just something I really really
think is awesome and if you are a
vlogger and you're doing things a lot on
with video with 4k or anything like that
go check them out drilled locom they are
worth the investment this is gonna be an
interesting thing and pretty amazing to
think about him doing a turn with a pro
good that was literally a three-point
turn truck drivers and bus drivers are
always impressive like Derek tour bus
drivers my favorite thing when we played
the best wife here in New York City I
literally SAT up front and just watched
how amazing it was that he got through
Times Square with a giant tour bus and
trailer it's crazy when we were overseas
lanes are super-tiny I'm always amazed
by that when buses called my tour bus is
dead we'll get to do that again for the
European tour it could be you noticed
really just like that last tour because
we miss precinct lame duck tour slam
dunk it by the way I didn't know you
guys knew we're playing slam dunk
festival this year again oh we went it
was like sorry Oliver Kreuzer
all-american rejects which the Qataris
was really nice to me yeah are the kids
there no you did not have to kick his
ass attitude he was like it was not
Jason holla Qataris yeah what it looks
like a Jon Bon Jovi yes he is remember
he was really nice he was like helping
us with our bags I he wasn't nice guy
yeah I forget what his name is but he
was actually really really nice and he
helped us with an attack hold your bag
okay he helped with my eggs I was tried
to fight off that's mention i would keep
their
I'm pretty strong your left arm is well
it what it is it's like I don't look
strong but like even yeah but I don't
think I don't have a fighting bone in
your body like I don't think that you
are going on plement this is like a
compliment like I think that if you had
to do something where it's like I was in
danger if somebody new with the danger
of a complete stranger wasn't it really
awkward position where they needed
somebody to defend them I think you
could it wasn't pure fighter yep
eidelion letter tim was a pocket I guess
what my whole point is is that I guess
if your inner strength and your inner
mean this needs come out of will well I
can do arm wrestling I beat Roman I
don't think no I bought a big Coley I
betta the whole band no Coley I didn't
beat he's the only one I couldn't be but
I and Susie he cheated he held it on he
had his arm on the desk so fuzzy i am
going to reach Allen jus goin live right
now as you can hear Ali we decided to go
on you now for the first time and price
is October it London's we all get you
some I call it the old school like the
old-school live shows because this is
where CTFxC was born on Iman he actually
was called blog TV before you know but
yeah this is where it all began there's
a blizzard in Sector no I go like Tampa
area if there is nothing here is not
pretty what a funny movie is a little
guys are so easy all you gonna do sit
around five minutes before Lee every
time I got why we ever do that I just
got whatever fool oh they're combined
and I'm like no matter how salty percent
Mallory's incidences aggressive dog yep
perfect telling it you should just let
me do it give me a magnum you don't lose
feel ok now you're my boo feel now that
you know it is fun make me feel awkward
you know dude there's nothing to do with
their shoulder
honey we're talking to trap and
suggested it really good you know they
always do bridal gifts and grooms gift
it survived guys a really nice high that
we should use for the wedding which is a
genius move trap do it so those are that
far can you soon oh that's kind of cool
this is what we're looking for wasn't it
yeah trying to find a nice tie that
would actually double is a really nice
gift this fancy tired too hard to get do
anything about me oh my god you still
haven't done Magnum yet I'm here to go
GUI that's it
I just found this one and I think this
one's pretty cool this is a cool ass hi
doing that are just standard black that
way we know it works and the black
always works but that red one is
freaking awesome that was just a life I
messed up so now we're doing some more
life stuff i'm actually on twitch right
now and zoey is helping me ask the seats
watching actually she keeps looking up
at the TV and I keep watching the chat
and I think they just want to be as
ellie anyway so basically first me
sucking really bad at video games as I
say it all the time you guys know you
might be pleased me grab handle got the
handle grab the other name is Sophie
right oh well what's that what do you so
oh you better run today you better run
if I hold on there so touch it oh wow
you're going to play not that was a good
guy that has the key she'll turn on
google right about that box up there it
says new dawn what's that first hope
their run up there you missed the stairs
nope back you better run you better run
you get real angry up there oh well look
at that good hit me we get
