it is not focus I'm about to meet up
with our wedding planner because we are
going to go do a run-through for the
wedding venue to make sure that
everything is ready to go when
everything's in order
and that way I don't have to worry about
things while Charles is away on tour so
I'm very very excited we were talking
and I was trying to get some things done
before char heads off because one it's
gonna be a little bit nerve-racking that
he's gonna be gone I've been felt like
the day before the wedding so I kind of
want to get everything squared away that
way I'm not freaking out over anything
not too worried as the time approaches
because it's approaching quickly well I
am on my second cup of coffee so that
gives me any idea of how today is going
then you are a smart cookie
Chyna were up pretty late last night
we're here in the blog getting other
things in order working on emails things
of that sort and then I was up super
super early continuing that process
along with having to go and do like a
run-through for the of the venues for
the wedding
good news everything's squared away
everything's going very very well I
think it's gonna be such an amazing day
regardless of what it looks like I know
it's gonna be an amazing day I'm very
excited though I'm very very excited
tart wasn't feeling too hot this morning
so he is one still in bed I know he's
not feeling well if he's still in bed he
wasn't able to go but I gave him kind of
the rundown let him know how everything
was and he's very very happy and very
excited about it he decided to come down
because I finally I'm just gonna give my
mom back her TV and my dad's buffing
this car
yeah buffing it mr. clean what's all
that okay I'll do it even seen it yet
yeah wax on wax off this is fun I
remember doing this as a kid
you ever seen one of these out
definitely takes the karate kid out of
here
first things first yeah first things
first Marlene wants to go on the pool
there we go that all you wanted go in
Marly going to pool go into pool go in
this actually makes me kind of sad that
we don't have a pool because they get so
excited about it yeah man she's over it
this dog over there though he just looks
at me like in there I'm cold
come on so I'm try out come on come on
I got an entire step put in for you and
you're just like okay now you're going
in okay
don't drink it is it cold listen Oh
chilly
yeah that's why I you're a supposed to
drink it every time she does that I was
flash back when she was a puppy and did
that she's been weird her whole life you
don't want to go in the water now we
drove all the way down here so you can
go swimming what happened by the way the
Gators way over there he came out as of
course he heard the pups
there you go MA get your swimmers here
going so goofy Marley you can pee on him
if you want come here mama she's gonna
run in the house honey
you owe me go grab some towels are you
okay
just like screw you I'm gonna ten it's
not that bad don't make me look bad no
I'm not sure I'll go get her a towel I
have a towel in the car honey she said
she's dry she's actually dry okay more
like scoop you all right guys we're
gonna play a game called real or fake I
want you guys in the comments say real
or fake pretty simple game real or fake
I think fake really good fake
he's definitely old that's a dinosaur
squirrel friend just came out and just
scared the crap out of everyone and then
ran right up those palm leaves was that
a blast from the past guys where'd he go
yeah definitely is he comes back every
day this is like a bullet in the past
miss girlfriend hey buddy
been a long time I wish I remember the
video when he was running all over here
like he would run here then he'd ran
back here then he went back here then he
ran back here and just basically was
tormenting the whole time if you guys
remember that video please tell me in
the comments link the video or just send
it to me on Twitter cuz I would be a
really funny video to see again how does
it feel to be driving back in your old
hometown not your old hometown how does
it feel to be driving around in your
hometown awesome it this this road that
we're taking right now to go get
Starbucks it's kind of blasphemy out
because it was back in the day or was
always copying cookies that was our
thing with it girls
I'd be like you guys wanna go get coffee
and cookies so this this is like really
like an install do one right here this
road and then drive the golf cart on
that he's always head right there all
the time
Marley whining like an asshole and I
don't know if the Starbucks that she
gives cookies anymore
I have not tried coffee and I've tried
alcohol since it's like sooo bad no you
haven't tried a possible drop of coffee
like even that can accidental drop and I
feel like cuz that's the one I feel like
that was my huge vice alcohol was advice
for me but now I started cooking on
coffee especially with tour coming up
I'm done their coffee is my mice animal
also like really afraid of it like
tasting like the police portion coffees
definitely my advice who woulda thunk it
honey I always thought I was bad at
coffee I just love it at cuz I drink
coffee obviously when I was growing up
and I remember it was in eighth grade
and I had my first sip and I thought
this is so disgusting and like this is
so girls I don't want this coffee and
then I think it was like that yeah and
then it was my second year of high
school going into a junior maybe it was
my second year I started drinking coffee
with my mom in the morning and they
freaking loved it I just like I fell in
love with it and I think it was because
my mom had like this flavored creamer
that I didn't like or something and then
I drank it black for a really long time
black iced coffee man that's actually I
kind of want to do that right now don't
we decaf I tried
have you ever had you cab it's a crazy
like a non-alcoholic beer I think it's
like wild ones yeah I've actually don't
be surprised I used to work on a golf
course way back in the day a lot of
people drink O'Doul's which I can't
really understand I've never tasted I
don't even or tastes like I mean it
smells
like really just seems like it would be
yes it's literally like hey do you like
the teacher and you don't want to have
any alcoholic benefit Thank You fat on
beer but you don't want the buzz drink
non-alcoholic beer or just I feel like
that's how they would end it like you
talk like then then they go oh guys to
be nice they got the other not a solid
beer I tried it I was like I was like I
looked at it was like what did I do to
you guys what did I do that piss you
guys off so look we're gonna put the new
TV up finally how long has it been since
your birthday September yeah that's
alright well my mom's always celebrating
Christmas um I love it
actually it's super festive you know
what um my mom still hasn't taken down
her Christmas tree so keep it up yeah
that's okay it all takes ten Oh
celebrate Christmas for as long as you
want our neighbors saw us our Halloween
stuff up
look the TVs have been running we have
been getting a lot of like weird things
done for instance we had two really
boring things very boring and and like
we were just talking about I would have
not really picked up the camera today he
needed it kind of an off day today
because we needed to go back to the
house we need you to kind of clean up
around there my mom still never got our
TV from her birthday so we went down
there and we had their like I had to
literally hacker computer to figure out
her password to her own computers my
mom's really bad passwords I am too
so I figured out a way to hack her
computer using the operating system
which I first time I've ever done that
tell them no I feel awesome I've been
watching watchdogs too much or playing
watchdogs too much so I hacked a
computer to get her a Wi-Fi password
then once I got a Wi-Fi password I had
to do some others though behind the
things with the keychain
to get Netflix working so we got our
Apple TV working and now all we get to
go home and I get to build a freaking
desk
yes adulting it's definitely our day
it's kind of like one of those things
we've talked about where we have to take
an R day every once a while to catch up
otherwise we just get so backed up and
then stress is killing kids kids over
and over and over and so yep that's kind
of what happened today so far hey fatty
do you want to go for a walk okay and
she's up since I've been using upstairs
a lot more oh that's cute well you said
no goofy an iceberg anyway so I've been
sitting up here and watching TV and
playing video games a lot more and the
more I'm up here the more I get really
frustrated with how this shovel this
looks so when we went to Ikea I bought a
newsstand
and I got this little guy which is like
a switcher for all the video games so
now I don't have to like plug in like 14
different things like if I want to play
Wii it's a convenient thing but I'm
gonna make it look really super freakin
cool
this is what it looks like now hello boy
there we go just my favorite though
don't do this do this have questions do
this don't do this wait don't do this
you know what I was thinking about
climbing around this dude
all right so I need screwdriver a hammer
a ruler and a pencil but who who are we
kidding I'm not gonna get a ruler we
need to put like a tool kit on our
registry some because we're desperately
in need of tools this is ridiculous
it's like a potpourri of random stuff I
just found this is not even a
screwdriver what it is but I mean like I
don't know it's gonna work oh no work
I am already a part of mine okay so I'm
already thirty minutes in and it's
already screwed up so the directions say
to do it this way I tried it that way
and then one side was longer so that I
did this and now I think I completely I
hate this so so much as you guys
probably have already been watching from
the little bird's-eye view certainly
look like a TV stand I was about to say
dresser because I completely forgot I
was building halfway through this has
been fun when putting together furniture
it's always like it just like a giant
kid puzzle but for adults that's how I
always like to think of it it's just a
giant puzzle just a like a 3d model like
Legos it's all pretty much it is it's
more expensive like house in the last
piece right Oh a shoe shoe shoe shoe
shoe nope don't want to screw up right
now at the very last part the last there
is whoa I built a six shelves desk thing
and it looks great and I feel yep I
think that just died to perfect timing
yep that hey you guys ready to see the
after three to mind you it's not
completely organized but three two one
after obviously just gotta clean some
things up but I wanted to show you
before and after so before after before
after before after before after before
after after before before after
that's menergy now well I'm gonna go to
bed guys I gotta finish editing before
it gets later because this actually I
thought was only gonna take maybe an
hour and I'm four hours in I know it
sounds embarrassing but four hours in it
wasn't so much printing everything again
but it was like taking everything down
rewiring everything finding wires and
then putting them all back so is taking
a long time to do this well there's a
couple things I do want to fix I gotta
find my 360 circuit for my 360 there and
then we could put I put my Nintendo 64
there have you noticed maybe I put my
old NES there but I'm pretty excited
with it I got my my HDMI switch box over
there I'm golden make sure to click like
for my awesome masterpiece of a building
project like it do it right now takes
like a second maybe maybe 2/3 of the max
actually for today's question of the day
is tiresome perfectly I don't think I've
asked you guys ask you guys your
favorite games and a lot of you guys had
the same favorite game as me but I want
you guys to tell me your favorite
all-time console like video game console
or was it Atari was it NES was a Super
Nintendo is it
Genesis like Sega for me mine would have
to be a Nintendo 64 that is my all-time
favorite system you know I think will
always be my all-time favorite system
all right guys have a great night and
I'll see you tomorrow
you
