nope nope not at all nope nothing cool
about this what is that bone filled with
peanut butter yeah you sound bad enjoy
the day want to go get some peanut
butter not having it look at some peanut
butter here like I just better kisses
mom that's all I want and bites
scratches try to love the Bucks cartoons
did you get it that's so much better
than peanut butter you're never not
working are you my orders your gram okay
good morning guys I don't know what kind
of days for me today because I just
walked out try to get ready with one
stock is that me foreshadowing what's
going to happen today should I be scared
I don't know if you guys knew this but
apparently there's a Minecraft movie
coming out and I just found out and I
was just i'm thinking like it seems like
so silly so behind the date like for
example like warcraft movie the warcraft
movie came out like it feels like five
years after the pinnacle or the peak of
world of warcraft world of warcraft and
I feel like the football okay so
minecraft movies not coming out till
2019 I already feel like that's already
like four years too late also I guess
you know obviously makes moving
long time but I thought that was
interesting because the guy from its
always sunny in philadelphia these are
directing it and the girls in the inning
so I feel like that would be a really
good it's so that game is still weird
like evil and not evil the evil playful
at the same time one of my good friends
from high school named Lydia is she's
actually online his ona's minecraft
chick and she's in town every time we've
been Jefferson's how we've been trying
to get together but it our schedules are
working so we're going to try and get
together this week you know we had told
Charles like you know she incorrectly
ation within this penis to play
Minecraft online to the game around
YouTube so I didn't know any of you guys
have ever heard of her but it was very
exciting this year I'm nice to kind of
interesting cause I didn't want to see
the movie I feel like that'd be really
cool she's having a consultant I think
on the movie I'm not one hundred percent
on that it'll definitely something we'll
have to ask her what she's rad that's a
woman is it says that I've never played
a single minute of Minecraft you know
what's funny is like I grew up in video
games that were pixelated naturally
because they sucked is so funny seeing
video games now like all those block
games that are so popular and they're
purposely pixelated and blocky what
they're like they're not pixelated but
their pics later 3d it doesn't make any
sense but they look awesome I always
thought that was really interesting how
that's how video games kind of went to a
degree applause guys we're going on a
cruise instead that's kidding would it
be funny if we were just like doing
those supplies trips or spontaneous
trips just got on a cruise today the
thing is I don't like cruises some
reason I don't know I've had back pain
there needs to be more signs like this
all over the world I saw the Brendan we
were walking in and I thought I was
amazing let's do that often no but I
mean if I saw a dog or a cat or
something in a car I would totally break
some reason window well I just like the
end part was like we reserve the right
to take appropriate
it's kind of like a seal I'm going to
break your window here your dog and then
I'm going to put you in jail exactly
which I find highly if I'm very careful
it was a lot of bull crap we're going to
the Florida Aquarium it's always been
essentially in our backyard we just
never gone so let me begin i came here
in college I think my sophomore year in
college we're trying to do things that
are in our backyard that we don't
normally do more often okay condition I
think you go up and then around and the
end up down here I don't know that help
askin for steelo
the ability like escalators now are
going in the wetland a little feet are
these nine are shot arm and food but
every state were these a softshell
turtle don't worry we people your bunny
has actually helped what do you think
they're terrifying if you have to
basically hold away in the back of the
light drizzle now he's going to take
your finger radar
it's like when Marley swim walk rock
rock rock rock rock rock rock 444444
that's truck but
is missing an eye what happened good
eating a fight it's like when i get out
of shower Oh God does not cool
everything about that I do not like we
can't nope nope not at all nope nothing
rule number that is genuinely my worst
nightmare over now there's a big spider
hanging in the nightosphere often is and
the Mississippi Moses when the mangoes
you see that and then there's a giant
spider I would have a part effect
immediately he creates confidence
hey what's his name or anything so what
does it is that Harry what is it Mary
cause Larry oh my god Jude the thing's
huge
hello fish
it's kind of hard to show you guys I'll
stick this glasses what
the various you could be
alright guys find the fish other than
that guy let me comment they would
signal video the top light the bottom
left the bottom right top left maybe now
you can see a little bit better cool
that's about fish no sir
especially a guru be as dish you know
it's terrifying about this as I feel
like I've seen a million of these while
we swim because they just look like it
look like you know vines or graft or
whatever look at me to get into a fight
fight fight do it do it get some about
your mom
look at it two things we come
yes perspective girlfriend oh it's okay
Thunder isn't sure the inside voice
changed into soccer oh really your
prankster make it a friend planean top
feels like the cartilage right
you guys are when we found the entire
walk I was the shell and put their
little feet look like creepy a little
party
Wow no wonder they're scared yet
holy moly piccoli
they mess it up oh my god gives all the
Joker's sticker jellyfish at home
do you think I jellyfish at home just
massive I feel like I know so much about
notice now that we have some are they're
not nearly this big though
so by let you have the beach with a
shadow behind you like that
good hello octopi a little of their skin
imagine finding the first person fire
oculus how do you built the wise wise
yeah like I feel like they're like a
wise firm well I'm a pleasure how big
will I would have to hope that we'll
have room well well that was very fun i
am not been too funny home I worked i
yes i'm a bum it's hard to move um no
that's like super fun i really enjoy
that I feel like back and so now it is a
lot of sort of like aquarium so I love
going to grams I think it's like so
relaxing yeah Ashley learned a lot see I
was talking to the lady that was
basically giving us all the information
about stingrays I was just yeah yeah I
don't think I said I was Clarence all
but but she was like telling me a lot of
stuff about how like for instance there
was like three different species of
singer is that were in there and the
singers are really cool because they're
very much like humans where they have
distinct features so they could tell
every single thing right apart but I
thought that was really really cool
because there were some that were really
dark than they were really light as you
said that it's kind of like a human how
growth you can have sisters and brothers
that you all have different color eyes
and you know and you all had different
color hair or your facial features are a
little bit different this guy's is busy
what was that
I don't really love him
does this have to do most song I know
some of them can you guys get to this is
a gently you all know this
Oh
yes
you guys are witnesses this is we the
kings no way this is broken it
yes this is no way this is really kings
when they were broken image okay i am
not good were they only i was going to
freak me out because I know the song
were they on a you know like probably
weren't yes way back in the day with
silverstein and we're probably I
actually I don't make it I'm going to
totally look this up right now because
this is gonna I'm gonna find look at
baby day yeah baby everyone look okay
that creeps me out because I've heard
the some porn and it was not always show
you good I want to show you guys how
baby everyone looks look everyone looks
like a bunch of kids try found this on
google I guess this is the google thing
right now vermont was the king just
started kind of funny you guys notice
the inspiration why is this like really
sad to me good that giant Alison
you're looking good barbecue and there's
chicken right there oh that's dumb I was
dumb but I'm actually kind of proud of
myself this is the first parallel
parking job I've done in a very long
time you're like perfect perfect one
when I was in college they sort of place
types of two places and let the taco bus
the national gay person
they named the cell mexican food out of
an actual school bus it was so awesome
and then there's another place called by
Erika where I would get like to give a
guy again 32 is to keep allowance
margherita friendly heads-up that he
wasn't really like beginning gaze at the
blog so i told alli next time i have to
go to mr isaac up we're going there i
just wanted to show you guys something I
just wanted CBS because I have a period
and they Brown backed my my tampon they
put everything else on the bus back with
a brown bag to my chips you hear what it
said he's good any goes to have a good
day I think who knows remembering the
good old days when going to ikea was a
lot of fun and now it's just so annoying
I'm kind of like figure away we can do
up in and out fast as you can I try to
find something relatively organizational
so i can put all the xbox it is right
now just a mess I swear I got it
you got it good job babe oh yeah killing
it 27 times is a charm oh no oh no okay
so Marley's obviously feeling a lot
better she gets really jealous when Ali
comes near me are you jealous it works
get some pizzas there's oh great now I
want pizza I hate teeny anything so half
the time I see my tattoo I want to get
pizza that's actually not a lie well
this is gonna be fun you don't have to
actually that's half of your laundry out
there so you're welcome no this is going
to be great it's a charity look at your
carrot they just barely can reach it get
it buddy stretch good boy good night
she's supposed to give escape it okay
okay I got see you mom okay
