this is kind of funny I didn't realize
that you can actually do this I was
ordering something on Amazon and it
showed that a bunch of years and it
shows the orders that you placed within
that year and there's just a couple of
them I want to show you first off I got
to show you this this is a dupe box
Zen extra 30 gigabyte mp3 player already
been discontinued obviously we show you
it's the size of my laptop essentially
huge alright so that was 2004 I want to
see if I can find anything else it's
kind of fine over the past 13 14 years
this stuff okay apparently bought The
Wizard of Oz two-disc special not quite
sure why I bought that in 2005-2006 I
apparently bought Romeo and Juliet okay
now this is getting weirder 2007 I
bought an a megaphone oh wow look at
this one back in the day it's a flip
Mino HD camera so this is the first vlog
fact that this was views before the
vlogs were vlogs what else for a
descendants t-shirt okay that's pretty
normal for me okay there's the ozonator
holy crap I've had this thing for 10
years that I never used it once it's
thought to be kind of funny to get what
else can we find here this is kind of
interesting to see what I was thinking
back then like those things there's like
oh I kind of need this
alright this is kind of fun so now I got
under a lot of case for the camera and
then I'm up in my game and getting a
nano and another WTF moments I just want
to know what was going on my voices fact
I just want to know what was going on
during this time oh wow this is kind of
interesting I had to buy these flash
memory cards so they're not even SD
cards it was the ones that are bigger
well those were freaking expensive too
Jesus started my hobby of quadcopters
and helicopters in 2011 ok nothing in
2012 2013 I bought an Xbox one what
apparently this was the year I decided I
wanted to buy a Nicholas Cage pillow
case oh and then I got an SD card 2014
another descendent shirt probably
because I
the other one and a black flag shirt
2016 a buck toy hands
I guess alright and this is the weirdest
combination that I think I've seen in
the past twelve years ten years in this
thing so apparently I needed ecto cooler
as well as laundry detergent yeah just
that one day just need both of those
continue with my Nicolas Cage obsession
coffee mug I am telling you guys just go
look at your history of things and just
you'll see the state of mind that you
are in when you're like oh I need to get
this because some of these are
absolutely ridiculous and then 2018 is
just normal stuff yep just 2018 is just
like the polaroid photos for the signed
Polaroids for you guys just the
Polaroids so I got those for you guys
that seems kind of normal and another
stupidly awesome t-shirt so that's just
a glimpse in my brain right there
that's very interesting can't wait to
Ali sees these clips I just filmed oh my
god I don't know it's so long I love it
you should cut it like that I don't know
you won't do it you're gonna cut like
literally that much and no one's would
be able to tell especially me how much
yeah right you're not gonna do it I'm
not gonna go and sit there because it's
going to be boring yeah yeah I want to
start seeing if I can take a Rica
outside now that she has all her shots
but I need to get a new harness because
she's outgrown everything xx smell smell
xx small some of these are absolutely
ridiculous leave this one I think I'm
just gonna go standard pink because I
can't find another cooler colour wow
that's actually kind of cool but I don't
know about that and with a shot right
this works out perfectly I was getting a
haircut and her birthday was today is in
like the third so it's in a couple days
of what I want to get it but I'm not
really sure where because I know she's
kind of drop some hints you're editing
this video you have no idea but she's
kind of hinted that in a couple times so
I'm going to go see if I can find one
I'm not very sure on what it is turn
right onto 46th Avenue north and she's
packing figure it out by the directions
I'm sure her birthday is an only couple
days so yes
the 3rd of March is Ally's birthday so
as simple as this gift is mind you is a
super simple one I just I know she said
something about it it is so hard to find
like I went to several stores and
apparently you can only get it online so
I'm not going to give up because it's
the only time I have otherwise I was
going to figure out what I'm talking
about
alright
pick a ballet and attend like I didn't
do anything just as I was picking a
ballet I was riding no I did I cut three
inches off they won't look at it it's
still really long but I told her so
Geneva I'm like I'm trying so hard to do
something different sick I get it she's
like I did different a couple years in a
row and every time I regretted it she's
like just stick with that skirt that's
horrible motivation no but for me
because I don't know and she's like the
thing is is that she's like then you
have beautiful hair she's like you have
beautiful hair not a lot of people can
have long hair without doing a ton of
things to it or adding extensions to it
cut it when you're ready she's like
you're gonna get to that point where
you're like just chop it don't even ask
me just do it so I know that's gonna
happen one day soon yeah I stopped blew
my hair and she was laughing she's like
don't worry I have something that'll
take it out she goes oh yeah just so you
know anytime you buy that stuff if
you're blonde you never get blue blue
never comes up it's the hardest one to
come out of blonde hair now we now go in
the back of the car right why is it
birthday presents back there that was
different
no we don't celebrate Valentine's Day
don't need to start with me on that one
yeah well just don't go in the back of
the car otherwise it ruins everything
for the course of filming in the daytime
we've noticed that some of these cameras
I feel like this is the biggest biggest
freakin fault of the g7x that dust gets
in here oh by the way this one fell a
while ago and the lens won't go in or
out so that's good going back to the
warranties thing I want to see if we can
find a better better camera no maybe
it's time to upgrade and get rid of the
g7x
I did too but like it might be time if
you guys have any other ideas for
cameras something that where you can
clean the way
really
things that we don't have that luxury
with the camel that we have we find
something that kids it's not all
make better videos and work listen to do
it so I think this is what we're gonna
get
possibly shooting 4k and everything a
nice little job ii guy because that
guy's all goofed up yeah the little
viewfinder well there's not one on here
that's are both oh yeah well I guess you
don't really need it I'm gonna break the
demo bring it you buy it already buying
it all right guys time to go to the new
camera I live after go set everything up
so we're gonna be on this guy for at
least a couple more Clips alright guys
we're talking about its practablity is
it
practicable practicality practicality so
we're talking about two calendars right
now she's trying to figure out what I
got her first pair figured out he said
it's something practical and I said
there's nothing private I said I don't
need
since
your puppies
it's awesome but it's not practical
all right so really not when you have
did you try it this is a sad face one I
like where to go the crying face
this is a quick baby poop that's a sad
day and this is the crying face that
one's gonna try it but that's nothing
you forget - no no that's a lot right
do it
nothing wait for it but it's not
miserable get it reek get that mosquito
out of here
so you guys are never gonna freakin
believe this I went to open the box
online King this is this is I can't
believe this just happened
Clare went to open the box there is no
camera in the box
nothing okay now I got to figure out how
to make them believe me that there's
nothing in this box that is redic I
didn't hold the box and the guy put it
directly in the bag okay well this is
fun
the problem is I know people might be
saying why didn't you open it well
here's the deal the guy he picked it out
he put it in the bag for me and I had
like 40 other things I had a gorilla
thing I had a microphone so everything
was pretty heavy so I just figured it
all it's all in there heavy stuff I mean
when you buy something you assume it's
in there right now I just gotta laugh
because I'm assuming it's gonna be taken
care of it's not if it's not you're
gonna see me crying oh damn light on
here light on seriously oh there's I
walk in and like oh you're the guy
without no camera the box oh my gap they
just swapped it out thank God I was like
really nervous that they were going to
think that I stole it which would have
been the greatest heist of all time but
I got a camera I'm gonna play with it a
little bit so you finally got your
camera are you excited I mean it happens
we were like in having such a good
conversation with the guy that it was it
was so funny that once I talked to him I
said what's going on he's like oh that's
weird but don't worry about it and you
just gave me anyone sorry I have to take
these off otherwise you're just gonna do
these constantly I had to take them off
those - all right so should we do the
next the next scene is actually gonna be
the new camera right finally
alright next scene new camera well this
is going to be the new rig it's gonna
take some getting used to you saw a
freaking big it is I'm just gonna have
to get used to like carrying something
this big versus cans
like this but I feel like look at the
autofocus that's pretty cool I
definitely have to give this I'm a
little nervous only because that noise
probably and I'm only nervous because of
the fact that I have to okay did you
guys see let me show you again because I
have to carry this thing like this all
around and it's not very something I can
just pull like that put my pocket so I'm
a little nervous about that because I'm
so used to being able to hide the camera
for places I'm not supposed to have it
but I think this is just gonna be one of
those things where I just have to get
used to it it's just gonna be something
that's going to take some time but I
think it's going to be better for the
vlogs and eventually I think that's
gonna be way more fun so I don't know
what do you guys think should I keep it
tomorrow I'm gonna play around with a
little bit more it's better light
obviously terrible lighting right now
because as you can see it's nighttime
let's see what it looks like at night
actually way as well
well guys this thing is about to die
because I didn't get a full charge
I think it's shooting in 4k which
doesn't really matter because I didn't
edit the rest of the video 4k anyway I
want to ask you guys in the comments
should I keep this tomorrow I'm gonna
test it a little bit more but right now
just kind of as a preliminary kind of
test you know the audio I know the audio
is gonna be totally different because I
have to tweak into stuff and I'm still
gonna learn but the low-light and the
focus is something that I really want to
kind of hit home with but before I go I
have to say thank you to a couple of the
CTFxC patrons first one is Michelle
Ingraham Alison hislop Chloe Mostar
Michael Coble and Eve o Slutsky I think
that's how you say if so I get major
points on that as well as Steve Young
Jesper Varkey and Derek stones so guys I
just want to say thank you so much and
give me some ideas if you guys have any
suggestions for like profiles or you
know like settings on this thing and I
plan on continually learning because I
want to make sure these vlogs just
evolve and get better awesome
just just you know just make it better I
feel like it's it's time I want to do
this because it's it's something I
really want to do and I just want to
make these videos more enjoyable more
refreshing the watch so don't forget to
subscribe guys and I will see you
tomorrow as always bye
