what are you doing what are you spiking
on the door good morning Internet today
is the day we start our adventure of
trying to rip up carpet it's going to be
interesting because I've never done it
it seems simple but everything that we
end up doing seems simple to begin and
then get super complicated but I feel
like destroying something is easier than
putting something in okay get some
razors think that'll work
because some crowbar - razor handles
razor blades now I need gloves I think
that's all I'm gonna need should be kind
of fun I see that now
I want to hear a fun story I went to buy
these razors and literally only sliced
my finger off
apparently it open apparently show you
guys when I bought these things somebody
open them and stole two razors out of it
so what yes so when I went to put it in
the back so when I went to go I put it
into the bag all these razors went
flying it almost sliced my freaking
finger right off that was fun I think I
still have ten of them it's ten all
right are you ready take him this
yeah let's see that's her yeah totally
was I can hear you from the other side
of this store literally could hear you
from the other side of the store Zoey
Zoey you take all the carpet down baby
gates up there oh the additional one I
mean we have one so I am super excited
and I know that girls are super excited
about this but we got something in the
mail today that we have been waiting for
for a little while and we are super
eager to talk to you guys about it and
actually do it ourselves we had the
opportunity to work together with this
company called
color and what they do is they provide
you with at home kids that basically you
you take them and they provide you with
information on whether or not you are at
risk for different hereditary cancers
caused by a mutated gene it's super easy
to use you get the package has the
instructions like really easy like three
steps that's all you have it comes in
this beautifully clear case you provide
a saliva sample you put it back in the
case
you close the case just in case you guys
don't know how to close the Box thanks
Charles ship it off wait about three or
four weeks once your results actually
come in they connect you with a
physician virtually so it's even easier
you don't have to go anywhere and then
if you have that mutated gene you guys
can formulate a plan take the next steps
it's so easy we loved this idea of doing
this kit just because of you know
Charles pass with his cancer and you
know he's true also the fact that we're
talking about having kids now I feel
like it's really important to kind of be
a step ahead of everything and if we
could get that information now I think
that it's soon I just kind of provide a
little bit of ease for us down the road
if I had this kind of test when I was
going through my things you know things
may have been you know gone a different
like direction for me and I feel like
knowing this information could
potentially help some of you guys
another thing is that it's like super
super affordable I've had friends
honestly they've done these tests and
it's cost thousands of dollars I'm not
even kidding and okay so this was
hereditary cancer cake this is one we
chose to do they have multiple kits that
you can get some that are like breast
cancer ovarian and other various cancers
and on top of that color is such an
awesome company they're giving you guys
because we think it's so awesome they're
giving you guys $25 off your kit so
links right here on the screen and if
you don't like typing things out it's in
the description just guys say thank you
so much the color and okay by the way I
completely forgot they ship worldwide
too that's that's super that was like a
huge thing I feel a little space cadet
on that one so go check it out guys
thank you so much the color for allowing
us to show you all this and giving us
the chance to doing this ourselves this
is to you guys I mean this is a
promotion that's near dear to my heart
considering the things that I've gone
through and I think it's important just
from coming from that world so thank you
guys the color be sure to click that
link in the description and all that fun
stuff we gotta go do it
get your saliva ready okay so now we
gotta go spit in this thing yeah kids
are still like we're ready you
salivating so for this project by
Charles and Ally we think we feel like
sometimes we do you think one of those
renovating shows now that we're getting
better the Christmas trees fill up here
we're not about that I totally did too
so we're ripping this out going into
here ripping that all out and then back
around here in the closet and then this
room you guys want to see something this
is actually kind of embarrassing for the
person who remodeled this house I feel I
literally came over here grab this
little piece this is and it just all
comes out so whoever that dude hired
should be fired as terribly fired gonna
easily just come right up oh my God look
at this this is even better these aren't
even attached to the freaking you guys
have no idea how satisfying it was to
take a razor to carve it like that
well we're learning a lot right now
that's actually pretty ridiculous trying
to roll I'll he gets the first roll okay
now we got a tape that guy
is it hmm all right so how we're gonna
do this all right do you want the first
throw we figured this is a lot easier
and safer than taking it down there's
more fun okay all right let me try it
then yeah we can't hit the ledge so I'll
throw it all right that's it good guess
a Geronimo
you got to shoot you got to shoot it
good oh by the way I got essentially the
childproof we're just called the Charlie
crews oh I was trying to call 9-1-1
weird yeah this isn't even - Oh Rapunzel
rapunzel let down your hair that the
dead alleys having the most fun right
now just taping the carpet no I just
think I like to him I mean my favorite
thing he's been throwing things out the
window that's
can you guess so I got to get these
things off off right now
being destructive it's fun
our parents tell me that they went back
in the day the 80s they used to have
demolition parties where people would
bring like sledgehammers and they were
trying to take down a house
not take it down yeah so they were just
like cuz they're like selling it or
something yeah exactly everything was
good in the eighties officially got all
the carpet out and they got to scrub it
down one room down and that's our carpet
master down there yeah but you know we
were thinking about like taking it down
the stairs there's a reason why
construction people have those likes
lights for these things yeah
and it's already paying off yeah heads
or tails it's like I can never remember
it but heads or tail on heads good luck
yeah bad luck
this is where Ali's wedding dress and my
life no I don't think my suits up here
anymore all right so we got to be very
careful is it that last one you're gonna
touch the grass dress I don't know miss
that one oh I do not know what I who I
am anti-climatic sorry guys this is
probably the coolest closet we have it's
a cedar closet you ponder life in there
hey honestly if you get in this thing
I'm gonna summertime it's really it's a
beautiful closet though got one room I
totally didn't get parts on the brain
bed anyway yeah we got that room we got
the closet and the hallway and then
we're gonna rip this guy up hopefully
tomorrow just once we can't tell this
was gonna be the hardest one because we
have the pinball machine and the beanbag
thing that is not coming downstairs
there's no way that's gonna ever fit
through that thing if we ever sell this
house somebody's getting a giant beanbag
pinball machines gonna be a little rough
to couch don't know what to do with that
that's a product this is our biggest
project yet I think the third of the
price more than that no it's it's three
times the amount if we had them do
everything if we did this we're not
installing it we don't trust yourself
for that Ali can do it though we can I
can do a finish more like it's more of a
warranty one week
I did it with my brother so my brother
even said he's like you know he's like
Ali you could do it I could take you a
couple days or if you have somebody
doing that after yeah exactly so it
makes sense and I mean honestly so I
must say I'm pretty darn proud of us for
getting that up it wasn't like that hard
I actually expected it to be harder but
it wasn't that bad and I had to call my
brother and FaceTime him and let him
know that we actually did it because one
thing about the work - is that we like
to do projects as much as we can on our
own I know
Marley wanted help and she kicked off we
put the baby gate up and she's like she
literally did this to us
yep isn't that something where we have
all these baby gates no babies we're
just gonna call Marvin Gaye's we're
actually really glad that we're doing
this because we saw some obscene see
we're not up there as much as we are
obviously downstairs and we discovered a
few extra little
presents from Marley once we lift out
the carpet so this is all been a good
idea and I know very much we just we
didn't notice it so Marley thank you so
much for allowing us to put new flooring
upstairs we did this all for you yeah
yeah you did a great job Oh baby excuse
me no excuse me destroying everything
yeah she's going for it jerk tell me
what song she's playing right now okay
oh no keeps cutting out there goes
that's pretty awesome
that's pretty you're not too bad you're
not too bad at all I feel like we did a
good amount of work today I think we
were successful we're gonna try to
finish everything later
well yeah I think we did good this is
probably bad idea to be shoeless right
now but I gotta turn the lights off
don't forget to subscribe guys I thought
I heard a noise it's so weird
we'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a good night but reasonably it's to
Jesus all right
