water wiener Polina as you can see
today's probably going to be one of
those days of didi shoveling this house
wait is it the shoveling is shoveling
the the term that's craziness so your d
craziness or didi craziness the items
basically the day where we kind of get
this kind of organized a little bit my
mom still has yet to pick up our TV mom
if you're watching this let's get your
frickin TV setup invites are done right
we should we should knock out the rest
of the invite what so we can start
clearing this out there this work space
so we can clear this work space out we
obviously can put this away this is how
we drive things because we put in the
dryer just doesn't ever drive so if you
ever need to dry like a bedding make it
10 so we have to play as a DJ I also
today I just for some reason I guess I
didn't didn't work I bought the gji
magic a month ago two months ago and I
just checked those like wings are
supposed to come here and keep
notifications for Best Buy keeps going
in the stock and get selling out right
away so I was curious when my order was
coming because I want to happen for
walked or not shoot I keep saying
workbook for tour worker was on my mind
all the time and I just checked
apparently never charged so it's never
coming so I had to go pay for that today
so hopefully that's going to come to
tour I'm really really excited for that
and then I'm still not be packed from
North Carolina and then this is a fun
little thing I got to show you guys
later I got to open that it's been
killing me not opening that but I got to
do that bezel you know comb yourself so
you're not shedding out all over the
place there's mileage on the bin but I
get ten bucks I get simply you look so
scared
can I do something wrong you guys
avocado you're very healthy take care of
Akkad oh there's a little weird mustache
that's a nice jump there buddy already
go get it
I spoke wreck their bed always telling
me to pull my pants up
I always keep meaning to show you guys
this I don't know if I've ever showed
Ally this okay so in a world in a world
of everyone taking photos of each other
and just you know great selfies galore I
just want to show you guys right now no
matter what filter you will ever use you
will never be as cool as Buzz Aldrin
really you did show me that did I show
dude yeah long time ago really cool this
is Buzz Aldrin in space taking selfies
really cool there is no filter to be
that cool I'm just gonna say you're
never going to take a photo a selfie
that cool your eyes will just give up
hey like I told you I'm trying to
finally get to like fixing some spots on
the paint outside so obviously I get rid
of everything buckling into the storage
unit so I had to go back over there oh
wait I was buying that in like a Mac or
that kind of a psycho off of it
Ali is this it right here button slide
shelters if I want to bring it just in
case I'm going to rip my freaking like
thumb off of a it falls down I think
that's it I love this storage unit I
want to write some more stuff out here
the things written like the best best
purchase in a very long time this is
from when we did the stairwell which I'm
I kind of want to do that again because
you know how we did the gradient on the
stairwell
it's I really wanted this to be a little
bit more drastic but it's so subtle down
that way you can see it be in agreement
as you go up
so eventually anything will to do that
again will get super bored which is kind
of where I'm at now I just want to be
productive that's you I'm actually not
super bored and just already took out
this okay
cuz that's everything you need I don't
want to give too much information but
mother nature has granted me a people
get what is it antelope I was going up
it's granted me a beautiful gift and I
know it's way too much information for
you sighs but I am I'm dying right now
not literally but it hurt so bad I was
telling to her that like my back when I
get back pain I'm a girl looks all black
walk walk walk well babe you can't go
like to take a left
crack ladder quack quack there's there's
a I speak duck did you don't know that
whenever I get back pain now just in
general because I have really bad back
pain when I had been gay that was like
the first thing that really certain was
it I got I just had the most incredible
back pain that you could ever imagine
just all down my spine my hips it was
miserable it felt like I had for those
of you guys don't know what dungeon is
it's a not like malaria but it will tell
you describe it when we went to Hawaii
it's kind of a virus that affects about
like it gets into your bones and then it
kind of breaks down your white and red
blood cells so it's a very weird yeah
unique and a tropical it over over in
hospitals like eighty seven ninety days
yeah so it's literally just had a spinal
tap a lumbar puncture which is pretty
much spinal tap right it was like a
giant needle in her spine to make sure
you don't have any like meningitis virus
or anything like that which by the way
she doesn't have so has some incredible
news so she's right now she is kind of
resting and they'll probably give her
like a hospital bed to like let her
sleep so ever since then I had them
release me because they couldn't figure
out was running me so I actually had
them medically or at least me ever since
I've had it it's weird like I have as a
more difficult time getting over colds I
seem to be getting sick easier which is
the best
it's going to happen and more frequently
it I get to see quickly uh quicker than
I used to and I'm pretty much like done
at a certain point during the day where
I have no more energy but a big thing
that has come from having to gain and I
might be I don't even know but I can
tell you that my back pain has every
time I have it is just so much more
intense and worse than I can ever
remember it being before I ever had that
and right now I'm going through this
moment where my whole back is hurting
worse than it used to when I would
probably on drinking on my my time you
know the problem is dengue is not
necessarily curable it's like always in
your system what's happened once you
have it kind of like chickenpox like
it's what you have it you have it like
kind of an office building do it now can
you get dengue yeah my caramel yeah I
can get it again and if I get it again
it could be far worse because I very sad
that's a little too the situation that
I'm in and again I'm sorry if I gave too
much information there guys but I'm kind
of a little down to account right now
and I'm I don't think I'm going to be
the most exciting human being today you
know what we go through I should talk
about I'm kind of hungry actually
you're awesome oh I hope you do bear
with me I charted so awesome and taking
good care of me but I just it sucks I
hate to be a complainer about it but
it's just like I hate not feeling like
myself and when I get sick or now when I
get sick or when this stuff happens I
just I feel so much worse than I ever
used to it just sucks it's so
disappointing but I'm not going to let
it ruin the day I'm just going to sit in
this she didn't eat for a little bit
okay sometimes kick some stuff in the
house and I want to go with the white
paint and that is pink complete opposite
of white up there's the white that was
weird
never seen that before well looks
that paint was wrong and now I'm
officially pissed off
whoever did just labeled this
incorrectly that looks like the very
paint though so I think we're good now I
hate doing yourself now that I see it up
there khatola too different that's why
it was think so we had a little issue as
you can see like right there so tar
start dude paint and realized it was
like the wrong color and it was kind of
it was like literally if ever that's the
help I don't know but it started it was
definitely the wrong color so now try
got the right color and uses painting
mixing the hunter sauce you're such a
handy man right now it resolved land is
better already
thank you yeah a lot better
maybe can't not exactly a lot better
that now I'll get to work although that
might be interior paint or something I'm
not sure but I don't know the times I'm
not sure okay yeah looks thanks from
what I can see you did great job food
hey you got put your seatbelt on
apparently she's heavy enough to resist
evil
there we go as you may have seen I
didn't grab the right paint all right
guess I don't know it all looks the same
to me when I was trying to pick them all
up
so I gotta go back exactly where I was
little spots around the house that have
been driving me freakin mad so I want to
go get them taken care of while I can
today seems like a perfect day figured
I'd take the pups because they love it
make the hang out and get some air oh
 I just realized those needs in
Poplar thing hold on there we go nice
and safe good job three claps to be safe
yesterday we're young buddy was that guy
going I love you so me well you put your
seat belt on it's not safe oh good you
see put on safety first
everyone ready to go home safety harness
okay
it's probably that good for you yeah
let's go back I got the right pan now we
can finally do this thing so uh so
annoying
like the little little tiny thing I just
thought we had it all he got him back
Christ a four month go back go back back
there up together
Ali was low riding back here
this is builded please very very pissed
off at Ali right now so earlier I was
like walking down calendars and Diesel's
evening and Marley wasn't going to again
try to get her food I like like won't
like that man to get like I didn't know
you didn't hurt her scared her she she
she's now super mad at everyone
no she's not really mad she I think she
just doesn't want to get like I've never
seen her that like judgy and uh dreadful
yeah she's got a grudge right now well I
got idea Marley would you like a cookie
and don't know hundred all day oh the
big ass carrot oh thank you okay she
forgives you a lot of your friends now
are we friends now that I gave you a
giant carrot that how it goes
forgiveness is all in the size of the
gift
carrots are the way to Marley's heart
absolutely happy that I got the dog kind
of crazy addicted carrots so this is
that what winter was back we weren't a
very long ago do it again what well it's
proof ride
I did and nothing happened
how does it happen keep happening whoa
this is it ready all dates are have been
in Zombie mode it is not a joke and I
feel so lame for complaining about this
because so many other people who through
what I'm going through right now and I'm
probably talking about it way too much
but oh my god I just like I feel I feel
like complete poop right now I am doing
some things around the house I've been
cleaning up a little bit and doing final
touches on what if stuffs getting out do
you lots of invites and playing bridal
showers and all that fun jazz and pretty
planting my plants that yes guys I have
yet to kill this one has been around for
almost a year now so there you go it's
also alive which is so wonderful so if
you want to applaud me you can't you
don't want to I would have bling baby
developing a green thumb but who knows
so since the whole like wedding planning
started I have been taking over the
dining room area and if you can't tell
it's a big old hot mess right now and I
can we actually get to utilize the
dining room again for other reasons than
just playing this wedding because yeah
it'll be nice it'll be nice for dinner
at a dining-room table so I did find out
tonight at the wedding about 55 days
away which is crazy crazy exciting and
nerve-wracking and wonderful and it's
coming up quickly and it's coming up
fast and it's kind of blowing my mind
but after all this planning and the all
the time it's just I can't wait I have
so many friends and family members that
are so excited about it which makes it
even more enjoyable when you have
friends and family members that are so
excited about the person that you're
going to marry and excited about the
event that you're going to be having so
I'm very very much looking forward to
that and it begins now I'm feeling a
little bit better I've seen a little
down time I worked out tonight cuz I
told you guys like my new year's
resolution was to one make a happier
healthier self that's what I wanted for
myself with
to be a happier healthier individual not
only physically but mentally and
emotionally spiritually all the above I
was working out today I think that might
have contribute a little bit so nuts
right now it's some day throw me a bone
I'm just looking like a hot mess I've
been trying to do that in science I've
been getting up every morning and
working out for a little while and I
think I might have overdone it a little
bit this morning so that could be one of
my body is kind of hating me or you know
but that's okay you living it's been all
about kind of getting the house
organized getting things cleaned up
slowly but surely someone had actually
asked us to do this is kind of on the
same topic but not really so if you have
been asking in the comment section for
us to kind of do an updated house tour
you know since we first because I don't
think we've actually done one since we
moved in and we haven't really shown you
exactly what we've done we have done
much but we have moved furniture around
added things here and there and kind of
try to made it make it a little bit more
homey so if you guys wanted to do an
updated house tour let us know down
below in the comment section because
we'll do it if you guys want us to if
you don't we're not going to do it until
you guys see most the house anyways so
you know what the hell if you don't
wanna see it totally cool with us just
out of curiosity
you can
report to the town protectors pretty
heavy experiencing around extra pound
all the time on my body the other words
oh yes I can't take Ali anywhere in 50
pretty much the same
you know like every single person here
in the alleys the mayor you want a
wiener definitely know like a scavenger
right now now okay
Hollywood snuck some cheese was a little
munchy did you get oh yeah I'm slow came
so bad no I don't see Marley was just
playing it up for carats earlier she
knows how to do it she's smart she knows
what's up
you came back there turtle so yesterday
I played obviously some video games and
I sucked royally so what I decided to do
is download some of the videos and just
make a quick little clip montage of some
of my terrible moments oh this is fun my
god Oh sort of a bitch
see now that's the perfect timing go
watch the dogs come home get some
Chicago dog we decided we were going to
make them I know we said we're going in
earlier
yeah so I mean is it we did this way
because if we knew it'd be healthier
sodium levels still pry out the roof but
it's okay ever since gaining I went to
Chicago with Colby him and I both were
completely addicted with Chicago dogs so
now that's like our thing every time I
go to Chicago all of them think I just
like celery salt I think that's all I
really like he's wonder what's me
when he kid I don't know you would tell
the Internet and subscribe I don't know
what about into like fun
you'd be going to hit the like but yeah
I'm new on that guys I will see them by
the way she totally did this first off
so the the remote was right there and
she brought the bone up there and look
like she was hoarding everything hi guys
good night
you
