Riley do you want to tell her or should
I
your head it's kind of crooked I don't
get depressed now hide hide and shame
she was embarrassed that I showed her
that her head was all crooked go step on
addy go step on her go do it
go step on her Ali gets to dress me
today because I'm too lazy I don't want
to pick a shirt you only want to go for
the color side he's going for the dark
side
oh so happens to be the shirt you got me
because it's all the colors thank you
well it's not really timing let's go do
this very fast they don't play some
video games video games
Ali's driving Savannah's car you look
like Sonya Blade right now or no not
Sonya Blade
what's the mom from Terminator oh well
that's okay I'll just tell them that
you're from shermanator my wife is
songsong until you wait
Sarah Connor I knew I get it she also
looks like Sonya Blade from Mortal
Kombat but that's not who I was trying
to think of see don't you look you look
like Sarah Connor right where's John
Connor
you're like Sarah Connor and Sonya Blade
that's the other one I was trying to
think of all right Sarah Connor get out
of the car was getting this car it's so
weird
when you're driving is he going like
when you left yesterday and I got me
over you like that time that way I'm
like yes told me to go that way and then
it told me 30 minutes on the way yeah
he's pissed off
all right Sonya Blade where we going
coffee we gotta go find Johnny
so if you're selling your blade it might
Johnny Cage right would I be Johnny Cage
would you would ya does until you break
Johnny Cage have a daughter bit I think
so and they're all there are mortal
kombat family family is their baby a
mortal kombat baby we don't have time to
waste where we're going I told you I
need to get clapping okay
I choked on my spit we were going take a
right mm-hmm
they were thought as the merry celebrity
wouldn't you think what uh Arnold like
uh it's really nice
what's girl like fighting was the smells
he does smell yeah
was it I talk to meditate I'm lousy cool
guy okay
it's John Klein kind of a dick no John
Connors it's gone well everybody's kind
of dick right voice we have a son he's a
badass so I have he's gonna be my son my
stepson
what about Liu Kang he always seems like
he'd be kind of cool but is he cool um
gets his moments
I think right now he was like on his
period he's kind of got like ego talk
nice about my friends okay they showed
me how you do that I just ruin one day
fight together
Oh Howard splits that is my years of
gymnastics which become that doesn't
talk about no they don't
what about Kano he's a real asshole cuz
I remember in the movie he's real big to
you you know okay well let me tell you
how that went down he asked me out a
long time
I said no because I wanted us to remain
plans I liked our friendship and then
all shit hit the fan and he was really
really upset and every time I saw it was
just a big fight whose scariest scorpion
or sub-zero scary really but that's the
Scorpion from hell yeah but doesn't
matter though so justice was scary yeah
scorpion is like he just got short
temper I did see sub-zero
it's very movie he that cold heart yeah
yeah he doesn't care about much
I run freely I'm trying to see how long
we can keep this going before we serve
we're getting what we're talking about
which is I think right about now
no I wrote this in the two days we
haven't seen Finley there let me go for
a second it was more she'll tall I got
just two days he's already grown that
much you need to do like what people do
with kids and like do against a wall is
that his supermodel diet get your ice
cube does Melissa need some money for
dog treats
hey guys see it was it great one two
three go get ding down you know what you
way shit those excuse boy
he's he's got to be like well over 20
pounds 25 days out
oh you your big boy boy so Ali
oh he's like get me off get me up now I
don't wanna bail mother Mae oh shit
Terry Cobbs this would be me at a techno
show very super awkward beat the drop
that was the most awkward thing I've
ever did on the internet maybe so
tonight I think I'm gonna do another
live show I know I keep talking about
twitch a lot today but I think I'm
freakin addicted to it I never thought
in a million years that would actually
be addicted to something like that but
last night when we were playing and
doing it it was I had a blast that only
was able to hang out with you guys and
do a live show which I severely miss
doing but I got to play a video game and
what I'm gonna try to do is I'm gonna
try to do one every single day before
tour because a it's a lot of fun and be
I want to be the game and see towards
coming up literally in a month I leave I
think the 14th or 15th for a rehearsal
in Nashville so I want to try to get as
much done as possible because once I'm
on you guys know what Sam on tour it's
very hard to do things like that so I
want to try to get as much in as
possible so make sure to pay attention
to CTFxC live.com and if you're not
following me on Twitch go do it right
now and that way you get notifications I
think it's a little bit better than the
other sites that I've been using in the
past so go do that right now if you
don't have an account please make an
account go do that follow it and you're
getting notifications I know it is a
video game site which is you know like
what I always thought it was but they're
moving into the whole live show realm so
they're able to do things like that I
don't know this is something you guys
have been asking a lot for us to do
again and I miss it and the cool thing
is not only can I do the games but I
think what caused me versus you gaming
kind of just because of timing and the
time it takes to edit those things we
haven't had time to do those anymore but
I think what we can do is maybe doing
just live
that would be actually kind of cool so
make sure you go over there now and I
promise I'll try to stop talking about
it now because I don't want to be
annoying I'm just excited I get excited
about things that I just ramble about
and talk about himself I promise I will
try to I will try to stop talking about
him Oh Lord this puppy is just loving
life right now well we are at a halt and
there is an ambulance and a firetruck
about 100 feet ahead of us
maybe so Melissa and I are actually on
our way to the mall to get some stuff
done today we're having a sister down oh
man oh oh my god the car flipped I'm
sorry for the drunk dramatic holy crap
everybody looks like they're out of it
okay everybody looks safe I'm sorry I
got so dramatic but I have not seen a
car flipped over here and I really know
better
okay I really
that was really fury was really mad you
Oh scary scary accent
how does that even happen tell me
but it didn't look like everybody was
out of car and everybody was fine so
that's a plus and the fact that the
ambulance was still on scene that means
everybody's okay they're not rushing to
it that's why I was there to call my
nurse today I think it turns out I do
dude stuff we're gonna do girl stuff
yeah take that in as you can probably
tell Ally's with Melissa right now so
I'm going back home I think I want to go
play with the pups a little bit I like
spending as much time with the pups
before tour as possible
just do I know how sad they all get by
the way do you guys like this new setup
for driving I know you guys have always
yelled at me for doing that and I know
you guys yell at all vloggers that do it
because I until I got this thing I
always thought it was stupid to have one
of these things just because I'm
stubborn and I've been doing it for like
seven or eight years and everyone hates
changed so I didn't want to do it didn't
want to change but now that I had this
little tripod thing it's so awesome and
it's so much safer
eyes on the road and especially since
I'm essentially new to driving again
which has been putting me in such an
awesome mood this is actually a demo
from Louie the King album from
Strangelove or is it from the new on
you listen to this shit I don't know if
you guys are supposed to be listening to
that song do you guys want to hear a
little glimpse into one of the new songs
just just don't don't tell anyone I'm
doing this I just want to I want to show
you guys so you guys can get stoked for
the tour and if you get stoked for the
new album
all rights all you get and I only wanted
to show you guys that much because I
want you guys to get stoked I am so
stoked for this how many times can I say
stuff I am so excited for this new album
and the tour in general okay where am I
I was fucking it was to see if I can
finally at home God's gift to women DSW
oh and did you see the stylish car that
melissa is sporting right now it's her
cherry red Ford Focus oh there you go
girl that's how you sell a Ford right
there word on the street according to
Melissa is that do deserve back I
actually kind of knew that a little bit
yeah a little bit are the young uns are
wearing them now and I'm back and then
I'm like whoa that's the thing again
it's the thing again apparently I have
to turn because there's some really cool
shoes that I want to turn and look at
them nervous
whenever you're ready Melissa I'm very
excited
yes Rosie I'll date what I'm saying I'm
gonna buy those for you and you're gonna
have to wear them and you know what it
looks like they may have sold a few so
I'm kind of I'm weirdly impressed I mean
we should get matching one you should
call the Rose they all day our French
like instead of friendship bracelets
they can be friendships princess use it
sour wine drink and choose see I don't
like to do this but I want to recreate
how awesome this was I picked up this
bottle I don't know if I'm gonna be able
to do it again picked it up and threw it
in the recycling had to recreate it
because I didn't think that would ever
happen again
with the back like this alright Melissa
here you go these are for you
Miami Beach okay is this a new trend and
we are just now catching on to it
oh crap where are you going this weekend
oh yeah oh yeah hold the grass I don't
know do people actually buy that I mean
is that is that a cool thing I could be
definitely choose great if you want and
alright whatever you want I'm gonna
start a business
Etsy I'm coming for you I'm gonna put
cheese and I'm gonna put slogans all
over them so I've brought Melissa to
lush and she's getting the whole lush
experience right now
mmm oh I like that actually
it's million nine
in the back get him back okay right in
the back
Quebec here one for right there's kind
of a victory for me right now the only
way that I could ever go to this awesome
Park was either uber but then I became
like pointless because the only time I
ever wanted to come to this park was it
take two twerps for a walk but now I'm
able to get back to the whole situation
they back into the early vlogs where
like if I ever wanted to go to the dog
park like specifically I don't know if
you guys remember the one in Sarasota
the one where Marley would always go in
the tree she would literally climb up
into a tree similar to that right there
and chase squirrels I think I actually
have a photo but I turned around I
couldn't find Marley and I look up and
literally she's been a tree
but was back in the early days of the
vlogs before all the shit happened to my
life and it was kind of nice I could
just pick up the pups and just go to the
park but up until last couple days I
would always have to rely on Ali which
is fine because I know she always like
to come to the park the run put at the
same time you know it's just you have to
rely on everybody so it's kind of nice
that I can just do this again cup of
coffee because we're cold so we have our
coffee to keep us warm did that duck
almost see you everything's scaring
everybody right now just decided to stop
and the scariest part of the entire
place on this bench look at the water
diesel diesel you those mats it's a good
boy you're the weird one what are you
doing am i taking it off not taking it
off let's go home get home okay everyone
good peeking around everyone good okay
let's go
haven't done that a while huh
that makes me happy and then Marley's
probably not enough the window no
and diesel with his bad breath in the
Senate thank you
actually he's sucking up all the cold
air right now you gonna come out of your
bed
can't hear Charles he's upstairs playing
or he's upstairs on Twitch right now I
believe playing a games still but as you
can see I'm obviously home I had smelly
toes do I smell it obviously you can see
that lush has captured my wallet that's
why I have this blue mask on my face but
I'm very happy with it I had an amazing
day though with Melissa I had to tell
you that she is one of the most amazing
human beings I've ever known in my
entire life and I feel so blessed to
have her in my life and I'm she's
already my sister but I can't wait for
her to quote-unquote officially be my
sister but and she already is officially
my sister but it was a really nice day
to kind of hang out with her talk about
life about just happiness talk about
things that have been going on and just
really connecting I think it's so
important every once in a while to do
that to get with your girlfriends or get
with your guys I don't know guys
necessarily do this but to get with some
of your closest friends and really catch
up and talk about everything you know
let out the good moments let out the bad
moments just really release and just
being the company of good people and we
did just that today and it was so
wonderful good night hope you guys
enjoyed today's video please click that
like button and today's question of the
day this is we're talking about video
games earlier I want you guys to tell me
your favorite all-time video game
doesn't matter if it's like doom
Wolfenstein you know Castlevania you get
the idea Mario just let me know in the
comments and I will see you guys from
Rose doors have a great night guys
