it's time Zoe it is time let's go you
two
time to go
so I'm definitely loving this new camera
mad that we have for the car it's pretty
amazing especially with driving I just
got done picking up some medication for
diesel from his wonderful allergies that
are just the most delightful thing in
the world I feel so bad for the dogs
because I can't imagine being so
irritated to the point that I one
couldn't tell anybody in two just could
not stop scratching myself it would
drive me crazy so I feel so bad for them
but I get his medication I know they're
all getting baths right now I'm going to
stop by my mom's house because she has a
pretty bad cold and I've got some soup
and some medicine and different things
like that for her tonight is my friend
Delilah's birthday and we are going to
be going to a concert it's like a DJ
kind of concert thing called Keys and
great so I'm going to be going to that
tonight I can't remember what I did was
I drink I had so many things my hands
and then we put some stuff in the I
would put some stuff in the recycling so
Ali has to go dig through the trash and
make sure I didn't do it nope looks like
I'm not that big of an idiot just big
enough to know where my drink is I just
had it in the door you know maybe I
didn't bring it out you know maybe it's
sitting on the counter I'm gonna go in
look yeah there it is thank you Mark
where's diesel this is nothing you can
drink I'd be good guys we got to go find
some stuff for the wedding
some ties and stuff Christmas tree Greg
Martin is still out though that montage
I did of Christmas trees yes still there
they're still there
look mom no hands we're in 110 miles an
hour
I'm very nervous about him driving why I
love it one I know you love it but that
doesn't mean okay this is no joke
Charles just got his finger caught in
the cap and pinched himself oh yeah you
can see the mark right that's
straight straight and then you're gonna
take a left on to the road up there see
anything we have I do I tried to using
it today it's actually afraid I'm cool
so what it is it's kind of like a weight
it's really really heavy and it's pretty
amazing I'm not even gonna lie there
needs to have one of these and they
drive yeah that's really cool otherwise
it's irresponsible
hashtag Charles Trippy said it are you
okay you're like strangely excited today
I'll play video games yesterday for the
first time in the years and it was so
much fun actually
is that why you're so crazy excited
today because it was the first time in a
long time I get to have time off or time
to myself no I mean like you're making
it sound like you're never a good time
oh no no I mean like in the sense of
like I love the daily videos but it's
kind of like a change yeah it's like the
daily videos are always is me talking to
a camera yeah but with that it's like
interaction yeah you're like you're
really hanging out it was like all my
friends yeah you do have friends just
kidding
you are so weird today highs and low
tides and loose I have friends guys but
guys we're heading to Tampa I got some
we got some shenanigans to do if you
guys have noticed like I washed my hair
today that's why I'm not wearing a hat I
know a lot of people always comment and
climbing section like Ali always wears
her high neck sports bras for black tank
tops yoga pants and her black cats I
have a lot of black yoga pants they have
a lot of black high high neck sports
bras I have a lot of black shirts and I
have a lot of black hats and it's just
comfortable I gotta say what's wrong
with yoga pants they look hot on girls
that's very - I don't have a JLo but but
I'm trying to get yeah but Duty like a
quarter of the way there because I don't
think I'll ever have a de Lobo but I'm
gonna like try and get like a quarter of
the way there but it's just comfortable
when you don't have to dress up it's
real nice see they have miracle Grover
butts implants yes they do right I guess
that's true right like I just realized
that you are my chauffeur now so I say
chauffeur well your hat uh take me to
the left-hand side of the building all
right Dockyard and uh I would like for
you to carry me after this seat
chop-chop don't ton you don't do that I
mean that's rat that's in the
acceleration of ego
I'm conquering an irrational fear of
mine
I hate driving over bridges yeah I don't
like bridges I didn't like elevators as
a kid like I I would scream and frickin
yell that would make such a tantrum my
mom would you I think my mom wanted to
kill me I hated elevators that much but
now it's funny going teru teru which is
a ride based on elevators
a pelican this freakin dive-bomb they
don't all right here well there's a lot
of fish around here oh we get this and
then I have the cranberry thing and then
I could look like Easter I love that
I don't know Internet can you help us
out did you see anything anything in
particular that strikes your fancy this
is kind of cool
simple I don't know I like the darker
blacks and the charcoals
but we'll just this this well I don't
like that guy likes skinny ties of a
skinny tie kind of guy
see bowties I think they're just like
risky because if anyone's like me it has
a big head watch watch what happens how
many people have big it looks just like
you know like an end of a balloon
it looks like you tied up a lure 9
that's what it looks like man doesn't we
may be leaving with one of these honey
I'm looking at that lemon one the mango
one over there
that fake shiny stuff
I want the proof red velvet cake is this
it's a lie red velvet Pilar white cake
like who died I thought it you know what
that is that looks amazing
great crazy carrot cheesecake do it
Craig's crazy crazy crazy birthday
cheesecake Craig's crazy carrot cake you
got five times
look at that date I got over across the
table the light shines on you just
perfectly funny you're glowing like an
angel
that's crazy Mediterranean Egyptian I
know what is it exactly I know there was
something on my nerves
so ambiguous
people guessing
I like that I think it may be justified
some of the best ideas come from people
that are on something that's really true
though if you think about like juicing
Sesame Street there you go
Ren and Stimpy the doors the gray music
The Beatles Pacifica's oh God you notice
that the white fries again
the artist handed the Campbell Soup
thing I don't know actually I shouldn't
know that but I have no idea
you gotta throw it the right way yeah
the right way
come on going down come on like a
football player let's go this way so you
gotta go like this hey hey anticipate
anticipate I have the keys now so who's
getting in the car so I want to go get
some last equipment flash game for the
streaming thing I never realized how
much of like work it actually is to get
into like getting it all started I
should say I think Ali's gonna go to a
keys and crate show I think with
Savannah and what I'm gonna try to do is
I'm gonna try to go online and do a live
show and maybe play some video games
whatever one just because I know I've
got some momentum now and I know if I
pause myself no pun intended with video
games I know if I stop myself and kind
of put it off I know I'm just gonna like
forget everything I know so far that you
guys went you guys specs should have
been teaching me she's gonna go to a
concert with Savannah I'm gonna stay
back and hang out with you guys online
and see if I can do a twitch stream
basically have you guys teach me what
I'm doing but of course before I do all
that stuff I got to stretch my legs and
walk my buddies
thirteen it's Friday 13th Zoey was
actually trying to warn you and you told
her to stop no they're not fighting they
love each other she was warning you do
some stupid yes you are - Zoey you
almost sold me out bro
your sellout you scruff she's got these
she's got this leave-in conditioner
right now it's so funny it always breaks
you're so scruffy you look a scruffy dog
no they love each other yeah whoa that's
what happens on Friday the 13th you said
you talk like that all the time if you
know it's part of the 13th or if you
wait until like nine o'clock at night
and then you five out of five a
thirteenth then you catch up and you
make things scary so I just dropped Ali
off at Savannah and supposed to go to
that show and I'm trying to get back to
the house because I said it was going to
do the streaming and I took a wrong turn
go figure because I'm still trying to
figure out this whole area I went from
being seven minutes away
- now - 27 minutes away
now I remember why I don't like driving
like I've been living here for like two
and a half years or two years but when
you start driving but you really start
learning a city
and right now I'm getting a crash course
no pun intended
I'm about to go to a twisted DJ with
Savannah I'm actually hit her apartment
right now and grab some water it's messy
it's not messy
remember Savannah of course you remember
Savannah how could you forget Savannah
and yeah we're gonna go watch the DJ for
my friend to Lila's birthday and it's
gonna be a really fun night I'm super
excited I'm wearing my dragon crops you
I love it it's great I love it super
wonderful that's how we do it you know
sir you go see a DJ we put on Crocs
well Savannah puts on croc Shane it's
okay if you want to wear them I'm not
even gonna judge you
I would love a crystal I always loved
your for Jeremias watching you were
truly a critic a lady you know I got us
yes yeah her and her best friend always
would get bang that's it they go
anywhere and I probably mostly we got
and it's like a lady in like an 80s
bathing suit like a little revealing
I should Oh Savannah I was gonna ask you
bring you a mango like I know you she
look I'm like everywhere that I heard
her best funny god that's awesome one
last thing I wanted to show you guys yes
Savannah's peeing in the bathroom and
it's made out of crates and cheese in
the wood and then it looks like it's on
wheels but that is a Pinterest if I've
ever seen one and I'm super jealous that
you made that I really like it I really
really like it so cool and look it like
serves as a little storage area I think
it's super rad puddles all right I love
it I think it's so cool all right we are
out so Internet have a delightful night
I might film later on but I probably
won't go back downstairs so it actually
worked
we were able to do a twitch stream
playing watchdogs too for I guess we'll
play for a couple hours now and I do
realize
what time it is it's at 2 or 3 o'clock
in the morning I'm gonna go finish
editing this because I got severely
distracted
come on dude let's go downstairs Marley
get out that bed I will see you guys
tomorrow as always please don't forget
to subscribe and click that like button
and have a wonderful night bye guys
