good morning thank you yummy hmm what is
that all the cream cheese tasted so good
afternoon Internet horse my phone rings
hold tight
hi Kate we are gonna do something a
little bit different today um as you
guys know I am very proud of the city
that I live in very very proud of the
city that I live in I think I've made
Charles proud of the city that he now
lives in I'm getting there he's getting
there
we decided today that we are going to
show you guys a very very cool part of
CP which happens to be the artistic side
of it there are murals everywhere in st.
P so we thought let's go visit all the
murals and make this a really cool fun
day something a little bit different so
we can find them first
yeah we're gonna find them as soon as we
start going I'm trying to listen to new
against me it's regularly touring with
them and a couple
couple months couple movies we're going
downtown you excited Oh Johnny you know
I don't let LA drive anymore you know
what your arms kind of like a mural what
do I want to do on this arm long no no
internet what do you think char-char
doing his other arm though it's got like
the mumbo-jumbo well the original idea
before I started going on tour just
getting mumbo-jumbo stuff
potpourri stuff original plan before I
got all these various things was that I
was gonna get like underwater and then
outerspace
the most undiscovered things in the
world because they say space and they
say underwater
well they say underwater the sea is more
under scum undiscovered not more because
the space is infinite but just as
undiscovered as space I think there's so
many things like Marianas Trench and all
that's Thursday it's fascinating to me
because like space is obviously
never-ending obviously the ocean there
is a there's an end but there's so many
undiscovered creatures and things of
that sort uh
you never know there might actually be a
one-up pizza down there
I don't get this one
they're boring
looks are giant selfie stick
Jessica the tripod we just like like
this Oh perfect
this must have the selfie stick on it
there's cars everywhere I think
you chills there's charge be chills and
mine was I want to experience everything
before I die till experience everything
see all of those come true I like that
one see a happy world I like that one to
play roller derby it's cool
longer now right there yeah want some
food
no what somebody say we I didn't feel a
Tesla I don't want to testify I do know
but would be awesome
I know but I don't want to text like
char I can't see your arm where are you
where are you both so beautiful
he's like one of the most artsy water I
feel like it would say it is but you're
like it's one of them for Atlanta or
like that but most of its touristy yeah
I feel like st. Pete
who's honking at you babe whoo you feel
of doing that on the school bus please
see several yeah like this all the kids
would do that yeah but doing car Tesla -
it's meant to be this is actually a lot
of fun I've looked you about two years
and we see these driving around all the
time and how you're showing me how
showing you guys how ridiculous let's
look right now but it's kind of nice to
go out and venture off in your home city
because I feel there's so much in your
own city that you forget about or you
take for granted sorry I'm getting a
little weirded out by this one this
little paparazzo kind of nice to just go
out and find things or just appreciate
the things that are here for example I
know like in Orlando there's like when I
went to hang out with Danny and Travis
after you joined band a few times that
like they find these little cool like
food truck things and these things I
never thought would actually exist or do
exist there because all you think of it
like Orlando all you think about is you
Disney universal things like that you
don't think about those little fun
things 2017 is more of a travel
experience here for us that's what we
want to do you just met a wonderful lady
a name is Chrissy her kids watch our
videos but she was super freaking guy I
really like really nice we walked by
their company and she like have a peeped
around the corner and she goes I know
you got super nice yeah she comes out
she reminded me of like a little kid on
Christmas morning it was really cute
Jackson look like you're gonna fart
scratching my back I cannot you you want
help you you got an itch you can't
scratch you want it you got an itch you
can't scratch yeah my grandfather did
mind you my grandfather was awesome and
I wish he was in the vlogs back in the
day every time he had an itch
just go like this and you describe just
this is Sicilian man and we're just
staring go against walls and bitches
back like a bear he's the fun kind of
spending in the world I'm pretty sure I
can find some old videos in fact I do
yep that was my grandfather
so Charles has dropped his glasses and
typically I'm the one who says this
phrase Charles tell everyone when phrase
you just son of AB or laughing because
you don't usually say those things like
yeah that looks
and mine looks so good - I love this
place we're at this place called the
burg Bar and Grill which is really cool
restaurants I tend to bring you to all
the time you like though I do I bring
you to like two places the Avenue and
the bird that's pretty much very simple
we bring every single person that comes
like Sophie every time so if it comes to
hang out we take him to the Abbey
I hate being uncomfortably full well you
didn't eat your entire meal that already
come it was delivered cool so what we
got is this cool little like safety
things so that Ali and Ali and I
whatever we're traveling please just put
the camera right here and we don't have
the holder they're doing oh that you're
like right here where babe where where
okay thanks all right let's get out of
here
so that's couple days I've had a lot of
you guys trying to explain how twitch
works and try to figure everything out
and we've been triangle with my computer
and I know a lot of people every time I
go it was like a game works I was
playing the game I was playing half-life
I played like three or four levels I
played for like 45 minutes I think what
ends up happening is once OBS is open as
well things start happening so if I keep
doing this twitch stuff if you guys like
it if enough people like it and want to
come and watch it and hang out I will
consider buying a PC which I know you
never thought that would ever come out
of my mouth I want to try something new
this year in 2017 and I'm trying to do
things that I'm not really comfortable
with if that makes any sense it's none
of my comfortable live shows I've been
doing live shows since I've been doing
like daily videos in fact the CTFxC name
came out of a live show but I've always
been very like kind of scared or if he
or I don't know just I'd say scared or
uncomfortable with like kind of jumping
in with a whole a gaming situation
because I suck at video games like it's
comically bad how bad I am and what's
nice is I don't have to just play video
games I can just do you know live shows
like a normal live show social we went
on tour I want to kind of do more stuff
like that because that's well 2017 is
what I want to do things not normally
doing which is daily videos and things
like that because I wanted to kind of do
something new if you guys do not have a
twitch account make one and then go
follow twist TV slash Charles Trippy and
I'm gonna try to do some more live shows
we'll do some video games we'll do some
other games cuz look at this I got to
show you guys this no joke I don't think
the other day we have boxes and boxes of
hoodies that we never sold these are
just kind of like ones we got sent to
the house and I wanted to do contests
with them so literally boxes and then
it's not like kidding there's more about
there's things over here yep we're there
bags and bags and bags or more hoodies I
want to kind of do these live shows to
where it can do contests live and do
kind of like what are you always used to
do but with that being said I just want
to let you guys know please go make an
account twitch.tv slash Charles Trippy
go follows
subscribe that channel make sure the
notifications are alive and we can do
more of these live shows also you can
see how bad I suck at video games Alec
came up was a really good idea what was
the name of the the segment we can call
it which is true so go check it out guys
I'm gonna go see if I can play for a
little bit right now and see if I can
get this thing working but actually can
they say it yep
you saw the whole behind-the-scenes
everybody they can turn up the new
tripod right now so I was doing the live
show and I realized I was doing
everything wrong cuz the microphone was
screwing up so I'm doing a Walmart run
right now to see if I can get something
I'm gonna do a live show Wow like an
Instagram live show while I'm there so
that way I can actually see what to get
it's not so much I don't know what I'm
doing it's that I've haven't done it so
long that there's so many things that
I've changed I'm just trying to figure
out what to do so I need some guidance I
guess and maybe get a new game or
something cuz I've been playing video
games in a while so it might be kind of
fun
I like this new tripod though I hated
like vlogging with my hands so this is
kind of nice actually I have something
like this so just sit there on my
dashboard okay so everyone in the chat
is helping me pick a game so thank you
guys wanna say hi
everyone to say hi
those little hearts go everyone's
telling me to go get overwatch uncharted
see somebody told me Far Cry 4 is really
good actually Jocelyn told me that was
really good
and they're telling me that over watches
so I was just in line for part of the
longest freakin time and I'm obviously
I'm still live with everybody and it was
so funny this guy these people know this
guy was basically buying all of Walmart
and we were there for like I think Wow
long was it like 20 minutes not even
exaggerating probably 15 20 minutes and
he left like okay the plunger underneath
his cart and hit toilet paper all over
inside the cart and I was I didn't say
anything was just like showing them the
on the camera feed and it was so funny
everyone in the freaking comments were
freaking great they were going you guys
will go nuts about the guy almost
stealing the plunger in the last minute
he paid for the plunger internet gold
come on dude let's go to bed okay come
on you got this already the first step
is always a scary one then you got this
okay come on let's go to bed you got
this all right guys I'm exhausted no
we're not going back and playing for
video games I think Zoey's liking the
back door upstairs a lot more hope you
enjoyed today's video please don't
forget to click to subscribe
it was really nice to just be able to go
and just kind of like look around st.
Petersburg in different ways and I've
never got to actually see it usually you
know you drive past these things like
they're all walls of buildings they kind
of look like they're run down wait
please click like because now they
spending a long time coming up and
editing this this whole video you just
watched so hope you guys liked it good
girls oh and we will see you guys
tomorrow
have a great day
