you comfortable over there just chillin
zel you stuck okay get out
should make it out alive my lord I
thought we lost you forever so good
afternoon Internet I am going to try and
Mail off the last few wedding invites
cuz we were waiting on addresses for a
lot of people because a lot of our
friends since we started sending them
out have moved from the previous address
that they gave us to a new address so
obviously we don't want to be sending
anything to their old address so I'm
sending off the last few of those I got
my clothing it's really good it's like a
cascara latte and char is actually at
home on his twitch channel for those of
you who are not familiar I definitely
recommend that you go check that out
we'll put the link right here so that
you guys can see it on the screen and
you guys can go check him out but he is
he is going to try and get into that a
little bit more to see if that's
something that maybe you guys like he's
trying to find something a little bit
different this year that's gonna
challenge him and kind of bring in new
members of the family so that's what
he's doing right now I I'm kind of like
I told you yesterday in that work mode I
asked to get a few things for the
wedding that we are doing ourselves I am
along with my mom doing like our table
runners for the middle of our long
tables and it's something that instead
of renting I have found out that I can
buy and make it for half the price
so Ali and I are gonna try to do a
little bit of yoga or exercising by the
water by we I mean I'm just gonna watch
Ali do it because I don't have the
patience the thing is with that when I
exercise I have to be going somewhere
like if I do something stationary that's
why I hate the gym so much an alligator
no it's not okay that's why I hate the
gym so much like where the bikes you
know you're just biking and running in
the same place like I do so much better
if I was running around this whole place
versus running three miles in the same
non-moving area it's don't feel
productive that makes any sense rather
get on a bike and just bike somewhere
after workout there's my fun dear god I
don't know what this is a great idea
okay that was impressive honey that's
okay not maybe you can do that Charles
oh my god I cut that on I got it but
that still terrifies me because I don't
want you to hurt yourself please don't
try this at home guys my god you're
gonna hit your toe and then break it
okay that's good you're good that's
enough that's what we got a first try
that was Charles oh my god that was
really impressive okay about the visit
sign of you dropped yeah not to send it
yeah oh yeah well that's good that's
good there babe I'm pretty impressive
myself yeah it's all that working out
all that working right
I love how those guys totally hitting on
this girl with this trike bike what kind
of bike is that what about it yeah
that's awesome well now that I'm in the
passenger seat yes the beautiful
passenger seat and this van is driving
one big reason why I haven't been
driving my car in particular is because
one I have been wanting to sell it and
get a different car because now
financially I have been saving up money
and I just it's time you know if he's
gonna be driving more obviously we got a
little char drive his car and I need ya
we need two cords my car has just been
having some issues
and it's a great car don't get me wrong
I love it but it's a hatchback but I
think that I want to try and find
something a little bit different I'm not
saying I'm gonna get a new car because
I'm not a hundred percent sure but new
year let's go look I'm doing a lot of
traveling this year so I definitely want
something that's gonna get me from point
A to point B so comfortable and
comfortable and can fit dogs and get
myself here's a question for the
Internet it's a smarter nowadays to
lease a car or is it smarter to buy a
car because if I think I can't figure
out if it's part of the lease you know
I'm not really sure I have had actually
I've had friends in the past at least
almost every single car that they've
ever owned this is if you're like kind
of like finicky like if you want to get
a car like here but I decided that I'm
gonna go ahead and go look and just see
if there's anything that maybe catches
my fancy I don't know we'll go from
there we're not really sure yet but
we're gonna go check out some cars right
now right now we're kind of in a
decision if we want to get Ali another
hatchback or if we should get like a
sedan or we should get like something
similar if you guys been watching our
videos for a long time I used to have a
Santa Fe that was very similar to that
and I loved it I honestly loved it so
much right now we're on Nissan's we're
checking out the Nissan
this is kind of nice it's more low low
profile
that's a 2013 that's the other thing is
we don't know if we want to get like a
pre-owned or a brand-new
a lot of prions are actually really
really good
now I think you need to do the leather
especially with the pups I love how
you're looking inside it looks so shady
this right here is so cool to me like
thinking about like cars now can go like
over 100 miles gallon
oh that's obviously hybrid obviously
yeah it's cool
I like that fine unfortunately gets like
2023 winning Linux
yeah well not on the pre-owned
unfortunately that's the 2017 nevermind
or we go minivan those things are so
fast if you're ever on the road if you
ever noticed minivans are the ones
porting around versus a lot of sports
cars sporting around going like speeding
around I should say we're kind of
thinking obviously when we have kids
down the road like we're trying to think
practicality because we're probably
gonna have the same car so we have an
SUV
you know the BMW so we're trying to
think if maybe we should get like a like
a sedan or a car version or if we should
kind of get two SUVs we really like the
type of people that think way ahead in
the future like for practicality we get
your truck bed give you a truck so you
don't want to get a truck bed because
then all of a sudden you are now the
person everyone calls to help move their
house that man does ride them
all the time we have meandered over to
the Hyundai's and for those of you who
do not know this Charles who's to have a
Hyundai Santa BAE and he loved that car
he swears by it it was like his favorite
thing in the entire
I like coming here took him out why not
I've had a nice limb before and I've got
a Honda before and I'm just checking out
my options I'm seeing what I could find
if you're wondering what this is this is
the band meeting right now for the new
tour that's coming up in February so we
keep coming back to the same one right
here is it a Tucson / Santa Fe a tuckson
I like calling it a Texan back in the
day when I bought the BMW I kept wanting
to get the white I just I don't know it
just seems so much sleeker I know it
gets dirty faster just one color yeah I
like it I like that and then you get the
blackout tints or dark tents at least
and it just looks cool does that look at
the wheels the wheels are big and
everything - yeah this is the one I
think we like the most
the wheels are killer is it the same
thing as the front it's the same thing
it's the same car
I know it's it's kind of one of those
things where it just becomes just like
obnoxious talking about earlier like
just because I have the means to do it
doesn't mean we should do it we should
get a Lambo
we gotta trade in my car trade your car
get a Lambo how about a Bentley I'll get
a Bentley no I I you know I really want
like a
let's get you an old car see the thing
is though with cars they're like the
most my opinion the dumbest investment
than you possibly can do because it just
appreciates the second you get the the
car it just appreciates that the second
you get it off that lot how about blue
blue just looks kind of like a boy blues
the color that every time I see it looks
like I thought there's a blue right
there and it's a PT Cruiser so it looks
even more like a toy saying prayers in
the streetlight
oh my god I found the car
yes yes this is it this is a winner and
it's got good mileage and recently place
oh my god sunroof dead I know exactly
where her carcass I feel like I remember
in high school every blonde girl in high
school as the stereotyping always had a
Honda Civic I found your car though you
ready for it yeah
honey no surprise I already bought it
this is too fast too furious right here
you sure you don't want this green with
them I didn't realize that this was
already unlocked yesterday I forgot I
forgot when I bought the car it SOS a
lady comes on the phone or dude comes on
the phone or whatever it says what's
your emergency what's going on and yeah
didn't work so actually very comfortable
yeah see that's the thing it's beep it's
gonna be all be really honest it's weird
sitting this love you might let you
drive if you want cuz even my fits
higher yeah and you've been like driving
me around in the BMW and that's super
high driving the Beemer I've noticed how
much of a pickup that thing has oh my
gosh it's terrifying I'm so used to the
golf cart in the golf cart I have to go
like that and it barely goes 20 miles an
hour I like it because I can just sit
here on the gangster lean I don't want
them yes I mean it's totally you think
that if I'm gonna put the money into the
car we got to get something you want no
how many bodies gonna be put in the car
how about the trunk how many bodies
gonna fit in the trunk I'm telling you
the back seat sir you're gonna be
driving me in the back seat is it nice
is being an uber driver I love those
turn signal lights oh yeah use your
ma'am I'd like to go to Best Buy please
I'm in a hurry too so I have to get
there in the next five minutes
now I hit the turn signal that's what's
in that camera that's so cool feeling
good and we could probably put like
three bodies in the trunk like I think
he says as long as it's not your size we
could fit three bodies okay perfect I
mean we don't need to do that forever
this will be my favorite thing in the
world
especially with Zoey's ice demon eyes
I'm so focused here we go they ended up
and for Marley I'm giving you something
special here y'all you stick your nose
into that hey good what do you want to
do with it
and she's off I don't want anyone to
worry I know peanut butter like the
process peanut butter is bad for dogs
this is the all-natural what was the
mono glutamate or whatever the heck it
is there's no way in hell I would give
that to my dogs or eat it myself well
this one has is just peanuts in it just
peanuts and olive oil or something like
that so it's like all-natural okay let
me see what it is I see it some peanut
butter for my sandwich it peanuts salt
and molasses and vegetable oil there you
go that's supposed to eat the thing
stick your nose in it stick he knows it
think he knows it
you I got an idea Mar so you're not like
having to do smart she is I don't give
you enough credit there dog I don't know
if you guys noticed lately I've been
rolling upstairs a lot more because I
realized that we don't ever use it and
playing a lot more pinball after
yesterday if you didn't see yesterday's
meeting at the end I totally did the
three of wait three turns to the three
then turns into like five ball thing
when it gets on the couch so it's
actually really proud of myself hope you
guys enjoyed today's video if you guys
have any like recommendations of cars
nowadays please let us know and then
we'll actually go look into it probably
the question of the day guys I want you
guys to tell me in the comments if you
could we means possible have whatever
car didn't didn't matter price but you
had it what car would it be or what kind
of vehicle would it be like would it be
a super motorcycle or be a Lamborghini
wouldn't it Bentley let me know in the
comments actually what's the most
expensive car with every pretty
interesting sorry whistling I almost
lost my balls please don't forget to
click that like button down there and we
will see you guys tomorrow always bye
guys see yes okay night
