vibrates if I'm lucky sunny I felt it
under my bum well yep how does it feel
for you
we are back in Florida it's 68 degrees
and I've never felt better
it's a little dramatic but it's it's
very very true because it was cold as
in North Carolina it was beautiful I
loved it layers are important but I'm
not gonna miss the icy roads and I'm not
gonna miss my toes feeling like they're
gonna fall off but it was still amazing
and I'm so glad that we actually took
that a really crazy spontaneous trip I
started off my afternoon with a run
which is good because I told you that I
was severely slacking on my exercise
routine after Christmas even before
Christmas when you gotta fit into a
wedding dress you got to be really
cautious and you gotta you gotta take
care of yourself so I'm doing just that
today I gotta finish up invites get the
rest of those out I don't know about you
guys but when I get off of vacation of
relaxing I do feel like I need to do
something super productive productive
the day or two after I get back why I
don't know most people hate the fact
that they have to do something
productive the day or two after they get
back from vacation this year I want to
be super productive and this year I want
to get a ton of things done and I have
so many projects that I've been working
on and I just I put them all on hold and
I can't do that anymore I can't do that
anymore for myself I can't do that
anymore
just in general these guys are really
happy though cuz you're like man I don't
have to be cold anymore
even though I left the snow did you love
the snow we say fun and I know you had
fun but you're like you know what I
don't like to be cold mom I just I just
don't like it I like my warm bed did you
like the snow did you like the snow yeah
but you're like I'm a flirt a dog come
on pop all right
bundle it up put a lid on this is really
exciting guys sorry it's like we're
getting used to the cameras up this is
really exciting you ready for this I get
to drive for the first time in a long
time I think 2012 it's getting colder
there that's knowing we had 2012 last
time I think I drove I got the keys in
my book I just don't have those January
feels like Ali does cuz I love the purse
oh wait you're right I got so used to it
wait no it's auto load lock see all you
gotta do is walk up to it this is all
new to me you ready
seatbelts actually right here safe oh
that's not right thumb button oh yeah I
get it was the Kevin Hart thing go
we got turn on the car wait break oh my
gosh Charles ready wait good to go
all right
memory - memory - you're remembering one
Gary how do you actually do this part
I've actually driven this car this is
what's actually kind of crazy for me go
go do some some tail whips maybe some
drifting go drift politely decline you
sure yeah I think so babe you know
what's gonna be interesting is I've
never driven around this whole
neighborhood so I have no idea where
things are yes you have your you've been
on your golf cart
yeah the radius of like a few miles yeah
but you've driven with me so I think you
have a pretty good idea of where we're
at so just stood driving a car hey Siri
how am i doing I can't answer that on
your iPhone but you can find it in the
health app all right go straight play
queen we are the champions we are the
champions my friend worried that I'm
driving yeah oh it is a little weird
kind of a control freak about driving
not really you can do a freak but it's
just I always had to do it it is a
little weird being in the passenger's
seat I'm not I'm gonna lie you do have
to get the right lane note to get where
we need to go there
it's weird it's exciting though it's
definitely exciting to have somebody
Drive you that's not an uber driver
we're doing really good you know what I
gotta figure out what what though I know
the windshield wipers this yeah you'll
get it you'll figure it out
it's not frozen honey you gotta you
gotta make sure you stay in the lane
absolutely you were on the bumpy's who
were you're on the bumpy's vibrates if
I'm on the bumpy's honey I felt it under
my bum your bum yep how does it feel for
you that's exciting you know I think it
really helped the fact that I I drove
the golf cart all over otherwise I'd
literally never driven anything
oh right lane vehicular righthand yep
you know otherwise I would not have
driven anything radicular and four years
and I think I'm really excited for you
to be able to do this I got to figure
out the speed limit come Soyuz on the
golf cart so this floor you know baton
is I believe
35 or 40 so I stay generally it's under
40 game Sarasota I know the back of my
hand what I think it is because the golf
cart maxes out at 20 something so I just
would floor it everywhere
yeah and you know I just realized is
that those you always drive with me so
it's like you don't pay attention to
those things
oh no when you're being driven and
you're not the one who's like
you don't really pay attention to like
you look a little nervous very nervous a
little nervous what makes you nervous I
think it's just the fact now do you
think other than like if I know I'm okay
but I think the only thing makes me I
wouldn't do this if I was not okay if
the doctors didn't it's just been a
really long time it's been a long time
it's kind of like relearning something
we need to be right yes it is i think
i'm overusing my currency no actually
i'm not overusing i'm just using it no
that's good most Floridians don't use it
so you're doing the great thing you know
it's really nice is that it pick you up
in like 45 minutes or an hour okay I
love you let me tip by set timer for 45
minutes - I knew it
actually I need to go here so I'm just
gonna park I can't do it I'll see a
little bit I love you how do you that's
great you did good you did really get
excited you did good back at the wheel
do any of you guys well into the
category
so while Ally's have an appointment my
mission is I have myself in the face I
have to send out the rest of the invites
or the remaining ones like it's the same
thing but I still get the drive so I'm
just you guys have no idea how much this
really kind of means to me how excited I
am
it's just I forgot how fun driving is
but I can I can almost guarantee that
after a while I'm gonna be driving all
the time now that you know how I can
kind of have some time off I can just
see it I'm just gonna be like this
you search drive it again but in the
meantime this is gonna be fun every time
I feel like I want to say something to
guys rather than doing what I used to do
and like vlog with my hands I am NOT
gonna be doing that if anything I will
be having a dashboard mount so I can
just have it like this and talk to you
guys I think by the way I'm pulled over
in a parking lot so don't worry I'm
waiting for Ally and then I'm gonna like
start I think right now I'm gonna drive
around just
kind of get the feel of it I got I don't
know what to say guys right now give me
a parking look they might be talking for
a little bit right now I feel this sense
of freedom that I haven't been able to
feel in a long long time I've been able
to slowly 2017 is becoming my year I've
slowly been able to get things back to
normal
the next step is coffee I don't know
because when I had that beer on New
Year's Eve I don't know if I want to
walk coffee anymore because I had that
beer it was disgusting I forgot how
gross it is so I don't know it's not
going to stop it I don't know actually
that means I have to go pick up Alec
doesn't it I don't know if I'm going to
want to drink coffee anymore
even though that was my thing like
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee have
some coffee then try again
fresh pot this was a coffee coffee this
is the coffee floor believe it or not
I've had zero caffeine yeah I'm gonna go
get caffeine but that's a different
story but right now I'm just enjoying
the fact that I'm behind the wheel again
because this feeling is amazing because
when I bought this car everything
started happening I think maybe like
four days after so legit I think I drove
this car one time to Publix to the
grocery store and then that was the
entire time having this car I've sat
over here but I'm here I'm behind the
wheel and I'm driving it's so much fun
the golf cart is amazing
this is way better way way better what's
really really nice is that Allie can
have a break now she doesn't have to
drive every time and that's really
important to me because she's really
really kind of stepped up in this whole
situation
and it really means a lot that not only
does she do that she didn't have to do
that kind of stuff and she just wanted
to do it and she decided she was gonna
do it an amazing saying that's why she's
such an amazing woman and I think now
that I can kind of marry pay her but now
I'll be able to like do something for
her
now that so she can relax a little bit
because she has so much on her plate oh
you guys wanna see something really cool
can do that it's these little things are
coming back now and I know people who
drive you know it becomes like a jaded
situation but when you can't do
something for a long long period of time
the little things coming back are like a
victory it's like a victory it is a
victory and then when I pick a Bali we
got to clean this car because I think
there's probably salt all up in the all
up in its grill I don't know guys this
feeling right now is it's probably
sounds stupid I'm saying the same thing
over again but I just I feel so good
right now and I just feel so happy I'm
trying not to tear up because it just
looks stupid but it's it's so amazing
I'm just soaking happy got a little pick
up the girl just do this please don't
make fun of me oh you know what the big
fun of me what do you want Alison to
play we the kings what songs look we
became what we the king song is it gonna
be I just keep breathing
health appropriate Asakusa
version
this was actually the song God is be so
 emotional this was actually the
song when
two trailers
when I was going through the surgery and
all that stuff
I was literally listening to my own band
oh god this sucks you Travis and your
ability to record songs speaking of
which I hope to see you guys on tour
which is coming up very soon so please
go get your tickets I am so excited to
see you guys I want to fish pump all you
guys because this is gonna be out of
here also something really cool just
happened and will be coming in the mail
very soon we the kings Strangelove hit
gold so we have a gold record coming
which is unbelievable
let's change angles so we're not looking
at the same thing over again sorry the
cinematic art scene is in myself I don't
know it's just so many things happened
in my life that have been cheap because
there's been a lot I mean we've gone
through a lot I mean I don't even need
to say all the things because a lot of
you guys have been watching these videos
for a very long time have seen you know
ups ups ups ups and then Downton sounds
down downs within probably a span of I
mean we've been doing this what nine
years going on nine years it's a long
time if you really think about the last
nine years of your life and think pretty
much all my 20s have been documented but
I mean it's like you just pause this
video right now just think the last nine
years of your personal life of the
things that have gone up like what has
happened in your life it's crazy if you
think about how much change has happened
just in your life alone and then when I
do that and I think about how much
change has happened in my life it blows
my mind that it's all online and it's
all done chaired that I'm turning this
off and I'm gonna smack Travis later you
know what play a little upbeat song oh
by the way - I don't know if you guys
knew this on this new tour we the kings
actually playing the first album front
the back I don't know if you guys knew
that
called Phoenix hearts this was on a
somewhere somehow in what I have
tattooed my first album would be the
Kings alright I have been handwriting
all these invites every single one I've
been are you need down addresses names
everything and things started to get a
little bit blurry and apparently Jesse
sent us a picture I sent to his address
someone else's name for the image does
that make sense so I had someone else's
name his address their invites Oh today
I have a little coffee in me I have a
little food in me I went for a run I
feel calm I'm gonna knock this out and
hopefully I don't make that mistake
again
and I'm really hoping I didn't make that
multiple times first day driving I'm
already rescuing people Lewis's card you
locked your keys in the card in yeah
he's the dog now he's not a puppy
no that's a that's a that's a dog net
hey okay I'll get look hey feds want to
see my puppy
Dolly's a janitor in their spare time
Finley fits even jump I saw him jump oh
look at him go
does a dog that is a dog
hey I don't want to alarm you but
somebody's breaking in the car
Melissa's low keyless entry over here
isn't working so we had to come rescue
her and make sure she got into our car
okay and this gentleman over here is
currently helping break into it oh I'm
sure it was where I took him the phrase
first car wash do you like it he was
freaked out by Joey Marley know things
about everything I know
it's like the things you would think you
would doesn't but everything else he
does he's terrified of do you think we
should get a landline that was it does
Charlie Johnson
yeah he's this
Oh Charlies calling everyone oh wait no
here's John Smith I always heard of John
Smith but I know Charlie Johnson was
like no I think it's new private people
are so old ginger I wish I would do like
Barbra Streisand
I always trying to show me all the stuff
in the car and took a little waggy tail
back then and would shield wipers keep
going off while these goes I'm still
learning everything I'm figuring out
more settings I've made that a little
bit brighter I've made this a little bit
brighter so I could see behind me I know
this sounds stupid but I'm figuring out
all these little things I'm setting this
thing up I mean you're pretty awesome
yeah exactly you wanna see how you the
internet how to use applications
yeah next we're gonna try and do my my
help my mom that won't be thrown over
that Apple Apple screwed up for me today
okay so you see where the phone number
is say it's super loud so people can
call you all night
what are you doing you know that's empty
all right you gotta get that one last
morsel so today something amazing
happened and it was a very very awesome
amazing day for me I decided I was gonna
come upstairs and play some pinball
because I feel like I deserve it
got some pinball I got some yoohoo I'm
gonna get three balls in the couch the
third one right here does I haven't done
this well in so long yes three balls in
the couch what does that mean watch
oh come on two of them one in the back
come on can't put ass
sure put ass no patrols look at guys for
real good night
