do you ready to go back home to Florida
you gonna read some golf carts you like
golf carts deep what's gonna golf cart
ride mommy mommy better who gives you
the golf cart rides
cheese walks here I give you on the golf
cart but you love it when your mommy
walks you do you like to go on car rides
with your mom or do you like to go on
golf carts no you like to hold car rides
got a golf cart in a car ride do you do
you like to go on car rides with your
mom are we exploding your brain right
now good morning Internet kind of sad
day we're packing to go home a vacation
is now coming to a complete although I
feel like it was a very awesome
successful one I feel a lot less
stressed
I know Ellie does too dogs got to go see
snow anyway I guess they're packing I
gotta put a shirt on
I feel like an e right now freezing my
butt off my butt off
they wiener you don't want to go out
anymore you done she's over it are you
trapped you don't know where to go
Oh point is to see how cold it was
without a jacket don't think I'll be
doing that again gloves are a thermo
effect
bye Kevin teeth under all the blankets
you guys leave a lot of yellow snow zero
fencing yellow snow
yessum yellow snow sticks out like a
sore thumb
that's where Batman lives now this takes
an egg zero year 49 a get over curious
that's how you find Batman not those
stupid spotlights but just a sign on the
interstate
there seems to be the only way I can get
hair off my jacket
very risky this is my only hoodie that I
have of the new hoodie
look at the hair of the
Oh moving the car
the guard well drifted bring it in there
I think it's quite four sizes too big I
have absolutely no idea where we are
can it turned off on to it this is like
old 301 I've never seen this place it's
like I'll run it was all run down was
just like guru those barns that I showed
you guys the other day but it looks like
buildings I mean so feed the vines
these were actually extortion so think
that Walgreens but just like a creepy
torn down version of all things wherever
there's a Walgreens they're always as a
CVS it's always kind of like a thing
they always do that
I tried whichever was closest by the way
I've actually been trying this whole
ride trying to set up my twitch account
because a lot of you guys want me to try
and start using it a little bit more
maybe play some games every once in a
while go live just you know say hi if
you don't know it I think it's this
twitch.tv slash Charles Trippy I'll play
sure and put it on the screen whatever
the screen says that's what it is put a
link in the description go subscribe go
follow it I will try to do that as much
as possible let me know any games that
we can play I think it'd be kind of fun
especially when I'm on the road I could
go up maybe go live or once a while just
say hi
maybe we could forget the guys play some
games at any rate I've been trying to
figure it out a lot of you guys are in
the chat room on my page explaining
everything because I feel so stupid
trying to figure out every time this is
a new like website there's always that
learning curve and I know this one's not
news been out for a long time but
actually had the page for a long time
it's new to me
so yes don't use enthrall so hopefully
I'll get this going and maybe we'll go
live and do like contests the idea is
that I want to do some sort of giveaways
because we have a bunch of old sweaters
and hoodies that we have that they're
like old classics retired ones that
we've been wanting to give away and like
thinking of contests to do I think maybe
doing a live show would be a good idea
so so very close to being home obviously
we're this illuminating dot and st.
Pete's right there and the bottled I was
called this the it's kind of like a
bottle opener of Florida you look at it
hands down give it to a leader not only
drove I don't know how or why it was
fourteen hours out there
oh yeah cuz Atlanta this time we were
smart we bypassed Atlanta we went
through all these little like small
little talents and we didn't hide ya and
we left at 7:00 in the morning so that
that kind of key we left last time the
initial trip was literally woke up on
Thursday and we really let's go on a
trip it was like it was like 4:00 p.m.
by the time we got out the door so it
took a very long time but I got to give
it up to Ally for driving that so
everyone just do the clap emoji in the
comments right now for Ally because she
freakin deserves it
welcome otherwise the dogs and yourself
went up see the snow and the internet
wouldn't that see snow as well unless
you guys see snow outside your door
every friggin day another cool thing is
that since I got that phone call when
we're driving up not being able to drive
again I think I'm gonna do little like
little trips around like you even go to
Best Buy or like you know Walmart or CVS
or Walgreens just to start practicing
and getting back into the driving
situation because we were driving down
and since Ally drove for so long I
wanted to drive but we kind of like
thought to each other that might not be
the best way till they kind of just jump
all in but I'm really excited when I get
home so I can I can actually I don't
want to say normal because I'm not
normal no matter what but kind of
getting back to being
self-sufficient or not having to rely on
people are like universe
it's
I know I think that's the thing it's
like I know people I know it's just but
so bad when people have to do that kind
of stuff and it's gonna be so it's gonna
be like freeing the only means to be
like one of those things where it's like
just like freeing and I'm really excited
to go get back into it first thing I
need to do do is change my license
because I showed you guys my license you
would freak actually a mo show okay if
you're new I want to show you guys my
license it's actually when I was 21
years old and I never updated it because
I was lazy and I hate the DMV you know
the lines and all that fun stuff I can't
wait to get back into it because I don't
I need to change this thing because it's
ridiculous ready for it you can make fun
of it I don't know what the is on
my chin right now but it's there and
then my red hair wait I was when I was
21 years old so it's timing it rhythm
all right let the beasts out come on
guys you guys recognize your own lawn
I'll be honest it's kind of weird to see
grass again I know in all actuality
we've gone that long but it is weird to
see grass on the ground oh and the robot
got stuck the tornado that is travel
always the fun part
no oh yeah not me well there they are
just happy to be out of the car yeah
your avocados looks like the robot
cleaned in here two robots are gonna
take over the world guys it's the little
things first we're gonna do chores the
things we don't want to do yes this is
your fault sir Marly got peed on you
have peed on your tail too
Zoey's got her bone so she's happy
Marley's passed out and I think these
pass out on the bed I I'm so tired right
now
it's been a pretty loose your eyes I
don't feel that good today was a long
day in the car we wanted to go to the
school bus graveyard but unfortunately
the way we went home it was different
yeah I was totally out of the way it was
the smart way the way we should have
gone yeah cuz I screwed up on the way up
I missed the fork in the road so we
booked they Atlanta stuff that's my
fault and I'm so so no it's but the
reason why we left today
as opposed to tomorrow is because we
noticed that the dogs left the cold but
they know you're mine
they love the cold but it was really
starting to affect Zoey
especially you get the arthritis in her
hips like crazy this is this should show
you how we see you have troll hair you
know that I know I really do look like a
troll but I think that was probably one
of the most memorable trips especially
you and I together I think so other than
obviously that Australia no I think it
was like a really memorable trip because
I liked it because it was spontaneous
there was no plan
it was really high and it was yeah you
and I and like we brought the dogs which
was so important to us because it was so
cool to see their reactions yeah that
was actually like I remember my first
time seeing snow and I like really made
me excited so it's kind of cool see
that's on the actual vlog too yeah I
think those Park City yeah isn't that
gratifying you wanna carry the signal
fall go stop around I know you've been
waiting
oh it's true it was cool it's cool
seeing that for the first time having
that actual reaction yeah I really I
really loved that and that was such a
really amazing moment and I don't know
I'm always gonna remember that and I
took a ton of pictures and I sent it all
to my family and they all loved it they
were all so excited about to get ready
how did the dogs react how'd they love
it Instagram and snapchat probably were
flooded I'm so tired I could barely hold
this camera tomorrow we got to clean
that yeah tomorrow we gotta go clean the
salt in the ice off the car so that
doesn't corrode or do anything bad
okay so my question is I always got the
question of the day for you guys what
was like the most memorable moment that
you've ever seen with your animal
whether through dog your cat your birds
and fish whatever like we had was the
lemon Zoey had been living this is
always the first time with lemon was
like a really memorable in the mirror
yeah I was like a really memorable
moment for you diesel snow was like a
huge moment yeah but like what was your
mom a water moment with your animal that
you can think about like your baby but
yeah yeah you're a baby
this is a year that I really want to do
things that I've always wanted to do and
been afraid to do and I want us to do
things that we haven't had a chance to
do especially together so 2017 is gonna
be gear that I think it's gonna be
really special yeah because it's it's
about myself and it's about Charles and
it's about us together as a couple of me
and I think that we're gonna really try
and focus on that because in the past in
our relationship it's been hard to just
focus on this it's there's a lot of
worries you know and so I think this
year's gonna be about really trying to
focus on each other and us as a couple
in our family and our friends and we're
gonna we're gonna make a really big
conscious effort into doing this
basically doing a lot more traveling and
just being together and happy and trying
to forget the small stuff in life
because if you get really stuck in the
stupid was it my new unimportant things
in life that you get stuck in that's for
me
my new year's resolution is not to get
stuck in the stupid stuff party started
mine yeah you lose yours well one of
them is to be healthier and start my
exercise routine again I haven't done
that yet but but I am starting that
tomorrow being more adventurous and
saying yes to situations and being more
spontaneous I just I'm so thankful that
I get to do those things like I tested
myself this weekend kind of scary right
yeah yeah you know so I'm definitely
gonna test the limits for myself this
year everyone cook like for a least raw
hair so that way we know you like the
troll hair oh I have an idea
click like and that's the way she'll
wear her hair for the wedding
that's not true at all if there's 20,000
likes that's not happening there could
be some discussion
