we're not leaving we're just leaving
this bunk right now and we're gonna go
to our new a new home I should say which
is just around the corner on the corner
for your aliens this is what happens
when I don't get much sleep so we got
through a new place
are these recomment what could these
possibly be then they go all the way
over there
I'll be a tracker and here's a new place
I gotta like it's more cozy
that's what I feel like cabins in the
woods are like cozy you have to say it
like that they've gotta go cozy because
we'd have to build a fire anything
you've got a face fake fire you have
more people the bigger ones better but
if it's just you know two people maybe
three if you really want to get cozy I
think it's this little place supposed to
go oh by the way and it's five degrees
good morning family I already said good
morning you're so late so late I already
said it cabin number two please don't
fart
no no he's literally gonna get my dog
heart attack oh we have won a fire
that's already pre-made for us which is
pretty delightful you have our space
heater still one room that we all can
share and obviously you can see that all
the dogs are still on the bed you got
our bathroom I know and then we have a
it's a gas heater so yeah so we have a
gas heater which be very very careful
with these guys yeah make sure that you
do not turn on the gas stove we know you
have on the gas heater but this is our
little kitchen too it's very very cute
and quaint and I like it a lot we have a
fence which is nice too and some bright
lights are you guys ready to go
exploring you don't really look like it
look at that tail you're ready
I don't think Zoe wants someone it's so
cold out are you ready to go jump in the
snow you had so much fun yesterday we're
gonna go up the mountain we're gonna go
to the top and we're gonna take a
picture or at least that's the plan if
we can make it to that place because
this man doesn't know how to get up
before noon Charles thought it would be
smart to show me what the beautiful
breathtaking breathtaking news anchors
look like from Telemundo right yeah I'm
gonna search in squats I'm gonna change
my whole diet regiment and I'm gonna get
myself a booty because that's
embarrassing
that's embarrassing oh we always want
what we can't have
no Charles do you still want this piece
of plywood big booty by the wedding I
never realized how cool I didn't all
Marley's such an ale Marley get out art
was like she gets pissed off and Finley
doesn't go Marley doesn't use me because
she's so used to it with her there you
go I would say almost crazy ears shake
thank you I thought you're gonna leave
me hanging
you know that whole like I've fallen and
I can't get up that's hurt today's gonna
be the day we go see some nature
yesterday we kind of just laid low just
like test the waters and see what the
dogs would do in the snow now that we
know they like it we could actually go
venture off and do some things there's
actually a pinball machine Museum
somewhere around here - I hear somebody
what are you guys told me about that you
know your boy yeah boy
bong he knows the best ping pong master
I beat you in Dodge Dart oh oh that's
right you beat me in darts and I be in
pool I feel like that's like one of the
only sports that actually is named after
like a sound that you think it makes
ping pong like baseball's not called
crack crack a ball that's like some fat
that sounds like a crack ball finally
got better gloves and I always been
having fun with it
do it again it makes it so funny nice
he's like are you here
Hey that was actually really fun big
laugh a little bit more
wait do it again what I told you we have
to go put it again wait roller oh that's
okay
Oh Jay gloves not you very good
appealing oh yeah
Gogol so we're gonna try to find this
place called the Blue Ridge Parkway it's
like the number one thing on like
TripAdvisor all those things
accumulation yeah it's like like scenic
views which I thought would be kind of
cool because we can go see the mountains
I could try to fly the drone the dogs
can go outside and again I'm doing that
thing where like I'm have something my
hand looks really weird I'm talking
truth now we've gotta hope that the
roads aren't closed and it's not too icy
which is possibly something that might
happen the most interesting thing about
this is I got old-school directions like
one of those things where you go
straight and then the second right wants
to see a bar I got literally that's what
we got so I'm not even using GPS so we
take a right here no you don't get the
big place you can just walk you kind of
cower these like breakaway glass
well that one's really in there that
one's really in there I'm sure that barn
is still in use you're gay
what you see like other cars are going
slow to see
are you doing great there's another barn
look at all the barns are just broken
how you doing over there
we decided look he's rolling out the
carpet for us and everything
it's mr. plow mr. plow that is my man
name again it's mr. plow dude was
starting it a little too bad so I think
we're just gonna give up on this thing
it's so so I see well it it seems fine
I'll there's all the hair was it there
the whole frickin time so maybe once the
ice melts a little bit we'll be able to
get up there
it's better than get down now then get
up there and then I have to deal with
this in the freaking nighttime maybe we
could find another little lookout point
or something you guys want to go check
out an old barn as we're driving up like
I said it was getting a little too
skittish maybe we should pull off in a
more flat area and this looks like a
pretty cool area to maybe just walk
around I got the GoPro the Phantom who
wants to wear the GoPro all the ducks on
my car it is a whopping 11 degrees out
right now and like Charles was saying we
start driving up the mountain in the
roads were way way too icy we got pretty
far up actually and it's like a
momentary I want to say freak out but
kind of freak out I'm just gonna be
honest with you and I I know it's really
important to maintain confidence and I
told Charles I said you know I'm gonna
be honest with you I don't feel
confident driving up this mountain right
now with you and the two pups I just
don't feel good about it time to turn
off and decided to turn back but we did
find this awesome little area and we're
gonna come out here and let the dogs
play a little bit there's a really cool
old abandoned like farmhouse there when
that one it's like the coolest one right
there we felt it's best that I stay off
the ice road since it's like my first
time actually on icy roads and driving
in snow just to be safe kind of a bummer
I feel like I'm letting everybody down I
just I'd rather be safe than sorry I
really really would and I just didn't
feel confident driving out to swirly
roads on the side of a mountain so there
you go it's 11 degrees babe I have to
call this no go here until we shoot this
let's hope nobody shoots us I don't
think it's probably I don't think it is
either I don't think they're gonna care
I mean I do see a port-a-potty at the
very back that could be just a form of
nature it's a hybrid tree oh my god
excuse my language but it is for reason
one thing that I love about going to new
places is kind of like discovering kind
of little hidden treasures you're not
just going to like the touristy areas
looks like a deer or something walked
this way that's kind of cool see the
tracks those are definitely not human
but look at this look how cool this is
I'm not gonna go up in there obviously I
feel like a fireplace right there that's
so crazy
I can't tell that's all alcohol in there
that's bottles I'm not sure not a creepy
but pretty damn cool to like this is the
start of the very scary movie again
everyone we've been here recently kind
of reminds me of a scary movie in a
weird way his gang called really cold
but I just thought that was so pretty
and I wanted to stop and kind of film it
and show you guys
so unfortunately we had no idea that was
private property we just thought was a
field
cuz there's some of these have like
science and that one didn't have a
science we thought it'd be okay oh well
it's okay we'll find it look let's find
another place at least I got to do some
of those shots of the mountain though
see that's the cool thing about a drone
if you can't make it up a hill you can
just fly it up a hill all right cool
there's a road cool vanilla vanilla I
see
you are something weird I'm like
freaking out driving out I know I'm
trying to make it look like looks not if
you love it though
do you love my stupidity no I don't know
I love my stupid
let's see how pros please that's cool
to be loved it
yeah my homeboys oh she's done done it's
got cute little like icicles on her lip
oops I think there's no one here hi Joe
are you done are you done girl yeah we
better go back there done it's too cold
of a day for these pups they're like
over us no they go we are Floridian dogs
get off the ice come on over here buddy
this is what it really takes to try and
get the dogs together to take a photo
okay you good
I think it might be too cold for them
yeah we're actually gonna call it look a
little crazy actually gonna call the
vacation early because I think it's a
little too much for the girls and diesel
soon okay but we're gonna call it
vacation early we're gonna head back
home tomorrow but we might stop in there
Georgia Mountains because hopefully the
snows all melted and before the snow we
are done and we are complete it was
really fun I'm kind of bummed I didn't
drive up it was very successful I'm kind
of bummed that I didn't drive up the
mountain but I'm also really happy I
didn't either because yeah it was I'm
not gonna lie so terrifying driving on
icy roads I don't recommend it to
anybody that's never done it before and
believe me we're just taking it very
very seriously that's why we decided not
to drive all the way up the mountain she
liked it for a second and then it
started to hurt her a little bit you
know that feeling that's how I felt the
other day I wasn't kidding
I had to put on my socks on her so that
we could warm her up it was just too
cold for you it's too much it's me so
sad they're having so much fun how you
feeling this though perfect scream glad
Florida dog in snow what's going on a
little our little sanctuary you know
what it reminds me of just walking on a
giant snow cone for some reason it's
like a satisfying noise this vacation
the spontaneous vacation was so needed I
know I was starting to get really really
stressed out and I know I was getting
really stressed sometimes it's actually
really nice to just get in your car and
drive do you think we should do this
again like after tour like maybe after
tour or something like Allie and I just
drive somewhere cool maybe this time
we'll go west since we kind of was
normal I think we should go to Texas
wish you could see nerd rock yeah good
Philly the West and then right back east
we should go we should make our own tour
we should maybe we can meet some see
txseries that would be actually you know
that sounds like a great idea
and I think we should I feel really bad
there's a lot of you that asked if we
can meet up with you this week we're not
in Asheville be completely that we're
actually outside of Astros Asheville and
honestly this this was this trip was
about the dogs it wasn't about us so we
didn't get see we still love you and I
we're gonna make this
happen and where we're gonna go and see
CTX ears also we the kings the tours
coming up the 10-year tour in February
so please go to we the Kings music calm
you'll get your tickets I'll put a link
down in the description and then that
way before we can kind of go traveling
around we can see you guys cause Ally's
gonna come to some show dates so it'd be
kind of like a little meet-and-greet
with in the we the kings Rome so go get
tickets come to the shows it's this
coming couple month mid to late February
to April don't worry we have time the
whole band and crew have time off so I
can get married to this lovely lady and
then right back on tour then back home
actually we might go on our honeymoon
which we're still trying to plan maybe
after that we'll do a little CTFxC tour
actually I have an idea click that like
button down there so that way we can see
that visually and we can kind of gauge
by numbers my hands flying all over the
place he doesn't see it but we were
driving up there the back of the car sir
is getting him we're on the side of the
mountain and I and I had to stop and I
told her I felt like I was having a
panic attack I'm not I'm not actually
embarrassed to admit that I feel like I
was having a panic attack
he made me pull over and we made a
decision there and we both decided that
it was not good
rescue up the mountain I'm glad we did
probably some of those stories yeah
really really high we got like halfway
which was kind of one of those moments
where like you're halfway there
it was terrifying and I think that was
one of the scariest moments that both of
us have ever experienced like in the
automobile which brings me to the
question of the day I want you guys to
tell us what your scariest moment while
driving doesn't matter if you're driving
a car could be a go-kart a golf cart I
have many stories of those I've scooter
anything just you propelling yourself
forward was the scariest thing that
you've ever experienced we will see you
guys tomorrow as always please don't
forget that little red button down there
and subscribe and have a wonderful night
bye guys
