so he's pawing at the door she wanted to
go back out come on so there is now yeah
see if she'll come follow me okay gotta
get you I guess I should say good
morning super freaking early good
morning Zoey had to go to bathroom like
in the middle of the morning right now
and so Yuri look how much snow that's
already falling this is fun isn't it
you really just wanted to come out here
playing it's no game yard I apologize
just took the pumps out how he's already
back in bed it is snowing like crazy
right now there's all these warnings not
to drive and we need people get stuff as
you guys probably got to see I set up a
time-lapse over there overnight just to
see how much snow fell we got a lot so
we got what we wanted but now the car
doors are frozen shut I thought it was
kind of funny we're in some cabin in the
woods they're pretty much in the middle
of nowhere and it's uploading the vlog
in 50 minutes and that seems like a long
time especially a fast internet however
just as reference that hotel we stayed
at and it was in the heart of a city
took was it three hours so I thought
that was kind of funny I wanted to show
you guys
Marley went out went to bathroom when
she squat she realized how high the snow
was so she's go out and as you jump
literally jumped up in the air and ran
back to the cabin Zoey on the other hand
I've never seen her so playful it seems
like Marley's only when I that doesn't
like it which is kind of funny because I
thought that she would like it but Zoey
on the other hand stuck her nose right
in the snow and I got all over her face
and then then I was like so get back in
the cabin she looks at me he goes just
ran to complete opposite direction and
just started spinning around she's
loving the snow she's actually she's a
snow dog so right now I gotta get some
more sleep because I'm exhausted
gotta listen what she says don't worry
we have plenty of day there's that snows
not going anywhere for a while
that's how much snow we got you see has
a little kick of snow on top of the
table
you haven't fun this is about the time
you wish you had a car you can you say
melt you guys might be wondering why I'm
not out there that's the perfect example
right there not yet not not warm enough
and Marley's freezing in the been
hanging out with this space heater Zoey
another hey keeps going to the door
because she wants to go Marley how many
sweaters yet on right now
oh now you're going over here do you
want this one on two
you want three sweaters on oh come on so
Charles made the rookie mistake of
trying to put on my boots which guys I'm
not sure if you know this but in women's
sizes he's like three or four sizes
larger than what I am but this one might
not work so well oh you got him yeah I
know I'm going to I'm gonna change and
we're gonna walk the pups it's so
beautiful I said I went outside and you
can't really tell that much but so I
started scraping snow off of the car and
I didn't get very far because my hands
are so cold but I did get the front and
part of the car so you got my window
yeah yeah my door too actually on my
side I scraped off this morning so but
we've never done this before so I don't
even know if I'm doing it right and
right oh God we got a GoPros
we're going to see if and get these
icicles going down it's so cool
I'm just telling tutorialcode creepy
this ice close it's like facing right
towards the window right now you see it
that's creepy five inches four inches
maybe more that one actually looks like
it's more the one table almost looks
like a foot there's my hand we decided
to extend our stay a little bit longer
since it's actually really nice here I
got to do this
I know I want to get a little bit flying
okay good job babe
we'll be back guys I have to admit this
place is more beautiful than I thought
then it sounds creepy it looks like
little gingerbread houses though alleys
killing it driving in snow for the first
time now there's a little scared but we
did slotko's run like a super hilly
areas whole thing's really hilly she's
doing a really good job
I gotta commend her on that look how
beautiful looks up here I was thinking
that if I push this thing back it would
take all the snow but sure enough it's
just balancing there in the oh we're not
gonna be doing that okay well that it
wasn't close I don't know why it's not
closing that was my dumb moment right
now we can't seem to shut this thing
because everything is kind of turning
into ice it was chalk this up onto one
of the trials dumbest things of many
things I was just saying to Ally thank
God ice isn't like sugar or anything
like that it's just simply water just
slightly still see moments like that are
life lessons yeah something's Duty
happens but you just gotta roll with it
gonna last get that fun
yeah just got to make sure I don't touch
something because my thought process is
things like this always happen but as
long as you can laugh it off it's not as
bad as you can possibly think it is
does it make sense that's like that's
the way my brain works
we're just going to randomly extend to
stay despite the fact that I'm an idiot
and it's know what officially the boots
are how she'd get actual like like boots
you seem like they'd be smarter huge
remember like national tried on cowboy
boots
everybody's you have that day struggle
is real up you got some water on this
honey
what are those is green ones oh boy
so we're discovering that Charles
Chuck's are not working for the snow go
figure right Charles is such a
fashionista he said I can't have those
other shoes oh you're such a fashionista
charmer yeah I think those will keep
your feet nice and warm it's got to look
good always I am the other hand will
wear my rain boots till I die but you
like nap they're just not cool enough
however they don't really keep my feet
that warm but they're nice walk around
in this snow
no I just think more socks ladies you
might just get a little bit more socks
but besides that I think I did this just
been really fun actually
we were really not prepared but that's
the thing Domino's
the Domino's Pizza
idiot they want their pizza you better
hurry up make it gonna get me sorry look
at me
sorry look what it's cookie hey say go
dry off it's like you've been playing
these are getting frickin longer and
longer come on you gotta come inside get
snow all over your face
nope come on this one doesn't wanna come
inside though that one's already inside
warming up she keeps wandering off but
little does she know I can find her
easily
well good Zoey
where did you go she's having fun
wrong house
so you make me fall on my face come on
see I thought there was a lot more woods
back here it's not as scary in the
daytime
warming up really honestly thought that
it was gonna be a Zowie that didn't want
to do anything this one it doesn't want
to do anything oh come on girls
Zoe come on baby so finally we've been
able to get them out in the snow it was
kind of snowing pretty bad earlier and I
think they're liking it they love it
look at her so she's got a double jacket
on cuz she's a little bit cold
come on Zhou look a girl and get in here
get in a hurry up
is it cold bud hi buddy is it so cold
marlis like get me out of here he's
having the most fun don't get frostbite
you know sorry I know and you wanted to
see snow I do want to see snow but I
really does it those boots being that we
bought them where we bought them in Park
City that day would be significant
enough all right my $20 crappy
are you okay honey let's put them over
the furnace okay both telling you my $20
Walmart boots are killing it right now
you guys cold so it gets marlis not
having it
she liked it for a second it's cold
though well cuz we're actually walking
in actual snare right now
Zoey was loving it - now she's cold you
feel your feet I gotta get some firewood
it's ridiculous that we haven't done
this yet
alright that was that doesn't help me I
gotta be the man of the place get some
wood burn some wood
this is awesome though I like this place
there we go there's some wood I don't
even have to chop it I'm discovering on
this trip that these shoes yeah not made
for this no regardless of where they've
been bought can you open this door oh my
dough's hot going out there yeah I'm
gonna grab some Kindle because we're
gonna build a fire right now which I'm
very very excited about my toes are
frozen though like literally when we
were running around outside every time I
would take a step it felt like my toes
are cracking in half it was awful
stupid me it's gonna go back out there
and grab some Kimmel to build a fire
that right now is actually worse I came
to talk to it that right now is actually
worth the cold feet because I got to
tell you what I want to fire so bad that
I don't even care okay Kendall oh that's
kind of wet Kendall got to see we're
getting Kindle for the fire
I had to applaud people though that live
in this every day all day of their life
even like trying to get the snow off the
car this morning
so I got up really really early when I
started taking it off and then I stopped
because I was freezing my ass off
who went back in maybe slept for like
another hour came back out and it had
filled up again so I really applaud you
guys who can stay out here and deal with
that it's very very impressive are you
coming to help me yeah where's the why
so these shoes they don't work I have my
wool socks on I got actually a couple
layers of socks on and none of them are
working I'm a true Floridian char all
right we're gonna go sign a bill to pay
I in the deepest snow off my shoes
working not working
how's everybody doing any are you
staying nice and toasty I'll get
something like okay we've had our fun
now I just want to get nice and toasty
and warm the pores this is oh honey oh
and the diesels in our bed of course
it's gonna be the issue
what everything's wet baby what are you
doing it wrong
millions all ended up I mean you don't
put the locks in until you slight the
Kindle what nevermind no I'm gonna try
why know how to build a fire from Boy
Scouts what the problem is the problem
is it's all wet from inside the shed I
mean it's all wet from me cutting down
the tree and outside cutting everything
you know chopping wood oh yeah yeah yeah
I know where can be going in the shed to
get perfectly rabbit firewood where's
the lighter fluid I know right
there we go good job boys got taught me
something kind of been wise that smoke
did good she's asleep sitting up she's
just asleep he's almost done three two
one
negative 120 140 56 I get it he's asleep
I gave up because I was kind of killing
the fire so Ally's kind of taken over
now I don't know did you tell him by the
way that we decided that we're gonna
stay longer yeah we just decided
randomly just kind of like this exact
trip like why we started taking it we
figured since we drove was like 15 or 14
hours and we were only here for one day
like really if we were doing this we
wouldn't be going home tomorrow we
figured since it took so long to get
here and it's so beautiful and it's so
like snowing I see we just figured what
the hell is to stay a couple more days
at any rate I hope you guys are enjoying
this spontaneous trip I feel like this
is the way to do trips if you have the
ability to do trips do it this way it's
so less stressful other than planning
things making sure everything's right
when you do it this way if things go
wrong yours like well yeah well we will
that's kind of what happens why are your
eyes back open I got some rowdy
neighbors to next door it was so quiet
yesterday and that is why you have Ally
build the fire because Charles got
distracted with everything I can
remember her a timer to where I've had
to build a fire so I'm pretty impressed
with myself right now it's very cool
yeah no wonder my toes lost feeling
about every minutes out so I'm going to
go chop some more wood that would
actually be a lot of fun oh so much ice
I got to focus tomorrow I think we're
gonna go try and find some lookout
points they
fly a drone over the mountains we're not
quite sure what we're gonna do tomorrow
but we are gonna stay a couple more days
please don't forget to click that like
button and don't forget to subscribe you
guys are brand new it's kind of
embarrassing
actually you know what let's use that as
the question of the day I want you guys
to tell me in the comments your your
most embarrassing moment whether it's in
public or just private can't wait to
read all those I am damned to icicles
I'm gonna break someone so we can
actually see how how much say yeah will
drip anyone want some ice
would you like it Ice Cube take the ice
penis
I don't nice penis don't forget to click
like guys for the P mystical house and
we will see you guys tomorrow it bye
guys
