day two of the random spontaneous we're
gonna call pretty trippy trip I want to
show you guys something really fast when
I was in college and I would travel I
didn't do a lot of traveling but when I
was in college and I travelled I always
had to do it on a budget because in
college your broke-ass college kid right
there's Marley on this bed we're not
getting our deposit back that's for sure
so what I would have to do is I'll show
you guys right now I would have to go to
the ice thing and come back and melt it
but of course it doesn't work that fast
or to say instant free water step 3 all
right enjoy my water only problem is
that you need to go back get more ice
otherwise you're just boring and like
pretty much boiling water step 3 travel
tips it's true it's like a life hack
everything lame life hack look out the
window yeah we don't see any mountains
yet I think we're shooting for Asheville
North Carolina that's that's where we're
shooting and we're like 3 or 4 hours
from here think watch to get bit and
it's gonna be snowing in a couple hours
we got actually got to leave really
really soon hopefully we get to see
everything is ready to leave or go back
in the car for a couple hours and lead
you're up some crumbs of the dog food
look down so look down so it looks
straight down look silly okay before
Marley gets to it okay Marley's gonna
get to it as expected dealing with the
fun awesome Atlanta traffic as well shit
look at this look at this road this is
what it looks like here and this is what
the intersection actually looks like it
confused me just looking at it
I'm trying to find like an Airbnb just
because the hotel work last night it's
perfectly but like if we want to like go
somewhere I don't want to necessarily
leave but we don't want to say I'll
leave the dogs in a hotel because I'm
not sure how much barking they might
actually do so try to find some like
cottages or something like that you know
that would actually really kind of cool
and kind of past that Wi-Fi obviously I
gotta make sure I upload these vlogs but
still have a like kind of I call I call
it I got old work occasion that you get
bored to say it's a vacation but I'm
still technically working impromptu trip
this is not plan it was just kind of
gone I think I found a cool cottage so
very or something like that looks kind
of cool it's like one it's like a
1-bedroom thing though actually it's a
zero bedroom thing it's the only one
room because I'm an idiot never got that
and I have this stuff to put on the dogs
like the harness because if they go and
play actually in the snow if it actually
snows well I'm seeing right now is
melted snow take a Rin then again we're
still in Georgia and we're not having
the best time and luck here in Georgia
that's for sure so hopefully we can get
through South Carolina and North
Carolina really super fast and get to
Asheville and just pray this would be
snow and then pray we don't get snowed
in what I'm really worried about right
now is that a big snowstorm happens and
I lose all connection to the Internet if
that happens you have not seen this
video if it does not happen you're
watching this video right now and I had
nothing to worry about genuinely though
I'm kind of scared like it's kind of
like what the Hawaii I was really really
afraid I was really afraid or like in
Europe I always get really afraid of the
Wi-Fi situation I feel like that's a bad
thing because it really it really does
kind of make me stressed and worried
about something that shouldn't be
stressed oh and I should be enjoying
something but at the same time I always
want to make sure I
this make these videos go online because
not only do I love doing this but I
gotta maintain that world record because
that world record means so much to me as
a dirt I know it does mean a lot to you
guys too because we kind of all did it
together
a while I finally fell asleep what about
you you're finally up now Miley's down
in a habit hole just murders a rat hole
so we just did that giant of north
toward Queens that's one thing about
navigational systems we put so much
faith um and they just take you for
literally a loop we're never gonna get
out of Atlanta had I been able to drive
yesterday I could've driven yesterday
because I knew Elena was gonna be a good
show right - Virgil - bye 85 north
toward Greenville there we go
you
what is life
what do I do
Hey I was filming I'm sorry being cute
over there ally put some blankets down
there and so he's been hoarding all the
buckets if there's pillows back there
too they'd all be hers they'd choose my
head scream grab that perfect screenshot
so we had made yet another stop getting
gas but we are almost there it's kind of
nice cuz the scenery it's like finally
actually changing a little bit we are in
a gas station so it's not changing that
much but we just realized hey there's a
winter storm that's coming and we went
to a grocery store we really didn't buy
any groceries yeah there's a storm
coming more than likely we're not gonna
go anywhere to get food or is anybody
gonna be delivering so which I just
talked about to get this station for
food right now because we haven't seen
an actual grocery store in quite some
time the trip has been a lot in the car
and the darks have been traverse which
is amazing but I'm really sorry say no I
feel like you guys are expecting us to
be in snow like right now because
honestly I'm expecting us to be in snow
right now but we have not made it quite
yet we fit traffic multiple times we
literally sat in traffic for about like
two and a half three hours wasn't fun
but good news diesel finally ate they
all went to the bathroom everybody's
still happy and hopefully hopefully
hopefully we get to this cool little
cabin that we found on Airbnb and we get
to that really soon okay my fingers
crossed
cool thing is that it's job friendly
which has been like our only thing that
we were really worried about was like
obviously the Wi-Fi and that is pet
friendly and I'm pretty amazed that the
amount of hotels and places on the
Airbnb that are you know pet friendly
bad thing about traveling on a whim is
that if you do have animals it could be
a really big deal mm we were like we
might be sleeping in the car we really
really thought we might be sleeping in
the car I don't care that it's like 30
degrees right now
I love getting an ice cream first
like you when it's called white food
Ali's gonna laugh but we still watch God
summer trumpet Ashkan
this is our first mountain and now he's
freaking out no urea our mission to find
snow we are finding snow so far
not enough for the dogs to go play but
we are finding snow
this is a dumb question and the reason
why I'm asking you guys even if it's a
daily because will this find out
tomorrow is I currently have no service
I was able actually I was able to submit
the new CTFxC app but then my service
completely kaput and it has you walkin
that's a fun word isn't it
kaput so we're Floridians we don't know
anything at all about the snow or
driving in the snow
except yeah accept the fact don't drive
fast and don't be reckless I'm treating
it similarly to rain but Alan and I will
try to figure out if your car starts
like slipping do you turn into it do
turn in or you do turn it out of the
circle like do you want to do like a
circle like a donut or do you want to
kind of correct it telling us all the
snow plows are out so that's actually
that's positive so look at all the snow
that cars completely covered all right
back to the question what do you do
because tomorrow we're gonna have to
deal with this because apparently it's
with snow tonight tomorrow morning I
least give an answer from you guys so
let us know please and let us know any
other cautious things that we need to
know with the snow cuz I feel like an
idiot
I can't Google anything right now so I'm
a little nervous about uploading but the
guy said there is Wi-Fi at a little
bungalow our little log cabin so we're
sort of
I started to get out the windshield it
reminds me of like when you play Mario
Kart and that stupid piece squid because
of your face and goes black it's grape
juice or eat high-quality
squid is the most annoying thing in Mars
our best thing is the green turtle shell
because if you can hit somebody on a
green turtle shell it is the best thing
ever and I always strive
holy shit we have achieved our mission
there's snow you ready for this guy's
nope nope is gonna be the first time you
guys ever step and snow
well they look a bit happier Hey look
they look old we got to get you boots or
something your feet have got to be
killing you guys though okay see your
face Hey kal-el some down your bud
Marley you can barely tell because
you're white come on let's go I don't
know what to tell you so but you got a
little something on your head do you two
healthy you like
Alex went and got some groceries which
is really good because I didn't realize
that the potential of the storm coming
right now he said last time last year
around this time was 12 to 14 inches so
we might get stuck in North Carolina for
a while oh do you have any turkey niggas
on 19 July Fingaz
we have been wiped out everything got
our cabin this is so cool
come on mark
those little footprints you know what
this reminds me of every horror film
ever
it's like cabin in the woods this is
like real-life cabin in the woods
there's a scary shit Oh No Chuckster
never warm enough we're gonna real-life
horror film now this one over here is
just wandering off enjoying herself I
guess this is freaking adorable I really
hope there's inches tomorrow morning I
actually like it this is awesome until
so happy I'm so happy right now this
makes me so freakin happy I've always
wanted to do this I just kept putting it
off hey
where to go
both of them what well he's done weird
dingdong that made me so happy look it's
got bunk beds here's the ultimate test
it has Wi-Fi it's always the important
thing that I have to do one fingers
crossed right now please please please
okay well that works that's better than
some hotels this is the important one
the last hotel was actually worse than
that so I can work with that what are we
having for our first cabin meal so for
your first cabin meal we have Trader
Joe's precooked grilled chicken on wheat
flat breads for prepaid chicken a kale
with a kale broccoli slaw sounds very
cabin s so this cabin that we're in
right now was actually used in our these
cabins were actually used in a 1958
movie called Thunder Road I'm sure all
of you guys have watched it everyone had
Robert Mitchum mission successful right
here we just got into a like a haunted
not haunted but really creepy cabin in
the woods I know where's the cameras but
there's gotta be a camera somewhere it's
so cool this is actually really I love
it
I've never really done this kind of
stuff before so this is really exciting
for me too well guys this we're here and
our drinks I can't do bull look at the
car is completely not completely we're
getting covered all the drinks that we
had were pretty much warm so I went out
here and just put everything out here in
the cold basically you know obviously
it's ice it's a giant core the question
of the day for today I want to ask you
guys what is your all-time favorite car
game like in the car what is your big
heads up or I spy what is your most
favorite thing to do in the car yeah I
guess is a game or just do in the car to
pass like trips first of them
it worked though alright guys don't
forget to subscribe and please click
that little thumbs up and like button
definitely don't forget tomorrow because
it's gonna be the first day of the whole
trip of finally getting out there the
whole reason I'm coming up here I guess
used to say now we're safe know the
monsters and scary in the woods will get
us hopefully
