today I decided that I wanted to get
something for Ali a little bit because
she's been kind of stressed out just a
lot of things have kind of accumulated
for her and I feel like really bad so
I'm gonna see if I can find a florist
around the area obviously today she went
to go help Valentina just help it
Valentina learn how to do some like some
edits I guess you could say and I guess
you know this one I have a little girls
night our girls day and just hang out
because they haven't seen each other and
Ali loves card so yeah so I'm gonna kind
of go get some of these things I gotta
find a florist in the area and then I'm
gonna surprise her hopefully I think I
think I'll be able to do the only
problem is I gotta find one in the area
that's bikable otherwise I'm gonna get
some good exercise it's okay I like are
in my bike anyway oh you just relax it
looks so handsome
you totally relaxed and you might be
proven but that's okay all day and
talking about vlogging and
yeah there's a big enough and possibly
coming in the future I can't tell you
all the details yet but I will I will
keep you updated but it's what we do
everyone's wrong we catch off here
it just happened little Karger man
always comes and hangs out
he's our dude for the day sound one I
got the roses mission successful now to
get him back anyway got the flowers I
don't know if you guys are like seeing
that I realized in yesterday's one take
when I went like this to show you guys
the girls all you guys got the see was
my shoulder yeah cuz I'm this is I'm new
to this whole vlogging thing what I was
going to say though is I was find like
flowers like I this is something I think
I was talking about before where I was
finding it really kind of funny how like
we end up paying for things that are
like rocks dirt grass flowers and things
like that that are just in nature but we
as I get I don't know I just always am I
the only one that actually kind of feels
that way it's one of those stupid things
I know I just was thinking about it it's
just dumb thought with me I think the
same thing goes with like you know
shower thoughts like for example like
these are something I just read on the
Internet it's kind of funny that there's
a setting on a toaster that's set to
like completely burn your toast was the
another one like biting your bottom lip
it's considered sexy but if you did your
top one it's just weird
I think that one's kind of funny what's
another favorite one or like the one
this is one I actually relate to the
most like if I accidentally download the
same file twice I will delete the first
one and open up the second one because I
feel like it's much fresher I don't know
I feel like that was my favorite one
okay so when I looked on the internet
these are a couple other ones that I
remember seeing kuna Matata Lion King
that was if you think about it an entire
ploy just so Simba wouldn't eat Timon
and Pumbaa like think about it that was
a coup no Matata it was just to get them
to eat bugs was the other one not one
person normally is naked for 24 hours
straight that's an interesting one too
all right some other ones I thought
really funny let's just take a moment
right now to just appreciate the fact
that our internal organs do not inch was
the other one never has windows actually
found a solution when a program crashes
and says checking for solution or must
like to be an air conditioning repairman
because the entire day you're working in
a house or a building that has no air
conditioning it's super hot and just
when you get to work and
finally cold you leave so those are just
some of my favorite ones that I looked
on the internet a while ago and honestly
shower thoughts are like one of my
favorite things in the world see if you
can find one just Google shower thoughts
and see if you can find some better ones
because I know there's a ton of them oh
and the other one was how does a school
bus driver get out and lock the school
bus when he's the only one on there like
what he gets off how does that happen
all right yeah tell me guys in the
comments and what's this ooh so
comparing gotta love the Internet girls
day has come to an end and I'm not in
focus because why would that camera why
would this camera focus by oh let's see
is it focusing what is all over my
camera actually I was gonna say you can
do the clip I'll just go away from here
there you go there you go hey hey
originally what we got together for was
why is this so blurry do you see how
blurry this is I don't cookie now it's
better originally what we got together
for was like we were talking about like
how I edit and things of that sort
like I said more things to come you'll
figure that out you'll find out about
that but today instead we decided we
needed a girl set we needed a day of
catching up
I don't have them at friends in Orlando
that many and you have your friends but
we're our buddies each other you do miss
each other yeah you guys should watch
these vlogs like right next to each
other okay it's really awesome
Danny or oh no don't edit it out honey
don't be a jerk well I'll see you later
buddy
he's a kook a a nilly I'm sorry I I see
you later boyfriend all right I have to
tell you that weighs just the perfect
day I know I didn't film a lot of it but
I love Valentinus so much and I'm so
happy that we have like developed such a
cool friendship because she is one of
the most amazing people I've ever known
in my entire life so Thank You Danny for
finding Valentina because I needed her
so bad in my life
but when the boys are gone what we're
gonna do is we're gonna get together and
work on a few things I said that about
400 times but it's the truth we are
we're gonna get together work on things
and she has a lot of big things that are
happening I have a lot of big things
that are happening and it's just I feel
like 2018 is gonna be pretty amazing
year for the both of us so I'm one of
those people who just acts and then
tries to figure something out later
honestly it's probably one of my biggest
faults is that I don't think things
through well not in a bad way so for
example I got these awesome flowers but
I have nowhere to put these I can't put
them in maybe every single coffee mug
okay hold I ever show you this look at
this this is Ali's collection of coffee
mugs it's quite ridiculous and it just
keeps going can you tell she likes
coffee mugs okay so I don't know where
all the bases are cuz I should have like
45 of those I'm just exaggerating but I
should have a lot when I did that
surprise roses thing in the house I
bought so many of those things I can't
find any just something to put them in
so they don't die oh this is work little
mason jar good
one thing I've noticed is that nobody in
the neighborhood has their Christmas
lights on however guess who does the
only people in the neighborhood but
while Ali is gone I figured I'd kind of
help her out with this whole situation
so it's one less thing she has to do I
feel like getting these things down is
going to be way easier than putting them
up specially since they kept falling
every time I try to do
yo those aren't for you
those are for al kiddie Rica you know
your name now Rica and she doesn't want
to listen you got it you gotta tell me
what you want get a pilot
there we go thank you stop playing with
everything up here go for it get it I
don't think I've ever seen a cat do this
watch your foot your foot got wet
surprise you get that I think the other
one roof it's been trying to eat on them
Perico
so we are just talking to our friend
right now if you guys haven't seen his
channel it's called peph junk vlogs okay
here's the thing
Internet does he not remind you of nerd
rock oh my god I fix them over FaceTime
nerd rock and we're just having you to
talk so you guys remember that hole
we're gonna be a healthy and back on
track with our eating habits pizza
doesn't count okay I I feel a little
poopy today so I can eat whatever I want
but you got some amazing flowers I hope
so bad I walked in and walked right past
and I didn't even see your tags hanging
out so people were saying that I could
make those magnets these are the 19 song
song about than I've had from over here
for 15 years makes them oh CTFxC man
something really funny - what is that
these used to be like two inches longer
but they've you've grown two more inches
we are going to be doing upstairs
without laminate and we got some quotes
and it's actually not that hard to do
but just to make sure for Warren
purposes that we don't screw it up we're
gonna have somebody actually Ali's
brother's friend do it however we have
to remove the carpet and we have we
figured we know how to do it anyway long
story short we're watching YouTube
videos on how to properly do something
we because we can do it and it's a
project he's definitely not that hard
but it doesn't want to make sure I do it
right
great cut she always just watches the
dogs it's so cute come on in that pay
attention release coyotes and I make
sure I hope you enjoyed today's video
before I say goodnight I just gotta say
thank you to a couple of the CTFxC
patrons patrons first one is sharing
more Mike Joe rainberge aka rainy day
music Kathryn Bradburn Katherine amanda
milder okay this one I hope I'm getting
a right
subhan Oh Regan if not please correct me
that that's the most unique name I've
ever heard so subhan I hope I'm saying
that right
and Craig Hopkins Rica's still been
hitting out he in the face so she's
trying to put her to sleep don't forget
to subscribe
oh by the way we added a couple new
perks or rewards on the patreon page
we're gonna basically be doing secret
live shows where we're gonna be giving
away some merch so go check that out
links in the description don't forget to
subscribe and we will see you guys
tomorrow always have a good night
