okay you don't have to worry I'm always
so impressed that over the years I've
somehow trained the dogs don't do
anything other than just their very
posable and they let me do whatever I
need for a video look at that slipper
balanced it on your head I think she's
looking at you for some like save me
things
save me please there are so many dead
Christmas trees are thrown out Christmas
trees right now I'm just gonna do Oh
dead Christmas tree montage
happened here
everybody simply just let your lights on
this one
I don't know how I've never seen this
house but it's a strangest thing I've
ever seen my life doesn't it just look
like a freaking hotel there's no there's
no style to us it's just a giant scooter
I was so confused when I drove by I was
like what there's condos here they
actually could be condos with me I don't
know I don't already so we're doing the
makeup trial for the wedding today
actually my mom's gonna get her makeup
done too so I'm very very excited about
it to see how everything turns out dude
you look gorgeous
Thank You orgeous absolutely gorgeous
remember when I did your makeup not so
much here or here but somewhere around
here that sounds like a good time I did
a good job it uh no it was you did not
you were so bad at it he did look like a
hooker yeah I looked worse
it feels educated it no it was pretty
bad
so the dogs keep coming over here trying
to bark so I just get the robot going
it's our bodyguard you guys are breaking
the rules you guys can be here if you
don't bark
who needs bodyguards the only one that
really doesn't care is Zoey you do your
thing Ellie's getting her a trial makeup
gun today and I wanted to get some money
for a tip so she gave me
or debit card soma with some money
shopping spree anyone
I just made that up actually because it
was still played Pokemon go
I have gonna be happy forever since I
think it's cuz that's worth it
I actually I think everyone stopped
playing when I started winning I think
I've started bidding Frankie I start
beating Danny
you guys make my son be Ned Flanders
shirt Flanders is actually a bad
freeze
so I can't blog in private which by the
way guys I have to call them later this
week and see if everything got approved
which they should have
and we're on
I won't we the keys the to love these
guys so badly here here okely-dokely the
man tell them what we became
how is money
place telling you babe
I can do it I know you can yeah is that
your lamp you're like it's actually
using it came in handy ever play if you
look at me like you ever halo because
I'm not always we're trying a few
different things to see how it turns out
my mom just walked away looking like a
beauty queen listen yes you guys thought
did she go like I'm going out tonight
she's only had it coming to Jesus yeah
she was like she's like I gotta go to a
birthday and she goes and I was like nas
if you look really good just like I
don't know face makeup yeah this was the
other type of makeup well I don't know
right you're right but it's so funny
because she she only wears like lipstick
and mascara that's it that's like what
my mom does say Yeah right mom
and so it's so funny okay Google wins my
ride supposed to be here my goal is to
get this entire house to be some sort of
smart house because I'm dumb and any
smart house and tell me smart things
like I just wanted to go walk around go
like ok Google how are you doing yes the
thing is smart houses make everything
there's dumb responses alleys looking
hot isn't she scorching was done just
got done so I got eaten by a squid
they're so tight this time I got new
ones in the top of the eggs I'm gonna
talk to you guys first so I just got
done doing my makeup trial obviously I
don't have my makeup on right now
because I took it off because I'm not
used to wearing a ton of makeup for
those of you out there that have ever
had your makeup done I don't know if you
feel the same way as I do but it's it's
very overwhelming for me because I feel
like it's so heavy and it just doesn't
look like me and I get super nervous and
I loved it I thought it looks really
beautiful but I'm just not used to
wearing all of that makeup like all that
eye makeup and all the blush and all the
bronzer and all
shiny stuff see I don't even know what
I'm talking about I don't even want to
talk about with makeup but I'm just not
used to putting all of that on my face I
always get so nervous with these things
because I feel like as a human being you
get so custom doing doing things a
certain way that are comfortable for you
so like you exercise you have a routine
the way you wear your hair you have a
routine or you have a stairway you like
to wear it your makeup will you do it
every day you have a certain way that
you like to learn so I've grown so
accustomed to that that when I have
somebody else do my stuff it's it's
really kind of shocking for me and it's
never been that it looks bad it looks
great but it makes me so nervous because
I'm just I'm not used to seeing myself
in that manner and so I forgot my makeup
done I don't get me wrong I loved it but
I just like I I felt like I couldn't
recognize myself and Charles was like
wow you look so beautiful you look so
amazing but I just didn't feel like me
and it kind of blows my mind that for
weddings like us as women even men that
we go above and beyond and we do these
like crazy things to make ourselves look
a certain way and and then it's the days
gone you know it's all for like photos
and this offer of pictures and I know
it's important and I'm just being crazy
but I had a hard time like looking at
myself because I just didn't recognize
myself anyways I think the makeup trial
went really really well and it became
very real today that you know the
wedding is like just around the corner
so it just it kind of gave me a glimpse
of what I'm gonna look like on the day
of and how things are gonna go in the
day of and I'm very very excited and I
can't wait for the wedding to come like
right around the corner and I just I
know everything's gonna turn out
beautifully my whole rant was like I'm
just has anybody ever been in that
position where you've gotten your makeup
done you've gotten something done or
you've been putting different clothes
and you're like there's Zozo you've been
putting different clothes and you're
like god I don't even recognize myself I
kind of had that experience today and it
just it kind of freaked me out a little
bit not in a bad way but just I just
didn't recognize myself and I haven't
really experienced that before so please
know me I'm not crazy please tell me I'm
not greasy you know me
so I'm trying to find some stuff that
actually works with the Google home pin
sensors over here lights on you cool
okay Google turn on lights just usually
I'm falling all over my face I cannot
wait until this thing comes luckily it's
gonna come for it just in time for tour
so that's gonna be a perfect timing this
is my favorite part best buy the
antiquated devices calculators voice
recorders CDRs photos scanners CD
booklets DVD towers I come in the house
and I was like what the is that she
knows I've been wanting to get these
things I think you guys have been known
I wanted to get these things for years
pretty much since they've come out and
now they're cheaper so I can actually do
it but the main reason is why do I want
to integrate it with the house okay
Google you ready for lights sorry we're
gonna have to feature some of those
things did you guys like Ally's makeup
I thought she look beautiful thank you I
did too but it just I'm saying really
like recognize myself because I don't
ever do makeup you know yeah it's like
when I get a haircut I don't like when I
got old tattoos on my arm I didn't
recognize myself for the longest time
like how one little thing can make you
feel like it's weird I've never seen
myself so glammed up right my big thing
is like last time I felt like really
it was like photoshoots and then before
that was like prom and so I'm just I'm
not but really though Ali's not a girly
girl we already know that it's not even
that it's just I never wear like makeup
so it it just caught me part and I loved
it and I'm like I'm so what'd you guys
think did she look gorgeous
thank you I'm so gonna win you buy like
girls that like work if there's a new
makeup all the time I realize how much
hard work goes into it how much time
goes into it and I'm like holy crap this
has been a crazy now I know why I don't
do it's been like 40 hours yeah yeah
well saying is like I remember I still
see photos that you guys sometimes tweet
or retweet or fine on Instagram some
photos I don't even possibly there was
one that we were talking last night it
was like I don't know it was like a
photo muna at my black long shirt and it
was in front of the tour bus camera it
was on Instagram
and I looked at Alli I was like do I own
that shirt still but the weirdest part
was I didn't have a sleeve and it
weirded me out because I was like I can
see skin because this has become such a
part of me now that like I'm just used
to having color on my skin not seeing
skin it's weird
our house is like so smart it's getting
smart it's actually almost obnoxiously
smart kind of annoys me a little bit is
it is it too much to ask for a dumb
house no please please please I'm so
tired of all this electronic watch in
our house I mean it's not I know it's
really important to you the Google home
now okay that's different than lights
okay do you want an Arctic Aurora
do you want to concentrate oh do you
want to energize what nightlight you
want to spring Boston yep let's bring
Boston looks like you're a heat lamp
Your Honor I eat lamb you're like a
cheeseburger Hey adjust colors you can
change one color to be one color one
might be one well now we got a that's
what the dude said when I was walking
out of the stories like well this will
be a party at your house and like by
party you mean watch Netflix in the
Simpsons and yes cooking again for me
are ya I'm on a roll well I'm kind of
cooking for you to actually cooking some
real delicious up in there and I'm
really excited about these but look at
this salad oh my god doesn't that look
sooo good so you want to show him your
new magic trick yep yes doesn't say be
careful turn it downstairs kitchen
lights - ray sure changing he like
Google turn now Sarah's kitchen lights -
blue you got it changing hue light blue
okay Google turn legs off turning to
light
okay Google turned lights on okay Google
turn light purple
sorry I'm not sure okay any Google turn
downstairs kitchen lights they're purple
you got it changing tonight
the purple okay you little tiger
downstairs kitchen lights - but a new
balloon I love technology
okay changing you might right perfect
oh so you want to sit down the stairs
very cool look at this - for two awesome
meals hey Google turn lights downstairs
to blue okay Wow
