already having issues with wedding
planning Allie's freaking out
everything's going like completely right
and then something puts like a stick in
the spokes it's not going well it's just
like our wedding planner actually is
really stepping up she's pretty rad a
lot of the stuff is like out of her
hands and out of my hand we're playing
cleanup right now makes me want to just
punch something in the head just a
little bit not in a violent way but just
like kind of like stopping dumb way
right bro
shake shake but I have to have it though
our wedding planner is definitely
picking up the slack on all these
companies are just kind of like letting
loose right now
so she's the one that's verbally
punching stuff for us so that's the
important thing so that's why you're
getting married get a wedding planner so
that way they could be the bad guy
otherwise I'll SiC you on them nobody
wants that right beep all those stank
eyes it's so funny cuz he's like
standing up here but his tail shaking
sore though one of the show what we're
talking about so for example this is the
envelope right not sealed together so we
basically spent hundreds of dollars many
things and we would have to steal which
isn't a problem but not at a premium
cost as what I think it's kind of sucky
I guess it's not that big of a deal but
at the same time it's just kind of a
pain but one thing ally and I've been
doing by the way we got some invites
done so it's not getting too backed up
but one thing we've always wanted to do
is go ride bikes on the beach right
it's a pee-pee we're gonna go try doing
that I got our GoPro so we'll get some
awesome shots for you guys we might
actually go to get the the sunset if
we're lucky
and then I generate stress because a lot
of the wedding planning has been going
it's like we don't talk about it every
day we talked about every day it would
be really annoying but today some of
those days when the wedding clinic just
wasn't no plan it is more than just the
envelopes I promise you guys because I'm
the surface I realized it's like oh
we're just playing about envelopes we're
not complaining but I just realized
that's all we showed you guys but one
thing we are yeah I mean because it's a
stressful situation but after that I
decided that I'm gonna make Ally an
awesome dinner since she's all stressed
out I'm gonna cook I'm gonna try to cook
some pasta
ready for this well I think you're gonna
I think I think take a long time to do
things I think that if you follow a
recipe like legitimately follow a recipe
and do it as it tells you to do things
you'll be fine
Charles sometimes though he tries to do
in face up the recipe in his head I feel
like I'm freaking like the best cook in
the world like guys never seen that
episode of Futurama where bender just
decides like he's the best cook in the
world like everything he does is based
on his head
that's me
like my hair I've started to realize is
the net that awkward stage I'm not
trying to grow it out per se I'm just
trying to get a little longer yeah a
little bit longer on top and on the
sides because I am trying to grow it out
for a little bit so that way it's a
little even because right now it's like
super long here but that's so much long
here you know I gotta look cool
what am I gonna do for the wedding like
I'm gonna be it you realize I'm gonna be
on tour and then for like a month and a
half and then I'm gonna come home maybe
she is scheduled for a haircut
of course the one day we want to go and
do this on the beach
it looks like LA with the gloom factor
hopefully they have a pink bike for you
babe you got it
Ali got this bike last time
my gears were broken yelling
I'm gonna get right
the ground softened by blue you're right
it's like camera at least that's what
happens when I pay attention I don't
listen Ally it got really really deep
and it just kind of fell migrate here I
could've told if we had the big wheels I
totally mean it well ladies and gents
well the video carefully I was doing
that one hand that's exactly what
happened it totally wasn't the fact that
he was riding his bike on this really
soft sand it's 12 in fact that is
one-handed you know there's a guy back
there laughing I was like walking to
hell today my flat tiles falling I'm
like oh my god and so this guy looks
over at me and he's laughing and I go
don't worry that's my fiance yes oh boy
with the camera at least was filming it
was great he was laughing and gave him
the laughs gave me lap well I succeeded
with rule number one Oh camera running
because you can always cut things later
but you can't recapture those moments so
people always like that you can't
capture can't redo it
bloggers know that sometimes you have to
like redo things but then it's not
genuine so my tip to any vloggers
starting always keep the camera rolling
because you can always cut things out
I've never seen it this link
well it might not be the prettiest day
on the beach but it's a damn beach look
at this guy is so it can you
believe it
and Charles for some reason thinks that
that is a whale which is not while ago
the sand on st. Pete Beach and liked our
Island in Florida started kind of
eroding into the sea I guess it would be
the proper term it was really really bad
the beach is like basically disappearing
so they had to start putting all of
these things up here which is
unfortunate because they're not the
prettiest things in the world it's
mainly been on this beach but this kind
of keeps it from the sand going out to
sea and then the beach getting smaller
smaller I wish it has gotten a lot
smaller in the past couple of years but
see what Charles is doing it's not very
smart shoes are all soaking wet of
course I had planned a date day the
other day and I was really sad about it
it was so pretty out
oh are they late I just wanted to see if
I can see where we buy it
I believe it's and so they're using sand
to keep standards in a way I think it is
I'm one second of some positive it stand
like this or why I actually keep
converse because I don't ruin good
but not sopping wet feet
be dumb like me babe go eat at the end
goat at the end I dare you go touch the
end go there in fact go go go go go
yeah she's screwed
baby we gotta time it with the wave
yeah you did pretty good if you have a
lot in your pocket yeah feel it ready
ready for this what did you do how did
you dive I didn't dive I was trying for
take my son hmm it's still coming out
this side of course is fine and fall on
that side
or did I call here do I have sand in
that pocket no I have sitting in this
pocket too that's gonna ride these bikes
that we do it all the way so we're good
different person oh great now it was
like a jackass times 2 today why can't I
ride a bike I guess you just can't ride
one on a boardwalk you never lose the
ability to ride a bike but you can get
bad at it really fast when I'm able to
drive a car we're gonna have to go
around in a parking lot like I'm 16
years old again are you going house
doesn't trust me doesn't think that I
know my way around the speech even
though I lived here my whole life
Charles well at least I fell in the sand
and on the ground that's true it could
have been really bad if you tell this to
me not only would his body have been all
smashed up but every electronic device
on him would have been smashed up
this does not make me want to go surf
right now what kind of shark bites like
that though have fun
babe do you want to get ice cream
come here sugar mama first you take me
on a date getting bike bike ride now
you're taking me on a date
why can't I speak right now this is what
happens when I don't edit first I take
you on a bike ride date and then I take
you for sure sweet no I didn't want to
edit that last part because I wanted to
show you the true situation as a
vlogging today is kind of like the
question people always ask what happens
when you blog I'm trying to be as
completely honest as possible today
treat yourself and you're gonna feed me
Wow alright is about birthday got a
quick question for you guys
Ali and I want to make like kind of like
a quick road trip just like a small one
cuz we really want to show Zoey Marlene
diesel snow they've never seen it and we
really want to do that I know it's
snowing like crazy over West you know
Idaho Utah and all that but does anyone
have any snow that's on the ground like
clothes kind of to Florida if you are
right now let me know in the comments
basically do you guys have snow going
through the weekend just kind of like
what we're looking for we know it's
gonna be snowing soon over there but
what we really want is a couple inches
maybe a foot or two of snow that we can
let the dogs run around and snow cuz I
really really really want to do that and
Allie really wants to do that too so
please let me know in the comments
please please please I don't know how
his whole heart
please please please let me know Oh
leave yes promised I was gonna make an
awesome meal for Ali
everyone knows Ali's always making
dinner for me and she's amazing at it
blue apron sees our videos and thinks
that it's about time for me to actually
make a meal for Ali what they did they
sent us one of the meal plans if you
guys didn't know they have meal plans
it's totally free for shipping not only
did blue apron sponsor this video and
send me some delicious food so I can
make it for Ali and look like I know
what I'm doing but they're giving away
to the first 50 CTX years three free
meals on your order free shipping you
can cancel at any time you can skip
meals
so we're rarely home and I was really
concerned that when we got to the house
I got a notification that the food we
all you know gross and spoiled he's got
a big like ice pack at the bottom and it
kept all the food so cold which by the
way it's all farm-fresh perfect
proportions because you use everything
with the meals and they give you all the
instructions on the back which is
sometimes easier than building some
furniture all right come over here and
pick which one you want to make anything
I think that one's gonna be the best six
steps I think I can do this telling you
guys if I can do this there's hope for
you hope you're hungry I'm hungry I'm
excited who apply to put in there looks
good excited I'm actually super excited
smells incredible ready for this no no
down I'm really impressed with myself
right now was it good success Wow see
I'm telling you guys when we pick
sponsors it is always something that
really enjoyed that we really enjoy go
check it out guys thank you blue apron
for making me look like I know what I'm
doing
thank you go click the link right now
get your first three meals for free on
us that's the first oh oh forgot it's
the first 50 Sears
what is this bug crawling across my
computer
what are you it's a little turd look
like it's an ant on top of an ant does
he have stuff on his back that is
awesome
this stuff fascinates me it's like you
know how like an ant can carry what like
four times or eight times its weight
unless that's a spider it's not a spider
no like a snail
alright bug I'm taking outside it's kind
of a big day I will be having a makeup
trial for the wedding
my mom is actually gonna be coming over
too because I wanted her to get a makeup
trial with me because she is not the
type of person that really wears makeup
ever do you want to show him how I'm
gonna need somebody on the wedding look
at that exact mess oh yeah I think these
photos at the beach what am I gonna do
with that on the wedding we'll figure it
out that's a cool photo huh yeah except
my hair looks like I just know I think
it likes to wash my hair 42 days and
that's I know i you look really nice you
guys say that I'm hard on myself wanna
go for a run
we're gonna go bread why you know see
that's what he always says every single
time I'm like hey let's go do some
exercise oh he has an excuse ah hi Roman
but it's an excuse one of the awesome
things about walking right after
Christmas is it always smells so amazing
cuz everyone's got their Christmas trees
but it's also so sad this one so small
yep when I smell someone's trash it
smell good dudes
so we got a little tired you tired dude
Marlins tired pick me up I'm gonna pick
me up pick me up there was once a time
when I could actually pick them up I'm
still let him walk himself figure this
out you guys got this
earlier today did not start off that
well it was really crazy hectic wedding
things were not working out as planned
so we decided to do kind of a date day
just to kind of get him away from all
that negativity so who's really awesome
do old to right bikes on the beach and
then for Charles cook me dinner tonight
it was quite honestly the most perfect
date I could have ever imagined so my
question for you is what has been the
best state that you've ever been on
whether it's something as simple as what
we did today is just like bike riding on
the beach to something as crazy as oh he
picked me up and we hopped onto his
plane and we flew across the world and
had dinner at this amazing Italian
restaurant in Spain does that make sense
but I want you guys to tell me in the
comment section below what has been your
most memorable date that you've ever had
and remember guys if you are brand new
please do not forget to hit that
subscribe button please hit right down
here right down here and the like button
that's one of the things that we love so
much and we want to make sure that you
guys are enjoying these videos we will
see you tomorrow so have a wonderful
night thanks again bye
