my car is getting new tires so they gave
us a snazzy little car right here so
cranky we're like in the middle of BMW
and he is so pretty and then he's eating
donuts okay so do you think putting in
Jonah and someone smashed it makes him
feel better
nope he gets like one donut eats it all
which is good I think it's just donut
that's like it's everywhere he's just
crank him ripping it apart it looks like
he wasn't kill someone I just reppin
this donut apart donut cranky
pants we end up staying up so late like
editing the videos right now I could
stay up but I feel if I do I'm Louie
Craig II don't I don't want you to I
would you get like spinning and it get
some work done you go to sleep I'm like
I'm tired and Lincoln have a hard time
getting up in the morning but I can get
up and not want to kill me she's the
morning person but what I do is I stay
up late I finish the vlog kind of like a
rough cut then Ali says she's a morning
person gets up early and kind of gets it
like more fine-tuned
if that makes cleaned up Soni so she's
more quality control I'm the guy who
probably has like 14 double clips just
come so tired like there's some days I'm
not morning a morning person you can
tell because there's a double like
diamonds in the rough a double clip you
guys see a double clip and there's any
vlogs or are vlogs does it make you
think you like you're having deja vu or
that you're like huh what what
I just watch this I'll tell you what you
guys definitely tell this so there's a
double clip it's not even like hey like
the vlog double clip don't clip hashtag
double clip I'm gonna go to bed now so
Marley uh are you gonna lie about uh
rolling in the dirt you can't even hide
the evidence cuz it's all over your back
the good news is that's just dirt that's
not poo hopefully no you're not coming
in here you crazy I heard some rummaging
yeah she was saw me she even looked at
me Marley hey dude dude what else is on
your checklist for today what are you
gonna do next
you're such a bad dog but you're such a
good dog at the same time every time I
talk to you look your nose don't like
your nose don't lick don't lick don't
lick I know you don of course that oh
there she is
you weren't doing that stuff that's good
she's really great you know Nick welcome
to my life first things first when you
want to be I don't want him up here
look your face T put your balls on her
face it's right he doesn't have balls
does he know oh do it do it do it decent
sit down good boy you spending so much
time on this bed and we're just
literally gonna rough it up later yeah
you know what I mean no I
we're gonna sleep in it mm-hmm what were
you thinking um I don't know if that's
why I thought I don't know what you mean
dirty minds even though it's no
different than what two days ago was but
I will tell you what everything is my
foot hurt this shoes on right I'd be
very embarrassed thing is it's like I
dropped something on it so when you drop
those sick ass rhymes got more done I
should say Allie got more done this is
my handwriting cannot be on these things
okay take doctor handwriting and then
times it by five and then remove the
fact that I'm not a doctor that's what
my handwriting looks like it's really
really bad and I just progressively got
worse because I was in the generation
where like beginning of my school
schooling I should say we used to have
to write papers by hand and then towards
towards the end it started migrating
instead of typing so like what I could
do to progress and make my handwriting
better just completely went out the door
my typing skills are awesome but I
cannot I never got the chance to improve
my handwriting and now there's no way
I'm actually gonna write anything in I
think the only thing I write anymore is
checks which is still so antiquated we
don't have a printer we don't have a fax
machine we don't have I've said it a
million one times
that's exactly so antiquated but that is
one technology I've said it a million
times in the vlog they're gonna have to
go fax something I get confused I know
it's so simple it's the simplest machine
in the world but I just don't know how
to use the fax machine I could figure it
out but I didn't know how it or don't
know how to use a fax machine it sounds
stupid
said but I work the doctor's office for
a while in the middle
ever I have a question for you guys I'm
gonna play a noise right now and I want
to see how many of you guys genuinely
have no idea where this noise is from so
right now this noise be honest do you
even know what that noise is from this
is the loudest question I want to see if
anyone remembers dialog you want to know
because for the longest times legally
they did not accept a document emailed
as a legal document for some reason
that's why faxing was still a thing is
that took some time like assigning you
know like when you could sign something
on your phone or on your computer that
wasn't legally by was legally binding
but it wasn't legally necessarily
recognized in the court of law as much
for some stupid reason as a fax machine
the more you know yeah yeah you know a
pooper it's pointing right to Ali's but
you're welcome I thank you some letters
it's really kind of reminds me of like
what I feel like Slimer I need the pump
good so you need a pump I came to the
pump but it's not batteries we were
literally trying to blow up this ball
when it says use pump I thought my lungs
were strong enough oh boy
we should go move matters well so I just
ran in I got this big giant bubble and
as obviously you guys saw I could not
blow it up at all of course it requires
a screwdriver now actually keys either
work I don't know if the internet knows
anything about me as far as like yeah I
don't know if you guys know anything
about me it's weird weird
well no it's like if I get something in
my brain like to do something I'm very
determined I will not stop getting some
more done
not quite oh what'd you do don't leave
drive shot-caller
ballers mega maaan that up but it's
gotta be a better way
you better wait you better way
oh this actually worked negative
positive negative yeah I'm looking at
the positive in the night and I got it I
think they go down any good that's it
what's it sound like this well that's
why it's head like this weird the
bowling
it's a love
I don't think you can
Oh
I'm right here I'm still in here you're
putting the back seat in the back seat
now we can make sure it's safe so weird
that would mean safe guys I'm getting a
little concerned we think we have a big
stop blowing it up a minute State
honey are you gonna get that out I got
it oh my god is that thing gonna pop oh
my god oh shoot will it pop in the grass
I don't think so Thanks freakin awesome
watch is gonna pop as soon as it hits
something it goes bye-bye ball you're
really feeling epically here sir that's
my fiancee right there get it back in
the hole you let me help you I help you
it sounds so dirty hi here you hold this
that'd be amazing explosion just go pow
why don't ya by car we should probably
take this backstage backstage back I'm
still Houston saying stuff like that in
the house or backyard I think it's fun
though
you can get almost
okay did you make that up or did you see
that good let's compete all the way over
bigger
very first game
I feel like I didn't make the bed for a
week
are you cleaning off my ball so many
disgusting innuendos in this thing yeah
no no I don't trust you that hose
I feel kind of bad now I'm gonna go
inside and comfort him because I feel
like I might have just traumatized my
dog just a bit
you guys know we like we just started
spraying the doors just trying to clean
up outside and he does this like pounce
he like jumps barks jumps barks we're
talking about New Year's resolutions
yesterday on one of my new year's
resolutions is I want to and you guys
are anything I'm so crazy I know some of
you are but I've really been slacking on
being healthy in the sense of like
exercise and keeping up with the routine
that I had previously because before I
was honestly I was like walking or
lifting weights or doing some type of
strenuous exercise almost every single
day and it was something that made me
feel really good and then the past two
months I just walk every once in a while
and I've lost a lot of muscle mass which
is something that I hates because I'm
trying to build muscle I have such a a
lot of you were gonna think I'm
complaining and I'm not complaining but
I have a very very unique lean body that
most individuals in my family have we
are we are considered the gumbies of the
world I am trying to make a better
healthy individual for myself so I want
to be like healthy mind body and spirit
that's really what I'm here to work on
this year and so I'm gonna do a jump
start on that I'm gonna go for a run
today and then I'm gonna lift some
weights I'm trying to get him to do it
it's not gonna happen though oh it does
say hi CTFxC says hi I don't know it
just says H it just says H and then
that's why you know that reminds me of
what scary movie where he like draws his
finger across the wall and it's like
every scary movie no no no what this no
all hard right hello open road Hey
look at you can spell it's not CT Oh
there's kind of an excerpt but you can't
really see it but I see it kinda and
then charts got a pool on his feet
you guys know we are like really really
working very hard to get all of our
invites out to the guests invited to the
wedding and I think Charles is right I
think getting a stamp would have been
the best idea that we've ever had
however we didn't do that we didn't do
it in time and we are really in a time
crunch no it seems like I didn't do a
lot today in regards to the invites but
I got a good half of them done and I'm
going to finish the most nights so I can
get them all out tomorrow because like I
said we are in a time crunch and writing
these all out
I don't know how calligraphers actually
do it because my hand hurts so bad
Freddy I felt like a complainer but I
have been having the worst hand cramps
I've ever had in my entire life
I mean it's well worth it it's well
worth it I'll do I'll to cramp here and
there just because I have to get our
invites out but hopefully I can get them
all finished tonight so that was
anti-climatic I guess there's a safety
feature they don't explode they just go
and that's all they do that's sex toys
these days are just too safe I love
finding stupid things like that and
showing you guys in the vlogs just
because I think the real excuse is that
just gives me a reason to buy them if I
just buy and I feel stupid what if I buy
them though my goats for the vlogs it's
still stupid but it makes me feel a
little bit better I'm gonna pull it like
these are onion glasses those the only
protective plate so I'm playing a game
with Danny and this is what like
throwing sounds like whoa
horrible horrible baked chicken nuggets
we'll just end it at that baked chicken
nuggets Pizza napkins think this woman
knows me mashed potatoes or potato salad
she knows me this is my wine now smell
that smell what I'll do it right now
he's gonna oh I don't think I'm ever
gonna drink again that's where our
bubble is dead but a leave me an awesome
dinner hey sorry I'm spicy the question
of the day guys what is your favorite
food of all time everyone already knows
mine it's pretty much brand it is
branded on my body so that's kind of
like a no-brainer for me but in the
comments what is your favorite fit
all-time favourite food like a food that
you could live off of forever
I love carrot dip as I'm like a u-turn
like meets up I don't know if I'd want
to do anything right I feel like that
would get like annoyed with it though
you have this forever
mm-hmm pineapple pineapple but pie apple
valley with your pad ally would see you
sleep you can't you can even like four
things forever now you're at Pizza yep
okay now you got another thing ally
doesn't know that's the whole part of
this game don't forget to hit thumbs up
down there guys on the video and if you
guys are brand new please subscribe and
we will see you guys tomorrow always bye
guys
