Happy New Year Internet I'm trying to be
quiet right now because Charles is
actually sleeping he's sleeping in today
because he so graciously allowed me to
enjoy myself last night which he enjoyed
himself as well but he went ahead and
edited the vlog that's going to be going
out right now I'm just it's processing
okay it's it's processing it's just
taking forever because it's a big log
it's actually like a 35 minute vlog so
brace yourself it's totally worth the 35
minutes the 35 minute blog so while he's
sleeping I had thought that I would
start the unfortunate breaking down of
the Christmas stuff because today I had
a little special surprise for Charles
but I don't know if he's gonna want to
do it because I think he's pretty tired
do have a special surprise so hopefully
we'll do it today maybe it's kind of
like your little date day we also have
to finish all of our invites still not
done with those it's been taking forever
Charles thinks I'm so crazy okay one new
thing that we did get this year was we
got ornaments so we just got like this
like the red and the gold and different
colors like that and I told him to save
the box well I caught him one day
throwing the box away and I said you
know what Charles we don't say that it's
gonna be a pain in the ass to save and
preserve all those glass balls and guess
what took it out of the trash it's right
there it's gonna be really easy to store
those because it's not easy storing
ornaments I'm sure many of you know that
but it's pain in the butt you got to
wrap them up again and make sure they
don't break it's too much so I'm just
gonna put it right back in the box where
I found it
honestly I feel like taking down the
ornaments from the Christmas tree is
like one of these saddest days of the
year because it's so pretty and then you
just take all the prettiness away and as
much as I love decorating a tree I do
hate taking everything down because one
makes us sad too
it's a pain in the ass I know this is
like such cliche thing but you know
everyone sets New Year's resolutions as
to things that they want to do or things
that they want to change or they want to
get healthy or what they want to
exercise so in the comments section
below I want you guys to tell me what is
your new year's resolution this year or
what is something that you just want to
try and accomplish for yourself I
personally know how hard it is to keep
and maintain a new year's resolution I
always say I'm going to do a certain
thing I last like two weeks maybe a
month tops
and then that says what is something
that you want to accomplish this year
even just try if you don't succeed at
least you try just tell me in the
comment section below what is that one
thing I feel it's only right to give the
Christmas tree one last light up just
one the fo'c'sle right but one less tree
lighting before I take everything off it
was a pretty tree I loved it
alright now I got to take all these off
so what I always do and actually chart
really likes this who thinks that's
really smart
cuz I always get like a plastic bag and
then I just tie it around where I was
holding it so that season a perfectly
good little like hoop this is this is
definitely my the more you know moment
right here so you girlfriends here yeah
let's go get school friend look at this
guy so we're looking good boy there's so
many lasers look look
yeah the trash can there's no way you
can get all these lasers you think I
might even try get out of the trash yeah
that's what happens
good morning 2017 as you can see my hair
it was a rough night last night as you
can probably tell I was up until about
6:00 in the morning last night editing
the video which by the way the first
video 2017 yesterday's video is probably
one of her longest videos I think so
many things actually happened but today
is the day that we get rid of Christmas
stuff so remember yesterday I asked you
guys how long you guys keep up for
Christmas like Christmas decorations
ours is apparently January 1st I started
pulling it on one side and I was just
like slowly going and I was on the
ladder it just all fell down came
crashing down please you break here's
the cravat bark you take it down you
don't usually test it so like when
you're taking it apart like Holly just
dropped all these like we're just gonna
assume for an entire year that they're
gonna be fine till we try to put them up
next year and well yeah but I mean like
you find out it's like oh you play like
all these aren't working what did
you find there you dick
is that from the Turkey it's a turkey
bone can't have this
they're probably chard all over the
place
Ali thinks we had some raccoons you can
you can do that no like that maybe like
that Coon claw marks I don't think that
there would be if they get eaten back
that's true yeah everything in her mouth
has been in the trash
nope come on he'll think she can have it
cuz I think it's been cooked yeah
no shark gonna shark all over the place
huh
nope I think it is shark you have a bone
in the house this is gross
she's like please please please please
please I'll take that you don't have to
take it to the trash please just give it
to me Oh golly it's picking flies
everywhere gross
what do you want sorry
oh wait now
so not bad on this side right turn
around
because my ice might become so strong
okay you're saying that and you judge me
but like this
you have big duty one right there no so
we put this leave-in shampoo for Zoey
it's so funny because it makes her look
so scruffy but it's actually keeping her
from actually itching she's so ticklish
he's so ticklish so you always we do
your dad just torturing you
no healthier we got some of these
invites ones that we have done so far we
got to go to the storage unit I'm so
sorry so I'll see you later but it this
way I know where you're at
that's scary
I'm not I will probably have to protect
you really hot actually we decided that
we wanted to get I was kind of cool we
wanted to get a we hate mopping I think
everyone hates mopping I hate sweeping
you deported or a robot sweeping for us
so looking online and we're gonna try to
find this mopping one I know but I don't
want that big one are you kidding nope
not a joke
Allie just done $20 laying in the
parking lot
that's pretty lucky there babe well
there's no one around I think that's
just your lucky day or I just realized
let me see that snazzy hoodie you're
wearing oh yeah look at that snazzy
hoodie honeymoon fund why I met on the
parking lot that's all again that's fair
game I feel bad now I do a little bit of
wedding advice okay
no we're in keeping her card no you see
somebody that needs that we're gonna
give it to him okay that sounds good
okay that's actually really nice
hi mom I love my mom she one day with
strivers like the day before Christmas
Eve or something as she was driving
towards the beach and she saw this guy
my high road and he was smiling up
saying like I'm just asking for a little
bit of money and she's like you know you
didn't look like he was homeless
anything of that sort but he had his
wife and I think there was like three
kids and they were all like babies a
little little
sitting on a blanket kind of further
away from the corner my moms like to get
some food or you okay it was like I'm
just I'm really trying to find a place
for us to stay for the night and so my
mom ended up she was like are you hungry
can I get you anything in
Pizza he's like I don't have much money
but I can I'm gonna try and help you and
my mom ended up going back getting money
getting getting them some cash and got
them into the hotel that's pretty
awesome
all right dropping the first amount
you're looking that way goofy it's that
way the horns coming from that way oh
really
yeah I was wondering what you're looking
for I couldn't figure it out all right
first invitations batch of invitations
in the mailbox I don't know why I'm
separating on them but it's just fun
Holly thinks that she could be me Mario
Kart so we're gonna try a little game
this is not normally in a blog but why
the hell not
we haven't got to play video games oh
I'll just hit single player no I didn't
I just said thing play oh look it
highlighted oh you're right you're
right I haven't done this in so long I
think it's recording alright guys as
always are you team ally or team Charles
write it right now in the comments
before we start you sometime
what's the best thing to do
that's the epitome
Oh
take that the key to is helping like you
do
ah son of a bitch
and the left one just honks your horn
Jesus jerk
if you guys are completely
I advise you to go
or smarter
oh you have two more people
no Chinese government
thirty first time playing a video game
in a long time
that wasn't bad thanks honey you're so
affordable ladies I want to see who wins
lose rest make dinner I don't know you
get three million 3.2 million oh well
that's that's not good
literally Zoey is a lot of thing in this
house and you're hidden underneath it
for some reason Allie and I just got
this sudden urge to go upstairs and just
play a bunch of video games as you can
see Zoey has taken over the sack of love
when you and B where's Marley she went
downstairs no of course she wanted the
giant better so we haven't played video
games in a long long time that's one of
the weird things you would think being a
blogger you would have a lot more extra
time to do things but in actuality you
don't so I haven't actually been able to
play a video game and a quiet other than
my phone and quite a long time Oh
playing pinball way don't mess with me
on my pinball machine as I say that it's
just mopping leave it alone okay
I feel like this little thing is gonna
take forever to do this this is good
it's not that bad come here look it's
just like the robot remember the robot I
believe this is actually 2017
like honestly like 2017 it's really
weird it's gonna it seemed like a like a
jets in the stable thing it does make a
fake number you know what anyways think
about two is like back in the early
2000s where we predicted the future
would be like what it would be like at
this point it's Lanka with self-driving
cars
kind of we kind of have a hoverboard
I guess it's close the question of the
day is what piece of technology are you
disappointed that is not here that was
depicted back in the day like what kind
of technology do you want now for the
future for me I would like to have
self-driving cars everywhere hello
flankers they go how about a money McFly
hoverboard I think that's actually
pretty cool but I want to see I would I
think if something was like no the whole
like robot thing like where you actually
had like robots that communicating with
you and like did things of you well that
was the other thing we have robots to
clean the house and we have robots in
the lights and all that stuff so that's
that's kind of technology right there
sleeping Wow hope you guys enjoyed
today's video please click that little
like button right there so it's perfect
way for you guys let me know that you
guys like the video we will see you guys
tomorrow as always I can't wait to read
the comments and see what kind of
features futuristic things you guys were
thinking of I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always bye guys don't forget to
subscribe to guys are brand new that's
Ali and I'm Charles that's Zoe
that's diesel and Marley is right over
there and welcome to the CTFxC she's
tired of yawning yawning good night guys
bye guys
