excuse me ma'am thank you get in the
last couple sniffs of 2016 guys D is
incredibly interested in just keeping up
with these kayakers this is what you
call spoiled Marley you know most dogs
sleep on the ground focus on that peak
your peak nose is gone I just realized
that like clockwork in the summer she's
got the pig nose and in the winter she's
got a normal black humps if you don't
believe me look at all the video footage
from this summer she's got the pig nose
Finley was standing on top of char
looking out the window and then char
tried to move him and he said oh this is
not happening dude I'm sitting on your
lap no matter what so yeah family's
coming on this trip with us today but
he's gonna go and hang out at rafters
while the other pups are hanging out at
home enjoying their new year's I think I
know your New Year's kiss is gonna be
sharp
because but I love you or I love you or
if the more he does it I love you oh
look at the love millions ogres no you
know what I'm not even jealous
it's nice to see you guys this evening
Williams
I've been upgraded from security last
year you're a sheriff now into the bed
and breakfast whose name I don't
remember welcome
hey Zoey I got my canine unit with me
sheriff sheriff
give me a DAB
are you allowed to have that gun sheriff
I think this is me which makes filming
tonight very very easy photographer all
right you just need your we're going
above and beyond
it's Bronson I will let you take that on
yourself unless you leave the TSA swipe
we don't want to sexual harass with a
building right now I'm also an
entrepreneur so you know I I don't want
to entrepreneur anybody without getting
to know I'm doing the videographer this
very today
coup rock with a pilot with a hand-drawn
hospital going on
drew let's meet you Dylan Dylan nice to
meet you nice to meet you
Cameron I sweet you Cameron what do you
do Deborah shack like a lumberjack
I shouldn't date anyone actually yet one
our cousins
I do not haven't even been there first
time
English
on top of everything else
here's the thing I'm actually supposed
to be filming this whole situation
somebody makes things so much harder do
that on top of everything else we got a
comedian we're not sure what it yep it
seemed like your current director want
you to keep that I just want to keep
that in there you go through yeah sir
sir Frankie over there yeah too busy was
never given to the media
I never still do
I know I guess insane like just before
you guys came in gorilla
cuz then he gave us the briefing person
we all come in this pamphlet you will
receive when you open up this packet you
will receive some information that's
happening before something else you will
have the ability to try to figure out
what happened to somebody's follow the
instructions figure out how this night
goes okay guys this is round two
now
selphie
there you go tell dr. Frankie is super
vain no you know what echo is echos the
absolutely worst pilot I've ever had to
work for my team everyone that's worked
for him or work I mean he's taken over
yeah
sheriff okay so he's leaving the
ballroom at home I went to the bathroom
about eight minutes before she actually
got shot
over here in the hallway yeah the car it
might be contaminated who's when this
shooting is gone off like crazy lately
well opposed that this is like Zoe Zoe
toy Jordan Jones I thought there and I
touched it
dr. Franken what do you think is
actually the solution I don't even know
oh here's my thing because we have
ghosts now what's really going on is I
go see why we're all dead like success
reflection right there if you need it
is that gonna suggest pop all right
hammer time if you got a killer one this
girl right here ran me over and I
retrospective so long forget that broke
all my ribs and read your card and then
you're gonna organizing so many people I
not guilty
I owe Tracy a lot of money on our Super
Bowl event last year
get her Harper what's that wait let me
see your face actually oh I feel better
jammer let's be honest you weren't
sending any of your boys over to teach
Tracy lesson you hired me to teach Tracy
lesson of that habit here take care of
Tracy ho there is no way that risk my
career was such a notable crime with
obvious evidence it was my gun
sure using the crime but somebody quick
and shady took it from the table that I
left it at not guilty but Cameron I
still get paid that's pop baby now that
we have Pender on wheels demolished we
can have far less accidents accidents at
Pandora City I'm definitely not guilty
I'm a doctor Horton I'm swore to save
lives not take him Tracy she was a
horrible neighbor and I hated Tracy but
I wouldn't have waited to murder Tracy
while I'm at the party I could have done
it at any time while she was at home I
admit that I did contemplate it nearly
every night run yeah
just watch Zach trying to babies even
working on this we just started reading
a book called
yeah it's just about like the over
why you know pokey over here okay all
right
can I have my bottle with this
okay nervous excited for years
buddy
go Philly go
so Ryan's got one point I got zero I'm
not gonna lie guys oh I'm only halfway
through his beer it feels like I get
completely drunk
it just kind of feels nice to be a
little bit more normal deal why not one
minute one not one minutes one so he's
got one none wait wait wait I headed
that out
look at this party pooper berlioz party
pooper Happy New Year little one
truly only came out with a hole in one
right into the hole that's this green
thing with the Leapfrog really okay
buddy Shane you okay there buddy let's
scare the shit out of me this is very
weird oh I thought it was like yeah it's
do it that would have sucked if that
didn't go in now that leapfrog is done
Christy and I are still in the lead
Christian Ally are making new rules for
cornhole
hey Bigfoot whoo that was a long night
happy new year happy new year to all of
you guys my favorite beginning of year
2017 a number that just seems kind of
comical and crazy to think about happy
new year good riddance to 2016 there was
so some things that were kind of
stressful a little crazy on our part and
I'm glad it's kind of over but there's
some good parts or some crappy parts
obviously with everything but I'm really
looking forward to 2017 I was able to
have a beer I drank one beer and that
was it I was it was kind of crazy I was
like fell so I don't want stay drunk but
I felt so tipsy it was like so out of it
and it reminded me that how much I hate
beer and alcohol so that'll probably be
the last one I do for a very long time
if ever maybe the wedding
awesome champagne what keeps going off
the refrigerator has have an interest
now it's happening here for the question
of the day I know it was a long long
video today I hope you like that is so
much happened I want you guys to tell me
your new year's resolution like what do
you plan on doing for 2017 for me I just
want to like stay healthy I just want to
be a little bit less stressful with like
the stupid things in life one of the
things also I hope you guys figure out
who the murderer was in the whole like
murder mystery thing it may have been a
little confusing I tried to chop it up a
little bit just to make sure like it
made somewhat sense but I know it bless
you were there it didn't make sense to
me either so I can understand if you got
it right if you figured out it was
Kerry's character you're pretty freaking
amazing just raise off of that and I'm
gonna freakin go to bed it's bad m'kay I
know it's 5:00 in the morning for no I'm
sorry
you got 5:00 in the morning look so
technically this is a vlog overlapping
another vlog shut up Charles go to bed
okay so I've talked to
yep too long all right good night guys
love you
