good morning guys this is about like 50
degrees in Florida it is freezing for us
show you how much those she liked it now
you look like regal now Zoe on the other
hand is a huge fan but she's actually
been shivering so she's kind of cold
come on let's get this on I don't know
what you guys would do in the cook like
freaking snow
you freeze your butts off I feel like I
was the last person ever to get this and
I think it came in the perfect day but
basically our new buddy okay Google what
is the temperature outside that's cold
it was 53 this morning it was pretty
darn cold see we've been singing it on
everyone so we haven't actually had the
opportunity to see it for ourselves you
only see like yeah we kind of were the
last people to get it actually I haven't
seen it in person or on someone until
you guys start putting them on Twitter
and now I really like it what size is
that I really like it the way I don't
know if we told you guys first the whole
winter season we're doing this plus a
beanie like a bundle sale basically
you're getting a beanie for five bucks
if you get this I'll put a link it's
just CTFxC eMERCOM
you guys know it hold tight freeze frame
kind of like this magic of editing guys
yeah so go get it warm your head warm
your body CTFxC Merce calm it's only
until the beanie sellout so
I don't know when that's gonna be so I'd
go get it right now this is actually
really nice all right I really like it
especially like it's a little bit
lighter yeah this isn't me just saying
that because it's my hoodie bro you
actually be really really really like it
now look back at it
wait what there's this a turn and look
back at it we got look at me give me
your baby ice padam oh yeah oh yeah talk
dirty to me I know you're asking why I'm
sitting up here on this table but that
doesn't mean that you should be up here
my friend obviously you guys can tell
but I still have to really clean up from
Christmas this is very sad this is
incredibly pathetic kind of embarrassing
to but you know that's okay I am in slow
motion right now I've been in slow
motion for the past like couple of days
just because I felt like everything was
happening all at once which is very true
that's usually what happens when it
comes to holidays now life is catching
up to us and big news today guess what
we're doing so we're going to try and
write it out and send out all of our
wedding invitations okay I'm the only
one who's gonna be doing it not because
I don't love Charles not because Charles
wouldn't help it Charles handwriting as
opposed to my handwriting is just mines
like mine's like here Rose is like here
yeah like right there nothing is bad
it's not bad but I just have put your
handwriting yeah okay he said it okay if
you he doesn't really been ready I was
eating my sandwich and I looked at the
receipt and it says Gary so I don't know
if I took the wrong persons sandwich the
reason I say that because I know I said
Charles and I understand like I like
Charles Gary that's really far-fetched
and they didn't charge me for my drink
so I guess they stole that apple juice
do you know my favorite thing is every
coffee shop I've gone Alan so many times
and I kind of just like like look at
them like Alan like I could see Alice or
like Allison or Alex Alan thank Charles
and Gary I don't
you look like an Allen babe I wish they
called you like Christine ours would be
Shirley
I think of Charles a female version of
Charles is Charlotte right it's
apparently a female version of Ali's
Alan yeah you look like an Alan let's go
we have to pick up how many how many
stamps 6,000 stamps 300 stamps still
real one you know we're gonna do some
one thoughtless well yes a good point
but we have to get the stamp and then we
put the envelope with the stamps because
we're gonna be very courteous to so this
would be a stamp in a stop pria a
prefilled envelope whatever I own asleep
I don't know why like that we're going
in for a thorough phoner stamps that
they would bring this old bucket over to
us and like throw it down and all these
stamps would like go flying but
literally this is 300 stamps right here
dude that's how much just stickers the
most expensive stickers ever thought
it'd be a lot more cooler than this what
it says you know I'm actually kind of
disappointed right now I was really like
what do we saw a whole bunch that were
on the wall oh my god that one's cool
that one's cool oh this one's like help
save the animals no just this no if we
just get a little literally black flags
that's what it's called I'm sorry black
and white American flag this is a black
flag they are black and white come on
that's actually kind of funny you see
that truck over there doesn't that look
like every stereotypical movie like
surveillance van it does it's like a
pool cleaner or something and then the
FBI is in there just chilling
surveilling probably those neighbors
over there and I always defend that
you're not a pig you need that whole
thing you're like a goldfish you'd eat
until you exploded thank you for being
the normal one oh yeah of course these
are your being the good one
Thank You D these pigs over here I'm
just gonna eat out of the bowl
till they explode a lot of you guys have
been asking over and over and over when
the wedding is actually happening we've
always said March but we never said the
day I don't know what I think we just
kind of kept it
for getting the say but today we are
going to announce our wedding date you
ready
imma let Ali do it so we're getting
married when in March and what day on
the 11th there it is
so that Matt's official 311 just like I
think yes what you guys already do this
before so this is like my friend Shelley
she is someone who actually took this
photo and design his forest so this is
like on one side and I don't want to
show you all the details but this is the
other side of it RSVP card this it's
really elegant simple I want to see
where it says the date I want to see how
official looks it's official guys 311
2017 Shelley Pearson design she's rad
but now we're gonna handwrite all these
all these envelopes see I was saying
that we need to get is like one of those
little stampers like a rubber stamp but
I don't think we can overnight it quick
enough but anyway I know you guys have
been asking over and over and over again
what the date was now you know 311 2017
it's gonna be easy to remember - because
I just gotta think of a band all the
time so it's good for me crazy I know
it's like I'm like less than three
months but it's just it's been such a
crazy year you know and it's just so
cool to see you know all this hard work
and just everything I've been through
and like finally getting to the prank I
know you know less than three months
away it's really cool and then right
after tour we're going on our honeymoon
and I've already been trying to figure
out where we're gonna go on that one
we're not quite sure yet I'm still
trying to figure out some places I have
some ideas that I've been wanting to go
places I've been wanting to always go to
so I'm like talking to a couple people
like travel agents to see if there's any
way that can actually happen and then if
it can happen then Natalie I have to
figure out what place we're gonna go
that I'm not gonna tell you guys until I
know for sure
little by little guys got the first one
done the first one I'm pretty good at
stamping things my handwriting is
atrocious so I'm letting Ally do that
part the great thing is that you don't
I gotta do this so now you can't get now
you won't get spider eggs in your mouth
first ones out not done so weird is that
myth that you looked too many like
stamps and my envelopes envelopes do you
say envelope or envelope envelope you
say envelope yeah so go get me an
envelope yeah I think I'd say I'm blue
you say potato I say potato
whoever did say that or you say no it
says potato well it was it like you like
a bunch of stamps or envelopes or
envelopes I'm sorry that you get spider
eggs I have never heard that in my life
you never heard that no you would lick
too many envelopes then they're respite
or eggs everywhere so you just put
spider eggs in your body no one else
knew this it's probably not true so he
Snopes that so I have stamped all of
these and so far Ali let me see the what
we have done completed put away all in
here but I've been writing out all these
little mini ones since the problem
Ali has to write all these out yes we
are we aren't doing the stickers yeah I
said oh we have for dummies like my cozy
you don't understand like everything out
give me a break
can you show what you're doing the
little special thing as well Oh Ali's
going to bubble yardie look it's their
stuff I bought it for something else do
you want to make those
guess what bandits is if you understand
and guessed it right without using
Suzanne I'm gonna talk right now so you
can't use Suzanne while I'm talking talk
talk talk
let me know if you know it you're
amazing you get a million cool points no
no that's what unrealistic you get ten
full points that's realistic but when
Holly's finishing up all the invites
there's a lot of it's kind of like
taking a long time I'm gonna go get some
food and I have to say I am so lucky
today that my buddy came yes I want to
rock it and it's it's actually kind of
warm I know it seems like I'm this like
God get our hoodie kind of thing but
like honestly it is freaking warm when
we do a new shirt or new hoodie we're
always last ones to get it like you guys
always seem to get it way before we even
like come close to getting it which is
good because that means they're shipping
everything out quickly but at the same
time I freaking want one also I actually
really potentially awesome news I talked
to the DMV's Medical Board they're
reviewing everything a little bit more
because it's been over like six months
knock on wood since I've had a seizure
all those issues and they're reviewing
everything early 2017 like in January
the first week so I might be able to
actually drive again at the beginning of
the year so that would be the most
amazing start of 2017 if that actually
happens so Badham fingers crossing big
time see the cop right there
didn't care was on a golf cart for that
one lady some reason really really
really hard
I knew that lady was just having a bad
day oh yeah when I called him yesterday
they said for some reason the whole
medical thing was pushed back or on
pause which is kind of crappy because
that means he's been on pause for over
four months and that's why I haven't
heard anything back but she got it all
expedited so hopefully at the beginning
of January I will get the answer I'm
hoping it's a yes because I want to be
normal again that would just be nice
snowed be good start of the year sis be
normal again
normal in the sense of being able to do
things while having to use uber or
driving a golf cart in the freezing 50
degree weather I think it should what is
the temperature right now
yes 55 degrees for Floridian it's cold
everyone else in the world
I know Oh another cool thing that I
found out for my doctor is that for
years but it actually cleared to
actually drink again so I'm able to
actually have alcohol so I'm picking out
my first bottle of wine it's kind of
weird I don't know if I'm actually gonna
drink it though the girl just bring it
to the party on New Year's Eve at the
same time it's kind of nice to be over
had that option things everything's
coming up Charles Thank You diesel I got
a laugh at the fact that you're wearing
a Snoopy jacket ding-dong yeah kind of
touching back what I was saying in the
store the doctor is pretty much giving
me the okay to kind of start drinking
again if I choose to actually I don't
know if I want to anymore it's kind of
funny or a drink coffee too so like
basically all my old stuff I just have
to do it in moderation which is of
course it's kind of like everything you
have to do in moderation it was kind of
a cool thing to actually hear I honestly
don't know if it's something I'm ever
gonna want to do again I haven't drank
my alcohol since 2012 Warped Tour and to
be honest I haven't missed it the only
thing I truly missed its coffee like
iced coffee so that might be kind of
cool to be able to have that again if I
actually want to even do it I probably
won't even end up doing it there are
still so many and Christmas lights on
everyone's houses right now I thought
people would take them down by now sorry
distracted by shiny lights literally
well yeah no I don't know I was kind of
thinking about it when he told me that I
was okay but I kind of got the
thinking's like I don't really miss it
on tour it might be a whole different
story because that's pretty much all you
can really do not really but I mean you
know what I mean like you've seen tour
you've seen how rough and like dirty and
gritty it is it's basically just kind of
nice after so many years not being able
you know being told that you can't do
something and then after years you're
like oh now I'm not allowed to do these
things so it's it's kind of exciting I'm
actually really excited it's kind of I
don't really know how to explain the
feeling unless you've actually
do something like that it's weird
because after so many years you know you
ought to do something because of X Y Z
but then as you progress with everything
you're allowed to it's kind of honestly
a little scary because I haven't done it
in a long time it's more of the fact of
having the option and the availability
of having to be able to make my own
choice does that make sense I feel like
that makes more sense because I didn't
want it to come off off the wrong
direction or the wrong wrong way of just
like wanting to constantly just getting
drunk this is more the freedom to choose
I think it's kind of exciting for me Oh
guys it's freezing it's like 40 degrees
now it dropped you guys look like
service isn't know what it is a
three-headed dog never scary though in a
Snoopy jacket and too little plat
jackets alleys always the one cooking so
today I decided to switch it up I'm
making spinach ravioli with garlic bread
pretty simple I know but at least you
haven't have to deal with it
does anyone else do this I don't think
this is the proper way but I always like
just do this with the butter so it's
easier to put it on the actual bread I
just feel like it's easier it's probably
totally wrong oh my god it smells so
good I think we got most of the
invitations taken care of
gotta probably do a little bit more but
I have a question for you guys for the
question of the day obviously the
question so the question of the day for
today kind of goes back to the the
lights the Christmas lights I wanted to
ask you guys how late do you guys keep
Christmas lights up like our Christmas
decorations like after Christmas do you
take it out or after the New Year's I
feel like for us that tree is not gonna
go anywhere until after the new year
if you don't celebrate Christmas
whatever holiday you celebrate when do
you take those decorations down sorry I
give Zoey a bone and she's having fun
right now please please please don't
forget to click that little like button
and if you want to go get those hoodies
in the beanie bundle I'll put a link in
the description is basically CTFxC merch
calm I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a wonderful night like
