thank you everything to do Thursday to
sit on my phone trying to reach someone
at the furniture store to let them know
that our furniture is messed up
Billy Peter they have better elevator
music for this waiting music I should
say nope it's the same thing over and
over we decided to take a little stroll
along the beach it's actually really
really nice out Marley's the place
Marley always likes the cheese's worst
so she's done squirrel hunting Patrol
right now Zoe on the other hand is on
goofy mode doofus doofus Marley and DS
are always fighting to be the leader of
the pack
and Zoe just doesn't give a crap
sometimes it's Marley sometimes it's
diesel and Zoe's off in our own little
derpy world probably go back to being
good and sit looks like there was a nerf
gun massacre over here
this one there one there and one there
there must have been one epic nerf gun
battle oh there's another one we're
there hey guys so it's a little bit
different we usually do the challenges
and games on Sunday but since the new
year's is coming we decided to do a
challenge game day today because news
day we're gonna be in Orlando yeah we're
gonna be hanging out there and somebody
New Year's Eve and all that fun no one's
good
anyway so we found this game it's called
toilet trouble
yes toilet toilet trouble
so it's basically adulting for kids kind
of seems like a variation of like my
face you see that's adulting for kids
yeah bad comparison it's a terrible
comparison I wonder who really comes up
with these games because every time that
we have a new game that we play they get
more and more bizarre this is something
that really happens and they made a game
out of it which is smart I don't really
know the point system this is actually a
brand new game I have no idea so we're
gonna like we literally put this
together we're like we're gonna just go
ahead and play this as if you're playing
it for the very first time which we are
and we're not gonna look into it too
much so we're gonna start from the very
beginning with you guys right I think it
just came out so like it was very little
these challenge videos to even go by so
okay so let's let's see let's read it
first so you need to make sure the
toilet is flipped up to the upward
position which we have okay you need to
fill the toilet bowl to the line like it
normally in the toilet yeah with clean
tap water prepares a toilet for gameplay
by flushing the handle until water
begins to spray
we just want to show you what it looks
like okay the giant turd
it's a little toilet thank god there's
no mrs. Howard spinner can you imagine
though it's a you've made like
fake-looking
we could actually do probably put like
food coloring or something like chicken
eels
yeah with corn I won't put a piece of
corn in there it's a corn kernel take
the toilet in front of you with the
toilet bowl facing you so initial sway
okay spin the toilet paper roll cuz
right here so right here guys kind of
like the price is right wheel yeah
except for it's the toilet paper people
press down on the handle to flush the
toilet the number of times shown on the
spinner okay and then if you only hear a
flushing wait if you only hear a
pleasant job but no water is sprayed
when you flush
you are safe if you get sprayed by the
gush of water you're out however we'll
just losing weight okay yeah well do
yeah as always in the comments tell us
if your team ally or team Charles lately
lately I think I've been winning no I I
actually can't remember I have to go
look at one female your team Charles
make your decision now no flip-flopping
you got to type it right now before we
start so that way you can't switcher
your thing later favorite rock Scissors
shoot gotcha you're out you go first
so I spin it spin it and yet we watch
three times do I have to do it until
it's bigger than all fair like a sound
or yes sound noise
we're gonna go again you know doing
something I'm actually really happy that
we didn't use any other tip like this
yeah exactly like you would be blinded
right now oh why are your face would be
blue because we'd probably use the blue
oh if we think about doing a food color
coming that and the whole couch probably
then okay so yeah
three
I'm gonna get sprayed - you're gonna get
sprayed exactly
yeah yeah so you have four points I have
one point
yes yes no let's do the other way around
so you got four points because I lost I
think I got one point yes okay okay
and the first really a strategy to who
wins and there really is an extra social
drama but again it's like that balloon
Russian Roulette game where she's gone
there's actually so much what and you
have no idea what it was
I'm kicking butt now therefore I got to
I'm catching up and catching up I got
this - how about we have to put our face
like this from now on
yeah it's go ahead face right in through
now they go a little bit more
interesting so much fun it's scary no
matter what you do you're never prepared
for water this corner do that or
anything miss corn your face so from now
on you gotta keep your eyes open cuz
otherwise it's just okay so I have five
and I got like what to give them the jam
that's why thought I'd be so good at
winnable games back there I think it's a
roulette - I'm gonna get it
I feel like what I even fazed by it
anymore very refreshing it where nobody
my clan my dogs outside eating my plants
I've lost track of the score five three
four for me but like it's really getting
here thank you
no no I feel like I'm having hot flashes
out okay so I think we're five five ooh
this games awesome though mom jokes
again don't do that straight in the eye
ball like this okay
go go sorry like a little bit you know
like when girl some makeup on or like if
they're putting on like masks everything
you're like open your eyes like are you
open your mouth I'm sorry you opened
your mouth when you're putting on
mascara no you don't even need tells me
laughs yeah but that's I can't like so
sick no you don't but I like with this I
can't help but like open my eyes a
little bit at Mike what's the point of
the toilet seat okay when you're done
you memory
you don't I guess that's alright 7:6
like this got it eight six nine one okay
I might have it now come on
this is the toilet now I'm flushing for
all the time you so scared when you're
done using the potty
sit down good toilet seat down you guys
voted for me to win or pick your king
what kicked my team do you guys think
boat whatever it's the same there's
sellouts
so if you guys picked me to be the
winner you are Epping
if you picked me I'm sorry next time I
will win just know what is your ball no
I go he's a sore take off
no Charlie if I get this UN's I don't
then we're playing another three I feel
I feel vindicated now we don't have to
keep away it I just have one last time
it's not like it was being very dark
time we can keep kings thanks you so
much for watching today's video
please don't forget to click the little
Lighthouse these okay your turn
thank you so much for watching today's
video
please don't forget to click the like
button it's over there over by Ally
click down the like button and we'll do
more of these challenges please if you
have any more random games like this
please let us know because this is this
is the most random one I had the over
freaking game I think that we have ever
played click the like button and we'll
do more of these challenges please if
you have any more random games like this
please let us let us know because this
is this is the most random one I had to
overtake this freaking game I think that
we have ever played it's it's so no joke
on the hometown show I saw this
backstage and I overnighted it so we
could play this game so anyway don't
forget to subscribe and we will see you
guys tomorrow is over actually question
of the day guys I want you to tell me
your lifelong favorite game of all time
I would have to say mine would be fight
mouse trap which by the way we may not
live oak lose a good one too it was like
my I just love that I could get lost in
I can I just have to get stuck blind
clues your junior because some reason my
friend's mom wouldn't let us leave I
have the original
I don't know why it wasn't bad I think
literally I think Mike my game is
probably like 20 years old
yeah it's Illidan yeah anyway so tell us
in the comments what's your favorite one
and so they're gonna please upload video
bye guys
oh yeah don't forget down
hey guys hi please turn it off
so he's doing that bit then to ensure
that no water remains inside the toilet
flush the handle repeatedly until water
stops pray tell me well there's a whole
bunch and we're gonna pour it up alright
little board okay man leave the toilet
upside down to dry thoroughly we've been
doing it wrong this whole time
nope going to go to the sink get away
from me I'm not playing anymore
