good morning guys sorry I have no shirt
on right now I'm just too lazy and I
wanted to say good morning I'm still
recovering from yesterday it was a long
freaking day an amazing show but a very
long day I'm actually eating some
breakfast finally I just got the video
online look at this got gold spoons
somebody actually sent as gold spoons
they're not real don't worry these
aren't like real gold spoons but they'd
be even cooler though we're baller
balling out with our gold spoons
some people get gold necklaces like
Frankie we get gold spoons who's the
true gangster so what you guys are not
seeing right now so I'm gonna start the
day off this is screaming like a flip
screen on the camera one of these crisps
popped out so it's like wobbling back
and forth and of course this would
happen today true Christmas fashion
after Christmas you return everything
you got
I love these so just some yeah I guess
it doesn't really go this time but it's
so funny I always like this to be the
most humorous time of the year because
people get all their presents and then
like the day after Christmas or the next
rule book just of my face for the
following days after Christmas has
happened people are always returning all
their gifts I'm not returning anything
Charles is gonna be retrieving it I got
him but Kayla's just returning pants and
I was Mike MC purchase Katelyn tipsy
purchasing brother guys don't ever tipsy
purchase and then that was an excuse to
tell Tom
Caitlyn is trying to find some pants
cause you got too much booty in the in
the trunk Christmas no matter what they
did it is they are going to be going on
a ski trip we did the flash or anything
how do you feel I like alone you do you
think if you fell I like come on you
think that's how you feel how you really
feel about Taco Bell and that person's
gonna show us okay so it was not
completely my fault
good job good job it's just that these
things won't loose all the time
the only downfall I feel like to the g7x
is that Lamar - this is the mark - yeah
the g7x doesn't do this when the screen
folds out and folds up these little guys
are here so these little guys he screws
let me focus hand so these little screws
right here tend to come loose very very
easily that's standard one right here
yeah that's oh they're coming up as it
comes a little bit loose and it goes
like this and then it's are jiggling and
I'm guys hear that so you have to take
like what are these eye glass room yeah
they're hot it's an eyeglass repair can
thank God for those and the screws are
perfect so just a little life hack if
you have putting these cameras and you
lose when two screws just find one of
those eye glass repair kits the screws
fit for him
perfect oh you know cuz what you guys
didn't see earlier is that I was filming
and it was like swaying back and forth
which could be very bad home dog but so
no this one's good it's nice and
straight out though
uh-huh is it is it nice and good to
tighten up
don't you do it
she did bark warning she did give you a
warning hon yeah yeah that's true we
have to a good diesel at some point yeah
well that was my plan home dog I gotta
go pick up some medication so I decided
to bring the whole family
Alys eating your shirt salad that is so
we Marley loves seeing dogs and they
like to look at him like oh yeah we're
on a golf cart we don't have to walk see
lazy now that just makes us cool right
soy Marling's down there ready to jump
out any squirrel that she sees
she'll never do that again probably went
to get my medication and they kind of
gypping us out of dog treats now oh gosh
it's the end of the world for them they
only have three billion left of them
so this is how I keep Marlee blocked in
because I get so nervous doing this golf
cart thing especially when we're
crossing roads like this where it's like
super busy hours at noon I'm not a noob
I just
she loves to leave gets really
overconfident from the fact that she can
lean way over so I get her locked down
and lunches the valleys legs
it's very weird to be driven around
without nothing what he's driving well
well
I'm sure you guys can hear me before
this my voice is so loud
why is that always I like the buzz for
versatility every type of thing it's
like my favorite thing is that happening
recently is is the cellphone take after
we seize a sentence or we say something
clever you know I didn't say you can
separate them from them but still every
time there's a ding well look who's back
you ready buddy I always feel so bad
when I read to him from my mom's house
because Lowell IMAX just they love him
so much and Lola is such an emotional
dog I mean just truly the most emotional
creature I've ever known in my entire
life and I always feel so bad whenever I
I bring him back home with me because I
know like breaks our heart into a
million million pieces that's why I try
and bring it back and forth a lot I know
it seems really weird to either new
viewers or viewers that have been around
for many many years it's just something
that my mom really appreciates that I
get to do and I know diesel loves to go
and see max and Lola and get singing out
with them but I miss him so much so it's
nice to get to bring him home but now we
gotta go get dog food head back to the
house and we're gonna go actually see
some of Charles friends I'm actually
gonna meet some mitosis friends and I
that I have never met before and our
entire relationship so I'm kind of
excited about that's a little nervous
but I'm definitely excited yeah nobody
going need to get here mr. D chunky
Deedle Harley your buddy's back so your
pals back is he is squirming around feel
a wiggle room going back over the Skyway
Bridge for the
third time in a row third day in a row
right they were actually gonna go meet
up with my friends all a Andrew Ricci
and their wives basically these are
people that were at the beginning of my
career and just beginning of my life
like all I have known since second grade
same thing with Andrew and Ricki was
actually my college roommate that we all
became really good friends so back
actually Ricki was the one I pranked
with a long time ago when I did the
whole April Fool's Day
this was back the early days I think was
just when I was on MySpace I'm pretty
sure I have a clip somewhere I can give
you my account number and stuff like
that and if you can just like go to the
bank or something like that withdrawal
or I can call and maybe like have them
like let you have it or something like
that I don't know it's like so summer
offer like like down baby R so I don't I
don't know I have to get that or
something I'm what I need to get like
500 out 0 1 2006
who was that kidding of course I had a
club hey Marley Marley Zooey Marley
Marley look to your left
diesel diesel we're so terrible and your
worst part as we're sitting right
outside of the house yeah Molly look to
your left you doofus oh okay what you
guys don't know is that right now he's
putting on the face he's got a really
bad headache
so you wore hat tonight and every time I
wear had it really gives them a bad
headache but tonight what we did we
didn't really feel much tonight because
I actually met some of Charles really
really close friends that I have not had
the pleasure of meeting since we have
been together because a lot of them live
out in the States a lot of them are just
you know it's super busy it's really
hard so tonight what we did is we spent
time together and really got to know
each other which I had met a few of them
before but not all of them so it was
really a cool moment one of the things
that Charles and I have been trying to
do with vlogging and with what we do for
a living is we've been trying to take
time to ourselves and trying to take
time with you know different situations
in our life where we're not pulling out
a camera we're genuinely just sitting
there and chatting with their friends
and not worrying whether or not we're
filming a certain situation or we're
making sure that we capture something
really really funny we're really really
trying to make a conscious effort to
spend time together and with our loved
ones without having to feel that we're
obligated to pull out the camera which
obviously we love sharing our life with
you we obviously love showing this
awesome moments with you guys but
sometimes it's just nice to keep little
things to ourselves after filming for
like what is it like 8 or 9 years now
I've always been really really stressed
with like Ali said
always filming the right moment and
getting you know the right shot and
things like that so like what I'm
hanging out with friends I'm there but
I'm not there I don't know if that makes
any sense
constantly just always thinking about
the next thing I should film and today
was really nice because I haven't seen
these people and years and it was really
nice to just gotten Ricky was the one
that actually named Zoe so it was
actually really kind of cool to see
everyone and catch up with everyone
because I don't normally get to do that
but so today it was a little bit of a
weird day and I'm just gonna this I'm
just gonna take this day to myself
that's what I'm gonna do I'm just gonna
take this as my one day okay my one day
in eight years that's my day yeah it
comes it goes without saying I know you
guys are getting this and you guys
probably stay in your head you know
Charles shut up we get it you know
filming for eight years you're straight
with it going on nine you you get into
this habit of always like I said pulling
out the camera and I felt like I'm
trying to break the habit I'm trying to
balance the habit I guess
I guess would be the best way to say
because I've noticed I get so focused
and so fixated I don't enjoy the moment
and I think that's really important
especially as we get older you know as
Ali and I get married you know
eventually we'll have kids and it's very
important to me to be able to like
balance the moment as well as the oh the
internet life because I don't want to
have you know because we just got to see
my friend Ali who just had a kid Ali
ingests so kind of like reminded me a
little bit because when Ali and I have
kids
I don't want to be focused necessarily
I'm always pulling out the camera sorry
I was running out of and missing out on
something you know for example like you
know if our kids starts walking I don't
want to be focused on yeah I don't want
to be focused on trying to find
where's the camera wait hold on hold him
up do it again you know I don't want to
be focused on that kind of stuff I want
to be living in the moment and going
back to sharing the moment and sharing
her life with you guys versus kind of
fairly stressing about it not that I'm
stressed but that
I think the holidays tend to battle
that's my child right there I think the
holidays tend to get a little
overwhelming for a lot of people and you
get so caught up taking care of so many
other people and like worrying about
other people you get so caught up in
these moments and that you just really
don't even enjoy the holidays yeah but
you have all these amazing people that
are coming into town and when we spend
time with you so today was that day like
I really was that era where you're like
you know what let's slow down pump the
brakes let's go hang out with our
friends let's just not worry about
things hold on we got the brat over here
and truthfully to be completely 100%
honest I didn't like actually think like
you know pull the camera you're not
filming I actually was just just hanging
out with everyone so it was actually
kind of a cool kind of situation so okay
Diesel's back so as you can see Ali is
super happy I mean that's just kind of
like what I was thinking and that's kind
of like what happened today
you know first off Ali scared the crap
out of me and then got to see some
friends okay we shares I know yeah sure
you so much for watching today's video
it really means a lot
truly honestly all from the deep of my
heart because these things are such an
amazing treasure you guys are a treasure
because I get to I was talking with
everyone all a gest man drew and Ricky
and we were talking about all these cool
moments that we shared together and I
was able to like kind of go back to the
videos it would kind of watched kind of
the older stuff so it was really kind of
nice to be able to do that and that's
why I think is beautiful to have these
says like a like a document documenting
my life and sharing my life please don't
forget to click the little thumbs up
button it's right here and just do that
so that way I know you enjoyed today's
video what was the most memorable moment
was it your grandpa farting we're
actually honestly my uncle used to do
that all the time he would just fart and
that was always the funniest thing in
the world swish does a kid but they were
rancid or you know something like that I
don't know there's your sister fall on
her face
yeah actually it was so bad I couldn't
even film it at his grandmother was she
killed it Charles told me that I was
like the most difficult thing in the
world to edit because yeah it was
actually
I actually I was editing it and I was
like well can't use any of this and if
you never played that game you know what
I'm talking about so I think they would
try to be the best moment for Ally in
mine I think would have to be the
hometown show because I feel like the
hometown show is always a nice way of
ending the holiday season let Ally and I
know yours tell us in the comments guys
and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night bye say bye
sorry say goodnight say goodnight
