good morning guys action shot right now
it's too much too much I'm already tired
good morning guys it's so zoomed in we
sit without a whole lot it's so hot I
came out today is the hometown show as
you can see I had my gear we're heading
down to Palmetto Florida brains in
Florida essentially and I'm trying to
get the vlog up in time it's gonna be a
good show this is our 10th anniversary
one so this is gonna be my fifth or
sixth one I think now it's gonna be a
lot has to be a lot of fun the only
problem we're hearing so far as Coley
his plane keeps going back to the gate
cuz he was in Connecticut
so we're fingers crossed that he makes
it he's not gonna make soundcheck so we
just got a pray and hope that he does I
don't know what figures crossing means
it seems like a weird thing to hope for
but anyway yeah it's a weird
superstition go play some songs that we
haven't played before or what in a while
is all the college shows he was
purchasing last night I was trying to
help them
yeah it's one of those things you know
usually it's muscle memory because I've
worked where we played the same songs
every day for 33 months and then for the
college shows we kind of sprinkle in
like little ones but this show we're
going to be playing songs we have a play
probably since the art of tour this
guy's grooving all right he stops
look at this year I don't have to set up
all the Christmas lights or anything
like that
Frankie what are you doing I can't see
you under that bandanna wait wait okay
you guys remember the other day wait
he's in shorts again how'd you do
still no frickin shoelace no way do you
look incredibly short right now oh no
I'm not sure if you guys know this but
that that is actually Kohli I'm gonna be
calling this we just found out cold
flight out of Detroit is probably so so
Frankie riot yeah well I just called him
Ryan and incompetent my mother
I didn't like that I feel dirty saying I
am chef Sophie we got getting around in
my head I was like there's no way you
could pull a camera this fast I swear to
God
only up
I'm gonna go give back hey Callie have
you ever had pinkeye
Colin have you ever had pinkeye
no here hey never had it why would you
get it I'll give it to you Pete guys
let's party the pillow right nothing's
been transferred from Hannah Hannah I
have no it's like email we have dumbest
joke in the world but it makes me laugh
so can our practicing I just walked into
the bathroom take a prison bathroom
we're in the middle of soundcheck right
now and we kind of have a little bit of
a break so we kind of got done a little
bit early guess about a week ago we had
that show in Wisconsin and I totally
underestimated the power of the weather
I basically went to three degree weather
in a hoodie because I'm smart like that
look how you see how red they are look
at that that is insane to me I am not
used to that everyone knows the Weather
Channel they have this application and
they wanted to let me know about it and
they want me to use it on tour and they
wanted me to pass the information along
to you guys so when you open the
application it gives you a nice little
summary at the beginning if you scroll
all the way down it gives you a little
bit more information and this is what's
really cool I think there's a 15 day the
thing I really want to show you is the
most important part that I just think
it's gonna be great for tour if you look
at the top there's this little plus sign
right so I kind of what I did is I put
some of the dates you know there's Saint
Pete where we currently are then we're
going to Nashville
then Cincinnati Ohio then Baltimore then
Philly then Jersey and then were just
getting colder and colder with New York
City Toronto you see this little bell
you click that bell and it'll show all
the cities that you have and you can
turn on all these little notifications
so that way before I get off the tour
bus I know that I'm gonna need to have a
jacket or some shorts or some jeans
before I even get off the bus so you can
do all that kind of fun stuff first off
I know you guys are probably thinking
yourself Oh Charles sponsor sponsor
video and stuff like that you know what
I'm not gonna hide it it is but I've
already told you guys a million-in-one
times that I've only tried to show you
guys things that I would use myself or
that I think are very helpful just cool
in general I think this is gonna be very
helpful for a lot of you guys hands down
gonna be great for me so that's why I
have it on my phone and I'm really
really thankful that the Weather Channel
saw that video believe it or not and saw
how ridiculous I look
go get the application guys it's free
and I hope you guys stay nice and safe
nice and warm or nice and dry or
whatever it might help you with Frankie
as y'all know who takes on some video
and pictures for us has always wanted a
gold chain his entire life Charles
hasn't seen it yet so Oh Mike 14 karat
gold oh my god what is this a bracelet
is bracelet didn't pick up the necklace
oh my god it's a weapon
yeah you won't be able to get into on an
airplane on this it's heavy it's like
actually heavy I put it in a I love your
melon beanie box so that he won't guess
it let's go give Tim he's wearing shorts
today
it's fear watch out it's a live animal I
know
oh gosh please tell me wearing this
tonight I got it for Christmas
is that okay boy I've got ya the shorts
help man
Kenz we got it I can't see help me pick
it out no one's gonna mess with you now
or they're just gonna mess with you just
to take the thing
we're yourself it comes with free neck
problems break it's a necklace which is
mine from a leg
but boy for shape is that you show me a
move file save as in heads in heads
Souma listen I have made it as a
hometown show tonight kind of today I
like took the time to really clean up
our house after Christmas because it was
terrible it was like a bomb went off in
there a bomb that Santa Claus threw down
onto our house there was wrapping paper
and and candy and just too much stuff I
had to get rid of it so Christmas bomb
went off in our house
so today I'm doing that well Charles was
here and they were practicing and I'm so
excited one downfall to this is that I'm
not sure he's gonna be here because he
was having such issues with this flight
yeah Chloe's not gonna be here so I'm
interested to see what they're gonna do
but I know they're gonna be really
really awesome so I'm very excited the
hometown show is probably one of my
favorite shows in favor do angry so
pretty she is
Showell fits here Sarah
suck it break
Corinne's my remix all family and
friends are coming up on stage of dance
the sense did make his his runs on
December 25th and they came back for her
hometown show her she always didn't do
it work so for everybody over 10 or 18
depending on when you learnt the way you
learned is you have a seat I know what
they said the biggest We The Kings fan
ever
vigorously if you've ever been to a punk
rock show
right count again super happy that I
believe come on what are you digging
over there for every time I leave with a
bunch of suitcases are here they both
get like super super depressed and I've
been starving all day so I made these
little pizzas by baby the other day
passing out over there poke poke poke
Ania but I'm exhausted okay
the show went off awesomely I had so
much fun got to see a lot of you guys
there's a lot of CTFxC there which is
awesome at the home town show I feel
like it's oh by the way did you see that
circle pit that was my idea
yes three tribe asked hunter a buzz Cola
couldn't come Hunter and myself
he has hunter what we wanted to do if we
had an expression request for the last
song and Hunter said get rowdy so I was
like you know what I've never seen a
circle pit I've only seen it once would
we the Kings coming from a person who
listens like listens do a lot of
hardcore music I was like yeah let's do
a circle pit and then I looked in the
audience of like wow this is gonna be an
interesting one and you guys killed it
it was an amazing sort of very kind
circle the most polite circle everything
so before I go to bed I want to ask you
guys the question of the day I want you
guys to tell me the very first concert
you ever went to and how old were you
it's like for example I was well
technically because my dad probably you
know baby but the first concert I ever
really remember going to that was like
13 and it was no use for name good
riddance and melancholy and it was
actually a jealous landing in Saint
Petersburg was yours was an elementary
school
with a friend invited me so Jimmy
Buffett how old so 12 and Jimmy Buffett
14 and good riddance and no usernames so
let me know guys in the comments what
was their first concert and I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video
nice little long video to celebrate this
the amazingness because we got the tour
coming up - so this is a nice little
kick off and if you were at the show you
know how crazy like honestly I wish I
had the camera rolling the whole time
because there was like little weird
parts
Pinsky came out of Santa we brought a
kid out he asked Vince key Santa Claus
what he wanted and then Sophie made out
I'll have a kiss a random fan knows on
the lips yeah
grabs like Sophie single and Sophie
kissed her on the lips so it was a very
interesting show anyway I'm gonna go to
bed I'll look forward to seeing in the
comments and see you guys tomorrow bye
