so he'd you have a good Christmas smile
if you had fun it might give it away by
doing this so it looks like you're
smiling Joey see if I tanner Drock nerd
rocks gotta go stick okay here comes
Marley did right in her rock no only
Zooey only Zoey's got the emotion which
by the way guys yesterday and our little
Christmas special
Zoey was chasing what I thought was a
fly turned out she's an idiot and she
was chasing a bumblebee she got stung
right here she got stung right there so
you kind of can tell just a little bit I
always show you guys that's what she did
when she was a puppy
she just doesn't learn okay Google what
does a rhinoceros sound like okay Google
what sound does a Lee make no it's
supposed to go yeah yeah yeah it was
written a wall but what does a sound I
don't know look at we just dumped it not
even like a hey Google is that hey
Google ok Google ok Google ok Google
what type of noise does a pig make ok
Google what is a pig sound like you're
what a pig sounds like that's you over
there she looks away no but sunny so
we're trying to drop the rock and it's a
complete cluster F the day after
Christmas of course
but luckily I don't check me bags he
meant travel smart in life yeah exactly
there's good some backpacks yeah that's
how I travel it's a backpack and that's
it the same clothes of course man
anytime everyone say bye Abner Drock
I guess you actually surprised me on
that one there both of you surprised me
on that one I'm happy about that we're
going to go see my dad for Christmas
because he's the only one that we
haven't seen oh by the way you like my
glasses I will have any glasses so
freakin sunny only ones have or alleys
so I have to wear these right now look
like a book and I was just laughing
because Colin you don't call on our
sound guy for me the kings just call me
it was cutting in and out I'm like dude
hilariously enough I'm driving on Skyway
Avenue right now and I can't hear you so
it was like one of the perfect timings
so we are going over Skyway Avenue
there's the Skyway Bridge which reminds
me today when you're watching this video
tomorrow right now but today will be the
tenth anniversary we the Kings hometown
show I'll put a link down in the
description you guys get your free
tickets come to the show come hang out
it's free and it's always a blast it's
always like a just like a I want to say
a drunken mess everyone's just having
fun just let loose basically have the
crazy end of the year type of thing if
you can't come before the next year
kicks up all the tour so we have so if
you can't come to the hometown show the
good news is we will be coming to your
cities hopefully soon go check out the
tour dates right now it's my favorite
part of the bridge enjoy it
but four back back back
and better than ever top that professor
by the way if you guys didn't know this
next tour is the tenth anniversary tour
so we're playing the first album front
the back on top of all the random other
songs that we have hey that's what we
very challenging because a lot of the
songs I've never even played the guys
have never played in ten ten years
essentially or live I should say - it's
to be a lot of fun and Ali will be
coming to some of the dates we just
don't know which ones so everyone's
telling you guys my dad totally beat me
with gold records so you got one right
there and then how many right here 20
right there so there's got another one
over here
oh that one's not yours yeah you're not
Elvis I'm not always not quiet
yeah we're still 21 a long way I think
you're beaten yeah but no these are not
mine - a binary these here so still 3
yeah but they they they did a 20th
anniversary tour there's the first
Allman Brothers here and it goes around
the way around I like every one of them
though gold
oh yeah they are platinum that's why I
didn't go platinum back again but still
you got you got four I don't know if or
yeah now get there is it a rub board
that is the report of spread word okay
so show me you use it so this is the
only american-made instrument well but
like created well you got tapping tap it
might be that sort of sound like it was
a different sound from here to here you
know what's funny that's my left hand
still have the coordination you know you
look like right now
a night like that so cool
but since the surgery that's all yeah
it's just like I couldn't do that dance
on stage you can do it I can't go look
you just have like a weird bounce when
you do it goes what I go left
hey for some reason like right here like
literally
okay so your son has has quite the
rhythm yeah I do a pro do it the right
way this is the female areas for the
boob Euler is that where the boobs are
are they way down there by your hips
the master guy right and he doesn't have
CDs right
yes cassette do this like so for those
of you children who don't know what that
is this is what us old folk uses will
wash all of our movies back in the day I
haven't held what it is is so long
basically like this
my dad let's Roxy
there we go
char wanted to get you some hairspray
don't just gets hairspray this is the
coolest thing right here that's the
Declaration of Independence really don't
eat that
don't eat that didn't even look
appetizing he's just a weird of feel
like mall power
wait don't forget your Declaration of
Independence there now we know where the
ding dong is all the time I saw this I
thought it was the funniest little gag
gift ever John Hancock is one to sign it
the most the biggest no one else like
Nicolas Cage is that funny it's a gag
gift just like your hair spray those
that are the bill of rights so chars
parents just got us the most amazing
gifts in here we've got some beautiful
incredible mugs which I'm going to show
you when I get home and then some we got
some cookie makes we got some hot
chocolate which everyone knows I love
hot chocolate and then they also got me
this beautiful bracelet and melissa has
one too and it's just it's so pretty and
this right here charge so excited about
this we should have a chili cook-off oh
my god one present I'm returning honey
you can't be returned
I can't receive a refund because I want
to know why you're just so you're so
precious
charge charge all right Internet so
there Drock was showing us something
that's more annoying so either you go
like this which seems kind of annoying
or you just go like this and just put in
so many space slightly away from some
space annoying char charge that I'm
pretty good at ignoring yes really
I love you your singing is pretty hard
to ignore
you know God did not give me the voice
of an angel and by the way look at that
Christmas tree that's real that's a real
Christmas tree and how beautiful this
thank you for the guest Mary
Finley has turned into the Christmas Bob
he's got his little jiggle Bell on and
his bowtie you're so cute you're just
the cutest little Christmas don't
you I know I know you'd love you it led
me more it's probably cause peeing on
you right now flying up that way so
charge Stan has an electric electric bug
zapper I don't know if you guys can see
it actually zapping oh he really does
Charles just touched it with his hand
hey so many bugs not anymore
there was but not anymore I want I want
one don't please don't touch me that he
deserves it now oh he is so scary okay
done if we get it works it works you
should just lock them out yep I'm gonna
go with and you know what oh you know
what stinks is when you get locked out
hope you having fun
memorize what you need to do gonna want
to use a cake
turn the lights off and they can be like
that cleaned it all up they saw you come
in char they're all gone
hums oh thank you some chow like he's so
scared okay it's feeling a little bit
know I love it family is so terrified
because ookay bud you're not a bug
you're not an old Sparky just four times
near the shot-caller
and present tense are you having fun
torturing yourself to that again hurt do
that again
this thing has been so awesome
I just would I leave the house I just
say okay google play Slayer
Oh
was that it is that time for the
hometown show tomorrow I got all the
stuff the gear that I have got the
backdrop my base a couple the in here
like wireless units don't know why I had
that stuff I probably just flew home
with it so Colin Zack and Sophie are
probably gonna be freaking out in the
morning the question of the day for
today is what is your favorite we the
King song and if you don't have one that
is a wrong answer that is a totally
wrong I'm just kidding and you know that
little like button on the page actually
it's right here I got it right for a
change it's right over here don't forget
to click like if you enjoy today's video
and if you're brand new please don't
forget to subscribe and we will see you
guys tomorrow as always don't forget
that question of the day bye guys
