this is actually kind of an interesting
day today I used to work at a place
called mosey back in the day where I
used to vlog back here a lot of the old
videos we can go this way or that way
let's just go this way no trust me
that's the way to get to the IMAX which
is where I worked want to go to the IMAX
movies there you go up there and I'll
start the movie myself yeah this is
actually where a lot of vlogs actually
started actually not vlogs like this
videos on the Charles Trippy channel
back in the day I'm excited I love that
stuff I they you said that bodies
exhibit I never got to see it and it was
always downstairs yep here yep because I
well I saw okay so I went to mosey in
long time ago and then when I worked for
a summer camp we go to mosey every
summer you know what's funny then you
were probably at the bodies exhibit and
I was running the IMAX okay
exactly and then we used to have like a
tunnel like a tornado tunnel somewhere
around here this does the butterfly
garden the cool kids like they all like
me because my mom ran the summer camp so
either they like me or they made yeah
yes alright this is the entrance let's
say change it maybe this isn't anymore
yeah they really let this thing go
that's for sure did you see everything
well then again in his winter so maybe
you'll give it the benefit out I want to
say this was all washed but I know if I
say that it's definitely cuz it's winter
you could probably go the way I used to
go inside I know all the secrets to this
place I'm gonna end up on top of the IMX
in a second yeah cuz I'm sure they
changed all the gate stuff because
actually did a couple of blogs back in
the day where I was actually on top of
that right there actually no joke right
there and I used to walk up there when I
got really bored complete you're here
right there if I go like this can you
hear me
let's put your ear against that thing
can you hear me yeah really do you do it
yeah actually do it for the camera now
can you hear me perfectly that's
actually pretty cool it's social
satellites work this is this is gonna be
an educational day does it feel weird
so no joke those are all nails yeah
that's crazy
hitting pressure points it's like a
Ripley's mirror
is it supposed to be something different
now that just makes me feel like I'm
losing my mind oh man I don't like that
I don't like that that's like my arm
speaking of which guys I think I'm
contacting with you most to kind of work
on my left arm because I want to do a
that's it for a long time a deep
underwater sea like undiscovered type of
tattoo on my left arm and then I have
the deep space one basically to
uncharted things so where are we or is
the United States the how is this this
is the top of the world and bottom of
the world how this is the space I
thought this is the world around space
yeah okay I'll keep walking this looks
like I think the story tonight
album cover doesn't it it's released it
reminds me of I feel like this is like
that that block gamer staccato goodbye
whatever we have to take this it's like
a stacking game
so there's supposed to be like this
and then the idea is to get this what's
the you can't go backwards so you have
to go like this this nope you can't
bigger piece can't sit on top of a
smaller piece like this put that over
there good job with this this yep for
that that other one over there on that
bigger piece yep put that little piece
on top of nope nope belamis over there
yep
look finally did it I supposed to just
fought it moving those gears
there's cogs here's the thing is I think
we're thinking everything seven
nothing's happening so tug of war time
definitely you you got more of the
leverage three I'm gonna see if I can
beat you yep
I pretty sure you have the event so
there's the Space Shuttle there's its
tire why that's crazy actually
you got here okay
maybe here try again yeah not even close
just gradually lost height right there
I'm legit no kidding I'm getting
nauseous living ampulla face down and
she's done her hair to be so disheveled
- hey hey just don't think in the nether
you should just flip her for more times
you can hear you yelling how you feel
I was literally getting nauseousness
looking at the screen yeah it was pretty
gnarly actually what you did is it going
it's just straight down you like cousin
it
so that was at 80 miles per hour
literally I just said that - that's so
funny
I know I thought it would go up it's
funny they have all these things that we
experience here in Florida
why is it counting up Horwitz bogus Oh
Tesla coil
that's an adult like when you go to
places like this you guys wasn't touch
it so I feel like when I come I so I'm
saying like when I'm touching everything
I feel like I'm either a doing something
illegal or be that was pretty gnarly
actually you got to try that place one
hand on the aluminum plate and the other
hand on the copper plate and watch the
meter that you're electrifying yep so
has to go through your body
laughter I'm not gonna lie I'm all about
technology but something like this would
probably creep me out let's do a little
poll Andy high up there would you guys
be freaked out Oh actually would you
ride in a was it autonomous vehicle like
a difficult it has no drivers like a
bucks or even a car would you guys do
that I don't think I would would you a
driverless car or buy know I would I
can't wait to see what you guys say in
that bowl up there the eye up there
right right there okay specifically
right there
took me forever to figure it out always
on the left these are obviously
prototypes for a bunch of different
devices and you guys figure out which
ones which it's probably pretty easy
except this one might be a little bit
challenging so we just took a spaceship
to the moon and this is where everyone
is going to live
looks like Luke's old house so how much
would you weigh on the moon on 20 almost
23 pounds you float away no no this here
keep going
twenty-eight every 28 pounds okay what
do you want to do
why did your okay know season on the
moon babe saw that moondust alright try
not to screw up this time
that's gross okay see it's coming
I'm glad you're not my Astro pilot
not only do I do solid I don't know if
you guys remember when I went to CES in
2010 they first showed one of these
things it was the first time I ever got
to see one and now they're everywhere
it's like Minority Report so apparently
we are on right now there's my astronaut
your mean astronaut
all right before we leave I got kicked
out of the claw game before we leave
ally has to do the bed of nails
isn't that weird legit like like take
your finger take your finger and put
them on there I thought it was in your
bum it's so much smaller
yeah the big party was literally waiting
in line and then this little girl ran
and jumped in front of them we waited
for 15 minutes you were very I was
patient and then I let her play I was
like okay you know what
I am 33 she can have it and then she did
it again at the better nails
yes then I was like whinnies this kid's
mom your dad she starts to get her hands
like do this thing I was like oh gosh
please be careful because we're the ones
helping her well that was fun though
it's kind of nostalgic and I am a little
bummed that the whole giant building is
now being sold or doing something I
don't know I used to walk across there
go in there I really wanted to go in
there so bad that would have been so
cool there's the cloud machine was like
right there where I got trapped in the
claw machine
Oh bummer we shot it down in November so
we just barely missed it so I used to
ride my gopal used to live on the other
side of calendar side of campus and I
would drive my Gope head all the way
here and I would pick it up here because
that way that way I didn't have to use
my my car because I was a broke-ass
college kid and I had to use a go pad I
could get miles on that one gallon of
gas yeah that's funny that's my old job
kind of all right this is kind of weird
it's going straight down it was like
super high I don't know what it is it
can't be anything crazy but the system
looks pretty cool and it's out of focus
it's just it was falling so fast and all
of a sudden that's just kind of leveled
itself out yeah it looks like a jet
that's all it is
back when we did the whole shelter we
were stocked to stop late we saw this
little plane going straight down I was
like Charles that planes totally
crashing he's like no sign no it's not
like that plane is totally crashing
we ended up - you think about it until
the next day it was on the news there
better be something over there seriously
it looks like he was gonna crash she was
so low it was wobbling everyone was fine
it acted like a crash-landing fit it was
that control landing a controller which
is terrified because they're always
those Cessnas and that's why when we fly
I'd rather be in one of those giant it's
just gonna look at crews I'd rather be
in a giant boat in the ocean than a tiny
little bee this is Ali's first time ever
having tofu and smell no I think so
it doesn't taste like anything that's
what's nice about tofu is that just
absorb what have you cooked away this is
our our delicious lunch the Home Depot
we now we're at my other favorite place
in the whole wide world that just so
happens to be not my favorite place oh
so you're still going I'm still going so
we're just gonna do a nice little see
what alley story was from today right
look at this look at this asshole he's
just walking slow doesn't care you know
I got places call people just eating did
Oh like I'm growing lips on my neck
there he goes make a new friend
hurry up child you're taking too long to
choose the movie you know it's past my
bedtime and I'm gonna have to change my
depend soon what are we gonna watch what
are we gonna watch yes oh who else would
I be talking to the dogs hey Alexa do
you want to go and have lunch tomorrow
then what do you know Alexa so don't
what can you stop taking my glasses put
the book down yep my life is she's crazy
hey you're the one filming the pen I
guess true favorite part of the day you
know it's creepy sometimes it's light
flickers I've never been outside one
that flickers creeps me out
it's like every horror movie ever like
you're going down the street and all of
a sudden a lamppost the only form of
light just flickers out I got the chills
what she's definitely one of them Hey
all right Internet it's time for us to
go to bed so that means this time for
you Joe we'll see you tomorrow
serious weapon all right guys we'll see
you tomorrow bye
