so gonna be like a bug or something I'm
really nervous
why are you doing more that's why I can
really go for this one the top one it's
amazing isn't it it's the best wrapping
job in the world yeah it's supposed to
turn it upside down though supposed to
keep it like that rip the paper a Bengal
rocks thanks him the best part is the
rocks from our backyard back into the
wild do you like your rocks I figured
that we needed some more in the back and
there's some waves - oh that's extra I
paid extra for that one oh look we're
gonna be matching you just changed
though we had matching pants I know you
needed some new ones I did
especially for tour coming up it was a
really nice shirt look at you you're
trying to make me all fit oh shoot I
wear that to charge sorry I suck with
gifts I love you Merry Christmas Ally I
love you asshole - dumbass from - okay
okay I try my hardest for this Christmas
I don't know you tried a lot you
actually went above beyond the leaves I
collected all the leaves in this one
you got your backpack so now you can
retire that POS backpack you have well
now that one could be a POS backpack and
this could be a nice travel back back to
your thing about Ali is she doesn't like
purses she can she continually brings a
backpack instead of her purse everywhere
so I figured get her a nice backpack so
it's like a nice purse what's funny is
the lady it's looking a bit yeah
where's this does she take the little
thing off of it the tag yeah okay
because it was really funny because it
says 12-inch max and I looked at her
like there's no such thing as the
12-inch max really anymore it's like a
MacBook Air and I was like what about
the new MacBook three or 13-inch is
she's like no that won't work so here's
the thing that's a woman to try to tell
her
she's like no that won't work that
totally won't work I'm like are you sure
so I gave her my ID my wallet everything
and I walked it down to the Apple store
and I looked at the Apple people I'm
like I'm not trying to steal this I'm
not trying to steal this I'm putting it
in there and it worked and I walked it
right back yeah perfect
but it was so funny because she's like
no won't work I had to ship it in from
another country can you get moon rocks
now I'm actually consider
well you can actually buy yeah real moon
rocks
really so that's other funding the whole
space probe program they're just
bringing rocks back I knew we had those
we have apparently when the world
explodes we have our own planet we have
our own stars we also have our own plot
of land on the planet somewhere too so
we're preparing the zombie apocalypse
preparing there got a plot of land I
think we have like two acres on we have
two plots we have two acres on plant a
planet on AB
planet right now - I know it's crazy but
I know I did this but it was like it was
very cheap it was really kind of a fun
guy gift thank you you're welcome
Superboy oh we hope gifts for you guys
so it's Christmas and there's either two
albums you're allowed to listen to Kenny
G Christmas
vandals Christmas song
those are the only two hours you guys no
longer listen to getting the bug house
Oh II know it's not the but was that a
beat is that a bee the whole time let it
go no we gotta let it go you dummy
I thought that was just a bug you were
chased a bee big dummy
that's a bee that's how you got that
scar on your head be freebie
all right let me see your head did you
get stung make sure that was check is
that it right there
yep sting you see that thing on her nose
you see that thing on her nose guys
that's what she did when she was little
sticking her face and a freaking Bush oh
yeah she gets done I thought she was
just getting a flick of giant Leafly
turns out I need to pay attention a
little bit more she did he's there
holy she did yeah I apologize I was
wrong right there poor pup big singer
where's Marley Marley welcome to our
house you get greeted with vases
delicious food get a fin hey Finn Oh God
I think you use that thing more than
Melissa
do you feel anything in there
what the crap Melissa we said no guests
that means one get she's dead we gave
most of her gifts right there hoping she
goes I thought we said no gifts and then
she goes oh a cold let me get your kiss
then apparently that's yours this is
really cute packing paper
thank you I chose it for them to do that
did you mix Marley might be I'll help
you I'm really nervous
why are you doing my cats so concerned
Wilson just got nerd rock his own
championship belt kind of like John Cena
watch yesterday's video guys we found
out nerd rock put a John Cena card and
we went completely crazy do you remember
who gave it to you
so we gave you one I'm Warped Tour and
you are it's all warped or yeah you
remember that around if you've had it
over your shoulder like what are you
doing everything everything oh that's a
good one that's okay what's your tag
team one and so I was gonna get them for
both of you which would have worked
because I'm not gonna give up okay to
someone of your shoes okay
feel safe it feel like there's something
else in here and you guys are a hassle
it's be a part of the club and so it's
funny cuz they don't have my fee is a
label on it to my forever and every life
why because that's what Christmas is all
about believe the lies believe the lies
be pleased with the gifts I didn't know
what it was is you can sell any so weird
that they grow back go friendly good job
buddy
Wow that would be great that is
basically a scene on TV it's like he
looks at me for approval questions is
gonna hurt yeah thank God
Thank You Melissa you did good I don't
want to get you that the Amazon one
access so they talk to each other
absolutely
I completely missed it but Melissa got
Ali a curing thing kiss you broke it
right you broke it yeah you can have
coffee and we don't have to go Starbucks
every 40 minutes Melissa can't figure
out what's going on with soundbar so she
takes she hires we the kings text to fix
it we'll invoice you later it's working
now oh my god it's Santa Santa Santa is
unloading his sleigh you see Santa Claus
he's wearing a summer Sunnah yeah my
sister knows me well I'm all about the
gadgets okay Google Play we the kings
all right I got this we the Kings radio
mix on YouTube okay Google what is the
square root of 75 I look I first I got
this and now my sister knew to give me
this
okay Google what is the dinosaur named
with tiny hands originally coined the
word dinosaur means really great lizard
in 1842 in Greek dinos needs fearfully
great and Thoros means lizard naming
dinosaurs newly discovered dinosaurs are
named by the discoverer or by the
paleontologist who determines that it
represents a new genus more you know
okay Google who is Charles Trippy
according to Wikipedia internet killed
television is a web series hosted by
Charles Trippy that's me okay got one
for you so what do you do if my dog gets
stung by a bee solution of baking soda
and water immediately apply ice packs to
reduce swelling so we did
at the time 1 meter 3 BC gave the dog
benadryl by now well luckily that's
swollen I was really afraid that her
face was gonna go puffy but I guess
because she got stung a long time ago
ok Google
yep you got a bed that was a zero weight
bread does it have to hit it or does not
to stay on it so my cousin Brad is
trying to explain to the whole thing
whole shop that we've got so much good
you got it didn't work that we've been
so much cooler thank you
number 10 yeah right Brad's killing it
hey cat that I can never get to like me
oh well this is gonna be the first time
ever part of this Christmas Christmas
that's why yeah he's like yeah I don't
really think so
what are you guys doing now maybe like
it every time this birthday I think
those two babies you're talking to each
other like in don't egg - yeah this is a
delicious bottle - you're holding at
8:13 $7.99 Alvord a Pinot Grigio your co
Kalyan just got lice I love this she
puts it occurred to me about me I got to
ran up to a chair wow this is your
camera you can better serve me twice
you just got white
come on Ali she's got my back already
noon
get yourself a service service no you
know what Musa you are no longer my
favorite your sister huh well that's
okay I'll I'll get it back okay excuse
me I grow the crab upon trees the palm
trees are now being drowned Ali there's
a bird outside look at this bonding
bonding over being Weiss good job ladies
now we're having Christmas with my mom
Melissa and Marlena obviously here to
grab Tommy Caitlin and so we just ate
our second Thanksgiving or Christmas
dinner third actually be considered
yesterday we didn't have to it really
was kind of like snacks but now we're
gonna open up some more presents this is
like way above and beyond anything I
expected tonight
you know I think so this is the year of
the ribbon curl it says my mom sighs
okay there's a story behind it
my dad bought me one of these so
apparently this gift that my mom got for
Charleston I am for Kaitlyn and Tom
there's something on my grandma gave to
my mom a long time ago and don't
appreciate it until we actually meet it
but we're gonna open it up chart you can
do the honors
thanks Tom for helping okay I need this
many attempts houses that we yep this
thing is awesome thank you mom thank you
mom that's perfect
see now Ali has a nice person I marry
and she is this is her first nice verse
a neighbor is very
I think you've got to rub our own
he couldn't even make it up there and
he's just like yeah you okay
you help get you up there scruffy no
don't worry
zoey is doing much better her nose than
that as well I don't think she's gonna
be chasing any more bees so for today's
question today I want to ask you guys
what is the coolest thing you got to do
today or what is the coolest thing you
may have received or what is the coolest
thing that you gave to somebody today
anyway I hope you guys had a great
Christmas and really sure what day of
Hanukkah is but I hope you had a great
day it was just a great Sunday we will
see you guys tomorrow don't forget to
subscribe and have a great night
