Oh is real Brad real breath he's still
here we're gonna scare the crap out of
my family
Merry Christmas each everyone happy
holidays everyone
I've got a really awesome surprise
that's coming for Charles do you think
it's just gonna be delivered on
Christmas Eve
I promise you this is gonna get
delivered on Christmas Eve so I know
it's not another drug since we have a
bunch of people coming over and we have
the dogs over here we figured the best
way others are my little dude it's the
best way to keep every with preoccupy
preoccupied it preoccupied what does
that word is that we got these little
bones and the dogs are going into town
right now the completely distracted
except we're diesel go oh he snuck in
we had to barricaded the freaking door
because we don't want to leave out stuff
all inside stop being depressed eat your
bone cook being depressed all the time
why are you so depressing eat your bone
you're allowed to have it so I gave it
to you enjoying that yes she's gonna
have a Merry Christmas what about this
tiny one no photos please no photos
please no photos please can I see it can
I
Marley can I see it good they see it
okay well I guess I don't get to see it
Punk taken go to Zoey and I can just
take it from her all right sorry you
just take a really quick he's always a
good girl doesn't like to share
so no joke his surprises about to walk
up to the front door Oh Shh
Charles we go answer the front door I
kept telling you I'm like you have a
gift that's coming he goes nothing gets
delivered on Christmas Eve and I go I go
everything gets delivered on Christmas
Eve yes hey literally we were talking
about so I'm gonna have to say nerd Rock
and Ally did surprise me
however I was just telling him that like
after living together for so many years
I got a tour bus like what I looked out
the window I was like ah standard rock I
could just tell how you're standing in
his height like I could take all the
guys in the band I could probably point
it out like out of like blindfolded
almost like you just learn these
mannerisms of everybody and make the
little things everyone has like little
tics and stuff like that so it was
really kind of funny like I looked right
at it I'm impressed that I actually knew
that right away right great great
surprise he still surprised me cuz I
didn't know he was coming
so that was still pretty good I don't
touch her phone you've never done
wishbone okay so this is from
Thanksgiving I think it's about time
that we now do not cheat like my sister
would always cheat knots you don't hold
the bone and wish my sister would always
cheat sheet' always go like right up
here you have to know the bottom
otherwise it's cheating eating the rest
there's a rat of course Ali sends us out
probably on the second worst day to the
grocery store to pick up some
last-minute supplies the worst they
would obviously be thanks
the day before Thanksgiving I should say
okay I have the keys look it's like I'm
driving you know but by the way before I
forget nor the hat that you were wearing
yesterday we kept saying goofy it's
Pluto
it was Pluto I know I complete now like
looking in the video completely feel
like an idiot but I do want to say
something clues the dog movie the dog
this is probably something that's been
discussed a million times right and
polluted Pluto's Goofy's dog right
yeah it's why is the dog or a dog and it
both don't wear pants well no goofy wear
pants guess who's sick and dying on
Christmas I have no idea how you haven't
gotten rid of this cold I've been sick
for like five weeks really that's kind
of scary actually when I was at the
pharmacy earlier its Ricky - everybody's
been singing his Valesky forever yeah
it's mutating it coaches zombies right
there I got a hatchet I'm ready I'm
ready to kill the zombies I'm not ready
to kill you as a zombie I don't think I
can do that but if any of you guys turn
into zombies better watch out I'm ready
I got my my practice board that almost
everyone thought I was drawing boobs I
contributed to Christmas dinner
Christmas Eve dinner their block has
been gone for two months now and I've
never noticed this Tom just pointed this
out that we have all these awesome
photos and then John Cena Josh yeah
that's super loud so it's nice really
ambitious but like they actually use it
in there that's what I do Josh
one two good this poor dog no do not put
her up there Charles Trippy apparently
Alex Pamela's got balls of steel
so we were playing cards against
humanity so this video might get
censored that's video like it's censors
like crazy right now
you never played this game don't be
jealous wait wait I'm supposed to have a
black card though the black cards are
playing cards right yeah
are you not supposed to see that what is
there a turn up in heaven let's go with
this one
what's your a tournament heaven bitches
Mecca Hitler they in the car boogers
tentacle porn well I gotta say bitches I
don't know it's - go for it
alright guys what's the next Happy Meal
toy spectacular ABS pac-man
uncontrollably roadhead what's freaking
me out is how girl my dad is at this
game he's got a really dirty mind it's
scary it's scary
what did Vin Diesel have for dinner
I know it's freaking me out all right
Linda
and there's grandma Google she's here in
the flesh grandma I have to let you know
that this is a very dirty game okay okay
so judge your son this is a choice of a
dead hitchhiker Joe Biden a win full
when meal full of corpses or homeless
people real nice it's a tough decision
Kayla this is this reminds me that was
in New York that the building that they
ran it out the Giants charge against
manatee what was that oh yeah a homeless
people I don't think so
Dear Abby I'm having some trouble with
blank and would like some advice put the
window down okay I'm having problems
with drowning the kids in the back
I'm having some trouble with a man on
the break-up orgasm paranormal
heteronormativity we know that blogs do
I gotta say brought in the kids in the
bathroom times they only need to be like
vulgar sometimes they're just I think
it's a be good it's not doing is not
something you you can't just throw it
down willy-nilly he does he's eaten
special event you have to complete
because I was being on fire the Great
Depression having anuses four eyes micro
pig wearing a tiny raincoat and booties
you microwave I knew it dad what is your
deal so close so close don't have a game
reasonably do it in the but it's a
German dungeon porn it's a crowd Charles
I drink to forget blank it's not exactly
the best card I can put in a work
running out of semen I drink to forget
saying I love you I drink to forget
inserting my kindergarten to my anus
doing what I dreamed you forget new age
music I'm afraid you mind over there I
gotta get a creepy mind to what inspired
me to make music in the first place
your weird brother swooping nickel skin
okay whoever had Nicolas Cage you win
was gage wins what would grandma find
disturbing yet oddly charming boy this
one definitely this one who's judging
you I'm judging low agree will find
disturbing yet oddly charming jerking
off into a
children's tears a subscription to means
but yes coping you can go now you can go
now
necrophilia that's when you have sex
with dead people for those people don't
know hey the more you know oh you know
maybe she's born with it or me yep
Snoopy turtle wedding the tip of your
penis this is thousand volts straight to
your nips or maybe it's testicular
torsion testicular torsion is where your
the testicles actually weigh the criss
cross and twist inside the sack I'm
killing it now so who was worse how many
have I had six seven is that you and I
tied nerd came in the last minute that's
my bad Zoey is loving that bone so no
rock and I just thought of the greatest
movie we can watch it either goes
Trading Spaces or die hard and we opted
for die hard right now greatest movie
ever
hey dude
I would do that hi dude hi dude girls
are just waiting for that you wait for
your toys where'd you get my key and tic
tacs
I got it they reappear freeze your
smelly ass add eggs oil and water mix
until smooth okay
there did Alec gets you a bunch of Taco
Bell your certificates again no it's
just we're trying to make you healthy
again
yes no no I don't know if you guys
remember who the two cuz it seems like
talked about by the end of tour it was
gone
maybe a double up like I don't know he's
gonna buy it but at least they don't
feel bad for me and maybe somebody will
buy it here Drock has one of those great
now she can cook better wait she's not
gonna see this part I'm gonna edit today
it's like no you just do you're the
smartest one here touching all the
rubber you see warning warning warning
warning ya know everyone else catches it
with her hand nerve block catches them
with his fingers girls are hanging out
with a grandma right now they knew where
all the good stuff is hope you guys
enjoyed today's video it was awesome
that Ally surprised me with nerd rock I
had absolutely no idea who was actually
coming we got to watch out okay remember
yesterday I was talking about I want to
do more interactive talking in the
comments and please don't forget to
click the little like button on this
video I want you guys to tell me for
today's question of the day what your
all-time favorite Christmas movie is for
me diehards number one home alone - then
maybe home alone first time that kind of
weird guy like home alone - a little bit
more more than one and right now we're
watching elf la what's your favorite one
yours is home alone one or two or three
are you a 3-person no one likes the
thirty books I enjoyed the third one
there doc what's your favorite one of my
favorite Christmas movie is Joss
