much better I just got a mouth on the
green
I try to make it so his mouth as the
gaping hole but how do I make it so like
you can make it actually seemed like
that I can't figure it out like I want
to do like a chin I can't figure out how
to do the chin but you see how's this is
my rendition of you that's real sweet
snotty boogers coming out of them
cameras moving so that late tells you
that we're in the car guys know that
yeah you guys know that right right holy
crap this is drinking too much spending
time it's all about spending time and we
have got to go see Disney you know
during the whole Christmas Disney thing
we missed it last year so we wanted to
go see it this year so we're taking a
little road trip remember that thing I
was making yesterday taking care of my
apples or as a caramel just a caramel or
caramel
using caramel you're sick care mobile
say it really fast as we want so can ask
me if I want to come along so you say
caramel yeah I said I'd karimova forward
I think that's what I wanted to be a
little faster I think I think caramel
but it was like caramel apples I say
caramel and that's why i said i said
caramel they came out great guys I've
been having a severe issue responding to
everybody because my phone has been I
don't know what's going on with everyone
who sent me little stamps from the CTFxC
app so I figured right now would
probably be the best time to do this
since we're just sitting in the car man
this jiggle a lot so yeah if you guys
have already sent me a CTFxC emoji text
with the whole situation with the app I
ever responded i will promise to get to
you i'm just trying to get to make sure
your iMessages can count it otherwise I
can get back to you is this is not a
cell phone number it's just an IMS the
council and I promise you
responding as much as possible it's so
funny that will will respond like 50
messages and then it says that none of
them will receive an odyssey like heard
a lot stories of you guys has been
pretty amazing new Charles sisters
talking to Stephanie today and actually
the conversation I've had short because
it was
that had a seizure crazy stroke a stroke
before they were born yeah it's such a
picture of their brain and it was
it's like heart-wrenching but it's
amazing that you guys
can communicate with us like that like
it's a very
overwhelming an amazing feeling and we
were actually em all the time so it's
nice and we're actually working with
Jocelyn right now we're implementing
some of the new ideas that you guys have
come up we're trying to come up with
ideas that I don't necessarily us but
more objects so that way you can use
them everyday kind of thing like kind of
like the pizza and the coffee kind of
things like that like maybe a thumbs up
a heart or something really busy already
and we're trying to figure that all out
Disney
we came here a lot and I still get
excited every time I see that banner
that drive through thing and every time
alex is the tower terror sign she's like
I love that ride every single time I
bastard every time I love that real
elevator well you hate when I jump in an
elevator that's very caring make sure
you're nice and pretty for mr Mackey
well I cannot click up dying which is
ridiculous because thank yourself all
pretty sure may come on make you don't
look at me and be really happy oh you
want the Prince Charming which one are
you trying to get I like Mickey better
yeah you want the mouse you know what
he's sweet on the streets but a freak in
the sheets I'll get it hey take her
anywhere para el mono means one ryoga's
rail
I the competition
I gotta
have you ever come to the Christmas
version no I think it's smooth I'm
pretty sure it snows here I think I did
it when I was like a kid with my mother
a long time ago call that a tree that's
not a tree got to get a Christmas hat I
can't can't pull now if you don't buy
whole matter don't put out the light
don't pull the light out why are you
covering your beautiful face where's my
Mickey here this week was that
goofy that goofy came here merry
Christmas from disney world where the
festival mode I'm completely realized
eventually things that is who's yellow
mimic its cookie cookie I suck at this
time quite honestly my favorite thing
about disney world is all people that
stop and take pictures right in front of
that beautiful castle back there they
love their hats char we should get that
job so I feel like if we got enough
balloons like a fly away how amazing you
need to actually be lifted out the gear
that's a really good question i'm not
really sure maybe we should do some
research and watch up that's the most
impressing movie i love that movie so
depressing I think it's great I mean I
think it's great pretty sure here
becomes like a snowy little thing like
it well but oh my god of heaven to snow
Oh Mickey Minnie rose castle oh they're
seeing the gorilla wrinkles
Ali and I decided but every time we're
here we always do the classic space
mountain you know like all those things
but today we decided we would try to do
the classics like Peter Pan it's a small
world which by the way back in the 70s I
think it was my dad my mom got stuck on
it's a small world and my dad fringes at
any moment like if you say anything
about that this is like going on the
whole VP what you want to do first small
world I'm going to lose my mind after
all is wondering how easy lately is with
the big somos now it is
people like everyone's cell phones just
I want to be a bit
it's the worst I know like it's so
random
I like for some reason I always thought
I'm so cold in here back and I always
thought that would be the girls
profession
alright
the worst place to be
what a tornado chasers
you ready to lose your mind
this for you dad you like anyone
driving each other guns you good to go
I now know my dad
and just bring out
stuck here for like an hour I think
that's what it was
oh look at her belly these are pretty
sir that is inappropriate he's holding
that kite up there by his wiener
wait oh yeah
I don't know this part of the song
I lyrics it's so simple I don't know
where all the others escape
never stop
oh there's phone it's great awesome the
baby in the world I've already gotten
that book to a foot to corals so far
with some mother's not purposely like
there's so many people to logical their
stock and then the people behind them
don't stop so the end up running into
each other and then the people that you
do ready to get really big hassle I
reportedly I had to plate Lee remind
them they're at Disney World and there's
a lot of Julia let you claim you drive
back back no I put it on Connor for some
purpose but we elect le like Brandon
okay and we said we were sorry but she
did not like sorry
right now though we're kind of amazed
because last time you're here what's
this Thunder Mountain this is Thunder
mountain's close so it's actually open
now day before Christmas Eve might have
been the worst decision
sorting out of pocket of trees and
like--see little dazed look pop I
windows of lyrics though
there's a second verse I don't know yeah
now the rest but I'll plug my here so we
sent a little video my dad when it got
stuck and this is what he writes back
yeah this first I've ever seen that
all right how do we blasted help the kid
out I'm out babe is it charged
you got to keep it up and then do it
it's broken or delayed crank that
shafted appropriate
my favorite roller coasters of all time
classic friday because your legs are as
much players of mine I was proofing
flying out of that the whole time like
I'm gonna fall out of this thing right
now my hands were up I can save you I
know I was like pushing why feet against
the wall I'm trying to hold on geez let
him fly I've said this a million times
before but for some reason left okay
every time it's cold I love ice cream
I'll he thinks I'm crazy but I just
really have the pineapple dole whip if
this was a bend favorite snacks favor i
have no idea i'm lost that is freaking
incredible so many lights
help
why don't we make our house
it looks so beautiful
so that's what we're doing our house
next year the garlic's better Oscar I
think we did a good job getting through
this area and worst part of this right
now everyone's taking photos he thought
everyone head on
we have awesome that awesome ice cream
wasn't it oh we don't get a folio there
Thunder man
I dare you like I said just get five
jelly beans
instead you'd only get five okay there's
a cherry one what about these are these
for up for grabs they don't have any of
them wouldn't be a road trip without
stopping at wawa got to always go to
wawa anything in Orlando any Disney trip
or universal trip or anything like that
I don't like believing that
I don't know why not why not horse
shrilly oh there go perfect ladies first
