don't
your tail looks like a dinosaur like a
Ratner tilling she's digging like the
dirts coming up see the good she's
diggin sorry what are you diggin then I
had emerges from the bushes since
yesterday you didn't get to actually
practice killing the zombie so you would
go I'd be able to protect you though see
if you can practice getting them oh yeah
oh you got it right through it's
impossible right so you gotta go like
this it's gonna go around once it's all
you want he doesn't want to stick if I
get close to Oh got it
die you Richard zombie can I'm getting
good if you were watching today's video
you didn't watch yesterday's video go
watch yesterday's video you see why this
thing is all set up in the backyard
guess who's back behind so I was away on
the bachelorette party diesel and stayed
with my mom
and I finally got I'm Jason I'm super
excited we had to get the girls today
off in between because I know that
having family over the house was kind of
overwhelming for them they loved him but
it's still overwhelming because he's a
puppy and now that their day is done
we're bringing diesel home which I'm
very excited about and my mom said that
he needs a bath because he has been
running and playing a lot today so I'm
gonna do that when I get home
you guys are spoiled dogs the fact that
both you guys you have a freaking cushy
bed and you have three bits basically
what happens every time I got a new bed
we this oh wait never mind that that
looks really really really bad that's
this one yesterday and I just put it
there because I came through that door I
just really
you guys probably saw that in the
background and probably wondering what
the hell that was doing in the bedroom
right here's where I shot the thing and
I was lazy and I walked it in right here
I just had to address that because I
just looked in the camera the view find
her up and I saw that it was like I
better address this right now
I just got Charles gift and I feel so
good about it Christmas shopping is
complete except for wrapping paper so I
know you're kind of stressed because he
feel bad I just can't get anything wrong
so I thought since you come stressed out
that I could give you one of your
Christmas kiss early that was perfect
timing to give you yours
no no cuz I have more than one for you I
have more than one too okay you get one
and I'll give you the other the reason
why I want to give two now is cause I
don't want to wrap it that sounds
something I would say I really don't
want to can I give to you sit on the
couch I'll go get it but you have to
have your eyes closed the whole time
until I tell you to open them
I mean that Columbus that I'm not super
close like you can't say anything my
eyes are closed I can't see anything
perfect that is awesome where'd you get
your got it from Best Buy
that's really cool this with this 4k
right yeah that's awesome thank you
sweetie are you sure you're happy I'm
very happy you don't look at me I'm just
concerned because I already bought the
magic
so guys word to the wise when you're
engaged Charles Trippy don't buy
anything electronic it's okay it's okay
but I didn't think about it no you're
okay unless you want to I did good
though that was like clever right no
it's okay it's okay I literally think we
should keep this around for Christmas or
not way through the hatch it it could
actually stick that couldn't stick there
his face is really creepy sir are you a
present to be wrapped around a lot you
want to be a gift for somebody Oh ghost
it under the Christmas tree
yep I'll sit under the Christmas tree
what do you do it though she's such a
little puppy it's so cute
char and I are going to go and watch the
sunset which is something that we
haven't really done in a really long
time
we decided we wanted to spend a little
bit of time together this evening I feel
like it's not right no one knows I
cannot be sick again
are you sick again I don't know it got
cold just yesterday
nope you use that nose yeah thank you
honey you're so sweet I gotta finish
wrapping which is the one thing I don't
like to do ever so I'm not gonna well I
like to wrap
Christmas rap no like wrap presents how
we also got our invites in for the
wedding
and we have to get those written out and
sent out probably within the next two
days my friend Shelley designed me so I
gotta show you the back of them and they
are really freaking rad this is what's
on one side of them which is like
completely fitting for exactly what
Charles and I do I really really love it
I think it really shows off who we are
as a couple it's super cool
good job shell it's kind of crazy to
think that we're going to be getting
married in like three months
crazy right so I've been having a sneeze
attack so news for God just forgot this
don't think we're actually gonna make it
which sucks you know what that's how we
work setting so early it's sunsets at
5:30 of the 5:40 p.m. and I was thinking
it'd be great to bring the Phantom Ally
got me it was amazing the most
thoughtful thing ever because she knows
that mines destroyed in the from that
giant explosion at the beach last time
research I did research and I was told
that the Phantom three was better than
before which I didn't know that which
was I'm not gonna say better but it was
like comparable to the poor that like
the there's slate yeah so it's like the
g7x mark one versus the g7 x mark two
there's just little things that make it
better and I just looked at when I
bought the Mavic it was only a few days
ago I think it was like the 15th or
something like that feels so genuinely
bad right now
don't she she was so excited and I just
I was getting him a guitar yeah actually
remember with my guitar my first guitar
the sunburst I think he broke in the
move fender position classic 60 60s yeah
her inner Drakh were kind of going back
and forth trying to figure it out and
she told me that and I was like that is
the most thoughtful thing I've ever
heard of but she couldn't find it yeah
I'm so there
literally a nerd rock calls me look it's
online its online so I went I went to go
literally to make a bed there had been
bought in less than three minutes
it doesn't matter that I don't have it
so most she's were so good at thoughtful
gifts like that he somehow always buys
it before I get it for him
oh well the thing is I just tell her
like I really I've been comfortable with
people like buy me gifts or give me
gifts and stuff like that I don't know
what it is I like giving exactly I love
get like I got Ally's to guests I don't
want a minute you owe on them no god I
feel weird I don't know it's okay I'm
not buying you tires
I told Ali I just want cut tires in the
car or a fixed washing machine no joke I
probably I really probably I'm gonna
either fix the washing machine or buy
tires now I'm all out of options
one other gift for you but it's nothing
it literally is nothing Dannan alrighty
yeah how much further do we have to go
what time is the sunset today no sunset
wasn't 541 p.m. today was it once it's
at 5:45 you're a whore the Sun quite
hasn't set man I shall come with
flip-flops
wait so many days pretty I feel like the
camera never does it justice no it never
does
you know would be good right now Phantom
3 whatever it's called know that I'm
being serious it's actually been
beautiful right now I just let her tire
herself out I dare you to run right into
one I'm afraid to go anywhere near one
of those things because I know I'm trims
I was scared going next to the Mona Lisa
I'm not even kidding that's exactly what
I mean I was I honestly was scared when
I went to the Louvre is knowing my luck
I trip on I know it's totally safe and
secure why not my luck I was gonna trip
like a sensor or something in security
would have tackled me and all that fun
stuff
looks like she's looking at us over here
still looking at us and still looking at
us did you stop because you're
embarrassed those people were walking by
she's making a snake and she didn't want
them knowing what she was doing look
like a pretty pretty little turd
you'd be really nice I found out the
tracking knew I KTV hoodie that we just
released probably couple months ago
won't get here into the day after
Christmas so a lot of you guys got it
before I even got it this is why I love
her so damn weird is it really so
changed what is the temperature photo
time this size my good side this is my
David Spade size my brown decided it's a
good-looking do though it should be
don't to things literally literally to a
fire pit yeah it's better fix my hair
this is how it goes guys to take it
we're trying to take a nice photo but
Ali won't it's not messing with me we
kiss you with your tongue
like a real photo and that we love each
other
that's crazy that's actual stand that
blows my mind oh I see it I don't
understand how this is like this all
looks like cement to me it's a brain I
don't and how about the windows to knock
it down
I know be totally awful but I really
want to just be okay like I'm just so
interested to see like you know like
like with cakes they have fondant which
is a complete complete lie
everyone thinks like cakes are looking
amazing by just using frosting it's not
it's fondant and it tastes disgusting so
it's a complete lie that's actually kind
of creepy this little baby's watching
them make out you see a boob I keep
checking myself out thinking it's actual
statue this is second place which one
got first that got first oh wow now we
see it the female has no brain gotta
find some tea now you hear those nipples
up there that's not what do you think it
is it's not what you think it is
sniffles it's just not you know my dad
used to say there's a booger on your arm
it's not like it was the first time I've
ever heard
do it did you guys know a fun fact on
these things these stickers are edible
because so many people accidentally eat
them that the stickers are fruit or
edible fun little fact the more you know
oh I didn't use my little Modi shameless
self-promotion
I think it's gonna hopefully melt down
see lots of proof then taste good but
edible now watch and find out it's not
edible at all I like to think I just
plan to do that that's good
hands down when my favorite things to do
at night kind of the wind down after the
day just walk the pups and just kind of
turn off all the cell phones the only
thing I ever really keep out as my
camera it's just in case something cool
happens generally try to just stay off
any social media any anything to do with
anything like that and just kind of
disconnect for a little bit
in fact I'm probably gonna disconnect
from this camera in a second it was
actually really enjoyable today to just
kind of relax with Allie the crazy it
sounds it's very easily able to get
wrapped up in the videos and hard to
just take a moment and just kind of for
yourself and for your relationship and
just relax and just enjoy the day enjoy
each other's company and I feel that's
important not even just if you're a
vlogger or YouTube or anything like that
just in general just in life just take a
moment for yourself sometimes don't
forget to subscribe you guys are brand
new and just found our videos don't
forget to click that little like button
a little thumbs up down there at the
bottom is it down there down there we
will see you guys tomorrow so it's have
a great night bye guys I gotta feed
these guys otherwise they're gonna eat
my leg
