hey guys so I had this crazy idea today
well guys good morning voice is still
gone but it's coming back like this like
weird tickle Kaelyn I think has that
same thing I had a nasty cough yesterday
because I think it was like hard to talk
I'm actually getting some extensions put
in and like the front part of my hair
reason being is that the girl that is
doing my hair for the wedding suggested
it because I'm going to be wearing my
hair down and she thought that by
putting that in my hair it was going to
allow it to have more fullness what
we're doing is we're gonna go put it in
today to test it out to see if I like it
too
like it enough to watch actually wear
for the wing so that's what we're doing
because you get to a plate you're
supposed to replace them every like
three months or so it depending how fast
your your hair grows and my hair grows
real fast like volumes back in like a
month I finally figured out what I'm
gonna get Charles for Christmas for
Christmas and I'm probably gonna go get
back today mm feel good if he returns it
kind of wouldn't be surprised
literally last night now that you know
watching the movie Zombieland of you
I've seen it's one of my favorite
all-time movies and as I was watching it
I kinda realized we were not prepared
for those on the apocalypse you practice
on you so I want to try to find some
zombie stuff but finding zombie stuff in
Christmas is pretty much impossible
now do I go with him or do I go with
Dobson Dobson's roofing and eyeball are
would be so much fun
all right it's going down target
practice we've got our Pig zombies into
practice yeah I know it's scary oh look
how nice our drawer still I can't
believe it's still enough batteries
double-a this works why do I have to I
really hope that batteries if I plug in
this is probably one of the stupidest
most cool ideas I've had so what does it
do now see what that is creepy now he's
gonna get some axes you're right
it's just a zombie where's the holy Zoe
are you gonna shower you hiding go on
it's okay come on let's go right is that
really what you do you're a terrible
guard dogs see this is why I gotta learn
how to defend myself against zombies
because she's not gonna do it so while
Caitlin is getting her hair done
fighting took a lot longer just does
they have so much hair heals is probably
only gonna take like maybe 30 minutes if
that I decided to walk around and I
never been tied part before but it's
like one of the cutest areas in Tampa
got really cool shops I might have to go
to that bakery over there it's actually
pretty amazing over here and people I
can need to stare down was it
yeah yeah yeah watch watch this watch
now what that's all you gonna do so the
basic idea obviously I got my zombie
guys I put them on backwards
actually kind of funny if I put them on
yes I didn't put you on backwards so I
got my little zombie guy who now moves
and what I'm gonna go do is I'm gonna
get a giant thing of plywood so that way
we can throw like kind of axes on onto
him and protect ourselves and prepare
for the zombie apocalypse this is dumb I
know it's stupid but I don't know if you
guys ever do that like when you're
watching a movie and you're like I
wonder I do that every time with a
zombie movie I think about it to myself
and like if the zombie apocalypse came
I'm not prepared I used to be prepared
cuz I used to know a guy with a like a
truck
I don't know anybody with a truck
anymore and I think that's the key with
surviving the apocalypse is you have to
own a truck or know somebody who owns a
truck it's just every zombie movie
that's how it works okay so these are
Caitlin's extensions I haven't seen this
done yet
just give her a mullet tell ya you don't
so crazies it looks so natural on your
hands like it doesn't even look like it
something stuck on your hair all right
get your time yep just for you cake from
Sarasota so you're from the North Pole
right Santa Santa drove me to Home Depot
to get wood I knew it
it smell hot dogs Chicago dogs any
distractions got my sodium intake for
the next two days for safety's sake I
want to get a piece of plywood and make
some sort of backdrop so that way
I don't kill myself or we don't kill
someone there's knowing me all right so
we're targeting does that particle board
right
that's foreshadowing for today
since I'm obviously an uber I thought
that the only way I'll be able to do
this is of course I'm just got to
reapply everything when I get home
hopefully starting it's more of a
project than I thought
this is obviously here's the fun part
yep so we need well we have officially
completed our hair alterations it's not
really a hair alterations it is okay
again I know it sounds crazy but I'm
eating this like delicious chocolate
that she made it's like having to me
right now because this took so long oh
darn hear that word can you guys name in
there I am this is kind of like what I'm
doing for my hair for the wedding which
a lot of people might think that doesn't
look much different but I never really
do anything for myself
I don't really spend money on things I
don't really ever get my hair colored I
don't I just really don't do anything
this is something I wanted to try will I
do it again probably not for the price
because I am kind of what you would
consider a cheapskate in the sense I can
accept things as they are but for the
wedding I'm willing to do something
that's a little bit above and beyond
what feels comfortable for me so that's
why I'm Julia but I will tell you what
women amaze me it amazes me how much
money women will spend on themselves to
make themselves look a certain way or to
make to beautify I should say themselves
I mean for heaven forbid we pay money to
get fake nails which we already have
nails we pay money to get fake hair
which we already have hair weave is real
girl it's crazy
with me doing everything I know it's
real hair we do absurd things we spend a
lot of money to look good okay so guys
you need to appreciate that women you
need to appreciate that but I will say
this
it is kind of nice doing something a
little bit different for yourself but
like I said it's it's definitely made my
hair a little bit thicker but I'm I'm
still a little bit nervous about it I
think that's why I'm on this very
Caitlin knows I'm just a little bit
nervous about it because I don't usually
spend this type of money on myself so
I'm done freaking out right now so now I
got to figure out how to put it back
together so you want to do it and I
gotta erase the stupid son because if
the Sun Goes Down that's gonna suck and
look I took a bunch of caution tape from
Home Depot Shh I'm basically half-assing
this whole thing this week you're
embracing time right now I want to do
this today
well it ain't pretty but it looks like
it might stand okay so now I gotta find
a place where it seems safe probably
against that tree or against that tree
over there
dogs want to do something dogs it's a
zombie it's a zombie okay
a good idea to conveniently-placed axe
let's go let's go destroy this thing
you
well I was going to do an axe thing but
then I turned it into some cinematic
crazy stupid me fighting a zombie thing
I think I'm gonna do one thing and then
I'm like well you do this with it I
didn't get to use the moving thing I
really want for the crotch on this guy
though don't worry guys I protected you
you guys are all protected now yeah what
do you got you got three beds in one and
then you are just taking over my bed I
killed it just remember I just saved
your life
from a bunch of zombies or at least one
zombie he's got hit in the crotch a lot
for some reason I wanted him though
that's why I said it like that normally
I was sitting over in the corner but I
turned it just for you I know I need to
go get diesel okay I'm going to do after
saved your life what No so I figured at
the beginning of the month I was looking
pretty Haggard you know because of No
Shave November and since the holidays
are coming back and the Dollar Shave
Club you know never I did it earlier
this month they hooked me up again with
another whole product and hooked you
guys up I figured you know it might be a
good idea I thought this was like the
universe telling me that I should
prostrate my face if you are not signed
up go sign up dollarshaveclub.com CTFxC
all new members get one of the best
razors for $1 free shipping and then
after that each month it's just a couple
bucks more which is good because if
you're like me and you forget things a
tremendous amount of times this is great
because it just comes right to your door
this is exactly I was saying earlier so
I'm going to actually do this because I
want to show you guys how good this is I
don't want it just like blows smoke up
your butts and I'm gonna actually show
you something to that I use a tremendous
amount of time as well we're actually
gonna prove it to you right now this is
the star shower
obviously right there I've been using
that
every single day it's pretty much why I
look so spiffy you can get the wanderer
body wash which is like sulfate free all
that bad stuff you know so it's good for
you yeah your body cleanser you got your
shampoo
you got your post shave cream you got
your shave butter this is your body bar
now you don't smell which is pretty
important now that I just killed a
zombie invited a B is this actually
smells really good I just realized
there's a pair of 3d glasses
everyone needs a pair of 3d glasses at
some point that way they're not plastic
this probably works for women as well so
I think aliens are you think a using
this right that's not a lot like you can
see it's over there and her little okay
she takes baths more than two hours to
prove how awesome this is I'm gonna
actually shave my beard completely off I
feel like I haven't seen you like
completely please even in a really long
time I don't think I know you ha
Oh so I'm using the dr. Carver's shave
butter feel like you're to do a really
good he has this good say I'm in dad
belly right now look at your cheeks are
saved I'm going to literally look like
I'm 16 years old
baby baby smooth skin it's so weird cos
you're here I mean that's so like course
though it's so engineer you must wash
that face they do bad job
don't get your sideburn be careful here
baby burn I know it's gone right he's
hiding I'm really hating
you know take a guess where would you
possibly go and we got the a burger shop
a pizza shop or a sandwich shop that's
actually kind of hard to think about or
sushi there's four places right there
for you guys don't fix them it's
something so good why would you tell
anyone anything we are now it's sneaky
this is a fun little game is this
freaking you guys out it's really really
great funny is that smooth no what if
you go up but if actually guys I want to
ask you right now in the comments should
I keep babyface or so here the beard
back out my guys so to water and
cranberry I live life on the edge should
i do baby face or should I keep it like
this or should we go five o'clock shadow
or should I go Grizzly Manning it's like
you a grizzly man I don't know what is
it I think I have this weird obsession
like yeah well you just date a bear I
know you turn into one the best thing
indeed yes well now they figured it out
we're at a pizza place Yeah right I'm
playing on snapchat
