well I guess when you gotta go you gotta
go
excuse me ma'am excuse me hey Zoey what
are you doing what are you doing I'm
back Internet but my voice is not back
yet but I am back in st. Petersburg this
week it was incredible I had the time of
my life with all the girls I just feel
so lucky that I am blessed enough to
have some of the most amazing friends in
the entire world I'm not even kidding I
think I need it I think a lot of people
needed because we've all been kind of
stressed and you know the holidays it's
just it's a lot to take on so
it was the perfect time perfect thing
forever here I was this Oh what are you
doing up there he's trying to get up
there but see ally made it so so tall
she came to jump on so she's a little
pissed off she's trying to figure it out
anyway I was responding to a bunch of
you guys on the iMessage account and
apparently I don't know how you guys did
it you apparently broke my phone so
right now it's not responding or
receiving any text messages so I had to
call Apple and they're resetting
everything and that doesn't work we have
no I have no idea what I'm gonna do but
that's actually an achievement guys you
have broken websites before and now you
broke my phone just through text
messages I have no I didn't know that
was possible
congratulations speaking of which I'm
really really excited about this let me
see we're gonna show you I am so so
pumped I woke up this morning and to a
cool little little surprise so if I go
to the charts little social networks
look at this look what you guys did we
are number one we are number one we are
the number one app guys we beat
teamspeak we're beating demi lovato
we're beating pump my texpro or whatever
the hell that is this is this is awesome
first I mean when you're scrolling
through the App Store you see us in the
icon that's that's an achievement in
itself it's like when you guys got we
the Kings to number one or in the charts
and things like that it's just it's a
this is good all right we are all
cleaned up I really didn't do much to it
I just got trimmed because I had to go
in tomorrow and get some stuff tied I'm
feeling a little bit better kind of
picking myself up from the negative
feeling of this weekend well it's not
really negative it wasn't a negative
feeling it was merely a very enjoyable
weekend that took a toll on my body but
I am Alive I am doing well I got my hair
cut so I'm feeling a little bit better
but now I gotta go get some Christmas
shopping done because I am that
last-minute person and I saw so many
guests that I have to buy
and I need to get it done ASAP you know
that fun thing where you go through the
refrigerator and you find things that
you forgot was existing in there it's
kind of like when we found all the
pickles in the background I just found
this thing was Ali made some syrup and
we forgot about it
anyone wants to put some syrup on there
freaking by the way is your tattoo still
on your butt well it was a half sheet
well you did get it had uttered Meg if
you have no idea what I'm talking about
I was Caitlin - yeah go watch
yesterday's video when Allie was asleep
Megan was it Meg
meg and Caitlin may but I have to say
that tattoo there was a temporary tattoo
but it looks real and it's got like gold
like like foil it looks pretty
convincing yes true but you can get like
kind of shimmery gold like tattoos not
too good but yeah if you would have just
made it a little red it was like makeup
I would have totally believed you just
go watch this - this video you can see
that the awesome tattoo the convincing
awesome tattoo we're in a predicament
I've got the piece so so bad and there's
a gas station right there but she won't
let me run out the car
because just because please don't drugs
I can thank you I know but there's
stupid drivers on this road reminds me
of the time where we were in London and
Danny had to go really bad he just ran
out of the car there's like hopefully
I'll see you guys later and just ran
guys remember that
how did something broke since my mind
off of things twice
Oh
well I guess when you gotta go you gotta
go you could have waited any longer
blade - now I want him to run into any
traffic because I'm Charles and knowing
the street that we're on something bad
could have happened and then you really
wouldn't want to spend so I'm glad that
I stopped at a McDonald's for him but I
do feel really bad
anywho we're gonna go shopping now let's
go buy gifts for like my dad his dad his
mom my mom got Melissa every my sister's
my brothers
a lot of stuff we're gonna do I don't
want to do it I don't get too far into
this week to where I'm like super
rushing I'm gonna try and get it done
now try and get it done now and as you
can tell my voice is so gone but it's
coming back it's a plus I was so guilty
doing that not buying something so you
have to take a poo it's okay I literally
have no Jojo I counted it was 35 seconds
you were gone for a while it was all I
had to do that yeah yeah don't be
ashamed if you have to poo in McDonald's
if I have a to like tell you had this
doodle
don't be ashamed we all have to do it
with my nuts
if they say not to my math yeah exactly
go ahead and put your month your nuts in
your mouth shoot Oh Marley I love that
later
where's some nuts mmm man you can keep
your nuts and put them in your mouth
when do I get so vulgar I'm not gonna
lie though I think the keys trip made me
a little bit more vulgar than I already
was and you're putting plastic in there
no yeah you're oh there's a whole bunch
of plastic in there look at that here
baby we're gonna throw that away sure
no you can eat the nut cheese chef it's
turning me into one vulgar individual
thanks to all the beautiful girls that
are my best friends that's okay that's
okay
I'm a xxx old woman I can talk dirty
oh not all over my face place I couldn't
see YUM mm-hmm
so good after a big poop
I didn't have to poop is it bad that I
have to pee again that is litter I'm not
kidding that is literally the closest
I've ever come to almost peeing my pants
I've never come that close I've always
come slightly close but that I literally
was concerned that I was gonna pee my
pants and I was like looking for bottles
so that's why I have this now so I can
just in case you always need a Gatorade
bottle and on tour or trips in general
like what we did when I was in my old
band before we the kings and we're in
the van days we would always tour with
several gatorade models we tour with
like a red one so that way they would
turn the lemon lemon color so that way
we know well that way we know we don't
have lemon color and we can make sure we
don't drink make sure we'll have an
apple juice in there yeah that's what I
wanted for Christmas found it I just
want a suede jacket or a smoker's jacket
so you can
so I can not smoke and watch the bunch
of Simpsons and not smoke
watch
that's my life berrak Buy one Get two
Free
who likes candles the gummy gummy bear I
got wake up what a jelly belly
do you think they'd have a jelly belly
candle if not that somebody should make
that right now and just market it solely
to the alley if you got an awesome
flavor
get your aggression out babe hold you
back well is it a wiener or is it a
female I can't tell damn that's a bird
I'm gonna get you this white coat I gave
you this alright I'll just wear that on
stage from now on yeah I feel like this
is something it was like the AFI music
video that was just released they were
all wearing white Oh perfect flamingos
what the flamingos I got Ally's done and
she's freaking out babe I'll give you
this I told her all I want is their
dryer to be fixed
that's all I want for Christmas is a
working dryer no that's contributing to
an amazing thing that we cannot dry
clothes I think that's amazing I just
wanna like holiday presents because
Christmas presents is because sometimes
people just get them just because they
want I'd rather get something that would
actually contribute
I'm glad my arm out there
I thought face-first into that okay so
what I only want this for Christmas
nope hey what is it
oh it's a cookie drop what do you guys
told me on Twitter that apparently
Nintendo came out with like a Nintendo
classic like the old NES and I guess
there's a couple at Best Buy I doubt
there's any laughs but I figured what
the hell right here might as well
checked out I bet you have this thing is
like three hundred dollars if so
Nintendo is so smart sells something
that's almost 30 years old for the price
of something that's more expensive than
an Xbox call it they only have 50 of
them people apparently were wait now
call the firetruck because I'm so hot
cuz I'm I'm so lit right now I'm on fire
I don't know where her at anyway so like
they only had like 50 of them
paralleling people waited out for them
so apparently I cannot get a Nintendo
and it's it usually you know what in our
storage unit we have the original one
victory whoops what come on don't be a
blaze you I got you oh come on sorry
three it's one of the few times Oh II
like the Sprint the other day ally and I
were craving for some reason it's like
marshmallow like marshmallow rice
krispie treats but then I got the
thinking without doing like the whole
checks mixed ones and Ally have you ever
had those checks mix rice krispies type
things
March on ones so before I go to bed that
is what I'm gonna make it totally
healthy I know the word I hate
marshmallows but the only time I
actually like beat them first like
actually when I do stuff like this yum
yum yum it's gonna be awesome
every so this is this is a way to end a
night
