all right Louis your tattoo oh hello
guys I'm right now trying to find where
I'm supposed to be yeah I dropped it off
by the way you see I'm rocking out I
don't think it's were supposed to be I'm
back right now going to my guess you
call them the neurologists I just called
a seizure doctor and getting a nice
little checkup hopefully trying to see
if you can get me off some stupid
medication Meghan is something that's
not so hard for have no signs anyway I
truthfully this is a terrible terrible
thing probably oh man I don't actually
know the name of my doctor
why shouldn't said I know his name but I
don't have pronounces hey I should say
that's what I should say okay I need you
to find this I'm late
and actually it in the wrong place it's
kind of weird
completely walking in complete wrong way
thanks blue I think I've got it just
waiting for the doctor right now
unfortunately Ali's not here yet they're
on the wait they're driving right now I
just had to go take care of this right
now
well our trip has come to an end and
it's about damn time because I'm feeling
like Moody well it looks great
that looks great Amanda looks great Mike
looks great buddy you don't want to see
me without glasses on right now there
was an amazing time in so much fun I'm
really gonna miss the spot because it
was just people perfect way to celebrate
something so awesome with amazing people
Salem and Cape very good care looks
pretty good
I'll give it to her all I want to go and
look at the water one last time before
we leave because honestly hang on and
lose my phone here I almost want to make
not this particular trip but I would
love to come back here with the girl to
him because it was it was honestly one
of the most perfect regions I've ever
had a little crazy if you guys weren't
able to tell from the video but
definitely one of the best best
weekend's of my entire life and I'm so
blessed to have such amazing friends
like I can't even I can't say it enough
I hope you guys enjoyed the craziness of
debauchery
well you just blinked I'm already done
got a crapload of prescriptions right
now still trying to wean off the whole
dilantin thing because dilantin over
time not very good for you what I'm
trying to do is I'm trying to wean off
of the dilantin that way maybe I can
feel a little bit better dilantin is
like one of the oldest drugs it's just
it's so old like from the 60s or 50s or
something like that like one of the
first ones so it's one of those
tried-and-true ones but it's also one of
those fifties and sixties style drug
where just hurts the hell out of your
body
I really can't wait till she gets home I
miss her so much I know she's always
gone for like a few days but still Meg
look at your pretty face we're sitting
in a parking lot right now this is how
we plan to spend the rest of the day yep
and we are not a parking spot we're not
a party spa so that everybody know
everybody know and guess what we change
the hashtag hashtag let the recovery
begin amen amen
my whole body hurts it'll hurt my life
hurts hey guys he's on your tail there
Marv watch out
I can't tell if they're becoming friends
or not yet
good news and we have some annoying news
the good news is that I get to start
taking less and less of dilantin the
annoying news is I looked on my
prescription and they gave me the wrong
prescription not the wrong prescription
but the generic version of the
prescription and annoying because my
insurance company takes the name brand
and that's where I've been taking for
last two or three years some of you guys
actually might know probably the medical
field it might not make a difference but
if my insurance company covers it so I
don't know why we switch it but the
amazing news is that in four weeks I
will be off dilantin so well actually no
four weeks three or four months I'm
sorry
three or four more months this crap and
that's actually a lot of thought it was
weeks I just got myself hyper and then
bumped out at the same time three or
four three or four more months I'll
finally be off dilantin finally and
forever I think they're just trying to
do slowly since we've been having such
good luck knock on wood
I've the robot going I have so many
candles I'm still trying to clean up
Ally's on her way home right now and I
want it to be nice and spotless I can't
believe I'm seeing this with my own two
eyes right now yesterday I told you we
finally released the CTFxC app and the
way we're kind of doing this to make it
kind of fun is that if you buy the app
you send us a message using the hey see
galaxies at iCloud iMessage account we
can actually talk back and forth so
right now I've been talking to a bunch
and responding to a bunch of you guys
like a new way of doing something to
interact with you guys so if you guys
didn't know go to the CTFxC app comm go
download the app we've been working on
this thing for about a couple months now
and I'm so so happy it's out and then
once it's all installed send us a gif or
a sticker - hey CTFxC at icloud.com
using iMessage and me either Ally myself
is going to try it we'll try to respond
as quickly as possible to you guys so
right now I'm taking about like 30-40
minutes and just trying to go through
all the text messages I got I literally
just got like four or five hundred text
messages
just kind of going d ppppp so you see
this is from Lauren and she just sent me
Ali the Ali emoji which by the way is
probably my favorite one and I don't
respond to right away just give me some
time I literally just got no joke
hundreds of text messages I've never had
that happen but please let me know if
you guys like this idea in the comments
because I thought this would be a really
good idea for all of us to kind of
become more interactive with each other
and yeah so okay I got to get back to
doing this because a bunch other just
came through right now though I got it
down to 15 so up sixteen seventeen it
just keeps coming and government so that
means you guys like it so that I makes
me really happy so I keep talking about
it because I'm really really happy hey
sir
Finley how did you knock that down let's
whew so Big Easy apparently yesterday
after I watched the girls I put him in
his cage because they didn't want him
running around ever friendly come on I
don't trust you up here and next thing I
know he's out of the cage he pulled a
Marlee somehow and Houdini himself out
of that freaking cage and I was like
okay cuz he's at the you know the window
barking or pawing at the window and then
next thing I know I look over and he's
outside so he now knows how to get out
of his cage after let me also know that
and open our doors a little son of a
bitch where are you what are you doing
up here let's go
I know it's a new old it's like a new a
whole new world right family let's go
downstairs because this is how I have to
do things with it sometimes alright
let's go
I got you
you can totally have done this yourself
I actually have a question I don't know
if actually any of you guys might know
this it's a random thing but I just
noticed oh wow I'm bleeding where'd that
come from for example see how our carpet
is kind of bending up right here I think
it's doing it over here as well
it gets doing up here is like does
anyone know how to fix that whole
situation we're on the edge right now
just ripping up the carpet because you
don't really have a carpet fans are
showing your dogs not really the easiest
thing to maintain unless you have a pet
robot which we do stuff is so cool
I've always wanted my own ant farm or
ant Canyon oh and don't judge me with
this cracks me up and out stupid hold on
I'll show you this is some hilarious
butter inner wall butter please watch
out look at the road don't look at me
look at the road look at the road
Kevin King what do you would he get
super super happy geez everyone's so
happy the only one being good is of
course Baltar Zoe
yep we all know you're right Lois your
tattoo was Megan hey Meg give her tattoo
grandma I'm sorry Allie got a tattoo on
her butt you know I can look at that
real close detail this looks really good
meg did it Meg did it I'm an artist
everything is nice for this triple yeah
okay you're my big boy
I play an egg for everything but
everything else I've loved also been you
know
and then everything else Oh No
so you got third tier there's other
people Caitlin very good here's the
thing Allie calls me and she goes I got
a tattoo I'm like where'd you get a
tattoo and she's like I got a tattoo
she's like I got it on my butt I'm like
first off radar I know I don't believe
it second off I get a text message for a
Meg over here and then immediately like
I'll show you the photo I was like a
little bit concerned but then but the
thing is I've got so many tattoos in my
life I know immediately when you get a
tattoo if she just got one yesterday
it'd be so red so red you know about
that too I think I think savanah might
know a little bit about Taylor why more
for the road one heart please just a
little one just a little one you've been
training for four days we know you get a
stopping right now no just one like a
little like to do pops what we got
do it do it do it do it come on yeah
make it beautiful there's lots of photos
I mean yeah I think it was like it said
it tastes like gasoline I was trying to
the girl gonna do their makeup with
Sharpie she took the red one
that was when I saw young based on oh
yeah no way
yeah oh yeah she walking I love you it
was the first time I just like I just
normal severe just so good to see you
hey girls this is my best friend makeup
guru extraordinaire skittles we have
some skittles in there I'm really happy
to be home I had the time of my life I'm
not using you some one time immediately
she comes home she's cleansing yourself
yes and it was a rough morning for me
I am side thing and how awesome the
house smells nice
hashtag hold on that's good um I know I
clean before I left
yeah but then we had three dogs going
crazy at a puppy you know I don't crazy
looks real nice and clean you know
what's on your face this time that
coffee
let's charcoal I need to do text I'm not
kidding you though
oh man right here I woke up one morning
and I had like I swear to God I guess
that bad luck when I travel I just AM L
told you have been the face in all over
here I know everyone had highs you guys
remember when Ali got bit was in Hawaii
we get bit all over face Alaska Alaska
which you got yes she had all over chin
make that little bite mark so bad we see
your tattoo again no okay see your
tattoo
take those britches off so funny well we
kept talking about getting a tattoo over
here down there like we were all
jonasson for Melissa listen we never get
a tattoo and Celtic no I'm not going to
get one so I was looking around and I've
been wanting to get one for ever a while
like you know yeah you've been wanting
to get one and so how are you so happy
that that is not a real thing actually a
really nice integrated tattoos realize
got gold
like gold mentioning it something come
off them but nice and she's like she
went to a gas station and bought all
these tattoos and she's like we're gonna
put them all over you but I
Bobo's blog how he called me and said
that this happened and immediately I was
like no no no then Meg proceeded to send
me these and I started to get a little
bit worried that it actually may have
happened it looks the only thing that's
not believable is the fact that there's
no redness if there was a little redness
I would pry him okay she did it well
guys the family's back home
we just gotta go pick up diesel tomorrow
I just finished like hundreds of text
messages so I'm gonna call it a night
for right now anyway guys don't forget
to subscribe to guys her brand new and
we will see you guys tomorrow as always
bye guys
how's your butt feel all right see you
guys
