I'm just gonna start off today with
awesome news at least I'm so proud today
I just got information from Apple that
our app is now available it's been this
has been like a two-month process for me
and Apple literally okay this is what it
should have been approved a long time
ago and no joke
there was this emoji of Marley where
she's like angry and she's got this
thought bubble over her head where she's
like doing those like expletive things
she's like basically when they do the
pound sign you know they at ampersand
and like a number something just to
signify that they're cussing or angry
Apple didn't like the fact that that was
on the the store icon so I had to switch
that out because it has to be a certain
age doesn't matter it's fixed so that
means right now the CTFxC emoji app is
available two things about this project
that I think is gonna be really really
cool and really interactive with you
guys is that I set up okay over here I
said this old iPhone right there and
what I'm going to do shoot what is the
camera with the password hold on think
of that otherwise this is not gonna work
works all right
this iPhone is now connected
specifically essentially to you guys so
once you get the CTFxC emoji app you can
send us like a message using one of the
emojis and we'll see that you had the
app and we'll basically be able to talk
back and forth we wanted to do something
really really kind of fun and different
so we thought this would be kind of cool
I know all your Android people are
probably wondering what the hell and why
I ever got you guys I'm still trying to
figure it out I've actually talked to a
couple of developers so that is going to
be in the works very soon but right now
this is kind of for the iPhone so
Android I'm really really sorry I'm just
not that smart yet I don't know
everything
in the meantime now I actually get to go
download my after the very first time so
I'm really excited that called Ally I
was like drop what you're doing
what's wrong what's wrong what's wrong
okay here we go release this version
what 1.0 ready to go so to make it easy
just go to the CTFxC app calm and it
will redirect you to the AppStore one
app two apps in one we wanted to do the
best I got to think about medication now
I've lost my voice has been hit demos
crazy weekend I've ever had in my entire
life and I am exhausted I am so tired
this is gonna be our last magnet keys
which makes me kinda sad because I'm
going to absolutely this so much I'm so
glad I got to bring all these girls with
me and they all are part of my life I
just feel so lucky I'm so blessed I miss
charlie mr. dog so I'm getting ready to
head home I'm ready for it
how'd it go how do you have a voice here
bear we're gonna go walk around Mallory
Mallory Square there's kind of shelter
hopefully chill want to be my fingers
crossed
Oh kind of like food I do girls your
bodies are bangin we've got some real
girl bodies and my sister is no joke
loading up on all the shoes right help
for her friends
so Melissa just branded hogs rest saloon
down here at Key West
that's a beautiful tribute baby tomorrow
is okay sorry guys tomorrow I need to
sit down tomorrow is actually my
appointment with my seizure doctor and
or just my I don't know what you want to
call him and I'm telling him no more
these things because I've been I had to
sit down while I was doing all the rest
of the video because Ali's been really
having issues with the the internet down
to Key West do you think that they would
have a little bit faster internet down
there but they don't so melissa has been
really helping her with her hotspot so
that's been the only way that we've been
getting Ali's footage is because my
sister has been helping I know what I
need to do before I completely forget I
need to wrap Ali's present because it's
been sitting on the sitting on the
kitchen table you know what's been doing
this is also what's been sitting on the
kitchen table just this because there's
a puppy in the house so I've been
walking around with this he's doing
pretty good because what I've been doing
is just leaving the front door or back
door completely like open and that's
where you can go in and out kind of like
a cat door but the second I closed it he
just pees like right here so I'm trying
to teach them how to do this the bell
but that's that's another whole chore
but what are you doing you some bad
again I'm walking down this like
alleyway and I swear to God I stumbled
onto a garden full of head
oh okay anybody get that a garden full
ahead got with me here's some where'd it
go
Wow look it's a rooster it's actually
kind of a creepy thing that they have
here
a bunch of heads on stones which I'm
sure there's significance to this but
it's a tad creepy guys this is like the
start of a horror film I feel he's so
nice you're a liar Melissa you're the
worst liar I've ever seen in my whole
life you better keep walking Melissa
don't you shake your booty my mom used
to always do takes of funny pages
we got was was smart because you with
recycled newspapers but now there's no
such thing as a newspaper so you can't
really do that both the point of a
present anyway is come from love I never
get alleys second person actually what's
going on is like my eyes are going
cross-eyed a little bit so I can't
really see what's going on what I'm
gonna do is I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna ply it off on there oh this sucks
I figured out how to do it now here we
go
I flip it this way it looks good I feel
guilty I think I know what he wants to
do is spin you wanna go for a walk
what's going on so it wouldn't be
Christmas without doing a joke gift
cheer so I wasn't got a lien joke yet
it's not that crazy but it makes me
laugh
oh is it that one
protective any protection any protector
fine right
mallory square we have made it so quiet
right now but it's still very very nice
I think we're all feeling the effects of
the weekends yeah this is the way that
we're getting in the bachelor party it's
the perfect way to end I feel so lucky I
had all these girls here we go out at
the time of our lives
just spend a few days together so
amazing amazing trip I'm so thankful but
at the same time I'm ready to freaking
go home okay I love you girls thank you
for taking shots for me eventually you
sweet ass of Megan don't make that face
Oh everyone's gonna hate me in a second
I've been trying to clean up the house
as much as possible I had not gotten to
the bed cuz I know if I do the bed it's
not gonna be perfect so I've kind of
just given up on the whole bed situation
but I come here okay so I've been really
trying to like clean up around the house
as much as possible just because like
Ali does so much so much around this
house and for me that I wanted to kind
of have a situation to where when she
came home from the bachelorette party
that everything was cleaned and she
didn't have to do anything would be this
like a nice relaxing time for me so I'm
trying my best got laundry going I mean
we had like I don't know how many things
a laundry I'm gonna clean up this clean
that little area up make the bed they
make the couch legal presentable and she
deserted it because she does so much so
much for me I've never done this with
you are you a pain in the ass I've got
to say guys it's been really freaky nice
to be able to just hang around the house
while Ali's doing a bachelorette party
and getting you guys some amazing
footage it's been able I've been able to
do so much like like back-end stuff like
just like so many things guys having to
do with the other house just basically
work that isn't fun for vlogs but if I
don't do it
vlogs don't happen so it's been really
nice that she's been able to
hold my back like that and still be able
to entertain you guys even on our
bachelorette party she was able to do
that Zoey actually she liked it she
played it
what happens on a bachelor party I
decided to make these cool and opposed
at the store
they're like personal pizzas you guys
remember records back in the day when
Pizza have had personal pan pizzas so
reminded me of that I think I should
probably get that because that's pretty
freakin awesome the piece is awesome
this is actually kind of exciting for me
it's kind of like going to release a new
album stuff like that that I get to
contribute I guess it is so it should
take you right here so you see how this
offers I mess a job too so that means
this to app someone so you hit by it's
gonna give you a bunch of instructions
on how to install it it should be pretty
easy
very straightforward we try to make it
really really easy and install so once
you install it this is the address that
we set up so we can talk to you guys on
iMessage just hey CTFxC at Ikon calm you
hit that
okay now there's two ways to do this you
just say hi and so we'll get hi over
here see who's got it - we'll go into it
we'll see that you have the sticker and
be able to tell that you guys have it so
we can be able to talk back to you guys
and if you have the sticker you can just
activate the sticker back - we will
think of the contest for how we get you
guys into the app itself
like right now Jocelyn's in there just
to show you what I was talking about
like how every once in a while would
have a contest winner and we'll
illustrate you in there so if you see
the random girl in there that's actually
Jocelyn we really hope you guys like
this it was a lot of work like I said
and we're gonna keep updating with your
ideas so keep thinking of some ideas and
I will stop talking about this for
tonight because I got it order my pizza
no bake my pizza I'm sorry I got beats
on the brain and then tomorrow morning I
have a very early appointment for my
seizure doctor and then Ali comes home
so it's it's gonna be a very awesome day
tomorrow except the doctor part that
part sucks don't forget to subscribe and
have a great night bye guys your mom
comes home tomorrow
