my stress level yesterday was the 10
it's at a 9 or an 8 because most of this
hot spot actually worked a little bit
better than the hot spot that we have oh
come on guys don't make this up to a 10
again yeah so here goes Oh again so it's
4 vector 10 so I just finished uploading
the video for yesterday if you didn't
check it out go check it out so I guess
would be day one really officially
because day one of the bachelor party
was them getting there
so this is actually day one of them
being there all I have to say is girls
are freaking weird girls are weird like
I know guys do things on bachelor
parties but like weird oh but I do have
also really good news as well let me
show you this I wanna show you guys you
know the gift keyboard slash sticker
pack that we make we're making the CTFxC
one I just got an email and we have some
good news look at this yep Finley I know
this rune Eric so I just looked into my
developer kit and I just noticed we got
approved so right now I'm just waiting
for it but that's the gift keyboard so I
get the gift keyboard being approved now
I'm just waiting for this thicker part
to get approved it's in
view right now let me show you so as you
can see it's as pending developer
release which means that's ready to go
never mind this thing this was me
screwing up a couple times this has been
a process so now I'm just waiting for
this thing to be approved as well and
then we are good to go it's been a long
time trying to figure this thing out
that's why says useless dead ignores so
there's been so many like times I've
screwed this thing up as far as it's
basically trial and error but I think we
made this thing awesome so next week I'm
assuming that Apple will approve this
stuff and we'll be able to release this
to you guys
I'm actually I'm really really really
pumped Oh careful though I already
talked to him he's not gonna get in your
face today we talked when we had a
conversation I think it's like
equivalent to like you know that a
really annoying person that you had like
in school or just annoying friend that
just is so clingy that would just always
be around you just like hey hey hey what
are you doing now what are we gonna do
huh what kind of do this can we play if
we do this I think that's what family is
to Zoey so he's just like over it for
now once he's out of puppy mode we'll
all be friends just that key so I don't
I don't eat something
you have done earlier so now my future
sisters telling me I smell like an old
homeless man's balls I know this is I
would rather drink this business right
now so bad even though you just been no
time to go I'm gonna go get some
exercise or make these guys get some
exercise because today I actually looked
online and there's actually a roller
derby going on it's the last one of
their season and in st. Petersburg I
know a long time ago like years ago
years ago I went to one in was in Tampa
but it was one of the ones that was like
a flat track but in st. Petersburg they
have the only one that's a banked ok I
know they have one of the ones that are
like banked so think about that movie
like with Ellen Page you know the one
that was like all curves I figured what
the hell I'll go I tried to see if
everyone's back in town but Ben's on
tour Travis is doing acoustic stuff and
Danny's doing the acoustic stuff as well
I'm just gonna watch the bunch of girls
pummel each other in roller derby sounds
really bad to say but I thought it'd be
kind of interesting Finley's come on bud
you're not in trouble let's go pal I'll
go for a walk family let's go let's go
you want to go buddy let's go we're just
gonna get some exercise
trying to find
trying to find hair dryers and
straighteners run right there and then
we got meg Melissa get over here 1 2
great talents is what makes the heart
grow fonder silence is what makes the
heart grow fonder
oh sweet mood so where you at girl are
you up in there guess what I got a whole
bottle right here for you you know I've
noticed and I thought it was kind of
funny kept laughing to myself it's kind
of between Ally's clips and my clips and
see how crazy they are and then coming
back to me it makes me laugh every time
I was like cutting back and forth do you
guys remember when Marlo used to do this
watch they take the area cornstarch Omar
I always kick in my head and she'd go
and chase them pins fall look everybody
dick works I was just using that further
past tender there's another one Hey
that's just so nice about puppies is
there so easily tricked
I ruined Marley was that stupid or that
pea-brained I think the golf carts more
for me it's more for me buddy
you know it's fun for everybody you guys
want to know something pretty crazy I
look on my facebook and three years ago
today was the day where we found out
that's somewhere somehow the album that
Strangelove the album before that went
to number one was the number one album
and it beat Beyonce so three years ago
today we beat the almighty Beyonce for
like I think was like two days or
something like that which is a huge
accomplishment that was the one that we
released by ourselves with the help of
you guys and so was the self-released
album and we went to number one it was a
crazy crazy day well guys three which
means that the debauchery must continue
knowing all these women you know it's
gonna be an interesting evening this
evening we're just as he'll she came and
she uh she showed up today which is very
very exciting we're on our way to dinner
right now
and Meg just might be the brides and I'm
gonna be the bride she might be the
bride she is finally here up this way so
one extra gal on this entire trip
alright so I'm just waiting for my uber
slash x-wing I'm so sorry it's not the
Millennium Falcon I feel so so stupid
but I called yesterday I was talking
about the uber thing and I thought I
thought for some reason I don't know I
think was my brain farting it is not the
Millenium talking is the x-wing and I am
so sorry right now everyone facepalm cuz
literally the second somebody pointed
out the first time I was like oh my god
I'm such a moron
anyway I'm taking another x-wing to go
to this roller derby thing so I have no
idea what these things that we've out
but I figured what the hell I'm at the
house right now got nothing to do let's
just go to the roller derby you're
eating out
yeah we're gonna have a really good meal
burning out of a few bars go to maybe a
drag show or two
actually we are going I'm not gonna
compromise yeah we are fucking going to
a drag show tonight and it's Shelly's
last night unfortunately Shelly's last
night
we're getting real crazy tonight all of
you know every single one yeah yeah
what's already is interesting
I'm just expecting like Helen Hayes
don't know where that's actually what
got me interested apparently they have
like a really tiny girl that I'm just
going to seriously stereotype as valid
page she's number three where she see
the person with a star they have to get
through them so it's like football
eventually
let's see
that was pretty interesting I actually
kind of enjoyed that I'm gonna have to
pay attention to that coming could I
know ally would love to go see that kind
of stuff
believing basically before the policing
this happened since I don't obviously
drive I have to get an uber I don't want
to deal with all the traffic and all
that fun stuff so I'm trying to get out
of here is like pretty much I think the
black team ended up winning anyway there
was a lot of fun I hope you guys enjoyed
that little a little adventure I guess I
just saw it online and I was like I'll
go you know it's like one of those
things you just gotta say yes sometimes
