I love that the wind is just blowing it
like what you scared
this is a vacuum
I woke up the internet where a Lisette
is pretty much a mess so it's my I'm
trying not to freak out and not have a
stressful moment but I'm just having
such a stressful time trying to wrangle
three dogs it's kind of crazy especially
when one is a little rambunctious puppy
luckily he's really smart so he knows
I've been just liek leaving the door
open I just hope Ally's having a great
bachelor party right now that's all I
care about
I will I will take everything for the
team as long as she's having fun
well good morning Ally and it is one
heck of a morning and I hope you guys
are ready for this I've got my coffee
mask on so I'm looking real crazy right
now
sound o'clock in the morning and I just
wanted to show you guys this it's a
great way to wake up pretty short today
I've been freaking loose I know I'm
losing my mind there's alarms going off
there's dogs going off my emails
completely full I just keep up with
anything right now I'm losing my mind no
these are for you trust me you don't
want these oh I hate those today has
been chaotic all day today that's why
right now I'm actually getting to start
my day I've been honestly I had to work
with the video because Ally had some
internet issues
it was just like an Internet mess where
she's at right now but we figured out
something I think that might work then I
had to edit the video once I got it and
then I had issues with my internet and
then I got like 70 emails I'm not even
kidding that's not even an exaggeration
there's like 70 emails what are you
doing
chillin there were 70 emails most of
them are like bills and just various
end-of-the-year stuff I'm so stressed
right now I just my level of stress just
went like went right up right through
the and then these twerps keep yelling
at each other that's not helping at all
Zoey come on family just wants the
liquor all over the face he's always
just not having it hopefully you guys
want to see the scariest face I'll ever
show you that face Zoey what I don't
want to deal with it I'm going back to
bed first off this is what we're staring
at it doesn't get much better talking
about life and realizing how lucky we
are to be here in this spot right now I
guess my whole rant is about just do not
take things in life for granted guys do
not take it for granted and do not work
too hard to the point where you can't
enjoy these things amen
get emotional
if for some reason barley doesn't care
as much it just seems to be Zoey I think
it's just cos Oh ease this think she's
got like you know the hip issues and
stuff like she doesn't like be messed
with
but the thing is she would never hurt a
soul but she looks evils hell like super
evil like he's literally licking her
mouth and she doesn't care I mean she
cares but she would never hurt him
I have to say so that's probably
scariest I've ever seen you look but as
you can see
Finley's all up in her face and she's
just like doing that whole thing like
she's not gonna hurt him I always get
concerned but like teeth like great in
her mouth Jesus looks scary honestly
what I think it is you know like Marley
always sticks her head in Zoey's mouth I
think he saw that a lot of the times he
just keeps doing it just kisses her I
prize if I stop then if I shouldn't be
doing that but see she would never hurt
him she's never gonna hurt him she just
looks scary
what was that job he's a punk-ass bitch
isn't he actually I'm really kind of a
proud proud of a proud doggy owner right
now they train such a dog thank you to
tolerate such craziness yeah I think
what happens is that he just thinks it's
like a game but I'm actually really
really proud that I raised such awesome
dog skin tolerate that kind of stuff and
not hurt anybody they got human like
they've never heard a human they've
never heard another dog or anything like
that so I'm gonna pat myself on the back
on that one it looks scary but I'm proud
of myself yes you're knowing but you're
a puppy so it's okay
you know you need to meet you need to
meet max those eyes this puppy face see
this is what I'm talking about like she
doesn't mind him I think she just
doesn't like being licked in the face I
mean I don't like being licked in the
face by dogs I think once he gets older
he's gonna stop doing that and they're
gonna be best friends we have this
beautiful scenery around us and all of
us are using snapchat right now yes
Millennials what's our deal giant ones
everywhere here look there he is see ya
God that is so cool there's everyone
by the way
you can do it so that your birthday cake
here one has a birthday cake and then I
can actually go to the store I still
gotta get some some Christmas presents
ie I've got to get Ally's Christmas
present and know exactly what I want to
get it and now what I'm going to do is
I'm going to do this and then hopefully
I can go do that and everyone will be
nice and fun nice and happy family doing
did they have any birthday cake with
jelly felt like these are pretty fitting
by the way I could ever make and what
I've seen from the bachelor party
they're definitely
interesting is I never obviously been to
a bachelorette party this is kind of
funny to see
what entails and one of those things I
think it's the funniest part it's like
you know the Dutch my buddy they have
that giant thing to call Larry
giant penis because that hit me
passionately
there has never been a month never seen
a giant vagina just floating around I
was reading in the comments the other
day when we were sponson it was
laughable at the front suddenly you guys
they yelling at me for wearing company I
just wanna go on record said it wasn't
just a funny it was a hoodie plus four
layers I've been even I just like this
style
well you guys are different on it you
know be honest I was actually pretty men
plus I mean I'm a Florida boy
about useless that
Laetitia shorts and sandals while the
other half of the country is freezing
where's your face we go to where's your
face that Marlene I was just telling
Melissa yesterday I said no where's your
face show your face yeah there you are
look at you you're so beautiful here so
cute your floor looks great you wanna
say hi to the Internet mom oh my gosh
this is one serious game of beer pong
says here you've got Ally it's one of
Ali's presents and I can't show you
what's in my hand otherwise it gives it
away cuz she's probably gonna watch this
check one off so I'm trying to get an
uber back and all I see are freaking
Millennium Falcon's see what I mean at
first I was so freaking confused that
just shows how unobservant I am
sometimes I didn't even notice that a
million Falcon was actually taking me
here
that's awesome Oh
taking what I learned yesterday and
letting Zoe walk herself because that
seems to be the easiest way to do this
whole situation I actually think I'm
teaching Finley how to actually walk
properly my goal is to make him walk
through that one of those gentle leaders
that the girls have to like I can see
the thing is I could never break them
out of a habit I just think it's because
I couldn't I didn't know but now because
I know what these two pups are like I
know to kind of do the opposite and
certain things been walking so I kind of
goofed around with him and I think I got
him to actually walk without the gentle
eater and he didn't actually pull me the
debauchery has officially began
it's my turn I first showed you guys
actually when I see the jellyfish even
though I feel basically brine shrimp
shrimp shrimp basically shrimp I think
it's kind of like sea monkeys I don't
know if you guys know what that is you
can see some of it right there already
around at the banquet little by little
you'll see put it up to their brain or
whatever help like jellyfish have
somebody's been learning from Marley see
if you look at the brain that goes
talking about
you can see how pulled up all the oh
there you go you can see how pulled up
all the shrimp into the center how it
digests things I have no idea
it has no stomach so you'd think like
how does it just disappear like I don't
know there's so many interesting things
with jellyfish
so you got give another player a
piggyback around the table
great
I'm actually kind of ending the night a
little bit earlier for myself and I'm
watching one of the cheesiest best
movies of all time the Super Mario
Brothers movie
so cheese he I used to love this movie
as a kid and it's holding up as far as
the cheese factor like all the toads and
all that stuff I hope you enjoyed a -
Valley's bachelor party I've got to say
they're insane they're insane
