good afternoon good evening and good
morning
did you guys still I watch The Truman
Show last night actually I watched
Truman Show I had a Jim Carrey Marathon
I watched that whole like behind the gym
or what it's behind Annie whatever it
was with Jim Carrey dude Andy Kaufman
that I started watching Truman Show then
I watched Eastern Tura and then I watch
these murderer - then I watched I think
was liar liar and then I watched the
mask which is movie I had not seen very
very very long time but right now we're
just kind of driving the dogs around
this is Diesel's first time ever doing
this with Ali okay watch out for the car
bud yeah so today was kind of a cool day
we just kind of caught up with
everything I keep some own firewood this
is insane this is okay so it's 39
degrees right now here in Florida and
mind you except for the time in North
Carolina where it hit what five degrees
when we got locked out of course which
was another whole story in itself
oh yeah by the way I think that lady
claimed insurance so we got kind of
lucky and their insurance company
totally took care of everything but ya
know that one day that we kind of haha
that one day we got locked out of North
Carolina it was 5 degrees that was
definitely and he's up it was being very
cute D I see you but
oh yeah when we got caught out are stuck
out of the house if you guys didn't see
those videos we literally I feel like we
we definitely I don't want say
overreacted but we got really really
nervous about that whole situation Ali
no Ali I think you were appropriate but
I feel like I got in rinc√≥n back like
hindsight like I sat in a car got in the
car at 3:04 3:00 or 4:00 in the morning
with a random stranger in the middle of
nowhere he was super nice but thinking
about it
oh no he probably had the craziest let's
go left go left I want to stay on this
side well ya know like thinking about
him like flagging some random guy down
and the darkest of dark roads I don't
think I would have stopped I think I
would have just kept going this is so
cute girls they got this stuff on lock
he's just trying to figure out
everything we I coming back to the North
Carolina trip it was it was definitely a
lot of fun I had a lot of freaking fun
I'm coming up I got to get up there with
you I'll get there these fatties over
here
I left turn turn sing go on deep wagger
ears or your tail we'll head your ears
I'm a little out of it
yeah but North Carolina was a lot of fun
what was your favorite part getting
locked out the Roundhouse you guys
should definitely go watch those videos
one of the nights actually it was the
last night Zoe was having issues going
up those weird stairs mind you I hit my
head I think I hit my head three times
how many G hate yours okay so leave it
to me to hit it three times but Zoe was
kind of having an issue all three dogs
were actually having issues trying to
get up on the stairs or up the stairs so
the last night we're like okay I would
carry Zoe up and she wiggled you know
Zoe is she's captain Wiggles back there
get in there definitely I like that
what was saying last night we we slept
on the floor in in front of the the fire
because I didn't want to take the dogs
up there the what yeah marlis marlis our
indicator they're almost like a
90-degree angle it was actually pretty
like it was kind of a scary situation
the whole time Oh Kat sorry I know I'm
so pretty I think that was the cat that
I there's another one I think that was
by the way that cat that was running
around the neighborhood got adopted so
we're kind of stoked on that situation
it's like a neighborhood watch type of
thing
yeah but yeah if coming back to North
Carolina I keep doing that it's the
beauty about these one takes this I have
no idea what I'm going to talk about
next definitely go watch them because
there were a lot of fun hopefully yeah
hopefully we'll get to do another one
before that we lose all the winner
because in January I leave for the
Australia / New Zealand tour but luckily
that's only a couple weeks so I'm not
too worried about it I thought it was a
lot longer but we have a couple other
tours mind you better pay attention
because this can be a it's gonna be a
good year for touring and seeing guys as
well as the new record how you guys
doing keep cracking me up buddy alright
guess it wasn't the pups anyway we just
wanted to say hi guys hope you had a
great Sunday we'll see you tomorrow
and yeah we got a probably focus on
these guys right now so we did it guys
we did another one take I'm actually
very very proud of myself every time we
do that sure let's go right every time
we end up doing that I guys actually get
really plugging in the new two hands
yeah I'm going to need two hands right
now guys all right we'll see you guys
later bye bye guys
