My dear Internet do not judge us at all
this weekend nope
because living out their bachelor party
no this happened
can't leave without putting on
cheesehead can I just did I didn't I did
was caught you did I do Wisconsin I can
go out I feel accomplished do you even
know how to Wisconsin I just did every
time I go through is that always gets
tagged with all the equipment Oh always
gets tagged and it's like fun for me
because I see it it sucks when you're
the person would you do now my pedal
it's a good bass pedal early foot by the
way what is it negative seven negative
seventeen is forty make is walking in
that car they say one more time negative
seventy seven takes 17 degrees and makes
it negative and that's how cold it was
now we're gonna go back into like 75 80
degree weather it's gonna be glorious
come here you little comical puppy she's
like okay it's time you D breakfast so
good morning Internet it is about to
begin
the bachelorette party okay oh look at
cars getting all packed up looking real
nice looking real nice welcome at
Sally's it was adorable
I'm sending Ally the video for today and
the clips with my mouth
we thought we looked out to you so in
front of line yeah
you saying right now idiots rip funny
thing though people complain about the
weather like if it's too hot it's too
hot if it's too cold is too cold
I don't think anyone ever been like you
know the weather is perfect I'm sending
all this stuff to Ali right now so she
can take care of the video make sure
it's online so yesterday's video is
online she was going to leaving to a
little bit later today for her
bachelorette party be fun we've kind of
wouldn't be the stay over to just kind
of like one of those mental states right
now I'm already asleep in my bed yeah
right that's what I'm trying to do look
at this man put a blanket out of nowhere
our times gotta say one I got some for
you boy
you
submitted Larry this is my cousin Larry
really
yourself Larry paper driving Larry do
you got to ride the train back before
they open it up so you can actually walk
to the back to the airport you've
actually got a nice
we underestimated about how long this
drag is I got a small army yeah
our bladders are very very small so
here's something for a second time from
the restroom we have like 2 and 1/2
hours
real dangerous so maybe less than two
never officially made it to our key
sorry uh uh yeah our key the key that we
are staying on and I'm so excited
our we're a what like three minutes away
we are four minutes away I'm so excited
it's been a very long trip but it's been
an awesome
Oh
Philly Villa you to stay in the house I
gotta get your dumb sister hi guys
I told you I was gonna be gone for long
let's go side everybody's loving each
other that's my older sister my younger
sister my sister from another mister
this guy so let's open the door
yeah sure while Ali you know all the
girls are at the bachelor party Ali's
mom is gonna watch diesel and I got a
deal with these guys so I got a babysit
little pups
I think he's been playing with diesel
too much Vince like I just want to play
with Zoey please going to play with Zoey
can i play with Zoey please in the
meantime I'm gonna go take a shower and
change because as you can see I'm
wearing the same clothes which is
disgusting I know but when you are
playing a show okay we just put the this
is what I've noticed when doing these
fly dates so I wake up at like 5:00 or
4:00 in the morning fly go play the show
and then we do that until like 2:00 a.m.
get to the hotel that we have to fly
again at like 6:00 in the morning so
I've kind of come up with a situation
where I just fall face-first onto the
bed and whatever clothes I'm wearing is
what I'm gonna wear the next day and
that's kind of what I do is I wear the
clothes I'm wearing the following day
others a mosquito right on me I don't
need that dengue or like I'm not kidding
I fall asleep my shoes my socks my
jacket on everything and that way I can
basically what it is is so I can be lazy
and so I can have the most amount of
time to sleep he's trying so hard though
can you throw him a bone just throw them
a bone rush of our game great my name is
Jin Lee hey we we did Lee move there we
go love you so if that sounds like a rag
doll there's so many screens in today's
video
welcome oh this is so good this is so
good
creaking cool heart is full of my heart
is full of happiness my heart is full of
happiness happiness this is so cool are
you kidding emotional it's like a really
great man
oh my god this is so crazy this is going
to be one of crazy epic epic epic epic
weekend
you
he's gonna be one heck of weekend I
don't even got like remotely prepared
for it either
I hope you guys are Burberry it's not
just a few but it's where it's located
not only do we have these we have kayaks
that we're going to be able to take out
but like a little beach right there a
little beach right here
I'm coming are you coming I am I am I'll
poop I lied wrong spot
really this isn't old that's ours I'm
trespassing looks okay this isn't ours I
like this is a nurse okay this I'm so
sorry I don't want to say just woke up
but I just took I took a nap as you guys
got to see in that little time lapse I
did that because it's always interesting
to see what the docs what the dogs are
always doing hey Joey play nice plain
Zowie play nice
krisily poor Zoe
pull it Marley pull up Marley ask oh no
we're gonna leave her look for a second
we're gonna leave her alone Jilly's like
screw this all right oh boy shake I do
not want to deal with this make yourself
at home there bud okay that's cute what
are you doing pal
you know you're not supposed to be up
there thank you
he's literally been mimicking everything
Zoey Marley dude I got a guy outside I'm
losing my mind get you lost you lost
your bandanna wow this is Dick Johnson
Dick Johnson everyone oh my and that's
my best friend the interpretive dancer I
do your Internet do not judge us at all
this weekend nope
because women out there the bachelor
party
happy / Larry what happened
I can't I'm dusty son okay no guys
remember I'm so high it's because I
thought a leopard baller and of course I
have lover tattoos
no you look the best I can do you girls
all look so amazing Bali I'm very proud
yeah Mon let's dog figure out how to dog
almost no I'm stuck I can't figure out
how to human I don't want to drop this
all right fresh you guys I only trust
jelly he's always the only one I trust
me now
alright guys come on I was honestly was
just about to say we're starting to
figure this thing out I think Derek come
with a cannon because I think is a
little bit more cumbersome the thing is
another thing I would have to actually
hold this is actually doubling up as a
flashlight so leave Zoe alone come on
leave so he alone she just wants a walk
but he's such a puppy looks like I kind
of got it working
my stress level only went to a 10 in
like 4 seconds
oh my gosh no I was just on a tarmac
Hey I gotta give Shelley here yep - yes
I'm just for movement we're going we're
leaving we're leaving
it was two seconds sorry about that I
don't even know if I know how to who it
are you having yet not at all
go girl go girl go girl go girl just
just watch out for expensive stuff
that's cool do you think just don't
destroy expensive stuff you go ahead and
move around your neck huh hey guys
there you go I'm sorry are you for cars
today all right if I am on Savannah we
know where she's at
how come this has been so easy for the
last couple minutes are you even walking
yourself the whole time you're such a
good dog that's what it is
I just gotta have you walk yourself
because you know what you're doing that
was a success at a disaster at the same
time well what does the GoPro that's
taking a bunch of photos of my jacket
that's weird
they'll bring some ghosts back from the
rave okay what I'm saying is I feel like
overly ambitious right now and I think
it's time through mr. Finley to try the
golf car for the first time figure this
out
come on Rosa first okay and then you're
over your spot and the Marlene get on
your spot
Thank You GW in the middle because I
don't trust you yet hey where you going
you're the one that said nothing to do
this the best yeah it looks like we
found the solution he's actually being
really really really good
see buddy I told you the golf cart rules
I know yeah he's just gonna lean on my
lap right now it's kind of funny because
he slides back into the back so he's
using Zoey as a little stopper I guess
you can call it hope you can tell he's
completely any of underneath it but he's
just looking at the road and just
observing he's doing better on this
thing that he was walking with everybody
over-ambition sometimes works
I didn't think honestly this was gonna
work very well you did good
hey forget it that
I think Marley's Finley's favorite
because Zoey just doesn't deal with it
because what we're about to take be
calming her it's probably where the
cameras made out this evening
amazing really stay tuned for the next
couple of weeks or next week oh my god
I'm going to bed I'm gonna drink I'm
gonna drink my beer numbers take my shot
it's your kitchen oh yeah and uh we hope
you guys are really enjoyed vlogs and
I'll see you tomorrow I'm not gonna film
anyone you guys me tomorrow
I won't most I might not be much
