whoo I feel weird
hey those pants do make you look like a
big butt Ellie you don't have a good
butt duty do anymore
it's the pants the pants make you look
like a butt
let me see your butt Jerome it's still
wearing the pants they got to show off
the butt Lucy you do it right do more
nurse thank right here ya go like this
small here all right Lucy your butt so
we haven't taken back the sonne but it's
pretty much a general consensus that you
guys like the cannon more but on the
sony it has this amazing slow-motion
feature which the cannon kind of doesn't
have but at the same time it's kind of
useless with us come on Marley you know
come on I need your help so we thought
it'd be kind of funny to go get Thea a
little helicopter and do the evil Marley
thing again but do it in super slow
motion and see if it looks good well you
ready you're gonna go do your thing
she's shaken he's always shaking Wow
good little tight so you want to pick up
a Sony rx100 and you know the last one
I've seen was a version 4 and now they
released a 5 so we got it and we tested
it out that side-by-side comparison and
the video two days ago
and it's pretty much like you guys
almost almost a unanimous get 80 20% on
the cannon because we want to do 4k
eventually but yeah not worth it not
quite yet
so we're gonna do some slow motion stuff
right now okay let's do this
not seriously who doesn't like dogs
eating peanut butter
I noticed that Marley's got a little
peanut butter on her side though Zoe
look it you should give your best friend
look right there
I'm Marley look I'm Marley either you
get all the peanut butter off rather
have peanut butter than poop on you
that's true
whoo I feel weird you ever seen David at
the dentist that's what I feel like
right now that new medicine that I'm on
whoo-hoo it's like a party right now
what was it I was getting a coffee that
I got a haircut because tomorrow I'm
flying to Milwaukee because we're
playing a show at the rave that haunted
place that I told you guys about a
couple days ago which I'm really excited
about because I want to go see that
haunted pool again and maybe venture off
I don't know if the guys are gonna want
to venture off because they get scared
very easily so see if I can convince
them but I am a little bit worried about
the freezing cold because let's hear how
cold will be tomorrow in Milwaukee
Wisconsin and it's nothing working I
just got this going back and forth if
you have internet nothing's working
right now how cold will it be in
Milwaukee Wisconsin tomorrow seems cold
to me 26 degrees or so in Mill City
Oregon
that's Oregon how cold will it be in
Milwaukee Wisconsin tomorrow about 26
degrees I find that rather cold I find
that rather cold - that's gonna be a
party - you need to pack like jackets
not your sweatshirts
nobody's know by the way our headings
gonna be shipped to us in the next
couple days yeah what I'm saying though
is that you need to have
his jacket I love jackets I'll get
jackets right now we have a sale for
Christmas this winter a hoodie and a
beanie all bundled up into one nice
little package at CTFxC merch calm so go
get that before those are sold out
because those are selling really quick
so it comes the hoodie yes you can take
the hoodie in the beanie and you can put
it on I would hope so I'm bringing my
beanie that's for sure
it's so eerie right now by the way I got
a haircut does it look good it we've got
to take back the camera the Sony so you
guys officially has chosen the canon is
official winner this is the most Awkward
way I'm vlogging so the Canon is the
winner so we got to say goodbye to the
Sony but we had some fun with a slow
motion today so that's kind of fun
that's why a Vespa I've actually always
wanted the best one your mom's goofy $60
for an SD card oh yeah this SD card was
$299 now apparently it's $40 it doesn't
make sense
I'm sorry I call so thinking
about getting you one of those for
Christmas because I think it looks super
snazzy I think you could really rock it
just think of this is my camera
it's like he's walking around she's not
school is like the DSLR it's the hot
ones
I guess be like this and I can go hold
on I gotta pull hot
like the thing is like Louie and Julian
has the cool ones for the big giant
really yeah the big dslr's
I'm walking around with the tiny little
cameras one there and one there and then
and in fact right in front that would
actually be kind of cool for those
who've been watching the videos for a
really long time do you remember who I
used to wear that stupid like leather
necklace and I had to cut it off when I
had my pick of my second brain surgery I
was like screw it and I stopped wearing
it this is actually where I got it so if
I guess I shouldn't say stupid but that
necklace it looks stupid on me at a
certain point look stupid on me that's
where I got it Michael's hey hot stuff
Who am I talking to you I was talking to
the lady who just went by not you can
you see the hidden message this u.s.
goofed up and now it's gonna be CCD no
it's CeCe I apparently didn't even know
our name there we go what an angel
you're such an angel a halo that's
actually always been there tomorrow fly
Playboy bunny halo but to say hey you
look so pretty I almost completely
forgot I have to get the dogs their
annual collars but the only thing is via
these things are just so impossible to
find for some reason I always have to
get spiked ones just because oh yes this
year's oh he got the spiked one for the
first time I thought it'd be cute to
like scary for Zoey
but she's broccoli of course I had that
Marly with a spiked one just because
she's a friggin technically and
figuratively
yo what so guess what it's that time of
the year girls are getting their
brand-new I will have pink dollars I'm
sorry I find this this light I'll be
honestly the it's the hardest thing to
find anybody for Halloween a Halloween
holiday membrane is right now Christmas
is that alley it's not my mom is not you
know my dad or anything it's to find
these specific ones because he's the
hardest thing to find C and diesel I
just love his collar so much let's show
him this show it's like this like
multicolored real funky surfer dude
puppy collar and you look so darn cute
and I'm like really particular about
that just like he's like super
particular about it I honestly will not
replace it until I find something that I
really really like but I saw that you
look really excusing you look so nerdy
we didn't kill his puppy I've ever seen
you my good name cool bye that's kind of
crazy you're so cool technology so the
one thing that you guys might not know
about Charles is that he never packs the
right way when he's traveling somewhere
when it's cold he's always like oh I can
just use the sweatshirt and I'm gonna be
fine I guess is about puddi yeah you
guys have seen it so what I'm trying to
do is I laid out things for him that I'm
like hey this might be a good
recommendation of what you should bring
when you're in weather that's 11 degrees
because you don't really have coats but
we're gonna make this work
okay so what I'm gonna recommend is that
you bring obviously I would wear like a
shirt and then like you found it this is
a shirt from the music video well there
you go so I would wear like a shirt and
then like a flannel over it bear that
bring this just in case you get too cold
maybe bring this sweatshirt in your bag
like this where is that - that's too
crazy I don't care you can do whatever
you want I'm just know it gives me like
cross
yeah I'm just talking about like
layering it's important to layer when
it's cold me you don't have the proper
clothing because if anything what you
could do is you could wear this with
this and then if it's really cold
put that on over it if you don't want to
bring that yeah let's do that
do you need night clothes cuz you got
pants right there okay I fall asleep in
the same clothes and the way of the
night that could be left oh like flying
at 5:00 a.m. so yeah what I do I'm like
okay it's weird 5 a.m. when I closed on
and I just fall asleep and just wake up
in those clothes
there you go that works ok please note I
am NOT trying to be an asshole
I just he calls me every time that he's
away and he's freezing cold saying or
where's the H&M or where is an hm that's
very very true being like I'm so cold I
need a jack and I can't believe how cold
it is when I've told him a million times
like hey you know that it's cold out and
you know what the temperature is that
requires a jacket or multiple layers so
please don't think I'm trying to be mean
I'm just trying to teach him the way he
yeah and you know some not being mean
I'm just trying to I'm trying to make
sure that he doesn't get pneumonia while
he's away Pannonia so alan i got new SD
cards and i just started like going
through everything i found a bunch more
like extra ones and i kind of put it
together like it's kind of crazy to
think about like all the vlogs started
at the four gigs and now we're at 64
like how much life has been recorded on
these little pieces of plastic kind of
blows our mind to think about i mean
like seriously honestly like all the
life that has been recorded on these
little pieces of plastic it's just it's
kinda it's stupid but it really is kind
of mind-blowing to me one of these and
life is gone
