this is the new one and that's the old
one good morning guys so the sun's way
to my face we are going to get my MRI
checkup right now
usually get to do this like 4:00 in the
morning so unless you're pretty pumped
that it's 11 o'clock in the morning but
I have to show you this we're driving
and I don't know if you can notice how
foggy
I don't think I've ever seen it's foggy
what's that bridge goes away don't get a
seat a little more
he came see it's barely over there
looks like we're in the high altitude
right now but obviously we're not
because that's water right there CERN
oh my son it's in my eyes if you forget
it my sunglasses every time I wear
alleys basically created
these are mine never mind I'm gonna
still sick
maybe here
though it sucks it's my nose certainly
yeah
yes there was about two days ago
yesterday was 80 degrees
I think we're not able to like her body
I think it's somebody else said
something about North and South Carolina
it's the same thing right now it's like
it's going so cool and then dropping so
quickly like oh my god we just said it
was 50 degrees and then what the 80
degrees before let's just say 40 degrees
for sake of argument like 40 degrees
roughly and then left like 80 degrees
and then we're like 270 degrees
now it's cooler today take your body
cannot think
what's so annoying about the weather
cause we don't work weather people right
now that you start in the morning with a
jacket by the end of the day you're
sweating so you don't want to wear that
jacket the attorney and you're cold at
night
exactly it's we get kind of screwed so
you can't see the water is not as matt
normal we can see that airplane
it's the bugs blood
I thought that was an airplane right
there
it has to be a pain in the ass right now
to fly in the Tampa Airport what was the
fun part
well actually the fun part was this
that's always the fun part you know I've
been poked and prodded so many freaking
times you think I'd be used to it but
it's still freaking hurts
I get thought for sure I'd be like oh
nothing like to a point it actually is
but at the same time let me show you I
don't think I can you could see a thing
poking out at the top
dang the iPhone so it's really good for
vlogging so I just got out of the MRI
and I noticed that Instagram gave me the
feature of going live so I went live on
my Instagram feed you guys don't know my
Instagram it's pretty easy thumb scream
just like everything try to make it easy
for everybody guys what I say hi littlez
look there are some lies some pile
coming through these I guess I'm high
and we were trying to be super meta so
we have Ally how do you guys described
the word meta here there's I think it's
a thing within a met I think I know what
it is in my question programming and
stuff but there's me going live and
there's Ally watching me go live extra
she's not watching me she's driving oh
man I remember these things that was not
fun are those photos those are my on my
head right now the hard part of getting
this shirt on I have to put it backwards
I want to call those anger spikes when
they ask me that they are what's that
Charles oh just a negress break you know
it's good
you hear that girls
you hear that that's you give me that
back mucus it's not me giving it to you
I think it's just like an accumulation
of all the crap that's floating around I
think we're just rundown
oh this is the g9x it is yesterday's
comparison test was so hard to tell the
only problem I can tell with a galley
myself it was so funny too because the
first edit I was like what was wrong
this looks exactly the same
apparently I put a stacked both cameras
I did two cannons on top and over there
I don't and I couldn't tell the
difference because there are the exact
same cameras so my thing was at the
right frontal lobe so I guess it would
be here I'm afraid to take this thing
apart not be able to put it back
together my brain it's a pretty ring
right is that the medulla oblongata or
something like that
is it the medulla oblongata most part
about the way I'm slowly getting better
it's still totally congested but I'm
getting there
dr. Charles took like really really good
care of me but I'm still tackling
whatever's in this area of my body even
if the doctor's office he's still
working got brains over there
biohazardous material I don't even want
to know what that thing is right there
it's a ikg ikt EKG
EKG well there's that too we got our
gloves we got our little fun chair the
Charles is gonna be sitting in very very
soon
I'm he is still working gotta work got a
work work work work work
either means work look how great these
are trying out there guys they are just
incredible
yeah II know I mean had a headache I
probably give it to him yeah I heard
one figures how would ya
when you're
sounds like a weird dance song
right here with your left up right here
so they didn't get to see it but I just
filmed Charles bailing a math test
epically bad okay this is the new one
and that's the old one yeah that's good
I'm going to submit the app yay I'm
trying to submit this thing right now
but I have 1% I don't know if I'm
actually gonna get this off and we have
traffic right now so I might have to
wait until I get home by the way just
get other doctors we have good news the
first time I ever actually said it looks
like it's doing smaller but that's that
was a technician so I don't know if
that's actually the truth but the good
news is though is that we are still good
my brains still there and everything's
looking good so I mean that's all that I
go for excuse me
positive news it's always very stressful
I always talk about this every single
time but it's true like every time just
before these things I get like I'm
stressed out even more so than normal
and then right after and I'm always like
yeah yeah this is awesome like really
pumped up so even more pumped up that I
could actually submit this app today and
I don't know what to be improved but I
get it it's one of those things working
to clear ID plates for a little bit my
plate for a little bit with 0% we were
gonna submit this right now I don't know
how my computer has 0% up just I just
died
never mind get your booger out
I've always got boogers in those Ali
went to hug me and I mean first thing I
noticed was like oh you got a booger in
your nose okay I got all the food I
can't open the door let me see your
boogie me make that boogie boogie watch
out so let's go say let's go let's go
let's go it's cuz their beds out there
can you guys tell them on the hold right
now with the bank Oh glitter
what's the glitter hey well he always
laughs because for example like it's
like what could we help you with and I'm
always like super inappropriate I'm
always like my balls are too big like
from drunk history trying to run this
dog out right now our wedding invites
didn't shower envelopes invite Oh
different company getting there guys so
going through my health insurance right
if I'm gonna fill up the paperwork and I
saw this page and I thought it was kind
of funny you see this and there's a page
that just says this page left blank
intentionally what a waste of paper we
actually never walked down here downtown
during the Christmas time area last time
obviously I was on tour and I missed it
all that one's cool Flinstones
the earth Flintstones like cavemen they
couldn't really understood oh we gotta
go that way go this way you see them
watch out for the bike there's little
Finn oh my sister no big deal
oh wait so it's gone
who's the spaz then and diesel are
friends now you were waiting until you
they met didn't ya okay that's actually
part of the smartest and most clever
thing you've ever said in your entire
life
I'm glad the cameras rolling cuz it'll
never happen again all the trippy isms
just got erased from that one thing Vin
Diesel can see all the door please get a
photo findiso
that's really cool I love those lights
Allie's our favorite lights step in poop
I love that there's music playing in the
background
I know so nice I wonder please like paid
or if he's just doing it oh I don't know
yes Charles he's right inside that tree
not business they feed him for the whole
month and then once the whole Mondas
happy they're like okay we'll unlock the
door only to out I say it wasn't like
there was more acres inside of the tree
it's me there's a man a hole actually
there's a whole band in there you just
don't even know no that's a real tree
honey they cut it down and brought it
over here
wait how do you where's the thing put it
in all right down there okay
oh yeah probably
okay that actually kind of funny
the little drizzle there I like how we
didn't get the fit on the freaking James
what'd she do couple days ago I had this
idea to where I wanted to do
kind of like a wireless monitor honor
like on our wall so we can have her like
security system or cameras and all that
fun stuff but I was thinking about it's
like is there even a wireless monitor
that I could actually do that and then I
realized it was a complete moron and I
could just use one of our iPads and what
I want to try to do is I want to kind of
put it up here so that way we have like
kind of like a smart home I guess
honestly I can't believe it's taking
this long for me to actually make this
house and do it some are home taking way
too long
there now our house is smart we can play
Angry Birds that's game yeah just hope
it stays and now we can just you know
get set our alarm here's the cool thing
I put on tile so that way you always
lose our stuff that time we could
firemen roads if we don't have our phone
on us so we can find our phone as well
we can check their security cameras
change that if we're that lazy I know
this is this is so stupid but I just
want to do it because it's to me it's
cool you can make fun of me this is
super super dumb I know you're like yeah
yeah yeah it looks cool we just have an
iPad on the wall lot of good news today
so I just want to say thank you so much
for watching today's video so did Ally
it's just like that little surprise
she's feeling a little bit better don't
forget to subscribe guys it's been an
awesome day today I'm actually really
pumped up it's always great to when I go
get that MRI and I come out with like
the amazing news that we always do it's
great news I don't you get a little
something anything just a little bit
that's so much here that's so much there
it's kind of like all over there boy say
goodnight you guys oh good night guys
see you tomorrow
