so good morning Internet I am still sick
I think I'm slowly getting better slowly
actually our neighbors just came by and
they're so sweet they have a little girl
named Elsa and she brought us over a
card because we gave her the Easy Bake
Oven that we used and she drew a
Christmas tree on it and she wrote us a
little note it says Charles and Allie
you do the nicest things for people and
you're appreciated more than you know
love Elsa and then she made us cookies
which is the coolest and the sweetest
thing ever I just I just love our
neighbors they're so awesome the ones
are just right next to us are just so so
cool so if they're watching with you
they're probably not but we love them
and we want them to know that we love
them so very much they have one common
goal right now they are lining up
they're coming together as one right now
they're normally not a team but when it
comes to food and Marley not knowing
they heard they're joining forces cuz
they know Marley if she sees this watch
watch out watch what happens
Marley what a treat all three of them
now these are so delicate he's so dead
like supposed to be like the UFO I guess
you can go I don't know what it is cool
launch bays and this thing is so tiny
every time you leave the house I should
just expect you to come home with the
toy of some sorts only not a time
other carbon magnificent is running red
that's really good wow that was I don't
know what that that's all it doesn't
diplomatic well you know it looks like
some of those little bells at a hotel
thing it does it really actually does
find the room that did you have some
high ceilings yeah you don't really have
high ceilings
you're very short ceilings why don't you
hold it in your hand like you're
releasing an alien creature into the
world well that is so cool
it's so minor but it's so cool oh we
gotta just figure out how it's working
like I don't understand that it's
supposed to just hover but they think
you touch it I don't know I can't really
figure it out what you get for 15 bucks
literally has one button we can't figure
this stupid thing out put on the ground
so that way we can not screw it up too
much line up with something
go up in the air die
why don't so high I dig it oh great
Roswell it took me a second
Diezel all right there you go those are
more pills than I have to take anything
Zack yeah well I did learn in the
comments you know I like we always
respond in the comments within the first
thing hour or half hour of the videos
but somebody told us that you can't get
the same exact cold twice over mutating
me before between each other you're
getting it can i mutate it and i got it
and i mutated it back by the way if you
wonder why diesel was outside it's
because he's terrified of things like
that he's a big old baby ID so we are
still trying to find the camera from the
other night she had Charles Charles
brain right now you don't even do check
my backpack because we might have an
extra backup the reason why we're the
kind of scrambling is because I have a
show at the rave in Milwaukee and then
right after when I land
Ali's already leaving for her
bachelorette party so naturally we need
two cameras otherwise you guys get to
see no bachelorette party the worst part
about losing a camera though it's not so
much the camera I mean that part sucks
it's the footage on the camera I've said
it like a million one times like if I
cameras ever stolen or something like
that they can keep the are I'd rather
them not keeping them just an
exaggeration like they can keep the
camera just give me the SD card
obviously I don't want beat the people
taking my cameras but at the worst case
scenario we can't really vlog with that
coming oh you had it like that in sepia
that's actually a cool photo you're
totally awesome appointing shoots okay
so we've got to see if there's I think
next camera I usually do specially for
situations of Charles likely forgetting
things I'm fine this is squished Marley
Marley she's fine this could be a
temporary one I think what it was is a
doesn't do 24 frames I think was the
opposite we switch it to 60 frames just
good I feel like it looks a lot smoother
like the vlogs Legolas you were there
that mean the g9x
you try it we got this little toy that's
pretty much the greatest thing for
Marley keeps her occupied so you smell
it it's in there okay go get it keeps
her occupied for a little bit which is
nice but she's so smart she just picks
up and takes it somewhere where are you
going get out mark see Marley's the only
type of dog this will work with Zoey's
too smart she doesn't care get it out
you didn't the other day you make it
look like I torture you I swear the
other day she got this out she knows how
to get it out she just turns it on the
side but she's gotta take a second to
figure it out yeah it's under it's on
the right side bro the wild alley
appears like she's in public chorus were
in the Apple Store and char has to play
the new Mario game
I've never been so excited for an app on
the iPhone
except our emoji app uh-huh what I did
there
I've always said it feel like that the
only way Nintendo is gonna keep up with
everything is if they adapt to mobile
devices do you guys remember years ago
where we hid the little chick-fil-a cow
into that little bush it was a long time
ago
no we found it you sure you don't want
to get only tea No
our sweetie
I'm refusing the letter get coffee no
dehydration tea this was under the
questions on the mental age test
I take the things to the trash can why
did he say Oh seven years old by the way
guys I took it again I didn't film it
and sit up 21
sigh I'm not just a seven year old
though
I'm still 10 years younger though not
seven that's the cold air
I love gadgets so what that thing is
doing is it's like getting rid of all
the negative ions I guess but I keep
asking what's that going up it doesn't
work it's not working
I don't think Elly's ever seen a 3d
printer last year they're so amazing
though
it's like no one's not even doing
anything it's just become we should
totally buy one we could just model it
we could just make models of you and I I
mean as far as technology oh my god so
that way when I break it I can just make
a new one do we know it only cost me
$700 and little bit want a little more
unfortunately I was telling you guys
earlier we have lost one of the cannons
so today what we tried to do and I'm
gonna try to have you guys test it and
this is actually perfect low light and
we picked out I guess it just came out
or is it
the Sony rx100 version 5 so when we get
home I'm gonna actually put cameras
back-to-back or talk to each other and
I'm gonna have you guys with a Christmas
gift flash I screwed up gift they didn't
have the can I do some nights so we're
trying to do a little research and we
heard a lot of good things about the
Sony
not only do
wanted to try and get him something
and we wanted to see if we can bump up
the vlogs to 4k because the Jeep the
canons don't do for K and the Sony's do
yeah but this is limo you guys watch a
vlog all in slow mo but I want to try
this ride today
the guy at Best Buy was telling us that
like this
like you could film humming burden and
you can see it squeeze just going like
this you know in real life
great for vlogging you know you see my
mouth constantly going like this it's
super cool definitely goof around with
it but the problem is from what I read
it's not that much better so what I want
you guys to do I'm gonna do like a test
and we put one camera on top of the
other I'll do it side by side and I'll
let you guys decide which one's better
that way we figure this out a little bit
better I've always been a candid person
I know some people are Sony people Apple
fanboys and you know windows fanboys
droid first Apple the same thing
that actually right here might be the
issue rated that autofocus test one guys
this is me just filming around regular
vlogging not on my face yet this is how
I'm testing you guys make it fair okay
let's look for dogs there's some dogs
say hi
are you preferring the Canon and the
Sony which one but so far this way it's
really hard to tell the Sony is a little
bit more saturated here's some color you
can really tell the difference and the
canons a little bit more matte so I
don't know if I like that a little bit
more alright what's doing on my face
that's what really matters when vlogging
top one the top one is the Canon and the
bottom one is the Sony as I think you
can see my big-ass head barely fits in
the Sony here's low light obviously
that's gonna be an issue no matter what
actually kind of impressed
there's Marlee and a mark defines oh I
don't really know right now Sony and the
can endure this is good this is good
adversaries let's go outside
how could you get the door I can't get
the door alright you getting a shot two
so two people in this shot okay so this
is Ali
can't you barely even see Ali on the
Sony don't the the range it's a lot more
definitely on the Canon okay let's go
outside and test this guy out again the
Sony's on the right the Canon is on the
left
don't worry about the audio right now
this is all about the film oh really no
back and forth right now I probably just
stepped in a lot of Dodge with not
paying attention there's all the glitter
can you guys see the glitter on any of
these cameras
which one looks better so far and I'll
see if I can get inside Ali I need help
inside how about when I looking light
which looks better what it is is that
I'm really like kind of taken to the
fact that the Canon has way more to my
side and then the sony is like right on
my face and i think it's because i have
such a big head that i have an issue
with it what you guys think let me know
in the comments like I said the right
side is the sony RX RX 105 is what I
think it is whatever it says on the
screen and the left side is the canons
used to have an x mark - and we're just
trying to make sure these vlogs are
better
these will tug and smacked diesel use
talking smack over there
I think the Sony does 4k but if it does
4k and you barely see anything it really
doesn't matter you know what I mean it's
got to be something that's perfect
I'll and I went to go look at some
Christmas lights see right here doesn't
matter what type of camera you have
you're still gonna be dark and just me
listening to us it's like a radio show
right now a CTFxC radio show this lot we
could build a house with the tree in the
center there's a really like an atrium
two-story house and may have your dad
tree there's a tree that goes to center
of the house that's gonna cool just do
it a tree oh look you can see us again
kind of good news them
I made her walk around because a lot of
you guys suggested getting like clean
air or like fresh air which by the way
we need to clean those sheets
immediately and I know you got do it
again doing laundry sucks I think anyone
could relate to doing laundry especially
college kids like if any of you guys are
watching from college you know how
annoying that is I like white lights
what are you guys like you like white or
colored that's the other really bright I
like kind of like this what do you guys
think colored lights or like white
lights
alright guys so your mission is to tell
me which camera looks better right now
I'm back on the g7x and obviously I'm in
low-light so it doesn't look amazing
just want to say good night I got to go
to bed super early now because tomorrow
we have another MRI checkup I hope you
enjoy today's video don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and I
will see you tomorrow zords I guess
