thank you so much do you need anything
else good morning guys so today it looks
like I'm gonna be playing dr. Ali I
think got the cold no no I got the cold
back looks like she got it right back to
ad be protecting her all right what do
you need your life okay I would get you
some food and medicine it was though I
need your help
it's creepy all right I'll get you some
like some soup and some like b12 or
whatever it is B vitamins I'm just
saying this like I know what I'm talking
about
I didn't see I love you so much
I'll get the stuff I'll be right back
diesel you're in charge actually it'll
screw that Zoe you're in charge actually
screw that Marla no no no so your charge
I got dogs on patrol right now you okay
any special requests all right I'll be
right back I love you I'll get it back I
love you too sweetie
I think this is what happens to like
every relationship when one person gets
sick the other person to get sick and
then when that person sick now because
of another person the other person could
see again and just back and forth back
and forth usually were able to like kind
of get rid of this stuff but
is because the weather kind of weather
literally this change like so quick in
Florida you've been kind of having to
deal with that that's nice but I love
this part about the winner is
smells like fireplaces and then fire
pits it smell so good until you smell
like a fire pit and then it sucks
so what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna
go get a bunch of like b12 vitamin C and
some soup you know like light things and
have crackers
maybe I'll just shut that down her face
and make sure she eats so that way
because my goal is I need to get the
vitamin C now so I don't get sick again
so it'll just keep going back and forth
back and forth otherwise right now we're
on round 2 of this mistake in the
sickness
sucks what is this this is a phone book
a good pocket but more challenging this
there we go
son of a bitch got it
I haven't seen a phone book let alone
throw at my door in years it's gonna be
so useless you feeling any better
we got some food we're an American
family Marley wants it to
what's this snazzy sweatshirt actually
it's our old ugly Christmas sweater okay
and I got some B vitamins this should be
good has vitamin C and B vitamins I know
what you need to get the salts in your
body o Gatorade I'm gonna get some
Gatorade that screwed up I forgot
Gatorade actually you go get the you go
get it ready paper rock scissors paper
Rock scissor shoot is that paper what is
that
beat alone how many did I give you
doesn't say nice to can out stick it out
I got a button I got this for ya take it
like a normal I know you're gonna take
200 and you screwed that up
come on ya do this you know what to do
yes but then what squirrel friend huh
where's girlfriend he's so so confused
there we go look at those squirrel
friends
he's long gone though guys speaking of
which squirrel friend I actually wanted
to address something really quick you
guys had a million and one awesome ideas
yesterday for the gif keyboard slash
sticker pack and I just wanted to say I
wrote them all down so that way if we
don't get him in 1.0 that's the beauty
about this whole situation this whole
idea is that we're able to do updates
for free so that way when you guys have
ideas like let's say diesel with a
lizard on his head that was one idea or
Marley as the dog you devil things like
that we're able to just like update like
whenever you want so that way there's
like free updates I think that's like
the greatest idea about this is that
it's a very interactive you guys have an
idea we're able to implement that idea
on top of the fact that we're gonna be
able to illustrate you guys in that idea
the only thing that I know I saw a lot
of comments were about Android and the
problem with Android is that there's so
many devices we aren't really sure how
to like approach it so if any one of you
guys are actually an Android programmer
please let me know because I might need
your help so that way we can hit up iOS
and Android at the same time because I
want to make sure all of you guys are
happy even though that's an impossible
mission I know that can make everyone
happy with my ideas that's life but if I
can make a couple of you guys happy
that's all I care about
oh don't worry all you guys ideas that
you gave me yesterday and you're giving
me today I'm writing them down if they
don't make it in version 1.0 they'll be
able to like one point two or one point
one or whatever the hell we have to do
this we will get your ideas in there
another one that was kind of funny was
me falling off a skateboard or penny
board and I thought that was hilarious
because I referenced all of warped or
2014 where I have so many scars from
that one oh and squirrel friend was
another idea which is an obvious idea
but I didn't think of well I I mean I
keep talking about this thing because
I'm really really excited because I
haven't had like a like a project like
this that I was able to do outside of
the vlogs in a long time I might be dumb
it might be childish it might be stupid
whatever it's just it's cool to me
because I like doing these kind of
things because I thought of you guys the
whole time it was like a really cool
thing for me anyways I'm gonna shut up
and stop talking about them till they're
done because that's that's the only
thing I guys care about probably
was Marley ticklish the whole time hosts
are you guys sorry about that
that's what you want too all right so
I'm gonna go to the store now because I
forgot to get some like Powerade or
Gatorade some electrolytes even though I
have no idea what electrolytes are and
if you babe actually do anything then we
gotta call Ali's friend and see if
anyone's found the camera from yesterday
because there are so many people there
that things just got mixed up and I
guess Ali did the mannequin challenge
with everyone too so I want to find that
footage so I can actually show you guys
all right so I got some more soup for
you then I'll go get you some
electrolytes want me to just put it here
I'm trying to basically stay out of the
house as much as I possibly can because
I don't want to get sick again because
if I get sick again it's just gonna go
right back to Ali or just come back for
that
it's sauce and like I said we have a
show on the 14th at the rave in
Milwaukee it's one of those giant like
Christmas like Christmas shows actually
Lindsey Stirling you know the youtuber
it is actually be performing it as well
with us and if you don't remember the
rave is that creepy creepy haunted or
haunted place
that is like right next to the Jeffrey
Dahmer hotel and that right there that
hotel apartment complex whatever that's
where Jeffrey Dahmer ate his victims
yeah I have absolutely no idea how
that's still in business
yeah that exact same one it'll be great
for you guys because you'll get the
scene again but terrifying for us I
remember that was the one where they had
the showers and they were at that pool
area can you go down there who wants to
go down there scare me every chain
what's up
I think hunters good boobs oh I don't
like that job you realize that's the
creepiest way to shut a door ever we had
to go take showers by herself
then the lady actually don't think that
film the whole thing I think there's a
little bits of it I think where she
showed us surveillance footage and it
shows the lights flickering on and off
and then chairs moving all over the
place
that's what happens there's no one in
the building and there's 400 circuit
breakers that some want if you can pick
out those lights listen listen
what you're kidding
maybe I don't want to see the pool just
before going on stage
so you can imagine what I was thinking
about the entire freaking time it was a
good show it's a great venue
especially for filming blogs but at the
same time it's a creepy creepy venue to
be by yourself oh and on top of that I
think I forgot to tell you guys the
hometown show the 10th annual hometown
show the tickets are now available along
with the tour tickets for the 10th
annual tour I'll put a link down in the
description so I go get your tickets now
make sure you guys come cuz the hometown
show if you guys have never been to the
hometown show it's always a freaking
blast it's one of our favorite shows
that we ever play because we're back at
home playing for a family but I said
this before it's supposed to
nerve-racking 1 2 so those I'm able to
tell you guys links to the hometown show
and the links from the 10th annual tour
show okay well if I told you guys for
that tour we're gonna be doing the first
album in front the back we're even
actually going to Canada sorry now he's
called thanks to me we're actually even
going back to Canada I think you Toronto
and then right after that we're gonna be
doing slam dunk fest in the UK so we
have a lot of shows I'll go check out
the tour dates right now at with the
Kings music calm I'm just
I completely forgot to do that and I
feel like an idiot so I wanted to tell
you guys now I had to attend the toy
aisle and I found this Oh take a UFO 15
bucks
I just think this thing is it's a tiny
little drone I've been trying to hold
out to get a new drone until I get the
new Mavic but it's been so
King tough I want to get it so bad I'm
still afraid my history with frickin
drones is not quite the best
now this is I always thought this would
be fun to get like one of those
Thunderbirds oh my god like that'd be so
much I couldn't find a camera I thought
I lost it
just like we lost the other one and
that's why I was using the iPhone but I
put it in the golf cart let the rate
where it was oh look
the zombies moving on a scale zero to
 how do you feel an eight it's like
white I know I'm sorry it's why
they've been protecting you they all
been protecting you I feel so sorry I am
so already
you got a tuner want to tune something
you can hold my tuner you hold my hand
hold your hand I love you so much do you
need anything else she I can't tell if I
like these type of Christmas lights the
projectors or if I think this was kind
of like a cop-out you know like with
Christmas lights Ali's still feeling a
little bit like crud right now she's
moving around a little bit which is very
very good I've been giving a lot of B
vitamins and a lot of vitamin C just a
lot of water like soup
electrolytes all that fun stuff today's
been honestly kind of a weird day
because I've honestly never seen Ali
actually shouldn't take that back I saw
her when she got dengue fever after the
Hawaii trip but I usually don't get to
see her which is good she's a very
strong person like when she's sick like
that because even if she's sick she
doesn't let it get to her she'll just
keep she will just pretend like it's
better she'll just mentally go through
it but today I'm actually forcing her to
actually take a day off and just kind of
relax
cuz I don't want this thing coming back
and forth it's just it's not good as a
result I was putting kind of a weird day
because usually it's Ali and myself
going out and doing a bunch of things
but today it was just kind of like me
but it's kind of like it not having your
better half
you you know I mean like something's
missing if that makes any sense because
she's obviously my best friend and she's
my better half and we do things
everything together so when we don't
it's kind of weird not to do it so
she'll be better tomorrow I'm sure
because if this is the exact same thing
we both had before it goes away in like
24 hours fingers crossed I'm gonna go to
bed I'm gonna let this one rest a little
bit more I'm gonna go to bed I'm gonna
let this one rest a little bit more
thank you good catch wrong with this bed
are you feeling all right guys well I'm
gonna go finish taking care of a lady
make sure she has food I don't think
she's eating so I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night I
guess I say good night
