good morning everyone
hold on Callie's washing her hands she's
being hygienic we just got away for a
second and we're back
remember that whole secret project that
I was talking about I have been working
with my friend Bob and joseline actually
Bob are you on the computer right now
yep and we've been having serious issues
programming this special little thing
right now I got to focus on what Bob and
I are doing basically Apple is giving us
a pain in the ass right there Bob yeah
so he I got it focus with him now
Christmas party is tonight at Clara's
house I've been getting our outfits
they're not really outfits are like
little add-on so that we don't
necessarily have to wear an ugly sweater
if we don't want to wear one I'm not
saying I'm not gonna but I'm not saying
that I am gonna wear one I look crazy I
feel like I've like looked like it for
the past like four weeks so I really
apologize st. Charles is gonna come with
me I'm not exactly sure if he is they
know that he's like really like in the
zone with this project that we were
talking to you guys about earlier so I'm
not sure if he's gonna go Han tonight is
Kinsley's first birthday party and I'm
so sad that we couldn't go due to prior
arrangements but have you happy birthday
to beautiful kenzley girl I love you and
your uncle Charles loves you and we will
see very very soon
okay that was really dramatic really
yeah so I just got out again yeah so I
don't want to say got off the phone
because like I'm saying just a second go
Bob who actually built one of the first
CTFxC apps has been the one helping me
with this my secret project is myself
Bob and joseline have been making this
killer CTFxC emoji app basically it's a
CTFxC keyboard app and that also we're
bundling at a CTFxC sticker pack so it's
gonna be an app that has both and we've
been working on this for two months I
feel like now it's been a long time the
original idea is what we were gonna do
was we're gonna just do like a like a
sticker pack but the more I thought
about it like I thought I'd be a little
more beneficial and more fun to make a
keyboard gif app as well long story
short that little simple idea has turned
into the most stressful things in the
background when you see me going like I
had such a stressful day because I've
been working on this thing and I didn't
really want to tell anyone until we got
closer and I thought it was gonna be
able to submit this today that's where
our goal was because we're hoping to get
this done before or like the holidays
before Apple leaves for the holidays and
we submitted the beta today and they
didn't like how something was programmed
so that's why bob was on the thing we're
having to redo it all but I just wanna
show you what I'm talking about when I
say emoji app these are just some of the
ones and here's a cool that idea what
we're gonna do down the road we're gonna
put like a contest there's diesel okay
still getting work done by jostle
there's me there's Ally that's you just
random ones there's me again
there's Zoe scared is Marlee there's
Marlee Rowland Pooh smells like
literally there's gonna be like 50 of
them and the best part about this thing
is we can add more and more which brings
me to my next point what we're gonna do
every month or so we're gonna add like a
little contest we can add like one of
you guys into the emoji app so for the
first idea we're puttin joseline this is
her she'll be the first contest winner
the reason why I've wanted to put her in
there she's the artist that did all
these renderings oh by the way there's a
coffee app there emoji show a full body
of each you and I so she has all my
tattoos and then there's some of Ally
obviously there's Ally doing this little
thing this is my favorite one actually I
use this more than he does anything else
I think we can update this thing like
whenever we want maybe like every couple
weeks every month when you guys have
ideas to put in there we will listen to
those and we will put them in there
so if you guys have any ideas of what we
should put into this pack please let me
know in the comments please let us know
on our Facebook page on Twitter anywhere
and we will try to illustrate those and
when we have the contest I will let you
guys know and whoever wins we will put
you guys in there as well so we figured
this would be a really kind of fun all
inclusive interactive kind of thing to
do I can't tell you when this is gonna
be out hopefully hopefully soon because
my I'm turning gray I think I'm sure
this is one of the most stressful things
I've been
but it's once this is out I think it
will be really fun that's what I've been
doing no more secrets now you guys know
one thing that I really think is awesome
that Charles is not telling you is that
this is a way for him to you really
wanted to like get the SOOC epics he
really involved in something that he's
been working so hard on and make you
guys a part of that so that's why he
wants to do this contest where he's
going to bring you CTFxC errs I don't
want to say the life but two animated
life finally the big secret is revealed
okay now stop talking about it until it
comes out yeah and then I'll talk about
it again Zoe can you do me a favor
will you go and yell at someone I'm too
comfortable my coat
alright don't bother me when I'm in my
coat I'm bringing them to Claire's house
because I'm trying to drop them off
early that way that they're there we're
not walking in with like 14 trays of
cookies and then I'm leaving actually
the hospital because I know what we'll
play a mental age test yes what kind of
watch yes I know it's gonna be really
young or whatever I have like a really
old mental age but I'm just super
immature I in the comments right now
guys I want you to think who's mentally
older Ali or myself I'm gonna go
according to this this thing okay thank
you kind of I don't know though I don't
know
have you forgotten where to put your
keys everything that's wrong with kids
today victim oh no so over I love Miley
Cyrus quite good-looking damn straight
we talking to you it's like I didn't
write the question who loved her I just
alright how many more questions I find
work
mm so he farted oh my god Zoe oh my gosh
it's all that pumpkin what how old are
you you're 30 and I'm gonna be 30 okay
now we add a little bit little bit young
is that weird
no that's that's your mental age is that
your age is 30 that's actually okay now
I'm afraid of a mine is the results are
in your mail is on you after already my
mental age oh my god it cannot be seven
no that's what it your mental age of
seven that cannot do this games you try
I did exactly what I would do please
don't tell me I'm marrying a
seven-year-old that's crap that's messed
up let's see what your answers are okay
can you do it again
baseball hubcaps look better forwards
with this all on camera iPad is cool
I had okay - seven I don't get it maybe
it's cuz you like the iPhone that's
messed up went through all the questions
again with Allie and came up with the
same age my mental age of seven guys
wonderful wonderful that sucks
I love our neighborhood like this Wow if
you guys are kind of c-51 anyone that
wouldn't be happy
this person who always does this I think
I showed you guys this months ago and he
moved in they just changed the skeleton
to be with the actual holidays yesterday
was Zoey's 11th birthday and I was
telling you guys about these little
moments of when she was little and I
couldn't find them but I was looking
through a hard drive of mine like an old
hard drive and I found some of them
before I show you guys this I just want
to put it out there because I know you
guys really make fun of it and
rightfully so
I had stupid stupid hair 11 years ago
but I hope all the cuteness outweighs
the stupidity since it was always
birthday yesterday without further ado I
gotta show this ready
you were super tiny weren't you yeah
stupid hair I know
stupid stupid hair that was during my
super emo stage I don't I don't know I'm
trying to think of like an excuse for it
or I was ahead of my time because now we
see people like markiplier and all those
people doing the red hair think maybe
I'm a trendsetter 10 years ago 11 years
ago
no it's still stupid the hard drive that
I had a Marlin when she was little
completely crash or was I think was
stolen actually so I don't have I have a
couple photos of her which is kind of a
bummer well is a bummer
but I have a lot of photos of her which
is kind of cute which is more reason for
me to ever tell me what every time I
find these old footage to know these
clips it's a way for me to like put it
on the Internet so if that ever happens
again if a hard drive dies
I know it's living somewhere on the
internet I know I can find it so it's
kind of like my backup system my cloud
system
I guess I'm crazy you think I'm nuts I
know everyone thinks I'm nuts
I am a little nuts but at the end of the
day aren't we all just a little screwed
up seriously oh hello
you know you need you need like a little
snow dust how long is it gonna take
until that all becomes annoying I don't
think it's gonna be annoying off because
I knew through my head that such a big
head but you got to go kiss gotta go
kiss something so when people go I'll
walk over my go oh oh it's time for you
to kiss I'm going to be lonely go no
that means you're supposed to get so big
okay
reach into my handy-dandy stocking good
you need a freaking backup if I'm stuck
here anything off and programming all
this stuff I gotta make sure nobody's
kissing my Johnson
so Ally's going to this Christmas party
and unfortunately I'm going back and
forth with Apple right now like
literally because it's like Pacific time
I don't think I'm gonna try to make it a
little bit later if I don't Ally's gonna
be filming so it's gonna be like me
virtually being there which is actually
kind of nice this is what's actually
really beautiful about vlogging your
life is that like things like this where
I'm stuck working a leak and goes to
your friends and film all this craziness
and I
we'll still be able to see it
good job okay our job
