little tiny yeah but the dogs put their
mouse all over that good morning
Internet I need you your unbiased
opinions right now does this look good
or does this look bad guys Ali and I go
back and forth while making in bed I I
feel like this looks pretty good for
what it's gonna be house just gets
wrecked every single day and I feel like
I'm busting my ass every single day to
keep it clean because we have three dogs
and a man-child I love you so much bye I
like things to look a little nice I feel
like it looks pretty nice except this
part this I'll give you this this part
looks kind of crabby
I appreciate your attention I think that
it's very kind of it to try but no
offense well you have to go all the way
from the beginning why because the
blanket never came off the bed now it
looks way worse would you do okay it
does look a lot better yeah she
definitely won I will but that's so much
work it's not it took me literally maybe
30 seconds maybe 45 if you really want
to get technical because you're good at
it I suck at this I'll give it to you
that looks way freakin nicer I know it's
so stupid and so minor but it's like and
I know we end up using the better the
end of the night but sometimes like like
that it's driving me crazy and that's
personally my fault but I like the
cleanliness III nobody wanders I've made
Marlene Zoey's bed look she likes to how
I made her bed there to support me
anymore do I get a participation award
it's still passing by the way guys good
morning and it's so easy a please excuse
my partial mental breakdown this morning
I'm gonna look a little crazy today
uh it's just it's been like kind of a
crazy chaotic week for us gamma and I
are still finishing up the cookies today
because we have to get them all ready
for tomorrow and yeah I think I'm sorry
loosing my mind so I need to take a
shower that's a big thing I do like to
get shower but I'm trying to get there's
so much so that we're trying to get done
because of the bachelorette party being
next week and then he's possibly going
out of town tomorrow
I know possibly tomorrow but we have a
shoot man next week on the 14th
I'm sure walking yep if their first show
in a while in Milwaukee so we're kind of
like all scrambled and running around
like crazy people which I know I look
like a crazy person right now it's a
Christmas show that the rave in
Milwaukee wanted please it's the place
that I really want to go in that Charles
thought that I would absolutely love
because it's haunted sorry for all the
craziness swear to god I'll be back to
normal in a hot second just right now
everything's on like like if my level of
craziness and a normal time would be
like a three let's go let's say three
it's not like a seven I am NOT like a
seven and a half right now the rest of
the fan I'm just kidding Katelyn did not
and then I tend to mix them in but I
made start killin I each made Christmas
tree that's the present if you can't
forget that uh-huh come on over here
good come follow me
come here here is our cupcake station
pears are already made cookies for my
mother you know her I did it felt she's
looking at me I know what you do and I
want to yeah I don't know how that felt
yeah yours help yeah I was eating the
cookie fine and then she looked at me
and I crumbled off you got powers Marley
food I get the magical powers
introducing gingers floor see look at
and she's got a pimp for a big cast her
pimp daddy he's got a pimp cane hand a
hold one of the kids because she was
like her pimp is holding her children
one it's the only boy she had so he's
teaching in the ways and then then
there's the nanny was holding two more
of the kids
there's also snowman what day is today
it's Zoey's birthday what a day all
right you jump back there as you can see
it's a Zoey right now because we're
gonna take her to this this is I know
this is only for dog people anyone else
probably things were crazy we're gonna
go to the pet store
and just put on the leash and let her
walk around and just put her nose and
toys whatever toys she wants we're just
gonna get like such a bad dog moms and
everyone
I think was I think we celebrate in July
you guys remember when we did it last
time like I think I will supposedly
decide on July because I can't honestly
like I got him and they said that they
got him when he was way too young then I
rescued him from these people and item I
got him I think he was like 10 or 11
weeks but I could be wrong
and then Marley's is like September 14th
or 15th it's funny I remember right dogs
birthdays and sometimes I forget human
birthdays
I know alleys I know my parents I know
Melissa's and that's it everyone else's
can't remember anyone else this place
there now so nope to us come with me
here we'll go we'll go to the dark toys
yeah when they were little I couldn't
get her nails with your class materials
of last week so you look over here
what's that it's okay baby
just like I don't know I don't know I
feel about this the one-eyed monster
what am i sir was that cool ball one
that I don't like dad if I'm gonna get
her a new pet blanket it's gonna bed
she's not having that's how I think this
is not how she planned her birthday to
be oh yeah sit down
guys she doesn't want to put her butt on
it up now if she nope nope nope okay
yeah she is so nervous Amira let's get
this one
want to that one do you like nope she's
got a new bed looks like it's nicer than
our bed actually she could be a Pokeball
oh my god that's hilarious
let's not torture that much I know we
look crazy crazy crazy crazy but yeah I
know we don't care we just love our dogs
we're actually just messing around with
this thing and there are actual springs
in this bed
I think it's actually a little bit more
comfortable you might find me on this
thing more than our bed sometimes every
time you I think she misses OE looks
like D doesn't fit in this jacket you
got a jacket - yours is hilarious
so Diesel and Zoey switched because it
was a little small and now Diesel's a
little chunky so he won't fit in that
one cuz oh he's a little chunky just
wait until you see Marley's sweater we
saw it and it's the funniest thing ever
I mean she's a little chunky for it
we're good size but I think it fits hurt
okay Marley you're you got a squirrel on
your back
Marley's girlfriend there's a squirrel
friend wait what you want to go show off
the squirrel friend open the door
yourself open my now push it good job
what's going on right now she's been
just running around in circles for the
litter I'm not exaggerating
two and a half minutes
loser like Zoe
we look for but what is all this stuff
back here is it bad I've actually never
looked behind this tree in the almost
two years that we've lived here what is
this stuff like what is that we decide
it's actually getting kind of cold as
you can see we're in long sleeves okay
something's poking me in my pocket grab
it leave my crackers in there
I like grab McGregor's don't like
crackers I literally put some crackers
in because I had all the dog talk what
I'm going to try something a little bit
different though every year we get Zoey
a like a birthday cake but like I was
mentioning earlier I want to see if I
can actually bake one myself
I feel very creative right now so and we
had so much pumpkin puree left and I
think the dogs apparently loved it so
much in your bag so yeah girl
GGG that's that's insane how much they
like that what about this do you guys
like this anymore
don't worry guys we're giving them
all-natural Finnegan that's all I got
organic pumpkin
I got organic peanut butter so it
doesn't have that monoglyceride whatever
crap that is for really bad for dogs
I got organic applesauce I got organic
honey this is gonna be the best cake
ever
so the beginning of Zoey's puppy
birthday cake I can see how excited you
look this up online and this is the way
to make a puppy cake right I'm just
throwing in random fruits that I see two
bananas a little banana neck this ain't
looking damn good it smells like a
peanut butter pie mmm
look at that cake char you did good in
the meantime you guys can clean them out
this is like what is it obviously can't
put dog they can't get frosting on a dog
cake so I made this concoction it's
Greek yogurt and Pilar oh good they're
so freaking good did you just take a
bite of that it's amazing
try it guys at home find Greek yogurt
nonfat Greek yogurt nonfat Greek yogurt
and peanut butter it's really make sure
it's cold yeah me a warm it'd be kinda
gross
you did good you you might be the baker
in this family you could start your own
dog bakery it would be very fitting to
be big of killing people who love that
stuff Howie yes I know that's true well
especially you you want a little taste
first
happy birthday Zoe Zoe it's your
birthday I could have cut it are you
gonna have some dojo oh she's like
feeding over here can I can I let her in
good luck
second she goes in it's gonna be a
disaster all right let go diesel get in
here bud candy really good you like it
it's all right
it's all done look dry it looks so moist
like that no I'm okay right now a little
tiny yeah but the dogs put their mouths
all over that thing's gonna be first um
Marley but should be Zoe he's eating it
well we got damn good that's why
I'm surprised that he is such a polite
eater you guys Marley I think your place
clean feel smart yes
well that was a good birthday I think
I'm the only one wearing so you did your
birthday hat back on the only idiot
where Marley you wear something else so
we were at the birthday hat so I'm not
the only one there you go she's like huh
no I got a gum poke a vacuum I got I got
pulp alright guys well Zoey's birthday
is today so make sure wish her a happy
birthday you know cuz she reads the
comments and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe and like the video for Zoey
bye I'm coming bye guys
