what the hell is this okay first I want
to address the fact that the beard is
gone second I want to address the fact
that there's glitter still you probably
received my freaking eyes and my hair
everything for the next couple couple
weeks I just wanted to show you guys
what it looks like out here this is that
what what the hell is this okay those my
my underwear still hanging in my pants
that's a trick with boxers okay look I
want to show you the disaster out here
gotta clean it up last night you can
kind of see it if the Sun hits it the
right way but there's all the pink right
there shimmering in the the grass that
ain't going anywhere until the lot of
people come and shoot it everywhere and
then they're gonna get pissed off I'm
wearing clean underwear I don't want to
dress that fact I just changed my pants
and I guess they were stuck in there so
I've done that one time I went a half a
day and then I kind of like was
realizing that my pants were a little
like snug in my leg or like why am i
pants so snug low here and it was
wearing jeans and I went and pulled it
out from under my jeans it was actually
during a tour day so as you can imagine
I probably was completely out of it and
I pulled a t-shirt it was a t-shirt
because you know like you know how if we
do laundry on a tour bus which is scarce
I pulled the t-shirt right through my
pants I was walking around with pants a
pet shirt I guess you could say oh I
don't know man can you see any more
glitter in my face if you're just
watching this video you have no idea
what I'm talking about this happened
last night like honestly I'm asking a
serious question like how do you get
this off I couldn't tell you yeah so
watch yesterday's video otherwise you
had no idea when I'm going to be talking
about so much God sign up in here cookie
cutters
you know I always thought that too
because I've said Joanne fabrics
yesterday getting the glitter for
Charles lit her beard and I saw them and
I didn't get them so it doesn't even
matter but anyways I feel like I still
have glitter on me in certain places
Charles is been wanting to do that
forever we've been waiting and waiting
and waiting and waiting so it was really
awesome that we had the opportunity to
do that yesterday and we really hope you
guys enjoyed that I had a lot of fun
editing it because it was just what we
are laughing the whole time
Kayla and I today are getting into the
Christmas spirit and we are going to
make some Christmas cookie using
Christmas cupcakes and lots of Christmas
desserts because we have a holiday
sweater party that is coming up this
Friday I'll be completely honest - its
kind of creepy to see myself out of like
a beard right now it's so used to assure
it was like a month month and a half and
all of a sudden is just gone there's
some glitter right there I see it right
there can you see it
I'll try to get this done to get it I
get used to that now cuz it's gonna be
glitter so you have a glitter on you to
tell your little fancy dance
there do you have pre-made cookies and
cupcakes I suggest we get those I feel
like this section might be a dentist's
dream they have so much gentle work to
do if they just told everyone to live in
this aisle this comes with having dogs
but just ignore all discussing hair just
you guys see all the glitter that the
robot picked up then you guys shed a lot
because that's what happens when you
three freaking dollars which one's the
worst I can't tell who's like gray so
it's like all under coats something so
satisfying about stepping on a bunch of
a cleanse
I think it goes along with like stepping
on bubble wrap it's stupid all right
who's gonna get peed on first today
gonna be Zoe is it gonna Marlee or is it
gonna be like a little freaking
switcheroo and Marley or Zoey's even pee
on D no good girls stay away from him
he's got that fire hose he just sprays
it everywhere when they're turning the
corner and we're clearly in our own lane
there's a kid to F over we're gonna
actually have our neighbor come over and
bake with us she
really young she's like I think eight or
nine years old she's super cute but I
think she's at school today so she can't
come over back with us so we're gonna
make some extra stuff and bring it over
to her the rest of it I'm gonna keep
away from me because I have a dress to
fit in to number it doesn't really
matter as long it comes together I guess
yeah it kind of does so probably make
special cookies I'm gonna make special
cookies you look freaks me out with no
beard I don't even recognize you
who are you I look like I lost like by
cops I like the beard five years see
however there wasn't one picture that oh
you look like you maven Chester there
was a point where I think I grisly
though no I like it would you have liked
more at first man oh yeah yeah what do
you have like a little bit more than
what you have now like well this is
because I did it maybe like give it like
three days and that's why I put it on
ten because Ali likes the beard so I put
it on tags that's a very nice thing to
do for you to do baby because you don't
have to keep it just for me or I won't I
guess it was on the zero and it just all
went so it's like whatever
that's what keep going ezel what do you
see but I'll go look oh it's a squirrel
girlfriend look at squirrel friend
you want to go get school friend there
is you can't escape Zooey Marley
although diesel has no idea sorry what
school friend oh there is sorry look is
up there
sim okay well it's not over there's o8
now over in that tree Zoe look turn
around
Marley sees it sorry look so you're here
so you got a birthday tomorrow don't ya
it's Zoe's 11th birthday tomorrow I
think which is crazy because she still
acts like a little puppy I think it's
all that constant like walking I think
that's like actually really key to if
you have a dog it's like constant
exercise and constant walking like day
walking that's what I've read are you
hiding buddy are you doing in there now
you want to go inside for the cookies
don't you cookies how like sugar yeah
that's what's for I know but I mean it's
just like it looks like clouds Oh looks
like clothes that isn't it I mean I
shouldn't be bathing I can't see it okay
you're gonna blow it on me no not me not
me not me no give me crap about me no
all right charge so you've tested a few
of the cookies what's going on with your
hands there you look like a
Tyrannosaurus Rex we have made turtles
which are probably the most easy thing
you'll ever make in your entire life
it's just a pretzel roll oh and then a
pecan and it takes like 2 minutes and
then I made some red velvet cookies
yes red velvet taken in people and
kaylynn's over here and she is making
peanut butter sugar cookies and what
she's gonna do she's gonna put a pistol
I can't strike in the middle which I
feel is a quintessential cookie for
Christmas devising and evil plans okay
so these are like peanut butter cookies
with Irish kiss in the middle like Kayla
made you like that that's it good very
more cookies okay so this is a red
velvet one that I just made I call it
the bleeding heart cookie it's good
though that kind coal I've never made
this before
it's like crap mm-hmm that's why you're
eating the whole thing and last but not
least good more these are these are
really strange-looking gingerbread man
you can make it goes from scratch I made
them from scratch
what mm-hmm like good from scratch right
out of this it was better the other one
okay last but not least look there okay
no those are the Turtles it's a pretzel
roll oh and he's gonna be so sick
tonight these I think are better when
they're cold I want to try one too Allie
got all this stuff cuz she's gonna make
some homemade wreaths for her friend's
party player and immediately I see these
things wait what are you saying hold on
I'm sorry you have glitter I know so
instead of just doing like the normal at
least butter we thought that well I
can't came up with this idea to make us
into almost what's a clear narrative um
like to wear wreaths around our neck but
I wanted us to be like almost I almost
wanted to be kind of like what I did for
Halloween where I was like the deer so
I'm gonna be like Rudolph with a wreath
Allie got all this stuff cuz she's gonna
make some homemade wreaths for her
friend's party player okay so and
immediately I see these things wait why
were you saying hold on I'm sorry you
have glitter I know
so instead of just
like the normal ugly sweater we thought
that well I kind of came up with this
idea to make us into almost what's a
narrative to wear wreaths around our
neck but I wanted us to be like almost I
almost wanted to be kind of like what I
did for Halloween where I was like the
deer oh I'm going to the store Melissa's
in a rush and I came to go grab
something for her camera and I didn't
give it to him I wasn't I didn't give it
like gifted to him it's it is jumped up
in my freaking hand he pulled a Marley
and took it okay broken camera is
perfect for you you're going to talk
security opened it appeared he did that
did you get it right buddy yeah see if
you get it right squeeze bring your
pizza dogs like this stuff
you're breaking camera I got that Ally
sent me this photo I think that's pretty
close it looks like something from like
literally like dr. Seuss so I might take
these off I might put this long thing of
these are like snowflakes hanging down
like white mistletoe so made that
everyone smells Finley right now and
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go over
couples on like like if you were sitting
here and I was standing here mistletoe
so you give me the creepy person
everyone kiss yeah I definitely raised
you right
whoa whoa I feel like you know like
there's dad jokes in the world our kids
are gonna be screwed because they're
gonna have bad jokes and then a cheesy
montage and I think it's hilarious
joey is very thoroughly and mused the
last two nights my friend Robert and I
have been up till how late was I up last
night three o'clock no four o'clock
because my medication alarm went off
like working on the secret project we're
so so close and I'm so sorry that I keep
saying secret project cuz I know it's
annoying it's a secret project and it's
going to be so fun I'm so excited
because it's one of these things like I
wanted to have like a little side
project outside of the vlogs
not to say I don't love the vlogs but
it's just something to do it's a little
bit different and it's kind of like it's
a surprise and I think you guys are
gonna love it
I'm sure some people are gonna hate it
it's just how it is but majority of you
like it what's going on
not enough tension she's been staying up
till 4:00 in the morning with me as well
if somebody's watching me or something
anyway guys we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe bye guys
you bored
