what are you doing come on let's go
outside come on well it's gloomy good
morning Internet it's pretty gross out I
don't think it's typical in the month of
December for a terrain but it is Florida
and the cameras plugging up so it is the
season for gingerbread cookies
gingerbread men and gingerbread houses
now our big issue was that last year we
tried to build a gingerbread house that
we could not keep it together like at
all no matter how hard we tried don't
matter how much icing we put on no
matter how many toothpicks that we stuck
into the house nothing would work so I
did something and I kind of cheated I
ended up going to Publix and I got
already pre-made gingerbread men that
all we have to do is decorate with icing
in the candy and this is really terrible
you guys are gonna really think I'm
awful
not awful let's just say efficient
instead of wasting hours and hours and
hours trying to build a gingerbread
house I bought a premade one so all we
have to do is decorate it you're welcome
no I'm being logical I'm being logical
all right let's go to that it's just
Marley you can go if you want though but
you're not gonna have fun I don't think
you've heard what I said I said the vet
hey my allergy dog like who me who me
this room doesn't have that toy there's
a toy like a puzzle and she figured that
but figured out the puzzle two times
before they dr graeme
they were blowing away this is really
really nice
there's no hospital I like it hey Riley
want a mouse
no like slowly going in to jam it in
there here it is Molly's got allergies
again how many months ago was that this
my because here to somewhere
so far she's allergic to her foot
sweet little marmots getting me out of
huge pressure matter gage and it looks
as though your plaid is allergic to her
fur you're happy to be at the bed no I
did smell the pig we farted oh gosh it
was a dog I swear Marley that's probably
why your smile so big right you just
walking the dogs right now Ally's
actually in the comments of the video
yesterday so if you got a comment reply
it was probably Allie since I am
currently outside right after that we
are going to the store and getting some
glitter because today is going to be the
last day of this beard
and this is the last day we decide what
the hell let's do a glitter beard I've
seen this probably for about a year and
a half now and I've never had enough of
a beard to actually will be able to
actually do this thing let's try it I'm
just mentally preparing myself judge me
say yellow car I'm never punched the
driver we are going to get some we
utilized camo car you do the double
yellow car we gotta do some glitter
right now I'd say that my life come on
babe stop some beans is a child let's
get some glitter we gotta get some cool
glitter I'm sorry I said the door on you
she deserves it sometimes somebody likes
the Dallas Cowboys yeah we get gold what
kind of glitter should we get well I get
like being silly no cuz I don't have to
be a holiday beard I wanted to get
glitter beard maybe things I think it
needs to be gold
don't they had the assortment ones do
they have the stripper one it's called
exotic dancer this is that thing that :
I gave on tour were made little spaceman
or whatever we colored you guys remember
that when we colored like something
either we use that app and it made it
like 3d or whatever that's us 40 what is
what is 40 isn't it supposed to be like
when you feel something yeah like I
thought 40 is like when you like feel it
like let's say four-dimensional movie
it's like well wind comes there's extra
fine glitter which sounds like a bad
idea stick better
I think glitter is just gonna stick
think with a cool super heat those pants
actually make you look like I have a big
butt you have a big butt now that's not
quite as OE it's Fourier there's Zoey
there's a Marlon Disick easel I'm sure
there's a pig somewhere out here which
by the way I forgot to tell you
Marley is out 25 pounds she lost a lot
of weight she's now not a pig she's no
longer pig
she's lean mean
so we've decided that we are not gonna
be doing this in the freaking house that
would be the dumbest thing in the world
and they know they know the glitter
beards coming we figured going outside
would be the best way to do this there's
20 20 feet of cable my neighbor back
there has been kind of cranky so they're
gonna love this oh they're gonna love us
yeah now it's that time as I promised
you earlier in this video gonna do it
time to glitter beard I've done no-shave
November every single year I think now
for the vlogs and I've just shaved it
off you know this just shaves off like
normal but this time you guys wanted me
to do something a little special so I'm
going to do the glitter beard once I had
the glitter beard I'm gonna have the
problem of getting rid of the glitter
beard so I partnered up with the people
at dollarshaveclub.com and they set up a
URL for you guys to get a $1 razor
that's all you got to get this thing
right here $1.00 razor free shipping
cancel anytime but a dollarshaveclub.com
CTFxC and you can choose any razor you
can cancel anytime I highly recommend it
so let's get into it it's gonna suck
well guys glitter beard for the only
problem now is ya glitter happy to see
ya glitter body looks so pretty honey
literally this has got to be one of the
stupidest things I've ever done
and I've done a lot of stupid things on
the Internet up to my eye now
glitter here yellows litter there you
got a little glitter there do a little
it looks so good right here beautiful
color groundout from doing this glitter
beard look at all the as far as that you
said do are we gonna get this out you
said that you wanted to do in the garage
that's the yeah but I feel like we could
at least select it out of the garage how
do I get this off now like honestly I'm
asking a serious question like how do
you get this off I couldn't tell ya like
this is gonna be forever it's like extra
we had to get extra fine pink glitter
yeah that was the only one that actually
had pink let's get a close-up of this
beard oh my god just so sparkly we're
denying if you went to a strip club
you've just been caught you're so pretty
though as has anyone walked like anybody
on the Internet
Donna glitter beard and actually went
somewhere cuz I feel like if I did a
glitter beard and went somewhere I would
just piss off the person that I'm at
like I was considering going to
Melissa's house so if I show my sister
my glitter beard but I feel like if I
walked in the door like all this glitter
would go in the freaking house and she'd
be so pissed off on top of our car
getting to the house an uber yeah I
think probably tell you you can over
there holy crap that'd be so fun
anything on my face ok that's good now
we have glitter everywhere no more oh
now we have glitter everywhere
it's gathered glitter oh my god I don't
know whose idea that I I know he's crazy
guys he is crazy
well only one thing to do now get rid of
it and up by the way I forgot to say if
you're a lady and you want to raise her
two it applies to you guys so
dollarshaveclub.com slash CTFxC link
down in the description $1 Razer free
shipping all right I'm gonna shave
okay so I couldn't completely shave it
off because Ally really liked to hear
that she won't let me shave off my beard
watch okay
cuz you're my beard I wish a black hole
what happens if other bearded man
wearing black surgeon glitter ever shave
it all off all of it she wants me to
keep it that's why I've kept it so long
I want to use the razors I think that
this trim up but I think I gotta get
like to a five o'clock shadow at least
because this is there's glitter all over
my face I don't know flying graciously
set to this
oh that
all right so then by 2016 beard cut on
top of my glitter beard 2016 I went all
out for freaking don't shave November
I'm going to freaking break my chin I
want to leave this okay so if we the
Kings ever turns into a new metal band
this is what I'm gonna have you do we
light it like staple all right what do
you think down filing right now is
creeping me out that look at my beard
come on I've been a new battle ban
granted okay so it's shaving and then I
realized that the restrictor wasn't on
and then that's crap I swear every
freaking time
you know it's your face whatever you
want no like honestly I was doing the
window you're not gonna have it the way
I want it makes me really a bride I'm
kidding I'm kidding but like honestly I
screwed up here and I was like oh wait I
have an idea
no no I was busy getting my buddy Pizza
knocked up okay I gotta fix my beard
Marc let the bodies hit the floor let
the bodies hit the floor let the bodies
hit the floor cover this
I tried to see if this would pass no go
all right
finishing touches there's some glitter
everywhere okay it looks like a cost
like 20 pounds
