good morning guys so today was it two
hundred thousand my sister knit two
hundred thousand subscribed all she
didn't do it today's a little while but
maybe a month ago and if you guys
remember for the past I want to say year
because I edited a video like a
flashback for the past year
she said if we get to two hundred
thousand we can pile on the face so
today is the day we get the pirate in
the face and I just realized when I was
walking out seven years ago this is the
same hoodie that I used the PI Shea in
the face it's kind of funny right
circles back around so I got all the
cameras we're gonna go do this we got to
get the PI stuff we're debating a real
pie but I don't really want to waste the
real pie because if pies are maybe if
you get a real pie and I'll eat it and
then we'll pie over like a whipped cream
pie that's a good idea
oh I get cherry pie cherry apple pie
what do you guys like more which one do
you like more this is a celebratory pie
that we're not gonna pie on the face
with yeah I think that one go big or go
home bed I just thought a little one
would be better than yeah I agree
alright we got two crusts we're getting
some chocolate syrup and got to top it
off with some sprinkle one of those
scary sprinkles I don't know get the
star ones
okay I get the heavy cream so you can
use it for your hot chocolate I don't
know cookie dough snack back you got all
the supplies so far also gonna get our
balloons that way we don't feel too bad
for throwing a pie in her face and the
funniest part is that poop-poop balloon
that we got my mom and from September
it's still alive they're two hundred
thousand doing this and one more zero
watch your step you might want to pick
those up honey yeah babe you might want
to pick that up you're gonna step on all
this stuff
alright so we got two hundred thousand
congratulations and an emoji face
ability crying this I wanted to get
something that said happy birthday or
something ridiculous or happy 60th
I am definitely the voice of reason plus
she still has that poop balloon from
your mom's birthday would you like that
red balloon oh my gosh you're so silly
we're packed I was craving Chuck what
movie is that Hot Fuzz right no no no no
it's a guy from us what movie is that uh
neighborhood watch where like if you
crave chocolate milk you're an alien and
I've always creative chuckles do you
like to talk about how many times did I
just say chocolate milk weird I like
more drinks in cooler days I'm the
complete opposite I don't understand why
I hate hot chocolate I hate hot coffee
below cold coffee loving warm cold is
this for me what do you guys think
hot or cold drinks comments below or
just click the I out there you can vote
there I love that little I've email your
team Charles de Molay I like when I want
something refreshing I want something
cold when I want anything else I want a
hot will get your heart come together
they did it again he knows me too well
yep that's why we're married Finster is
like the balloons one way to keep Finley
from jumping and there's a show on
balloons by the way that's what was
talking about poop balloon is still
there where do you want to do it we have
to do 200,000 somewhere then I'm gonna
get the balloons on you is like nope
nope
peace out i'm peacing out man yeah
that's right good idea
there will be so many balloons in this
house I think families mind is going to
explode I mean for my sister to get
200,000 subscribers that's an amazing
feat that's about normal now the green
and the yellow I mean the blue might
need to come down a little bit well yeah
200,000 for my little sister that's
that's something to be proud of that's
awesome the blue is the highest blue or
perfection
they were good one of the most annoying
things is a simple thing that's so
annoying but it's trying to find the
edge of tape especially that clear like
scotch tape or backing tape like I can I
can hear it but I can't find it I need
your fingernails oh yeah so we got
everyone involved right now I think
Meg's didn't come over to I'm gonna call
her real fast here's the thing we're
trying to be as cautious as possible got
a camera up here we got Finley down here
we're trying to have to ruin anything so
we're just kind of cleaning up a little
bit and the idea was do it from inside
the house so that way if we're on the
outside last week you know the last time
we scare her and do all that other stuff
we're on the outside and we pyar the
pies wouldn't come in the house but if
we're in the house it's gonna go outside
and then this guy down here can help
clean up we shoulda brought Marley
Marley feed all of it open up
you have to test out the whipped cream
before we put it in a pie so good it's
so good I know you got all the cameras
set up I have my iPhone hanging out
there I got my iPhone ready to I can't
really see it but it's underneath
Melissa's car it's recording I don't
know yeah I was recording too crap so I
got it remotely on my watch like an
Inspector Gadget over here so we got
like one two fun
good for you you have pelisses over here
this one right here that I'm using for
and then that one the iPhone this is
gonna be awesome
was this shoe so screwed yes she is this
is for when you guys hide me in the face
number I was onstage
oh yeah I remember
that story took to save time I don't
know what I'm saying I'll just like just
come out here already I'm talking about
some burning Hanna what are you doing
Finn what are you doing
you're not supposed to be up there I'm
talking to you yeah
so obviously you guys know that Melissa
hit 200,000 subscribers and one thing
that I guess Charles in her agreed on
was that once that happened and if that
happened that she was gonna get pied in
the face by him her dreams kind of
coming true today so right now what
we're doing is we're trying to get the
whole house set up we have worked
something out with her boyfriend and Meg
and Charles and myself a little mr.
Fendley down here she has no it to get
back no the good thing is that they're
cleaning up their house day so we're
gonna try and keep her house as clean as
possible and we're late stuff down all
on the floor and we're gonna try to keep
the pike outside but any awesome oh by
the way go subscribe this is something I
learned in the past if you don't make
sure this is all pushed down it's just
gonna go like sharp thing right into
your face that way we don't pull myself
in the face so that way we don't cut my
sister in the face man is friendly
attacking Ally all right cool yeah we're
in her house bye
oh it's still recording so Meg's on her
way as you pie heard I think she's
surprised that we're gonna be in the
house too got to make sure that we get a
good angle that's the only thing that's
like that's the proof hashtag truth I'm
just so afraid of cutting her face yeah
we're just taping everything down got it
if I didn't face them the next thing you
know you see like blood pouring through
the yeah exactly
and Finn has tape on his but I don't
want to be like a Vittorio's occasion
and we're going to the hospital because
you use really sharp edges and then we
have the balloons over there and then we
have balloons over here by the way I
have you on a tripod that's why
everything looks so freakin smooth it's
not because he's awesome it's because I
am awesome
yep so of course you know we gotta be
real super fancy with our pies we got
some sprinkles and some chocolate chef
Mike you did a great job great great job
it's that education there you go
tastes good hey you you look beautiful
thanks guys but you're going to hate you
wanna kiss the glass the rest of the
night thank you for the help Meg he said
are you cool I'm gonna need blowing my
nose and there's
like chocolate sprinkles no there was
only two pies there - congratulations on
200,000 us which get cleanup Patrol wait
no Finn you're focusing on the wrong
thing this is easy this is the stuff we
need you to focus on pal
today's video sponsored by Bed Bath and
Beyond just gonna get a close-up on the
back of your hair yeah you lookin nice I
bet you were looking for something like
this today on your Saturday of cleaning
and painting so nice your mom's the best
that was a success I have no idea I
don't think you fell so I smell awful
right now this honestly reminds me of
almost every time I've been pied there's
not even pied it's whipped cream but I
guess Crandell yeah that's my wife just
like last time I'm gonna pay attention
cuz apparently there's been coyotes
around the neighborhood so I have to
make sure Alexa turn backyard lights on
there we go I was gonna look like an
idiot
it's been good that we had those lights
on because then we could pay attention
but apparently there's been coyotes in
the area go bathroom guys I just took
over a walk till if I have to do nothing
yeah I smell right now like baby puke
just like last time I said like it's
just in my beard right now so I feel
like I have to shave my beard follow my
clothes here's the funniest part though
come on guys if you looked at the camera
he's probably wonder why she stood like
right there just kind of looking 100%
was not staged what ended up happening
is cuz we had all those balloons I don't
think we had a good shot of it baby well
wouldn't let's open the door she saw the
balloons so she was like doing that kind
of thing sushi what she said is that she
thought that she missed like somebody's
birthday or birthday party so she was
super
and I didn't know what was going on
myself that's why I was peeking around
the corner
but I feel like I got a nice shot right
in the center and then Meg came around
and got her as well
but it was definitely not 100% staged
it's just my sisters like me we're both
kind of for a little bit ditzy
she was so taken back but I think we did
a great job I think we did it to
celebrate that for her and I think we
did a good job I am very proud of us
right now I'm going to eat my own horn
yeah nobody I know I smell really bad I
need to go take a shower really quick
and just burn these clothes
well guys today was awesome we finally
got my sister with a pie anyway before I
go I just want to say thank you to a
couple of the CTFxC oh sorry mom
this keeps going under there a couple of
the CTFxC plus patrons first one is
michael kemp skyla Fairhurst Ynez Craig
Emily Matsumoto Ryan Yingling Vicki
Picard
Cory priest and of course Elizabeth
Butler
Larry Alfre and Luke Drake so thank you
guys for being a part of the CTFxC
patron and thank you guys for watching
today's video
don't forget to subscribe and thumbs up
for my sister doing what she did I think
it's an amazing accomplishment I know
you guys helped so we will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a good night bye
guys
