that's all my life it's like forever to
do too
I'm back with my crazy crazy sister who
is probably the ultimate dancer and you
guys did not see that yesterday there's
a lot of new people to the vlog so first
off welcome we're so excited that you're
here everybody that's been here since
the beginning of course we love you
thank you guys for tuning it today but
for those of you who do not know this is
actually my younger sister Caitlin yes
and the man that you saw last night was
Tom who is her husband they are probably
the best dancers out there we're gonna
make sure that we get everybody up to
you do not worry about that we are gonna
get everybody updated with who is who
within the vlog so that you guys will
know who to call an idiot refer to them
by name I know I keep talking about it
but bachelorette party is coming up you
didn't want it to be a situation where
we were going out for breakfast lunch
and dinner every single day so we were
trying to devise a good grocery list and
a meal plan so that when we're there
we're not spending a ton of money so
we're gonna make some yummy yummy dishes
while we're there if you guys have any
recommendations of either like oh this
one is kukuda this is CUDA this is
Kayla's cat CUDA and then that one over
there she's a little girl reader that's
Miko this was the one from the other day
that was really excited about the drone
flying in the house which is so weird
it's like terrified of everyone and
everything so it didn't make sense
whatsoever but anyways if you guys do
have any recommendations for like
awesome like breakfast casseroles or
something that can feed a good amount of
people or good restaurants or good
restaurants are gonna come here
oh yeah go ahead yeah you're doing the
right thing by leaving
Thomas eating dinner the other day other
people and I was like I can't even sit
with you because literally Mako came and
got on the table just sat there like see
me what are you supposed to be up there
cute but you're not that cute
talking to you Charles all right so we
got Finley a nice little present and if
we got that dog oh I just realized that
we have no design her own dog toys
broken camera a Wi-Fi signal and a piece
of pizza
Hilary and I didn't realize they don't
have any of those sort of stuff so we
had to order some have to get we had to
order our own product and we got
something for family now too
exactly and then because I think either
Zoey or diesel ate himself
no that was Zoey Zoey there's a hundred
reasons Oh II oh my god I forgot about
these are so cute they're so soft
they're my favorite thing in the world
every needs no one you saw Mike yeah I
bring these on tour I I really forgot
how soft they were diesel that is not
for you no however do you can have one
of these buddy feel so fancy the fact
that it says I know it's cool it's
actually really really cool but they
were supervised play only supervised I
also talked to dftba and what we decided
to do Ali and I were talking we are
going to do a bundle of the new hoodies
and the beanies so basically you buy a
hoodie and you get a beating for like
five bucks I think that's what we're
doing right now so if you go to CTFxC
merch calm you'll see all that stuff and
this but honestly I think these are
going to be so cute to give to family
because he's getting into that point of
understanding like what a toy is and
yeah what's not what is something that
you can chew on and what is something
that you cannot chew on and he's really
loving toys I think it's really really
cute Audrey which one you want buddy you
got first dibs that never happens okay
one more time three okay which one do
you want
I did not expect that one nope he's
gonna want to grab the other one too
nope you want the camera yeah they have
squeaking on them
yep it's the camera that's the specific
reason why we designed threes because we
have you want this one you want so which
one are you gonna get girl Pizza Wi-Fi
it's a really tough decision I get it
Pizza sad news I went to go grab my
camera I almost just fell over right
there and if you are just brand new to
our videos this happens a lot to me I'm
sure everyone in the comments can
explain how many cameras vlogging
through eight almost nine years has
created pretty much a graveyard of
cameras I can't even keep count how many
cameras how many cameras do you think
we've gone through and you what's really
funny okay look at this I'm going to
show you that I'm gonna go to graph them
really fast this one I didn't do I
thought - probably 50 but Ally did one
Louis that one's broken I didn't do this
one I finally did to say I didn't
actually break one camera it's getting
to that point where we need to start
really narrowing down what we're getting
everyone for Christmas right now and
Charles is at Best Buy and he has a few
people in mind for different gifts that
are at Best Buy and so he's then texting
me back and forth non-stop trying to
figure out what to get someone if you
should should I wait you know what I'm
gonna wait no wait I'm gonna get it
constant back and forth text and there's
another one and it's kind of driving me
crazy but I'm also trying to find a
hotel for Charles and I am for like the
night of our wedding because we are
gonna have some guests that are gonna
stay at our house during the wedding and
kind of be by ourselves and have like a
mini honeymoon a lot of you might not
know that
but Charles is going to be on tour up
until about two days before we get
married then he leaves two days after we
get married to go back onto tour so
we're not actually having a honeymoon
until he gets back from tour which i
think is gonna be like a mud two months
after the wedding right now I was trying
to figure out our honeymoon trying to
figure out a hotel or than a wedding
trying to pick our Christmas gifts yeah
that's it I was gonna go with four but
three is it breathing the last time I
want to get a lead coffee I spilled all
over myself but I took your suggestions
and got that little topper thing and
that's the only thing of coffee that
spilled and didn't spill on me this time
sup dawg alright look at I learned put a
topper on it
anyways look at this because they don't
have they don't have the floors anymore
so they gave me the five that's crazy
alright ready 3 2 1 go really that's
that's that's it some I like that that's
what you wanted to see you can't we
should have wait until nighttime I will
tell you what though no wonder there is
never one creature in this I was just
gonna say that was the most terrifying
thing you can find like leaves I
remember as a kid the kid I ran into one
of these ones they hurt so bad it's not
even funny one chunk right into my
finger and I'm like you've got to be
kidding me
I am so artsy you're so cool it won't
stop moving though cuz so damn windy
today what are you doing nipples
oh you you're not that you're just
pleasantly plump I think you're real
cute I don't want to play with you is
that your new camera do you break that
one give me the cam sir sit your butt
down sit down
man you can't catch it that's okay I'll
give you an a-plus for trying yeah where
I don't see it these road ones are just
like feathers their teeth can you see it
in the distance it's a baby look at your
bear bear you're so you're weird
SIGG's amazing tell me I could do any
place I don't know if you guys saw
yesterday's video we try to do this with
that was it mouthguard whatever yeah and
it's a camera look it's got like a
little little shudder
what you know what this reminds me this
reminds me of a video that she and I
made probably seven or eight years ago
call basically we can't look cool where
you blow bubbles like for example watch
my face I'm not looking cool at all
you can't look cool
what'd I tell you what was that what did
I tell you oh there every day of the
boats these are really good bubble all
right
I found her Marla you don't like the
bubbles on my eye that's all from one
little blow the getting a blowing bed
he's Jason oh so he's just you're so
sweet
excuse me eating out
what did you love that dinner didn't get
you so excited Joey
Ali made some special food with some
sodium free like vegetable stock or
broth broth and then some like cooked
carrots and I added it to their food and
she just did like this happy dance but
you guys may or may not know about us is
that we are crazy animal people
especially when it comes to our dogs I
always like to try and do come on my
mark it up girl I always like to try and
do like a little something different for
them for dinner time every once in a
while just because I'm sure you need dog
food gets really old my mom told me that
sometimes to make my family dog Lola eat
is she will add a little sodium free
chicken stock or vegetable stock broth
if you will to her food and I like heat
it up a little bit and it's kind of like
they're getting this like awesome you
know stew that's in their food so that's
Lloyd it tonight and they love it love
it love it love it love it
see he's like licking his bowl clean
sometimes I think did I feed them better
than I feed myself and Charles hey no
Marty you don't want your mark up okay
you did up whatever is left in there
honey tip over I'm gonna kill
you I got you wait hold on
seriously throw up you
as every year pretty much mission
impossible hanging up Christmas lights
see we got this last time and I think
it's gonna help us
I feel like Christmas light like putting
on Christmas lights or when more people
get hurt then probably any other time of
the year all right so we're gonna put
this up well the good news is the lights
work that I used to always have that
issue what I used to do with my parents
house and there's like hops going around
today is that I would always like string
them up perfectly but then I would plug
them in the tests they'd all be broken
so far getting it I remember there was
that giant little like gaps I would have
I found the UH that's on the pole thing
that way I don't have to keep getting on
this thing and potentially killing
myself so all I got to do is just use
this thing and pop it up there
inventions
Holly inventions I feel like that's what
you got to do is create like some sort
of holiday invention and then you'd be
set for life see we just go like this
and we just make sure it's nice and snug
oh I think I'll be able to do this much
easier with two four hands I should say
another one there though Santa will
definitely find this house isn't that
wide Christmas lights started those
Danika find houses apparently though
Santa can't find a house with Christmas
lights but he can fly around the world
for finding houses not hey not that is
every fly around with reindeer locating
a house nope you can't do that you can
go down chimneys all that stuff but you
can't find your house
perfect beautiful naturally we get to
the very top and our little trusty stick
breaks wait do you need one oh let's do
the plan
