good morning guys still got a cold just
walking the dogs right now I think we
were going to do a little fun challenge
today we've actually had this mouthguard
challenge for a while and you guys have
been giving us suggestions of what to do
for it think today's the day we're gonna
do that okay this is weird this was a
pair of sunglasses in the middle of the
street this feels like you don't want
one of those like tricks you don't want
it so we push down I guess I should take
them pick them up and put them over the
side holy shit these are actual arabian
sunglasses these aren't cheap why would
they be sitting like that that literally
feels like a prank right there I feel
like somebody's like thinking right now
I'm gonna do I'm gonna just put them
away here that way they don't get run
over but that at the same time so we
dropped them they least see them I think
that's one of the most expensive things
that I've ever found that randomly like
that I remember vividly another thing
when I was a kid I was at the dollar
store with my mom and I found a $20 bill
at the dollar store as a kid you were
rich and I used that to buy the Vanilla
Ice Ninja Turtles
rap on VHS remember the whole go ninja
go ninja go they had a single like music
video on VHS at a dollar store so I used
that $20 that I had nineteen dollars
minus some tax and I remember still it's
day that's one of the most vivid like
memories I have as a kid all I know is
as a kid if you find money like that at
a dollar store it's like a million
dollars anywhere else sorry I still got
this nipple stupid cold keeps coming
back can't get rid of this stupid thing
yeah like I said I'm gonna go to the
store right now and get some like little
objects that we could play this mouth
card game I've asked you guys on our
Facebook group what we should kind of
try to do with these things like I said
we're trying to do so I need you guys to
keep on top of us for this every Sunday
we're gonna try to do like a like a game
or a challenge on Sunday well it's
called the Sunday challenge and that way
it'll be kind of like an easier day
that's so much easier it could be a day
where we just have where Ali and I could
have just more time to each other
because we've been doing these things
since we met and we haven't really had
time to just have a day to just like
kind of relax what you doing that's
always so weird thought though you can't
do that yeah
showers just under here and basically we
have these few things that are asked and
yet the answer is that kind of things
like this I feel like I can do this okay
I know you guys can understand him you
like it barely understand us but what
we're doing is they're playing the watch
your math challenge so basically what it
is is you wear one of these strange
contraptions
pick a card okay and then you have to
say what's on the card and then your
opponent has to guess what you're saying
yeah which I have a really strong
feeling that I'm going to feel Epictetus
and to make it more fun what we're doing
is we're going to splice in different
things like blowing bubbles by the way
like our little bubble machine it looks
like a camera and comes the train we got
to drink some water
play oh my god crackers and peanut
butter am i doing it right so he's going
yep you get this car goes down okay yeah
hey Rock Scissors shoot all right I won
okay which means all right I'll go first
yeah and you have to guess it okay okay
don't look at this game
all right guys okay this is it hello it
says that I fell in love that's good all
right come on
tisha ian huen Barry tisha human brain
tissues yeah yeah so the driver started
the engine the driver side of the engine
how come I can do it so easily we're
doing something wrong this is so easy
I'm like yeah you're like we're doing
something wrong here mate does this mean
that I have to get no that's how you do
it or if I just have a smaller one how
much has following so just to see if
that one works
corner ocean current no sit again Turner
of in tournament tournament no open
Connor
guy
say it again uh-huh Turner I pass do
next you're gonna get that one yeah pass
hurry up hurry up
I'm third higher and card I have no idea
onions and carrots I have no idea yes I
feel like an idiot but I have no idea
what you're saying incurred I have no
idea hurry up Nixon excellent excellent
okay look god fire car-duck calm I am
NOT so this is the open tournament open
it sounded like you said it ocean
currents and then a murder and great
that sounded nothing like what you said
I said a murder inquiry no tonight is
until you Bible book club didn't sound
like that either
I heard club but that's about it that's
Canadians okay close your eyes wait hold
on where's that little thingy is it does
it done
I need that proper I need a proper time
guys now look down
okay the shower RLE dusty the silverware
are really dusty the shelter are really
dusty the shelves are really dusty close
the show her are really dusty the
shelter are really dusty I don't know I
can't do it play a firework play yeah
what that is make sense sense of humor
sense of feel sense of humor rather wine
red wine tickets for the concert
look tickets for the concert funny
monkey funny monkey
oh no I'm killing it I guess you are
killing it I'm killing it I'm I'm
killing okay so far I'm kicking your
butt no I'm doing really well oh okay so
I'm losing bad now I guess or actually
you're probably playing I don't really
know who knows who knows they're good
tip yeah there's a drink and all their
their their hair their hair their here's
a drink um oh ah Eric to drink milk
there to drink milk
they're here did you
err err
open your mouth more I'm Nydia yeah
there to drink milk
no there did you yeah beer to drink yeah
huh that's good have a wipe it's girls
have a screw loose
yes Oh mmm
rifle cartridges surfing leaves high
school no hostess in note playful heart
mrs. surfing high school
no you're done scientific inquiry
scientific inquiry I have a running nose
I have a runny nose I have a runny nose
I have a running nose hot snake some of
these are so easy
Marik classes guide dogs wear glasses I
got I die dogs stupid clogging of the
toilet
talking of the toilet and you're gonna
get that I wonder if it's like these
need to be like really strong it's not
like all right it's got a good I can't
like that hires Tom I'll know again Gus
yeah add that are doing the end of the
beginning
Oh the end of the beginning the end of a
dream yes universe our toxin universe
attracts yes a positive attitude a
positive attitude sweet as honey sweet
as honey yeah man era these kids I asked
our air leakage of Alaska after last
fall huh ask astronauts laughter ask
girl that's the call now
ha ha ha Rosco Rosco Rosco Rosco Rosco
drought after laughter all that's gone
laughs stop basketball C not basketball
nobody goes like oh he's faking
literally says basketball I wonder if
there's a typo or that's real I don't
know that one maybe feel stupid at
basketball Baskar ball which a pleasant
stay wish a pleasant stay yeah orange
juice concentrate orange juice
concentrate dagger dagger II gag gagg me
is it gonna gag me seriously
you make me headache
you make me headache I'm gonna flirt as
a fan smart as a sand sir isn't Sam
smart as a stand not as a snail business
and smart businessman male or Kutner D
no heart cut no sport continuity no
Clark cut new DB DB mm-hmm for those of
you who are wondering when I was saying
no fork cup new D so I'm starting to
think that these are have no rhyme or
reason to their sings
yeah there's no way these make sense and
then I also did say one that says gag me
what's what are we at right now I don't
know I think you threw some light over
to you nobody said I got right you're
kicking my butt like that's all I have
I don't know how this works okay all
right I know none good this unannounced
I'm undone goodness unknown goodness yes
air leakage of air leakage of basketball
uh-huh area kids ha air leakage of the
doll mm ball
bow low ball yeah a wedding ring yeah
jonno versus death police jungle versus
the police
John no jumble jello general za o gentle
general jumble em dumb jungle duh
drumroll John Doe gentle jello jumbo
yeah grave is the judge yeah you really
taking Danny like I think it's that you
tried like make it into a logical the
guillotine yeah sentence but none of it
makes sense a lot of things are just
random words what's really interested
you really take for granted your lips
the way your lips move like how this
work is insane and I feel like you've
got bigger ones of these it'd be even
worse yup don't forget this guy and you
guys understood that than I applaud you
surf guard we're gonna head out we
really hope that you enjoyed this Sunday
Funday I think that's what we call good
that's like one of the hardest things
I've ever had to do in our entire life
I have no words all right guys if you
liked today's video please don't forget
to hit the like button and if you are
brand-new first off well come make sure
that you do get that subscribe button
alright guys I'll see you later bye
there's such a meth dogs
alright guys we'll see you later
