good morning internet how I'm alive to
say or have no idea first off I just
want to say welcome to all the new
subscribers that came over from the
Roman soldiers just want to say hi and
welcome to the videos today I spent
about an hour hour and a half reply
entombed reading comments as I possibly
could and yesterday's video it's been
kind of fun to like reply back a little
bit more it takes a lot of time but to
me it's completely worth it because you
guys are what makes all this happen so
being able to talk with you guys a
little bit more like actually replying
back versus me to speaking to you guys
on the camera it's actually kind of nice
it's little bit more rewarding to me too
because there's actually something
watching the video versus just you see
numbers and stuff like that you actually
get to see some reaction comments and
people actually having a potion so let
me just let catch you guys up for anyone
coming over really quickly um all the
guys watching the videos now you guys
already know this so we're just trying
to welcome everybody and build like I
know I'm taking what I'm taking it I've
had two brain surgeries like you're
probably saw in Romans video and how to
root tumor removed actually if you watch
the video you can see my brain actually
open and getting the tumor actually
removed out of my skull gonna follow
yeah really just click win was wrong I
actually get a phone call from one of
the head and people at YouTube they're
like I can't believe this it's pretty
gnarly but as a result of those things
I've had seizures like walls on tours
when I found out about the whole
situation so long story short i've been
on this medication and they've been
trying to wean me off of something
that's actually kind of bad for me so as
a result i just want to show you i'm at
an all-time high of 10 pills at once so
this is my daily dose right now dilantin
vimpat lexapro I can't remember the name
of that one this is a new one that's
that's my lunch right now it sucks so
freaking bad too I gotcha i'm taking it
i have to have that going on my phone
forget I pretty much could they have a
bad memory that's why it's film every
single day yeah I'm over exaggerating I
don't that terrible of memory but I have
a Batman as a result of I'm pretty good
at this tempo not exactly the coolest
trick but it's a trick nonetheless
because I know when Ali takes a pill she
takes one she's pretty much like ooh
like a lot of people they can take I
already said I took it you guys want to
come are you gonna be good so I'm
looking at you mom are you don't want to
go now let's go here's the thing though
this is not going to be nearly as cool
as those carts that we used yesterday
for sure things are so awesome now i
just have to convince ali that we can
get a couple of those things there's so
fun I just know I hurt myself come on I
wrote what's up except you mark all
right let's go guys hey you gotta move
bud are you doing you moron there we go
you're not really a moron I think you
guys I think we the kings is finally
announced that we're going on tour I
know I've been leaking that with you
guys for a point a long time but the
tour dates are actually gonna be
announced quite soon I think a lot of
you guys are actually really really
really happy about it and also i think
they announced that we did announce that
we're going to be in the UK we're gonna
be doing a slam dunk festival of what
else are we doing and we're going to be
doing the 10-year anniversary tour and
then on the hometown show and know a lot
of you guys been asked by the hometown
show but the hometown show is december
27 so if you guys want to go december 27
if the free shows our hometown show
their 10th hometown show so just mark
down your calendars right now hometown
show free hometown show December 27 and
then the rest of the toy nades way now
it's very very soon I don't even know
about sorcery telling you
so don't tell anyone I just wanted I
wonder fucked you guys knows you have a
super heads up I think the slam dunk
festival is already been told yellow car
yellow car and play that along yellow
car oh yes we're looking for actually I
think I'm getting onto the whole back
they do you have
look so these little Punk's start to
figure it out starbucks pharmacy and
sometimes the bank gives them treats I
think that's why they started dating
hello everyone still smiling it was like
when we first moved into this
neighborhood some people didn't
understand the fact that i was driving
our golf cart with like three dogs and
now i think people have been noticing
that i'm the same dude that does it and
now they're actually kind of welcoming
and smiling now your people were so
grumpy at first you guys know so i just
got back from some i can't shoot I can't
talk with those things in I try but I
just can't it's braces so that makes you
a little straighter because I have some
crazy teen teeth I'm gonna go for your
run and you'll find Charles and the dogs
cuz they are not home so cuz tonight
we're gonna go see pops her play k now
i'm done talking some behind him you can
take that dog you had the blonde one but
i want the white one back the fucks on
your face hi and you have no broad feel
right your boobs are gonna small to be
covered I worried well you know what
they're still there what is under your
face what's on your wrist it's like a
coffee scrub because I'm getting old cuz
you're putting coffee on your face sits
like a copy and avocado hey hey hey
that's like I can't pinpoint its coffee
bean to numb nut it's not though it's
like what stop booing me I just want to
smell it
boo see sucks that's what smiley face I
really do I smell wow this why we're a
beard okay Calcutta bro can I just smell
your face happens knowing my face is
awkward it is it no can't like my basis
its little purpose okay elevator no it's
not I don't I mean it might be edible
here I can't tell if it's good or not
thank you twit you get someone who knows
oh it allocates the coffee well there
because there call me round is that
weird that now I get your child i prayed
to God that one day you understand the
words that are coming out about you know
it kind of looks like you just have poop
on your face all right it's like Marley
rolling poop yes I did is I took my full
face and I rub the rain to poop I was
like hey guess what wonder girls do some
dirty shit over there I'm gonna go take
my face and go like I'm gonna motorboat
the ground what about the ground poop
you realistically cuz I'm sure the
internet is confused what is that
supposed to do so it's supposed to help
with like fine lines and just supposed
to keep my facebook shirts cuz my face
was like really really dry okay I
counter how is it supposed to do that
the ingredients have like these it's not
like an idiot but like healing effects
see I understand i've seen cucumbers
there's like healing qualities in it so
like I coffee I figured what they said
coffee is like more like awakening and I
don't know if it draws anything out
everyone but destroyed me crazy get a
little something on your face no please
don't wipe it off please I you know what
it starts being a girl sometimes because
you have to always do shit to yourself
to make yourself look good in and it
doesn't always look good in the process
like look at my hair does it look like
I'm having a good time here and copy got
my teeth are straightening for the way
this is all for the wedding I just want
everyone to know I'm telling good for
you and what are you doing I think
nothing so see the thing is that look
beautiful you I look beautiful I have to
say you look beautiful
I just think I'm a mess and you put your
DS out this is real life people please I
don't wanna make me films a jewel and
I'm literally time god I wish I came
here bed I didn't do anything oh you
look so beautiful no one says I look
beautiful Thank You Melissa so since I
got a new computer oh that's awesome or
they're doing the real life major me
that's awesome we're gonna go watch my
dad play right now I got a beautiful dad
since I got a new computer I gave my dad
my old one which isn't even an old one
and we gave Ali's mom her old one which
was really an old one I know what could
I try to actually gonna prolly well it's
cuz i tried using my dad's computer the
other day which was my macbook pro 2012
one that i gave him as well it still has
sold is the one I had the optical drive
and I try to use it and I couldn't get
anything to work so I was like well it's
time to upgrade you and I got my mom a
year or two ago like one of the nice I
max so family right now is set that we
got you one yeah so and then Ali's got a
nice 1i got a nice what we are since I
think we have way too much technology we
do kind of technology we like how we're
not sponsored by apple blows with mine
I know I wouldn't think anybody is you'd
only do they what kind of technology
we'd Sun to melt the crazy card no oh
god I you know what we want it was a
blast I think we need to get crazy card
crazy scary and you know what's funny
look so good at ricoh 12 miles miles an
hour Taylor and Adam were killing it
Melissa I think your Java black she's
good at that stuff like go-karts she was
kidding drift there's zero brakes yeah
you know that Charlie and I used to have
cooker and he would purposely shut it
off so I could get tried it yeah who's
kill it the switch he's nice but thank
you very much thing that I could do it
like I did it because I loved watching
you try to turn it back on that's near
voice yeah I don't know what's going on
with my my my throat again sick it's
like cuz you sound like you're Minnie
Mouse go through puberty I know I blame
you what bleep you and Charlie and my
mom oh I think I know what it was bored
oh I think it was probably from the
yellow card concert hey from screaming
so loud two times in a row yeah I know I
was a death mode after that is a week
ago doesn't matter do sometimes takes
awhile for life to catch up to you
oh it's deep I know right can we got
that on the mug
the best words like with the lights like
my dad oh yeah try that you have like a
full head of hair and it looks like we
don't forget about it I'm just
so cool that everybody is my sister
where's the pearl you may take the
pearls so you don't
I'm good right
let's never come dinner with these two
I'm so beat yes sir well she was real
this is real
on that note I'm gonna say goodnight I'm
actually kind of feeling crappy you know
that cold that I had I pass it Ali and
it seems like she passed it back to me
and it doesn't help that the weather in
Florida is all over the place right now
so I'm gonna go get some sleep hope you
enjoy today's video and I will see you
as well as over by
