this is the new thing that we're gonna
try to do Roman was trying to say so
what are they exactly a new thing give
me a new thing you got the scooter
everyone's gonna do this bikes did
people still ride rollerblades remember
then that was alright you go to the
bathroom
just keep walking ma'am she thinks she's
being sneaky catch it take a little
snake little play snake continuing with
our new little thing that we're trying
to do in the comments when we upload the
video right away for like 30 minutes
after we upload the video we're trying
to reply to as many comments as possible
I'm in the car and I'm still doing it so
remember guys when you watch the video
make sure to leave a comment so that way
Ali and myself can actually respond back
because that's gonna be our new thing we
want to try to have a little like forum
in the comments type of thing and I'll
respond to you telepathically
she's got powers do you ever like smell
fast-food and just like really want it
do you really want fast food right now
I don't but like the smell makes me want
it okay I'm taking care of the pups
while we go out we're actually gonna go
hang out with Roman right now for a day
he actually asked because we're gonna go
to some skate park I guess and we're
gonna do something I don't know what
we're gonna do but we've been dealing
with traffic the entire time as you guys
have two hours of traffic and you know
how far away Orlando is an hour and a
half yeah that's late maybe an hour 45
minutes it's gonna take us approximately
three hours to get there
the only thing that sucks is Brittany's
out there and so that just means that uh
and what she actually was telling Roma
that he's not allowed to see us if she's
not here so we have to go back up there
now I think and go hang out with them
every time we try to go there I was like
I was on tour so like hopefully the
dress two days like at night and then I
had the dress in the next day so
Sark's like I didn't have any time to go
see them which I totally would have that
just means we got to go hang out with
him pretty soon I dropped the GoPro
while we're talking and it was connected
to my iPhone so it's the only way I'm
able to find it kay it looks like it's
what's on the side it's somewhere out
here
I think I'm sitting on it yeah I'm
sitting on it
this Drive kind of reminds me out you
guys remember a long time I was a
2010-2011 I got invited to go see the
final space shuttle launch back in Cape
Canaveral and I had to go back and forth
back and forth like four times five
times in one week because it kept
getting scrubbed but once it finally
actually went off it was the most
awe-inspiring thing I've ever got to see
I actually I teared up when I actually
happened
I promise they'll just go watch that
video the power and just the thought of
watching people get thrown up into the
sky into space is why look I get
goosebumps every time I think about it I
don't I just I'm getting like kind of
like kind of flashbacks out doing this
drive excuse me ma'am
I said no no ma'am
we're here with Roman and we're at a
skate park out in Daytona I'm gonna say
it's a tunnel we kept driving for hours
and hours and hours and ended up here
I think it's Daytona we're like oh we're
coming to Orlando no we eventually found
our way so we're all the way out of the
skate park look what you found
first off the mouthful of Cheetos
I just noticed this or they say ma'am
what go is the same pants look at that
hmm hmm oh yeah I'll edit that out to
make them look like cooler I think
you're cheating I'm sorry you think
you're cheating he's cheating his name
now I call cheating I call trading I
call cheating
so you do a back flip we're gonna do
this triples where's all the
skateboarders really yeah you know we
think we hit a time where scooters
surpassed skateboarding skating for the
record and they're really good at it
weren't so hard it is hard I tried for
years I'm terrible terrible I think I'd
be worse do you have like indentations
through your like oh yes and it's his
frame he's got his own frame line
yeah these are healthy but these go
check that put in the overhead sorry I
got really really really distracted
don't think I could go up and down these
things well being scared up these
scooters are blowing my mind I can
barely like drive scooter
you see that you can't really yeah you
won't it's just what you need right now
come with ankle guards dude I gotta call
my insurance agent real quick oh come on
Roman make sure you're all situated
diving situated what do I know right
there we go skateboarder it's easy to
kind of keep all the Beatle feel
comfortable with it right that's a good
point yeah with the bike you kind of
have a lot of equipment yeah that's very
true so I have problems walking let
alone flying and walking I'm not leaving
here in Thailand the 360 all right when
the park closes we'll still be here but
the main thing is 360 that people forget
is to turn their head if people do 180
and then they'll stop turning their head
keep your head turn the whole time
that's the most important thing so now
you guys can go home and try all this
confidence you feel dude yeah you're
pretty close
don't worry no one's looking no one's
looking oh I can't even comprehend what
these kids are doing right now
what's going on this thing this walking
is literally walking I was slipped going
down that beautiful it was just
beautiful and I use gorgeous hey slide
down that could be a cool trick this is
the new thing that we're gonna try to do
Roman was trying to say so one of the
things that's gonna be a new thing it's
gonna be a new thing you got the scooter
everyone who this bikes did people still
ride rollerblades remember when that was
all right you go to the bathroom you
just keep walking man new trend
it's crazy cars these are the gas no
they're just battery that is like
electric oh yeah yes and we're gonna try
to put these things in here we're
definitely putting them in this is
Romans idea this is definitely
he calls me he's like hey you want to
hang out and look now sure what do you
want to do
he's like go-kart golf carts go-karts
whatever yeah I have a gold golf cart
you thought I said go cards yeah crazy
cards yeah I don't know if I thought it
was a is it not like the same thing as a
golf go-kart I guess it's similar but
they they spin okay like normally you
would ride that like on the ground go to
the skate park so you you're not driving
a go-kart kinda I were just gonna hold
on these guys might be the craziest
people that I've ever met in my entire
life or at least pretty far up on that
list you really oh god you're nuts
it's not gonna go that fast I'm not
gonna even look down no it'll probably
slow it yeah
wait there's no break yes safety first
but that means no brakes so safety but
no brakes right who needs brakes see
buddy no runnin we just had this
discussion it's like riding a teacup and
a go-kart
and all you're right it almost did Javon
is hanging off today and he's been fried
in lava scooters and the bikes are you
gonna do this
why not these boys on the other hand I'm
not so sure I'll probably write a
go-kart you will all right
oh that's our curse
beep it's a chart crashing up to it you
have so much like open area and you
crash into the two people say anyway Oh
God
oh no they don't not taken to the
hospital it's really looking like if I
get our faces
what does that do is that because what
it does is it prevents you from like
because those wheels don't want to go
backwards and back so when you pull it
it allows them to go backwards oh that
is yeah so that like you'll just feel
way more fluid now turn the arrow
backward the gap there you go yeah Jesus
Chuck it's harder than you think
I can tell
Oh God I give up
so everybody moved over to the free
skate area because it's a little bit
safer than what the cool wise because
fools not safe
everyone was petrified but still they
did a killer job I was drive one of
these up to you charge in every hour
like the Tesla stations take you 300
days to do a flight to turn around
coming back home I do that I spend I
can't cover and no brakes no brakes
imagine how difficult it must have been
to just decide oh that one's messed up
remember the rear casting is done I told
you that we're working on them you
already knew that I told you that just
amazing
there you go
no brakes
if you pull the thing and then turn
you'll spin and then you see peer
pressure peer pressure she wasn't doing
it till you guys said to do it she
wasn't listening to me
I keep pressing the gas I'm like saying
this like I know what I'm talking about
I mean I'm pretty good I didn't actually
hey what do you know she's stopping
how's she able to stop she's good no one
else would stop but apparently Ally's
able to stop this thing
got it
remember that time when I beat you in
basketball you're gonna do what you're
gonna do what you're gonna do take it to
the hoop taking the hoop oh okay that's
a good way to go home it is time to end
the night so I just want to say thanks
to Roman everyone for letting us drives
like crazy cars and guess where I'm
buying on the way home make sure you
guys check out Adam LZ as well he's the
one that has the crazy card
Debbie YouTube as well yeah but you're a
tailor Rick hey do you have a youtube I
want to start with I knew I was logging
I think you might be really good at it
you never would shoot lane I think you'd
be good at it though just take my advice
you should try vlogging I will try it
for you okay and only for you
Roman will start lawyers I will start I
will try to start daily vlogging there
we go
I just want to say thank you so much for
watching today's video as you can see
it's a little bit longer than normal but
a lot of cool things happen if you guys
are brand new don't forget to click the
little subscribe button
and I will see you guys tomorrow have a
great night bye guys
