this is what my morning has been
consisting of lately since we got this
tree the thing has been drinking so much
water drinking felt super to break this
one that too and every time I do it it
does this and I try put water and it
spills everywhere so I have an idea
sure somebody already invented this if
not I'm inventing this and I'm going to
sell it to the world I'm gonna go to
Home Depot and see if I can create
something I have this Apple over me
and this beard has got to go too and
soon I can create some sort of device to
water this I have an idea and it seems
very simple you still know if it's gonna
work
it's not the most clever by the way I
still got the one balloon better safe
the other one it's flying away I'd like
to think of it being in some other tree
that some other person is now rescuing
but it's long gone I'm sure alright guys
be really good I'll be right back I go
invent something okay so I need a rubber
rubber tube and a funnel
yep that's not a funnel or two but that
would actually been good in in the
storage place
I was thinking no I was thinking like a
hose like a tube like some like this
these Fiddler's oh you guys think I'm
the embarrassing one most of the time
it's her want to go back do you okay do
we not want to get this huh stick it in
yeah but that would be better it's
sturdier so it's not gonna fling out and
you just fit we need a lot more than
numbnuts
okay listen be proud as all the dust
coming out
all right so we need a funnel yeah
all right where's the funnel we'll just
tape it I'll be good
let's go find out what good you can use
this for years to come you can spray
chain is being read Charles I think this
is great really good okay funny cause it
looks anymore
wait what it needs to be a little bit
more its son you gotta be more snug okay
we just had just put him back put a
brake you doofus
yeah I can just go like this I can just
go like this and see there you go to the
sort of a way put your hand on it and go
up and down like wah wah wah
I can't come you drop it you freak
please can't wait for me karate chop you
in their nose can I try to give you a
hickey later no like seriously give you
one on your left arm
I'm just kidding I'm later I'm gonna do
when I get home good leave you hate me
let me just put on record that Ali
started the I didn't realize
that could be this and now I know I
can't pull I got my little tube my
Hickey tube now what I want to do I want
to make this that just look like a PVC
pipe I actually want to make this look
kind of nice so I'm actually gonna get a
little bit fancy with it I fancy I mean
duct tape always with duct tape
you guys want to see more than use my
crotch I'm sure some of you maybe I
don't know some of you weird ones
so guys want to hear a funny story my
mom showed the house today and guess
what the people preferred the red the
wall you know that wall that we just
painted because originally everyone was
complaining all the people that she
showed the house were complaining that
it was a little bit too much so I
thought that was kind of funny and
annoying story at the same time forever
how can we get a candy cane holy Shh
I was gonna get a candy cane that'll be
actually kind of a little bit better Lou
that that's cool
that one up I'm not usually the artistic
one it's usually Ali
so I'm actually kind of proud of myself
coming up with this maybe I saw it I'm
sure it didn't come up with this I'm
sure I saw it so much I'm gonna keep
telling myself I came up with it though
oh by the way guys I want to say thank
you I always say thank you
following a video where I just kind of
rant about screwed that one up like I
had nothing planned I just you know I'm
just gonna turn the camera on and see
what happens I ended up talking about
things I didn't plan on talking about or
think I wanted to talk about so I wanted
to say thank you for that because I
guess I kind of needed to do a little
venting on that that looks kinda cool
right I'm actually kind of proud of this
got a little bit uneven but whatever
candy canes aren't perfect actually no
they are extremely perfect
there we go
working it's working it's full its full
full oh you know this is full
cuz I could see the water oh maybe it's
not I lied
I'm a liar this is very exciting Charles
your contraption you might want to sell
this pretty sure this is everything
that's a very thirsty tree you're
putting it through there honey cousin
well I think you're better off doing it
back down there you're gonna drop all
these ornaments wait it was very here
baby is like underneath
sounds like a toilet
our Christmas tree is a running toilet
I'll put this unavailable see the others
in osaka' oh yeah anybody oh no it's
overflowing it is like a toilet it's
overflowing that dramatic enough guys
honey you clogged the toilet again
invention no it worked it's just you
know use your air our lights you're
messing up my light sir I'm trying to
keep our Christmas tree all festive you
know it's the little things in life that
bring us so much joy like creating a
contraption that can water a tree and
then we just watching him clean up the
mess that he's made I love like it looks
like our Christmas trees is crying or
what the bed one of my favorite little
ornaments live a little wild if I can
get it to hang back up I'm going to
attempt to keep some green plants I'm
ready killing them I'm already killing
keep some green plants alive outside and
inside because I read up that green
plants in your house can really absorb a
lot of the radiation that comes off of
like their computer and your TVs and
your cell phones and things of that sort
so because we're always on our computer
and constant or silcon I think it's
gonna be really awesome to kind of have
some really pretty house plants in here
obviously to absorb it but also to look
really nice I love obviously you guys
know I love plants I'm just not good at
keeping them alive
that's just my issue I
don't know how to keep them in a living
State and I'm doing pretty good though I
have some IV which is very difficult to
kill and then I have that house plant
that's up there and that one over there
and they're still alive they've been
alive since we pretty much moved in here
actually I think we got that one that's
like up there maybe like eight months
back I'm not really sure check back with
me in about a month to see if these are
still alive what is that it's this
funnel and then I made it fancy Oh
beautiful I'm pressed for the I want to
do red maybe on the tip that's beautiful
honey mmm I've done it the other way
just leave it it looks great it smells
it's got a real potent smell but hey
char give me a thumbs up I heard that if
you tell plants that you love them but
they live longer will you tell them that
you love them nope and no come over here
and tell them that you love them
hey I told my dogs and they're still
here today where everyone finally finds
out but I'm not the insane one is like
bunch of baby frog in the bag of dirt
what that's him look I mean there's
white ones and brown ones few right
there yeah
Oh help you let me help you don't ya
don't I'm gonna garage whoa sir I would
be two giant of hands they're coming at
me hey
no a slippery son oh there's a bunch in
there there's like five yeah don't go in
the garage one of us yeah they're poison
dart frogs you know that right over this
is that tree that we were looking at the
other day looks really nice gate I like
it very festive the reason that there's
a Christmas tree outside of our house
and not inside her house is because her
cats jump on the tree and then they
break things so Caitlin's actually
trying to be cautious and keep it
outside so that doesn't happen okay
we're gonna put together my bachelorette
party like kind of party favors I have
to give out to my sister and Claire they
have like gone above and beyond for me
for the bachelorette party so I'm like
so excited so to kind of help they
didn't really want me to do much but I
wanted to try and help my sister put
these together and kind of get this done
but I'm very excited
there are glowstick serious people there
are glow sticks here which means it's
guaranteed to be a fun time it's really
awesome so cool little cups made for all
the girls mostly that so you guys can
see oh my god Gail these are so cool
where is custody like the bridesmaids
and look at this this is a bridesmaid
glass how cool I think the girls are
gonna really really love these my
bachelorette party is coming up very
soon it is in the month of December
we're gonna be going away for like four
days yeah yeah four days three nights
and I can't wait to show you guys so
we're gonna go it's pretty awesome
look yay so I Melissa Caitlin and my
older sister are my maids of honor I
have not told you guys actually who
everyone is in the party you're gonna
see all those faces at the bachelorette
party
fortunately Devin will not be able to go
HS to work and my cousin Lexi it's not
gonna be there if she has to stay home
and take care of her baby you'll meet
the rest of the party that's there and
then a few other people so I'm very very
excited about this so Tommy's got a drum
and Buddha is usually the one that's
kind of like a print of everything and
this is cooter right here and he's like
testing it out in his house right now
they're waiting to get a new couch
so he's testing out his new job kunos is
usually afraid of everything it's just
so intrigued and then Mako over here is
like do not have me anywhere near that
weird contraption that's flying around
my house I am petrified it's sooo pretty
good there you go guys if it hits a wall
it still survives I'm like Charles his
falls from the sky
did you bite you to see a helicopter or
anything like that like a quad copter
around the area they go to this quad
quad copters this is the beginning of
the end the end the beginning of the end
beginning of the end
oh my god her glow sticks it got her
candy got all this other yumminess
that's like needed it's absent
frequently needed every time you go on a
bachelor party
I just thought only said it's nearly so
much fun
you and us got a vacuum
go try to back
it's ugly
don't forget to click that like button
and tomorrow bye guys
please jump over the couch
