one day I'm able to put all this crap
behind me and go back to living a normal
life
good morning everyone I want to get out
a coffee to be a nice fiance and this is
what happened burn the crap out of
myself all down my foot all down my leg
I hope you enjoy this I burned the crap
out of myself
funny as a result I just going all over
my face I just say you look crazy right
now
but as a result of that going all of my
arm like I had a sip of coffee in the
first time in four years perform a bird
that megabits per second and I didn't
know if this is the only way it's doing
that if this is unfortunately going
through Wi-Fi but it says current
connection and it has a Wi-Fi logo and
it says peer-to-peer so my assumption is
that it's going peer to peer through the
world the Wi-Fi network which would be
incredibly slow versus directly
connected like they are and it says you
have to be on the same network so I
didn't know there was a way to just not
use the network and just go from
computer to computer as if there was no
network lady this day yeah yeah I tried
that and it still didn't feel super
accomplished today an awesome awesome
feeling to get a ton of things done and
still have time in a day to do whatever
you want it's always like Charles and I
main goal every day when we wake up is
that one we can get all the tests on
that we need to get done and to that we
do have time for ourselves at some point
in the day that's usually why we don't
actually start filming until later in
the afternoon Hey he's like my shadow I
don't know if you guys have picked up on
that can you say hi to the CTFxC and all
of the internet well I need to get up
I'm gonna go do a quick workout I'm
still kind of feeling a little crappy
yesterday I felt a little bit better
than I did the day previous
what what's going on are you kidding me
that's why this is disgusting Oh all
that fur well this is way too zoomed in
okay look hold on you didn't need to see
that much of my face you trust me you
don't want to see that much of
mayonnaise oh come on
stupid robot trying to leave I woke up
today and I had this like crazy headache
like all day it's pretty much why you
haven't seen me much today I don't know
it was like going a bit late or just not
drinking enough water
it was just pounding I have kind of
taken away from going away from all
screens and like talking it's gone away
a little bit not fully and the thing is
I know you're probably thinking
charles's take out Advil or Tylenol I
already have to take so many medications
right now any other thing would just
like kind of bum me out even if it's so
simple as just like that so I try to
avoid as much as possible you notice how
I just went from probably five different
rooms just talking you about this one
thing Oh
traveling vlog I think sort of oh wow
they're actually turning that into a
skating rink so cool and if you guys
remember this is the place like char and
I came and practice our I do so a long
time ago everywhere around here is
really getting festive just put me in a
really happy
here
Kalen
it's a photo area go get in the
Christmas tree or you can hang out with
else whatever you want Kate you look
real happy when I get stressed out I
have a bad headache like this this was
always my way I've kind of combating
that can't drive anymore usually I would
just get in the car and I would drive
remember like Zoe Marley would have
their heads like right here on their
shoulder on my shoulder I should say but
since I actually unfortunately can't do
that in the car quite yet I have to just
get on the golf cart which by the way is
not cut it's not a bad thing because
effectually superfund the same time it
makes me kind of honestly miss driving
and that's actually the first time I
think I've ever really said that
normally I don't really visit I'm
starting to kind of like I think what it
is cuz I had a little little bit of
coffee that was like the first thing
I've ever done you know then that
actually had to do with post everything
really it's I haven't had coffee I had
hold on and I was all distracting coffee
I hadn't had a drink of alcohol like a
drop of alcohol like no beer no like
champagne nothing no wine and I haven't
driven I think it's kind of kind of
funny to think about it's like that
little droplet of caffeine or coffee
kind of like we triggered a bunch of
memories or kind of
things that I'm finally starting to
slightly miss because you don't really
miss it until it's gone
type of suffice it seems so simple and
stuff one of those things we take for
granted like then for years now it's
like going on five years I haven't had
that kind of stuff it's not so much like
I miss it it's more of like I missed the
choice of either denying it or accepting
it does that make sense
knock on wood I don't want to say this
I've been really good for months and
months and months so here's hoping I
don't know though like at the same time
I'm called the kind of torn because even
if I go months I know if I'm fine I have
to make that you know decision at some
point but at the same time I think I'd
be too scared to actually do that I
don't necessarily care about myself I
just really would never want to hurt
anyone else that would be my problem
like me I'm just like whatever what's
gonna happen to me is what's gonna
happen to me but if I did anything
somebody else as a result I don't know I
don't know if I could ever live with
myself pizzettes
that's intense but at the same time I
can't live in fear I know that's that's
something I got to make sure I can't do
because if I live in fear I'm not gonna
live my life one day I'm able to put all
this crap behind me and go back to
living a normal life as normal I guess
I don't live a normal life so I guess as
normal as my life could possibly be I
mean I'll be completely honest last few
years of my life
when 2012 on right now has been like the
most trying stressful and just confusing
years of my life like I had no idea how
I was able to do it to be completely
honest haven't you guys that having the
daily videos has really kind of helped I
guess a distraction and maybe like
secretly why I never stopped blogging
never really thought about that I think
maybe if I stopped blogging and may have
lost my mind
you know everybody telling me I should
go to like that therapy but go and speak
with somebody like professionally but I
was like no I got I got my team sorry
that's destructive like no I got my team
which is you guys and it's true because
I think that's really kind of pushed me
through the whole situation man I just
got super deep today tonight I wasn't
planning on I just had a headache I
didn't plan on like going on a
super-duper deeper and all I was trying
to say is it was interesting that I've
never once had like a miss or a desire
to do those kind of things like I didn't
miss driving I was like that kind of
sucks but like I have uber I have the
Hooper coach you know we're CTFxC codes
I have Ally who's been tremendously
helping me have my family and my friends
so I never really missed driving too
much it's definitely an inconvenience
and I had the golf cart which has been
so much fun because and it's actually
been practical for me interesting that
I've never really missed like drinking
alcohol to like who's
I just escaped I was just getting to an
age so we're like it was just no longer
fun I mean granted it was fun on tour I
will I'm not gonna lie some of the most
funny
like memories that we have on tour have
included having a little bit adult
beverages I should say and you guys
probably if you've been watching these
videos for a long time you probably know
exactly what I'm talking about
not even on tour like I remember vividly
one of the last times I drank and had
like a party was like New Year's and we
all had the top hats and I started
making my little beard campaign I beat
everyone that's okay
you'll get there you'll get there yeah
that moment I think that was one of the
last moments that I actually had to
drink but I'm trying to say right now is
none of this stuff what I'm trying to
say I just I honestly just wanted to
turn the camera on and see what came out
of my mouth sometimes I don't really get
to do that and I kind of feel really bad
not after you guys for the whole sake of
for the idea of the vlogs like that's
what the vlogs are just to kind of have
a conversation with some people that
you're connecting on the internet so I
just wanted to turn the camera on and
see what happened it's a beard oh my god
guess what I'm trying to say is that
again I don't necessarily miss my life I
miss aspects of my life not having to
worry about certain things not having to
take so many medications not being able
to do certain things
that's a nice life lesson I know a lot
of people kind of asked me that like you
if I miss being able to do those types
of things like if I miss my life before
the surgeries it's kind of hard to talk
about sometimes but I think I just did
for the past five minutes
and I hope that kind of like explains a
little bit what's going on in my crazy
little noggin that I have I think that's
pretty much enough deep conversation
with me right now otherwise we're gonna
fall into a rabbit hole whoo balloons I
want to get something I want to go sleep
in the rescue I think I work way better
oh hang on
hey I'm like hold on there's some
brilliance in a tree and I'm gonna go
get them
you know those shake my head type of
things who's gonna have the last laugh
after I come back with some awesome
balloons probably Alan don't remember
the street
you don't look amused at all Oh oh it's
gone
damn it your job is to not lose that one
okay it's a tree balloon and a true
balloon one of them
I tied to go wait what saltiest butter
you
let's go no no this is why I hate the
store I always drop things now I have to
buy this all right I want to have the
broken glasses taken home everyone's
embarrassed embarrassed
stop crying when the guy sees the
Barretts please don't look at him please
don't look at him he's embarrassed he's
embarrassed I went up there I offer to
pay for it and because of my honesty
don't worry about it good it's still
snowing
it's snowing in Florida let me guess on
your finger doesn't know
alright guys well I hope you enjoyed
today's video thank you so much for
letting me kind of vent today a little
bit more than normal I really appreciate
it so it's kind of nice to be able to
just kind of turn the camera on and just
kind of see where it goes
as you can see I have apparently sharing
the couch right now as I edit I will see
you guys tomorrow as always don't forget
to subscribe to get your brand-new and
click the little like button if you
enjoyed today's video bye guys
