let's give everybody doctor trippy
already good I know though takes forever
on this thing you remember good news
this so far from what I just saw you
don't have a fever up there yeah so this
is just exactly what happened with me
the day before I felt kind of bad and
then the next day I felt like crap
so that means tomorrow if she has exact
same thing so feel a little bit better
fingers crossed let's go everybody
that scared me you don't even get up
he's barred from here I fell throne
worst guard dog ever do you need
anything that's an emergency so sleepy
unfortunately nerd rock is leaving right
now he just wanted to say one thing to
you guys though I'm totally touched by
all your messages I don't want to cry on
camera but you definitely made me tear
up and I'm I'm I'm touched like I love
you all thank you
I told him you guys were pretty cool so
he just wanted to say that before he
laughs diesel is very intuitive nerd
rock all dogs are intuitive all dogs
nerd rock is gone but he will not be
gone forever he'll be back very very
soon now I gotta wake Ally up because
she's gotta go do some stuff even though
she's deathly ill every time I turn this
camera on let's see how you're feeling
there's a diesel on your butt Zoe got on
the wrong end of diesel kicking up grass
he's such a dick
this is the new leader King song this is
the classic Rammstein
I told Ali the king should just become a
metal pick what do you think we the
Kings medal
I know I know Travon love trap to do the
metal stuff because if you ever come to
a show if you randomly here is like a
squeeze the guitars the tone
what I'm seeing is that you ever go to
weed the key show you know something
like itching my beard now it's because
it's so damn long look at this
it's ridiculous but I'm saying like if
you ever go to we the King show
and you think during whatever you just
hear like a squeal on the guitar like oh
just look at trav
usually is the one that's doing it look
at his face cuz we'll be like doing this
like freaking out it's still make you
feel there let's get it then get it I'll
buy for you to make you feel better
really yeah yeah I guess you're that one
the key to Ali's heart is blankets if
you didn't know jelly beans in blankets
it's good a tent he's been wanting to
camp out a backyard for the longest time
right so we should probably you want to
camp out in the backyard we got to make
sure if we do that that we turn off the
sprinkler system that would be a bad
time you're gonna have a bad time
there's a little backpack you should put
for the hipster Fox yeah look look he's
like no it's for the hipster raccoon he
said okay I'm ready for school raccoons
to go to school now yeah alright let's
just find a new ornament you another one
of it for this year there we go
I'll put a bird on it I'll put a bird on
it
bluejay I do want a green big I don't
what this is the blue bird fun little
bird on it depend on them this is a bird
game represent us is here bird
you should find something else we got
Simon Cowell though
this is always fun it's always like the
fun part of the year is like getting
everything ready the worst part of the
year is to take me down yeah get a good
little space I was like I was letting
her finish my sentences but Wellman
could be kind of fun because we played
with llamas this year I think the llama
because we played with llamas this year
do you think that's for the cranky
grinches out there that's supposed to be
an L by the way we can change up the
belt are you literally looking for
stockings for our night and chimney
actually fun little fact that where we
have our television before the guy
renovated our house was a chimney yeah
you know you didn't even know that you
can actually see it like it's a TV stand
isn't there yeah in front of them the
OOD just give Marley a big one I love
you
where's it just uh if I had this odious
constantly may you know there's Easy
Bake Ovens I really want to try to do
one of those joining soda are you one of
my guys can I actually am almost
slightly more intrigued about this the
ice cream yep I think I want to do ice
cream they have a snow cone machine they
have an epic snow cone machine look it's
baby's first DJ we're gonna do like a
little kid test like we always do those
get the kid toys and see how much they
either suck or still awesome so we
decided to give the Easy Bake Oven
alright Neil Peart kind of later nothing
this sickness keep me from putting up
ornaments on the tree we got some new
ornaments because I'm like going for
this plaid theme go figure I'm like
black quit and we're doing like really
awesome gold different shades of red
glass bulbs which could be like the
worst thing that we've ever decided upon
however I'm willing to attempt it do you
want to help me do it
what's up eating all my olives looks
like you just put the whole side of our
refrigerator through like a crazy
tornado I may have a problem with
pickles I can eat pickles at any time
during the day people that like pickles
understand how amazing pickles are I
think the people are thinking I was
waiting I'm not kidding like section of
pickles that's the only ones wait hold
on that's not pickles no these are those
are all pickles that's not pickles those
are olives what are you talking about
that's another one that's olives I do
like Allstate and those are does little
pepper teeny thingy where are y'all
pickles salad dressing I'll do like
salad dressing like green things every
time she's sick this is what she has to
have and homemade whipped cream and a
cool little new mug does this ring make
me look engaged I love it I think it's
so cute hi this is what I like that's
why I don't like hot things it's like
every time I do that I end up freaking
burning myself and I'm sick so I
probably like snot rolling out of my
nose that's what that is
okay I'm sorry we have to drop
everything because Dobby wants to go
outside no they don't need to pee watch
I'm gonna let him out she's gonna go
with like sniff everything she's gonna
water it back in the house so will
Charles is cleaning out the refrigerator
I'm gonna start decorating a Christmas
tree cuz that's looking a little bit
barren right now and I know it seems a
little bit crazy start decorating this
really
but I feel like I just couldn't wait
this here it was so weird as soon as I
started seeing all the Christmas trees
coming out I'm like oh my god so right
now so we can get a great Christmas tree
which we did I love our Christmas tree
and honestly like doing these kind of
things actually make me feel better it
just kind of puts me in a better mood
not that I'm in a bad mood but when
you're sick it you know you can kind of
like damper the day and I'm not letting
that happen Charles you know I want your
help and I think that you're amazingly
amazing at decorating a Christmas tree
you can I kid wants to buy everything in
anything that's new and like feasible to
him so I want to try and keep him from
doing that the very last ball was the
casualty I'm so sorry little guy I will
not show your sparkle on this tree
however your glitter may be here for a
very very long time one man down at a 42
I don't know what's worse the fact that
you broke one or the fact that you broke
one that's glitter this I'm like did
this hole come off the outside of it but
I feel like maybe it all came out of the
center of it we should just get the
robot to clean out all the dogs then the
robot are gonna be all glitter fied our
robots gonna go around cleaning things
up and it's gonna look like it just came
out of a strip club look at the tree
looks nice it's very plaid
so anyway mini sound like kind of crazy
a little bit silly but anytime that I do
things like this like get ready for a
holiday or do something that really
makes me happy it always tends to kind
of like make me just a little bit better
whenever I'm sick and then I always love
to have like soup and mashed potatoes
which is like a very weird concoction
but I always love to have it it always
makes you feel better and then like hot
tea I want to know in the comment
section below what makes you feel better
when you're sick like I know obviously
sleeping and things like that are
necessary and super important but like
is there something that you find like
out of the ordinary that you do when
you're sick that makes you really start
to feel better comment section below I
also liked hang out with this guy
earlier today I had to leave and go get
some things done and I was like not
wanting to do it at all to be completely
honest number one you can't always take
a sick day number two it was only for a
few hours so it wasn't absolutely
terrible but I always remember at the
end of the day like okay if I go and get
this done I'm not too worried about it
tomorrow so thankfully I was able to get
the work done today that I needed to get
done today
I was actually really looking forward to
decorating the tree probably been home
sleeping I know what you guys are all
gonna say it just this is something that
makes me feel so good I love doing you
know building a Christmas tree I guess
that's what you would say you're putting
together a Christmas tree because
whenever people come over they always
get so excited no matter where you got
no matter whose house it is no matter
what credit the Christmas tree looks
like people always get excited when they
see a Christmas tree or at least
throughout my life I recognize that
people get really excited about a
Christmas tree before all the pumpkins
are brought yes yes I know it's all done
before the pumpkins started rotting I
figured might as well make another pie
and I think I may have done the best one
yet I think it's actually gonna rival
Ally's right now and I made two of them
the stew is much better than one right
how do I tell if this is done okay how
I'm gonna do it
that's good two good pies how you doing
over there I got some pumpkin pies if
you want that they could go better
yeah
okay pie what some coffee
well on that note I will see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe and have a great night
bye guys I'm gonna leave all this all of
these
