man we don't know what's wrong with you
but we're gonna poke you nine more times
just to see if that changes anything
sick a couple days ago how is editing
right now I think Ali now is the
sickness so I get to play doctor today
this is from the video yesterday when
Zoe was howling she's I swear she's not
howling right now it's just Ali editing
over there you all right still dead I
give her some some honey water all of it
would you do that to your doctor you did
actually she just flicked me off okay
ma'am we don't know what's wrong with
you but we're gonna poke you nine more
times just to see if that changes
anything
he's British - not at all yes like your
British accent is better than Kevin
Costner's doing
words to live by Finley when you came
here it looked like you have fish on the
leash he's flopping around he saw the
girls prior like alright time to hide
hey pal he's getting so tall already we
just ignore the squirrel please please
do you have to like rent the court or
can you just go and just hopefully get
it that's pretty cool we should just
come and play one day little kid there's
never ever too many dog feelings making
friends with everyone
holy crap he's almost as tall as Marley
this is the updated Pleasantville is it
not you guys like people on bikes and
they're playing five on there out in the
water kids are screaming and playing and
excited people are walking their dogs a
chaos it's awesome it's like the updated
20th century Pleasantville you want
there's a Pleasantville with Nicole
Kidman no that's different why's that
no not at all yeah that's like that's
not at all
we are not separate wives no we just
lick your face
take it Marley take it she's like I'm
not having it I just want to go on a
walk let me walk well you're going on
the fuller faceplant is it white why are
these things jumping I don't get it if I
let Marley go she probably would catch a
squirrel I don't know what you deal with
it but these are the squirrels that are
just so ballsy and so so tough I'm not
scared of anything not even Marley
nothing will
well not look at that nothing's gonna
break her like Stan's right they're not
Finley go mess with her that's what I
can't run without he'll stop and you get
yanked back actually
then mess with her I wanna see how
focused she gets meanwhile look at the
doof over there so you're such a doofus
like perfect opportunity I'm releasing
the Beast just for a few minutes look at
that tongue
wanna go look at the school let's go
look at it so it goes away she's
weight-wise why is it that running away
I didn't know better this squirrel looks
like it's taunting Marley I think we
figured out a middle ground
Marley doesn't care as long as she sees
squirrels we need your help skids
squirrel scared squirrel good job you're
not gonna walk legs though that's the
only way
all right Ally go chase that squirrel
the girls are starting to get used to
Finley because it's like the perfect
time he was licking the faces I hope
they'll do it again guilty as charged
Marley were you up there are you got
done I guess it's about time that we got
a start is that oh my god is that all
fungus all the way nice when how he
painted it thank God
what if they're so good we can actually
make pumpkin pie though you think I can
make pumpkin pie are you still oh wait
these aren't pie pumpkins I'm sorry
that's a pie pumpkin straight to the
toys cigar well we got a tree in the
house that's a little different
where's my avocado numbskull turn around
hey Gopal there you go
go eat your elbow cut oh go get that's
all he wants back again do you feel back
here he is hi bud
this way that's all are you happy you
don't look dead happy so we're getting
ready for Christmas guys you know me
well first up I'm sick so disregard the
way that I look right now whatever I had
has come in to my face and into my head
bull chorus we are transitioning our
home into Christmas wonderland Christmas
wonderland I want to show you guys this
so before we do the Christmas wonderland
I have the GoPro 5 I've read online a
lot of people are having this issue but
if you guys are trying this is all the
ports right here the USBC and all that
so this is a side where all the ports
are and you have to slide this little
doohickey guy which is important because
this thing is waterproof now and I
wanted to show you guys this because I
spent a long time trying to figure this
out and I actually looked this up online
so when you try to put it back on it
just does not put back on you know like
you I spend a lot like I said a long
time like an idiot however if you take
the lid and just slide it forward take
the lid and just slide it forward like
this right and then you just put it
right here just hook it in there just
like that it goes right in there
eventually guys I just want to if I can
help one person with this thing I feel
like it's victory because I this is so
much time faulty kind of design damn
that's really hard to get out there we
go you clip it you see clip it and then
your society can clip it and then you
slide it and that will save you guys
days that's just a random Segway right
now so hopefully the stage you guys some
hours days I think I do this every year
I got a ride slept viral video back in
the day I gotta run I work at Burger
King making three little hoppers I look
favor how would you like some fries with
that you don't remember that video
that's true
excuse me sir sir what are you doing
excuse me
all I ever see is his tail excuse me
have to call the park ranger see hey
don't scare it don't scary dumb dad
jokes
brought to you by Charles I can't tell
if my kids are gonna be embarrassing me
I know or enjoy my intelligence
just like Elliott and Kinsley like me
when once they start speaking they're
like Kinsley's already looking at me
with a camera like this guy what the
squirrel this is cool the tree first to
the lights what spray they actually like
3 2 1 go well they worked actually I
think that's a decoration I don't think
you're supposed to be eating that right
literally there's like four toys around
here should we do the 2015 so yeah
because you want to show all the
Christmases these four Taylor okay he
wants that freakin squirrel
Emily I'll bet punch in the face Ali's
still sick not still I think that school
needs to go way higher babe where's that
one our star no that is not gonna fit
actually you know it might I like how we
have the one light above it where's the
thing oh we just cut the top part no
it's maybe not even have a star no the
squirrel is going way up higher because
diesel has now spotted it and it will
not survive the Christmas
and that's all the ornaments we have
right now I thought we did do but no
more like they are sorry no we have five
ornaments on this tree influence oh wait
we do have the CTFxC pillow yeah we
could put that on there we put it down
there there you gotta put it up higher
number like stick it in the tree like
stick it right there right there yeah
that's a great spot smile a little
bearing at least Scott lights that has a
few ornaments on it but it is only the
very very beginning well Ally wants to
match our candy came over the candy came
over here so we're not going to be using
our blue one silver ones this year it
just doesn't feel as Christmas here to
me we're gonna have to get red and
silver no we're gonna do like we're
gonna do we can do like reds and greens
and we could probably put the silvers
okay uses Silver's she's not having it
she's not your ball girl you looking
like a disco ball yeah I think of before
you eat my face what are you doing back
there that looks real nice honey now oh
great no diesel come on don't bite it I
mean that looks like you're slowly
stirring the tree looks like you guys
this is what would happen if I let
Charles decorate the tree no this is
what happens with snow falls on the tree
yeah it comes out and now very stringy
spaghetti like for him this might be the
world's worst decorated Christmas tree
I used to there was a lady that was like
a really good friend of my mom's and
every year she would actually like pay
me to come over and decorate her
Christmas tree cuz her Christmas tree
was so big you know those ones that we
were looking at the other day or she
would pay me to come over and decorate
her Christmas tree in each like area of
the Christmas tree so like this section
would be dedicated to like Barbie dolls
then this one would be dumb
you know specialize in like the cars all
those like vintage looking kind of
Christmas ornaments and it would take
hours because they're true so big and
shoots so many ornaments she probably
had at least like 500 orders that she
would stick on a tree every time and
like what are you doing to my dog I
don't Oh
boom so I did a fun trick
I took the salt and put it close to Salt
Lake
heylia with the evidence your straws so
when she drinks a big glob
actually it's such a simple assault
pretty sure thank you though I can't
turn this camera this victory
