oh girl but there's a ringing Charles
forgot his phone inside so we were
trying to call it and II did and it's
kind of surprising that he actually
forgot it because he doesn't ever forget
its camera and you never forget this
phone and you never forget his computer
but he forgets everything else are you
okay already okay it's okay
you cut your foot hair over MA
here's all weird
what happened years lost years okay
okay you guys are parently gonna be one
dog today and of course I know how she
just don't get it I just don't get it
I'm are used he's a freak girl there's
this place that I've always been wanting
to come to that we have not been to yet
please we decided to come to like a
different trail or like a different area
because we're always going to the same
spots we're going down by the water I
wanted to try something different
hopefully the weather stays like this
what do you think I mean it's nice
though it's probably like seven doors
I feel like it always could be that's a
weather update I got to get over that
maybe I should that's what I should do
gosh I'm fighting a new career I'm gonna
be a weather woman
hi I'm Ali West reporting for Channel 9
News today I got a question for you
which were the eyes on the video though
right I think that's actually right I
know
damn straight my love having her a nice
little family day Diesel's not here yet
but guys he will be back I'm getting
this boy in shape because he's got to
fit into a suit and like you know we're
getting married in like a hundred and
six days or something like that
do you seen these spooky things out here
kind of creeps me out a little bit I
don't usually get like freaked out
during the day when dogs start like
getting skittish shouldn't feel weird
about certain things that definitely
makes me a little bit freaked top and
round the middle of nowhere but there's
no one and nothing I have to have this
one protect me if anything bad happens I
got a stick just like a haunted island
and Zoe is figuring this all out who
Scott is that oh so whose shit is that
that's basically what it's saying
Sherman we thought that was part of it
did you which poop is yours charge
you look like appellate courts
you fit on the news guys
well tell them our punch out is gonna
jump just jumped then you really get so
much to live for
too much to look at dad there's too much
to look at so guys there's the poop
right there money just rolled right
vintage Harley like that yeah your head
right in that in the poop okay Marley
come on girl get it together this sounds
really really really stupid but we kind
of got herself lost there's a fork we
think about that might be the way on
here well we also have no idea so it
could be that way now they're leaving me
gooey dogs so we got no service right
here which is like the dogs lead us this
would be the prettiest play which profit
the project ever I love my sick I'm gone
too far loser was just green a second
ago now he's just he's changing the
light color once again what this is it
was very pretty it's a baby dance so
that's what it really is
hi don't fall okay that was so much
easier than catch them those Cuban
lizards Cuban lizards the regular the
brown gray ones the ones of Florida has
like this that thing was just like
alright I guess I'll let you take me if
you like it out of both of us you're the
only one that could actually do it there
you go you got it
hmm come on buttholes gotta get cleaning
now the fun is now over
must get clean and I think we're
actually gonna go get a Christmas tree
today so I'm actually really excited
we're gonna be those people I know what
is it 26 27 so we're gonna have to have
a Christmas tree for at least a month
and a week hopefully it doesn't die and
can you keep it true that long I don't
know did you come inside I went to try
to find a single pen just a sink disap
in there's something to write with and
then I open this up and it's that girl I
know a lot of you guys said everyone's
got one of these drawers but if you know
me
this type of crap right here drives me
insane and I've done it a million times
but it feels like I have to do it a
million one times now a razor just in
case you're in the kitchen you need to
like shave your legs or your face an
iPhone 4 case what is this little dude
monkey guy I think one of you guys
actually made it which is actually
pretty impressive
oh he's Santa we gotta get it keep him
out with a little moo-cow I know there's
the shot Bob okay that's not all the
Pens in emojis
yes see if this nano so that yep still
get there well no longer a junk drawer
now everything else is just junk
all right get organized this shit well I
know it sounds crazy well we're gonna
get a Christmas tree I'm in bad mood
Christmas tree kids behave yeah you
sound like Lumbergh right now Lumbergh
is TPS reports yes I do thank God but
here's a funny thing did we ever tell
them that our neighbor looks like
Lumbergh aren't always that gonna be our
neighbor cuz he's selling his house you
don't think he looks like bill Lumbergh
oh you oh my god I'm gonna take a photo
I told him that and he agreed he's like
I get that a lot Ellen did that did he
not look like this see
I'm not crazy I told you that's two to
one I'm Kaitlin up for auction so
anybody would that would like to
purchase her it's just a small fee of
twenty - this
our poinsettias allergic to cats cats
may be toxic to
yes yes mildly toxic to cats dogs good
job
yeah but I do not want a pine one you
got to get a Fraser Fir can this even
fit our house well there's another baby
right there
okay let's just go super small I'll just
get this one which is the size that we
want like this sighs sounds like
Halloween night right there I think that
might be too big
sounds like Halloween wow I just said
that I literally just said that right
all right the rules got to be it's got
to be at least taller than you and I
seven eight
is it seven foot eight inches or just
said a dozen heavy oh my god ally found
one
no wait holy crap that one oh yeah it's
definitely a little mini elevator
we just answered your own question come
on
let's go see how that it kind of looks
like it right let's go say hi to Santa
again if you get out of my way and your
witness
yeah you've got all this oh that one
right there that's a nice one that's the
beauty
I remember going Christmas tree shopping
with my father and not taking it an hour
the way that guy was talking about this
stuff that was my dad not taking you
know no taking it really I'm the type of
person that runs in take the first tree
I'm like alright this is a tree I want
and I'm noticing you're the one that
takes forever to tell what you want for
christmas all right three two one go
you didn't ask Santa what you wanted for
Christmas I said anything dick
but it's an appeal that's gonna rain the
lives of so many children right now so
we got for goodness sake sad about Jack
you better not cry you better not touch
and you better not pry remember last
year how much of an issue was for us
it's just balance this thing I think we
might have figured out the right way of
doing this we've got the right way
the our way of doing this it's not the
right way I hear his stomach will you
know why she's hungry she's been waking
me up at 6:00 in the morning she's
demanding that she eats at 6:00 a.m. now
now that we got the tree I completely
forgot do you want to do our very first
ornament well we'll leave as a married
couple
right here in the beginning there's a
little moo-cow you guys have no idea
this is the cow that we put on our
registry as a joke and I think a CTFxC
er got it for us you know it just hit me
you know you're always wanted a cow so
we will name this locale Simon Cowell so
you always
