that is one cool-looking mural open by
the way typical Florida stopped raining
that is the coolest place so we just
went to this like it's a new it's a
authorised back thing so we'd have to go
all the way to the back store scow an
alley right downtown like right down the
road and alley got our computer back
from the hospital since I have tattoos
all over my body
I'm gonna give Ali some tattoos and
since I'm neither exotic tattoos I've
never done actually no I shouldn't
I gave Danny a tattoo or help to give
him a shark tattoo anyway once we short
we give Ali
I guess sleeve is basically and this was
her idea too so this is not mine
those two your blue hair I wanted to put
it on Charles said no well I said no
cause if we already have sleeves
yes he's trying to give me what my
clothes are I think it's kind of cool
right now it's kind of like a great blue
I like that I'm gonna give a like some
sleeves good thing I was paying
attention I was losing my mind
all right the key is non-toxic so you
get a little bb-8 on your butt that
looks like a diaper yeah it's working
over there chart is setting up the
studio for my tattoo we're have nice
lighting obviously you know we want to
give you guys the best view of this
tattoo that I'm getting oh by the way
this is can you see the blue in my hair
it's really tough but it's in there I'm
kind of digging it it's not that dark
because I didn't leave it in long enough
but I thought it was so I'm kind of
excited about it
and now I'm getting tattoo
I see a studio right here no you're
really professional right now we gotta
make sure your tattoo guns
aka stencils and non-toxic paint good
yeah so of course I'm like oh look
there's like a bunch of you know
different things on here because we
thought doing using stencils would make
it a little bit easier you make you a
the Kings but it's really funny because
it's like really weird things
established and love happy anniversary
this one's even funnier about your
animals bin yeah and then Charles chose
this one so it's gonna be a very
eclectic sleeve that I have which are
you gonna like me better with the
sleeves obviously are you are you gonna
really try is this just gonna be like
you just doing whatever the heck you
want to it I don't believe that
yeah oh really I was thinking it looked
more like we discussed it at New Year's
with Sophie
before nice fresh and clean arms so
bye-bye
here's the crucial part I got to figure
out what I want to do there's a giraffe
there's a camel right now
there's a whale okay so a whale is
definitely a whale is definitely because
there could be a whale they can Bitcoin
they'll install like a blue whale oh
there's a skunk you're getting a skunk
that's not toxic and it comes off with a
simple water but I know that's not
always to go first you're gonna get a
traditional anchor
Wow it came out pretty good your arm can
you imagine if this was like oh yeah
watch the love of us actually know it's
a club for two to four months
potato you know very okay those aren't
they yeah your unibrow son
so with sunglasses that's my girl
I'm nothing it really tickles holy cow
it really tickled beautiful now I'm part
of the way the Kings clan yeah
now you are gonna Wi-Fi boy and it's
just gotta be something else make a deal
I can't get to it if you're doing that
we gotta keep going
seven at the play button we got it
awesome anchor we've got an arrow of
sorts
we got a Wi-Fi what else we got got a
weird eyeball cloud a Sun with
sunglasses I want to call it the
Strangelove heart but it's not it's just
a heart with a narrow smile kid peace
sign what else we got frog where's the
frog frog figure guy now you look pretty
cool with a actual sleeve actually it
kind of fits you like honestly like you
would look cool with this sleeve what do
you think Internet should I would get a
sleeve oh look I haven't really seen it
like what I told you isn't it kind of
cool lots of happiness peace love is a
YouTube logo you are quite the artiste
I know I'm pretty good at this I've got
a Liat tattoo today yeah you want to see
it I'm gonna show you the whole thing an
anchor because he waved me down I was
born in 1987 apparently that's a piece
on it so what do you think should I get
a sleeve now I think it's pretty rad
though you know my favorite one no
actually Internet in the comments I want
you to tell me what your favorite one is
in the comments which one do you guys
like the most the eye the Sun the clouds
the heart smile kid the anchor YouTube
peace sign frog anchor YouTube crown or
stick figure Wi-Fi Wi-Fi oh yeah tell me
in the comments which one do you guys
think and if Ali should get a sleeve I
think it actually looks really I think
it does look good
kindergarten sleep yeah yeah it really
is they can they do to the dogs turn
that way turn that way this is what she
does every night when I'm editing she
gets right here watches the cursor and
all the commotion of the video clips
maybe giving you a bath it might
actually be plausible the way you like
water so much doing that well it's kind
of funny if this thing's turned off what
you'll do now is you come over here and
she go and she'll start hitting it until
you go and turn it on for doesn't come
off it's not permanent but like it's
looks like you you like bruised yourself
see this was purple this is all blue Wow
see look even look at the outline of the
crown I wish I had I wrote mom and I
like now I know yeah that's actually
pretty funny that one's for the record
book yeah there's a permanent tattoo now
you got an old sailor Jerry type of
tattoo right now all right guys we're
gonna go enjoy a Friday evening hope you
guys enjoyed today's video thumbs up for
Ally being a trooper on that even though
it was her idea don't forget to
subscribe yeah welcome to the club
yeah a few to catch up on with me anyway
guys don't forget to subscribe and we
will see us tomorrow as always bye guys
