we'll go outside okay get it do you
gotta get it oh she's like fine just
open up the door you think scheming look
who's over chef Kate is coming to help
making the potatoes making this
delicious like thing that I made for
Christmas think of us last year it's
actually my grandma's recipe it
basically sausage Velveeta cheese and
onions which sounds absolutely terrible
but it's the most incredible thing
you'll ever have in your entire life yep
how to catch the two today and then
we're getting these potatoes already
literally the largest you know ready by
case play Pie Face right so figure it
out
yours Oh No Allie sent me on a mission
to try to find two items and I think I
came back with three items that we're
not on that list they are distracted
what happens is will they put things by
the
my brain just like reacts it doesn't
like they don't think the logic goes out
the freaking door I'll show you what I
mean things like that but I got you this
but I'm not going by one get two free
and then they had this had to checkout
line for $4.99
it was $9.99 with 50% off twice that to
get the batteries
you guys remember Marly loving the
remote-control cars so many times they
can make it go in a circle
this was not a nearly go that fast but
it's a it's a good place start off for
fit night maybe so you don't wanna play
so
what what's wrong with our flame what is
he doing already worth the five bucks
what is she doing with her foot
Marley she keeps like putting a pressure
on and hopping Ali's been hard at work
so does your mom do you see that ham is
sick of that really ham I'm not a hand
fan but I hate that pineapple perfect
then it won't be soaked in ham
there we go what do you want it's the
most wonderful day for Marley he'll be
so Goofy's just wanders around I'm gonna
show you guys a photo I just took with
Zoey while they were doing the whipped
cream thing this is not photoshopped at
all this is actually Zoey's tongue not
photoshopped
she's part gene Simmons it is a dog
party now one two three four and five
let's try to say it five guys this is so
funny you can totally tell are our dogs
the spoiled ones they're in there and
these dogs are out here being dogs you
brought him back
my mom always knocking stuff down
he's been Martha Stewart over here I
know we need to move them over there Oh
other ways hold on Marley pull that back
I'll pull my own way ally is a good job
actually no he's also klutzy that's like
Harley's around here about pizza pizza
you piece of pizza
you guys gonna check this out Chester
the little one does not look like he'd
be a little football player watch this
Chester okay well never mind
well that was short-lived it was great
wasn't he he retired early
down set what fake throw ready catch it
I like the flip though
I'm gonna take this inside you can go
yourself this is what happens there's
like every gathering or family event or
party is that isone I find I find the
dog and I hang out with dog or this case
we have five dogs which is awesome good
ones though Ali asked me so just my new
mission is to get each and every one of
these dogs tired so I'm working on this
one because he is the most energy right
and then this one's already down
Marley's gonna go all day Finley's it
would be the impossible one come on do
better than that buddy okay okay this is
it mustache that was pretty cool dude
three got it
is he finally tired not gonna have that
mission
is it do I want the bone or do I want
this thing that's cold now there's two
of them I just fed everyone first time
in years out and I came over the idea of
getting some go boxes so that way just
like a restaurant that we can actually
unload some of the spirits there's a
pile of refrigerator which is not gonna
happen
tap it out nerds tap it out I think that
was a pretty successful Thanksgiving you
did an amazing job honey
did an amazing job you know it's funny
it's like we got more food than what we
originally started I didn't have any of
your pie yet is it all gone I want to
try it I don't want to know they'll get
it now I'm too full why I'm too full
place Ally's sick right now it's more
like I just hope she's got the sickness
that I had don't really know okay I
guess you know what it's Thanksgiving
you can give you guys a little bit more
today we just wanted to take before that
crazy little intro we just wanted to
take a little moment just to say a
couple things that were reasons why
we're thankful we always try to say to
one another and we're very open with you
guys for all the things that we're
thankful for but I feel like today is
like a special day that we should sit
down and just kind of have a
conversation with you guys and just say
the things we're thankful for what do
you think
obviously I'm thankful for my family and
you and my friends and you guys and I
don't think that we get to say it enough
how thankful we are it sucks that it
takes a day to remind you but I'm
thankful that I do have my family and my
friends here I get to share these
moments with and I'm thankful for my
health and your health and I'm just
thankful I'm just really thankful for
just like such a loving and supporting
group of people in my life for me I mean
I have a lot of things to be thankful
for
first I want to say thankful I'm
thankful for my loving fiance future
wife my family I met her she's cool
family sorry guys I don't feel too good
right now I would like to say little
dick fulfill my health but I don't feel
she's actually sick I think I gave her
the sickness I'm so thankful for you
know my family my health I mean I got
through a lot of shitty situations with
my health and to still be here and
strong I feels very thankful there's
like I mean I had seizures for the
longest time so I'm I'm super thankful
that that's now becoming under passed
but be able to say that I had seizures
now first is saying I have seizures it's
something I'm very very thankful for I
I'm super thankful that you know we the
Kings has been super successful on our
tours or our albums wherever they're at
over there I'm incredibly thankful to be
able to like share our lives with you
guys I think it's just an incredible
privilege that is something to be
cherished and thankful every day I'm
thankful for our three little idiot dogs
our three little idiot jellyfish or our
squirrel that runs around our backyard
we are thankful for you guys I know we
say it all the time and it priced out
that sounds like a broken record
not because it's actually the truth it's
actually how we feel and we just wanted
to say thank you for that we love you
guys so so much and yeah like I said
Ali's sick and we've been up to them for
and
morning last couple days days like this
where it's important for people to stop
with their crazy lives you know put down
a phone put down a computer put down a
computer uh uh yeah actually it was kind
of crazy for me today I actually tried
not to
I tried consciously to not film as much
because I wanted to spend it with my
family that I don't get to see a lot and
I think that was something very
important to me it was hard it was very
hard because I still did it as you guys
got to see and they were thankful for
this man over here
hi there doc what do you think go
forward I am thankful for all of my
friends I am thankful for all of their
families for welcoming me with open arms
for CTFxC that don't know I lost my
mother earlier this year it has been
very very hard all right so I'm very
thankful that I got to live with her
very thankful but I get to share a
family with other people
it's Cali still here yeah Cali over here
oh yeah Callie's here too I mean I'm not
really thankful for what do you think
for buddy I am thanks for my family I'm
thankful for the opportunities that I've
gotten in 2016 that have really we the
King We The Kings opportunity I didn't
feed of that at all okay and stopping
that's really kind of I think help me
tell them what I want to do and stuff
you know music based and write stuff
like that and the friendships that I've
met Warped Tour and stuff and obviously
I wouldn't gotten that opportunity right
thankful for my pumpkin pie yes I like
how these people serve popping out I
don't know who else is in this house
right now we're just popping out trap
bring Kinsley a scooter no we just
wanted to say thank you guys so much we
have you guys had an amazing
Thanksgiving please let us know in the
comments what you guys are thankful for
and what you guys did today and we will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
wonderful day or rest of the day and a
wonderful evening and we'll see you guys
tomorrow sores good night
