all of a sudden you're buckling I still
traffic he smells Travis and of course
he smells Travis it
he was like something smells like dolce
gabbana light-blue in a poopy diaper
that works grandma
google here so grandma is going to help
us make pumpkin pies and coconut cream
pies and then something else today
criminai tell you that we made a pumpkin
pie from scratch and we forgot the
sweetness element of it well the one
that we were supposed to make said that
had maple syrup in it we really
improvise okay you hoping to have dog
treats this is what starts when you have
to deal with medication that's a Class A
or Class whatever the hell it is class
could be possibly math pain from a
single truck so much they got you by the
balls sorry sorry but you don't have you
don't involve everyone
all right boring you okay do this call
my cute little fingers in there already
that's good so in case you're wondering
my grandma's my crust is like the most
crucial part to the entire pipe
this is starting to become a little
lucrative for you guys it's in your best
interest for them to screw up because I
just come here more often
ready great that sounds like a superhero
thing doc that now you have to do is
take little tablespoons of water and it
is just a little bit the grandmas told
us time and time again that's handling
the pipe recipe too much is what ruined
yes really yeah you don't say we're
always trying to learn her way I could
literally just watch these things for
like hours it's so fascinating I wish
had a bigger tank of them jellyfish
heart seriously hooked us up with this
you deserve it today we're gonna make
pies in prison first things first you
gotta make pie with the shank yeah
with prison pies might want to buy quite
a few cartons of cigarettes so you can
trade for your ingredients my cell mate
Big Bertha
she made me my very own handy-dandy wisp
out of a toothbrush bad of a fork
okay that's good I know Graham I'm a
mess I know Graham
third rock and I are heading to Orlando
and then Melissa and Ally are going to
be meeting up with us but this is the
final final Yellowcard tour or no no
show I should say I screwed that up they
wanted this to come because they do an
Ocean Avenue one last time put the back
but before we have to put some air in
the tires right now men we men a little
road trip and then the girls are go
follow they meet up with trav Jenny and
look-ins Lee and I was just showing in
my my lunch
pretty much right now I got nine pills
right there hopefully I get rid of all
those white and orange ones that's why
my goal is always the most difficult
part last year we had an issue where
this pie pans like way too big yeah we
couldn't get the crust or I should say
the pie so just do what we just did yes
we made extra and then we just cut a
piece and put it around the edge last
year trying to like get it all to fit on
there was very very tough and there it
is guys my pie crust and now we have to
actually make more of the pumpkin
filling which this actually looks so
much better than the last one that
Charles and I made that was yellow
because we were missing a lot of key
ingredients but not this time there is
sugar in that bad boy and it is gonna
taste good right learn from us no no you
just say you just ate Verado do you know
what I heard that this comes stick you
just stick it right in your mouth maybe
it'll close up that pie hole
maybe it'll close it up that is a double
yep this is my second double yolk today
let's see this might be the magical
number three I'll put your purchase are
you / - Ellen out hold tight Kim you're
a little bit too antsy to pour that
about milk
continuing a little mandate nerd rock
always wants to go to Tijuana flats even
though he's from Texas and theoretically
he had the best Mexican food ever that's
true tex-mex not in Texas this is where
we went at the end of blog you memory
they ever watched volume entering you
this is where we actually eating and
when it learned lock loved this place
all of a sudden new rock is like Travis
who smells Travis and of course he
smells Travis it he was like something
smells like Dolce Gabanna light blue and
a poopy diaper sure enough and Kinsley
so big now my alkene ching chong it she
was saying world yeah it's got teeth now
she's getting embarrassed and everything
your uncles and bears here and show her
the foot screen oh it's right it's all
about the flip screen oh there she is
Freddie Kenz what's this alright
come back to her
we'll get it eventually
like your daddy eyesight works following
the camera she usually starts talking
when I play some Drake got chicken
you don't guitars get you've seen by God
to help
thank you
so let me explain to you how mr. on my
family is we had our paisan first off
let me show you our pies Kaelin had to
make this crust for wonderful pies yeah
her coconut cream pie again this is my
pumpkin pie and this is Caitlyn's
pumpkin pie and then we're making little
things that you can't see right now but
we're making these little things that
are gonna go on top of them it's okay
it's just painted with the saran wrap
don't judge me I don't know why I'm
playing whispering rap but I walked up
to Kayla and they said Kailyn we want to
see the quickest way to get an instant
facelift the saran wrap it you know I'm
pretty sure that all of you guys are
gonna be like you guys are weed and
that's not funny but it's funny to all
of us instant facelift day two now the
yellow card farewell tour but this time
we have trad Charles just can't let it
go I can't go I just can't let the go
lives are on the way other there
Rudy made everybody look oh look at that
is
oh man however you want to use the
jiggles going to show how to dance
iPhone she's an Android user I guess
there's three you have identified I
don't care who started it everybody goes
outside
we got it there read what happened
you're not impressed but you are so
impressed with your lips Stephanie thank
you for helping the coach coaching Ally
let's go home crazy person since we took
different cars near Drock and I are
venturing off to his favorite pizza
place planet pizza planet pizza mind you
it is 30 minutes north of where we
needed to be it doesn't matter you
travel when there's good pizza downtown
the mess of downtown Orlando what it's
worth
he's got you and I got usual it is now 3
a.m. ooh
she left her pumpkin pie completely
exposed I'm not gonna do it she worked
really hard today I thought I saw I hope
you enjoyed today's video
don't forget to subscribe if you guys
are brand new we will see you tomorrow
so us Happy Thanksgiving
bye guys oh and check out the new
hoodies I keep saying that because I
want to remind you guys because if I
don't I'm going to forget and then I'm
gonna hate myself I'll be a man of
myself I'm looking at myself ok ok I
guess it's like three and a half three
and a half 3:30 in the morning three and
a half in the morning okay I gotta go
bed look at this umm ideal TV star like
yes
