apparently he's coming to the wedding as
well so our special guest is coming for
Thanksgiving mr. new rock himself and
we're trying to get things all taken
care what is so weird I feel like screws
and thumbtacks useless things I think I
don't know if I told you guys about this
but I think I have a long long time ago
well when I was in Middle School it's
really stupid for me to admit this oh
crap I had one of those retainers on the
right lick my teeth and I was eating
corn that was on the computer and I kind
of I don't want to like simulate it just
scares the crap out of me and rather
than getting a toothpick like a normal
human being I put a thumbtack out of the
wall and I went like that and I just try
to use this of too thick and then I got
an anal instant-message if they don't
want you guys remember that thing and I
put in my mouth for some reason thank
God I put it in this way 20 South this
way this is this is truthfully right now
is terrifying me to cut this anywhere
near my mouth and I put it in and you
know would you every once while you have
to have that deep breath we were just
like doing something you just like feel
better about it I did that this was
still my mouth anyway no write down my
freaking throat had it gone this way I
probably would not be here but luckily
it went this way and then a1 got x-rays
and the funniest thing is you could see
this thing in my stomach like it'd be
like right here gonna be here is just
moving around my intestines luckily
going this way and the x-rays are the
funniest thing they have been stolen
they were stolen out of the hospital
they're that cool and that's why I don't
have them anymore otherwise I'll show
you guys right now I think I've told you
guys about the story it's one of the
most embarrassing stories of my life
because it's so so stupid people would
think like how old were you I'm like I
was five but I really wasn't I was
actually in middle school dumb don't
ever recommend doing that stuff is oh no
wait I she knows about the whole
situation
that we're gonna sleep they sleep with
new rock you leave in peace out bro
about any air conditioning on right now
the upstairs is 69 degrees it's
absolutely insane
Knox is about 30 minutes out I have a
book of my medication where you guys wow
it is so weird to be in here and have
complete room and now I want to try to
put the car in here let's go come on
robots clearing so the rock comes into a
nice house I going to go no one all
right that's good
no compliments don't get a couple that's
alright
guess what they still don't have it good
news is though I hear an ice-cream truck
around here so maybe they'll drive by us
oh but they actually had dog treats so
they gave Zoe Miley dog treats so at
least they got something
under strategy dreams oh by the way look
what we have surrounded we just picked
them up
he's been hitchhiking since Texas yes if
we just pick them up yeah Alabama anyway
so we got a new rock for like a week or
so how what do you leave it there we got
your rock for like a month or so so it's
comedian thanks well Thanksgiving we got
an extended family here Rocco it has
been known to rock always comes to our
holiday adventures and if you don't
really really know Murdock was actually
at one point the guitar tech slash
magician for three the Kings for a long
time since like it was 2012 to then 2015
right a long time can I even tell them
for you yeah it's a temporary basis most
it and all that stuff so new rock is the
all-around magician was called a
magician if these are for people that
are your target 24 hours I think I peed
myself I'm not kidding I think anyway
guys right now while Ali piece yourself
we're all driving to the big yellow card
concert in Orlando I just talked to shop
the yellow card I talked to Shawn and he
has given us four tickets set aside so
we can come hang out you guys didn't
know yellow card is actually hanging up
the guitars at the end of this tour
was it good was that good way they're
hanging up their six and nothing
byah are we stringing up the strings for
the violin you said guitar you were
being both there you go except the drums
there's a flat those in the storage
we're going too far anyway it's a last
show in Orlando so we're heading over
there to hang out and just go enjoy some
music we're gonna make this really easy
for you guys I set up a nice little
night lapse time lapse serves me really
beautiful with some beautiful music so
this in the back seat
you should wear one much ease no it's
James all James all James I'm driving
and I wear a hat I go budget
this is a new thing those are all drones
Wow yes you love maverick for it this is
insane oh wait now it's gone other glue
constellations drones what can't they do
I want a drone to make me a sandwich we
probably could do that eventually this
could be the new generations firework
the girls problems already here we've
gotten in right there come on Melissa
focus so shown in the guys hooked us up
with some VIP passes to be the wander
around could be a fun night
what does that even mean our magic
carrots
what am i visit 24 magic carats is that
a song and I'm just like so old I don't
know what it is man the myth the legend
how you feeling man
good you know one more show tomorrow
right yeah for the US and then you're
all over Europe right yeah and then the
Monday after Thanksgiving we fly to
Russia
none of our riders believe so make sure
you guys it's not not too late if you're
overseas go see yellow card we'll have
five shows in March oh there we go
I love go such a lot and a lot the end
that's the end
he's just misinformed he didn't know
Sean and I are kind of friends and books
were ok you're planning a wedding you
don't have time for me right exactly
I do appreciate you being here in
special
so apparently yeah forgot to tell you
about this ryan's apparently taking my
sister your brother's taking my sister
everyone's fighting over rights with you
right now
apparently he's coming to the wedding as
well
oh you're buying two dinners yeah I
guess I guess so
I can't take them anywhere
can't take him anywhere oh dear Drock
thank god you're here I'm drunk I'm
drunk I had a lot of drink tonight I
remember on tour like every time we try
to get nerd drug drunk it was almost
impossible well if you gave him like one
beer he was done it was like getting an
eight-year-old child drunk
that's what nerve rocks like yeah three
things and then the shot looks like we
have to come back here tomorrow because
Ryan and Sean are demanding that we come
back tomorrow for the final final show
in the States and then they're over
seeds I'm not drunk I swear I'm just
cold I'm freezing overseas overseas
overseas like apple seeds pumpkin seeds
obviously overseas so we thought you
were say goodbye this is last time but
they're like no you guys gonna come
tomorrow so if you're gonna be at the
yellow card show tomorrow we'll see you
there you made a couple people today -
it was really nice we saw Josiah oh that
was the other cool thing yes it's all
Josiah
but if you guys don't know who he is he
was with Luther King's photographer
before Frankie years ago and there's
some old vlogs with Josiah being silly
yeah what do you feel had his little
Jedi Jed I think no longer has grown
Jedi he cut it right after that tour
where I used to grow in Jedi now he's
what is it called
who's got the force bottle rockets
outside the bus yeah the window was open
on the tour bus leaves lighting bottle
rockets output outside the bus the
dumbest thing in the world but it was
really funny I can't I don't know what
the vlog is that was thing in the world
but it was really funny you know what I
didn't film it but you know how like we
always we go anywhere
get off on that scored only place we
didn't that's really shockingly that one
in like Starbucks that always been off
every single time it happened again I've
got the film in the cup where are you
going hey Zoey I'm over here hope you
guys enjoyed today's video don't forget
to subscribe and actually don't forget
to go check out the brand new Hoodie
that's on sale CTFxC merch DICOM links
down there in the description it's
limited stock so first come first serve
so if you really want to get one I get
it now because they'll probably sell out
anyway I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always have a good night oh yes
