a complete recalls entire house the
internet literally killed the question
okay let's do this varley's got her
assless chaps get gold that's all we had
for Marley right now she's not very
fashionable this year so he's got a
little FDR blanket on Zoey
you don't have anything on Marley want
to keep wearing that stupid thing or do
you want to wear an actual sweater
actually can't find it funny this he's
walking around in a Santa suit Oh see
that's why the assless chaps work for
you know out we're kicking it off here
we go what's better here's a fun thing
guys the other day I was like converting
all my hard drive space on the Drobo and
I found this this photo right here of
Marley I think was 2009 and Marley and
how chunky she was you were chunky
remember all the dog walks doggy diets
you are like a million you guys wanted
to see something pretty crazy this is
what happens when we travel for like two
months straight we just have like this
mess that Marley likes to lay on
good job Mar it's only clean or not it's
not now going to the phone today's gonna
be an exciting day because we're doing
like a pretty much a what are we doing
with a complete rehaul this entire house
it's made it up so we're gonna get it
it's like remove it again we're gonna go
to u-haul we're gonna take all this
stuff out of here and get that we got a
UH like a storage unit we're all gonna
put why are you opening it you're gonna
take him a golf cart there and we're
gonna do that and then we're gonna do
the office finally and then also today I
forgot to let you guys know at the end
of this video the brand new hoodie we
just released a brand new hoodie and
because you guys don't like pre-orders
so much what we did with this one so be
there for the holiday season you guys
don't have it for Christmas is that it's
limited stock though if you go to CTFxC
merch calm the new hoodie right there
Dean is going to be available this your
rig is your rig over here can I come in
unlock its part about your door that
works too okay let's do this
I had to make up with like some sort of
excuse to why like I'm not driving and
she's driving like oh yeah you know the
DMV just takes so long that's slightly
embarrassing so Ali is driving the rig
I'm so interested to see how you're
gonna park this guy later oh this is way
too much space
well good thing if it's done in like one
trip that's one that's good news
and now begins our storage wars that
painted the walls did you notice that
everything just got painted if you guys
were curious on what's actually in these
blue totes these things called starting
lineups I used to collect these things
like crazy like ken griffey jr. right
here
classic doubles so if any of you guys
like starting lineups I think it's my
Mickey Mantle one down there is Johnny
Damon
I was so CD as a kid like this I used to
put the price of what they were worth
and if they're rookie cards or rookie
starting lineups and everything on this
and such was it you know I bought these
things like oh these would be worth
money sometime it actually gone down
human the internet literally killed the
collector Johnny Depp
tried them guy bench sorry well you ever
wonder like your life but if you step
back and look at the things that are in
your house and just like where does all
this junk come from it's it's weird the
things you look human is your marketing
helmet this thing at first off does
anyone remember what this thing is
I think eighties kids know probably what
this is and then I flipped it up and
look at this it's that old PlayStation
but look at its old Nintendo
Entertainment System the one that
started it all all right you go back to
helping Ella oh my god here
this is insane guess what the last game
was before I retired this that was that
plan yeah I'm gonna pretend like that
was it that was the Lion King
let's see Stu Nick I think we need to
call a museum is this sloppy meters
it's a band I remember this man Wow yeah
this is okay it was actually funny about
this there was a website a long time ago
where you can buy bootleg concerts and
it's before like you know YouTube or
anything on the Internet so he would buy
these VHS tapes of these bootlegs and
that's how I got a Fi ones on our VHS
tapes I'm gonna find those I'm gonna
show ya like seriously that's what you
would do you buy these at boo legs
literally boo legs and I have a few of
these old bands like good good riddance
I'm a fi slot commuters I think I might
even have a yellow card somewhere there
I'll look for that actually insane right
there now that just shares it on the
freakin phone like obnoxiously everyone
takes videos on their phone to a point
to where that's almost annoying getting
their boobies so nice not having this
little bit of stuff just in the garage
taking up space I was telling Ali you
know like that was it a show called
storage world where you buy a unit
that's like abandoned and then what if
we what's in the unit you actually get
and I was saying that like whoever would
buy ours would probably be so
disappointed all we got like a stamp
all we got is like paint like cock
holiday stuff
I know that's pretty dumb but I feel so
accomplished right now right now I'm
just getting all these stupid leaves
into blowing into the garage and we go
big this is
I forgot how big this place was now that
we wanted to junk in here so we've got a
little bit of other things give it up
and I feel good
then maybe we can finally build
something for that and finally bring the
car in the garage where it's rightfully
it's supposed to be something was on my
head this plastic it's okay so we're
gonna get rid of this and then this is
Christmas stuff so we're keeping that
we're gonna organize this stuff but holy
crap if we if my car was small like
Ally's we could probably put the golf
cart and Ally's car in here can we can
we fit that in there
I bet you we could fit both of us in
there may be a tight squeeze but I bet
you could I think the garage pales in
comparison to this I rather go dig a
giant hole in incomplete dirt in mud
well everything you want to see how I
fold though you can do the retail folds
I can do that you leave through the
basket or it puts it on top of his
dresser and he doesn't put it away now
I'm not your mother
I'm throwing a good bus now does their
grown-ass adults keep changed out a
little hoodies coming out tonight so
that's good yeah that's that's the
positive and then we got other cool
things coming out too eventually those
are taking a little longer though
and it's gone yep of course excuse me
ma'am
so you're the only good dog you're the
only good dog bad dog bad dog
so I confiscated this little jacket from
Zoey and I was always wearing the
Christmas sweater even though it's only
November I don't know why I love that so
much kick that grass kick that grass
there you go
Caitlyn I have like multiple layers home
and we gotta get started you know
they're so gold but it's so nice like it
actually feels finally like fall/winter
which I highly doubt that it's actually
gonna say and I can tell the dogs like
it but they're not used to it cut the
grass gets wet so they kind of do this
like tiptoe with their paws on the grass
it's pretty funny they're starting to
put the iSchool lights up on the trees
and then they do this all the way down
Beach Drive
canta Claus comes they have actual
mailbox where kids can go they like
little stairs that walks up to this big
mailbox and kids write their notes to
see applause now this is the room I feel
that has been done 45 million times
since we moved in here I'm gonna try it
one last time we have like 30 people
coming here and I need to make it a
little bit more presentable so that way
if people wander in here it doesn't look
embarrassing oh by the way my beard is
just so bad because I still I still have
the stupid beard smell from the
yesterday's video if you didn't know
what we did yesterday one it was fun but
it got out of control really fast so
I've been like smelling whipped cream
constantly the worst part is I can't
shave my beard until what is it
twenty-something 21st so I got like how
many more days until December 1st okay
like what nine more days or something
like that and then I get to shave this
thing for now
stop talking and delaying yourself
Charles I'm in a weird substance out
what is going on whatever screw it you
know I'll use this as a way to go get my
medicine you guys wanna go take a little
stroll to get my medicine I'm sorry for
waking you up I'm freezing I forgot
about how cold it gets in Florida I know
I know the whole Florida thing
but I think it literally is like 50
degrees right now well just like last
time when all the way over here and they
didn't have my medication ready but Zoey
Marly are getting a bunch of compliments
right now hey Katja get the bed huh so
he's like simmer down simmer down he's
doing what Zoey does at 3:00 a.m. all
the time just gives a certain burst of
energy
listen diesel me put my head in your
face
this one would of do I gotta put my head
in your mouth it's our sign of trust now
my hot date
you have spinach your teeth I'll smile
no I don't think so
and some boy eating spinach that's why I
asked that we're treating ourselves for
such hard work today and I've gotta cook
by having a delivery guy they come
lately I'm a hurry yes
yeah there's a p-value rarely go out BJ
just go Holly likes to cook so much and
I like to eat what al cooks so I'm just
like I'm cool with it
I've eaten dog food too when I go out to
eat this is what I get every single time
the seltzer water and cranberry his on
fancy like that so much sugar mom I just
paid for dinner I did one of those that
was the Geico commercials the Gator arms
really the brand new hoodies are out
right down right now so make sure you
hit that link down beat low it's good
night
