all the way it's on there there we go
Ellie looks like Miley Cyrus right there
yeah I'm schooled like a Gruber happy
friendsgiving guys today is the special
day it's November 20th so a couple cool
things have happened my friend
Olga's birthdays today and the actual
birthday of Strangelove
the last album we did last year for
we're the kings the release so it's the
birthday it's the one-year birthday of
Strangelove and we're going to Ali's
friends friendsgiving
you have no idea what that is it's
basically Thanksgiving before
Thanksgiving with all your friends this
is another excuse to eat a lot more food
and these are all people that you guys
have not met before well I haven't met
prior like 80% of these people and
they're all from my little job at
overhead so I'm like super super excited
they're all really close friends and
family to me so it's been awesome these
giant
not like cameras he's very oh there you
go really good boy yes because I am I
know
sorry Luke salutations I'll show you
guys some photos that I've not seen a
pally with bangs yes since super tan Ali
looks like Miley Cyrus right there oh my
gosh it's crazy these are all of my like
really good friends from overhead a new
generation of overhead yeah we got Miss
Sophie over here Lauren that's a pretty
burn marshmallow making s'mores trying
to Cali keep shocking everybody he keeps
like when you get off like a trampoline
shocking everybody yeah that's terrible
I don't you to my friends so far in
Venice in that very dramatic Charles by
the way there's a pool back here that's
what it's too scared oh look at that
perfect
neither eyes
it's a lot faster dollars he got off
trying to get out of the way
really what's your holiness meet you so
I basically just did of a favor when I
was driving it in that lady just looks
so pissed off I just did this so you
didn't have to do it on the coal-hole
her help I bring events play yeah I'm
school like a grouper oh I like this
Sasquatch pizza wait where do we wasn't
it and see how tall or something she
looks like remember what pizza had had
big for pizza
that can you just hold my nuts welcome
to game day Sunday or challenge Sunday
whatever you want to call this today we
are doing something that we've done in
the past a rendition of what we done by
face
yeah it's Pie Face challenge but this is
like um this is the paiace showdown yeah
it's like you're dueling against each
other what happens is you get this
button it goes that way goes that way it
basically the most kids pie to the face
yeah officer person gets fighting face
yeah I think this week's been a tough
week so we're just ready to smash some
whipped cream into each other's face
when he's like a counter they got a BP
beef why don't we just everybody say go
okay we can do that ready go
oh okay screw this thing we're taking
that on pick it off the safety
no this Dan I've won that - you did oh
that's such I got it whether I wanna
reset this take this off Dale
we're gonna take those guys off now it's
a little bit more challenging
one two let's just all that me one does
not the cleanest game definitely isn't
how about this how about this how about
this what each asks each other like a
trivia question so if I ask you one and
you ask me one they come here right they
get their movie like if you get wrong
I'm gonna go with that one two three
I think we put too much on and I can't
forget why I go it's not as easy as it
looks this game is definitely not as fun
as the first one green so I get to go
yeah
what is my favorite color purple room
dear okay I like whipped cream did you
play this with our family you can do on
Thanksgiving I feel like the other one
that flung it back harder it did one too
you keep cheating
oh one two yours is not calibrated
correctly what I've been losing so bad
I've been getting smashed in the face of
this stuff for a while
smack in the face you guys don't know
game I'm not gonna lie this event sucks
I don't know if you guys are noticing
the mess we're creating right now no cos
you smacked me in the face I know what
you're gonna do we're that strong it's
not good off it's calibrated I wonder if
you did it the other way if it would
like fling it more oh that's right
I can just imagine if I was younger and
I was playing it it only can go this
this way though I'm not going to the
other side this is the most myth what
the crap this game sucks but it's it's
fun minute sucks what is the name of my
first dog Sam nope
wait do you get to do that yeah I get to
go on cuz you better all
it was my first dog yep see now now
we're overstepping our balance here
no but you I got on my new shirt
I don't even lose winning right now I
feel like everyone's losing because L
just like believing all of our stress
upon each other look that up what
happened to me when I was in pre-k you
do you're not gonna get it
you got your pigtails bullet nope uh a
redhead kid named Johnny pushed me out
the jungle gym and I fell on Tuesday so
why does it work right there he works
like that
done that's stupid everyone all right
all right when I was in elementary
school what happened to me when I was
playing kickball you got him the hey
snowball nope I bit my tongue put a hole
right through it we don't really I don't
think you've ever suspect anything
all the way it's on there there we go
one one son of a B one I love our 30
year olds playing this game like we're
on I feel like we're gonna be decent
parents I don't know what the score is
anymore I don't think you're like just
dis for fear frustration I'm just ready
to win up I'm frustrated I'm ticklish
this is how we're gonna guys joseline
I'm inviting this week this is how we
handle our fights you do that life's not
this game is as fun as the first game No
what's the first one it's a roulette
right it's like you don't know what's
gonna happen
what is my least favorite drink Julie's
favorite drink that has never come up
with a conversation what is my favorite
drink least one drink is milk shake yeah
that's true but that was like their
entire you switch it was riveters I
don't know your first year are you
kidding
this this time is deducting I don't know
three more alright guys well I think I
need to go take a shower now and we have
to clean up this milkshake we hope you
guys enjoyed us torture yourselves
shoving ready whipped into our face and
my fiance Charles oh I've been doing
what he just did I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
and please let us know more games and
challenges we could do for every Sunday
we're gonna try to do if you guys liked
this video please hit the like button
yes let us know if you want us to do
more of these weird this was definitely
one of the film challenges I think but
it was still a fun challenge so I will
see you guys or we will see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe and hit the like button and
have a great night guys bye guys
