so barley gave it a fire yeah cuz I went
out to go walk with the dogs cuz Ali's
taking diesel to her mom's house because
we're gonna do a little puppy sitting
today and we still haven't introduced
diesel and the little puppy yet and we
want to do that kind of on a nine
shocking way just like you don't cook
like what the girls we do the same thing
and they've kind of gradually got used
to it so we're kind of eventually gonna
do that but since we're gonna be puppy
sitting I'm a little dog sleep over I
decided to walk the dogs to kill some
time while I was doing that and in the
meantime I locked myself out at the
freakin house I locked the door realized
I didn't have my keys I had my camera
where like my phone would be and my keys
would be and I just noticed that those
batteries dying too so I have serious
medicine head right now I can't believe
I locked myself out alright come on
really you all tangled up I don't even
know how you get like this sometimes
there's only two of you probably like
ten years ago when I would lose like
keys or locked myself on the house I
would ask my neighbor to use their phone
I could just call somebody but now it's
kind of crazy to think about what
society Hey no one remembers anyone's
phone number and B I think that's kind
of weird because most people don't even
have landlines anymore so I think when
you go over and ask somebody use their
phone it becomes like a weird thing
because you're asking people use their
personal cell phones and for some reason
people have more of like a I don't know
what it is I have like a very weird
reaction you ask somebody to use their
cell phone to make a call
most people now everyone I don't but
I've just noticed that it's like
interesting because like we're more
connected than ever in the history of
humans but we're more isolated at the
same time weird right
that just blow your mind I actually
shouldn't say that I don't know
everyone's phone number because that
would actually make me a terrible
boyfriend / fiance so I should future
husband Alys is probably the only one I
remember it's just so easy
oh and if you just figured that out so
by reading my mouth
you are pretty amazing and hey Joey
straight to Zooey guess we're going to
be puppy-sitting she's all fancy yeah I
was rescued oh and we got little can we
say his name yet
wait so his official name now give me
Rhett trippy and his Instagram is so
it's captain Finlay see he's got he's
got his own Instagram you're got a name
now oh you still gotta figure that out
don't you are we best friends yet
oh well trying to figure this out he's
desperately trying to bang Zooey friends
Zoey you know that gold lady growl that
you do to Marley all the time he's so
desperate to be friends with her though
I think secretly she likes him I'm glad
you got a name now Finley I like that or
should I say I'm sorry captain Finlay
yeah captain Finlay we got Captain
Wiggles over here not at captains and
then I'm a captain like Charles Paul
trippy CPT huh you liked playing that
way I think he's just gonna start
enjoying the way they play them Zoe it's
kind of funny I think like Zoe's always
been just annoyed her entire life like
Marlee when I got Marlee she just
annoyed the crap out of him that's why
she always growls that Marlee all the
time and now Marlee just takes it as is
and she's just like okay whatever now
Finley is doing the same exact thing so
like Zoe's gonna keep growling at him
and he's just gonna be like oh whatever
let me tell how far I just put my head
in your mouth I think Marlee does I
thought maybe Zoe and Finley can bond
over the laser but she's the puppy right
now so she still wants to play with it
he's just like no don't look for food
he's got the mentality of Marlee Zoey's
still got the little simple brain the
permanent puppy brain I always thought
you'd outgrow this dude never has
I don't know if he's ever gone on stairs
let me be clear this is it kind of funny
like Zoey's 10 and she still does with
that little 8 week puppy this still got
the same brain when I worked in college
at a movie theater I get home at like 3
a.m. and I had zoey at that age and I
always feel bad because I couldn't walk
around at night because it wasn't wasn't
quite it was safe but I wasn't quite
safe so I just got like a little $10
laser pointer and just went out back and
just ran her back and forth back and
forth I've got a really tired just like
how about he mr. Finley is exhausted
because we're about to go get some Sun
and look at Zoe she's passed out too so
it's it's a good exercise it kind of
messes with her brain a little too much
I feel like I've permanently broke Zoey
cos watch okay start here there you go
you broken puppy you're so broken but I
love you so much
but we're discovering Finley is very
good at his ups not cooling it down oh
so we just need to put something on
there he's he's this is like him batting
Marlee when she was a puppy
I know how to beat all I know how to win
this game family I had a Marlee so let's
just have a little guesstimate on how
long he stays in that little that little
King shop area could be out by by the
time I finish this sentence
you know what was funny those he's got
some ups and then he climbs
I want to set the inch TV so oh my god
oh I could go dad so I walk in and this
guy mmediately gives me this thing feels
like some sort of like puzzle or riddle
or something is it that thing over there
is it like nothing is it knives
announcement I think it is I figured it
out I got a paring knife we got to get a
pair of so I can pair it
okay what's good
I got an estimation to take that off the
registry now $5 value babe babe I feel
like it's kind of funny they just hand
out weapons right now
they literally just handed out weapons
free weapons that ready come on in do
you want a stalk of Brussels sprouts
this does smell like Brussels so they're
now giving away the free gift
I guess the lady must have like everyday
minded way like 20 minutes early so I go
up there and just on people be like I
already got mine they're gonna giving a
pair again watch the giving you like a
better paring knife or a pair of paring
knives popcorn machines this is
literally the biggest bag of like corn
kernels I've ever seen it looks like
feed like we know like cow feed are you
literally getting that yeah what the
hell are we gonna do with that I just
want you guys know that was a total
sarcasm on my side but I'm really
thinking of these being on it what are
you doing they actually pumped up
popular machines into the vents of the
air conditioning so that's why you guys
always want popcorn to remove the smell
it's good popcorn you know such a weirdo
I really thought you were gonna get that
okay you know how much I love chocolate
covered almonds holy balls look how big
shut up the Dillman really messed up now
in his Hershey bars and another candy
company got nailed years ago for a slave
children slave not trading but like
labor way to dampen the mood my friend
do the research you can see what I'm
talking about is really messed up and I
know it was like her she's number one
can't remember the others so you guys
have to research this but it was pretty
screwed up like it was like you know you
know we're about the coca the cacao
cacao accounts the cacao beans uh and
it's really screwed up when you really
you're so fancy you know that cacao be
the cow cow say it really really fast
say it really loud and pasture cow holy
cow holy cacao cacao Batman well where
are you taking me we ever got to go to
the Fremont rolls yeah I know you told
me that we got to go see the troll cacao
and he escaped or is he where he needs
to be no I see two dogs how did you
escape
how did you escape how did you do it
Houdini little Houdini oh I see okay you
did what I thought you were gonna do you
pushed underneath the bottom that makes
sense
you're supposed to be watching I'm
pretty impressed though good job buddy
 me puppies puppies puppies puppies
puppies I need an adult off regulate man
people he talks to me
such a doofus still Melissa should have
called you do this or ding-dong
there you got it
cute done oh hi is this horse now I know
I have my white one out there oh my gosh
I know still will always be it's cool
they're fun can I walk up to her at the
altar like this no three I bet you
there's been brides that walked up
okay he's not a fan of cows we got it
you watch this week apps and get you
watching cats okay I won't tell anyone
except I told everyone I told everyone
yeah you bet you're embarrassed just
being able the cutest thing in the world
now
Zoe come here you were so good are you
guys bonding over the freakin laser
pointer take a bow peace there's an open
I like it smells yeah hey stinky you
don't like it no that's my pizza good
boy don't forget to subscribe you guys
are brand new and go check out Melissa's
channel so you can have more of mr.
captain Finlay I'll go get his Instagram
- so I'll see you guys tomorrow bye it
dog vlog
