you're an asshole look at me somebody
category though yeah unknown I would go
today with the sickness I feel like
that's the start of the cold it's like
the tickle we're gonna go get some
medicine I don't feel like crap I'm just
like more it's an annoyance it's kind of
drives me crazy it's just a good trip
that's disgusting I know what it sounds
like just fingers crossed guys hopefully
my body
can conquer this that's ending
right now I do not want to go through
what Charles went through a few days ago
I took out our carpet the great carpet
that was right here and I put it
underneath that just try something a
little bit different I'm not sure if I
really like it though I can't tell if I
like this huge open space what do you
think Dee is very very very very
productive last night very proud of
myself but I cleaned all of this I don't
know if you guys remember or even saw it
yesterday it was pretty nuts like this
was folded up this was over here there's
a ton of crap over here was I organized
mmm follows the game stuff and put all
the game console stuff in there it
doesn't look great but it's a lot better
than what it was today we have to
actually work on this because Charles
put this up a while ago and it fell down
obviously and now there's a giant hole
in the wall and we need to go ahead and
get something to fix that because we
need our towel rack back up that's just
hanging out right there
hey it's nerd rock is gonna be here I
wanted to make sure I got this bad boy
I'll clean all new sheets that I've had
in the past 24 hours
I gotta make sure I'm like oh my god I
really think I might've just peed myself
a little bit you're an asshole
give me some like categories do like
hearing No
at anytime she look at me a heifer Peck
like totally away from her every time
she looks at me and I'm about to do
something or like you try to throw water
at me in the shower she knows I know
she's smart you're smart girl aren't you
she gives away every print every print
is spoiled
right so one thing that I need so much
so weird
I love being scared and I love scary
okay and I love scary movies and things
of that sort but that I hate that oh my
gosh it makes my heart drop I think just
so we did the same thing I did the other
day look at her oh she's just snuggling
in there Marley mmm ready to go get us
some new medication no no no I'll let
you stay here you look like a happy pup
on top of being sick last couple days I
had some issues with YouTube and they're
fixing it so if you were wondering why
yesterday's video was late it was
because I was on the phone with them and
they were help correcting a couple
things on top of being sick I've been
stressing myself out trying to figure
out all the situations with videos
luckily YouTube's being awesome and
they're helping us out and I just wanted
to show you this I thought this was kind
of funny magic water bottles because
we're both getting sick it's sad and
cute at the same time it's about they're
part of homies always good to test the
paint baby can you test the paint no I
guess you can't how are these people
testing the paint I want to do a little
glitter shine
no that's kind of cool just glitter
that's actually really kind of cool
hi does this count as like tagging I
just tagged this thing I'm as good as
this person no but mine has glitter so
mine is already the coolest one here but
I remember when I was a kid they had
markers and for some reason some kids
always thought it was really funny to
smell markers and get high off of like
what I only know that was getting high I
guess some dudes just getting dizzy
awful smelling like really hard markers
like the black sharpie markers
I guess there's a way to combat that
they made smelling markers so basically
the kids were still smelling markers and
they actually promoted smelling markers
because they tasted like or smelled like
watermelon and grapes even as a kid I
thought it was hilarious that you see
all these kids smelling murders so what
they did was not tell the kids to stop
smelling markers but just capitalize on
it and just made smelly markers I've
sealed my own fate all the glitter now
god I'm so stupid
that's one coming out no one's paying
attention well she's always more this is
a baby she always is like the tough
cookie and then what something else
happens you know there's a little bit
got the big ol baby
it's always so tough with everything
else yeah you're all you need a coke
yeah that's Marley's so now Zoe's not
only the cool dog on the golf cart but
she's the cool dog on the golf cart
dressed as a turtle you're slow turtle
come on mark don't make me hug that horn
and look who we found
look at these those little muscle shirt
is that Snoopy on it really diesel
you're so gangster can I get your number
back you mocking the fact that you don't
have to walk just throw in the back they
would you put it well I'll just put on
the back just lift my head put it on my
head just a sudden stop it I get whacked
in the back with it I've kind of had a
pretty rough day today as far as the
backend of things come on turtle you're
tripping up I've had I'll do a lot of
grown-up adulting type of stuff and it's
just been very stressful as far as like
homeowners insurance and and my
insurance which is astronomical given
what has happened to me in the past I
had to make sure I had the best auto
insurance even though I don't drive a
car I still have auto insurance
basically I was a doll tick all day
today and it was incredibly stressful so
I haven't been really able to do
anything fun which just pisses me off
because I hate adulting basically I
wanted to do so many more things given
that it's a Friday but no I had to
pretend like I was an adult today I hate
being an adult so much that I call being
an adult adulting right got it done but
I did get some cool news is that we are
able to announce not quite yet or very
soon in a couple days the new with the
kings tour dates if you guys didn't know
next year early next year we're gonna be
going on tour we the kings 10-year
anniversary tour and we're gonna be
playing the first album front to back
and then you know other songs here and
there but it's going to be so much fun
I'm really looking forward to it the
tour dates aren't quite out yet I don't
think they've actually finalized them
but I just kind of got like a rough
draft of it and it's we're coming a lot
of places yeah not exactly the most fun
day today but that's that's daily videos
I mean sometimes my life is super boring
I think it's a rabbit
okay now life is getting kind of cool
hold on though so you guys can see the
rabbit if you watch carefully you can
see it little hopping around come on Zoe
stop it knocking me over the top it's
something that's kind of cool I like
seeing rabbits what was the same before
we get distracted by cue rabbit I think
that's kind of like what it is with the
the videos it's kind of like a curse and
a blessing you get to do amazing things
and get to do and see things and you get
to share those all those memories but
some days you're just like you're you're
like I said earlier you're adulting I
hate to say the word over and over again
and some of those days are just this is
really uncomfortable zone
that's weird Zoe I know you just want
that off your nose but it's very awkward
I just get stuck in all this crap and
it's very frustrating because I've kind
of had a crappy day today I guess the
positive though is that I was able to
scare the crap out of Allie that's
always a positive so that was kind of
like a brief up and then I just know
tomorrow's gonna be a lot better so I'd
always look till tomorrow I was trying
to look at the positive things as much
as I can because if you always look at
the negative it'll just bring you down
and then you get stuck in this pit of
like despair and it's disgusting this I
never want to be a part of that because
I've had friends that were like that and
it was just miserable being around them
so I always like to talk about a little
bit more positivity in these videos and
that way somebody's like kind of having
a crappy day you know maybe you guys are
having a different kind of crappy day
than I am and you can see that we're all
having crappy days sometimes and that
we're all human you know it happens
whatever you got to shake it off you
gotta brush it off right brush your
shoulders off what the rap song says
Marley your dress is up
you're showing your bike come on she's
definitely the rabbit and so he's
definitely the turtle put your butt down
what's this mark we got some new
additions to the house we used to have
pet jellyfish but unfortunately we
learned something the hard way
apparently jellyfish are compiled was it
90% water I think was like 90% water and
they say shrink if they're like I don't
know if stress they start shrinking
that's what happened to otters so
shrinking and then when well you know we
don't know why they were stressed but
they were stressed and then one absorbed
the other they absorb each other they're
weary little creatures the company
jellyfish art actually sent us three
more little guys so we have to name
three more for the past month or two we
just had this empty tank just like in
the corner over there
we've got a tank of water just like
going constantly but now we're gonna
have three jellyfish and you guys have
to name them because our last names were
Clark was Fork and Patrick the Patrick
it was a jellyfish from Sponge Bob I
can't remember it either yeah it's all
up to you guys and then the number one
thumbed up ones here in the comments
that'll be the official way to do this I
guess the only way you could really
cheat on that is if you have multiple
accounts of YouTube and just came and
liked your own comment I don't know
hopefully you guys have good ones
everyone else likes them that one's huge
I feel like this one's gonna eat this
one I'm a little worried right here is
instant baby brine shrimp so this is
live shrimp right here and it looks like
kind of like a hot sauce and it's
probably pretty risky having it no this
is shrimp too we have this kind of
shrimp weather that's what they eat so
it's kind of risky probably having them
up there next to the chick-fil-a sauce
apparently we have I guess your whore
alleys forwarding it over there you know
we should do we should have a Q&A with
Marley right now until the Q&A with
Marley mark Wow what's your favorite
color
who's your best friend okay I get it
what's your favorite food not really
didn't know that but I get not mean
what's your favorite away from you ask
the question what's your favorite
get away from me that's the question
what's your favorite what's your
favorite okay what what's your favorite
movie one two or three oh really okay
any other questions
Zoey's just like up derp derp derp what
you want to see the internet I think
they love you too
okay yeah not you I get that
come on oh there they go oh that's so
cool
no guys I know they look like way too
big for this but this is not you know
that this is exactly the size I suppose
yeah this is perfect
look how happy they are
this little piggy would work you this
little piggy went wee-wee-wee Oh gross
look at the little princess over there
no look a little princess after being
all sassy earlier anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and we
will see you guys tomorrow zoe's bye
guys
