don't know if that's water or smut
hello guys as you can see I'm feeling a
little bit more to myself I'm moving
around which is better than yesterday
still sound a little cold like my voice
and I don't know I feel a little bit
better yesterday I was out of it I was
just completely done I couldn't like
keep my head open and my head open I
came to speak right now I couldn't keep
my eyes open with my head up so I'm
trying to find my shoe where's my other
shoe today took some medicine now right
now I'm just trying to get some oh by
the way look I got the new shirt we just
released it but this is from Washington
DC we're all riding bikes but a cool
thing about this is this is actually on
my birthday so this is essentially like
my birthday shirt I guess you can call
it all the way we released the white one
right here which I really liked you my
favorite is getting so freakin big right
now I'm sure you guys have noticed I've
been doing No Shave November I do it
like every year so this is like the 9th
181 and we've been doing consecutively
so what's been killing me it's been
killing me I got to go to the Apple
store right now and take something back
because we got the new MacBook Pros but
I ordered the wrong one and I just
looked and they have it available so I'm
gonna switch that out I got my homeboy I
just say homeboy just it I said that
that works at the Apple Store he's
always been helping me out this is still
healing really well still hurts like
crap right now our house is a complete
and utter disaster we've got our fort
well it's not really a fort obviously
but this is how we dry our comforters
working on a few projects over there
it's so much have to do for our special
guest nerd rock comes next week and
we're gonna have Thanksgiving at our
house so we're having a lot of like
chars family over so I'm trying to get
everything like cleaned up and put
together and doing all that fun annoying
stuff that you have to do you don't ever
want to do any like super procrastinate
to get done I'm gonna try and get as
much cleaning up around here done so
that we
to worry about that or he doesn't at
least here's also something bad
I've already started getting Christmas
stuff I'm a huge procrastinator I've
told you guys this with absolutely
everything so last year Christmas I had
like no Christmas facts I didn't have
anything and I wanted to make sure that
this year I did jump and quickly and got
all of that before it was all gone I
know it's kind of like a stupid thing to
spend your money on but I like it when I
can get a gift for like a friend or a
family member and they're just so
excited about it and it brings them so
much happiness that's a huge thing for
me it's such a good feeling I don't care
about gifts for myself I just like doing
it for other people
Charles is the same way so we're trying
to make sure that this Christmas is just
a really really big Christmas for our
friends and our family especially our
families because we're gonna be married
next year and this is our last Christmas
as quote/unquote single people if that
makes sense
so we really just want to make it some
memorable one and we're gonna try and do
that this for all of our games are I had
no idea
clover games in here ah there they are
I was always dating to be up here get
out of it yeah yeah in the light of how
crappy today was I did get this the
other day I got the new MacBook Pros so
that way I can start making these vlogs
a little bit faster or editing a little
bit faster you got the wrong one
luckily I got it fixed open boxing time
everyone who's nerds like these open
boxing's open boxing I have no idea
they're the only thing about looking
forward to this is that they got rid of
all the stupid adapters oh that's nice I
got the slate black because it's much
kuna it's so much cooler it's so much
smaller too how bad would that be if I
dropped it right now holy crap
oh my gosh it's so tiny what I'm really
interested is this whole touch bar thing
yes do they ever do the F function keys
right here
and they have this oh they just turn it
on by accident
I did apparently this is like a whole
scrollbar thing which I don't get I
think it's like a novelty but you know
it's whatever it's Apple there they
built their empire on novelties and they
get me every time every single time and
they will forever give me for those
things I have it transferring everything
from this computer to this computer
hopefully that way but 787 or ninety
things to do what do you want to do no
what do you want to do I'm dr. Zoe yeah
I wouldn't have anyone until I ask you
then when we ask him so a good thing I
can't spill I literally can't smell a
thing oh boy can you program the
computer for me I feel a little bit
better like I said earlier but I stupid
things falling everything's going to
come sorry a TD right now but when I was
at the mall after I pick up the computer
I started feeling really kind of dizzy
and it's kind of like I don't think it's
because of my medication but I think
it's because of that in fixing of my
medication and then medicine medication
like cold medicine they call it medicine
head that's actually actually a thing
they call it medicine and so I had like
this medicine heavy thing so I had to
run to go get some food then I had to
just go and leave as quick as possible
because I found like fall asleep or
passed out what was interesting it's my
ride out there my uber driver was super
cool I walk out and he's like wearing
like a suicidal tendencies shirt and I
walk into like nice shirt and he goes
yeah you're gonna make music and he's
searched what was that oh so you just
played like AFI and struck out Bad
Religion the whole time so it was pretty
cool probably one of the coolest Eber
drives I've ever had yeah it was
actually kind of nice I didn't have to
listen to any like hits one or EDM or
anything like that
you stand up over there it doesn't help
that Dee's pulling out a new toy over 30
seconds
ladies first
are you get in the bed already huh
get it for new rock make sure it smells
like Marley nice but we don't look like
children you guys I read all their
children I don't think we look like
children so we found a spot for this I
guess her queen seat she's like looking
around looking at the couch like oh so
this is where that couch went I remember
this thing Alan and we're talking about
like it's so so funny like we get really
motivated on one room like you guys
remember when we got super motivated
about doing the whole game room and then
we kind of just stopped and then we got
super motivated about doing the office
and then we just stopped they've got
super motivated about doing the garage
and then we just stopped it happens
every single time with us we're just I
think we just get distracted super
easily the garage is gonna be the next
cuz I wanna go to put our car in the
garage and then build something for the
golf cart let's go
Riley you want to go this is definitely
my favorite part of the year when I'm
just pulling everybody on and go the
golf car with the girls and just kind of
chill it's kind of funny because last
year
it's interesting last year because we
the Kings was in Australia I completely
missed
Florida's winter like I completely this
winter in general you know like what
it's like winter over here to the States
actually summer in Australia and when
it's summer over here it's winter in
Australia
I went during our winter so essentially
I just got double summer and it just
kind of sucked it's gonna be the first
time of the year two years that'll
actually get to experience a winter
please the Florida winter let me tell
you guys living in Florida and having
summer the way we have summer and then
going overseas and having double summer
Australia gets pretty hot it's gonna be
nice to have this always was my favorite
thing this drive around and enjoy the
coldness so there's the difference
between the 2015 and 2016 it's literally
just the lip almost the top of the the
monitor I guess you can call it Valley
wants to move that white carpet in here
I just love you again to be like that's
crazy
yeah I think it's gonna crazy too but I
think it's gonna be nice because it's
very great in here yeah it's true I
guess all right get up a little I think
it's gonna be perfect in my annoying be
great I'm hoping though the dogs love
laying on this that the dogs are gonna
lay in that it's over the bed especially
this guy this guy carpet I feel like
it's just gonna get really dirty really
fast though all right let's do this you
see how this one is over here yep okay
to push you off so we all lined up oh
you're okay good job where's Marley
it always pull Marley out got extract
her from under the bed all right so I
ready to give Ali her surprise
you wanna go give it to her here you put
on your back oh that would be actually
pretty bad
here we go give it to her all right take
your hand right or left
never mind the fact that I'm vlogging
with my right no wait okay right on the
left oh shoot I just give up damn it
okay left all right here never thought
I'd be the person that I get excited
about computers I was never really a
prisoner got excited about computers
until you until I actually started
editing the drawer that okay let's
actually bring this out because let's
problem I want to bring it out really
quick cuz they know that I've gone and
I've organized that a million times on
the vlog I don't know what happened you
just roll the cellophane take the new
personal computer I got to the pink one
really so pretty I love this color I
know that called the slate or whatever
it is looking forever to come up with
the color you're gonna open the screen
it's broken
oh okay this is one thing I did notice
the ding is gone you know where it goes
like dong they got rid of that I'm
feeling funny yeah
so there's only two ports here okay now
there's somebody two ports on the other
side now find the SD card slot this is
what yeah that's what sucks so you have
to have this stupid adapter thing right
yeah but it's the same color look that's
what that one is
yeah this was mine give it back that's
the only thing that stops yeah unless
you like air drop it to it
there's master plan there we go the
funniest part is that she knew something
was up around here because it was around
the box the boxes were out here I think
you knew that these were here I had a
feeling she had a feeling but she didn't
know quite that she got one too she knew
I got one I feel like your computer came
in but I need a better vocabulary
here's the funny thing though I've had
it on mine for a couple days and I've
been so sick that I couldn't even open
it out of the box just that's compared
that's just to show you how sick I was
feeling that I had my computer that I've
been waiting for years just sitting like
in the kitchen waiting for me to open up
and I couldn't do it because I was so
sick I was really concerned about him
yesterday because I asked him I think I
said yesterday in the blog I'm like you
have some packages that came in from the
mail and you seemed really excited about
I wanted to open them every day or every
so many days something's coming in the
mail for him and he's always excited
when something comes in and no couldn't
do it those people where are those so
they're like pop cake decorations
oh that way I don't actually have to
decorate it I can just put that on
baguette are they just are they just
like sticks yeah well I'm feeling a lot
better right now so I'm gonna start
editing the video I'm to be completely
honest I'm really excited to see how
fast this thing is so don't forget to
subscribe guys are brand new and if you
want to get that shirt that I was
wearing make sure you go CTFxC immerse
calm and I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always bye yes
