VidCon flu December's the vlogger fair
flu these type of moments happen when
you least expect them
it is just hard to get yourself out of
it alright so I saw I'm scheduled a
haircut a long time ago because it's
freaking look at this but I'm still
taking care of it now well a good
afternoon Internet I am outside of
Charles haircuts sitting in the car I'm
actually working on some stuff on my
computer and I'm feeling super funky
today I can't tell if I'm sick kind of
like having like a crappy day just a
little bit I'm definitely not feeling a
hundred percent alley today that's why I
look so beautiful
anywho I'm not gonna let that get me
down tomorrow we're supposed to be
actually getting photos done and I'm not
sure we're gonna be able to do that
either
we might be pushing that back to another
day when colds come when bad things
strike it's just hard to get yourself
out of it
and it's definitely hard to want to do
anything that's hardened or necessary so
right now Charles and I are both
struggling with that and I really can't
afford to get sick I really hope I don't
get sick I'm not sure I'm just not
feeling 100% me today I know it's
Crumpton for Charles it's crappy day
it's just crappy day but we're trying
really hard to to make it less of a
crappy day legitimately wasn't kidding
how I said that I've turned basically in
the car into my workspace I don't know
actually did I say I feel like I said
that earlier but anyways I am priming my
bag up behind my computer because I
can't get the computer just said
normally and then I'm like turning my
body to make sure that I can fin this
space to do all the work that I need to
get it done
it's very very interesting I could
probably do inside that I'm gonna sit in
the car and drink my coffee and do all
my work today much better actually no I
still feel like crap well my hair
doesn't point right now pretty much what
I had to have to constantly do the paper
walrus you know where you put paper in
your nose the tusks or whatever that
hate having this crap like my pocket so
disgusting
today is a shame I thought it was gonna
be fine mikonos me like one of those
24-hour things it's worse today than it
was yesterday this is what I've been
having to do
comparison in public but it keeps the
drips from dripping all over my sure I'm
at the point where like everything
that's making you weak I don't know if
it's the flu I don't think I've ever had
I don't know what's the food feel like
there's multiple symptoms they don't
have to have all the symptoms
it's just after a week stop my cake and
like it's like you're hungry but you're
not hungry
like you have no taste is that something
hold baby
once my green like green or brown VidCon
flew December's the vloggerfair flu got
me this time
this is so much I feel like such a baby
right now come on Charles do you do this
you've had brain surgery twice don't let
a stupid cold get to you
I told him that we should have stayed
home but he's quite determined to get a
few things done today I don't know if
you guys know it's about Charles but he
doesn't take a break
never takes day off continuing doing all
the things that he needs to do and now
he has fever and he's just not laying
the sickness take advantage of him
however I have been pushing him to rest
up and like I said take a little bit of
a break but you must get these things to
him because he has something really
awesome that came in the build state and
so I think he's a little bit more
excited about that then feeling better
but I'm doing my best
I've got him cough drops he's got some
dake well he's got vitamin C everything
and anything that he needs to feel
better but after this we're going
straight home he's going straight to bed
how they how I would call
really gonna get them into bed
I have a strange obsession with Finch
everything is great nostalgic right now
because I'm listening to some bands I
still listen to all the time back in
high school it's real nice I decided to
drop off Charles at the house because he
needs to get his rest regardless of him
actually wanting to do it or not and now
that's cooler I'm enjoying running
outside a lot more than normal so I
decided to take advantage of this like
really beautiful night and I'm actually
getting louder than I did this morning I
turned my negative day into a positive
day Charles this day it's still a little
bit negative because he's not feeling
very well but I tried to change the
outlook of the rest of my day so things
are actually getting better for me and
because it's so beautiful and it feels
so much cooler outside like I said I'm
taking advantage of this
well you can buddy
oh you look look who I ran into
guys this is completely not in there is
dolphins right there oh my gosh look at
that sees dolphins just playing guys
unreal there's a manatee and a dolphin
oh my gosh
so crazy right you know what a dolphin
is you don't yeah but you will soon ever
seen in this class that is unbelievable
so I have never ever seen dolphins a
close to shore before and apparently
this guy right over here he was saying
that they've been here for like 45
minutes
it's just crazy little unnamed puppy did
you get to see the dolphin
did it do so you so Cameron's kind of
crazy right there I think now they are
right oh my gosh that is so crazy
I believe it
one thing I love and appreciate so much
about Tankian 40 I thought these type of
moments happen when you least expect
them
thank God I ran tomasa because I
probably wouldn't have seen that so I
would have been I was running I mean I
was on a mission and I was like and I
was blunted but I'm happy after Melissa
I know I know
like right around the corner from each
other but it's always like where I'm
going to pick up the dogs from her house
or she's coming to pick up the dogs from
our house so we never really get to hang
out that much anymore but you know what
we're making it happen today I'm gonna
call and cancel for tomorrow okay
have you guys been keeping him company
making sure daddy it's okay yeah this
have been happening Charl sick is kind
of non-existent it never really happens
usually you can fight things off you can
find the thermometer you see though yeah
you're pretty warm honey have you been
taking anything I'm gonna get to
anything hmm
yeah baby you're real hot okay just cuz
chars not being too hot
how's it comin to call it a night and
take care of him get the vlog done and
like I said just take care of him make
sure that he gets enough rest and I'm
gonna try and make him something so
thank you guys so much watching if you
are brand new please do not forget to
hit that subscribe button
thumbs up you know I love it so I'll see
you guys tomorrow okay
