when we hit the new we the King saw that
we even added that there that's that's a
secret I probably shouldn't be telling
you guys that new with the King song
you're ready 2018 you guys want to see
something pretty messed up slash
hilarious I can only laugh at it now
because it is now over and corrected but
the last two or three videos that we
have uploaded I think a lot of you guys
are asked in the comments why we've
deleted them and reuploaded them it's
because for some weird reason YouTube
keeps flagging these videos saying
they're not appropriate for all ads or
all monetization if you watch the last
two videos there's absolutely nothing in
those videos that are bad so yesterday's
video I had to do it three times and
this happened I want to show you alright
so this was a temp one and as you can
see there's this and then I deleted that
one I requested the review I deleted it
and went to go to number two and I got
this again and then I deleted that one
and I went to this for a third attempt
and this one stayed for at least about
an hour
oh yeah silly thing to complain about
but I mean at the end of the day this
bhutanese videos is a job and it is our
job and when YouTube does weird things
like this they allow the weirdest
especially last couple like weeks the
weirdest most inappropriate videos got
online nothing happened myself and a
million other creators you guys heard
this amongst a lot of YouTube creators
are getting these weird things and it
sucks it's it's it's awful and it's
confusing like if you watch yesterday's
video in the day before okay yesterday's
video we detailed the car fix the car
and then I did some flashbacks day
before that I think we just ran some
errands and then I talked about some
alley and I rambled about and it had
nothing to do that was inappropriate
anything like that so I wanted to say
that really quick because I noticed in
the comments yesterday and today people
are a little confused why the videos
were deleted and we uploaded that's why
so in the future if the videos disappear
like that and come right
it's probably because YouTube did
whatever they're doing it's one of those
things where it's just it's become so
the norm
I guess it's exhausted we keep talking
about it I mean it sucks because a lot
of youtubers I mean including herself
this is our main source of income so
this is our job to sort of full-time job
whether or not people like to think
YouTube as a job it is it's it's a hard
job I mean a lot of people are like oh
you upload videos it's like yes you
upload videos to film all day you edit
those videos you have to do it every
single day and at least in our case it's
a tough job anyone who says making
videos online for a job is easy I
challenge you to do it for a week or
vlog I challenge you to do it for a week
just one week and then report back
anyone I said it to everyone
adults kids professional business people
people with regular regular jobs I hate
when people say regular jobs or real
jobs I mean at the end of the day if
you're doing something and you are
financially compensated it's a job
whether or not somebody wants to say a
real job okay you know I'm not gonna do
this I'm not even I'm gonna get into
another little rant but anyway there's
one of the dress that really fast
because I thought it was I thought it
was kind of funny now that it's fixed I
can laugh about it but I'm a little
worked out obviously I need to go for a
run or a bike ride or something what are
you doing are you Oh were you hiding
behind here no I don't give me a high
five don't give me a high five what are
you doing oh okay see ya
so I've been sending out all the sign
polarised everyone on the patreon group
and I don't know if this is actually a
true thing or just one of those urban
legends but to this day it still freaks
me out I don't know if you guys ever
heard that one works like somebody like
licking an envelope and pet spider eggs
on it and spiders grew in their belly as
I'm saying this out loud I realize how
ridiculous that sounds because obviously
you know bile and your belly and all
that stuff could kill that stuff but to
this day I still use either tape or I do
this and I water my finger and I put it
even my putting the spiders on my finger
that weekdays or something to this day I
have to do that with envelopes otherwise
I freak the hell out I just won't do it
I will not lick one of these things I
usually like the self-adhesive ones
unfortunately I don't have those for
this month pull the right stuff I don't
know the urban legends are just so funny
especially when you hear when you're
younger it just sticks with you for the
rest of your life that'll probably stick
with me for the rest of my life was the
other one pop rocks and soda
that was one I've done it before now but
I was terrified as a kid there's gotta
be another urban legend that I was
Bloody Mary that's another one I don't
know if you guys think of any other
urban legends
let me know I mean I guess the religion
would be kind of Bigfoot too right I
don't know that archive of it yeah let
me know in the comments if you guys know
of any other urban legends that are
either scary freaky or just ones that
you can still remember they heard as a
kid or you hear now and it will still
stick in your brain even though even if
it's ridiculous I finally finished all
the side Polaroids I'm going to send
those off
check it out yesterday when we did all
that can't even tell anymore looks like
brand new like all the little tiny
pieces looks really good my dad's a
genius I think I want to do another
quote though and up here I think another
code would be good yeah my dad's a super
genius I was a good idea how he had this
awesome idea since the carpet upstairs
is kind of goofing up like it did
downstairs like wrinkling and we can't
seem to like get it to fix itself and on
top of that since Marley seems to find
it in herself to think upstairs is her
new bathroom
to try to get this we're not gonna do
tile like we did last time because it
was way too expensive
mom just did these things with a Atlanta
no chemical we had at the other house in
Sarasota and it's super cheap too so
we're gonna try to do that because it's
way more affordable than doing the last
one and it's gonna look a lot better
upstairs wow it's so much like a dollar
eighty-three piled up downstairs was
insane compared to Bob I'm excited this
is clips in stick it's very interesting
you don't like this one it's funky
I like that let's do some voting you can
click the little eye or tell me in the
comments this is gonna be one this is
number two
going crazy with number three this is
four so I want you guys tell me in the
comments one two three or four or you
can click that little eye up there on
the screen and you can click that and
you'll have a little poll you can click
that one as well
camera doesn't show exactly how foggy
and weird it looks it almost looks like
just like this pain what is this a very
odd because of the holidays I've gotten
super super lazy about runnings
considering last was the last couple
months before the hereit was over I was
running like a hundred miles a month and
now I'm running zero so I need to get
back into that otherwise I just been
feeling kind of I don't think lazy but
lazy it feel kind of lazy I think the
holidays takes so much out of everybody
and get distracted and you forget I
cannot believe that we screwed up so bad
we messed you up now you can do whatever
you want and you're not supposed to
we're horrible cat owners I think I do
like my normal little run at Target
grabbing like just like a few stupid
things like mouthwash and toothpaste and
well you know necessities I was walking
through the aisle where the hair
conditioner and like the shampoo was cuz
I had to grab some of that and I came
across something and I was like huh I
wonder what it would be like to do this
and what I found was some semi permanent
hair color and it's not red but I feel
like it's a little bit more with the
times and I'm thinking we might want to
try this on Charles tonight it could be
a fun idea he's gonna hate me
who knows that might even
- but I know he's totally gonna hate me
first off house you walk diesel is the
most interesting gutter to walk oh I'm
sure he is that's not a surprise to me
at all
I was fine so I was thinking you know
well or in this whole like talking about
pass and just seeing how things were in
the past and you know just kind of
reliving moments in the past and I
thought we could relive a moment in your
life so close close your eyes oh it's
semi-permanent watching that in 48
washes your blonde hair it won't work
isn't well we'll make it work
I'll do a little piece of my hair as
long as we could do with the earth stuff
we'll do a little bit with my hair I'll
do it with your hair yeah I think this
is the color that Zack was trying to
achieve on work poorly two years ago she
bleached his hair and trying to diet
like the silvery blue we came out like
Sabrina
Kevin lemons daughter did it yes tried
to do it yeah it wasn't really her fault
he has dark dark hair with black hair
yeah bleach it a little crazy I do not
want to relive that much yes well I
didn't get read I haven't done my hair
since the embarrassing days of 2008
Charles yeah when I had the stupid red
hair is a long hair and everything yeah
like a freaking weird Elvis wow what is
this why didn't you tell me my hair look
like this didn't notice my hair was like
this the entire time welcome to Le Salon
weird type of your hair to get new hair
I I have never done that so far
who's gonna be interesting okay using
gloves apply prior to design in other
areas avoiding the scalp saturate hairs
even for 15 to 30 minutes rinse hair
thoroughly with water any a haircut not
about it is but what we're gonna do this
okay so I'm thinking what we could do is
we should you just come just play
we're the super the longer hair I think
what you can wear it out it doesn't work
I don't know if it's even going to show
up but might just be a blue tent the
magician wait so what are we doing we're
gonna we're gonna do your hair just
we're gonna play m48 shampoos that's
like literally for two can we do this or
not for two more days to a week are you
gonna complain all the time oh you know
that precious truck the other way good
good way to figure it out that I want
learning well I'm glad I'm your guinea
pig
no wait so you're not doing my whole
head right that's my whole head I won't
have any hair in the bottom
oh my god
you ready for your no I'm only doing a
little piece cuz I'm a blimp you ready
no no it's going to be a creepy doctor
where should I good that's good that's
good that's good
you're good then you gotta make sure
convinience who knows I may let you do
this one I think you're about better
than one this one sorry
now you can't see yeah yeah
so I guess technically I dyed my hair
but being visible I guess it look like
that Kate like Kate Plus eight like we
just did my hair that I need a new
haircut
this is ridiculous what's gonna read
like should I shave my head again come
here shut up what are you doing with
this like it's like you're putting like
a freaking like wave with my head I know
I look like I'm in the freakin Dashboard
Confessional
when the light hits are you can see kind
of blue there's a little blue in there
you can kind of see Thank You tality I
don't I'm not a I don't think I'm a I
don't like it you don't like it oh just
I mean I was just testing it out but I'm
glad it's not like permanent but it
doesn't look bad I think it looks kind
of cool a little bit underneath
we need to do dark-blue next time no we
don't need to ever do this again
it looks better like green oh I think
it's kind of cool it washes out in full
washes go wash your hair four times it's
so weird I don't know I just love my ear
too much I'm glad I only did like a
little bit underneath it's I'm not it's
not me this bleep about me please go get
used to it oh well see your mind just
shows up it's like nothing but I feel
like maybe maybe my dad's a recolor am I
like that but I don't know I love my
hair colors but before we go I have to
give a special shout out for a few of
our CTFxC patrons Ricky ssam born
Tyler Stillwell Sara hope I believe aka
spooky Heather sews Jeff Snowden Patrick
Godfrey and Ashley Byron so I just want
to say thank you guys so much for being
a part of the CTFxC patreon group and I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
we'll see you tomorrow bye yes
