we can do this right put this on your
chest today's the day I promised you
guys a long time ago that if we the
king's last album Strangelove was we got
to the top with a top 10 top 3 then I
would get the heart tattooed as just
like a commemorative thing just because
I have I got this one on here I got
somewhere somehow as I feel like having
a major album release is something that
would commemorate like permanently to me
because I've always wanted to do this
for a living and now that I get to like
I want to remember every single thing
and plus the heart is pretty damn
freaking cool looking and the only
person I really feel they can actually
do that would be Dimas so we're going to
Dimas is right now because you know the
galaxy in my arm what you can't see
right now because I'm wearing a hoodie
because it's freaking cold to that Oh
munchies 4/20 cafes around here to
surprised you haven't find all that I
see we should probably wait but I feel
like nerd rock would really love to do
that
because that just happened then rock is
definitely not coming he's coming with
Dimas we're just pretty we played like
two years so he pretty much got the
two-year rundown for both of us and like
20 minutes yeah wouldn't trying to catch
up and he's been tense without some of
the ideas and this is the size that
we're trying to figure out we can do
this right and put this on your chest
here if we do an arm one oh if you guys
didn't know that's over here
we'll walk over here there it is oh yeah
over there as well this guy right here I
think you guys have seen it before
hopefully if you bought the album this
is always the most fun awkward part
about it we have another gentleman
shading over guys if you're not
following BMS I'll put all this
information in description trust means
go check them out I use probably the
only person other than Beasley very very
trusted on my arm it solves my favorite
part when he does the colors figuring
out the colors Ali this is probably what
you like the mixing of the colors
all right put the only I remember
how about feel exactly how I remember it
cheer enough no ever have anybody cry
like a big guy coming here you try
getting a tattoo everybody square
everything you're like if you can't do
this we gotta stop being possible firm
yeah that's true that's so I think -
yeah yeah thanks I gotta world like in
threatening is like you stop I'm gonna
happen what right you see that means
read music please sir can you stop
Rumble we have to stop I had to mock
them I mean I really did that look of
disappointment I think like it's like
what Duncan says it's like you see
people with a lot of tattoos EMS has a
lot of tattoos there's a lot of people
think with the people that have a lot of
tattoos is that they like tattoos you
don't like that dude
right oh that's like me like you go
ahead getting that you know everything
every single person fasts tattoos it's
hitting catsuits even people with a lot
like Duncan completely covered he's
miserable when he gets tattoos you guys
a little with more testers get worse you
would think that they would like if I be
used to it too
while Charles is getting his tattoo done
I have to get work done and I decided to
found up to the mall instead of
Starbucks and start editing the video
for my channel one I'm in this area cuz
I'm actually go to his house in Sarasota
and clean up a little bit more just to
help out his mom and another big thing
is happening this week actually in a few
days which requires me to get something
for Charles and myself so I have to make
sure that I get that done as well
anywhere there's coffee is probably
where I'm gonna end up I'm grabbing my
computer start banging my head thoughts
that won't be that loud obnoxious person
sitting in a public area my computer
where's father at least my computer
found it
wow I got really freaked out that one
second really freaked out y'all got a
little blood going where's that part of
the tattoo
we're in the ditch
very close to that ditch close enough
that we just mended our friendship
anywhere near kind of finally like girl
like knowing your legate should look
down that first said that I thought you
will bring it in there I literally
thought he was in the ditch couldn't
nowhere near it doing this and it was
kind of high on her chest and she kept
on what peeking down and finally I said
okay what's up she's like checking to
see if you're all my nipple key that she
could think that enough say anything
yeah right soon we're gonna be doing all
the fancy tricking out on stuff this
brush is always the worst
cuz it's okay first you have no actually
I don't know I don't like outline more
or Culley
I think it switches between what you're
doing babies get that it's almost like a
needle lately it's like a pencil it's
all concentrated right on one small
little spot when you line you have to
yeah I get it in there like a shaming
we're cutting
music later I still feel every sound I
hear like not repaired
there goes Santa he's already here well
I ended it just about as much as I could
of my vlog and my computer died because
I'm an idiot and I didn't bring my
charger I actually left my charger back
at the tattoo studio so I got as much
time as they possibly could now I'm
gonna head over to char souse and start
cleaning up just a little bit so that
hopefully we can be done with anything
that we have to do really with that
house because honestly it's just been a
very long time and I know tar I'm so
frustrated
he's truly truly just so ready for this
to be done with I gotta find my car
which had no idea where it is no idea
just kidding I found it and another
little thing happens that I'm kind of
embarrassed about but I just spoke to
char and he said that I shouldn't be
embarrassed because it's only happen to
him is about a million times so I walked
in with you know all my stuff obviously
I dropped the camera
so the back kind of shattered a little
bit I guess I'm allowed one boo-boo and
I have a big boo-boo yeah this is
awesome I love it
as promised guys I told you I'd do it I
forgot about that part
this looks freaking killer so we get a
good shot it reminds me of the galaxy
for the colors now that looks great on
camera yeah that's a great placement
look how awesome this turned out it's a
little dark in here right now but didn't
it turn out so nice it's honestly like a
completely different house with the
colour changed now what I came to do is
just kind of pack some of the things up
get them out of the house try when
things a little bit cleaned up in here
and that's exactly what I'm gonna doing
to try and heal the mouth and get that
done do is we're going to take that guy
and we're gonna take that guy okay that
we're just gonna donate some stuff he
highly doubt that I highly doubt that
the people that move in here gonna
utilize it
I'm given to something that can actually
utilize it so we're gonna donate those
and then donate a few other things that
way obviously we're not being wasteful
what we're just we're doing something
with so that's not bad that are not bad
items we just we can't bring them home
and yeah yeah I've been going around to
me clean things up and change it up a
bit and chars on his way actually just
finished with his tattoos so he didn't
come help me out a little bit
Dimas killed it again it is so free I
love I love how he does the colors so
much it actually reminds me of the
galaxy okay
how's it going brother that's me found
you someone is down with the sickness
Charles got down with the sickness down
I hate it I got sick I've been sick and
someone I got honey water though he
watered which by the way Starbucks that
was really weird
yeah they thought that was the weirdest
thing in the world but I don't really
think it is because it's like tea just
welcome tea no but he's not feeling too
hot
we're done well that usually happens
with hot water is why don't like odd
things I love hot things hot things love
me very okay you know you know why
there's gotta be an accident up there he
is saying get that F out of the way
oh man something bad must have happened
that's standard well I know it's theater
but still it always worries me when
there's like a big stuff like this they
always have to do a firetruck and you
always have to do that ambulance well
thank God right hey if somebody's hurt
they can't just send a fire to make oh
yeah sorry
yeah who are you guys I hope you get
better it's not everybody's okay
the car there
