getting big oh that was a cross shot I
like with complete hell right now
believe this
that's all we're gonna serve today we're
sick today of this
go to my happy place remember that I
love you look at me look at me
I'm gonna sing with my lips like this
tell me about it stud guess I'm safe
because I'm safe good morning it's me
trash creepy I just want to say that I
chose my fiancee so much sometimes my
mouth doesn't even move because there's
so much excitement that I have about my
love for her chill the freaking Sun
hasn't even come up
Ali and I got zero sleep right now I'm
not playing I guess that's why they call
on the red eye but that just means when
you get home we can just take a nice
little nap relax
you missed the pilot you singing it
sounded like it's so weird like the
pilot just started singing like randomly
he came on the thing is I just start
singing randomly I immediately took my
headphones off I'm like okay what's
going on right now anyone else hear this
wrong no he wasn't drunk but just
sounded like you know when you start
singing cuz you're happy drunk or
something like that
the losers oh yeah one hour with me
we'll know somehow got lucky he never
got upgraded the first class but then we
noticed that there was a flight that's
an hour earlier to get home so we were
fitted those seeds just so we can get
home a little bit earlier because all I
wanted to do is get home fall face-first
in my bean bag there and fall asleep for
a day you know gay back then the
calories getting a hold but I'm gonna go
to bed I'll see you guys in the next cat
I promise I'll be back
I look like complete hell right now the
whole time we're in Seattle you know
like we were saying it was like kind of
rainy and gloomy
isn't it like this in Florida for a vote
a long time we land it's exact same
exact same weather right now usually
when we come from a group like a rainy
place to come to Florida this tunnel is
just like kick your way back into like
oh my go mode right now we're just like
kind of like slow mode
yeah and plus the thing I was getting
sick and because of that I think now I'm
skating a little bit of a cold right now
we're gonna go pick up the girls and let
the unnamed puppy out to pee and we have
to pick up D see the sausage so I don't
think the Morrow's that he was really
sick there yesterday is he okay stomach
was really upsetting she she's like you
gotta feed him the BRAT diet and that's
where I feel like cooks for him Turkey
and she's like I've been a cooking some
carrion basically diesels eating better
than I am puppy pickup hello hi I'm
named puppy hello untitled Oh
oh well let's go hi big girl what are
you doing hi hi miss you miss you Oh
miss you a little a name he's still
entitled aren't you getting big oh that
was a crotch shot let's go let's go to
your stuff see he's a good boy he still
tries to figure it out so you're doing
so much better with them oh there comes
a speed demon oh I know
leave me alone are they actually playing
they're actually gonna be friends they
might just wants a run puppy wants to
play I had this cutest photo my sister
sent of Zoey because you remember the
last time that I was babysitting Zoey
and mr. unnamed puppy unless they're
untitled we kind of come up with a name
I could hate calling of that all the
time and he's like laying on Zoey
he did it again this is my stick I want
to choose a stick by myself everyone can
share it she's probably not the greatest
thing to teach a puppy to destroy things
though Ali look he got a little piece of
his own stick
I think she's super happy we're home
things you turtle herself
did you just turtle yourself no she's
being a dick
she's being a doofus Oh get all nice and
dirty that's what we needed to do see
she's in it it's the same barcode it
looks like it looks like he's learning
all the tricks from Marley piss and
Ava's OE basically poor Zoey's is
getting so pissed off wreck on your back
you stuck again I love Oh Marley just
comes and like starts messing with her
too it's the same bark she does - Marley
I think it's always except in spark it's
pretty much what it is it sounds scary
but I think it turns the acceptance
funny he's walking into glass yeah oh
boy no no no best place it's off-limits
to pups often image it's off-limits
off-limits he's over with wait so he
come on buddy I got cops on for you so
you can learn too big a guard dog
so please select an option from the list
on the screen didn't watch my wash wash
Wilson's is gonna go around underneath
the uh better wash true yeah let's do a
better watch just go play park is right
under the tree completely useless enough
great chamois time do is change them
what's the chamois shine looks like it's
something fun I was a huge honor
Jimmy shine new Sanders happy she's
pulling gray hairs out of my head oh my
god roll which I know this no wait don't
wasn't it like if you great pull one
gray hair like three was five likes come
up I believe that I don't know you've
been pulling a lot of them and Mark
Marquis promise that's three what do
they call like Charles is good no no
what's great is bah what do they call
guides when they're it up there like
gray-haired but they're like cool ah
Silver Fox the Fox all right here's our
fun do you have to be a Silver Fox in
order to be a Silver Fox I should say
you have to be able to certain age okay
so you're just kidding obviously silver
I'm just getting pretty mature greys
there's one Jesus it's huge hey guess
what
so you know I told you that like there's
kind of like feel a little funky you
know I feel like I might be getting a
cold no do you feel like you're getting
a cold a little bit
you don't know I thought you did no no
tricked me
you tricked me into your falsified cold
nothing to say you must I'm getting my
tattoo tomorrow I know you are so I got
to sleep a little bit on the plane
because Charles was a gentleman and he
let me he lay down on his lap but I
didn't get much sleep and then when we
got home three hours ahead of time so my
brains already in work mode so I got
right up and tried to do a little bit of
things and then fell back asleep and
then got back up again obviously I can't
figure out if I'm getting a cold or not
so I ended up making a smoothie cuz I
wanted to make sure I got a lot of like
vitamins and minerals and things of that
sort
come to find out a lot of the vloggers I
went to vlog repair got sick the Johnson
family they have a channel their
daughter got sick and they're not sure
she got like food poisoning or what it
was and then Ellie from Ellie and Jared
she was six
or she got sick from cuz I'm hoping it
was like a weird case and I feel
terrible for them obviously but I'm
hoping it was like a weird case of maybe
food poisoning or like that 24-hour flu
and I'm hoping that I don't get anything
god I don't like being sick I just don't
like being sick and I know that he
doesn't like being sick and we have
things coming up this week where we
cannot be sick and guess what
Thanksgiving is coming up and we have a
super awesome special surprise guest
that's coming if you know who it is put
your answers down in the comment section
below
pull your weenus so guess who's back
come say hi come here
our don't find don't it's so funny
because ever since the puppy has come
into the picture
Zoey and Marley have really loved diesel
like really really loves diesel so as
soon as you walk through the front door
Marley was like freaking out
there's a little Sleeping Beauty and I'm
not cut out well hello you cute little
thing are you getting your beauty sleep
you're gonna get your beauty rest so you
look real nice tomorrow you're tapped to
appointment are you trying to look real
good for demas you're gonna give him
those pearly whites and call your mouth
the flower bit
