points are seattle's best and they're
all starting to blend together two
blonde moments back-to-back channel is
and the travel begins is this show the
difference in suitcase is really quick I
told Charles highly pecks an entire
closet I think it's a female thing
though and it's cold so I can remember
this is actually be the first time it
was actually in Seattle and range I've
been really really lucky it never rains
until now
person eats early air canada
usually when a leaf lightest with me I
get pushed all the way back crack the
plane but for some reason we had
upgraded the first class so look at this
is the funny saying everyone was rushing
to get on a plane to just wait here I
love love airports now everyone is just
waiting right here
ready oh I'm weird you got a blog daily
honey all right we gotta go all the way
to a
she'll be down this way
going to shove you down come through a
little Airport Valley deserving you
Randy I was walking Ali's really right
into the wall of course the one thing
little tiny thing I do you want to feel
that something like this that right
there we're here Ali laughs like that
it's an evil laugh she did something she
wasn't supposed to this is like a
flashback when we were old people for
everything all over snapchat you're not
followed their story you might want to
do it she was bright finer than were
your other problem
we're in Seattle oh yeah all the detail
in a box or a bubble like it just got
stuck okay we gotta get baggage planet
hope that down here yeah they don't have
much starbucks on a they're gonna have a
lot of Seattle's fast here wait no see
wait this is a really stupid account
number service was yes
points are Seattle's best
she likes anything you're saying that
now
okay so we need to go third floor six
elevator I was telling a lie but every
pretty much care bored I think in the
country and then all starting to blend
together like I can't remember what your
wish
Oh your majesty can you open the door I
think it's got your face with it first
or anything I did set up the GoPro for a
night lapse secondary thing I did like
that the GoPro saw secondary thing i did
a catch by computer to the TV with the v
via hdmi so now i can use the TV for
watching some netflix so binge watch the
original idea was to bring like an
entire Apple TV and then I was like oh
wait can I just bring in hdmi cable so i
just did that until the new stupid
computers come out and then I don't know
if that's when I actually work anymore
it what's the Wi-Fi but Ali the cards
have butts on them they old booties you
know your D this is not a joke no joke
really the inside may be right back okay
sorry might be a short trip Syrian
crisis averted yeah crisis averted
so you're throwing it in that's real
quick okay so blonde me blonde blonde
moment that's two blonde on its back to
back I think it's cuz your hair is
getting longer at the blonde at CBN
yesterday's if you have no idea with the
blonde moment from yesterday in
hilarious I don't know if you guys can
see what those are thank you I got a
snapchat this it's okay honey you have
blonde moments I just have any of
moments what a series gotta get you some
food well that's high and said to group
hug we should do that when there's a
bunch of people in here 038 my hair I'm
out of it today guys hey we're just
walking around and naturally in Seattle
ally has to go to starbucks and this
lexi just help and she told us it was a
free holiday
Lexi I don't drink coffee so I gave him
that gentleman over there you know he's
drinking it right now so they have a
monorail know what a move to Seattle I
can't be a line right
you can read it must be good we went in
that place and like a 45 50 minute wait
would they have that the technology to
text us
why don't you ever do a city I don't
think our puppies would like that too
much that place has like a 15 minute
wait so they're just going to text us
right now is google opana convenience or
like stuff like the essentials like
water little snacks so that we're not
paying like forty dollars red stuff I
actually need to show you guys what I
used to do when I was in college and I
was traveling like I had no money I had
nothing and what I would do I was
amazingly funny it's
what kind of 15 years in the same time I
would go get the there's the public
market right there babe got it I would
go to the ice from your eyes change
what see your name putting it on me not
you he starts like blonde moment no you
just like put yourself in danger because
you're not taking
mm saying is like go get the ice chest
and I would take I'm tag kidding i would
take a hair dryer and i would melt it
with the hair dryer and make water note
i'm not joking that's exactly what I did
and work every time we have no idea why
she feels
I'm actually not even sure who's here so
we're kind of just like on our own right
now just walking around yeah
that is i texted Sean from yellow card
because he lives out here and
unfortunately they're on tour right now
but that's a cool bike because he tells
me every time I'm in Seattle to tell him
he's so pumped that we're actually in
Seattle for a change he's not here he's
actually in New York for the last yellow
card tour if you guys actually are going
tell me said hi okay now we have to run
all the way back to make sure we don't
miss her like freaking appointment very
interesting universe place so we can
finally got our team we're two people
sitting here and here and then they put
Ali and I right in the middle so we've
been just kind of a mess the entire time
but look at the deliciousness this game
right now we're trying to book the
hotels in secular videographer the
photographers
we're going to do that all in the same
boat here we can never get away from
work our wedding this early work its
work
good talk with your mouth full don't
talk with you outflow it's hot I'm all
about offering exhibitor was preferred
Lee off like having conversation
somebody's awkward
one point
move over now just a small side of the
day
I gotta tell you sir she is way prettier
than the rag usually 10 little burn on
that one learned in China yeah you guys
want to see me juggle higher say yeah
yeah okay now not just all the drunk
people if everyone says I know about
Sylvie if you have to see me juggle
higher say yeah yeah yeah just ran out
I'm joking this is Washington no one
runs out you guys awesome so you must
been talking about private
so we went to get some you know water
and some candy and I asked for a bag
this is for my water I swear oh that is
awesome actually but I'm over here brown
bagging my water so I could just keep
going like this it looks very shady is a
Seattle is true I like Seattle Seattle
is one of my favorite cities come here
interest I'm like really
that's great needle just like the CN
tower in toronto when we were just out
there a couple weeks ago I'll never mind
not just like it sorry just probably
pissed off a bunch of people are free
we're trawler the CN Tower or ratio hi
I'm Anna crew sorry I orange skills are
not I'm not gonna answer that good hair
that 99 tomorrow little of that one
percent we also walked past the venue
where Nirvana and Pearl Jam played their
first show no Nirvana and a lot of like
big bands played their first up and then
wall shark posh another venue where pro
general Jam Eddie Vedder your videos
where they jumped off the plane where
Eddie Vetter jump out the roof no it's
like the real Walker past the venue all
right now I'm lost out of your back well
internet hope you enjoyed today's video
as you can see a method in today's yeah
pretty much what you guys just got to
see I'm trying to what I'm trying to do
is I'm trying to get some good night's
sleep because vlogger fair officially
starts tomorrow really super early and I
don't want to be super groggy I wanted
me as much as you guys as I possibly can
so don't forget to subscribe because
they're brand new and that way you get
to see some of the bloggers fair action
I will film as much as I possibly can
and I will see you guys tomorrow boys
have a good night bye guys
