it's kind of keeps you on your toes Oh
decided to take a poo right there are
ladders way cooler than your ladder mom
so I guess we're not really learning our
lesson you keep walking underneath this
ladder you're bringing so much bad luck
so I open the trunk tickets and stuff
found this is what I see hi bud oh now
you're hiding your face good morning
Internet so today I have to get the
camera here this is what I doing every
day I travel okay tomorrow we're leaving
for vlogger fair and today I have to go
get some of the stuff down at the house
and I have to go get a haircut before
going to vlogger fair but I also have to
get all the stuff they're all falling
down yeah I think we're good but the
problem is don't have the paint I have
to get back here in time for the UH
are you wandering off to make sure we
get everything done today I just have to
get into the car with everything as you
guys got to see in the morning the
craziness that ensued is sometimes in
our life was trying to upload these
things every day a little bit of chaotic
a little bit of chaos it's kind of keep
you on your toes but anyway so I'm
tethering off my phone right now a file
that is about two gigabytes which is
roughly how much every file that we
upload is because we
through the highest compression which
becomes an issue when traveling to
gigabytes off your phone every single
time and surprise bad like areas kind of
soft and that's why sometimes vlogs are
a little bit later good news or bad news
I don't really know yet if the vlog was
late yesterday it's because of this
situation if it was on time it's because
of this situation right okay under 80 80
will be the temperature this weekend in
Seattle Washington Seattle Washington 57
degrees of winter
well this is incredibly bizarre going
into Sarasota you never ever ever see
traffic like this only on the time that
we have a like a timeline uh-huh it
would happen like that one man what do
you think happen doc yeah well we could
do something fun I could just bring car
right up on there we could just chill if
you do that we'll see gasps I know I
like I said we could just chill I'll do
a wheelie Pop's car up on there I'll be
good
get the ladder got the paint I'll get to
the house got the dogs
you guys remember that one time or
actually two times we've done it
back-to-back I think where we tried to
get the tree Christmas tree and we try
to put it on the roof of the car and we
would put it through the window
so when we tried out like open the door
we ended up locking the freaking door
and I think you think you would learn
our lesson but we did that twice I think
two times in a row
we're learning a lesson because this
gentleman is helping us so I guess we're
not really learning our lesson we're
just watching by the pros do you're a
little big for doing that this is why
Zoey and Marley are like so used to
other dogs is that they always climb on
top of each other in hilarious
I don't know guys can see what those are
I got a snapchat this
now just like pull over just hazards
and this week out over it right it's
actually really this is the problem with
keyless keys is that things like this
happen
and if I was actually able to drive and
think oh my keys are heavy enough they
didn't go anywhere
had I been driving that probably would
have happened a million and one times
over I don't even know you just saw it
Hey our ladders way cooler than your
ladder mom yeah well now it makes a lot
easier
diesel want to paint what's going on
yeah took it that's that's our
anniversary gift right there so we got
the platter and I did not realize how
big it was and he's assumed to this wall
but we got this walls not as tall so
it's not even working in the side of the
house and diesel you keep walking
underneath this ladder you're bringing
so much bad luck
could we travel cot Oh
all right you guys ready for this
completely different look at this
doesn't even look like the same freakin
living room oh by the way we hired him
too
dad showed up he works for free super
cheap oh and mom - she's super cheap -
Ellen alley - she's super cheap - Zooey
Marley you're fired
yeah diesel diesel pull the COBE and
poop in the house bubbly guts yeah
bubble guts don't you yeah does it -
peeko be ya just walking around my
sister's like told you the story there's
a place called st. Armands Circle and
the very horny 20 rich I guess you could
say place it's just a very wealthy place
very nice restaurants and my sister was
just walking him on the street and
there's a perfectly good piece of grass
and he brought this is a restaurant so
like these are people eating right here
and this is a walkway Kobe just decided
to take a poo right there right next to
the people eating and my sister had to
pick it up true story - for the next
owners I want to put a secret little
message in paint on the wall and I can't
think of what we should do what do you
think we should do and you get yeses
penises dad wants a penis big vagina
mom was the freaking curveball I like
that subito boobs
well I tried to make one boob bigger
than the other I tried to do the
cleavage no not you Dawson boos hey
Hallie draw some boobs
what would I do different oh Jesus
freaking suck at this oh it does now I
see a bicycle I'm being hazed by my
parents I know I'm just a very PC person
so I want to likely do this so that way
when it dries I want somebody to be like
watching TV one one day and a light just
hits the wall and be like huh I want one
of those kind of things one of those
moments one yeah it's a magic music it's
one of those moments and then just
laughter somehow that little sense these
senses like one of the six senses now
you start laughing
and we're almost done I was gonna say
God but we're not quite done look around
the the freaking living room it looks
completely different that's nuts I put
like a Marley hair in the paint and a
Zoey hair in the paint
so whoever buys this hell yeah up in the
corner so whoever buys this house not
only are they gonna have billing model
DNA but they're gonna have some boobs on
the wall hidden boobs they've been so
depressed I don't know why you guys
haven't gone in the pool you guys wanna
go swimming wanna go swimming yeah you
wanna swim in come on Marv so we're
going to pool let's go in the pool come
on let's go oh Jesus that's freaking
cold that's cool
do you want to go the pool does you need
floaties head you want to go in yeah you
should I'm gonna throw you in
I forgot actually how much you'd like
actually takes to sell your house all
the cleanup and stuff like that we
didn't quite when who first listed the
house we didn't quite want to paint the
house the living room the red because we
thought you know somebody might like it
and hell somebody could just paint over
it but we've been finding and people who
have come to the house have been
actually telling the realtor my mother
who's actually helping with the sale
that the red it's kind of like
interfering with them and it's like
envisioning what the living room would
actually look like that's actually why
we're painting it trust me it's a pain
in the ass I don't want to do it I think
the red looks better but I think it's
it's kind of nice for some people we're
just moving into a house to have kind of
like that clean slate that clean campus
so that's kind of like what we're doing
it to and making things a little easier
for people it's definitely adding a
little extra stress considering tomorrow
we're actually leaving but at the same
time
it's worth it because I want to make
sure that everything is perfect I
actually wanted to kind of ask you guys
who's got actually going to vlogger fair
because I'm really really excited I love
Seattle
and every time we go it's always kind of
like a real kind of it's a party it's
just like a party Ali's coming and a
couple b√ºndchen but I don't feel my
friends are actually going to be there
as well and hopefully I tell you guys so
hopefully we have to see you guys and
say hi Ali you're like Cinderella right
now you always think that you can go
wherever you want you want to sit front
you think about this foodtube are coming
all right come on back vexy
mark Lexi thank you it's like I tried to
add a little bit more stars to my my
tattoo it's so much paint but I probably
see you guys in Seattle I'm most likely
gonna have all this crap stole my hand
well I just want to show you this first
off Ali never told me I had this on my
face and I went to the store to go buy
dog food and look at 4d he's got paint
on him 2d what are you doing buddy he
tried to get a little bit nice little
racing stripe I'm gonna pack finish
packing I'm already kind of packed so
the code heads out so that means it's
time to go to bed
actually Ali's gotta make sure Ali packs
cuz we have an early flight and I will
see you guys in Seattle don't forget to
subscribe guys are brand new and have a
great night
bye guys
