hey guys it is November 9 2016 and I'm
not normally going to put stuff like
this in the video but since these are
daily videos like memories of my life
every single day I'm kind of speaking to
myself in the future because I was
always like to think that I would like
to come back and watch the movies later
in life and if you haven't been living
in a deep forest with no internet no no
connections or cell phones which
actually sounds kind of nice right now
considering what's happened the past
year specifically last couple months the
United States is elected a new United
States President and with that I've seen
a tremendous amount of people that are
really pissed off and angry and there
are equally the same amount of people
that are rejoicing or super happy about
the situation and my opinion is that I'm
just glad it's over and we have selected
somebody whether it be my my selection
or your selection a selection has been
made so now we can hopefully move on and
just come together as a nation together
because right now we are separated and
it's it's disgusting to me it's so
disgusting to see and I just hope
there's no gloating with the situation
and we are able to just move on and just
come together because here's the beauty
in my opinion about the United States
and a country we live in that even
though we have this person who I don't
believe in a lot of things he says or
does I mean that's my opinion that you
can have whatever opinion you want we
are able to sell fight for the rights
that we believe we should have and it
doesn't matter who's in office we can
still fight for those rights and I think
that's what we need to keep in mind and
remember that just because the person
that we may or may not want in in office
be there doesn't mean we should give up
it doesn't mean we should not fight for
things we believe in because we all have
that right and for people who might be
happy I just hope the gloating doesn't
happen because that'll just make things
worse and I just that's all I want to
say and Charles in the future you're
you're looking kind of good you're gonna
like John Stamos right now
that's me hoping right there yeah anyway
so that's all I'm gonna say about that
and um let's just come together guys
let's just this stop there's enough
hatred in the world we don't need our
country hating on each other that's it I
mean that's the best advice I could give
to the situation because that's all the
advice I could say is let's just move on
just keep fighting for the things we
believe in what are you doing old lady
hanging out in your rocking chair huh
come on guys let's hop up go get some
air come on Dee okay Lil Sis gonna go me
im sue boats man oh and Zoe you gotta
meet mr. puppy mr. unnamed puppy come on
and she's like I'm busy
okay let me see those teeth let me see
which one did you lose
that one or any other ones loose no only
one cool
oh yeah
for obvious reasons had just been a
weird day like everything's been weird
people like walking around the
neighborhood like I went to the store
everyone is just like I don't know what
it is it's just got this weird and it
doesn't help that the freaking sorry I
can never focus with this this is way
ahead of your there we go what is it
yeah okay we're getting that doesn't
help that the weather is like freaking
out too like it's super cold it's so
gloomy it kind of feels like what it
feels like what what do you see you see
a squirrel Oh is he can you see a puppet
guy sit down I know it's so funny all
three of them do the same thing when
they see another dog they're just like
it's almost kind of like they're just
like yeah look at me I'm rolling that's
just a voice and the thought process
that I played inside my dog's brains I'm
saying is today's just been like a weird
day I got some things accomplished up I
just stuck in the house pretty much the
entire majority of the day got a couple
things done i needed to get not exactly
the most interesting thing but doesn't
really matter because that's what my
daily videos are about it's just life I
wanted to take this wall that's behind
my dresser and do something a little bit
different to it without it being like
crazy crazy dramatic and if it ends up
being a mistake it's something that I
can change so i ended up getting that
wallpaper stuff that looks like Rick in
its textured in its I know it's fake and
its most people are probably gonna be
like that's really cheap why would you
do that I decided to get it anyways and
I'm gonna try it out and see if it
actually I don't know you know kind of
like school back there and then if it
does we kind of want to do something on
that wall so I'm just going to go ahead
and try it out I don't know if it's
gonna work well I've never done this
before so yeah this is generally gonna
be an experience but we wanted to do a
little something just I don't know make
the day different I guess
it's very heavy so you're laying down
some bricks oh how are you supposed to
stick it is it supposed to be like oh
it's just like that adhesive I think you
need for hands you help pushing this in
right here and then if i push it in like
that you can like get straight on this
time yeah you need somebody to push it
in her hole I hope with the camera on
hold on we're gonna lay down some bricks
in the test
and I like it's kind of cool different
and we could try it here and see if it's
any good and then because we're gonna
put this back where it is and see that's
it cool like any cool I've been stuck in
front of a computer all day my brain is
fried oh by the way guys just totally
random if you have not seen yesterday's
video here's a little glimpse
wait hold on opens bow tie
their measly but I
ok that's a teaser now you think they
watched yesterday's video basically my
little sister got a new puppy and she
needs some names so go check it out and
go give her some names cuz right now
we're kind of like all over the place I
what I was expecting Ali to make fun of
me for that she's focused but yeah yeah
but seriously she got a cute little
puppy she needs names since vlogger fair
is coming up I think this weekend is
this weekend here's here's the beauty
about being a little bit of
procrastinator I didn't quite
unprofessional it early everything is
packed now I'm serious I got I got a
couple hoodies I got a couple big
jackets got several things of underwear
I got socks I got shirts I got shoes I
got an hdmi cable I impact oh do it
again that's for sure it's kind of cool
yeah but I won't ever do that again it
makes it look like a very rural very
industrial very it's like somebody
forgot to do our wall basically yeah
it's not i wouldn't recommend it when
you do it when you go like that it looks
kind of cool it's really too much might
fall down a couple days actually too
loud over there I didn't know where
barley one I think I know she is screwed
up yep there she is Miriam are all right
guess watch this I'm gonna get a cookie
right one cookie
pretty girl nice well internet we are
going to call it a night I just wanted
to kind of in tonight saying we s people
in general need to still believe in one
another and still hold on to hope and
that we need to stick together we need
to support one another we do not need to
do anything cruel or unkind we need to
continue working towards positivity when
it comes to us as a group social media
has been really bad today and it's been
really hard for me to hold back not
saying anything and I'm not saying it
towards one group or another I'm just
saying that it's terrifying to see
what's been going on and I just don't
want us as a group of amazing
individuals it doesn't matter where we
come from it doesn't matter our color or
background our age or sex whether our
families are wealthy or not it doesn't
matter none of that matters we are all
one people and we need to support one
another and we need to continue working
towards positivity and love I just know
that from all the negativity that I've
seen in the past couple of months and
the negativity especially that I've seen
today I just don't want us to lose faith
in each other I don't want us to
disregard what we've worked so hard for
which is being able to be exactly who we
want to be all I'm going to encourage
you and all Charles isn't going to
encourage you to do is to please do not
get lost in this negativeness that's
going on right now please do not get
lost I know there's going to be a lot of
negative in the comments and I know
people are going to think that
we're stupid and there's going to be
people on both sides that are going to
say things but please find it in your
heart to be human and to be kind and to
look out for one another and to support
one another and to not let all the
negative that is going on right now
determine the type of person that you
can be which is a good person hold on to
hope be there for one another support
your friends don't let the negativeness
of social media right now and everywhere
that are saying these awful things
determine your choices of either being a
good or a bad person lead by example and
lead by example in a positive way please
that's all I ask I'm just astonished at
some of the things I'm reading on social
media and I just please guys do not let
this negativity get the best of you we
love you guys we hope that you're having
a wonderful day and you have a wonderful
day tomorrow and just remember spread
spread love guys it's all go sparks a
spread love positivity and hope we'll
see you tomorrow i Ken
