hi bunny because like can I just get
your please Ali found these cool that'll
like I want to call wallpaper if we ever
want to change our stairs oh and after
we've made everything but these like
little accent things that you can
possibly put in like exchange you don't
have to paint and it's not cheesy like
wallpaper well I don't know it could be
super cheesy we really try to make yeah
you don't actually be kind of cool
though is if we did like these for the
stairwell so it's like pointing up the
whole way around
w still there's one pointing down what's
the bird I kind of like I feel like what
we should have done is had more gradual
of the granite ingredient of the
stairwell it's so hard to tell they're
still of its gradient yeah I almost wish
we'd like you do it yeah no oh
so that's kind of like what it does yeah
I feel like it looks so cool it's like
for people who wish they had brick wall
kind of yeah they were valid
we should get him a puppy toy you think
you'll wear it
we should get my hat I think it'll be a
little too big by the time Christmas
rolls on yeah that one
all right so get them in that hat and
ready for the holidays by the time
winter rolls around you know his head
gets all cold I don't know where's the
toys by the way we're getting a new rug
yeah I'm a boat I was gonna be like what
the hell are you doing to my dog
give him a tug toy although puppies like
10 toys does it like can you pull it
that's kind of good Kosar oh you look
handsome I think there we go no wait you
sit
Koby let me see you hey hey trying to
put his bowtie on oh where you going bud
your slide is slipping we should both be
in the front just knocking down do what
we practiced I didn't want to kidnap
Kobey's looking and sliding everywhere
good timing I just don't want any more
dogs in my mouth No trained already yeah
this is your fourth one well that's true
I was gonna get you season 7 of The
Simpsons but I couldn't find it okay
guys
Melissa needs to figure out a name so
make sure you go to our Channel and help
name him what's his name man currently
untitled well he was born or he was
adopted as Rhett Gopi oh he's getting in
the way but there's a few names that are
possibly in the pile so we'll see there
he is
okay it's a new face
hey untitled dog good boy hey untitled
Co you ready show them one to go get a
color hitter a Kobe tell him Kobe say
just chill Kobe you're doing so good man
sorry I didn't bring your EDM ball look
at the camera this is gonna be your life
I'm gonna be shoving cameras in your
face for your whole life
all right his bowtie
they're nice but I
some of his personality does already
spicy and it just like warms your heart
um like what what does happen
yeah it's he's got red white and blue
one two for the election Oh
different
Oh
hmm
hi bunny because like can I just get
your blue I didn't kiss you or fall over
look good I couldn't get you I just love
kids alright need you to pose do
something cute do some cute okay that
was pretty snow he's going this is the
funniest part he's already gonna be like
Zoey you enjoy gonna get along with the
sticks and everything remember guys go -
Melissa's channel and help her name the
puppy because she's still trying to
figure it out are you gonna have like a
like a like a option or you just want
suggestions right now
just do suggestions right now think
she's in suggestion mode right now cuz
right now I'm just calling him untitled
so I don't want to keep doing that he
was adopted as Rhett and there was an
idea of maybe calling him Finley which
is actually pretty I want to say boss
but that's totally like 2002's was nice
about when you get a puppy after having
a dog for a long time you look for like
the same things in the dog like his eyes
like his eyes are very similar to like
Tyson guys like sad very sad droopy eyes
at sad droopy eyes soon concerned eyes I
guess he's already asleep
let it cut out all the baby talk
otherwise this videos we like 30 minutes
of Ali talking baby talk I hope biggest
feet are coax his feet are like maybe
half the size already of Kobe's feet
he's gonna be a huge dog well to
introduce you to Zooey Marley you later
dope you digging your hat
do you confiscate it today's gonna be a
puppy vlog I'm just gonna say now guys
is literally there's a puppy right there
a brand new addition to the family
you know what's funny is I have a video
Kobe and Zoey like doing this really
yeah the first time stuck in there
you're stuck hey big'un we're gonna
bring that Panda
snoopy I'll be right here is Kobe know
he's falling asleep all that pain can do
that to you when I pee on the floor I
don't get praise like that no closet
Toby you're such a good dog goodie
Toby's at your puppy everyone better
screenshot this is probably never ever
ever happen again nice burst
my type of pooch where you walked in
Simpsons here to wrestle with Zoe again
okay we're gonna learn remember rule
number one is camera rule number two is
probably don't fuck with Zoe rule number
three it's probably something like don't
pee or poop or something like that and
then be four or five maybe don't bite
I don't know don't watch maybe you know
what it is
you know I know what it is it's don't
watch it yeah what okay all right it's
in my mouth oh my gosh you're insane
you're nuts
look at the Simpsons is back on okay you
can't see the Simpsons unless they're
there oh my god did that just actually
work there's no way that just worked
I know but I remember about four or five
days don't drop off things he's
literally watching the same time
literally been ten years since I've had
a puppy and I forgot how they're just so
crazy and so rambunctious and then they
just pass out I guess it's just like a
kid or a baby or something I guess just
like you know the kid would be with
probably a little easier than the kid
just goes crazy and then just passes
right out you're just so this is funny
it's like a flashback when ten years ago
when Zoey did it
he just wants to hang out with you so
bad
yes finally buddies just took some time
he saw something barley going up there
so he's like you know what I want to try
this
hey Zoe it's okay he just wants to be
friends are you so crazy man I want to
put some freaking whiskey in your your
water and you'll fall asleep you have to
come bud you trying to shoot you
almost shaving myself right now you're
literally biting the hairs I'm hip here
thing we're gonna we have to give in
this to your mommy Charlie has a has a
new best buddy look okay yeah look how
big it is Marley Marley oh yeah I want
to mess with her either oh shit fuck I
don't want a puppy you don't want one I
know you're trying here bud he's trying
desperately to become friends with
Marley I know
cuteness overload today I just wanted to
welcome the new pup and I figured that
you guys would like to see him the
currently unnamed pup that entitled pup
so if you guys can and have liked
getting cool puppy manager dog names go
tell Melissa on her Channel
I'm so sick of calling him untitled or
dog he needs a name so I hope you
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe and have a wonderful night
okay
