they come in here like what like oh yeah
that's nice
look at these two happy-go-lucky dogs oh
my god it's freezing oh I think you just
broke it here's III really think yeah
you did look over there there's peace on
the ground
peace on the ground right next to you so
we gotta go to the other house right now
we're gonna basically paint over that
red wall the living room wall we've
noticed that some people I don't know
just don't have style yes they like okay
generally people are looking at that
house or a little bit older so they want
just plain walls so I think neutrality
right so we're trying to basically make
it blank for them trying to get their
coffee and cookies
it's like I don't care I just want a
cookie just give me the cookies please
Zoe was doing it well sees us hanging
out in the back just chilling I like
doing the whole look you guys did not
get a cookie they have changed their
apparently this is the place that we
used to always come to they have changed
the rules I guess it's like the only
place I should wish to they got Papagena
I wonder if they do this anymore
I don't know go back around sure Thank
You Tomatina my dogs did not get the
free dog treats so we'd like to have a
puppet email please oh you know what we
went to go pick up coab so he can go
swimming with us a little bit later it's
a beautiful day it's like overcast I
just love how he sits no he's just
leaning like he's like yeah just put the
window down I was do it he does it's
like oh yeah that's nice
flopping in the wind
alright this is gonna be a project so we
got a prime at first I know that just
the fact that people don't like it see I
want to take that I wanted to take that
away from them they don't deserve it you
know that came with the house
I mean it came with the house so I guess
we should leave it with the house well
okay we're gonna get the paint i had a
paint sample and then we'll go out you
can go do whatever you want backstroke
you know Swan dives what do you want to
do okay look at these two happy-go-lucky
dogs who do you think she's going first
Kobe or barley what are you doing
yes here you go in the pool what's going
swimming
obviously this is not the paint we're
putting on this is the primer because
everything is so freakin red I forgot
how dark this was and it's kind of crazy
already it's the thing is it works for
like a younger generation of people but
I think the people that are coming in
looking at the house unfortunately are a
little bit older so they come in here
like what and I think they they can't
envision a blank wall so what we're
doing basically is giving them a blank
wall so you gotta let this dry and then
we got to do a new color of whatever
color we decide a more neutral color and
it's funny these two wanted to go
swimming so bad so you perks up every
time I say it goes swimming or the
swimming but you don't go see go on
there go in the pool you know I don't
have to watch you it's like I have to
watch every time stick come look at me
swim come look at me swim
so far it's looking already crazy by the
way this isn't a color we're doing it
this is just a primer because we had to
kind of like cover the darkness of the
red and is the only way to particularly
do this and the girls have been wanting
to go on the pool the entire freakin
time
and once it'll swim so other pool
swimming is it cold
oh my god it's freezing okay hold on the
ball gotta find your ball use your
bandana you got to take your bandana you
got oh oh I'll make it there to what
girlfriend Yeah right
you see girlfriend see him he came out
briefly he said hello and cute at the
same time the funny thing about Kobe
walks balls the wall he doesn't care God
bud
here but drop it I don't know if you've
ever seen I think Kobe is actually in a
book somewhere we're diving so deep like
what he's a lot younger he can literally
corkscrew to the bottom of the pool like
six feet under the pole like five or six
feet under the pool depending on
whatever pool was Kobe being a doofus
called the Gator back to see it every
time he hears the girls and when any of
the dogs barking out here well ass I'll
come back I hate you so much what I
think we're gonna do is we pretty much
primed a majority of the house we
couldn't reach a lot of it we definitely
couldn't reach up there so what I think
we're gonna end up doing is I'm just
gonna hire a painter and maybe just
prime this right here and then this
finish out and paint this whole thing
and then they'll be all done and we just
basically it's just like safety because
we don't have
my mom just stole it was that our ladder
doesn't go up that high and that it I
don't want any of us falling and if I go
up there I'm gonna fall foul he goes up
there she's probably gonna fall because
I'm not holding on to the ladder - this
is so far it's kind of crazy see how
much lighter it is just with the primer
Coby where's your raid ball where'd it
go Roka one two three
tired to make my mom's life a little
easier Moses don't watch Kobe
so we're taking a Kobe to Melissa's
house cuz this is gonna watch them very
cold utility now
all the stuff I decided to do an amazing
I just made Ali and I the most amazing
dinner for her helping me Shh don't tell
her that I ordered it now I wouldn't
make it look like I did it it's not
being fake it's being resourceful I
think it's the word way to use it fresh
out of the oven man hands right now get
rid of the evidence
that's some queso cheese for people
don't know how to speak Spanish I'm just
kidding and I worked for hours and hours
to make chips sauce
these are fresh chips I made these
myself and burritos I actually went i
milked the cow and then it made the
queso super fresh and then I actually
made the bowl if you guys didn't know I
went to a pottery class wait there's
actually glass so I went to a
glassblowing class oh that's what I get
confused and then I blew this anyway
that sounds bad I blew her there's no
way around this I blew the glass to make
this cup and then I actually went to the
pot okay that's what I was confused I
went to the pottery class to make the
plates and then a painting class
the painting I did a lot didn't last
couple days just in that little bit of
time of alley going to get diesel I've
been eating it I know you know upstairs
