Zoe's as always alleys culture silicon
alleys computer and currently going to
the computer hospital I don't know why
this has been happening oh my god it's
actually worse there's like a fault or
like a defect in the paint job of this
car you guys can see this whole thing
has been peeling and I went to go see
about the whole like getting it fixed
they have to add per you know the whole
thing number they wanted $500 for just
the whole piece of the glove compartment
that I fix with a clamp in gorilla glue
they wanted to do this whole thing for a
couple grand my dad is like a he built
motorcycles maybe used to paint and do
all that stuff so he said to go to a
hobby shop and get black glossy enamel
paint and have Ally painted because not
me
and well you know see if this works so
DIY fix it so I'm not paying two grand
for that little bit of freaking paint I
can't believe they still wanted like
five hundred for that little piece in
the glove department got it fixed
they're like 30 minutes this is gonna be
an interesting trial not sure if it's
gonna work but it's definitely worth
trying like I said my dad has done he's
built countless motorcycles he's won at
the Daytona bike shows and all that
stuff so he knows what he's talking
about so if this works I'm gonna be
stoked if it doesn't I don't care
whatever at least we tried it I don't
think it's gonna look bad even if it
doesn't look perfect if I do it's gonna
look really bad Valley goes we have a
chance we have a shot I am very hopeful
I mean it's not a bad situation like it
doesn't look terrible but it's more of
you know it's like one of those things
where it I know it's there so it bothers
me and this might be the answer and
here's the thing if this works which I'm
very hopeful it would only cost was a
dollar 89 to fix it versus $2000 for
something that's just cosmetic just like
I think I fixed the glove compartment
for under $20 or something think the
reason why it cost so much if I didn't
own a those like C clamps and that's
where the money came in the glue was
super cheap I think it's more fun doing
it this way anyway
you think we should put like flames on
the side to do it like a number three on
there and just do some freakin awesome
flames and maybe one of those were they
rat packs right on the front of the hood
actually is working came and tell all
just like blends together good idea dad
yeah I wouldn't even thought about that
I was getting so bummed about it too
this is just spreading think we have
success right here good job it's not
obviously it's not 100% we probably have
to do another layer but I mean for the
most part it's so funny that mosquitoes
got for you and they never touched me I
never get bad so guys I talked about
this Ally when did I talk about this a
few months ago the thing was a few
months ago we had a sponsorship deal
with honey so we partnered up with them
a couple months ago like Ally just said
they asked again if we wanted to kind of
do it again and hands down I said yes
because I truly liked it and I still use
it I have been before for those who have
no idea what I'm talking about I'm gonna
show you it's a free extension I was
trying to think of the best way to
explain that it's a free extension to
your current browser and what it does is
when you go to a website you know
whether it's like a pizza site or at
Walmart or something like that there's
like this little icon on your browser
you click it and what it does is it
searches the internet all automatically
and applies the best deal to your actual
like checkout process I'm gonna show you
but honestly this is one of my favorite
things that I have installed my computer
because I use it all the time okay for
example
I bought this stuff right here for the
trip for the snow trip
it's basically dog wax for the feet
turned out I didn't end up needing it
but it's always good to have that just
in case you know baby for the next snow
adventure anyway so I used it for that
just recently but I also use it for
pizza you know Ali and I we pits all the
time so I want to walk you guys through
really quick just using like a pizza
website what I kind of already did is
added this into my cart so I didn't have
to go through the whole process it's
kind of like those cooking shows where
if somebody puts like a like a cake in
the oven and then three seconds later
pulls it out because it's already pretty
done I figured this would be a little
quicker oh by the way this is the
extension right here
already says it found 44 deals and it
kind of shows you it all right here so
you don't have to go one by one let's
just click that lets go to the cart so
right here it has this whole situation I
found 20 20 active coupons so we just
gonna hit apply it's gonna - it's a
little Bill Nye science guy magic I
guess you can call it so what it's doing
is this testing all of them right now so
you don't have to do
that manually and see once it finds it
it automatically puts it right there for
you so we just save $4 or $16 Pizza is
now 1284 obviously you don't have to use
this for pizza if there's a website that
has the option for a coupon code there's
a possibility that there might be a
coupon that this thing might be able to
find for you so here's the important
part the download this for your computer
go to join honey calm slash CTFxC right
here on the screen or actually it's bar
down here right there on the screen I'll
actually probably not right either just
gonna move the text so it's right here
on the screen or it's in the video
description so click it go check it out
and install it and tell me in the
comments what you guys end up buying and
what how much you save because I wanna
honestly want to see if we can beat each
other's like I won't have a competition
is what I'm trying to say I say four
dollars on a pizza so I want to know and
see if you guys can beat that that is
your mission I want to say thank you
again for honey to come back to us and
letting me show you guys and sponsoring
this video
and I just I honestly think it's awesome
so we'll check it out guys
yeah the boring thing of cleaning these
stinky dogs on this vacation they kind
of got a little dirty so especially
walking around and all the ice come on
guys let's go who's first oh they'll be
scared
everyone says wimps how about you want
to go first this is actually my favorite
part about giving any dog a bath is the
aftermath of how happy they are they
hate it before and during but afterwards
they're just look how Scruffy's okay
he's so scruffy this has been the only
time that we've been able to clean them
because it's actually 75 actually 77
degrees right now and it's been like 40
so I can't really do it otherwise don't
you first
you hate everything else if you love
this part
you know it's really funny the way I
know the dogs are dirty as I use Marley
as an indicator when Marley starts
looking yellow that's when I know it's
time to clean them because every time I
clean her she's bright white yeah a
little bro do you want one
actually can you give cats a bath it
sounds like a stupid questions obviously
I've never had a cat before I feel like
they're pretty self-sustaining nothing
would give her one because I feel like
she'll kill me
it's like night and day give the pong
off nice and shiny I'm not requesting
that everyone comes upstairs with me sir
well last cat I think I was uh upstairs
around my way upstairs and I was greeted
with a surprise so Marley hasn't been
feeling good for the past I think two
days or days since we came home her
stomach has been a bent on trouble and
rumbling I guess you could say yeah so
we found a nice little surprise upstairs
yep fun times guess what we're doing I
should say why are you shaking she's
shaking though shake she thinks she's in
trouble you kind of are you kind of are
but at the same time you're not the kids
know what you want I was just so bad
when that happens - I look over talking
about poop so trust them take the dogs
for a quick walk and I'm gonna go back
to doing what I was originally doing
which was I'm going to kind of like
clean up a little bit upstairs and the
room that I originally started filming
in for my channel which I have been it's
been vacant on that channel for a very
long time obviously you guys know that
I'm really trying to push myself to like
get back into it and do something a
little bit different this year do
something a little bit more challenging
House obviously knows this because I've
been kind of struggling with ideas and
content but I figured you know if I'm
gonna do it this year I'm just gonna be
very true to myself kind of the same
conversation we had yesterday and I'm
gonna put out also wall very much but
I'm gonna be very true to myself and
like
put out what I want to put out and when
I want to put it out I'm gonna try and
be more consistent what happened don't
know she oh no I did I guess yesterday
Alan I pretty much rambled for a good
five or six minutes right yeah a long
time about things like you know about
the daily videos and why I do them and
where they come from and all that fun
stuff
Allie kind of brought it to my attention
and I didn't realize this or everything
I was going to do this no it's off so I
thought the light was on I've always
been curious what I did on my designer
what I've done on this day for the past
2000 10 11 12 13 14 15 and 16 obviously
stays the 17th and just kind of see yes
because we started sometimes forget the
thing is touch it on that May 2009 so I
kind of want to just take a quick walk
down memory lane and do kind of a little
bit of montage Eclipse of some of my
favorite moments from those days for the
past X amount of years I just said so
for the first one I'm gonna do
January 10th 2010 that's a little
mouthful right there so the first one
the first one that's a little mouthful
right there yeah I'm just gonna take
this all over again I'm not even gonna
edit that one out because true nature
yeah you're like that it's been
happening since that time yeah it really
honestly has but I just don't care I'm
just gonna filter Charles on filter down
this is from 2010 On January 10th
heading to North Carolina oh it's cold
in here
you can tell we're in North Carolina
chef court Gordon Gordon Gordon chef
Court right risk our Google beanbag
chairs
are you ready for the winner get it
ready get it had a true FUBU jacket yeah
we're going home girls yay exporting the
vlog can you guys tell I haven't slept
in two days I now on 2011 when you were
walking somewhere in public and you can
see somebody struggling to open a door
because I don't know he might be pushing
a cart full of bunch of packages I don't
just you know just maybe and you can see
this person struggling as they're trying
to back into it without breaking the
glass and now the package is falling
when you're the person that goes excuse
me and wedges between that person and
the door and doesn't even hold the door
open and just continues you sir or ma'am
all right don't ever do that if you see
somebody struggling please open the door
karma it'll come back around oh you
should always lift with your back you're
always supposed to lift with your back
we're never ever ever lift with your
legs that's that's a rookie mistake
always lift with your back and then when
you walk you're supposed to walk a
really long so that way you get a true
workout obviously that was January 10
2011 and what I'm talking about in there
is when I used to have to take the merch
to the post office in the hundreds maybe
thousands and the post office would
always get super mad at me and now 2012
I just got an important email from
scooter giving all the hotels that were
gonna be staying in South America and
guess what every one of them has
internet way too much weight
no ciders and it tastes like plywood no
I really like it it's really good to be
crying about that means it's pretty
amazing check it out guys pretty random
yep so Zoe versus Josh my new parking
area ah sweet whatever you know now we
got a fort alright that's one use any
more uses let us know in the comments
and we'll try to build them so the funny
thing about 2012 and that day is I
completely forgot that Zoe was on the
news in the top viral videos for that
stupid shark remote-control balloon
thing Zoe's been on the news for videos
countless time Marley has as well that's
the funniest part about the internet is
all upload a video not even think about
it and it'll like go viral whatever and
then I'll really try to make a video go
viral and it never works lesson learned
I think number one on the Internet okay
never try that's what I'm trying to say
never try just give up never try Rob's
cake I 2013 now since we all live
everywhere like Cole isn't you know
Connecticut
I work out here in Florida Trav's in LA
right now doing the album I'll just
learn it well that sounds like crap
as a like period torture that all you
can hear is this space strings rattling
and 2013 Marley was still the fun police
actually she's living a fun place her
entire life and what's really cool about
doing this and I'm actually surprised
that I've never done this before is that
I'm watching and I'm like oh wow
some days are really insane and then I'm
watching some of these days I'm like oh
wow so that's what I did that day and
it's just you know even though it's like
Loki I'm able to go back and see some of
these memories like that last one you
just saw from 2013 I was actually
working on what happened was that that
was somewhere somehow I was writing I
don't know if you guys noticed a song or
I could tell the song that was so
basically this day in 2013 I was working
on somewhere somehow with the guys and
that's that's a pretty cool memory
actually so 2014 good morning guys today
is MRI day
that was king awesome why did I have one
of these was a kid don't do that at home
she took me back and grandpa like
stabbed my dad trellis trippy's senior
become a third they original so that was
a day 2014 that I flew my first drone
and you could tell I was awesome at it
hey this is kind of fun actually so I'm
just gonna keep it up I'm gonna shut up
and was just gonna keep going
my guns aren't here where are they Hey
Oh two things one how bad was that
slow-motion that's how bad even a year
ago the cameras that I had and to that
honestly just feels like yesterday so
2016 time which is really gonna feel
like yesterday how do I know if you're
actually trying to legit like look at my
feeling harm no not much kill the head
no wait
I fancy my left hands stronger barley
don't kill me just in case I'm strong
I'm scared hi kid Wow I don't know why
it's like it's one that chicken sitting
on it I can't do it
this one she'll do it in the wild she'll
steal somebody's egg oh my and my uncle
here
okay okay yet why do you remember how
hard it was to do that egg crushing
thing all right no no in your hands
there you try to crush it in your hands
no that that thing was I was almost
impossible until I think when it
exploded because I kind of moved my hand
a little bit but if you put it in the
main part of your palm it won't do it so
that was that day you know okay 2017 is
a really amazing day I'm just going to
show at you
you ready seatbelts how do you actually
do this part I've actually driven this
car this is what you actually kind of
crazy for me go go do some some tail
whips and maybe some drifting you guys
have no idea how much this really kind
of means to me how excited I am it's
just I forgot how fun driving is I can
almost guarantee that after a while I'm
gonna be driving all the time now that
you know how I can kind of have some
time off I can just see it I'm just
gonna be like this you start
driving again
but in the meantime this is gonna be fun
so that was kind of a cool little walk
down memory lane type of thing and I
think we should do that again
and I bring hello hello alright guys
well today was a pretty awesome day I
hope you guys enjoyed that little
flashback I think it was it was a really
good idea I had a really good idea that
we were able to go back and see all
these days yeah I don't want to bid she
had a good idea to see what we did
January 10th of all these years I think
what I'm going to do I think every once
in a while we should do that what do you
guys think anyway guys hope you enjoyed
today's video please don't forget to
subscribe and we'll see you tomorrow bye
actually you know before we go on to see
freaking takes this this is why I like
cats they just look so pissed off but
I'm not even sure what I'm expecting her
to do you want to see this alright guys
see you tomorrow
