you think this is the best one that
we've ever had you want to try the shock
collar challenge when we get to my house
if you're doing these things daily it's
not a lot she's a good editor that's
what I've been told that's good because
I fly things in the walls fairly easily
so unfortunately I have to put each
folder and an exported folder and I go
and like I'm just going to take
high-five kind of bunny it's kind of
funny
no in all seriousness uh the raid system
they have look at all of those oh my
that's only just sent this is only
December of 2009 I have to go in each
folder and do an export folder because I
have these are all of them right here in
Michael telogen original files all every
file since 2009 are on here oh yeah
they're all all the exported files so if
I don't only want to export this disk of
July 2015
July 9 2015 we actually good pie-face
914 so September 2014 September 8 2014
where were we on disappeared we're
looking at those shoes have I know what
we're doing
oh we went swimming so still we're still
at the other house
so this is the only way I can do it
because this has 16 terabytes and
there's only 4 terabytes left which is a
lot but if you're doing these things
daily it's not a lot that little machine
holds his whole internet life it has my
entire career on there kind of crazy
it's insane that I can pick it up and
walk around with it I know right
high-five by the way your 101 we have
these things we're gonna do one of those
giant Jimmy Jimmy Kimmel slapjack type
games and these were the craziest
kookiest things I can find without me
because I talk about this in my hands
well I felt like guilty you've always
told me I have
enhance true - the thing is I don't want
to slap Ally the face so I needed to
find something like this so where I did
slap in the face is that that's bad you
shushing magic a stick this finger up
your nose
why would I want to I don't know if you
know this Internet he loves biggest nose
sometimes forget how many 3,000 like
2700 almost 3,000 or eight years and I
forget how he videos eight years is
actually every day hey Duke witty let me
hug your face things always only gets
nervous
you sound like salad fingers right now
so we hang this up somewhere it's so
afraid - this is so heavy I mean you
know song south of heaven by Slayer you
let me I'll play guitar we're gonna play
I'm telling a deep one you're gonna be a
fourth guitarist and we're the kings
your face is full of doodoo rolled into
don't you dare long run bags of cookies
yeah we want to look ease now but we're
not gonna get up did you vote it though
did you
you think was this her he'll work on it
watch out the gap
wait let me have that thing that's on
your butt the thing that's on your butt
that actually helped can work it who can
kick it can't it so funny he always just
stare at you like no just Phoebe you go
away
Sam still used to dogs always wanting to
play so when I say can't I just do them
like a dog can get one to play with me
but it never happens Matt please go
touch that I'm ruined that's all brother
I don't know if you guys remember him
Matt come over here and touch this no
I'm not yes you are max I'll do it count
up
turning like I do on my foot no remember
when you put the dog shock collar on me
and you're like I turned it on cream put
it do it yeah oh it's not really right
yeah exactly
hey Matt you want to try the shock
collar challenge when we get to my ask
ah it feels like somebody's just like
ganks you Oh
today is an exciting day because we
right now we're actually gonna go pick
up Ali's wedding band her wedding ring
excited yeah I am
like it's kind of nice now that
everything is finally coming together
everything's getting done and then like
it's kind of crazy so we're getting
married in March so how many months is
that and we are killing it right now as
far as like planning stages we've got
dresses we've got rings we've got places
we've got food have a want them so all
we got to do now is show up and say I do
that's pretty much it right now don't
run I won't run do you all run right
I run real fast end up with that you
gangly it's gonna have to catch yeah
you're gangly I can just hit your back
of your foot we've done it I've done it
a million times when you walk and just
kick the backyard before your laser time
one two three did you get it apparently
there's a red red hair in my beard you
don't um that feels great ah come on
gotta get it I can't get it too much
you're right appreciated
there's that in Taurus red hair oh you
guys like the new intro in the beginning
part yeah you guys like that new style
and beginning of yesterday's video in
beginning of sales video that was all
her awesome
she said westenberg we wanted to try
something different and now they thought
that would be kind of cool in the little
leaves
cuz it's fall she's a good editor that's
what I've been told he's a pop that you
go a little bit I think you just
completed it is the wedding band
supposed to be closest to your hand or
is the I think it's the wedding bands
close your hand cuz like the closer you
know getting the most like dainty simple
plane ring ever but that's the one I got
this one for dainty thing for Ali's baby
hands this runs so beautiful and big but
it's beautiful I don't think it's happen
I get that off
I think that's bad luck got mine got
hers we are set originally we were
thinking about October of next year and
I kind of glad that we kind of I do an
early beach I wanted October can you
wanted March I wanted October because I
thought that it would give us time to
plan it but I feel like the stress well
not everybody says but it was more like
part knocked over this money and I know
it's gonna be stressful but I thought I
love the fall so I assumed that it would
be so much better at that time you know
he's gonna he's not gonna be available
at that point so it just worked out
better than doing a March worked out
better for everybody
and we honestly thought that October
towards the end of October would
actually kind of nice and cool October
this year was muggy and gross it's
really disgusting so we're kind of like
really thankful that we are kind of
doing in March which was supposedly
traditionally colder in Florida no
Squatch we're gonna have all like a
hottest season ever
no I think it's gonna be fine March
knock on wood March avoidance Oh
beautiful oh my that fits you well you
gotta straighten out your collar though
look at the problem that's the fun one
that's like a sparkly grandma's couch I
don't know oh man
usually I feel like it's women that are
like going out on a limb for fashion but
oh yeah boy
all I need is a white tiger oh yeah yeah
definitely it's definitely big on makes
you have really broad shoulders look how
big I bet you if that fit you right it
would look kind of cool okay I'll make
it be holding if we looking this next
album goes platinum I will wear this for
a week a week straight we second things
checked off the list next thing is to
get my dress which is in for a little
while
that's still get my shoes he was it
right you think this is the best one
that we've ever had which ones do you
think's better I think the Pug to try a
little better a nice one I don't think
it's been as good there you got a little
bit fancy though with these things talk
about eighth grade oh my god everything
right there perfect example we talked
about yesterday about the whole
flashback thing about the eighth grade
with overalls that's precisely what was
talking about now using that like
crimped hair may or may not have tried
to pick up one of those orange things
and knock it down and then knock
everything down because it's all set of
like dominoes employed and they may or
may not have just gotten a toy okay
I don't we walk across something that
toys so sure those where he is right now
I got one of those mini quad copters
because I want to get one of those those
new ones where they Maddux the DJI
Maddux but I want to get this little one
so I can fly it around the dogs Oh
Marley hates these things they had these
mini helicopters Marley shows the most
evil face on the planet like insanely
evil and now the quad copters are more
popular so that's good because I fly
things in the walls really easily well
the lady was like she's like 69 and like
um how about $30 and she's like okay
yeah I get it for 40 with 40 to 75
bargaining I wanted to say thank you
guys so much for yesterday I appreciate
it all you guys as a tips and tricks I
pretty much like shut off I would
actually turn this off in a second I'm
going to shut off all electronic devices
a little bit more just walking with the
pups just enjoying this freaky night
it's finally starting to like turn in
Florida or it's actually can I like that
like Midway part where it's actually
getting kind of nice and cool - a lot
better today that medicine I did a
little more research it should be okay
as long as I just like pay attention
start abusing just one lamp right there
that's it this is my fricking lamp
that's my my light box I don't know I
just wanted to say thank you guys I
really appreciate it all those really
kind words and suggestions
also all those challenges that people
have been sending those are gonna be
kind of fun to do and we got to make
sure we convince Ali to do that
mm medicine it's kind of funny when you
start the day and end the day in the
exact same spot same spot I'm letting
this thing charge right now so hopefully
we can try this thing tomorrow I will
see you guys tomorrow as always don't
forget to subscribe guys are brand new
and have a great night guys
