I mean this is like literally at the
very beginning of the seizure stuff like
behind this dude I think that would make
people want to not wash their hands
action movie action movie like the
products not working well good morning
afternoon Internet is that quite the
interesting morning to say the least I
have to tell you I'm so impressed with
this guy back here because daily
blogging not only is it every day and
you're editing every single day but do
sometimes come across the issues of
daily vlogging which is if like a
program doesn't work or something happen
with the footage you're kind of screwed
so we kind of experience that today have
the footage that some of the programs
aren't working how are you doing over
here
yeah got my coffee with the straw I
would get in a lot of trouble if I
didn't have a straw technically I'm not
even supposed to be having coffee I'm
not wearing my little things right now
because if I wear them it can stain this
the way that I have to drink coffee it's
not either extreme good with a straw
while I'm wearing them or I have to take
them out completely which I've learned
my lesson with that and I take them out
completely because also I don't know if
you guys can tell I consider my tea to
be relatively white but these little
thingies eyeteeth they get stained by
the coffee I love my coffee and I don't
want to give it up but at the same time
I don't want to have yellow teeth I'm in
this dilemma do I go with the yellow
tooth and then pray that I can brush it
off with my toothpaste or do I give up
coffee
what do you think I should do I'm not
gonna have him answer that because I'm
what he's gonna say but anyways I'm
actually keeping I'm very clean these
little thing you said there no I haven't
given you guys like an update on my
teeth but they seem to be getting pretty
uh straight I'm pretty excited about it
my teeth have like moved a lot since I
started doing the ClearCorrect
and I'm pretty happy with the results
there's a new product and they're like
you have to pay for the new product I'm
like are you referencing Photoshop are
you referencing the other thing in
Photoshop it takes you by one thing and
then it goes old and they're like
I'm not going to help you with it like
the products not working it works on
your computer but it's not working on my
computer so like but I didn't do the
update you did you updated your computer
last night
well when I was up this morning and said
there was an update Zoey what do you
think about the update no not having it
this morning there was a little bit of
an issue when we were trying to get the
vlog up along with many other issues
this morning when I went to go and you
know clean up and create the thumbnail
it wouldn't let me go into Photoshop it
basically said that it wasn't like
supported there was an error like there
was an actual error with the program we
couldn't figure out what it was and we
had no way of actually getting into
Photoshop I know that when I woke up
this morning and saw his computer and
had said that it had updated I never
updated my computer I never really do we
were able to send all those photos over
to my computer so that we could put it
on to Photoshop but for some reason it's
still not working on his now they're
telling him basically that he has to get
a brand new program come on stubborn dog
hop on action movie movie action movie
while Charles is uh trying to figure
that all out I guess I didn't get the
whole gist of the story with Photoshop I
know that when that started happening I
went right to him and he called somebody
but there's we have no idea I mean the
thing about electronics and especially
about anything I mean this to do is like
the computer and apps and things of that
sort
it's definitely not my expertise it is
way more his expertise so when he can't
figure out something he gets extremely
extremely frustrated so these are the
moments when I walk away I go and do my
own thing and get things done and then I
just let him be because it frustrates
him so much when he can't figure
something out and I'm kind of the same
way but with different situations but
when he is just so frustrated so that's
what I'm gonna do I needed to go relax a
little bit I have a meeting like a phone
meeting a little bit I don't know this
is a long time ago because I was on
camera for just like
really brief amount of time I mean this
is like literally at the very beginning
of the seizure stuff I did notice that
one side of duck that I really had with
that whole Khepera
was that my eye got really kind of
agitated like really fast it's not like
angry no it's like snippy would be the
best word and I'm kind of noticing that
sometimes I'm a little bit more snippy
that's just an ally but just in general
with things I like with people and I
don't like it and so I think I need to
talk to my doctor what sucks is that
this medicine was supposed to be like
really good and unfortunately this this
could either be leaving frustrated with
something else like just having a lot of
stuff that I play or the medicine so I'm
giving it a few more days and just kind
of keeping my eyes out because I really
really really hope it's not the medicine
because this is the one that has the
least amount of side effects and is the
most effective without like hurting my
body like the liver and my kidneys on
stuff like that Landon was I get really
frustrated really easy I guess would be
the best word it can explain it with I
don't like that because that's not who I
am hopefully it goes away and then we
just gotta head out all this extra
stress you know with there's other
things going on my life wanted to talk
about a little bit because these things
are for and it didn't help this morning
with Photoshop exploding on me and all
that fun stuff in the vlog exploding on
me that does not help the situation at
all
one of the best things for me to do is
always just get on the golf cart and
hang out with the clubs and just get
some nice cool air because actually it's
certainly cold in Florida so it actually
helps so much better ever since they got
a golf cart
I spend my go to for just calm down I
actually put my phone away I'm out on
any technology except this camera
and it really helps a lot but I don't
know I don't like I don't like how I
feel because this comes back that a
whole like pharmaceutical like synthetic
drugs stuff I just don't like it I took
this thing I've only been on this stuff
for like a week I also have noticed that
I've had a little bit more extra stress
in my life it is past week so it could
be just a coincidence or it could be a
direct correlation so I've just got to
keep an eye on this and stuff if I start
getting snippy guys and a little angry
at you guys I probably won't because I
never am like that let me know the truth
I think what happened is my computer my
phone are on the beta things for Apple
just because I'm such a nerd I like to
have those beta things and I think what
happened is that it updated like
overnight but well I mean you know like
approving it and I think that's where
Photoshop kind of kaput s' that's a fun
where it isn't complete
I think that's were Photoshop kind of
messed up is I don't think it's ready
for the beta so here's the moment of
truth either gonna throw this computer
or I'm gonna be so freakin happy
Photoshop oh my god this whole thing
right here is because of Alli her genius
move she's like I think your computer
updated to a beta version I didn't even
know this slow claps again for alli like
every girl in eighth grade then you just
have to what look is it called crimping
your hair or it's like no it's like they
could take a cur its crimping hair it
was like a curly like really everyone's
hair look like they just got out of
shower it's like everything is all wet
yeah almost like a perm like everyone's
all wet and everyone's wearing overalls
yeah that's true unless you have a
little butthole we will be making shirts
and hoodies for the winter we're
actually doing that as we speak and I
wanted to ask you guys about doing like
sweaters kind of like actual sweaters
and then maybe doing a logo kind of like
on a side like that if that's something
that we kind of cool because I want to
do this and then I want to do something
like with a hoodie with a design like
that and on the back of the hoodie who
I'd be something too so we're trying to
do something a little bit different for
this this year's line I guess you can
call it of ikt CTFxC wear oh and hats
you guys didn't know we actually have
some awesome beatings on CTFxC merged
or how to dress like a door comm
whichever one you want to go to you got
like 10 bucks you can actually really
nice beanies it's got the little like
logo on it so go check that out if you
have have no idea what I'm talking about
put a link in the description I think
one of the first things Ally actually
helped design and then the second thing
was a hats that you guys all loved think
we need to make another hat and so when
you press it it does like a spooky like
sound I think that would make people
want to not wash their hair
children especially clear and through
yeah nobody wants to wash your hands
kids know we were talking about
mousetrap yeah but look how lame
mousetrap is now oh he's boring that's
the lamest mousetrap ever the worst
mousetrap port for anyone that was not
born in the eighties try to find the
eighties version of mousetrap is way
cooler
- showdown oh you don't know which way
it's gonna go
Alan's actually kind of cool I'd be kind
of a good challenge I think what we're
gonna try to do is maybe like every
Sunday
let's do like a challenge video so we
need all the challenges that you guys
can think of so far we have a few lined
up
this comic steve aoki sushi gave
somebody one of you guys actually send
us a tweet because you know like people
we take our photos Stephen did you know
like people taking my photos and put
them in like arcade games apparently
somebody took those those fake I don't
want to call fake with those wedding
photos of Ali and look at this and
apparently my name is Carol I'm 26 which
is nice I'm younger I go to the
University of Washington Seattle I think
if you guys have ever found my face on
tinder or any of those what's the other
one bumble take screenshots cuz I want
to see a fish I don't think no that
would be plenty of fish I think was the
first day I'm sorry that like started
all of it I was hot on
that thing right we got that I didn't do
that
I had a freaking really right I'm pretty
positive you can pick those up but you
know what whatever you want
how's such a pretty face you just make
is it hot
no no that's right way I'm not sure I
think I'm doing
you could stop it I think that's rude
it's really rude yeah learning that in
Japan that last tour really because I
was stabbing everything or you could go
to the old-fashioned way and just pick
it up with your fingers and put it in
your mouth want me to feed you
we can be really cute
the whole thing okay I'm sorry
normy like snacks and seat that whole
thing actually wasabi to say there's
this in this here to see both of us at
once told me the key is don't let us
like sit we're gonna do this throw down
your body oh yeah but then you're gonna
be your bowel movements are probably
gonna be a little rough after that
John did you see that Chicago pumps were
in a little series right and I'm just
gonna treat myself to another little
slice of my pie I'm actually pretty
proud of this thing right now don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
we will see you guys tomorrow as always
good night guys
