oh good yeah can you knew that walk to
the carwash
good glorious afternoon Internet the
novel it's a stupid way to start it in
it it's good it's a glorious day its
glitzabella ring it's a gloomy glorious
day whatever okay I brought the rain
game it is the second day of no-shave
November and I'm feeling pumped I was
right I forgot to tell him that or did
we doing that I don't think we did
guess what guys No Shave November so he
didn't shave on October 31st starting a
clean slate so that means that when you
jump into November first also the wall
you got to keep your beard Laramie
started off clean nope I want to see how
long it's you can't trim it you can't
touch you together you just gotta let
grow as such as as hopeful long as it is
looks so nice you're so handsome
now but you are so handsome 31 days from
now can you imagine if you did like a
challenge for yourself well you didn't
shave for like three months
no it's so weird oh I'm kind of happy
about this one I feel like I talked to
you guys about full-time clean kitchen
yesterday I don't know if you guys
actually really paid attention to what
was going on in the background of making
a pumpkin pie which by the way we didn't
have a few of the ingredients on one
side ok I'll be fine it's going to turn
out really good didn't turn out as sweet
as possible we still have some left over
like a Bachelet over so we're gonna add
that stuff tonight so that hopefully the
pumpkin pie turns out a little bit
better was it bad go don't get me wrong
it wasn't bad it was just not as sweet
as it probably should have been now it
doesn't look like the kitchen like a
bomb went off I mean it's not completely
clean but it doesn't like a bomb went
off which you guys know how much I love
it when that happens
usually it happens when trials gets off
of tour you comes home from something
tornadoes tsunamis some
like that comes through known as Charles
yesterday I voted
so today Ali gets the vote people then
get up okay for that trying to be
responsible and do this ahead of time
I got me reading talking my mom and I
think a lot of people they know
and they don't really think about ahead
of time
so we're gonna do it alright so since I
did this yesterday I'm just waiting for
Ally and just killing some time I
actually want to go see if that building
has actually been knocked down
they kind of see part of it and it looks
like it's still being knocked out I just
I don't know why I'm so fascinated with
that kind of stuff when they do those
implosions on the old like hotels and
just watch them collapse I watch them
all the time on YouTube and you're like
really fascinated on so I've always
wanted to actually go to Vegas when that
actually happened that a fantasy is a
weird dream bucket list that's a weird
bucket list thing I want to do it's one
thing I guess let's just hope another
casino goes under so you voted look
after your little sticker feels good
feels good
a little sticker
let's go see this building it demolished
that feels good here it's still there I
can't tell
although got right there next to that
building yeah I wouldn't want to be him
I can't tell if they've already knocked
down more actually yeah cuz they're
closer to that thing
Oh see what has just imploded it that
would've been cooler
scrap metal recycled at probably I don't
as far as the dirt and concrete I have
no idea Ali fell for the age-old frozen
yogurt trick you know it's always done
by weight and then they give you all the
little like Assessors like gummy bears
hot fudge and everything like that so
you get like oh my goodness the thing
that I wanted I only wanted hot fudge
why did you get a scoop fo that's pretty
much what's in here this looks like just
a goopy mess of hot tub you know tiny
bit of yogurt
I get tiny little bit here's like two
dollars and fifty cents - you know mine
was $2.00 yours are 350 because it was
also it's not a big deal you fell for
the trick they always get you with the
accessories and we're done
get Ally's ring oh it smells like frozen
yogurt right now stretch oh my ring that
is it's almost like it's like brand-new
leave it the Miley sketch it's
incredibly clean now we're gonna see the
day tomorrow a scratch
sex like veiny and Link no my hands are
very good that we're Hansel play yep I
got my ring it's a simple simple Charles
ring but it's not simple at all people
yeah it's not like this it's not exactly
how you good it's cool it's got these
little curved like edges beveled edges
almost it reminds me of an iPhone I like
it though I think that you chose a
really great ring one of my girls don't
choose the guy's name when you kind of
did no I didn't you chose it because you
asked me to this bullshit you I used to
I recommended some really no no no then
you should have coming at it no no no no
that's what I was doing
no it's not one thing it's another thing
so it's leaking go ahead it with hardly
turn the water off is that does that
valve right there Zoe you're not helping
so we have no thumbs
okay you're sitting in his entire bed
yeah no thumbs you get out wait I think
you can just turn the nozzle right there
please turn up we I mean everyone's
hopping what no wasn't perfect oh
there's those masks that would've been
great had we known those were there I'm
not I'm getting this thing smells I'm
trying to keep my my news I'm smelling
anything wrong things are always always
breaking and to be completely honest we
have no idea what it is all I know is I
pulled something out and
it was leaking there was water
everywhere now after all those days of
setting this thing up it's time to bring
it all back down
I know forget they're always fighters
nice place Lawrence Ness how I'm being
over is that it means fall is officially
here no matter what anybody says
and that there's a potential of having
cold weather come through it's for it
also moved its what it's not gonna
happen
pumpkins can still be here just that
single solitary bat just that one
all right sleeve them up see how long we
can keep him up we'll call him Jason the
bat sup Jason
ah yeah
okay
got a quick oh my god yes I got walk to
the carwash cut from the base and it's
doesn't come down we'll know I could see
you cut it right there he's come on
James
okay that one's James and that's Jason
okay well that worked a lot more
eloquent than uh well we figured it out
well you got a better plumbers crack
than any other plumber I've ever seen
okay say I was looking at it too it's
watch this okay watch when I move this
okay see that it's that thing it's this
thing right here
that's where it's leaking it's leaking
from that area so it's not the sink it's
actually this stupid little faucet thing
if we solve this nope going to help a
lot a lot a lot it must be this because
remember out like this things stop
spraying - we're learning things every
single day afraid of is that it's gonna
I don't know if there's wood in between
this yeah I'll call tomorrow I'll get
that taken care of I was just think you
know as long as this thing's that broken
because I think it's gonna cost us it's
your dad's with leaking hey I'd rather
look at this plumbers butt than any
other plumbers but this one did you
actually fix it
yeah holy crap I'll take a moment I'm
gonna fucking close okay everyone
everyone slow clap in the comments right
now I want everyone clapping clapping
emojis in the comments
good did you break it again we're
gloating a little too soon it's not
dripping that's true baby they okay as
an idea open us up again like you just
did and see that thing popped back
everyone slow clap for Alex oh that's
pretty impressive so if you guys ever
need any like plumbing looks like Ali's
just going to be a hot plumber from now
on I'm editing the video right now and
for some reason today of all the days
I'm noticing that I could see the scar
of when I had brain surgery wanted one
or one of the times I had brain surgery
and I just thought it was kind of
interesting cuz I don't know if you guys
have ever gotten the spigots kind of you
can see right there it's interesting cuz
my head it's it's totally healed
obviously the other is it I don't know
because sometimes I wonder myself if you
take your hand on my head you can feel
like if you were to go like this it's
kind of like a bump can be completely
honest it creeps me out every single
time like if I have to scratch my head
like doing that right there later I'm
really am getting goose bumps right now
my arms full of goose bumps it's just I
don't know what it is because I think
it's just it triggers memories and it
just freaks me out that's not what I
wanted to talk about and that's deep
obviously but I was just kind of like
noticing that you can see in my hairline
more often another because I filmed my
right hand I'm always like this I think
it's the way my hair has been growing
that you can see the scar almost we
can't see the scar you can see the scar
through my hairline it was a gnarly scar
be completely honest this is actually
what it looked like when it's healing
kind of vaguely remember like talking to
you guys
uh-huh did you guys literally wash my
brain or my skull like spray mother the
water at one point I they did they put a
lot of hydrogen peroxide and stuff in
there I don't mean this be like a deep
conversation or anything like that but
it's kind of a cool thing to have
I'd rather obviously not have this whole
situation but it's kind of a cool thing
to have like you know like when I
scratch my head or something like that
as a reminder that like there's a lot of
people that are watching this video that
I've gone through it do you guys
remember it buffer fest that little
girl she actually went through as well
so I think if I feel like I'm put in the
position or I'm in a position to where
like it seems impossible or like it's
just it's just like I don't know it's
just hard it seems hard or something
like that like it's just one of those
moments everyone has it I when I scratch
my head I'm always like Charles shut the
fuck up you've gone through brain
surgery two freakin times you can do it
and it's it's kind of like a cool
reminder to have because in my mind if
you can go through brain surgery in my
opinion you can go through anything
that's the way I have been looking at
life ever since those situations let's
just end it on that oh it's time needs
to recharge yourself and apparently it's
done and drunk because I can't find its
own charging base cold cold I like how
I'm mocking a robot right now something
that's probably way smarter than I'll
ever be and it's a vacuum warm
okay now cold back it up shake that
thing I know it's like let me put it
back good thing oh do you have a little
dance for us or something really
exciting what do you love me love me
dude well not know guys I will see you
guys tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe because a brand new and have a
good night bye guys
what do you have the giggles for I
didn't go to sleep I
