I just want to start singing miley cyrus
wrecking ball right now
that's so cool
alright so he's going for that beam
right there
almost I thought a wrecking ball was
supposed to be a ball it looks like a
teardrop yeah at it that dude looks like
he's having so much freaking fun
i canna live little drawers
time to go get this done well got that
bullshit out of the way and I got a cool
little sticker it was okay wanted to
make sure I say that I didn't know what
they gave me not gonna lie I'm having
the best luck right now not only did I
walk into the voting precinct at the
right time like literally I walked in
there was no wine a minute and a half
after I walked in there the line was out
the door as i finish as she walked me
out they start tearing down a building
with a wrecking ball good day it's a
good day to day it is today after
halloween witch for me it's kind of a
sad day because I had so much fun
yesterday I hope you guys had a really
really good time I hope your costume
came out right I hope you got a lot of
candy if you went to a party I hope you
had fun trying to figure out what color
it's gonna be best for her for
extensions you gotta look real greg hey
we're actually this like really cute
little place of tampa and i think it's
partially in Hyde Park I mean I part
where the halwa over in like soco or
something but it's a really little cute
like shopping restaurant local area and
I'm super impressed with how beautiful
and funky and unique it is I almost feel
like we're in a different state because
it's so different I mean look at these
building something so pretty there are
so many places still in florida that i
have yet to really explore that are kind
of in my backyard now that i'm waiting
for Ali we come back from hanging with
getting some things done I could wait
any longer heavy news I just put my arm
and potato salad had to go eat away from
the building deserves that dust
everywhere I didn't want to be pretty
much building dust the entire time
there's actually dust all over this
camera right now you guys can't get a
clean this that's a little bit better
just from that building right there oh
it's getting knocked down all over the
camera you're taking a big risk right
now guys maybe it's not the biggest risk
you're debating like okay should we stop
and get gas or should we wait be cheap
and wait until he get into st.
Petersburg said we was gonna be cheaper
in st. Petersburg what if the court does
run out of gas do we have to blink about
trivia traffic you know it wouldn't be a
traffic I don't after black but this is
the rest of you are willing to take are
you guys like the Daredevils out there
where your gas tank might be on it's
like lastima limit like you know and I'm
just going to try and drive a little bit
further to the next gas station or you
this put those individuals that like to
stop make sure that you you know you
stopped at like a quarter tank and you
get your gas may get a ride they got
stuff it
this is lunch you'd only watch the bill
to get knocked down it's pretty cool we
can see wrecking ball the whole time I
always imagined a wrecking ball being
like the wrecking ball miley cyrus was
on but no it was like a teardrop it was
like a little weird thing here the dogs
and Ally from outside the house got an
awkward way over there neighbors are
neighbors inside my neighbors just
looked at us weird they could hear all
of you specifically you oh now that i'm
home i could actually show you i was
talking with jocelyn finally or getting
narrowing down those little secret
project that we've been doing if you
know anywho Jocelyn is there's only
Marley toys she's also the one
responsible for the dog toys over here
Ali what else did Joslin do she did the
ugly Christmas sweaters she did the dogs
and then she's also the one that did it
we're gonna find it it's somewhere here
I was this photo right here she did this
and a bunch of other stuff for us we're
working on this cool little secret
project and I just kind of narrowed it
down with her today and we're hopefully
gonna have that out very very soon she's
really super talented so you can imagine
our secret project is gonna be something
that has to do with her talent mm-hmm
that's true it's true I love joseline
and she's like the cutest thing ever I
just love her Ali's got a woman crush on
it I love I just think she's adorable I
love you anyway what that totally went a
different way all I was trying to say is
that our secret project is now in the
works I will let you guys know any
updates as what I i will let you guys
know any a shut up sorry i said four
times because i just i don't let you
guys know
updates maybe she'll do it because i
can't speak correctly i was trying to
say that but i have no other updates
other than to tell you guys i will let
you know when we have updates shut up so
we just wanted for guy though come ideal
she's they can I bring my Fox ok we
should probably put that away now we
should probably put that away now that's
done drying it really was not as it was
really not yeah you should put this away
now you put that way now don't put that
away I'm just getting out of here you're
not building it on the right thing
you're supposed to build it on this
thing yeah this is more majestic well
then how you had saw some building on
your hand see we have to transfer to
this babe I've never gotten it this far
see I'm obviously not planned to correct
away but I'm just all about right now
balancing my gosh oh so I'm like helping
and puffing over here cuz I'm so nervous
nope sorry work better Oh every idea Oh
looks like a kite I did yeah what if you
just take one thing off what do you
think it's gonna happen we just say what
it's supposed to look like if you're
really good imposter that isn't possible
that is not going to happen I tried to
recreate it that way just not going to
happen which one you want first wait
whatever you get whatever one you get
you know Marlins in today you want this
one you want to starfish starfish you
want the blue whatever that is with that
one what the fish Marley against Turkish
those come back in the surf fish because
it is fall even though this might not
have anything to do with fall but I
don't know why but I've been like
craving hardcore really comfort food and
whenever I think of comfort food I'd
like mashed potatoes
so I guess I kind of think of like
mashed potatoes and green beans and
chicken or turkey so it's kind of like
Thanksgiving which thanksgiving is the
next major holiday that's happening you
don't have chicken I don't have turkey I
don't know if I agree me and tell it to
guy screaming so decided that I'm gonna
have one I think we're gonna start on
the pumpkin pie I made one pumpkin pie
with my grandma but we didn't make it
from scratch we made it out of the can
so this will be quite the experience I
look so crazy right now it's removed
pumpkin guts oh I want took my spit
that's pretty gross Oh what's the next
thing up to so to cut them in half and
then scrape out the seeds and all the
guts but they said not to get rid of the
seeds obviously because we did make
Chris pumpkin seeds the other day place
the pumpkin pieces on a baking sheet
face up or face down and roast and a 350
degree oven for 45 minutes or until
pumpkin is for dinner so I have to get
to that well that's just broke whoa
that's actually pretty darn cool should
I feel look good I'm gonna let charger
the other one though cuz I want him to
see what it's like how's that look guys
remember we have to save the seeds whose
we're gonna make no arrested pumpkin
seeds little a lot more work than I
anticipated
I think that's good when I child do this
lindo gato my first time ever making a
pumpkin pie completely from just the
pumpkin but I don't know I've done this
part that's easy part and I feel like I
can do this I don't know if it's gonna
taste good I got enough whipped cream
and cool whip or whatever the hell it's
called to make it taste good so even if
it sucks i can just blanket it yeah so
we baked for like 45 minutes trials why
don't you put on one of these is you can
do it hey Ken forgot I like period and
make it all nothing yummy that's so hot
babe lana min can't put a mitten on in
her soul food why not can't go like this
why not is there one in here do we have
to like you you could just do this take
this on bad boy nothing will be okay
i'll sacrifice okay see for the part it
appears what happened was I was looking
up pumpkin pie puree cuz I was looking
for the pie filling and I saw the word
PA so long story short I made baby food
we gotta figures out malo eat it she's
clear she's twitching me a pumpkin
crunch cake what ml focus on the pumpkin
pie I know you're gonna do something i
ah yeah you it and here's with a gamer I
knew you're gonna do something I think
cameras just focused on my butt too
that's right on your butt what sorry
what way to go thanks for telling me
after pee pad looks like it's soup like
broccoli cheddar soup right now does it
taste good freaking amazing it's really
my eyes are a little black cuz I didn't
realize i hug mascara on but I'll tell
you what I'm okay and I am a ok and I
kind of deserve it because I got him
earlier with the pumpkin smash on the
side of the face I didn't even want to
use it clip because I feel so guilty
right now I feel like such an asshole it
just got like right in my eye like it
was funny cuz it got like a lot on my
eyelashes but it got right in my eye and
I was like oh this isn't bad and then I
got it bad it's totally forgivable I'm
not upset at all just words the whites
don't get any pumpkin period in your
eyeball finally it's almost midnight so
we technically have to end it's almost
minute that's right we're doing this
blog all freaking day I think we kind of
did something good she's obviously
feeling a lot better and guys I feel
like an asshole doing that trust me but
what you guys don't see it's stuff like
this it was in missed it again where she
messes with me it just so happens it
just so happens it just so happens I get
caught on camera don't forget to
subscribe if you guys are brand-new and
we will see you guys tomorrow is always
have a great night guys but
