you mean a rebel you know it's Halloween
though right what the hell is going on
with mark come on I don't think she I
think she's scared move elephant I'm not
really sure what you are well he's great
we had gregg allman over here that's way
too much and then diesel it's a mix of
Travis and a lion happy Halloween
kind of like the old Charles Trippy no
good morning Internet welcome to our
video happy Halloween cutest couple I've
ever seen you guys look like you to
start a hair band like that you got it
dad oh do you look just like your mom
you really look good but you look good
pretty you're good
come here Dean let me see you want some
help
happy Halloween you want some candy she
was like a crazy cat lady what Brett
Schrauben Dee's dying
are you coming in to join welcome play
you're gonna be the one that breaks the
band up I think that's not gonna make it
through Halloween son of a bitch you
fell down again some flying skeletons
are just not meant to be
instead of just getting things for the
kids we're gonna get like bottled waters
for the parents or family or siblings
that are having to go from house to
house I think it's a good idea or beer
we're just giving beer Ali's got lunch
there's another sample bit yeah go with
that in your mouth okay more sample
please I remember we got that last year
then we get that for you for like New
Year's what do you really want this it's
got so much sugar in it there's six
times forty party drunk at 640 so six
cents for it's too much
the fact that I can't make that that
simple math when people stare like what
did they do with a camera in his face oh
it's a tiny camera put me in there I try
to make those pumpkin pies because
everything's rotting which by the way I
think we have to get rid of that pumpkin
otherwise it won't see the wise I think
we're at least spreading the disease
yeah
carving a pumpkin don't do it way before
Halloween I think you gotta spray like
Al and all those kids came to our house
we mean like it spread like the bubonic
plague Oh for heaven sakes I hate God
where she said right
Marley found the food we have now
officially filled up on Halloween candy
we are the king and the queen of candy
can you like way way too much it's
really hard to gauge how much you should
buy because there is usually like buses
that watch the drop off kits in our
neighborhood I wanted to make sure that
we get way more than enough but I'll
tell you this Charles is the one you got
through the last few bags that was on me
that was totally him so apparently the
ghost has fallen yet again you got it up
let's see there he sighs so Valerie
we're just gonna lay low and they don't
sign it pass some candy so I think that
Melissa and her mom are gonna be coming
over I don't know I am so excited I'm
not even really doing anything but I
think I'm just excited because I want
kids to have just like such an awesome
Halloween because that's the one thing I
always loved about my mom and the places
that you take me is
we would always go to these really cool
places I have a really great candy aisle
chocolate in there people these little
guys that I got we're gonna fill them up
with sand and then we're gonna put a
little tea lights in them so it kinda
like lights the pathway up to our house
totally spooky but I don't want them to
fly away because I think it might be a
little bit windy so I'm gonna put some
sand in there got a lot of leaves in it
and yeah I can't wait to feel look
getting your spooky wait why do you have
one orange one
this is blogging inception Charles is
filming and I'm filming so dumb I'm just
gonna go trick-or-treating my own ball
no wait no I want this our neighbor is
dressed as David s pumpkins if you have
no idea who that is
he gets the award for the coolest
costume so far
anyways charizard I was trying to figure
out who that was
see his Charizard there he goes she made
all those dang it definitely looks like
it let's go enjoy some Halloween you
guys can't be cooped up all day didn't
get this to work so what we're trying to
do is we're trying to put a GoPro like
right on top of our house that way we
can film everybody walking by hi you got
it yeah okay God let me help you want a
mask or something this is really
hilarious oh my gosh that's so gross I'm
sorry but I can't help you Oh oh my god
word to the wise guys to not cover
pumpkin way ahead of time somebody told
us that I read in the comments yesterday
that if you put bleach and it helps
would have been good to know that day
monka laughs I might have gloves would
have been good knowing
I feel really bad now never seen a
pumpkin turn black putting that better
no it's not better texture is it's a
texture oh I'm not getting this thing
smells I'm trying to keep my news but
smelling anything you can do it you do
it it's not even a pumpkin it look at
this it's like squash Oh
quicker you do a big deal quicker as
over driving Halloween the worst part is
the trash game today make sure you close
it up turn to get shut up probably kids
to come with a little bit of water in
there got some of the candy out so far
got our lights going it's gotta be fun
things are looking spooky around here
zowie Marley have met so many little
kids as a dragon
Zoey was dressed as their elephant but
she immediately took that off to
definitely less threatening in a dragon
costume though you want to be a team
player and put your elephant back on
there's nothing you see nothing are you
over there so this is like our little
getup I took all these the guys and I
lit them because I thought maybe if they
lit them people would walk up to the
house but it's not working right girls
are being very protective like hey who's
coming up to my house and look at this
super intimidating dragon oh you're so
scary you are so scary I'm like getting
so excited every time the kid walks up
to get candy most of the kids are going
here's my trick here's my treat
I would go they go here's my trick
where's my treat I know this girl over
here is a little super spike it was the
cutest thing I've ever seen that's what
our kids are gonna get the best views
the woman yep I'm very happy our water
was like a really smart idea people are
wanting water left and right I feel like
they're more prone to grab the water
than they are because of candy right now
you see it's kind of funny I never
somebody get to the age where I just
want to like sit outside and pass out
candy but I'm having so much fun I think
I'm having more fun than most of the
children are two girls just told us that
they were kpop dancers and I actually
got really excited I knew that that was
or is but apparently they were from some
other crazy show and they just made that
up and we kind of make fun of me
it was kind of impressive I have to say
I am absolutely blown away how many
people not only dressed as me for
Halloween but did so much detail this is
just one of like 10 I've seen of the
detail people have done on D messes work
I would actually send this right now to
him and see what that is
I think the best thing I've seen so far
is nine times out of ten Ali if somebody
comes up to Ali goes nice costume I like
your costume happen several times
there's another little boy that's there
that too just a heads up Ali's not
wearing a costume nope she's wearing
clothes I'm not gonna lie there's a
house that was giving away slices of
pizza and I went kind of looking for it
everybody be exaggerating I couldn't get
the camera out in time because she was
so sneaky about it I looked down and
Marley had like a bone but it wasn't
bone was like why did she get this bone
it was a piece of pizza crust she had a
piece of pizza crust in her mouth for at
least like 20 feet here's the thing I'm
not gonna fall to because I know pizzas
awesome she's so freakin sneaky is that
she won't do anything like she won't eat
anything she's not supposed to until she
gets a prime opportunity cuz she knew if
I was walking and that's what happened
she screwed up she started chewing while
we were walking I was like she's in her
mouth had she waited another like 10 20
feet she could have had a piece of pizza
I know what you did yep those are
mischievious eyes right there honestly
this is the first Halloween that I've
actually been able to celebrate at this
house because the last one Ally was sick
and I was in New York for I think was
streamcon and we had a couple shows I
want you guys to tell me what you
dressed as or what you were for
Halloween neighbor was David s pumpkins
I think so far that was the best costume
possible good night
