how's it going hello there sweet cake
guys Charles my classes protected you oh
god you just this little thing is went
right into my eyeball what they don't
see please stop what did I do to you
this morning you pulled my pants up and
then what did you do give me what did
you do push you away from me how hard is
her as an annoying person we have Kate
that's the see that she was the whole
time
Cailin didn't he pushed me aggressively
let me train them it
Kate's car is so cool it actually has
Wi-Fi built in that's my type of car
right there
ally we need a new car how they try to
slip and I'll go and do it
I'm trying to find those they keep
finding these she isn't as cool actually
after digging through literally the last
pair it must be the popular one under
the moon a universal look the cool thing
is they put about any fleet like what do
you wear these for go to the moon
literally it says the good moon they're
awesome I would totally get those if
those are my size I think that what they
they lift your foot up they look the
same those are where you're gonna get
married in I just decided you chose my
shoes I'm choosing your shoes so you're
gonna wear constantly why do you look so
upset right now I mean you look
beautiful
I've never seen a paddleboard this big
Boadicea that is really close a group
effort yeah tell me two people we should
get one
that's in work as planned I think
Charles is like trying to freak the
girls out and like get the to actually
offer it on them my lease don't like it
god I don't really know though you're
playing with fire girl yeah it didn't
work I feel kinda bad it's gonna it's
broken again oh god that looks bad why
does this make me so nervous I mean I
trust you and I have faith in you before
backup Oh
righty-tighty so I need to go down
tightening oh no that's all right honey
that's turning to the right turning to
the left turn to your left
good job he was moving right
God home-improvement do you think it's
the other way so we're gonna switch it
up right now in the vlog because this
thing hold on it left it on the table
hold on hon this thing right here you
guys said that we should try to do this
challenge it's called the wet head
challenge it's pretty simple you spin
things like that there's water in here
and no I thought there was a balloon -
it's just water like an abate and
there's an app on my phone and we're
gonna ask each other like trivia
questions and every time you get the
trivia question wrong you have to pull
one of these little knob air things out
these rods and then eventually it's like
Russian roulette one of us will get
soaked
yes we're gonna see who goes first by
playing cave rock scissors rock paper
scissors paper rock scissors rock paper
scissors right Rock Paper Scissors shoot
she always does scissors so you go first
oh okay Rock Paper Scissors shoot Rock
Paper Scissors shoot
I won you gotta put the head on or
helmet on your head and then I'm gonna
ask you some questions flattery so wait
we didn't spin it this isn't gonna dump
any water gonna spin it is it good any
head I don't know you're looking at toys
if you get it wrong you have to pull one
of those little rods okay if you get
right you pass it to me
antonin for love is a door hey or like
hate yeah you're right you know how I
know that that's cuz I'm flat and smart
take your wet head which part helps the
human body digest food
stomach spinal cord or 200 it was a
really good one which of the following
is not a source of biofuel sugarcane
cellulose or electricity you can look at
it - you leaking on my head it's leaking
on my head strap it in
which is the most accurate sense of
Dalek for the dogs hearing smelling or
tasting smell yep that's correct I guess
we're just too smart how large does
water cover on the Earth's surface
twenty-one percent seventy how do you
know that one is that seventy I like
seventy one at 71 now a ring though
usually appears after it these are too
easy
the largest size of battery in the list
a double a triple a double a incorrect
Philip in Milazzo what is it a battery
I've never seen the veteran really I've
never seen a new battery in Pokemon
nicknamed the building four trainers to
complete League competitions pokemon gym
gym screwed before Jackson Pollock was
an artist what was his job salesman
principal or a janitor I'm just gonna
say it's gonna be a janitor it's gonna
be something leader
it wasn't I figured it's gonna be
something weird who invented the light
bulb mother Teresa
Pablo Picasso Thomas Edison you know I
was gonna go with Mother Teresa this is
actually convene correct the
technicalities that that's what they say
but it's actually not it was stolen he
stole it from somebody branding your
life what city is widely considered as a
cleanest city in the world Byron Howard
Kobe Japan or Calgary Canada
Debbie Canada Oh what are words that can
mean two opposite things
ah Panem's Joe no names grunting Eames
I'll just look at it do your names
please
Thank You finalizar yeah
he was the dictator of Cambodia Saddam
Hussein Jomo Kenyatta Paw Paw Paw Paw
Paw Paw only as I know that I saw the
Dead Kennedys song this Walter White
chose the alias Tesla Heisenberg
Einstein Heisenberg this one Heisenberg
I'm gonna pull in anyway
there is no water technically I didn't
get that wrong the Charles told me I was
wrong
I pulled pin thinking that I was wrong
when in all actuality guys I was correct
Rock Paper Scissors shoot I thought Ally
usually beats me in rock paper scissors
paper Rock scissor grain isn't all in
the right place friend okay what color
cannot be found in the YouTube logo
yellow white yellow or red so yellow old
YouTube button if I didn't know that old
subscribe button see this would be the
last console a Sega advanced P Covina
Dreamcast master sister can't speak OB I
just remembered we didn't spin this guy
okay now we spend it now pull up it's no
good what game started the mobile
multiplayer online battle arena genre
Warcraft 3 Starcraft or DOTA allstars
DOTA allstars nope
how's it going
honestly Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Warsaw is the capital city of which
country Austria Poland or Japan Warsaw
Austria
oh it's pulling this one oh now let's
see the knee under it
zoey bartlet just looking at me like
what the hell man yeah Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
name the opening song of Aladdin legend
of the lamp Twelfth Night Arabian Nights
this is kind of a confusing one great
yes yep you're right I was like thinking
about my when did they spin Arabian
Nights they didn't sing it when name the
work that is not created by claude monet
lady with an ermine fruit-trees trained
in the country creatures well looks like
Ali won this game alright guys well if
you have any other challenge ideas like
this please let me know in the comments
and we will try to do this is like the
pie face one I have to say thank you
guys for telling us about this one I
actually love pie face we supply that
one
we should pie that one again Oh
