don't wait for me
300 John they were just like screwing
around this morning I went hugged him
and I said don't eat cuz I want to take
him to lunch and then he grabbed me and
tried to crack my back but it said he
like rip the air from my lungs by the
way that you hugged me and then he bit
my ear really really freaking hard hang
on don't take my that was my line and
then he goes I thought you wanted you
person I said I didn't ask you to Mike
Tyson that boom don't kill me for me you
guys remember that uh I don't remember
what video was where I had all those
tickets but I told you guys in Ohio
there was this one place you guys showed
me that stole my photo and put me in the
game of getting tickets and apparently
there's another one in Australia that is
taking that photo and used me to sell
tickets worst part is that I don't get
any of these tickets that'd be nice very
awesome I want to go to this how dark
this is at a bowling alley in Australia
I would love for you to like walk up and
like walk passionately
yeah that's me that's me right there
what are you that's a red light buddy
I'm like a Saanich I'm out in the middle
of the road in there continuing to go
thought you could do that something's
going on
you guys hear all the chirping from the
birds they all left now it's nice and
quiet
this is the place we always end up doing
and there's a squirrel that Holy's hangs
out and I don't think he's out today do
they I think so
I really wouldn't Florida but squirrels
no this is my lunch today this is a new
one I was telling you guys about
ultimately get rid of these things right
here that are really bad for me and
replace it was this little guy but
hopefully eventually one of the day is
get rid of everything in the meantime I
neither have I got a plate knife and
just start eating my pills do you think
I could take four five six seven pills
all at once I don't know if I could do
all eight usually shows
while we were gone those evil Birds
those berries
Oh baby you know it is the berries worm
these turn nutritious least they're like
healthy organic birds these birds with
the Trader Joe's you did actually Oh
boom good so Whole Foods - does imagine
the hipster bird he's got a beard it's
wearing flannel
it's got like maybe a beanie on the top
of the bleep did some cool glasses but
no those beanies that only fit the very
top of your head and then just some
berries some member berries
what are you playing what are you making
me film that a porn what was that
are you just playing Halloween stuff
guarantee you just playing creepy
Halloween tracks I know are enough to
know
I'm turning those off now was that
thriller the whole thing was thriller I
don't remember that being the intro I
forgot thriller is like freaking like 15
minutes long the music wheel find Ali
some dress shoes for the wedding dress
years I think you should wear these I
think you could see Ali going barefoot
right with her dress
how about I pick your shoes and took my
shoes
you picked my shoes you literally did
pick my shoes idea
I wasn't fixing for one I was gonna look
for the ones with the little toes you
know the individual toes
okay oh good we can't do a Halloween
place because we've been doing this
forever and I get to pick one costume
and for Ally to try on and you need to
pick one for me I'm falling yeah it'll
be me rock that would be freaking
hilarious that's been their luck finally
get one I got a pretty good one like I
could be me with my brain surgery I'll
be paid 1601 anyone else get that I got
it you got it immediately because it
knows that they I had brain surgery I'm
eleven eight shows the bed just because
Ali never wears this kind of stuff and
it's definitely not her she's either
gonna try on a french maid or she's
gonna try on a sexy nurse which one to
be funnier proof is the exact same thing
where is it that's perfect for you yeah
it looks just like him actually it's
perfect
you look like Travis in probably 40
years looking in my insane time okay
yeah your big Travis I do I think that's
good for you
I'll answer it later this is not work
well even I took the net off it won't
work that well that's just creepy
nice it's crazy though that they have
all the actual stuff inside it you
usually have to buy all this we need
gets you a brush got a groupie but I
basically took all eight Ali's clothes
and stuffed on the neck
I think you need to buff that out then
Oh Charles you look so beautiful
gorgeous you're doing oh my god you're
doing like the Travis swoop you guys
that's my you must be brave yeah but no
wait no this is it you gotta like no you
I like that oh you got it like I like
Thursday and Dashboard Confessional well
actually I love Thursday you look so
beautiful so this would be my Halloween
costume guess what
twice you can do twice
that's actually really for some reason
the Mad Hatter work to you really well
you gotta have a sense of humor guys
what serious stuff happens you gotta
find the humor in things otherwise
you'll lose your damn mind
literally it looks so real it's kind of
creepy I'm not quite a hot dog but I
like hot dogs
it's a hot dog so it's like I'm just
showing you I like hot dogs are you an
avatar
it's creepy one of rap tales later
oh and then this one look at this this
one's a cheeseburger I like
cheeseburgers I'm all about the kick to
hats I like cats like every person had a
Kennard concert Skynyrd
now you're getting embarrassed I love
embarrassing alley alleys constantly
cooking for me tonight I decided to cook
for her but here is my mess this is what
happens when I cook I just everything
just explodes
just call me Samsung cuz I'm blowing up
I wish I could take credit for that joke
but I cannot I have no idea where I
heard it but and it's funny as hell
summed unknown reason our neighbor or
somebody on their street is lighting
fireworks
so diesel is freaking out right now
you're right but you never do this
where's the other ones I don't know
where the other ones went I see one but
Marley Marley you're stuck under the bed
again I really got cookies I can give
you one come on lazy
it's the fireworks too freaking me out
aren't you alright you can have a little
cookie you can have a cookie there you
go pal no well then Marley's gonna get
two cookies that's not last maybe that's
okay well you know that's not gonna
happen
that whole bowl right there was full of
core the children for the children can
be can't do it too early I think I told
you guys this before one of the main
ingredients if you ever had access to
your chicken orange chicken all that
stuff one of the secret ingredients it's
ketchup
okay well flash cut two and a half hours
later finally got it done but look how
beautiful it looks
you dig cut home homemade sesame chicken
I'm like super impressed with your
skills you like that yeah sometimes when
I cook it's good there's a wait there's
a wait it's all the things yeah you're
like
crap I'm sorry but it's so good so I'm
gonna wait for hours
I'm not sure this is quite that level
all good things come to those who wait
guys nope nope I know you're waiting not
gonna happen
well if you guys are brand new don't
forget to clip down the subscribe button
and we will see you tomorrow Zois have a
great night bye guys bye leave you
something stupid at the end of our video
