that noise don't judge me guys
we're watching the keynote right now
Danny's watching it too we're texting
back and forth because we really want to
get the new MacBook Pros because both of
ours are pretty much dying as Ally's
editing the vlog right now or I should
say cleaning up and adding music it has
died on her like three times so she's
lost a project three times right now all
they're talking about a stupid Apple TV
fingers crossed
D you ready for it hi I've been trying
to complete my afternoon workout
definitely get anything done Melissa
kind of got me hooked on this app I
guess you liked all these really awesome
workouts until I've been trying to do
them and I consider myself to be in
pretty decent shape but these things
kick my butt right now I'm supposed to
be doing like scissor kicks I'm dry I
can go all the way down because I'm so
much pain good news the number one
Charles is very excited a new computer
at the new max came out MacBook Pros
right second good piece of news blog you
Minard came out which for those of you
who have not yet watched it because it's
on YouTube bread get free trial it's
totally worth it I think you guys are
all gonna love it so much
third good pieces third good piece the
news we're doing something extra spooky
today let's see if you can do a stretch
who's that she's like he's making me
stretch everyone's so sleepy right now
all right let's go do something
I was like no selfies no selfies please
while Melissa's away the kids will play
or Allie will play can you do a flip dad
can you do a flip you can't go on it do
flip somersault I've seen a two-year-old
do better than that
Melissa does it all the time
yeah Moses she goes on it every time
they wish to gets bored it's good
exercise
I think about this is the son he is that
was the left a computer open mistake
number one so we did this don't tell her
actually by the time you guys see this
she's probably already seen it probably
cursing me she was editing her video and
I was like we kind of fun to do she's
one of those salinity baths
nude no it's actually if you ever listen
to any rap songs that that place and
isn't this one which one is more vodka
wait what movie did we just watch the
movie this was filmed in there what
movie was
oh one where he was like the undercover
agent Oh Bryan Cranston interior was all
filmed in Tampa yeah was the whole story
oh stop it it's like what is it when you
like break into something like you break
into a crowd like like no for example
like if I were to like fake my way into
crowd of something like if I were
pretending to be a mobster to get into a
mobsters thing what is that word
infiltrator okay infiltrate in that
movie it's a movie with Bryan Cranston
it's called infiltrator it's all based
in the 70s in Tampa Florida and it was
filmed in that strip club right there
and not the whole it's not a stripping
movie but like and there's also places
that we've been in the vlogs that are in
the movie too so if you see that movie
take some screenshots of some places
that you've seen in the vlogs you
haven't seen that because we have been
there I can't film in that I'd be an
awkward one we're going to scream again
right now and it's one of these sauce
horror things like that's scary like
houses yeah so it's like a traction
hollow scream and stuff like that yeah
and you have to wear like these little
necklaces if you want to be in the in
attraction because they can take you and
interact with you we're gonna meet up
with Valentina and dancer and we're
going to be doing a we're doing a live
show right now because you know what the
hell it's an hour-and-a-half Drive so on
you down hey hi do you guys see the
little fuzzy Pew about the camera I had
no cell phone reception anymore so we
had that pretty much ended a little
early
this is gonna be kind of creepy I'm like
just cuz it's not you know stop being
part United maybe like you were out in
the middle of nowhere I've never done
one of these things do I've gone to the
more product more official like
Halloween Horror Nights and
howl-o-scream and stuff but I've never
gone to a little haunted house or
whorehouse whether this is a whorehouse
I've never gone to a whorehouse
thank God never horror for her house
no weapons allowed that's the scariest
thing in here right now so Danny
Valentina came and hung out like full
paragraphs to me I was like what she's
asked me about the video so they
wouldn't call the video today I'm like
they understand they know what's going
on right now
yeah they know I know she's back you see
those little green things on people's
necks I don't know if you guys can see
them they can grab you
it's like very interactive a little
terrified of this one I don't know if I
can do this I can do it so you can see
all those people are really really into
it and then it gets a little dark over
here
what am I the only one has got a prepare
press greeted isn't it just get so dark
over here no one else but guess what
everyone gets a free necklace entering
it was a lot harder to film in their
eyes
I can't see anything
I could see the rope they really cool
down
oh you can keep its okay thank you
you might like it yeah I don't like that
that's very good oh my gosh look zombie
painful we might have to do that way
scarier
any like Helen high notes or anything
hello stream that I've ever been to my
peril it's like too weird yeah it's not
nice to like stay tuned no no just that
fort buddies may have just told us that
we can't hit them in their head with me
people headshots are allowed these two
who are like really good at what they do
everybody who loves you you've already
lost Danny and Valentina unfortunately
can't film inside the thing like we had
the privilege of overnights play
protect us bad you got a bed okay focus
never the next shot its flanken I don't
think I could do the interactive thing
it's too frightening shut up Danny I
appreciate it
okay babies they just left me on that
one they're good friends great friends
here Danny getting yelled at like put
that phone away key that worst part is
on the phone I hear when the guy with
the
there's a turd on the toilet and that
one turds on the toilet
hi yeah he's just following us around
see you next time
well this was fun I think Ali got couple
friends now hope she gets another friend
you get a couple friends I like a baby
she is in the middle of Florida there's
a haunted house and it was fun Jeff fun
ally loves scary stuff okay
oh hi again where they parked right next
to you we survived movies they're dead
oh my gosh let's go in my face thank you
guys so much for watching today's video
if you guys are brand new may be coming
from vlog your memory hello and thank
you welcome and don't forget to click
that little subscribe button and we will
see you guys tomorrow as always bye guys
yeah hey my food with you
that's way too ended you guys
