good morning Gekko okay fine
good morning Internet we're home
everyone is exhausted
I feel like slightly well-rested but not
completely and I think that that always
happens after you travel but that is
anymore she got over it really fast but
the dreaded cleaning up after travel is
where we're at right now and the car is
a freakin wreck
it's disgusting I don't even know how it
gets like that what we do our vests are
covering up especially with the dogs on
the dog's fur we try and do our best
like cover the entire car literally
ceiling-to-floor with like blankets
sheets towels anything you could think
of and somehow it still looks like a
bomb went off and you're like a dog bomb
I get bum mixed so it's like a dog fur
or slobber hair dirt
and everybody just realize that grosses
huge mistake
all right so this is kind of interesting
in the years that had this car now three
years old I've never once lifted up this
compartment over here the one underneath
the back it has all this stuff I thought
this was where the spare tire would be
but I have a question does anyone know
what the heck these things are for I
feel like it's something to strap it
down something down and I'm assuming
these are for the the tires I've never
seen this tool before does anyone know
what this one is I literally never seen
this one before
that again doesn't say a lot because
I'm not the best mr. Fixit in the world
I just thought it was kind of funny that
I had this car
2013 for so long and I've never opened
up this area I don't even know if this
thing's right we're also missing the the
top part dreaded running errands being
in a car all day cuz we were in a car
all day yesterday but we're just
continuing it today of course we had to
stop by Best Buy went to Best Buy I got
stuff yeah and we're gonna pick up a few
things at us I should say and then now
Charles is at Petsmart I feel like
that's the second most visited place
amongst Charles and I that you get to
see in this vlog besides now I check the
back end so it's probably like a closed
like second place with Target but we're
there today dropping something else off
I feel like today was just a day of
ketchup in it god it's so annoying we
hate it we hate it because it's just so
boring but I don't know I had a question
for you guys so so Charles and I were
like you know we want to try and do new
videos and do things that are funny and
fun and different and we have really
been considering doing some videos that
we in the past couple years we have not
been comfortable doing because we
weren't I don't wanna say that we
weren't secure with the situation but it
was more that like it was a little
hurtful at the time but now we're like
you know who cares we are happy and
married and in love and just things are
good we wanted to do a video kind of
around mean comments but Megan not so
intense what do you guys think about
that would you like us to talk about the
mean comments that maybe we're talking
about doing that something around me in
comments but or doing some type of skits
or doing something I don't know just
something different that's fine
walk in and his girl like Oh little girl
was so cute I walk in and she kind of
like start smiling and I was like oh
she's a cute dog and I wasn't wait in
line and her mom's like hey are you in a
band I'm like yeah she's like are you
and YouTube I was again so I don't know
where she is
oh look at her oh go say hi let's put it
in the video okay we're just talking
about you this is Tara and this is your
mom and that's Macy
for a day hours courier service
runnin errands with
Alley handling here like the Maze Runner
the every two games remember when we got
those ducks we rescued him out of that
place that's a great flea market
don't don't judge that it was just a bad
person well here's a good thing if you
don't remember I like you know and that
was the day we rescued a bunch of ducks
Huey Dewey and Louie yeah they're living
at animal bird sanctuary best obviously
last couple days we've been in the car
my god I don't know I always do that
like I go into like that that twinning
90s music like 90s yeah
are you happy to be home I know this is
like your rug in your spot sometimes
you're really cute and I yeah oh why are
you embarrassed of the camera I always
feel like diesel is like really shy
whereas Marley and Zoey have grown up
doing this and diesel on the other hand
it's still kind of like me he's still
getting used to it after three years
what it's going on you don't need all of
your toys out into the basket and was no
joke just have one of the best
conversations in the world I have to
tell you when we have these like
one-on-one video calls with you guys we
love learning about your life and we
love hearing you know what's new and
what's going on and like you know your
struggles and your positives and I have
to tell you the conversation we have
tonight was so positive and kind of like
when we're having because like today
wasn't not like a tough day for us
there's kind of a boring day but it was
a day that we kind of struggled
ourselves with war news and content and
just kind of like getting back into the
swing of things because we're still kind
of in vacationer to get back into
we're still confident vacation mode
talking to our friend Mitchell tonight
and hearing his positive news it just
kind of like took this this kind of like
mundane bland kind of not it was a
little frustrating not knowing what to
film today but taking that day in that
moment and it just like completely lit a
fire under our butts and just like made
us such happy people again I think
that's one of the hardest things there's
a daily vlogger we've said this many
times I'll be completely honest one of
the hardest things I have doing daily
videos for nine years
what 3,000 something videos how many is
it actually it's a lot it's whatever's
down there where you kind of kind of
realize where it's like one of those
like Simpsons Dennis syndromes and it's
like I don't know if you guys ever heard
of The Simpsons did it syndrome South
Park I think did an episode basically
any show or any cartoon where they do a
premise it's always Simpsons did it
because they've been doing it for
20-something years so I feel like
sometimes I get in that situation to
where it's like okay what do we what do
we do that's different what's unique and
stuff like that because it gets kind of
hard and that's why I like traveling in
tour because I feel like when we're on
tour there's some things that a lot of
people never get to see like other than
the travel thing I don't think there's
any other vlogger that's in a band that
tours like that is there I know there's
a lot of touring youtubers but I mean
like it's kind of interesting to see
some back like back to stage kind of
antics because you're there's no way the
Kings we do some pretty stupid things
yeah like a backstage and you get to see
these bands and I feel like that's a
very fun unique thing that we do but
we're at home the struggle like I'm a
normal person
yeah and it's it becomes hard it comes
this like struggle trying to figure out
are you watching this cat just chilling
she's not mad at me anymore and it
becomes this struggle where like I try
to find something new but then it
becomes the final call Simpsons did it
because that's just too prestigious yeah
the Simpsons are like here and I'm way
down here you're not you're no Simpsons
are I can't you can't see on the screen
right now it's all how big the Simpsons
are but it comes to this thing where
it's like uh what do we do oh yeah how
do we make this day interesting
I want to say CTFxC did it yeah I don't
feel like we made an insensitive
Mitchell about is you know like content
and how we were struggling today because
we're still in vacation mode and how we
had things we had to do when we came
home we had to just like two and a half
hours getting all that crazy he's still
in there we were talking to more like a
you know there's these days obviously
that we cannot figure out what the heck
we want to do and what we need to put
out like is there anything about these
logs that you think that we should
change or that you want to see and it
was really nice to hear him say to us
first off don't ever do anything that's
gonna make you uncomfortable don't ever
do something that is against who you are
as as I basically don't do a person
views yes and I loved that he said that
because I don't think we ever do
anything for the views but I think that
we do things like we push ourselves to
do something different for the vlogs
does that make sense yeah no I feel like
a lot of vloggers kind of come into that
situation to where like you yes I know
rego what do we do let's do this maybe
this will be of shock value this will do
something crazy do it for the views that
like I feel a lot of a lot of people do
it drama the drama
I'm intentional like it just happens and
I feel like that's a horrible thing for
YouTube and I just like a horrible thing
because it puts so much pressure on
daily vloggers because the whole point
of a daily vlog whether not like your
life is mundane or your life is the most
exciting thing because I feel like we
have a normal life when I'm on tour I
feel like it's a pretty extraordinary
life every life is a real but it was
just nice to hear from him saying like
you know don't do anything that's gonna
go against who you are as people don't
do anything just for the vlogs you know
make sure you're doing the stuff that
makes you happy and to have him say like
I like what you do I like that you guys
are putting out what's very real and
what's very true to you because nowadays
more people are focusing on the views
the views and so they're they're talking
about the drama
that's like ensuing on YouTube or and
just in general and I love that we try
and stay away from that I'm not gonna
say that we always do but I love that
try and stay away from that but we were
very well want to be authentic well you
know the thing is too is like a lot of
people say like I missed the whole
YouTube and a friend of mine you guys
obviously know Tyler Oakley he tweeted
something like saying like you know
people say I missed the old YouTube but
in reality that old YouTube still exists
all those og youtubers are still still
there and they're still making video
they're making great content like cat
videos they're still here but people say
the YouTube is I miss the old YouTube
and I'm guilty of that too but YouTube
has a whole dynamic has kind of gone
from the whole this is a lifestyle what
can I do next and how do I grab these
views these eyeballs yeah a lot of
people were like we went on a little
rant on that one Emily I don't know it
was just was out that was like a nine
minute rant but the reason why sense but
the reason why I was bringing this up
was like it was just nice to talk to him
because we wanted to talk to some of you
about like you know it's a new year and
every year we want to try and progress I
think is the word progress with the
times but also still be true to
ourselves a lot of us that this starts
like we like what you do we appreciate
what you guys do it's so good for us to
hear like we love hearing it I know it's
silly but it really is just such a
flattering thing because what it does is
it kind of those dates that are tougher
for us and harder for us to film it like
like I said it lights a fire in us and
it gets us excited again about doing
this because Charles I know struggles
because he for instance been doing this
for 11 years I've only been doing this
for 12 I've been doing this for over
three years and those three years every
single day yeah but still that's my
point is that I know I've been
struggling and a bit of advice that I
wouldn't have to give any youtubers
trying to start this I see this on
panels all the time don't do it for the
views that content you're proud of yeah
I think that's kind of like the whole
point of this rant and I hope you guys
enjoy what you do yes sometimes this is
good for Ally and I just to kind of get
whatever is all of our chests and just
kind of make no sense
are you recording the cash
sorry the camera has like a TV right now
so it's one of those things where I hope
you guys are cool that's ranting like
this every once in a while because
sometimes it's good for us to just talk
okay
coming back let's come back a little bit
battery's gonna die swimming so what I
was trying to say is that the whole
daily vlogging thing came out of
something that you want to vent feel
like that's still the true nature and I
feel like that's something that I always
want to I don't care if I do this for 20
years I still want to be true to that
fact and I feel like be true to yourself
true to myself be true to the Internet
oh yeah I'm only Charles and I'm Charles
YouTube I'm Charles a musician I'm
Charles the husband husband I'm Charles
brother's brother I'm not a sister of us
are you so so you gotta like kind of
stay true to that stuff and the number
one thing I would always have to say to
you guys don't do it for the views do it
for yourself that's beautiful like that
that's great alright we went everywhere
we just I'm a little tired I think I
went one way and then jumped here and
the jobs there but whatever I think you
guys got the point we should have done
this wrong one take Sunday to things
well Rica one she's got a lazy eye on
her left eye I can see there we go and
to her baby teeth I think we showed you
this earlier but they really grow their
baby teeth are coming in or leaving I
should say her real teeth are coming in
look at her eyes see she does it every
time she's such a good girl you're such
a wine look at see a lazy eye but she's
just lazy
in one eye I think it's time to edit
that big long rant I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe but like check out all the
stuff in the description and we'll see
you guys tomorrow as always as always
you guys know that all right bye guys
that's way too freakin close see ya yeah
