today is the amazing release of vlog you
mentoring phase today it's finally out I
know a lot of people are wondering how
you can watch it I know there's right
now it's on YouTube bread they were
talking about putting it on different
places like on the Google or like the
iTunes I don't really know to be
completely honest that will actually
come out soon I think people who donated
to the movie or helped it actually come
true will get like a special link
because I know that's like one of the
main things people have been asking
about I am overwhelmed actually been
refreshing my Twitter account just to
look at to see responses and you guys
have been loving it like right there
there's another 50 right there there's
been so many people that has worked so
many hours and so many years of their
lives I think it was like four years
right now it has been a toll on like
everyone who made the movie and for the
fact that it is now out and everyone is
enjoying it and just rejoicing I guess
it's just like a giant party to answer
you guys's questioned
Morgan just said Morgan Spurlock you
know like one of the directors producers
of the movie just said that it will be
available on DVD win I have no idea but
hopefully that kind of like I only milk
DVD is kind of even relevant it'll be
available don't worry you will get to
see the movie I promise after all these
years and all this time and effort into
this movie you will see this movie I
promise you and this was just kind of a
beautiful opportunity to lift weight off
all of our shoulders about things that
we've always wanted to talk about but
we're afraid to talk about or didn't
know how to talk about and that's on
medication I keep getting distracted
sidetracked they're switching my
medication now to yay
focus trills focus car ride these only
got Zoey in the back and for some reason
we have Marley up front I'm starting to
think that she feels this is where she
belongs I went to bed around like 12:30
and woke up at about 4:00 because
Charles takes his medication at 4:00
a.m. and I could not fall back asleep
so I've been up since 4:00 a.m. I might
have dozed off for like 15 minutes here
there but I literally have been up since
4:00 a.m. I'm hitting like a wall right
now I think this was a great way for all
of us in the vlogging community to say
things and it's great movie I promise
you guys medicine I think on their
vision there are things in the movie
that I've never seen in a vlog or
Shaye's never said in the vlog and you
get to see the daily lives kind of cool
to be able to speak on a different level
I wish life was that simple where I
could just go in a car ride and feel so
complete feel like it's like the best
thing in the world nothing that that
doesn't happen because I do love writing
the car but feeling dogs just love it so
much but the windows down they can see
everything they can smell everything I
guess what I'm saying is I kind of wish
I was a dog
Oh sweetheart Charles Charles
where'd it go stop where the crap is you
they were freaking out they couldn't
find you I thought you were gonna jump
out of somewhere where's the of arlesian
care Susan here our awesome front Adrian
right from Colorado found out our
registry and got us the cow look at that
so Adrian is responsible for the cow
ornament I was like drinking like
Powerade and Sally had it hanging right
here and I was like drinking and I was
like we got the cow house Thank You
Adrian definitely didn't need to do that
man back back again we are back to get a
pumpkin yeah - right there all right -
put those up there wide one or do you
want to call
and you do not pick up like Ali so it's
cool but it being possible to actually
carve so much to round you want like a
flat surface I think it's got the cool
stem we are still procrastinating on our
costume but can you make a cackle my mom
could do the cackle that's a very
terrible cat colonic
that's a terrible I still care terrible
stop stop it you can't get America
there's a lightsaber
see well you can't be if lightsaber I'm
sorry honey this would literally just
cut that in half
I might even go management accuracy
Miley could be a turtle and then we can
do her that breakdance thing she does
all the time
a turtle our back Super Mario Glover I
know you get points on that one 10 bucks
that makes sense what rings don't we
have your dick hang on
I don't like that that just sounds like
a human doing it that was such a
beautiful woman inside and out she just
saw that person right there that was
actually homeless and she's like I wanna
get some food and some water
see that's why she's an amazing person
that's why I'm marrying this woman the
reason why I'm always keeping that in
the video is because it's kind of a it's
kind of like a life lesson if you ever
see something well no that's not exactly
why she did it but we did it because
yeah it takes five second that means it
takes five seconds to go your way I'm
his birthday is April 8th and you told
me that when your is very beautiful and
that I should never cut it and he said
you know
so when winter comes is like a girl my
fear not and I'm like really how long
have you had music down here and I said
oh my gosh I said this probably took you
forever and I stood that I said it's
probably really really hot and he goes
it is that's why it's gone if you guys
ever see somebody like that just you
know everyone's in the same boat we're
all in the same boat we're all human
we're all trying to survive and
transition oh my God look at that we
could have that floating around the
house where are we gonna put that one
out tree but when we're done with the
tree what I don't like that kind of
thing it makes you feel like I don't
like gory stuff I like comically bad
stuff I think that's why I like this is
totally random I like new horror movies
now is that they're getting more more
like kind of like intellectually scary
and kind of like this interesting versus
this like saw style versus gross and
bloody
maybe they are just funny why is this
cigar coming out of your nose though I
don't know it's so weird like you don't
you should get it just for the hat and
rip off the mask
baby one this is oh that's like what you
every time you want to do something I
don't want to do it this is your face
poison here the kid crying as you were
doing there that kid just loved that
joke yeah stick between your legs there
there they turn you on that quick good
food yep
yup that time here guys
miss
I don't even know how you fix that good
job this is the saddest thing I've ever
seen
oh my god what's wrong with this human
he loves Halloween you get to dress up
and do all the decorations really into
the decorating they're warm
I only like them I love it
it smells so good in the house so you
remember these and we're just gonna do a
traditional jack-o'-lantern
oh yeah the ones with a triangle eyes
you know the ugly teeth square teeth is
definitely how do you do this base what
do you like this like this is the face
I'm looking at it's just kind of like
it's Murphy so would you we're gonna
curl it like that so I'll carve it like
people carve it like carbs ours are the
dark mom yeah right now oh no you're
gonna have a cheap not there so we're
gonna cut and we cut a cut okay
oh look there's a camera in there try to
get the gun off the seat that's possible
okay ready
awesome Santa make life a lot easier
when you wanna cook them bacon
you bake the unborn what TV show that
I'm actually glad we did this inside and
not outside so we were like outside
trying to get like a picture with the
dogs and yeah this little right here
when you're sitting out there for maybe
like two minutes and then we start
getting attacked by the mosquitoes so I
said you know what let's not do it
outside let's just do it in our
perfectly bug free beautiful home you
know what the beautiful thing about
having your own house is that you can do
whatever you want I remember doing
things like this in my house my parents
house and they're like don't get a mess
I'm like okay and I'd be so careful
about thing this is terrible look you're
fired
that's just throwing gunk in there no
I'm gonna seriously fighting it you're
done you're seriously done I will give
you five bucks if you chew and swallow
there goes know what's really funny is I
remember there's a video somewhere a
husband find it my dad and I had pops
carving a pumpkin it's so funny I could
see myself in the situation I think I
actually have it hold on it's grenadine
he's laughing off the side of his mouth
we did some research and pumpkin is
apparently good for like puppies and
digestive stuff ready three two
don't judge me thank you that's the
other way babe else goes the other way
my stupid-ass pumpkin for this year so
this is my favorite part of Halloween
Allie loves the decorating and the whole
dressing up mine is pumpkin carving and
then making fresh pumpkin seeds
