body as always my editing buddy Marley
you know what to do it these are you
done so he keeps doing dictation so my
computer keeps talking to me no don't do
it Joey your ears keep it in hey come
here slowly but surely good morning
think Miley still there yep she's still
there Zoey's taller than diesel he's got
a giant head Zoey ha he's always kind of
like you and I'm the short one like
diesel guys by the way just looking
thank you Mike microscopic by the way
good morning guys enter at your own risk
so we have to start our Halloween
decoration shopping exactly so many
costumes i no want to be three men we
made a video so crazy no pants hey we
want to be a sexy sassy pirate be a good
char does all villains that makes me
cool that's it trouble
you stuck me with some women there you
go danki funny there's a dog puppy dog
dad is awesome actually this is dinosaur
you take this show like giant sumo suit
can make the inflatable one two giant
ones how about you get this and then
I'll just a zombie and the very people
this is like one of my favorite places
that I've come to pretty much every year
for halloween where I get like my little
add-ons for my costume yeah there's a
ton and I think it's like a family owned
place but I'm not kidding you there's
gotta be like over a thousand different
types of styles of costumes like this
room alone is like our disco room our
disco 60s 70s like this is what I should
do yeah I'm gonna pass on that one the
kitty purry looks like a very literally
look it's birthday birthday hats with
just sequins on it but I usually come
here get like my little add-on to look
Cheech and trunk we're trying to get
ideas possibly a whole outfit because I
don't know if I really want to make one
this year but I'm not really sure we're
having a hard time cuz we're just gonna
pass out candy so I don't really know I
want to dress up I know that's a crazy
thing for me to 6 i'm like the halloween
queen but i don't know i found one I
kind of think we should do poppers that
should be a rock star I actually was him
one year who's that one oh well that's
not a good walk so I was actually um Axl
Rose yeah I saw that I was like chickens
Axl Rose for Halloween one year if I
still have that I'll show to you guys on
the screen it was pretty rad I looked
really awesome yeah shit I like it when
you call me big pop every daddy I know
big daddy no you can stop now in your
dreams earlier you want to be Hugh I
should I should've wore this as we went
to the Playboy Mansion I don't know how
well that would have been perceived but
that's probably keyword I like that very
much I'm not sure he's my boy though
he's your dog for boys pardon me really
wants to do like the pop art couple I
thought
be kind of cool look at this guy one
that's pretty rude I'm really liking her
wig I don't know I kind of I like that I
know it was kind of a thing like a year
to go but yes this might be the perfect
costume for job I don't know if I've
ever told you guys this but it is like
one of my biggest fears and we were yeah
Pennywise come movie it oh I just hate
it so much move I could be a be Charles
to be a beekeeper oh look at that
there's beekeeper and those are supposed
to be my movies but I don't see it oh
that would be me I would wear that one
Holly where that way no I would be this
one is fascicle I give you a buzz it
does be good book I know right look at
this bumblebee cuz it's not that cute
people only one pay 30 bucks per top gun
but still right he'll like boys oh hi
I'm the patrol border patrol officer
that's exactly what I thought when I saw
that look how happy you got when you saw
that it's funny I think this whole
section is funny because it mostly kids
watching this video right now younger
people watching video they know it's
movie that is terribly representative no
wants him no one's dressed like that
goose over Tom Cruise no maverick or
goose may be Iceman maybe I Spanish he
might find cold sores who knows I never
got these costumes but why would you
want the head and then you're under the
head I don't know it should be a face no
I mean like it's just weird like hi I'm
scooby-doo with I'm not really seeing
he's like on top of me like I completely
cut him open and I have a scooby-doo
Roger turtle see these are better so
you're inside the thing so you're
actually a turtle that makes more sense
or cat or panda bear I'm doing the bird
and just sad panda there's piece of
beads over there wait
who does that look like doesn't look
like Daniel Tosh to you know anyone else
okay I thought it did I was walking
around here and go back in my hole I am
stocking up on the rest of our halloween
decorations and then this is it we're
gonna hang everything up and that's
gonna be it I hope turned up good pearls
Michael makes them really shocked so I
know I got a lot but I have a really
cool plan for these guys and more
cemetery stuff mechanics pookie have a
ton of pumpkins they've got some new
headstones and then I got a bunch of
different lights and some other things
so I'm thinking this is gonna kind of
complete what we're going for it's a
little bit kiddush but I think it's
gonna be super rad I'll he's already
starting over them to kitchen fix that
though I just want to see what it looks
like a Halloween still cannot be pretty
it's supposed to be foolish and ghoulish
halloween is super poppy I got some
fishing line to all of it fell down all
of us fall down not all the most with it
more souls to our grave well I'm gonna
put like maybe forget more here so our
entire house is gonna be a graveyard
which branch yeah the one close to I
think it's gonna be the best oh that's
much that was not as successful so I
thought it was gonna be there char
second time's a charm whoo how are we do
okay so we're gonna hang up some ghouls
and goblins and some bats okay I know
exciting
alive
you
no do the good one dude right here now
it should babe it should be floating
right here in the middle of our yard
drive away I'm gonna hit the car
of your part that's the car that was hit
us oh we should find him milk you got it
per shot I couldn't even do the first
shot here's a big grouper
there's our car wash his price tag is
still up there fixa gonna funny is this
your sister yeah I was Caitlyn guys
everyone run is dropping yep for a
second hey Kate watch out for our
ghoulish schools it was that good I wish
it was 2008 with that one now we're
hopefully gonna scare them away so we
can eat her own candy which limb are we
doing that's kind of close just like the
invisible dance almost throw it like
you're throwing into a dunk pink you go
that's good because that one's high this
was flying higher this one can't fly is
that a good flyer one day I'll be good
House continues to get spookier and blue
gear Oh God look there's a giant
spiderweb right there then I'm in a
graveyard and look there's bats
everywhere I'm going to try and like
this up a lot better and we got a ghoul
hanging up there can you see them it's
kind of hard to see right now but that's
him right there it's right right right
there that's him right there we're gonna
like line this with a bunch of tea
lights and stuff and I think we may be
like witches and ghouls and goblins when
we're handing out the candy so I think
it'll be pretty cool no problem so I
made a bandana out of paper towel lover
I no life hacks I'm gonna try to have a
life hack in every video until I ever
get T if you didn't like it I could have
taken off to you don't have to rip it
off I have a question for you guys would
you guys like us to come to a pizza
place like take for example this place
and have them teach us how to make pizza
like throw it up there and then put it
into the oven here let me know in a
comment if you guys are dumb people in
the comments let me know i will talk to
you whatever pizza place that will let
us do it what do you say Kate yeah yeah
we can eat it on story Danny you know
Danny a hunter worked at dominos Danny
was hunters manager yeah like bankers
oh stop complaining military tactic what
are the names of the four teenage mutant
ninja turtles really Nardo Leonardo for
gotta tell that's it no more just
psyching myself up the Constitution of
the United States we the people of
United States in order to form a more
perfect union yes should have this
memorized if you're not from the United
States then who cares sure domestic
tranquility right okay provide for the
common defense promote the gym this is
propaganda secure the blessings of
liberty to ourselves and our posterity
do ordain and establish this
constitution for the United States up
America turned into a bunch of
propaganda educating the people James
Madison oh well instructed people alone
can be permanently a free people are you
put on that break okay I was gonna ask
both Trump and Hillary if they
understood anything about one educating
the people to the Constitution of the
United States cuz ollie knows everything
now because she had a little pet of
pamphlet from the pizza shop exact site
tell me the First Amendment all right
well of this girl right I'm gonna bridge
your speech I want to go home miss
peaceably to assemble and to petition
the government let's go I'm gonna drive
the damn car well I'm totally gonna read
this tonight
early what are you guys doing over there
diesel hauling guys gonna make me drop
my phone I just got it I don't want to
drop it
