Oh time to go home Thank You Canada we
were fun
two
all right and all the years and all the
place been taken that pilot whoever that
was made the greatest most soft landing
I've ever experienced I actually usually
only have the agent or something like
that this guy was just barely he'll like
usually play a game like to close my
eyes and I can usually tell when a
players about the head like it you can
feel playing kind of like this lift up a
little bit this was perfect this was a
gradual this sounds like a pillow
landing so Bravo because we all know
that you're watching this video right
now although you guys remember a long
time ago years ago when I used to hide
the quarters and the doors in the past
race like chickasha and I used to do and
now pilot actually found it and emailed
me it actually started removing a lot of
the ashtrays so I can't really do it
anymore
boy dig it promised if I see an asteroid
I will put one in there Charles can't
surprise me so I'm gonna surprise him
I'm gonna try and go and surprise him at
the airport as he lands hopefully I can
complete this mission because i just
texted him and he said he thinks that
they're descending now and I'm like 20
months an airport
but i'm not really sure I control when
you can
but knowing Charles will call me when
you get some 21st i'm trying to make
sure this i think i got here early not
really sure little bitch
is that a surprise you want my sample I
told Charles that I'm set publix and I
kept calling him to kind of figure or
texting him I got to figure out like
where he was and regrets like his flight
landing an expense or so told us at
publix
oh yeah give me one of those grab-and-go
sandwiches I didn't get one are you
excited look I actually surprised you
for what I know actually kind of good
scared me the worst thing is I'm
listening to a tutorial video as you
scared me so I'm here just guys go and
all you gotta do is go files say that
that's good I'm glad usually can't do
that I know I did good this time and it
really good good job I love you more so
Ali did the most amazing thing and
surprise me but the thing is she doesn't
know where the hell is she parked Iran
cuz i got there late 077 way that's
where he's hurt no need oh my gloob and
this elevator
this is a test later talking today
that's the roster night fighting yeah
that's it look at me that's it we have
this tracker for our car so we know
where it is for exact moments like this
hit the unlock alarm button on a car
I thought it this elevator because I
zelda referral traffic park
do this
no I'm sorry
such a doofus I don't have planet my
surprises better yeah just a lark isaam
good surprise up I know okay you want to
see something though what they won't
people see it what the crap cameras
broken the hint you should show them on
my camera okay we'll just show you on
the other camera so this is me talking
you guys and this other cut the other
camera seems over there all broken oh
cuz it has a stupid what it's like a
watch battery watch my watch screw no
matta watch food yeah or an eyeglass
through you know like little tiny screws
is the stupidest design ever and so if
like you use the hinge on the camera a
lot which I do it just comes looser and
looser just like your glasses become
loose all the time and it popped off go
first to the life when you're doing a
surprise like this make sure you figure
out what luck here make sure you figure
out what level that you're on all right
honey so I'm picking that up get up it's
like you're lactating
found it
that's our little dance like I screwed
up and then I found and I recovered
myself dance they're destroying our door
yeah they lock the door how did they
unlock the door are you didn't tell her
I didn't my phone's way over here you're
so full oh that is oh we get in I'm
a tally take me to the grocery store so
I can get my sandwich
you're buying your buying west of Olives
really all the park
this chicken another lecture
noisy that's the chicken you know we
should do what we should make a also try
to make sesame chicken again wow you're
gonna cook for me only these right yeah
they're weak a house smell like
listening that's okay shiny dress right
that's fine we're life hacking over here
so we need green onions right now we
don't want to buy a bunch of diamonds so
Ali is getting a salad so we just got
extra green out onions like that or
cheap at what everyone calling I didn't
show you my travel hat I'll show you
next time i'm at a hotel I showed a like
how do you get free water out of hotel
without drinking from the sink it's my
life hat I have a little life hacks or
college hacks where everyone calling Wow
present to you like you your brakes or
hit the acceleration so we're gonna pick
the ground running today guys and we're
gonna try to get Ally's ring done today
then I'm going to take this camera AK
you guys right now back to the store and
get fixed thinks she might be looking
maybe a rose gold yeah I think that's
what she was looking at last time we up
handsome Ali was wrong and it's not
camera wait boy you were wrong good okay
yeah nothing that I'm wrong I'm wrong
yes I'll glue t'en wow this is Santa
Mike we see him everywhere what did he
hit Rudolph is that what that means no
halo hey Santa
sin is not very nice smiley Santa
wait I've been good thank you hey enjoy
florida enjoy your day off your your
month whatever it is yo ho nobody said
who loving he was singing along with
they're like oh ho that's funny is like
goofy Santa ho ho wait wait wasn't that
what it says my jumped up a new zealand
um mario does it know Goofy's sound like
that oh you just fell I fell off I'm
sorry Oliver bridge I'm i fell off a
bridge guys cuz it was just like hey i
was like ok he's definitely forcing
himself to get this bridge because he
just kinda like oh there was an MMA
fighter on there Ben was having a hard
time jumping off that thing that's why I
was freaking out like Ben's having a
hard time right now so I'm gonna have a
hard time and only weighs why both of us
did it was cuz there's that giant MMA
fighter that was up there with us I like
at a seven year old man knows that he
was like clothes only five it was 75
years old he's jumping out that they're
good for him what a cool dude he said
you only live once that's what he said
to us I know that there's gotta be safe
I always say that I have no regrets and
I don't regress but I don't I have no
regrets but there are times where I'm
like I wish I wasn't so scared cuz when
I did it I enjoyed it exactly no make
sense it does
this is like the most sad thing you've
ever felt
tired we'll go back for any more i
started a new website and it's all based
on you Charles called slushy sounds like
Skrillex no it's called how to be a
weiner calm Paul your website call down
the cameras gonna fall yeah it's like my
glasses a song from Ali and I look very
frightening I look like Morpheus you
guys like the blue pill oh you know what
a nerd took my medication i was gonna
say i got a blue pills like you guys
want the blue pill or do you want the
red pill i hope you guys appreciate the
quality is can be coming in the next
clip or two because we're driving like
an hour away to get this new camera
because I else Charles decision i just
want alone out there a weekend because i
love him and you got the internet and I
Love You internet for that oh my God
look at that
this is blogging 101 never ever do it
this way never do it it's not attractive
ever I want you to take a photo like
this sighs and I want you to tag me on
instagram all right first clip on the
new camera who wants to do something
cool anyone bar they want to lose yeah
let's do some cool do you want do some
cool over there that was pretty cool
i'll give you okay that's cool that was
cool for the first clip write a novel
clip that was cool she's had two doing
so many cool things here to do it again
doing cool thing so i get so I hit the
cool thing okay that was cool thank you
d be cute what do you want to do it's
actually cold out geez did you squeak I
don't think you squeak
