I'm trying to get a flight home early to
surprise Ali you guys know that's like
my favorite thing to do she thinks I'm
coming to walk tomorrow in the afternoon
okay thank you you're welcome but you're
all set it apart tonight and 840 p.m.
asana Delta Connection expressed it
thank you that's one of the few times it
actually worked someone going to do the
daily vlogging panel such screening red
carpet meet all you guys and then go
home and surprise Ali it's gonna be a
busy busy busy few hours are you still
in bed oh you say don't mess it behind
sleeping there's way too many puppies in
this bed I tried to cover up everything
with blankets so that there wasn't for
everywhere but that doesn't happen okay
okay it's good morning take my world
good morning world Zoe what are you
doing wake up yeah I'll go back to bed
oh we will go back to me wake up okay I
got it
Oh least you're kind of happy in the
morning when you wake up all right I'll
help you I cook up there you go yeah
good morning to you too you a little
freak yesterday was beautiful but the
head the wind I think is what happened
cause I feel like it's the same
temperature it's like 40 some degrees
but there's no wind so it's just very
enjoyable listening to some Slayer as I
walked through the streets of Toronto
not a bad day I can't believe I walked
past this the other day
it's so creepy and so massive you know
what sometime last week at the CN Tower
was she doing right now so I'm just
killing some time right now until the
whole blogging panel and all that stuff
I was telling you as well and I did a
couple timelapses and while sitting here
you know what you're saying at the time
lapse you really can't do anything other
than just sit there wait as in recording
and while I was sitting here I kick as
pebbled and it seems to be a part of
this monument that we were just filmed
and I got to thinking about like this is
gonna sound so stupid and probably
really weird well I'll pick up a rock or
I'll pick up a piece of like like a
stick or a tree analyze it for a long
time and then I'll think about like the
possibilities and what it saw and it
doesn't have a lifetime but what it's
seen and its existence this pebble right
here sitting on this ledge quali came
from this marble and this marble came
from some other place which was brought
in here from so-and-so place which is
handled by so-and-so it's just kind of
crazy for me I just I do that every once
in a while when I get that board but
like I have time to actually just think
I think about really weird
thanks Allie likes the column Charles
isms that's what you guys were calling
them too well Charles isms are usually
guys call when I say something stupid
this is probably one of those actually
but you don't mean like what is this
piece of rock or marble scene and its
existence was it around with the
dinosaurs was around in a renaissance I
know this is really really dumb this is
a really dumb conversation but sometimes
you guys like what I know what's in my
brain this is what's in my brain it's
the stuff they left now this rock is
attributed to filming this time-lapse
because it's holding up the phone so I
can actually do it this is probably
where they start thinking people are
crazy right you want to do just for
funsies I'm going to leave that rock
right there so anyone living in Toronto
can come get it right in front of this
giant building I don't know what this
building is
if you want the rock I know it's stupid
rock but we're just gonna play like it's
like geocaching right it has the word
for it so we came out to dinner actually
at my mom's friend's restaurant called
captain Bill's it was David well show
good her friend Deb who actually owns
this place just came out and asked what
we were getting for dinner told her what
we were heading and she was alarmed
because we didn't get their stone crap
and I've never had stone crab cover my
life I love seafood and I've never had
stone crab legs so now she's bringing
out some stone crab apparently this is
Deb this is the owner of captain bills
oh so pretty you look like an angel
looks like the sun is shining down on
your face it's closed late I have been I
only got like two hours you look good
those are mediums and those just came
out we deal we have our own crabbers
that we do and so they are really fresh
look how good that looks so I never had
you so good Deb is helping me right now
and I just dip it in there must result
so go ahead and put your kind / know and
there's a little piece of cartilage it's
gonna slide up like a artichoke go show
my mom is from October I'm filming yet
over 15 mmm I'm a 1500 and all we do is
we harvest the clock oh then they
regenerate so it's a renewable resource
look at that anomaly and then they go on
and live a very happy life and they can
continue to multiply any that's awesome
oh and this is the knuckle oh my gosh
we're so excited these are delicious
waste feel that when I come out to you
without Charles because most of the time
that day he has really bad food so I'm
hopefully just have bad food today I
can't come to Canada and not go to tim
hortons like it's like their starbucks i
have to do
yeah just word of the wise guys so pick
a good pinky hi Harry oh you can see
where everyone's dirty hands have been
so you always go down here the most
random place with my pinky
now we're going to go to the daily
vlogger panel or showing or premier
whatever it is I actually don't know
what it's gonna be fun though that's the
coolest mural on building i think i've
ever seen i took mine off too we could
have been doing it very Julian I think I
don't know Brian you ready all righty
Freddie bigger ready korg pretty oh true
i will show you yeah we're saying
something like that give her my cam but
it's definitely che talking to you oh
there's a small one up there oh that's
what that actually does are you gotta
kick it okay is it recording this
recording hi I'm Jen um I'm here this is
jess you stole my camera so we call the
cops i'm here at buffer festivals and
i'm vlogging for the first time we're
done that's the first time ever doing it
yeah come on you yeah okay sure
and i'm here with Charles really cool
and yeah I think he's cool and you're so
surprisingly he's cool no i said i feit
0 if you said the other way i'm gonna
love that okay surprisingly he's cool me
I'm also a brain tumor warrior so you
really yes awesome I didn't actually
didn't know that everyone just got to be
Jesse other connection now yes very
simple follow me on instagram at one
tough cookie club ok wait bring closer
and say one more time um was i saying oh
yeah yeah if you want to follow me on
instagram my account is one tough cookie
club so don't worry go follow her she's
a warrior and she's awesome and she's
tiny she's pocket-sized the height Corey
say hi but that's that is fun I'm that
guy there we go
sonja and she's got the coolest tattoo
ever awesome so this is the amazing cook
what is your name I'm Alex Alex okay
alex is the amazing cook I heard you
have like a killer seafood bisque I keep
you alive well anyways the food was
really awesome tonight is so good yes
this that's what we do ma that's what we
just mentioned the best all made from
scratch it's awesome hey guys i'm
telling you i'm not kidding you have to
come here and you have to come check it
out because it is small good and now my
mom's living me actually take home her
leftover such i'm pretty excited she has
one to take mom but i'm pretty excited
and officially i had earlier the mahi
stopped with crab hmm you cooked that to
this oh my god it's really good you just
come home with me I think I'm screwed
this thing we've lasted a little longer
than normal and I have like 45 minutes
to get to the airport not an
international flight I don't think that
I feel like an asshole there's gonna be
really fun phone come on come on come on
come on come on come on worst case
scenario it was worth meeting are you
guys what are we doing dude what are we
doing what are we going I'll Drive the
car I'll Drive the car
it's I fault I screwed up
they don't have any tonight tonight no 8
15 s and lettuce one unfortunately 815
yeah yeah it's 745 there's no way i'll
make that Charles and I love you too man
at least we got to meet each other I
guess that's what's supposed to happen
we're specialist this sometimes happens
yes sometimes resource made a new friend
you know is there something I believe
something is good for you you miss right
what do you want it you know yeah
something happen for reasons can't look
on the bright side okay you know
otherwise would go crazy so of course
I'm doing the walk of shame right now
hey Katie over here it's a the witness
is terrible walk of shame it's not that
bad it actually is it I was hoping to
surprise Ali I like doing that but the
problem is now I don't and that the
whole built the front of the video that
they got the seat with me like changing
my flights and doing all this stuff and
trick and all that happened guys shame I
like the haws makes me feel better
I read my symptoms on its wheels is that
pathetic enough and that my shoelaces
are tied this is cracking me up cracking
you up so welcome back remember how he
learns at the beginning of the video
yeah I can't believe it I had to do this
I was trying to call Delta I was trying
to surprise you and come home early but
I missed my flight so it's a walk of
shame bit oh I got my hip high heels in
my hands my mascara is like running
right now since I couldn't make the
flight I figured since we have
tickets are being in the
there's a reference right here otherwise
yabbies was it just sounds like you're
going to offer you a whole fearful yeah
I think that's what we did last time I
don't love you guys can tell so much I
like frames and this little trailer
thingy or treadmill whatever you want to
call this three times now the end got
our back to the other end and just keep
going back and forth in circles it's so
pretty
yeah look at my eye it might cover his
eye oh look at you scary's probably my
favorite place all the jellyfish
perspective shot
hey buddy these are the ones that i have
just very very very large incredibly
lighter is that another perspective shot
I Dwarfs my entire hand these ones more
terrifying looks like they have claws
that was fun kinda nice to just go off
and do something by herself and just
kind of clear your head an aquarium I
feel like it's the best place to do that
but how do I not miss my flight I would
not have had the opportunity to go to
the aquarium which I'm actually very
thankful that I was able to go to
because last couple days it was like
great in front of my hotel I was
actually kind of bummed that I couldn't
go so i guess the trade-offs Canadian
tacos I hope you enjoyed today's video
it was a lot of fun meeting a lot of you
guys guys always like going to these
things just want to say thank you so
much for the support over these years
watching volume entering again just kind
of rekindled all those amazing memories
there's what I thank you for I wouldn't
be here in Toronto eating a quesadilla
in my socks on a bed in a hotel without
you guys weird right don't forget to
click the little thumbs up button right
now before ever get up and leave so bye
guys
you
