good morning chef you're more nearby
permissible so we just got done doing a
awesome panel on social blue book here
are you sure do I actually have one wait
no our summers on stage just throwing up
our dinner you know I have what I hope I
don't tell about fit it you know it's
really gonna find and we took a photo
look at these drug this so it's not like
nation oh you really can't yeah yours
it'll try to be like one of those magic
guy things that won it on camera when
your shirt mores oh you're such you're
so hip to the film industry collab
that's got you know I got my baby from
25 do that saw the Cardinals your your
wedding have you told if you show them
your suit the wedding suit yeah yeah you
have okay yeah it's maroon like that I
said no it's darker it's ready oh please
mentor get to see your stuff you know
it's sad oh really you're gonna know
happy I'm excited I'm really excited
yeah gonna be honest yeah i like i use i
just gave it a shame like blog for me oh
it's trippy huh we're just saying how
when walking I'm not walking probably
not gonna give anyone vertical right now
look I was walking and you look up in
the clouds are going across the tower it
makes it look it's falling I don't like
that no sir don't like that shakes are
doing a time-lapse because we're so
close to the CN Tower clouds really so
when you see me do this time lapse is
only because of che yeah I'm stealing
his idea time left it's too good of an
idea not to do I'd be stupid not to it's
kind of harder okay straight up there
isn't it
you can't see it yeah I'm rolling I got
a time-lapse rolling gun time lapse
there oh I mean check it out maybe cut
to it right now
so I just had lunch with Colette and
Shay or just kind of killing i think i
would go back and take out the quick nap
before the vlog you mentary premier
really nervous and excited for the movie
not really nervous I think just really
really excited to see the movie being
completely done and released for all you
guys in the internet world because we
first saw the movie I tribeca film
festival and I thought there we can open
it a lot more to a lot of heat more
youtubers but it was really kind of
limited to more of like film industry so
I'm sure that was pretty straight shot
right there so I don't think they really
got it as much as you guys are going to
get it so I'm really really excited good
you know see that with you guys watching
that's gonna be fun see everybody in the
movie gonna be great things so cool you
guys like that time lapse the i
forgot toronto canada has black
squirrels
hello pigeon
actually just curious why do have black
squirrels in Canada and night the gray
ones there's got to be some sort of
species thing I just I'm just so stupid
I just don't know hi squirrel
okay I just wandered off into a train
museum I love just wandering around you
get to see black squirrels and run into
train museums I guess that's it that's
the only thing you get to do when you
want around by yourself tangled modest
rings see that's what I want I want a
tiny train just a tiny one you guys
ready for some adorableness all right
guys collectively 1230 all right let's
damn cute sorry this is you guys are
cute go check out this caboose it's our
birds
actually looks very comfortable
at life in the caboose now what I'm
going to do is I'm going to film it
really close but you guys you have to
pause the video so you can actually read
it
alright hopefully you guys got deposit
two things that I've always thought to
be really cool but I've always wanted to
do one I know this might sound kind of
cruel but I've always wanted to punch a
shark right in the face just like but
your target was coming towards me so I'm
punch it right in the nose and to try to
hitch a ride on a train to things that
are probably very illegal and I will
never do trust me guys I won't ever
punch a shark I'll feel bad about doing
it unless he's coming at me then I'm
this was soccer right in the face you
see those dogs back there behind me on
my corner I just got had to go chase him
down with that lady they pulled it
Marlene Zoe started running away oh wow
that's really really pretty not even
know doesn't show as cool as it does in
real life I went to it was tough please
adult died or fall off so I've done my
good deed for the day rescued some pups
started running away from the owner and
his compared like 16 I guess it's girl I
just immediately thought of Zoe and
Marlene diesel certain longing sections
that we not talk to me everyone else
it's gonna get a little window I saw a
detour though so should click it myself
just intro'd blog it matter we can all
watch it nothing
credit has a lot of credits
let your green me cry everyone
contributed we go go they're all in the
movie the poor editor had to type in all
of these names before the printer saves
my team I saw wool so I would say this
is the first time I think all of us have
been on the stage since Rose I mean
amazing there we go Susie walk it away
we're going we're gonna do the twist
though Oh like that who go on what the
heels and everything it's so cold so
windy I'm literally having a hard time
walking right now the wind just used my
jacket as a parachute like a parachute
it was like blowing so hard then just
stop it really is it's no wind at all
right now yeah guys it's windy j charles
it was windy i'm sure it looks like
they're trying to call Batman
God man where are you come on that man
all right man now you're just being a
dick all right just walking around in
the freezing cold is complete horse I'm
not doing this anymore I took a little
walk you know like when your Bloods like
flowing you're like super pumped and you
feel like you can run no not in Toronto
not right now can't do any of those
things you run but you're not gonna feel
good much better Ali week so proud of
you right now somewhere I've got short
sleeve I have a long sleeve shirt on I
have probably on
it was like the sundance film festival
went to go play in the snow I was lost
not a botanist
Oh much more
that's great honey I promise I won't
bring the cold home big Ellis today I
gotta go meet up with Shane colette on
the bridge it feels like Sleepless in
Seattle right now or you got mail for
the owner damage or check your step chat
with Tom Hanks sun che che che J hey J
go there how do you feel like your
boyfriend looks like he's like a rock
and roll biker guys is it longer great
here you build a three song based on
Santa John Gorrie guys Lenny the point
where I can't a better than nothing
just wrote a haiku after all that time
blogger mentor is finally out it was
freaking beautiful it was so awesome
they told the stories so well and it was
just so good I am so pumped for you guys
to see the movie and thank you guys all
the people that came out to the premiere
to that was actually a lot of fun and
never thought in a million million
million years I'd be like on stage
premiering a movie that I'm in with and
directed by Morgan Spurlock that I'm
gonna say on the list I never thought of
pretty awesome though I let me see your
beautiful face does your eyeball
sideways all the sideways do this that
beautiful i said hi beautiful yeah good
how are you doing watching actually
eating right now and so I ran something
I do know what are you doing here no my
go on come here to what the spoon
that's my future wife honey that's just
like how I am I don't know I don't know
either I have a question though yeah
what are you staring at you you supposed
to look at the light I mean look at look
no look at the lens that now looks like
you're looking at me creepily okay so
here's the lens you're right oh this is
you gonna figure out how to say okay no
that was the thing and I I love you
Toronto wants to say goodnight
