hey Siri what's the weather like today
awesome good morning internet it is
bright and early in the morning that
would make sense I said good morning
it's pretty early in the morning right
it's not even bright yet actually it's
super dark sun has not even begun to
rise yeah the headlights are actually
right right but my sister and I are on
our way to go pick up our mom she is
getting some surgery done today I be
getting done on like her eyelid and yeah
so we are going to pick her up and hang
out with her while that happens you
could totally wear an eyepatch make you
hard work could put like suspenders
on it so you just put it over your
shoulders and put dry patch on nobody
will even know that you had my century
look at these fancy elevator doors yes
I'm impressed by fancy elevator doors
look at you could see as you go by take
an open elevator so you can smell the
shaft okay actually doesn't sound very
good she just went into surgery and
they're letting us leave for a little
bit because it's gonna take a couple of
hours but I wanted to show you guys this
how freaking awesome would it be to have
that as your parking spot The Wizard of
us instead of having to sit there the
whole time which they don't necessarily
recommend we're going to go ahead and go
grab some breakfast and then by the time
we're hopefully done with breakfast some
time will have passed
and she'll be done so my mom definitely
dressed for comfort this morning I think
she had every style on her money so she
not even style like every occasion right
yes more like every question so she's
like yoga pants but then chilled is like
button down shirt I would be comfortable
so it was a casual and the JED the
sweater on the maitre looked like she
was working so she was like it's like
casual Friday attire and then our shoes
I don't know entire water shoes but I
love my mom my mom is her excuse was i'm
old i don't care i just wanted to be
comfortable hey buddy how you doing I'm
sauce woozy the next all my buddies kind
of directed me this way I had no idea
what Matt basically it was just an
excuse I'm not supposed to be here right
now just to get other cold weather let's
be a birthday party universal sign for
where the party is I should have really
thought this through before walking out
here I think I should go there's got to
be like an H&M or something like that
maybe we can get something a little
warmer it's been the hoodie so these are
just not working right now and since
it's like a red carpet red the red
carpet type of thing today and this
weekend I feel like I shouldn't get
something a little bit nicer a little
bit nice and refined like a blazer if
dots were boredom under my dancing and
the award for the most interesting
restaurant named so far i give you the
burgers fries
exactly okay going here I want to go
find and they believe and I hear Canada
has a few yep justice is a crime scene
over here see some maple leafs are so
much thicker than others well this one's
a lot more pointy you got you didn't
know autumn maple geologists canada
Oh feeling I always my voice nice okay
yes yeah well cover just in us so we can
hear all the instructions you just in
case Gina them or call them thank you
okay let's head out this all looks like
a giant spaceship like a hidden
spaceship Toronto's building a giant
alien spacecraft if you didn't know that
and I'm breaking it here this is what
happens when I venture off myself I get
a little delirious I think I'm wearing
clothes to be but I'm not sure that's
totally be one day speeding the pigeon
he's enjoying life oh yeah throw them in
there why not smalls massive I walking
around I found this place I figured its
people in place to stay warm
but I didn't realize it was like
looks like a giant train station excuse
me can find some sort of jacket of sorts
directory come on
there are three levels to this law that
one two three I got a classic Motorhead
t-shirt obviously this was a little too
small and then I want to go without a
brown blazer jacket it's not switch it
off and then wear my black jeans and my
compris charlestown i should say i don't
know if this a little bit probably
completely just massive everything but
my feeling or what do you think as kind
of works they're gonna had no sense of
style I love these shirts because it's
like Jerry I completely screwed up I put
the new shipment order and a box of moss
and then the managers like who cares
it's putting out there Oh in charge
doubles okay so this is another option
it's the blue ornate and then I just
switched that with a cover of own ships
I couldn't find my hilariously ironic
white Slayer shirt and it works good
surgery my mom ended up having a biopsy
done on her eye and her eyelid I'm sorry
on her eyelid thank you and they ended
up having to you know do biopsy for a
reason and then because they did a
biopsy on her eyelid what they ended up
doing is they took a skin graft from
behind her ear and then put that on her
eyelid which to me is like the craziest
and coolest thing in the world and that
your body can adapt to that and like
brief form itself okay well I'm dressed
up as much as I'm gonna get dressed up
what's is the wedding Ted Bobby all
fancy over here so making you look a
little bit Shadia
I don't know where we're supposed to go
so a little bit a little bit like a fish
out of water
I don't think I've ever been in one of
your videos really I don't think maybe
like five years ago I feel you have to
connect something about plenty o like
yeah that was 10 years ago i think i was
in a blog when I saw you how that was
the first year was that one is the brats
Greta mom those are like the videos that
was before chocolate rain actually they
was before Tyga rate that but just
search for punchy and you'll see eggs
you'll see you throw Bobby over there
so we're trying different ideas of life
up like a half up within and down this
is something it's kind of pretty like it
but yeah I was really cool it's like
this really pretty is that a fishtail
right
this great Morgan companies what rear
bumpers ready yes my first right way to
get in for the night this is it my first
buffer bed Morgan's partying over here
living it up trade bloc in the fall he's
covered for me is actually my vodka all
right
what we do what everyone else is doing
it won't say hi let's go hi are we gonna
do one of these their stalls own all the
way the ends walking around hi Mike I've
just gonna hang it up with Falzone over
here I just texted him we don't know
what we're doing so we're not doing it
together yeah we just exactly
photo by the most acrimony a ting photo
both of us together yes yeah little bit
of spillover that image it sucks cuz
they're like 30 photo okay we both look
at each other it was like so close to
tired
I guess we gotta cancel
so now we are going to be awkward over
here
drink more over here all right you're
just us I don't drink holy red carpet
walking is so awkward this is so awkward
no reserved for future creators and Plus
Ones I don't know where I'm supposed to
go you know what screw I'm just gonna
sit right here I don't know what I'm
supposed to do do i do anything there's
people up there hi there's a fence so
today has been just like an extremely
extremely long day and I'm glad that I'm
finally home it's literally like seven
o'clock and i'm just i'm so exhausted i
have a feeling that tonight's gonna be
one of those nights that I'm going to
curl up on the couch of the dogs watch a
movie and pass out probably within the
next like three hours so I'm probably
gonna call it a good night here I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog thank you
so much for watching and I hope you guys
are enjoying seeing tower over in Canada
I'm kind of jealous I know it's been a
little bit kind of like a copy weather
situation over there but I know he's
having a really good time this is
Paddington he's well-dressed you don't
look at that Paddington you're more
dressed up than I am that's actually
kind of embarrassing
to sit so I just sat down and then use
my seat so I'd sit next to Buckley and
Craig over here
the decision
i went from 17 over to the ones i feel
cool now so the first night of money
that's the first gala was pretty awesome
i actually presented something for
Julian Stella vatta yeah so how's
watching back to the hotel before chaos
ensues and before it freezes up a little
bit cooler than is I think it's like 30
degrees right now I don't know what that
is it Fahrenheit or Celsius or whatever
are still converting that whole stuff I
don't actually know the trick you know
there's like a trick it's like a quick
trick I don't know it and so we beat
again gold elevator I guess it's fitting
since we started the day with his
elevator that we should add into some
creepy twins are just gonna pop out
right now so I will see you guys
tomorrow tomorrow is actually the
premiere of loggia mentoring plate so
I'm really excited to see the changes
that make they made if in fact there
actually was any changes alright guys
I'll see you tomorrow
