I think we just present that kid okay I
thought I heard I could go
good internet it is a beautiful day here
in st. Petersburg Florida I'm getting
very excited with my head I don't know
why I am doing that but I am on my way
to my mom's max is going to MIT so I'm
gonna go hang out with Lola for a hot
second and Charles is in Canada she's
got to the hotel justice testing all
right
oh thank god that was really risky I
didn't know if that bed was gonna be
good or not I swear I didn't touch it
step one check the bed it was nice
number two air conditioning that's right
what Canada everything's in Celsius I
don't know it just means it's like cold
now I think I'm gonna go wander around
try to find some food before it starts
raining because it's supposed to start
very soon on top of that I need to eat
because I haven't eaten all day
need to get some Canadian food look at
this oh that that's in sound good
I've been here for ten minutes maybe and
I've already lost my key card I have no
idea what my key card I didn't get out
my backpack because I don't have Ally
and every time Ally comes with me
anywhere she's got her backpack so I'm
able to put things in it so right now I
have to be my own responsible self I say
that responsible part very loosely
because I've lost my card I can't get my
room
if I leave I do believe I see an
incredibly happy dog walking right now
I've actually never seen her wag your
tail so hard it's really really cute I
can't wash my mom's for a little bit
because she was taking her other dog Max
to get microchipped and Lola our other
dog she gets a little bit nervous
actually has pretty bad anxiety when
she's by herself hence why we got
another dog my mom asked if I would come
over and hang out with her so I decided
to take her for a walk which I think was
a very good idea because she's been
wagging her tail non-stop she's
literally making me walk to the past I'm
not kidding I'm out of breath I don't
know if I sound like it but I'm very
much out of breath
but she's very excited to be here today
it's so cold and it's so rainy right now
I have no idea where I'm at one thing I
do like about Toronto though it feels
like New York but it's like a cleaner
less busy New York like if you look
around everything just kind of looks and
feels like New York put it in French
there were a little nicer here too
building
for a second I thought I was actually in
the art for a brief moment he tells get
more sand worse raining 11 of the iPhone
7s waterproof ill not freaking out
this seems like the worst day to get
sightseeing but there's what is it Space
Needle you can check that off the bucket
list for today you guys remember the
last time we were here we actually was
shades pad and I think it was it went
actually on the top of that and walk on
the outer rim of that I don't think
they're gonna let us do that right now
because it's supposed to be really windy
and rainy for the next few days although
that was freaking I don't know if it
would ever top bungee jumping and New
Zealand or anything like that because
what you do the heck I feel like kind of
hard to top it play we didn't bungee
jump we actually jumped off the building
in New Zealand
walking the outer perimeters that nearly
is cool too jumping off the building so
I'm on my second round dogs if to take
Diesel's separate from the girls
whenever I walk because it's just too
hard for me to walk all three of them at
once because diesel himself is very uh
what's the right word I can't do it um
hyper crazy has a mind of his own will
go anywhere but where he's supposed to
go I know so I have to do this like
really well time to have figured out
thing where I have the girls go at one
time and then diesel in the other the
house is completely in 100 percent gone
it's kind of crazy to think that there
was a house here before and I honestly
did not think that this heart was as big
as it is it's crazy I'm trying to wait
it out a little bit longer just to see
if it kind of stops running because
right now it's just actually miserable
and I don't want to get sick if every
time I go on any one of these like to
see that anything they're going
anyone who these like you know YouTube
things I always come back sick and I'm
trying not to actually have that happen
I watched sure we're sure you guys this
actually got really smart and you know
every time I'm always complaining them
you know that able to watch anything on
TV because of your hotels I got it out
please please please babe please you to
take it out someone here know it is
I got an HDMI cable that's that's my big
surprise the super surprise right it's
we're excited okay where is it as
actually felt super super smart by doing
that
see what happened was I suck at packing
we all know that and Ali saw how
atrocious my suitcase was so she repack
it henyk smart what the hell is this
little guy what is this a rubber worm
this they always have these stupid
little channels that tell you nothing
just like Oh welcome to the Fairmont
welcome wherever we're at and you can't
change anything so for example if I try
to go down to this takes 40 minutes to
smooth okay see everything's blocked off
so what we got to do is we have to
disconnect pretty much the TV section so
we take the internal cable right here we
just take this little guy I'm assuming
this it was gonna help I think that
helped
No then play something else there you
have completed this guy have you
employed that it's well I really thought
this was gonna work forget what I said
all right if any of you guys know of a
way to I don't want to go hack a TV
hotel TV but this is a noxious why I
mean I get why they do that for the
advertising balance stuff but in the
meantime maybe if I switch it cuz it was
on this one I put it to this one oh holy
crap I'm a technological genius I'm just
kidding I called maintenance I'm totally
joking right now I did not figure this
out maintenance came up and figured this
out for me apparently what they said is
there's only one master remote for the
entire hotel and that controls
everything this is apparently some
dumbed down version of a remote I don't
know I'm talking to our neighbor down
the road okay this actually really
ticked me off
so I'd already walked diesel we like
rain around the neighborhood came back
got the girls and I went to go down the
streets talk to my neighbor who him and
his wife are actually parents to a kid I
used to go to high school with so
they're super nice we'd like really
really connected with them we really
really enjoyed talking to them so every
time we see them we stop and talk and so
I was talking to him and I had Sonia
Marley and they were we were standing in
the street but my neighbor hat was like
on his riding lawnmower and he was also
kind of in the street
and there's two different lengths so
they're in there very big it's a big
street
you guys seen it's a wide street and so
the girls were laying right next to me
and heaven forbid I should have had them
inside but I was standing behind him and
the girls were like like next to me and
in front okay if they weren't in the
middle of the road anything of that sort
and I see this guy coming in his car he
ran a stop sign
number one ran a stop sign and he's
driving and he's going fast and so I
jump out in front of the dogs and I say
hey hey hey slow down whoa slow down
he literally like flips people first he
goes like get out of the road like that
and flips me off
looks me up and he is about a few houses
down from my particular neighbor and the
funny part is that he kept driving past
this house then he went to the end of
the road turned back around to park
himself so I don't know if he felt like
an idiot because he did that but he was
an older man and I don't know about you
guys but that really bothers me when
somebody's like really rude heaven
forbid I was trying to say whoa I'm
sorry I said I'm sorry that's a little
detail I forgot to leave put in there I
mean am I crazy to be a person who
thought that the guy number one should
slow down because there's people walking
everywhere with dogs - yes we were kind
of in the wrong areas so I don't blame
him a hundred percent but we there was a
whole huge area that he could have
driven like we were not taking up one
whole side of the street at all at all
but I felt like it was really really
rude of him to do that and I don't know
how you guys feel about that I'm not a
person that if I ever feel like Charles
is in danger my dogs are in danger my
mom friends kids anybody is in danger of
getting hit by a car I'm going to kind
of like wave the person down and tell
them to slow down he was not having it
it just really irks me today a little
cooped up
hey chatter and I wanted to see how I
can find any food I always kind of like
to do the hotel like the room service
I'm I'm with Ali it's kind of like a
little treats like a vacation for us but
it's just myself I just feel like on a
lame I can't justify a $30 burger or
sandwich just when I was about to give
up I found a place and paid a quarter of
the price of what I would have in the
hotel which makes me feel a little bit
better blog so I don't thing I could
have justified that tomorrow starts the
whole buffer fest festivities today it
was actually able to lay low if you guys
didn't get there watch yesterday's video
we're out and I did it's a very long
video but we answered pretty much every
single question that people going to ask
me for years it's a great video so if
you guys have not watched that video
make sure to go watch yesterday's video
it probably answers any questions you've
ever had about us trust me it was such a
nerve-racking video to make in just you
know be exposed and just say the things
that we were saying it was a hard video
and I I really appreciate the responses
I was looking at all the comments and
try to respond to as many as I possibly
could you guys are great and thank you
so much for the love all right so now I
got some food I mean that faked whatever
the end of the god oh that was
embarrassing
this is what happens when I don't travel
with Ali I just have a giant mess of
things and I trip on myself
