okay okay let me try a my your make my
ball how big hey guys so we are going to
probably do the most intimate question
and answering that I personally have
ever done and definitely we've ever done
ever here comes bar lady here whenever
we try to do like these sit down filming
situations we always try and prevent as
much noise as possible outside noise but
having three dogs impossible oh you know
what you should do what should we do um
answer these questions
Marley come on
she's a lot um but I think what we're
gonna do is we're just gonna kind of you
know jump right into them sorry Charles
is that where they're trying to take off
the noisemaker which is the aka dollars
so Charles and I have been having this
conversation recently about I don't know
kind of getting on a deeper level with
you guys I know we haven't done one of
these in the life we've been down with
you a very long time yeah so we asked
you guys on Twitter and our Facebook
page and we have a lot of questions has
vlogging ever affected your personal
relationships I would have to say it has
in the past for I've learned from my
past relationships online we've kind of
come to an understanding of what we
should do online like share online and
what we should keep personal which I
think it's something that you did do in
the past as well it's a struggle that is
probably I think every vlogger has said
this coming out and saying things about
the personal relationships vlogging and
just doing things online in general as a
relationship or a couple is very very
difficult cuz you're doing a double bet
like that battle but you're juggling
multiple things I don't think it's
always a negative thing like I don't
think it always affects your
relationship just negative yeah sexually
so I think the good thing about vlogging
makes you focus on keeping what you put
out there positive which i think is
really important it's definitely a
juggle and I think Ali and I have
finally found our balance have you ever
watched many of the old vlogs from
before you started dating Charles how
did you feel about it I never watched
any other looks I didn't even know this
whole vlogging situation with him
existed the only time I have ever seen a
vlog from your past has been something
that he's shown me personally yeah the
flashbacks oh yeah it's in black and
white I'm always like could you
this video in the search it and you know
what do you guys help us find it that's
usually where she gets to see the vlogs
from the past just because there's so
many there's like 3,000 of them and it's
not even that seeing vlogs one pass
would bother me I just tired
I just haven't I like I just I don't
know I haven't watched him there was one
that I thought was really really awesome
which was the one where you did like the
slip and slide the giant I was actually
a year end of year one I thought that
was like a really cool one I remember
you showing me that one and then oh
that's a that's a good but I mean
honestly not really do you guys support
the legalization of weed okay so this
one is going to be a very I hope not too
controversial in the year 2016 the
answer for me 125,000 presents not even
a real fraction but yes you guys have
seen me at my absolute worst the fact
that I don't eat my prescription will
knock me out worse than anything ever I
don't like that and if there's something
that comes from the ground that's not
chemically made and I like a look at a
lab pull to your body yeah I think
dilantin could actually make me go
through liver failure so that scares me
vim Pat can make me hallucinate have a I
think I was at with Shea and his family
I was with you and you the we're out to
eat and I accidentally they prescribed
me too much VIN Pat and I had a reaction
to where I almost
oh D Don it was awful we're at center
and he turned at me and he goes I really
don't feel right and Charles can joke
around about something like he puts on a
front a lot but when this situation
happened it was terrifying it really
took a toll on his body and you know I
know a lot of people that have children
that have awful childhood diseases and
the only thing that helps these children
are you know this form of marijuana that
helps them helps their body comes their
mind it really genuinely helps them so
do I support it
yes yeah that's I agree 100% and I'm
sorry if there are some people out there
that disagree everyone has their
opinions but in my life I've experienced
seizures after
seizures after seizures I feel like
anyone else that says that somebody else
can't do something has no right unless
you are going through them yourself
things like this have gotten lumped in
over the years I've grown up with dare
the DARE program and as a kid I was
growing up with marijuana being lumped
with heroin cocaine you know it's not to
say that all these things and I felt
like growing up that marijuana was
heroin and as I go I grew up I read I
figured these things out myself because
as a kid I was misinformed and I think
that's a terrible terrible way to grow
up do your research do research I'm not
this is me thing go out and smoke
marijuana or anything like that this is
me saying legalization for medical use
yes 100% do your research and you guys
make your own decision on what you feel
is best
I mean we've done a lot of research in
the past couple years especially with
this situation and I'm gonna say yes I
do along with it yes have you an ally
picked a honeymoon location where would
your ideal honeymoon be I want to go to
Bora Bora I am something like totally
different in mind
hella yes she wanted this what was it
like backpacking so I wanna I do want to
go to Ireland but Island is our shared
day yeah like I think that would be
really cool to go to I would love to go
somewhere and like do like a backpacking
trip for like two weeks where we go from
one destination to the next so it's more
of like an adventure slash honeymoon
she's gonna have to wear a backpack a
Wi-Fi basically we do that well I know
what is the very first thing you to
notice about each other that attracted
you to one another for me
Ally's smile was the first thing that I
actually yeah that smile was actually
the first thing that attracted me to her
I just thought she has a beautiful smile
even even though she says she doesn't
think she does I still think it what
about me I thought you were so funny
like like weird funny not necessarily
humorous funny
but he was kind of weird and and I and
it was so comfortable because he was so
weird I was like wow this guy it just
doesn't care and I I like respect that
in a weird way where I'm using worried a
lot
we're very like full of life and I
I appreciated that you were handsome too
like don't get me wrong it's just gonna
say oh wait what about the handsomeness
no like no I get it I did it's something
there's something so like remarkable
about meeting someone that can make you
feel like so at ease when you first yeah
any new shows you guys have been
watching recently designated survivors
oh yeah designate survivors awesome with
keep yourself every good yeah we've been
watching speechless oh and that's such a
good show better I definitely recommend
that it's only on I think like the third
or fourth episode yeah just started and
then doesn't me a survivor yeah it's
amazing I love it I feel like this is
sponsor for that veteran that TV does oh
my god I love it
our thing is the new girl why do you do
the help I feel like goofy I feel like
it's like releasing something deep
within me who is the most silly ass off
camera that's definitely ally you guys
don't get to see even a third of how
weird she is like off-camera aliens that
ever difficult for you to see old CTFxC
vlogs of Charles specifically from his
previous marriage no it's not because
it's part of his life and I don't know
like I I don't think I've ever been one
of those people who in a relationship do
I get upset about my significant others
past I I just don't I understand
there everyone has passed everyone has
you know relationships previously the
one that they're in currently most of
the time and it doesn't upset me because
I feel like the only thing that should
matter is your relationship yeah yeah
it's so it doesn't as a fast everything
and I think that if people do have
issues with past relationships it's
gotta be tough I can't imagine I really
can't imagine personally but I don't you
can't move forward if you do that yeah
that's true that is very true yes dog
where he constantly gets stuck in the
past there's no progression no there's
no reason for me to be upset about it
because it was a good wonderful time in
his life and um I can't change it you
can't change it and there like I said
there's no I have no never has bothered
me what was one thing that one wanted
for the wedding that the other didn't I
don't think really there was one thing
that she wanted that I didn't really
want I think if anything like she would
say something that she wanted for the
wedding if I did want something DIF
me I would suggest it and we usually
come to like a cool like works yeah like
her the whole like do we ever tell him
about the whole like food truck thing
yeah we did it came from an idea I think
from you guys with a meme so we sent me
a meme of a bride getting like a piece
of pizza off of buffet in a wedding
dress and I sent to Ally I was like hey
we should do this I literally sent it to
her as a joke a complete joke and she's
like that's a great idea of it okay
we've been on the same page so the
entire time with the wedding stuff
mm-hmm
ally Wes did you travel as much as you
do now before dating Charles yeah dating
Charles I have had the opportunity to
travel to a lot of places I've never
been to before and I'm like so thankful
I'm like no bad and I have a totally
different career no I don't have totally
different Kurt I have a my career that
I'm in is becoming more lucrative so I
now have the means to travel more than I
did before but I did work in an actual
office building which required me to be
there Monday through Saturday sometimes
50 plus hours a week so it was harder
but I still did it do I travel more I do
I had the luxury of working from home a
lot of my work is based off of the
computer emails yada yada yada right so
I get the luxury of kind of being more
mobile than I did previous you know in a
job when you get promoted or if you get
a new job and you make more money you
now have the means to do more travel
yeah I'm in Mexico I think that that's
like the biggest thing is I'm more
successful in the past year than I have
been in a while because I'm saving money
and I'm you know I have plus she has no
choice I'm gonna drag her every time I
go on tour I can't not go without her so
I drag the dog see if I possibly could
but it's not a size it iced I did travel
but I didn't fly a lot
I drove a lot she's still I drove a lot
how do you decide what the vlog and what
not to vlog what to disclose and what
not to disclose and this is probably one
of the hardest things to do as a blogger
this is not just for me my personal use
from vlogging I think across the board
because it is a struggle every sorry Zoe
right now is kind of going crazy it is a
struggle constantly and because
you want to be completely open with
everything but at the same time you want
to have your personal life and you want
to have that connection but you also
want to have that separation so it's
kind of like every day every new thing
is you you work on turning xperia event
or that experience happens you kind of
step back for a second as you're editing
be like should we put this in there so
we just keep just you know for us so
it's it's kind of like you can ask any
blogger that I dream like every time
we've gone to a YouTube event and
there's some panels and they that
question gets us probably the most
frequently yeah not about us that's very
true how do you know what to film and
help what not to film what to keep to
yourself and I think that everybody
that's a learning experience and that's
personal preference we don't want to
film when were angry at each other are
we angry at each other a lot yeah we are
planning weddings very frustrating but
that's another thing that I say hey I
don't want them to see when we're
fighting and I don't want them to know
that we're upset with each other so it's
not that we're lying it's just more like
the best way to answer that question
would literally be take a camera film
for a day and that we don't have to edit
it down and be like oh okay
I get it now and that literally would be
the easiest way to get that answer
that's what I would suggest I agree
y'all relationship reminds me a lot of
my husband and I how do you all she said
y'all again look how do you all deal
with one another when you're genuinely
annoyed or angry with each other I think
we're totally different people when that
kind of happens
Ali is more of a person that wants to
solve it immediately and I'm more of a
person that like wants to step back and
let things cool down and then and then
talk about it and I think that's
something we've been working on together
is kind of like coming to a middle
ground it depends on the situation
because there's some times where we'll
have a totally creepy right right away
and yeah either figuring it out right
away and apologize or it'll be a
situation where we do both have to like
separate from one another we're all
either go for a walk or go to the gym
doing something like that makes me feel
so much better than I like clears my
head in a word I think it's it literally
is just a normal relationship type of
thing it was
like there's so no for you like crazy
bytes and we're like oh they like the
meanest craziest inks and then turn
around and we say that we're sorry yeah
usually we gauge it like if the dogs are
like running away from us we're like
okay we should buy figure we got a
cool-down
that's usually that's actually a really
good yeah we usually eat honestly if we
see the dog drive away from us
Marley scoots under the bed Zoey's in a
shower or something like that Diesel's
hidden a toilet or something like that
- Toya um when we see that kind of stuff
we kind of realize okay we're cool we're
probably only ridiculous when was your
last relationship before Charles how
long was it and how did it end we're all
so easy to judge because we've seen
Charles like for so many years
but when it's your relation what is your
relationship back around how did you
find out you wanted to do vlogs in
YouTube full-time rather than the job
you were pursuing prior it's a good one
yeah that's a really good one asked
relationship where I had a boyfriend was
serious before I met Charles we were
together for almost five years and it
didn't end well I really don't want to
go into too many details because I don't
want negativity to be shined on this
person but there was it into bad he
didn't treat me very well kind of
verbally very unkind to me and was very
disrespectful I was a boyfriend it ended
a long time before it actually like the
cords were cut you know where we said we
are broken up suck because you get into
a relationship and you're very hopeful
that it works out you know there's a lot
of positivity in that relationship but
it just we did not work out we were very
uncompetitive thinking about how it
ended because you never want a
relationship where there was love to end
so bad I wasn't treated right and I'm
not
relationship that makes sense a plum and
say about that
your next question though I still have
you know a job I'm pursuing but I am
doing YouTube a lot I don't know I fell
in love with it I do I want to do
YouTube like as a full-time career no
not really I have other dreams and
aspirations that I'm looking forward to
presenting to the world soon tell us the
real truth about the divorce man you
asked us all to become part of the
family and we did after all those years
together
why'd it ends so badly between you two
and to this one guys
I honestly I'm a little I'm a little
bummed that this is a question still
because I honestly I told you the real
truth and the real truth has been told
time and time again and I just I don't
know what else I could possibly say or
what you guys want want to hear from me
when I read this everywhere honest this
question kills me guys it really really
does I've said nothing but the truth
over and over and I honestly I don't
know what else I could possibly say that
would answer this any better we were
very good for each other at the time in
our life but as we progressed as we grew
up you know we kind of grew apart and we
just kind of had to make a decision for
our sanity for ourselves for one another
always chose to show the positive
natures and our vlogs and that was just
a thing that we decided to do we
honestly that we we tried very hard and
it just came down to the end of the day
we were just growing apart we'd go in
different ways where life the simple and
honest truth about what happened in my
previous marriage this isn't TMZ this
isn't you know II extra or anything like
this this is real life I'll be the first
to admit after the divorce there were a
million mistakes that I've said publicly
that I should never have said and I'm
ashamed of myself and I've apologized as
much as I possibly can
it was childish it was immature it was
irrational it was just me going out of
frustration and anger and I can only
hope that one day I don't want to put
things I don't want to say I want to put
this behind me because I don't want to
put this behind me I want my
relationship and my marriage to always
be a part of myself of her um of you
guys the videos aren't going I will
never take those videos down they will
always stay up there just because I feel
like those are memories that I will
always cherish because I don't want to
forget them they you know included
somebody that's no longer in my life and
that could be awkward in somebody's eyes
but it's not mine
I just I feel like you should cherish
those those memories and that's the
truth that's the truth that's honestly
the truth there's nothing more than that
and I know an apology just can't make
things better just like you know that or
anything like that it takes time and I
just truly hope over time that we all
can move past this that relationships
can be mended and friendships can be
mended Britain I remember meeting her
any honest opinions on how you feel
about volume entery being released soon
are you nervous are you excited I want
to see you first
are you nervous excited I'm excited for
you I'm excited for everybody involved
in blogging memory because I watched it
obviously when I went to New York with
him and I have like I'm why I'm in there
I have no idea to be completely honest
um it was a little nerve-racking
watching it but it was so beautifully
done and it was very enlightening and it
was heartwarming and then it was like it
really like penetrates your soul and it
makes you realize that these are real
people and they have a real life and
is a real job and it's really difficult
and you know people go through these
hardships look I am excited for everyone
that was involved in it
I had major parts in it it's really
amazing
I'm incredibly excited to see the final
product because like what two or three
years now in the making I am not so much
nervous because there are a lot of
intimate parts in the video or in the
movie that you know revolved around my
life three years ago and it's kind of
hard to really reliving it reliving it
but you are in a sense of rishe airing
it if that makes any sense so it's kind
of nerve-wracking and opening up old
yeah whoo it's not a woman but it's like
memories yeah like a box that you close
you're opening it back up yeah it's got
exactly a photo kind of thing little
nerve-wracking to kind of see that again
most of all I'm just incredibly excited
that finally this project this idea that
Shay and Cory had is finally becoming an
actual thing yeah so I think that's a
really amazing thing so I'm not nervous
I'm not scared I'm not anything like
that I'm just super pumped some guys are
Reagan and which is ironically enough is
a cool name is a very cool name Reagan
asks if you plan on having children have
you talked about names already if so
what are some names that you have in
mind we actually have a short list of
names that we've come up with
unfortunately we're not gonna get so
screwed up I know it's so screwed up
this is very voice a girls names okay
maybe I can say one no not on Danny no
it's gonna be a surprise apple bottom
jeans it's one of them
how does Ali feel about being the third
Ali Ali Ali in your life in my life this
is I feel like an uncle thing it's just
a name I mean to be completely honest it
is just a name and if everyone had a
different name in the world
I would be blown away and the odds of
you meeting another person has the same
name as you is very high and it doesn't
bother me it's just a name I think it's
a funny coincidence I mean I'm not gonna
lie I think it's a pretty humorous
coincidence but that's just the name
this a huge coincidence that they are
back to back to back I will get that but
it's mainly how you feel about it it
doesn't bother me if it bother me I'd be
really honest why would I be dating here
that's true it's a good point this is
directed towards me does it feel weird
for me going through a second marriage
or does it feel like it stands out on
its own and I'll be completely honest
with this one I don't want to say it's
it's weird because it's not weird but in
the sense of having to go through that
process again it's weird but it stands
out on its own completely because I love
Ali to death and she's a amazing person
she makes me laugh she takes care of me
she loves my family my family loves her
so it stands out on its own in the sense
that she's a completely different person
there that's diesel agrees to marriage
is obviously a more serious situation of
a relationship but just think like if
you are breaking up with somebody and
starting a new relationship at first
it's always not weird but awkward you do
kind of compare this new relationship to
I'm sorry general no to your past
relationship I think I did it with him
too even though I had my last
relationship with a while before him but
you do you compare you compare a little
bit and that's ok there's nothing wrong
with that does it say one is better than
the other absolutely no no there's
differences there may be each so special
yeah so like yeah my previous marriage
was special on its own and you know I
cherish the memories for that I've
learned a lot so I'm taking the things
that I've learned from that marriage and
I'm moving it on to my second marriage
and it's just like if you broke up with
somebody else you know you take that
past relationship and things that didn't
work in that relationship and you take
that on to the the next relationship so
you don't do the same thing twice when
you have a child in the tribe
comes out to you as LGBTQ how would you
respond and Charles and I he knows how I
feel about this I don't care I don't
care love everyone I will love my
children for however they feel for
whatever they believe in from ever they
fall in love with or ever they want to
do in life I don't care it's just I
think you try to be happy
yeah it's your child dude why would you
what be unhappy disappointed with your
child and I think that's ridicu it's my
personal opinion you know one thing I
know I said this in the vlog so far but
my mom is always filming you cannot help
you love you cannot help how you feel it
is just you're you you know it's your
heart it's your mind it's just working
together and I know that with whatever
our children decides upon whether they
are lesbian gay bi transsexual whatever
it is I will love them
100% support them yeah does daily
blogging or vlogging ever ever feel like
it's ruining your life or getting in the
way of being your true self do you think
you'll ever stop do you ever wonder what
it would be like a day without she's
like clogging what's vlogging would be
like and I don't think vlogging is
ruining my life at all I think if
anything it's like Ali said it's pushing
me to do things that I normally wouldn't
don't really do I don't think I'd ever
stop the only way it stopped is when I'm
stopping having fun I honestly don't
know what it'd be like a day without
vlogging I think I'd feel really weird
this is from Jenelle this is really
bugged me for a long time I have
followed your vlog on and off for five
years thank you very much that's a long
time does it really bother the new ally
the new ally that us o G followers had
such a hard time getting over I'm
assuming my ex it took some time to
sometimes I'm assuming that's took some
time but I grew to like her but it was
hard because it did I'm assuming my ex
did help build the CTFxC well I don't
want to say that it was hard for me
because it's not what it is I was
understanding of it you know in the
beginning I mean it sucks some people
like call you names and throw
accusations at you and accuse you of
awful things I knew that there was a
huge relationship that was going on
there between Charles his ex and you
guys I mean it was family and you guys
loved your family and so I respect that
and I I understood that was it hard when
people said awful things about me to me
accuse me of things hell yes it was it
was awful I put on a front most the time
and act like it didn't bother me deep
down it rip me apart and today still
does I'm not gonna lie still hurts me am
I upset that it you know it's hard for
people to get over it no because I don't
think it's something that you should get
over I don't think that I don't want you
to get over their relationship I don't
want a lot of things being forgotten
I don't want things yeah I don't want
things ever be forgotten I don't have a
grudge it's for adults here and I think
that from Charles side it was really
hard for him and I can imagine it was
for his ex - especially being in the
public eye I mean I guess holding is
like I wasn't upset that you guys were
still really upset with me becoming into
his life did all the negative things
that were said about me and then me and
things that were said hurt me right to
my core it was awful when was the first
moment that you realize you were living
the dream that you never dreamed of I
feel like that's a quote Orson that's
because it's a dream that's a really
hard question because anyone doing
videos online right now never thought oh
maybe they did that uh that they would
be making a living doing videos online
the first moment I think I realized that
I was doing it was when I got sent out
to New York City and I was on the TRL
stage and they wanted me they still have
Taryn no they wanted me to audition for
a new show which now is pretty much tosh
point-o and they flew me all first-class
I remember sitting in the studio and
then just looking around
I was thinking I was like how did I pull
this off and that was I think the first
moment you realize and then I got went
home and I quit my job first off not
really a personal question but have you
ever considered looking into getting a
world record for most World Records
broken oh I like that I'm going to
actually contact them and see that would
be awesome hell of a world record for
most world records broken this is from
Cathy's world and she asked are you
nervous about trying to have children
have you talked to any experts cuz of
the medications we actually talked about
this a couple times I don't think we're
nervous because I put all the research
that I've been given and from our doctor
is that since I'm not on chemotherapy I
haven't been on it for almost a year and
it wasn't a full chemo it was like a
pill chemo so it was like an IV drip one
I don't think from what they've told me
that what I would have so much of an
issue but safety reasons um we have some
in the bank Charles and I felt that it
was important that we do some more
serious one what was interesting is when
we asked you guys for questions the
first questions we got were like was
your favorite Simpsons character really
what yeah respectful I appreciate that
and then we posted another thing saying
don't hold back guys whatever you want
to say and then we got some stuff that
you guys BAM we will be doing these
until I die have a great night we love
you guys bye guys
