whoo I win looking for question for
planck planck questions of clink clink
who's that nun and then and then and
then gotta look cold don't fresh oh my
god oh canada this prakash per second
everybody something out only it was the
elbow like any bet it oh yeah i can bend
a it's just like eight i walked it hard
I don't think I broke anything it's just
it's like what you guys are just now
curious and what's going on yesterday we
went to an rx bandits show and a very
large very annoying gentlemen when I was
not paying attention ray natal he's just
having fun yeah it was just having fun
but he was somehow he jumped bumped into
alley like two layers of people like
through and hit me and when I say hit me
like I flew like a ping-pong ball
at Ali's elbow was swollen all last
night and luckily my medical knowledge
of using ice to cool down things I'm a
brilliant man when it comes to pulling
down him you probably would have would
have amputated and yesterday's video you
probably saw how big it was giant I
gotta show you this out I got a grande
coffee and this is the most ridiculous
I've ever seen in my entire life look at
that just put my strong there that's
that's just a straw so hopefully the
straw did not like absorb all that
adventure that's actually pretty lame
Starbucks come on you know I'm your
biggest advocate that's stupid I just
look I didn't even think about it what
is the temperature on Friday and
Saturday in Toronto Ontario high for
friday in toronto canada will be 53
degrees and the low will be 42 degrees
that is unheard of and i know i do this
a lot but i have nothing for that i
thought that i should go and get that
before I freeze my ass off here's the
difference between Charles and myself I
always have winter clothes like I always
you're prepared I'll get him when
they're like on sale and I'm like I'm
gonna need this one day he always kind
of laughs at me like why would the heck
would you buy that I've been cook boys
think to myself I'm going to need that
one day whether it gets like super crazy
cold in Florida or if I go somewhere
trails on the other hand like I don't
really need anything I'll have a zip up
hoodie and so he never goes on using
laying a lot of headies yeah he like
never goes out of his way to buy like a
coat or like a long sleeve shirt you
know shoes that are suitable for cold
weather and it's kind of like look
what's going on now now you need I'm
scrambling yeah you are screwed up like
it it's hilarious that I'm like
dude it's kind of like you know when you
get candy the day after like Halloween
or Easter it's so cheap but it's like
you're like I don't need candy anymore
I'll save it for next year same kind of
thing except you can't eat a hoodie yes
I guess is that the same thing it's
actually does as I said it was one of
those ones that comes out of my mouth
and it doesn't make any sense this makes
no sense they're getting ready for
Christmas and decide even Halloween
why was the house Santa
see they go play with a registered gun
this time we get to play it hey wanna
get a Christmas tree there's that up
here all right let's start this hey kuya
put a christmas tree on our registry
please take one now just just a
Christmas tree I want several Christmas
tree full we can use our phone this time
so i have a stupid gum that were
probably gonna lose by the cup welcome
textin this stuff so cool might as well
get messy naturally the only I'd like
bring it by the pool no no listen I cool
too just like really playing so
apparently not discuss some easy easy
thank you 65 no I'm just kidding six me
I think 64 appropriate the worst person
holding the last word enough he's like
bullying the channels kind of that Jamie
sandy cop have only one left of those
yes did you break them all can you
breath mr. chips these are criminals
they get this square once I like the
square ones so we've ever getting all
mixed nochi ones okay then get get too
tall once actually makes more sense I'm
gonna do it yeah yeah oh these are what
you
I hope glass still my finger from these
stupid cups watch some mickey mouse
plates Bradley a bird bird house all you
have a bird wait spice racks okay you
put some of these on air it's actually
kind of difficult doing this ever since
a difficult like hard but I mean
difficult like racking your brain
thinking about things that you need to
do or organize that you want to join a
pan but you do I don't like it actually
kind of crazy clearly don't on deep dish
pizza because the last one I have at
these I'm broke or maybe you broke them
I did not maybe Rizzo like that I don't
know the handles broken rolling pin no I
already have to the stereotypical beat
you the rolling pin came see that's cool
okay baking dishes like this I don't
think that much one thing I know we need
very much is a utensil thing for the
drawer do we have one of those right now
before those calls i can show cradles
nests you know i'm talking about we're
learning a lot get excited i do Kele
just registered for pretty much
everything cost I sometimes I just like
I kind of feel get it we don't we have
our own no mature so they can that
like when it comes to the things that
you actually need like utensils and
things for the actual house we don't
have anything we've like cheap doubt
we've done and got
this spoon was on sale so he grabbed
this spoon you know I have literally
we're not even kidding i have this fork
so I thought sport Ali's holding this up
choice of spoons I saw this for its
originally like this sexual set you do
sorry sorry guys you know like when you
talk about something you're seeing
something and you combine those words I
just did that but i'm just i'm just
literally saying we have like seven
spoons it's kind of it's kind of sad
it's all what I like it you want to
cheeseboard you're the most interesting
man in the world Oh glasses hmm I think
we actually got to from Tom's mom and
dad for ya are going to a party dress do
they know that he does not drink
champagne but we'll give her some apple
cider I'm having a really hard time
doing this because I just feel guilty I
really genuinely Clemente know
everybody's telling me I shouldn't who
deserve a lot of things that actually
there are all things that we don't have
so there's some how much and I'm
repeating myself too as I'm getting same
time guilty feeling guilty I can't talk
sorry I know I'm nervous I am scan away
baby you're going on so much fun this is
like a game it's like laser tag yeah so
these are actually the plates and the
Bulls and the set that I applied for I
that they were so cool because they look
so natural and that kind of cool do you
like them well i mean we actually
decided it together this is really cool
to both of these the green ones is thank
you I like him look it was firing dude
yeah everything is oh and that's another
thing we have like green and grey and
like black capes at home were yes but we
have like three bowls there too no no we
know who's plates which oh that's funny
kissing her is how cute miss Ernie
theist we were trying to start doing the
registry the other day I saw these
really gold and how's it go out a set of
his very own so that he can eat like a
king as we are
you know like that school other sports
yeah I want literally I know you can get
one you can't get sports any you want to
register for register this one you are
so weird you should get your gold one
you don't have them Oh can't buy them
separate I'm so sorry right now you look
like in like the light shined on you are
you're an angel oh they will call it the
Avatar wall it's all of our avatars for
our social milieus though uh Oh God
Carl's in this King chair I swear every
where you're at they had the Lightning
done here perfectly it looks like the
heavens have opened up and light has
shined over your head you're perfect
have another slice of pizza and some
sparkly bubbly water we're done this
especially about bubbly water we go
number one it's cowhide though who the
heck would want a cowhide carpet we
really need a new car and we're like
let's put something really crazy and
outrageous on there but just like you to
craziness you're a little bit too pricey
I respect our friends enough to my know
so if you want to do it Billy did and
put like a little mini bike on do you
guys remember when Billy put the mini
bike on his registry I want to do
something funny like that I just see but
then again I don't trust Marley enough
with rugs oh god no I love you Brooke
butter really keep its Marley pee pants
the other nickname for some reason oh
this one's comfy feel like I'm meant to
have one of these shares I do not have
my chest oh you don't what I'm Matt away
we're gonna have a chess championship
one day I notified checkers that's about
it yeah see I don't want to put any
artwork like this because that one day
remember we went to the store and we saw
that splash artwork that was like four
hundred dollars or something like that
then we went home that same day and just
bought a canvas and did an even better
one the one that's actually in our
hallway was done by Ali and myself about
a second
like that like that like represents
chaos sure if you want to honey whatever
you think represents chaos sure it's
stupid i know i have such a weirdo and
it was a lot more fun to actually do
let's just put a random pig on there a
better count so okay random cow our
wedding cow mooing cow we have a one
reading pointed crash there smells so
good see I don't want it I don't want it
yeah okay hey oh oh oh oh no they're
like oh that we don't do this trick this
trick is so easy this trick is so easy I
got your that all right like I seen
Angela yeah like if you did that to me
i'll be over so we got ali a brand new
light for channel and a brand new stand
wait i feel in a tripod shelly get your
truck wait what else are we missing
showing on me there should be now he's
getting super professional now he comes
back oh my gosh yeah nice little ring
light showed ow I should have to work
with the poltergeist DVD rack is that
she'll set up no I actually took it down
basically she would have sex at all our
dvds in front of the Sun the window so
that way she would get constant light
but now which she's got a nice little
lighting system who watch that right
here and then you put your camera right
here you getting all professional soon
can you guys see then you'd have nice
little even glow on your face spooky
they actually dug a hole where the drive
is as clever
what is he doing go go get cookies
