is this one of those Samsung Galaxy
Notes being cooled off right now oh no
no that lady no it's here to find two
kids
she'll find out when they explode
okay B percent alcohol
ya know what is there such help with the
blueberry video so what is there so
basically a review in a bottle it's when
I use a drink
that's how I used to do it without only
drinking a lot of liquids
by the 70s thing and then I just ate the
hypothetic Soviet police about a liquid
years ago I haven't arbitration
don't know what that means but it was
12% really I showed it one day thinking
that I had that that was nothing too
severe as I can do this thing and it
does matter
I shrugged her and I have a really good
friend
that's a photographer so right now the
past like two months which is kind of
crazy we've been trying to figure out a
time frame that we can get together with
her and her husband and take these
photos we are trying to find something
else a little bit different than just
Florida and we've been coming up with
all these ideas like do we want to go
out of the state do we want to go egg
some are crazy and tropical but we're
still not really sure I think we're just
trying to narrow it down to a date are
but do you guys have any cool ideas of
places or like really unique settings
for your photos a waterpark for those
are waterworks that's kind of like
I'm not a person option I only got
middle seats I don't like going to
Canada kind of switch on voice so char
is going to be going to buffer fest in
Canada in Toronto right there massive
event of attack
flex but char will be there he's gonna
be hanging out I think they like che and
what it all better
can't have your group can't happen it's
window seats in the back of the plane is
with me there's not a freakin window
seat yeah I mean the middle single so
Charles he whenever he travels with you
does not get the luxury of in my seat oh
it's a bit like if we're always in the
back in the plane I'll give you guys
advice I'm flying all the time if you're
fine with two people don't get next to
each other don't go like we know middle
number aisle middle what you should do
is you should see these window in the
aisle separate each other and then the
chances of somebody's working that it'll
see and it's very rare there's nobody
like to sit in the middle and then you
got a whole advantage to yourself if
somebody does do that all you do is a
bit you might switch into ristohannah
too
I promise me I promise me that will be
the best skipper flying on an airplane
you'll ever recently you tell them that
your seven-year-old wallet holy crap I
did not tell you guys this
I lost my headphones three weeks ago
yeah when weird Washington my mom called
me and told me that something was stuck
to the house from loss and pass so I
automatically thought he was my
headphones just like it says it's from
Seminoles so it's okay that's kind of
weird but okay she opens up the package
and it's a wallet of mine from eight
years ago that I had stolen that
somebody actually stole and my ID was
still in there my credit cards are gone
but my idea was still in there I had
receipts that were still in there but it
was delivered to my house the boomerang
effect like stolen a stolen wallet from
it's not even a year I think it was like
nine years ago but it's just crazy that
it actually was returned all this time
with my ID in it no money my mom's like
there's a lot of sense but that's about
it
they left 11 cents all my receipts my ID
and they did not want my red wallet at
the time why did you have a weapon
well I probably had more in there but we
will never know people's to say there
are three impressed that it was returned
Cognos nine years later but no sign of
the headphones but I do have a red wall
we weren't sure somehow a lien from that
side of the bed okay
I know so I double dancing you know that
yeah but think you might have are you
stuck
yeah turtle oh now he's the only party
that's a shot right there baby
my first moves on the cover
so Shelly got Ali a brand new tripod
glass keeps breaking apparently this is
how he wants to be the first one there
you go that's what you gonna do for the
wedding in your dress well I want you to
show them your tripod dance I don't have
a chart good dude just hype yes thing -
we got a tripod what's supposed to it
together ready what this is how it would
go
just know what you do kind of just sit
down he's my back yeah he's on your back
is ready to attack me to death know what
the wind back up cuz he's a back out
he's stuck on his back and now I'm
telling the best we'll never get back up
because he's just so dumb this is my dog
go goofy goofy come on
we did this before
hey that's not right that's correct
or the spell we're wait hey Jesus
personalized plow through my walls
and if you don't like to do this is
so far utensil reviews a girl she's a
gentle do I keep dance I try I can't
dance
this is why now stringing out a little
your arms loose normally like just like
your jelly this little tip up your suit
like they'll slowly like that
I think we should do it what if you were
like few words are genetically you were
I think I wanna hear
when so when the camera fell basically
what happened was a very very annoying
dude basically you're not locked into me
and then knocked it out ain't nothing
right on her butt
- big that's actually where the camera
almost fell - I've been having to do the
whole like body up
the big feel better if I sing the
bodyguard or the movie from The
Bodyguard sing the song from the movie
by then
I've already started taking all my crap
off my shirts and stuff off because it
smells like smoke I hate hate venues
that you still smoke in my hair's all
crappy and I wanted to show you el Ali's
elbow right now kind of hurts a little
bit okay that's our elbow right now like
you can see it like that way and then if
you go over here this is a normal elbow
normal abnormal you could really see
right there oh my god honey I do want to
say thank you to actually it was a guy
we met he actually watches the vlogs his
name is Bob if it wasn't for Bob his
foot Ali's head would have went right
into the ground go get in the shower put
the guys back everyone in the comments I
want you to say thank you Bob because
he's Ali's little hero right now all
right guys we'll see you tomorrow as
always have a great night bye
