we are in Savannah Georgia we stopped
here because we didn't want to do the
whole 10-hour Drive all at once
12 hours I'm sorry so we're splitted up
a little bit and it's called the
Savannah National Wildlife Refuge we're
trying to find places uh you know we
could take the dog and all that fun
stuff oh yeah we found this place and it
seems like a really nice walk so we get
all of us tired that way we're going to
drive this remaining drive we will be
able to get home safely and the dogs
will be tired and they won't annoy yes
there's snow and ice all over yeah we
were gonna walk him downtown but we were
really afraid of Zoe and her little hips
just catching some some ice and just
pulling what I did the other day busting
on my butt
we're probably really really really
beautiful with the snow all over what
kind of grass is that he likes but you
won't eat his food sometimes but come
out here and eat grass it reminds me of
home
nice little swamp only difference is
that this one's almost frozen sorry I
figure I was gonna kill myself
yeah they don't really have alligators
here do they I was kind of thinking I
was like oh there might be an alligator
I don't think that happened if I
wouldn't like it here they'd freeze to
death
yeah don't want to mess with him I don't
know what kind of snake that is that's
just white why do you even do that
hey why don't you just take the whole
thing that's sucks
Diesel's happy you happy bud
guys get all tangled up you can go chase
him in a second today is what 50 there's
like 57 degrees I now see like when you
guys are saying oh it's blah blah blah
blah cold and we complain about 50 or 60
degree weather
now that we've experienced five and
negative whatever it was and three like
50s and 60s is beautiful now I get it
now I get it
that's beautiful hon great job this
place called Forsyth Park we found this
little park like I just said and the
only reason why we're really stopping is
because this fountain it's frozen well
not completely frozen there's icicles
everywhere he said that
like with the water was shot up I know I
could only imagine this thing was
completely frozen but now that I was
saying like it's like 57 degrees not
gonna be frozen anymore I take it back
those are all completely frozen you
talked about the lost in New York one
kind of does I could see it just needs
that tube coming down for the trash the
trash chute I know I'm sure there's a
lot more places to go here's we don't
have enough time because it's time isn't
actually so take us so if I get home at
like nine ten so we probably have to
leave a little bit soon we were gonna
stay in like today we opted out not to
do it I want to get home because
probably misses off
I miss the house you know how it is like
you traveling is fun and then after a
while you're just like I want to go home
but then when you're home like I want to
go travel again same thing with tour
it's like it's like oh I want to go on
tour and then when you're on tour like
for two months you like like work tour
you're like I want to go home it's like
grass a little greener it's probably the
last bit of ice for a while guys it's
not too bad
Marley's been finding literally every
patch of ice like she'll see stuff like
this and she'll walk right through it
you miss this piece enjoy the last bit
of ice pack it up guys scary stuff get
any of your favorite toys food whatever
dog leashes Diesel's ready together he's
walking around with his salt ready to go
buddy
you ready to go gonna mess with your cat
come and pack them this time we know
where we're going it's been a fun trip
home is chase Rica all right I stepped
in poo yeah and this is not my fault
it wasn't my dog's poo no there's some
other a hole that is big
landmine central there to learn guys
pick up your poop you're a dog I feel
like we haven't done very many but use
that new windshield wiper right there
yes there we go we were trying to do
more of these like kind of tourist traps
I hate to say this would be a tourist
trap but we are currently at the world's
smallest Church in America if you blink
really actually really kind of cool I
wonder why they made it so small it's
really pretty you can't see
unfortunately inside Kenya oh you can it
is really cool
that is awesome actually fits more than
I thought yeah that's really awesome
it's actually really cold in here too
that's beautiful well I feel like we've
seen it all guys it's the size one of
somebody's like garage there's my garage
a shed or something like that
really
Moeller January first I ain't many as in
mercy oh Lord be upon us accordingly as
we hope in Z so 98 January first
bringing in the new year
ma'am hey bud you guys ready for this
big long trip now maybe we'll find some
cooler stuff oh by the way yeah I'm
wearing my own stuff whatever it guys
are all confused now
durable factor is out of this world
right now you know what it is cuz he was
laying on them earlier so martyrs like
you know what screw it I'm doing it
don't fart actually fart to be really
funny by the way we're watching this
awesome little sunset Azure garden I
think no I think we're not even 40
Riley's password
you guys write that down three two one
thank you
that's always bathrooms everything
that's so I think we're kind of close
but I don't know
no I don't think we're anywhere close
actually yeah Ali and I have been this
entire trip playing family feud and
working it's a button so we're gonna
play right now and see how good we do
around one something that might need to
be perfectly level house
number one sound okay shelf that was
their number six pictures flooring
ground and field
we worked for twenty one two three
ninety three ticket three hundred points
name something you wouldn't want to run
out round out of as
water feel that fuel dragon drinking
water and gas food one two and three if
we guess too many we're gonna we're
gonna lose that's strategy that's what
it is
strategy goal that would beat must buy
one now
oh she screwed up we got it she went
down this was talking about the same
toilet paper and sunscreen you're right
my strategy worked
Namath bad reason to not show up to a
first day of your new job god I thought
batteries over yeah that was on their
freshness this time overslept car
problems and all you got a right name a
place that no one wants to admit their
head a bathroom
one second no netherworld bar stripclub
port and a funeral why don't you want to
make a John Doe funeral that's weird
guys ready for your little tour life hey
eat the right one
see if she goes look she goes to the
right one look at that you know she's
always on the right about that Bob
Marley you're really bypassing food all
right the last time I did this it was
freezing a 15 degree weather
now it's hoodie weather I'm freaking
loving it and like I said earlier I have
a utmost different perspective and
respect for those in frigid climates I
think one they're gonna Howard maybe two
hours away the Galea sisters gonna bring
Rico over so when we get home she'll be
there and I think she's gonna freak out
I'm hoping she acts like Marley where
she gets like really kind of like
excited and not like a cat where they
just like me you'd come over to me I
want her to like freak out and come over
to us I think that'd be really cute that
looks so good right now
giant slice of cheese pika hey come here
like a doggy
yeah that's definitely not we can't
blame that on the dogs little baboon but
she's purring like crazy kid okay
everyone's pretty stoked to be home I
think I'm the most don't don't going
look look at your home he goes straight
for the cat toys ready come do you want
rivers avocado hey do you not remember
who we are do you know I remember who we
are super mad you have to play with Kate
and Kathy you have to play with Kate and
Kathy okay nevermind she is not happy
right now
I think I think they're happy I like how
this one just takes this bitch she's
like you guys are totally missing the
point here Marley Marley look at me yeah
everyone's just hanging out on their new
beds
so this is a new thing that I'm starting
to notice she's never done that before
I've never seen her lay like this like a
actual cat she's usually running around
like a crazy one we officially made it
home I can't believe it we have you've
really missed her a lot the dog has
missed her too and I've also missed her
house it's really kind of funny like I
never thought I'd like a cat she's
pretty cool that I think she's a little
bit upset so her real cat is like
shining now it's finally her and
demanding kitten to cat in just a couple
days well I mean you know well Caitlin
is a cat person so she's probably rubbed
off on her
but anyways before we go we got to say
thank you to some of our patreon patrons
thank you to mitchell gray Kayla Tapley
Alec Kiker
megan marie Rael Johnny bullets Jessica
Bueller no I'm just kidding it's Jessica
Biel err we made that joke yesterday
it's terrible and Kelly Gibson thank you
guys so much for being a part of the
patreon family and for being part of the
CTFxC family and for everyone else
things yeah thank you so much for
hanging out on our nice little trip we
didn't really see snow this year but
that doesn't mean it wasn't no it wasn't
the success I mean that yes we have so
ripped so many stories no but there
wasn't yeah we have a lot of starts how
snow is on the ground but it wasn't
falling here's the funniest part the
story of this day one this whole thing
was horrible right but now looking back
already
three or four days I'm laughing now I'm
not laughing it I I think it's sort of
maybe a couple I mean I think we've
learned our lesson in the funny thing is
that the actual lady that that was her
Airbnb she was like I learned a lesson
dude clearly I need to have an extra key
cuz she's like I don't have one she's
smart law thank you to us as funny as
that sounds and I'm glad nobody was hurt
yeah it was interesting teaching this
man not to shut the door behind him
wasn't my fault that was not much
that was the cleaner hey it was your
fault but what I'm saying it's he's
infamous for doing that so that's true
we hope you guys enjoyed this trip we're
glad to be home and oh man for another
crazy day tomorrow yeah hope you're
ready yeah cuz we're not sleeping time
well tonight is not tomorrow bye guys
bye see you later
