so he just pulled into hunted farms
finally we came on a day that it was
open and what's your name Zach we just
met Zach Zacks been watching for seven
years we were like pulling into park and
he's like does Charles Trippy so char
wouldn't stop and take a photo with him
shirt blown up
so we finally came it's open finally but
it was a certain terrain I know if you
look all people walking out mother might
decide the whole thing to ourselves
that's actually good point yeah so
important so this is kind of cool looks
like they had like a little BMX thing
going on my hair
this little Lamas amigo what was it what
do you call very fast llama you guys
remember now all along became e watch
out for the pooping goat drop in the
pellets rocking those little pellets
little babies like I'd like to be fed
like I'm a little body I'm coats a
little fun look how thick that is
probably why so hot he is sheared
Oh
like
I was so nervous that my cameras gonna
fall out and I was in the causing
complete destruction on everybody do you
notice that one of the drivers like
local missed that the dude yeah he had a
broken wrist of course you didn't know
it's true it may be no insurance because
no insurance company will ensure all
right let's give Craig here big round a
dirty definitely my favorite some
fresh-squeezed lemonade get me up mmmm
yum yum is that what you got fresh
squeezed lemonade disapprove is fresh
fries I dare you to eat that not that
hungry
she looks good there's the stuff all in
it are real lemons in the real lemonade
it's really good try yes I are you
kidding of course I won't try it I'm
kind of loving the name of that place
redneck and barbecue how about you guys
really good there yes yes here we go
you can get no I was so fast I was like
their way and they were waiting for the
Heritage come back you just hope that
there isn't some poor innocent person
that's just for some laundry I'm
standing out in the middle of that field
and got hit right in the head char just
got it on slow motion but no joke this
thing goes so fast that I feel like
we're going to take it home and actually
edit it down so that's even slower
because it was so hard to capture he's
not catching it good and up there I
don't forget some say like in between
those people right there we had wagons
full red rider's but they're all metal
their metal and they rusted so you would
get tetanus every time you'd ride in
look at this I mean that's so pampered
they get it like a little canopy and
plastic it is a grounded well I'm not
gonna lie that plane would be so much
better than like burning yourself on a
metal one we found this tiny little
why I was so nervous about it even
though we've done crazier zat lions play
so
she has
so of course I have to be the guinea pig
and do the play because Charles doesn't
want to do it sign this person that race
it out this is the plank out of here at
the end they don't really have a way it
stopped they just kind of like it's
almost like a spring right here you'll
probably see oh is that a leak coming
right now oh yeah you're ready
Oh
that was fun I'll do that again
that's what I think Ali was the only
adult that's done this now I fun well I
ask me go my deal with John Cena and I
doing adult that's done club angle no we
did have 68 year old man I'm like okay
so I'm the only one of two it's got a
funny though watching the difference it
doesn't look that crazy it goes fast
I want to know what you went a lot
faster because you're heavier the ends
the best the end is the best I came here
all the time when I was younger and I
would always get one of those think was
like a rubberband gun she would say
don't play with rubber bands cuz you'd
like shoot your eye out so they make a
gun made out of rubber bands games as a
rubberband guns right there so I'm
loving the names of all these games that
one says hillbilly hockey ladder ball we
got football toss and soccer with Julius
on that kind of crazy we've got the
beanbag toss old can knock down the
country cornhole the hillbilly nip not
the muffin tin toss barnyard basketball
we got skeeball look how you can
something over there like I was crazy
man soccer okay so there was a really
many crazy ones all right I'm having
this really bei strange ever like I made
one of these boots and I remember
sitting at one
I'd somehow made mine I'm trying to
remember what it was I'm sure my mom my
dad is watching this and they probably
gonna call me when they see the scene
but I'm having no like we need of the
page I do yeah it's hitting it right now
really hard pumpkin bowling I told you
there's a few of them okay pumpkin patch
girl pumpkin pong hillbilly quick draw
okay so i'm not completely crazy or high
school without a pumpkin bong pumpkin
pong not bong pong I just I can't bring
them anywhere guys I can remember coming
here when I was really young with all of
my family and are you here too yeah I
did I was really really young guy
remember something happy like over here
not back there feel like that well like
eight years old really yeah this photo
right here oh my gosh all this food is
making me crazy funnel cakes charles
sousa funnel cake there's a fun okay
look there's funnel cakes roshanak cakes
gonna funnel cake all right honey posed
for the photo screenshot turn have a
conversation there what are you doing
can I only took one photo knees been
standing up like 15 minutes don't get it
you pick up oh yeah yes
go up to the party
you know I know it's there's bunch cars
in the distance but still it's not look
really pretty with a club I don't like
being out in the middle of nowhere so
you gasps gasps you knew yeah you need a
gas peace park here I know fine anywhere
this I don't know hey son lagrimas cream
colored shirt I'm pretty positive it's
like a light brown town might not look
like that camera but I'm pretty positive
the library I got a quick question I'm
trying to talk to melissa is my sister's
in New York City right now and she's
doing a really special project I don't
want to ruin it but i'll let you guys
find out left her keys by the way I'll
do it I'm driving yeah I've been trying
to talk to Melissa cuz she's in New York
City like Oh saying I don't want to say
what it's for you got have to find out
in her vlogs it's actually really cool
you know the the voice to text dictation
every time I try to do just the voice
the voice message I guess you can call
it I always say the punctuation so like
if I say oh hey Melissa how's it going ?
everytime i send that to Melissa I
always say the word ? and she makes
planning that's it that was our story I
just think that was a lot of that one it
was a very good story it's a stupid
story
you're too dumb story I always like to
tell stories I the girly funny but
they're only funny to me and then
halfway through you're like oh that was
a dumb story
american money actually did once in
tallahassee it's fun I did do this so
much I can already feel sliding I am let
me do it yeah if you do it do you do it
you don't hit the brake when you do it
now he just stuff you know what's really
crazy is you can't see where I ran the
golf cart reading in through the garage
door the happy ball ally and I came to
check on the house and we just
immediately got like nostalgic and
really really really want to figure out
a put a pool in the house I do miss this
but you know what I mean like it's just
it was time to move it was time to move
on the fact that we have a fenced-in
yard as the number one key I think
because I was so afraid of the Gator
getting the pop so now that the pups are
getting older and a little more senile
is it getting older guess who's the most
senile I'm sure you guys probably guess
I just I didn't want them to kind of
like look over and become lunch meat for
a gator the gummy bear I should say the
thing is the houses are different but I
love our house in st. Pete I absolutely
love the location there's so much to do
the only thing this one has obviously is
a pool so which is something you can put
in eventually hopefully weather is
finally getting beautiful finally
getting to a point to where it's not
muggy and crappy outside and it actually
use the furniture finally that we bought
and unfortunately what in the summer so
it's kind of useless hope you guys
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe and don't forget to like the
video guys are brand new and we'll see
you tomorrow as always bye guys I was
gonna make sure I don't fall asleep out
here now it's really really nice
you
