go whining gay okay what you guys just
missed was a I beloved calebs house cuz
i have to go take her to get her car
we're gonna go for a walk this morning
and I just long the warrant like she saw
me pull up into the driveway but she
didn't expect me haha the horn and I got
a scared her a little bit you did okay
airport tango try to get everything into
into the check luggage it's always so
different every single time one way to
do is wrap what'd you do this time it's
always Danny I just want to be like he
always Danny so bad I remember so many
times anyone get with a drum sticks to
son no it was a han Solo business card
holder seriously yes you can't make that
up okay they definitely have a cool
house lot better than mine that is so
awesome you're the spiders in Columbia I
wonder what it looks like at night
though they probably have some kind of
way to light it up oh my god that is so
cool I want to go trick-or-treating
there look at this house oh my gosh
that's actually pretty darn clever oh
look at these in here I know there's one
liked down in the yard crawling the
grass and then this guy's like you know
what I'm gonna get on that roof but I'm
falling up I'm not that strong all my
muscles are gone but then there's that
other guy knees like I'm gonna climb up
to varies every time and the other one's
falling out of the window no joke I
think those are pomegranates I've never
seen a pomegranate tree I swear those
had three bom grenades I know there's a
guy
well he obviously left but I guess he
started okay weights again oh my gosh
this is actually really really cool look
what's on this wall I guess he wasn't
painting so before I die this is what he
was writing up there though I want to
make my friends rich look at all of
these different things that people wrote
this is actually a really incredible art
piece t4i guy I want to oh well travel
to space go to Mars I love st. P for the
mere fact that they have all these
really crazy murals and all of them have
like such cool significant meanings but
this by far I think is one of the
coolest things I've ever seen it's
actually created by the community which
is kind of even cooler
I look at that one over there
I don't want to say miserable but this
is actually really tough to fly across
the country to play one show and then
sleep for two hours normally we do the
college shows we do the east coast so
it's you know same time zone and it
takes maybe look max two or three hours
to get home this takes like Max or like
four to six hours what actually it was
Frankie Frankie and I are going to LAX
and then I would ruin flight home from
LAX are they during flight but close
when it's aged man
love all the lights and like the vaulted
ceilings and then all opens up out into
the street which is kind of cool too
they actually show you in the menu
the proper and kind of how do you think
this is something that I definitely have
the show to char in my mom how to use
chopsticks the proper way so look it's
like showing a replacement where you put
it in fingers yada yada yada and then
when you're finished this is a proper
Thompson etiquette six should never be
used to impale food Kaitlyn my mom like
but actually
I can have a little you don't anymore I
don't know I
they rapin quit I think like a rubber
bands so that I
it helped but it works really well
chopsticks place to the right of your
bullet means I'm taking a break
chopsticks placed on the top of your
ball means I'm finished never plays
chopsticks upright in your food
traditionally you should use the right
hands even if you were left-handed I
didn't know that Caitlyn do you have the
proper chopstick etiquette yeah too so
these are like coconut coconut curry
shrimp right and then these are their
summer rolls so Mike Adam that go Andy's
certain covetousness it's huge appellee
demolish these spring rolls they were so
good or summer rolls and we got some
chicken curry and then what was this
calling Brody Brody macaw
I don't know no no anyways this is like
a curry sauce and these are so
it's like a PITA okay one more time
let's play myself
are you guys having fun okay let's see
hi Lisa there's my friend dote on in the
middle of New York City playing piano
and melissa is out there right now are
you having fun good look who it in my
god that's so awesome oh you guys go
have fun okay i'll see i'll you
later bye come out of the restaurant and
look at that beautiful rain cloud coming
i'm sure the dogs are not freaking out
whatsoever I'm so food happy like I
don't even have really a lot of words
hope that Thomas would eat all this food
so that he'll give you some so that I
can come in and finish it just like the
ball right no joke that's so incredible
and most of it was like where are you
sharing like small portions but it was
shareable small portions holy crap i
would feel wholly do you like asian food
i highly recommend going the hawkers it
was so freaking good well we went for a
walk obviously when exercising we're
like well we're so hungry which is
typical usually when we have our sister
days we like go for a walk and then we
always be always wanted to try something
new when we kept hearing these really
awesome things about this actual place
it was so good it's like dang my mind I
didn't get coffee stop my heart is so
happy i just love st. Pete I do you
think I did I might be pregnant
what the food thing okay I was like what
I love that you're telling the internet
before you telling me that you're
pregnant let's just prove any I'm
getting ready Jake gala now to go get
her car we decided that we would pick up
a few people on d way so Marley is of
course in her signature spot there's
diesel and then of course there's my
good ol those Oh over there in the
corner now we are off are you guys ready
your breath all smells so bad oh wow
it's really really bad crack the windows
cracked windows the crank the air
might as well take advantage of the
short time frame between it actually
raining and then coming down I'm not
sure it's going to last much longer but
they're very happy puppies bucket of
these things that Phil deewana probably
know I think they all have holes in the
bottom of them yeah I love it though I
think it's so cute I'm actually super
impressed that Charles can walk all
three together because I just tried for
a split second I know they'll go
opposite way someone goes well armed one
goes on the other arm and then went up
to Thames who's this pain work out too
hard it's hard to walk three dogs at
once I wish they were all in sync with
each other but they're not me up diesel
who has like a DD and he'll see a
squirrel in the Marley you'll see a
squirrel and then limbs are flying up
we're still working on the wedding stuff
I'm trying to get together basically
everything that I would need for any of
my like out of town guests that are
going to be coming in will Charles and I
out of town guests that are coming in
like hotels you know figuring out how
far certain hotels are from our venue
thinks that they could do possibly while
they're in this area right now I'm
trying to get a whole list of things
together but then I am also remembering
that Charles is actually going to be
going on tour I think like two days
after we get married so we were thinking
maybe what we would do is obviously the
night that we get married we might just
stay in a hotel but it's kind of have
like a short little hey we got married
let's not go straight home kind of thing
so I've been looking up hotels and I
tend to forget that it is spring break
that week it's becoming a little bit
more complicated than I anticipated but
it's definitely cool because there's a
lot of hotels that I had no idea we're
in this area that have now been brought
to my attention some of them are really
really cool very eclectic really stylish
and it's more of a experience staying at
the hotel's almost then going out on the
beach it's kind of cool but I'm also
looking at like Airbnb ease and things
of that sort of scene if i could find
anything that might be kind of cool oh
come on hello watch the pub fast i must
you do I'm a city hey buddy you happy oh
hi oh hi
one two three this is like I want our
wounded are you are you too excited more
like I can't do this mom I can't do this
hey how was your travel honey well I
justice on you I woke up before the
morning and it's now dark I'm sorry I
had no son today I'm sorry long spears
are so beautiful they were married
couple yeah um whose eyes look like
Criss Angel you told me that was like
you sent me Criss Angel a thousand
disability and then there was joking
they're really cool and then there's the
band and their fans are we the games
really yeah the dude was really cool
actually I had to adapt them so i had to
cross over and stuff then we heard of
talking he was like six years old he
started playing bass just he's a surgeon
it was like we got bored and started
playing bass and he's tops off of my
bass and drummer is the old drummer from
grand from Grand Funk Railroad wow
random it was those random stuff that's
so cool though but they're really nice
it's awesome I met a friend of from 10
years ago who dated it from in mine it
was actually kind of funny too are you
like oh my god this is like the best day
of my entire life because I love you mom
but I needed a guy in this house I had
you for 24 hours I'm about done
all right I'm up your home okay I can
tell you're really happy to be home in
just so I'm just blown away we look Mary
I sir I'm just so out of it when I'm
slaving over a hot stove in the kitchen
I know I just I don't anymore I just
pennies I was 9 30 your hair looks
gorgeous by the way no fishy cutter i
think i said it's getting a little too
long now no this is where you start to
style it like the way you wanted to well
goodnight internet
are you drink lights anymore fila
breathing just standing there yeah
that's good let's gonna Scout here yup
hey hey paranormal activity
you
