ah look at I found shot in the garage
ever got a guy was a long time oh I'm
amazing you've got them on robotics they
fit perfectly I feel like it's not um
what are you supposed to get the other
one on that's why you're supposed to go
with wanting is nobody yeah makes sense
because until you had fun each other you
know you mean okay Oh knocking out all
the photos hello i love you but I don't
trust you in that suit who do you thinks
gonna win Ali or me blue or red in the
comments right now the loser gets to
fall in dog poop right no I think was
gonna end up actually happening I can't
the worst far as I can't see looking
down I just have to kind of look up and
hope I wish we got the big ones of these
these are the ones they had at the store
though oh whatever Oh
I am the winner I am the winner I am the
winner no don't I don't time there's
poop on the gosh I don't want to fall
booth yeah I hope you didn't pawn poop I
love buying these like five dollars
voice ah that's a workout I'm exhausted
honestly blue team won go blue team I'll
tell you what Charles kicked my ass he
literally kicked my ass Hillary's and I
want us because he's the first one to
fall tableaus are daunting let's go come
on hi girls I sure is the whole shoulder
is thickness of it we said next time
that we fight we're gonna use those I
recognize many couples that fights that
way we can better anger over with
quickly or maybe it'll intense violence
sure but I guess we'll find out blu-ray
well you found so look I heard are you
okay hey plugging in phone poop I'd
rather a call on boo boos watch it small
ass softer okay I'm not sure with its
Swisher Oh smush here goodbye my love
where these go out I have no idea I feel
oh okay up the stairs oops oh honey unit
very successful at this can I try can I
try I'm gonna get at least one hey whoa
my god last one sure
told you diesel you got it going mr they
both like no we've seen this stuff
before not gonna be involved which are
there in the shower up put your leg down
this was probably the shower are you
always in the show her this you're
hiding spot close we'll get looking I
care look good both we send out the what
are they same two dates the save the
dates that invites all ready for our
guests and the I guess what is the
registry that we started is already
starting to come through but yesterday
we picked up the box can you hear it
that our front door completely shattered
but it's so so crazy it's so nice so
what we have to do right now is we have
to go back and exchange it for one that
doesn't sound like
that Kevin super creep super-creepy
super creepy somebody just said this dad
joke to me on Twitter I have to just say
thank you so much Tammy ally what do you
call a very fast llama a la McGee me oh
my god it's storing these my brain so
what I have kids well Hot Diggity Dog we
got all the way down to macys change of
plans I brought my student is now ready
so i can go to my stew places ready yes
it is writing care the other day I had
that mask that I try to scare ally with
and then she put it on and I couldn't
remember what TV show it was from one of
you guys actually helped me out I kept
saying it was like it's like beating the
Beast I completely forgot there was a BD
NBC television show and this is exactly
what Ali reminded me of that's what I
was trying to refer to see I can find
Ali in that photo and there's ali as
that mask are you really serious oh no
way
that's what I was referring to and
that's Ali as doing it what the hell is
that does anyone know I think I sleep
honestly one of the most age-old
questions are myths lunch unsolved
questions and solve mysteries meatloaf
what is that what won't you do what is
the one thing you won't do I know
everyone knows Meat Loaf is watching my
videos right now
do they make a good No
afraid of that italian her natural
habitat how's it going in there maybe
you should shut it because people don't
see you changing getting naked such a
freak right I think it looks better
without the best come on Princess
oh yeah come back over here good all
right kid hey Ben yes we're getting that
close now our Allah China over here were
you think I'll get your opinion how you
doing hi good yeah is amir Ali up nicely
you you look nice hi yeah so near here
has told us and showed us how to tie a
tie properly not my way ya know I can
only do half there's no way you guys
look pancer up I'm impressed I swear i
wanna hold you to it he thinks I'm
joking but if he doesn't worry about it
was foolish you look really great super
handsome Saul but i like it looks good
so fresh and some white clay put you
better I'm gonna tell Travis something
else happen again make sure that he does
not wear his clothes yeah note to self
internet make sure that he has a shirt
tucked in all the way to
it looks great you hired him and have
him falling I'm not kidding go Yeah
right there it really handsome casual
O'Malley's let's get that thing came out
really nice we go I like this turn let's
see
that's cute real cute okay it always
comes out a lot more read on camera than
what it is really yeah it looks good
that does look right at all it's so
pretty it's like a pretty color on you I
know it's a weird thing to say but it
looks great oh oh my gosh I'm so sorry I
thought you were someone else I didn't
realize this with my phone has to be
else hey so charged trying on a few
shoes cuz that's the next step you know
what's funny is I don't even know what
I'm wearing I don't know what shoes I'm
wearing my dress is the weirdest things
like this
so
come on use one shoes way to go turn
turn at me I don't have my truck so I
can't you go barefoot regal therefore
did that so you understand they're not
gonna like puddle they're gonna like
yeah yeah you're cool back guess who's
hired guys good Lewis I'm taller than
Hallie finally makes me really happy
can't wear high heels because she's got
tower over me so maybe about were these
things and I can work something with a
little bit of you know you should wear
anything otherwise we're gonna like me
the same thing would you care he'll but
you just think you wanted me to uh wanna
meet up I do want to tell him well then
we get we figure the puff plant out well
Charles is trying on their fancy shoes
he's getting his toes look at all super
nice see what happened i thought you
know oh yeah so you got like a grass
stain or anything that's what you fell
to the ground do we need to do a recap
of that here everyone i'm gonna go
finish packing and everything but today
we have another polaroid for you guys if
you have no idea what we've been doing
is we've been doing the Polaroids like
we've been doing for warp tour and
today's polaroid contest we're having is
the best couples contest like no best
couples Gospels costume idea usually I'm
pretty good at this I'm like I have a
few luckily no but I think I've just
been so caught up and everything else
and like working not so everything else
million other things going on we really
do so it's like I haven't really had the
time to think about what I want to do
for so we need your help guys we need
your help so in the comment section
below where we come up with the best
costume now I can't guarantee we're
gonna choose it but hopefully we do cuz
if it's awesome which I will then our
reach will do it what we're gonna do is
the number one thumbs up comment is what
we're gonna do is work how we're gonna
pick it I think Polaroid is printing in
action super action shot now i will see
you guys tomorrow have a great night
guys thank you so much for watching
and looking forward to seeing all you
guys ideas bye guys
