good old man Oh way you can walk over
here you can open your eyes to it I want
you to fall yeah I would say no clothes
dress while you're walking look down you
got two dogs walk over here can you walk
over here this don't look ahead does
don't look ahead all right legit yeah so
now you get rid of that spirit and then
I got you an apple TV it's the older one
but you don't know the difference you
just want to watch friends frazier and
eddy guys you shouldn't have done that
oh my gosh okay thank you yes another
one was pretty heavy to move this is
really like a box TV stuff it was good
when I went to the house honestly it's
so sadly Jimmy world on it doesn't yeah
so I got the opportunity i got the older
one just because the new girl
complicated enable i was walking yelling
that was snacks trying to explain the
new apple TV and it was like the whole
swiping thing it took him 20 minutes me
to walk down all of Manhattan so I was
like God forgive the older one wears on
buttons yeah
okay cibo up your Grace's Instagram yes
I told Charles I said Charles is like
her mom went on a liking spree okay yeah
like uh uh liking things I don't you
know you can Halloween I can't do
anything hey go go Oh looky bringing in
the mail oh my gosh I so cute oh what a
good dog appletv deliver me O something
good boy thank you so happy birth and
thank you thank you oh yeah Kobe we're
gonna have fun music I know I'm gonna
carry this all the way home we're
meeting up with Ali's little cousin
interred at me like oh I Lee's nephew
I'm sorry I think it's all the same
thing that's you her sister's son and
then I go get my glasses these are so
old they a prescription like I go
cross-eyed when they put them on maybe
get a fresh look yeah
dang it i'm here with all of my family
we're eating yet again there's Amanda in
the back waving as always there's Dylan
hey Dylan what's up hey where's soon
that's my dad there's my mom everybody
knows my mom and there's sweet cake this
is the lamest you want an open piece of
candy no you want an open piece of candy
want an eraser hey when eraser they're
here anyone an eraser at the end of the
halloween and on yeah it's like
everything's gone yeah rolls yeah so
yesterday we went looking for wedding
bands and i think i found the perfect 10
can i see your hand take off that crappy
engagement ring I got to put this better
one on hey happy yeah get rid of crappy
ring I'm gonna put the good one on
Oh perfect fit looks like they're all
right into my heart get it you crawled
okay now take that back these are my
fancy glasses grandpa grandpa was just
hard to be monday that's cute okay he's
clear ones in me try now that's cool
cool cool or a little tiny but they're
cool wheels nice on you no just shoving
lovely wife I can't you missed a year
somebody's walking around the house and
look at it again he's a personal taster
that's cool hauling on my persol is the
best one for schools I don't think I can
do these the two round their crime
formula I don't hate these crystals
here's a way too small what you guys
think this is it funny how like
sunglasses just work on people and some
just do not work this one is for those
who do not work like a harry potter guys
it's all i gotta do is put the little
like lightning bowl in my face mmm
Wizarding chosen I say Wizarding for a
spell one what I really i think these
are really really cool any like bristles
I love Brussels this is one and it's a
leaders found these color is amazing i'm
starting to you do look like harry
potter though yeah wait your forehead
chin all the way forward hey Charles
that's it
yes it is stare straight at it okay just
don't look at the red dots look at the
stripes wow that's very cool honey of
really pretty eyes up close so bring a
nice and wide for me there you go the
higher blend is a universally was it
been for people people tend to get
calmed by it yes okay so this is the one
that you said it gives a little puff of
air and it's gonna puff air into his eye
check for glaucoma you'll land then I
open for me can't close it hey it's not
coming it's not coming okay focus on
that same thing of the left eye else is
terrible all right I'm done oh is it
worse than getting a shot Charles what
else is your in fried that shit you and
Katie curvy all right trying to beat the
bottom line DC okay so let's go to my
left eye from here we go you see any you
take a hundred grass block copyleft I've
and what's the lowest
comfortably by the second one fine CDC
EK car vieira de UKC department that's
weird did that normal that 1i stretch
rather than another that's crazy i
didn't think what I was stronger than
her so I right eyes were strong wait I
but I think that's kind of normal DC ve
you Casey right mm-hmm like when you do
a test and you don't know the answer you
try to em and then as you turn it into
like a crafter remember the answer down
you and GED and a couple choices here's
that clearly won over better which i
bought it end up going to marriage I
that's too and it's true small one it's
always so funny like these i was feel
like you're gonna like fail a test
there's no wrong answer yes living less
the sugar it's too
at the top
for post the same one half okay let's go
back okay you're gonna be wearing this
all day every day that's the old
prescription shorts worn pretty close
we're very similar but can you see
better yes light really just help that
was interesting about sweating thing I
never seen that double yeah I'm nursing
that one has new to this technology to
shoot that will sting it all it's not
pleasant okay why you crying so they are
you actually touching his i touching it
to your home we get real little closer
just going to say anything that's why I
think
there are learning rides over these you
look good healthy eyes little change in
prescription talk about yeah let's cry
anymore it's okay realize is that like a
I think that only certain people can do
that notice that I know I could do it I
don't do it all the time but I've
noticed that I can do it some people can
so our eyes actually drain from tears
draining to our nose so there is a way
tunnel it goes through there okay and if
your mouths are kind of hundreds i'm
working right then you can have a
reverse air pressure balance so
basically i messed up right now well
kind of hard you don't think i can go up
and go up yeah you can see like little
stings coming out yeah we kind of thing
those people can't do that okay sure
we'll see your special water dead one
day just won't know how they like him
about it like hey I guess what I'm this
squirt milk out of my eye next week I'm
gonna try gatorade like I don't either
the best photo ever are the reason why I
need glasses really this isn't focused
to me this is so blurry you guys put
these like drops in my eye look at my
eye right now
can you see how late it is
everything looks like a blurry blurry
camera that's why you selling man looks
so beautiful really this looks like when
the camera is like actually trying to
focus so if anything is still out of
focus in the video it's because my eyes
are super dilated
right to be
we're not
got my new glasses what he has think
popular top it like this huh she had way
too much sugar today we're we go it's
hard oh there it is wait let me do it
the real way okay try it one time do you
know my legs hurt let me do to you okay
if you can actually do it see you can
you do it there we go don't trust Adams
they make up everything by the way guys
there's so many funny dad jokes never
want to hear a joke about paper
nevermind it's terrible I asked my dad
for his best dad joke and he said you
okay that is probably the best of all
those clever one cuz I'm really a joke I
think it's a dad the dad gets the one on
that one there is one where he was like
what's chorus comes hello 1411 forest
one when my wife told me to stop
impersonating a flamingo I had to put my
foot down I don't even know it'd be good
choose a few onions yeah we'll send
maybe a couple photos or something two
one go two one go two one go two one go
so you look at the laser and puppies oh
so he just tripped you all right
