looks like the house is gone think if I
asked nicely he'll let me do it you know
how like some houses have that old stink
like old smell that because they're like
old houses it's so funny because like
that's because they destroy the house
like that smell is just wafting in the
air right now it smells like old house
you think they'll let me do if I ask
them nicely though
okay can I do that really really quick
Oh it'll be so fun good jumps though try
not to do I did yesterday I actually ate
before taking my medication if you guys
didn't know this is actually the stuff I
have to take pretty much twice a day so
this is dilantin this is a a divan this
is called vim Pat and it's basically
anti-seizure stuff and yeah that's
racing my breakfast or dinner whatever
you want to call it or lunch what is
called lunch this is actually kind of a
trick early trick is just something I
can do now because I've been doing it so
long you're like some people I used to
have such a problem taking just one pill
now I can take companies at three four
five six seven pills not even a problem
anymore that's probably a lame thing I
wish it was like some miracle cure oh by
the way look at this - guess who's
gotten into the candy and that person is
not here right now - admit it huh
squirrel friend squirrel friend yep say
hi did he move with us
I guess he moved so do you remember
school friend do you remember him from
the other house anyway that squirrel
every day would come out and just
torment so and Marley above the pool are
you just playing with them dude go back
and forth mr. squirrel friend I don't
think you're barking what are you doing
oh no he's relieved it's gone haha every
single day he comes by runs back and
forth and just torments my dogs
uh-huh we call them squirrel friend okay
he's going for today they'll be back
tomorrow yeah it's this one's coming out
now this is gonna be the new squirrel
friend it sucks that we don't the pool
cage because that way they can just get
tormented over and over again so
Ali's older sister was in town today and
they went to go have a little sister
date they're coming back right now and
then we're gonna go ring shopping
because we keep forgetting to do that
and we know we'd have to get it done
because it takes so long and I'm being
me and I thought it'd be really funny to
just kind of move some things I'm gonna
move this
I have the GoPro go and you can't even
see it this is perfect you can't even
see the new GoPro let's try to scare the
crap out see I'm allowed to do this
because when the camera's not rolling
Ali scares me all the time and she does
that to me all the time but just never
on a camera so this is gonna make me
look like a jerk but but I promise she's
a big jerk do I let me too high
she's grabbing coffee of course
so I found this latex mask it's not
really a mask it's just a latex that
you're supposed to paint on I can't find
any other masks I feel like this might
be like something I could use
I couldn't find any cable glue so I just
used rubber bands Oh would you see yeah
give us give us
hello that's actually very creepy on you
hello my dear you're terrifying you know
what you look like
what's that huh what's that movie um
Beauty and the Beast type of thing but
it's not buting the beasts share no no
no where's it's like a booby it's judge
me crazy it's some Internet help me out
besides I'm thinking like Beauty and the
Beast but he's not Beauty and the Beast
he's like and it's not that one movie
yeah
meatloaf I would do anything for God it
looks like me though but I won't do yeah
kind of does well I will do anything for
love but I won't do that I I don't think
I want like a band that has diamonds as
big as this band because I think it's
just too much for me
I think the daintier one where you're
going with a date thinking that curve
one I think that dainty Kerrville rose
on the face is over here and I have lots
of hairs Oh a manly beard
this is we're talking about see the
setting of the diamond is a little bit
higher so when you get the engagement
ring it kind of just blasts on the
saddle and it doesn't really line up so
that's kind of like where we're coming
into a situation where it's becoming an
issue Ali came up with this or thought
of this idea and that's what she found
and it makes it look a little bit less
big and crazy because Ali's got tiny
fingers ring by itself is a lot ring
it's it's a lot of ring and I love it
it's beautiful so I I kind of don't want
to take away from that night
damnit just being really simple and
dainty mine is a very simple is platinum
right it's very simple pleasure I made
sure to get that high-end like white
gold gold platinum Ella platinum please
platinum because I just I'm so rough on
things camera I do Caymans of my soul
getting the thing is like I'm so rough
on things my hands you know playing
music and like look at the cameras how
brough I'm on the cameras my hands
fashion the things I would ruin a ring
so easily Vegas baby Marley we got one
more place and I think I'm gonna go with
Cali and go see Sophie the summerset are
playing what's it called the Orpheum and
evil Eber I wanted to go Yi Bert I
wanted to not stop what I was saying
just go Yi Bert it'll be fun I think
it'd be kind of nice I see you guys I'm
with my sister yeah so it's gonna be a
lot of bros little bro DOS I think it'll
be good having a Brandon just a couple
of guys what was the joke last night
that day we were watching a movie or a
TV show the dad jokes guys in
yesterday's video okay I was looking at
him and I was laughing my ass off you
guys killed it so now I have to go
through the hard thing and find a funny
one and send you guys a polaroid what's
the difference between a rich man on a
bicycle in a tuxedo and a homeless man
on a tricycle what's the difference a
tire I love Ellen I can't what we were
watching it was so good
I think is Dwight oh is the awful oh it
was the office it was um it was good the
good bye Michael our office I better do
you guys remember I don't know if you
guys ever saw that episode why you can't
talk I'm talking like crazy right now
you know the episodes with Steve Carell
leaves the office it's not it's not a
shocker spoiler guys he leaves the
office later in the season
I can season seven or something like
that and he gives Oscar this toy he made
and he just laughs because he knows how
crap it is
I couldn't stop laughing it was the
funniest moment that was planned or that
was just him like just gonna find it I
gotta find it I think this both what I'm
crying laughing I'm crying laughing I've
seen it so many times it's still a great
that type of person that whenever
something like laughing control I can't
stop laughing
I like to see them but I'll start
laughing even I even I find so much more
humor when they try to explain to why
laughing about because they can't get it
out because they're thinking I'm there
so I think that I find it so funny if I
just spoiled that episode I'm sorry it's
been 10 or 11 years now guys I apologize
just go watch it that's cool think we
get this bad boy that one's very sweet
it's one away - yeah so different that's
very very unique so we look a lot better
once your size 250 ran yeah exactly
it just reminds me of the ring that I
have at home that I really like that
one's cool so rather than just doing a
standard standard green we decided maybe
it might be kind of cool to create one
so that's three rings into one giant
ring that's actually really cool honey I
think that's my favorite one cuz then
you just saw these three right you're
like a princess
look at this asshole
oh look at this asshole I'm just kidding
they're not assholes well maybe it's a
little bit Sophie is out here with the
Somerset Zack came out hanging out -
this is Bryce Bryce and we're hanging
out of the bus and just enjoying their
artwork so if you remember our bus is
complete crap
look at this granite Kruger oh man gotta
go to the bathroom there's another one
here everyone good get ready over here
oh I use my bathroom
there's beauty queen there it is right
there
three babe over here oh that's why they
hire you cuz it's like crazy I like it
it's funny I think I say this a lot it's
always fun being on tour but it's always
fun being home because when you're on
tour you just want to be home with your
family but when you're with home and
your family you kind of miss being on
tour like being on the bus for just like
the 15 minutes that we're all just
hanging out totally made me miss look
forward to the tour that's coming out by
the way there is I think trav I know he
leaked it he cleverly tweeted it that we
had the we the kings 10 year anniversary
tour coming up in February of this 2017
it'll be ten years will we the Kings
what's crazy is I think I've been in we
the Kings for a four or five of those
years it's crazy how much just that
amount of time is kind of blown by and
how how awesome it has been but yeah the
10-year tour is coming up soon somerset
is about to play so it's just kind of
cool to be back in the atmosphere just a
little bit ally can come because to her
sister Amanda's and she's very rarely
here so her sister is actually in town
so her Caitlyn and her mom are kind of
all hanging out right now
it's kind of cool being back down here I
remember playing shows back here when I
was first starting in my old band
suspense killer it is kind of cool to be
at a place that I once played you know
good to see how things have changed now
just like progressing
it's like dream coming true kind of
thing like this place the Orpheum the
Ritz the State Theatre Janis landings
all these places that we play with Lee
the Kings are literally things I've
always wanted to play as a kid and now I
get to do that and it's just so
beautiful like super peaceful right now
that it's not in the weekend I think
that is my guy I guess that's like our
you want to add the video here she goes
did you want to edit what's going on
