working on the wedding stuff we just
realized that we need that they get to
save the dates out a couple days ago a
couple weeks ago probably I think we're
gonna do it visually to save on trees
and just I think it's just all around
better because every time we get the
same today we either lose it or be gets
thrown away so we figured this would be
this is actually what Jenny and trav
suggested that we do because this is
what they did and Shelley Ali's friend
is actually helping with the design and
helping get like a little wedding
website up so we can make it all I mean
it's us right you know everything that
we do is online is technological this
makes kind of sense that we do it this
way I just noticed that one of these
other cameras I don't want to embed it
because I want to do two for two today
was broken in the back on the g7x mark
Tuesday fold back like another fold so
it's just another thing to break and I
knew it was gonna happen I just saw that
I could think I could fix it this big
glass by me I'm gonna him why do we have
those tiny little screwdrivers see it's
doing this little thing so I thought it
was completely broken but I looked this
was the faulting issue right here so I
think I could fix it
tada have now fixed it so today is going
to be productive so I look like Pharrell
he has that ten going ahead real for
real do I look like Pharrell it's like a
DD I just took my medication
it's dismissing the idea to guests who
didn't eat again I hate this becoming a
theme I feel like I have to baby you I
know it I think said the Internet
see I'm not begging him honestly it's
literally he makes me I have to I have
to have this otherwise I forget all my
groceries not even wanting one of these
or Marley they remember when Kobe was
super tiny my dad had a bike in a little
little basket right here and he'd sit in
it
down the dog in the fact all right yeah
yeah we're gonna keep going
he's saying I'm freaking out join a bake
a pie actually that is Jim that's a lot
of food though I'd rather bake a pie you
should be
the pumpkin pie I'm trying to see if the
medicines a little cheaper here one is
410 you have this 200 the others 40 and
then there's one that just like nine
dollars how does it go from like 500
dollars to nine dollars who's making
these cents
hey honey buns there's your buns honey
all right this is the wedding cake
wedding cake party celebrating what in
case you guys are wondering wedding cake
that would be actually freaking amazing
I would love that that is a carrot cake
I'm trying to eat healthy this is the
worst way to be good
what is that what is that
well here's the thing you're gonna get
all these candies and you're gonna think
you're gonna give it for people for
Halloween but I was gonna eat all this
fight like a week from now
yeah I get she's boss everyone loves a
cheeseball or trick or treating I'm
kidding actually no cheese balls are
terrible
nobody wants a cheese roll
that should be plenty and you'll eat 200
now
right I can't buy it
all right we need to remember ship guard
I can't do this well membership card
I need your membership card hey guard
needs your card like now I can pretend
like I'm driving Davis Davis completely
getting our way this guy I think of
myself like his head normal is that bad
does that make me a bad person
this I take a breather and I say this is
like your car I think we have a Farraj
they have a Ferrari
wheel just imagine if that came out of
her Ferrari hey guys please please
that's her what would a Ferrari sound
like oh my god
whoever creates his UPS
excuse me guys did you laughs you
thought us funny you love me
like doing so I really love him that
much because then I could go I now
pronounce you husband and wife
okay now I'm annoying myself who's in
the shower I just had a bird do you want
to get it clean that way you're in here
did you forget what this thing's for
you better run away why are you hiding
in the shower you goofball by the way
it's actually getting cold watch this
what is the weather my juice is cold for
Florida at 78 degrees did you know was
78 today it was 97 degrees I'm not even
kidding and it dropped down to 78 with
the within 24 hours and I know a lot of
people that's not cold it's cold for
Florida and it's beautiful for Florida
what is the low temperature today
degrees today see that does
mind-boggling for me so I think winter
is now coming maybe should I do a boat I
have too big of a head I think my head's
too big it would look kind of like my
head is like you know like at the end of
a balloon where it just looks I feel
like that's what I look like
see it's kind of hard to do this without
the the seat jacket we have we got a
photo of this yeah it's not like the
perfect it's a really crappy photo photo
literally the photo of a photo like that
and it's kind of on par to maybe this
maybe not as dark so we're trying to
figure out what the guys are gonna have
to wear maybe silver
hey black I think right now the guys are
gonna be kind of in a black suit black
and white suit
okay I see what your bouquet is I can
see what that is
mm-hmm okay there's the maroon right
there uh-huh
so anything really could work that's a
cool color is that weird why is that
weird it's a little different but then
again I'm in school so I don't look like
a funeral but I almost feel like I would
want a funky tie if I'm in a maroon suit
I should do something lot of crazy right
yeah they can wear this cool
I was literally half joking the whole
put some stuff together let's see come
on guys it's his stress are man that is
a sick guy I like that I need to find
that tie that Brendan had when we went
to Washington
what was it kind of like stowing
crossbones that's why Brendan's like one
my close friends he wears skull and
crossbones to the White House well no
he's a lot of reasons why he's my friend
I like him first tie Hey look I found a
little red right it's very close though
it's very cool to read
never no news today thing that pick me
have the tie and a shirt for the
groomsmen would be this difficult
I thought my dress was wrestling you are
see by these dresses flowers would be
more difficult I really that's as far as
because that's a very cool tie he'd be
still cool kid a lot of toys I though I
would love to see the guys alter done
pink oh yes you know what for some
reason I feel like Danny would like that
he probably would like that no no tries
to like it with being a redhead nothing
probably love anything yeah I know child
is actually what I am is a fashionista
we all know that are you chefs Travis
maybe you should ask Travis I don't
spend 14 hours that's true I don't think
so hold on here I'll make a note hear me
out
no no no I love you and I appreciate
your sense of adventure but no I'm sorry
internet tell me if I'm wrong does that
work there's a flower and you owe me
that the pot no with a suit absolutely
nothing no maybe no tie
I want to buy this to wear around the
house now great
yeah the corner in the hole upside down
why do it again I'd better murder that
perfect but some of you what does it
look like other than terrible so please
don't do it might I but that one looks
it I even like the shorts I mean it's
better than okay let's go back to the
white yeah I'm not taking the white go
look in the mirror afraid to go into
anywhere too far people seeing this I
think we should get out of here that's
what you did I could have done better
yeah I think that's good I think it's
nice I like that I'm digging it
that's definitely in the running I agree
hey lady I said that is I think it's
adorable
you are in such favorite arias and super
wanna have a baby mode right now I have
baby fever and he forgets that I have to
fit into a dress
we'll talk about this after after the
wedding you know how cute would it be
like if we got done I get this one and I
get a big version of it that would be
adorable with hey guys do you like
sports there's a very weird charade to
sports money trips or scales again
here's a fun fact I don't know if you
guys know about Ali Ali really loves
Metallica I remember driving with my dad
too when he lived in Riverview and he
would turn on Sandman they'll find me so
except for the Hoff in this little baby
but don't say the word
rather you're embarrassed
yeah getting Barris now Ali had this
great idea because we still have that
Polaroid you know the Polaroid camera
that does these little tiny Polaroids
that we did on Warped Tour like every
single day at the merge tent we came up
with a fun little idea so every day or
every other day or just as many times as
we can think of we're gonna do like a
little special like giveaway or contest
we want to what we want to do is like we
want to I don't know get more involved
with you guys I feel like we've kind of
fallen off of that involvement because
we've so been so involved with ourselves
with the webbing and traveling and all
those things so you know that's one
thing that Charles always talked to me
about that you know he really appreciate
it was being more involved with you guys
so bada-bing bada-boom so what we're
gonna do is for this one I want you guys
in the comments to tell me as many dad
jokes as possible you know there's no
limit just as many as you want in the
comments and then what we're gonna do is
we're gonna go through the comments and
we're gonna select one of you guys and
we're gonna send you guys a Polaroid of
the day just kind of like how we were
doing at the Wii the King merch tent for
example today we're gonna be doing ours
right now obviously I had these odd for
today we're gonna take your photo now
we're gonna take our photo live on
camera
I'm gonna eat a KitKat but it's all no
it's really good it's a really good
photo so what we thought we would do is
like send this out and it's only you is
gonna get this signed photo by us and we
kind of want to do it a few times a week
and possibly make it into something even
bigger than that here's your opportunity
guys in the comment section below give
us your best dad joke mom joke it's more
dad joke but give us your best joke that
is corny cheesy just a corny joke
basically as you can do it as many times
in the comments you could have a hundred
in the comments you could have one in
the comments and it's gone do we were
trying to think of something fun to do
and we thought this would be the best
way of doing that so let us know guys
some dad jokes and we will personally
send you the polaroid from 10:10 2016
have a great night guys
and we'll see you tomorrow
oh yeah don't forget to like the video
