look at that house my god
well we are in the wealthy prior to
Petersburg I'd like to assistance is
where we live but it's film it is
actually like a really old neighborhood
though in singing Petersburg is called
whole northeast go figure with old in
the name watch on to your left and its
historic it's very very beautiful all
the houses are pretty and same Caitlyn
was telling me that there's like this
house and if your other houses down this
road like shine lights to the windows
and it looks really really incredible
that's kind of like a really boring
explanation of it but I think that one
was that's more than that house I'm
looking at houses like I'm gonna buy
another house and we're not gonna buy
another house but Caitlyn and I started
our sunday off right we went for an
awesome walk on the water now I have
this discussion with Charles earlier
that it's kind of hard for me to bring
the camera when we're walking that's a
really cute up to it's kind of hard for
me to bring the camera when we're
walking just because we're using weights
too so we're like lifting weights and if
I drop the camera I'm going to be in so
much trouble so I'm just going to give
you a vivid explanation of how beautiful
it was which was there's a nice breeze
the beautiful water lots of people
walking around birds chirping baby
screaming perfect Sunday on the water
the dogs and I started walking and I
think we walked too far we're not
realizing how hot it was because the
whole point of this dirt all over the
point I'll adapter right here was all
shady and then I realized there was
getting really hot so I think Ali's
coming to rescue us right now in the
golf cart you done you tapped out I'm
are they still looking at that cat don't
even think about it I had to drop a pin
so hopefully Ali figures out where we're
at you want that thing off all right let
me take it off video
do your free our rescuer babes need a
ride okay ready I'm sorry I think this
was just an excuse or out of the Gulf
her Zoey got a little gift from the sky
during the hurricane she's been working
on it slowly but surely you go on that
end I do some teamwork and I'm added
again I decided that I didn't want to
carve a pumpkin again which I feel like
is completely out of the Halloween
spirit but I still kind of don't care
something really bad just happen to and
this was not my fault well it was kind
of funny it is still recording see you
see it just has a gash screen this is
what it looks like through the broken
camera right now you can kind of see me
over here definitely not right here Zoe
can't see at all I should have known
that I would have done this and I guess
that's why you got the black tie so what
time is it close what time is it now I
got like an hour to go do this yeah
Howard ideas we have broken one camera
today guys I actually I think that we've
been pretty successful not breaking any
cameras for quite a long time and yeah
that just ended today that streaks done
I know that like painting a pumpkin is
kinda like this is what I it is yeah I'm
going to rest I'm good thank God no I
feel a little bit better even though
wasn't my fault but I still feel bad
because you're like I just wanna you
know I want to go ahead and do a time
lapse of you doing the pumpkin and of
course the camera breaks this can be the
new age jack-o'-lantern and then I'm
excited we are going to decorate the
front yard and make this the creepiest
spookiest scariest house anyone's ever
seen probably won't be that scary but I
sure did not get celebrate and this year
I will be able to and that to me my
friends is the most exciting thing ever
and voila my finished product it's not
like crazy creamy scary but he looks
pretty rad to me especially since used
to be that Oh rat now it's come from my
front in the wake of the bad news of the
camera they didn't have a four so they
what they do the warranties that give
you equal or arm whatever's in stocking
essence is there in having a force they
gave me a five so it's kind of like a
win-win right now creepy I really not
that creepy when I decided cool I walk
home I see Ali on her hands and knees
doing this turns off so did I you really
didn't notice her gift I literally
sitting on top of lydius and you turn
the camera off well it's official I know
how to really screw up a surprise you
really do I didn't okay Charles just got
me that I didn't even see it underneath
my phone I'm oblivious over him with
GoPro I thought it was my gopher that i
was using mulch doing the time lapse and
the one I was using during the time
lapse was there was enough they had to
have been that because the other one's
broken crap Mayerson know
I don't know who's deaf solid tired
today I don't even know if I really want
to decorate I'm just so tired it is very
nice I'm very excited my phone died so
quickly believes it's so much so this is
gonna be awesome what are you looking at
pal what are you looking at this looks
really good actually the whole backing
looks like totally different I can drop
this in the water so should we try it
break tell me if you can hear me
underwater how is the audio when I'm
looking down like this look pretty good
stop recording stop record isn't it cool
say stop recording dang these things
grew really fast super fast I mean the
purple ones are taking over you look at
it it's like completely full like we
should just whole area that's now
because it's kind of looks weird it's
just like one side is very lush and one
side isn't he having fun over here yeah
I mother this is all from last year
right surprised it didn't break Missy
some time now to use toothpicks I'm just
surprised we didn't break them I know I
remember having to put this together we
put this back because you were so sick
otherwise I think it ran into like
things giving we had our Halloween stuff
out she's going hardcore
I forgot how much those trees are so
easy to do that with zoe's the only com1
so she can always come out and just
chill she's usually finds a stick and
lays down in the grass we don't have to
worry about her right though hi pookie
scary Zoe Zoe what are you doing what
are you doing girl what's she doing
Charles I've been digging over there for
a while sorry what is that what is that
honey would you find her dog has got a
human remain I wonder why she's licking
it Zoe does that team or smell like
peanut butter would you like me to put
more femur on that peanut butter on that
female yeah femur butter want some more
femur butter oh my gosh grazie great
it's the only time oh my gosh our
daughters turning into a cannibal you
better get that bow you bury that bone
be a real dog be a real dog even the
real dogs do not do not eat human bones
but it could be a real dog eat a bond
eat up on target wrap eat double it's
like everything tastes like peanut
butter
I really like that bone be a real be a
real dump 200 au jus on the book dogs
like bones that sticks no they like
sticks to put dogs like bones there you
go to honey bug to be dog except for
like I said human or dogs don't eat you
just imagine if she walked out like this
hoping around and she walked out of the
bushes like that how creepy would that
be oh my gosh I'd be so Darryl I'd just
like comes out with a human bone so I
guess you can say that's always been
getting in the Halloween spirit is it
bonerific it's better if 'ok i really
try to think of a dad joke i couldn't
think of one that's pretty bad that
right do you think you come out with it
I don't know hey DeeDee I don't think
she's gonna come out with it though I
think you're just broke our tree honey
that one looks like it's broken right
there the one that just fell down yeah
whoa oh my gosh yeah yeah get that bomb
vision ready ready though 12
enjoy so cool maybe like spooky but no
that's not spooky at all i just do fine
yes the Duke that's what he's like this
guy I had to change the stupid skeleton
because this was poking out and kept
poking me a friggin I every time I was
walking to the door so I figured this
would be a pretty good alternative dad
as I won't watch I don't know the
skeleton may have caught so now we have
a dabbing skeleton
you
