get that but going
you know Busta Rhymes musically
interesting
we're going to the hipster fair with my
hipster glasses camouflaging okay so
what hipster thing do we want to buy
this time I had to dress super hipster
for this this dogs everywhere I just
want to put every dog in the world
hard stat playing he doesn't know that
we're totally scared the crap out of my
dad we honestly didn't know he was here
today too I was perfect it wouldn't turn
over though we're never all believed
let's come to you and you guys okay well
I'm always here there's so many dogs
here I love it
what you're filming what's your film in
their bed first thing how they recycle
or that German shove it over there and
it's totally Zoe back leg shit just like
a shepherd remember when Marley had to
wear one of those and she kept running
her head into it
she always tried to go into the bed
still she's still Ram forehead of that
is just like the worst thing in the
world for you that you can't get under
the bed I'm so I know that's ur can I'm
rotten rot in the waves tell them to
hurry up we how did we go we had to walk
up four flights but we just went down
like two
I got him hold on
so you guys know how Marley's favorite
toy or one of our only territories with
these little songs yes I know
great okay be happy Marv what's funny is
what she doesn't know is I bought like
her those things bar mark hey one two
three let's just focus on one can I see
that toy I know it's your favorite toy
in the world and so slobbering wet come
on let's go one two three go
there's nobody's gonna come for about
the pink of the green
another few times if any Marley goes and
plays fetch she won't return the ball
but she'll go chase it oh so excited to
have to pee it's it finish peeing
ATD ATD kicked in
he loves those toys so fine so cute so
we've decided to make a fort I think
it's a pretty awful for it that you
built actually no I took them back
Charles started to build this fort and
then we had to rebuild this fort because
yeah it was not sitting up it's not
really for what if it wasn't for though
it's a good start flat better than most
the forts that I made when I was younger
but still maybe we will maybe won't make
that into a fort later he's good guy
he's good guy and now we're gonna go and
get some Halloween shopping done and
we're gonna make our house it's like the
most beauteous place ever in the entire
world that children will fear as I walk
by and they'll remember for the rest of
their lives is that scary and
intimidating because that's what I was
going for that's scary and intimidating
but I think we should turn that into a
fort later on Marley your dad's gonna
kill you for rolling around in the grass
and then you are always good you're just
the good ones oh geez there's not even a
lizard up there
no dude there's no lizard no lizard the
lizard
there's no litter there's no lizard he's
so disappointed
oh you're gonna keep looking anyways no
no lizard yeah
of course we did she was actually being
cute but I got a photo he's going for a
high-five here we can go for a high-five
other arms go back that's not good there
we go
what's he doing oh that's real future
that's real cute look at that bum he's
so hey it's like me so skinny there's no
bum you are so funny Charles what is
that do you feel better now that you
could make them touch bums good you love
clowns River the thing is when you tell
me your weakness I exploit it these are
what we have a ton of these things know
those little guys we got these guys the
entire year he kept getting stuck on my
freakin golf cart and tangled up in the
axle that's a little kinky there red
okay now I'm just gonna leave you here
so bye they have a least favorite animal
as the zombie form great there's no legs
yes I do baby the sticks
that's my legs those
how's it on you how is he talking about
this whole this in case you guys thought
the bat was really floating it's really
Ali oh my god alright so hit that button
right fine right in his crotch okay so
now we just add different music to it it
looks a little bit appropriate
good couvert that's a lot of pumpkins
dad jokes for days
I'm telling you don't have the by Dutch
oven I can just give you one for free
later I'm gonna roll today
hey guys that was us it's not doing
anything else
yeah we get it what's coming for us is
that really funny oh my god what what's
wrong what am i riding hood' no I could
get better these are really actually
really cool did you put your chin
underneath it I've transformed into a
werewolf
just open it it's so good
yet that's something to say otherwise
you're just opening your mouth you ever
seen a pumpkin before not a pumpkin is
through this pumpkin it's like I'm so
curious but I'm not that curious hey
Bella's dude totally been down broken
there you know I think that one neck
surgery oh we're talking about wrestling
women in wrestling the back real
wrestling so I think what we're gonna do
is we're gonna probably do something
like this on the pumpkins yeah we're
just gonna do I be yeah we're gonna do
something like that on the pumpkins and
doing that has to be on that PPX we
needed now that I had to love for
pumpkins it's gonna be a family
would look and spooky so because the
pumpkin is not drying fast enough we
resorted to blow dryer
yeah it doesn't matter though if it's
blowing out air it's gonna get a ton
quicker spooky spooky spooky yeah that
looks awesome
you could do eyes do you want me to do
eyes on it I have an idea I idea yes oh
my god Charles is rubbing off on me I
can't hang out with him anymore so I had
to stop at spooky but look at Caitlyn
she's got creepy eyes and boo hoo so
scary no it actually turned out really
really cool I'm glad that we did that
instead of just you know carving
pumpkins oh I like that you like it
looks awesome you got a quick question
for you guys I just want to ask you
because we've had so many vlogs there's
like what 3,000 vlogs I was so close do
you guys like it when we do these little
flashbacks like I did earlier in the
video where Molly you know flashback to
where she had the cone I always wanted
to ask you guys I honestly think it's
one of the coolest things because we
have such a library videos I guess you
could say that we're able to reference
and bring them back and kind of relive
them but I want to make sure that you
guys kind of liked that idea I think
it's very unique to the CTFxC that were
able to do that that was something that
was actually suggested by one of you
guys in the CTFxC it was a great idea
and we're running with it I think it's
such an awesome idea so if you guys have
any other ideas kind of like that please
let me know in the comments and we will
try to incorporate them in the videos as
much as possible the reason why asks I'm
literally editing that section right now
and I just wanted to ask you guys before
I forgot
so that Zoey's new squirrel and then
Dee's got a new Fox your little cat was
kind of getting raggedy there your buddy
good boy and then we know Marley got
like 45 of these things now but she
doesn't want him now she wants everyone
else's toy the pouting
