no it's been I would say more on the
windy side today thankfully we only have
the wind aspect of the hurricane so we
were very very lucky funny thing is
yesterday all we got was this ceiling
tapestry with spiders which I don't even
think it has spiders it's not even that
scary but it's one step board in my
Halloween process of decorating the
house driving into nowhere that was kind
of scary I think it's totally moved the
car if we were so lucky that hurricane
didn't really hit anywhere near us it
stayed all the East Coast we just got a
bunch of rain overnight and wind lots of
wind so we thought the Skyway we kind of
closed because today we thought it'd be
a good idea to since it's actually not a
bad day it's actually cool to go to the
pumpkin patch to pick up some pumpkins
well that was a fun hour drive they said
four on the phone but then we get here
and then they changed it to three the
pumpkins don't come in for another week
would you go see goats at least
yeah the pumpkins don't come in for
another week they said they had pumpkins
but they had like four pumpkins basic
like a public pumpkin thing I feel like
what genius stay with the go let's just
play with you you see you crazy eyes go
to just like Marley you go gobble gobble
gobble
that wouldn't be our look that would be
realistic for something no billy goat
those are big some big old billy balls
yeah we see them well it looks like we
have a better selection at Publix or
Walmart right now I thought the pumpkin
festival is going to that old one over
there
you can see the sun's trying to go out
through hundred of this bloom right
there oh yeah Barrett that's not that's
not blue at all bedbugs is what happens
we go into the country he come back with
if you ever gone over the Sunshine
Skyway Bridge
you know Skyway I have to do the games
fans might know it as right over seems
like kites flying in the air people like
hold on buddy because they're
wakeboarders
I'm like seriously stuck okay okay I'm
gonna fall Bandon the shoes oh my god
there's once you guys save it seems so
bad
what do I others should go you told me
go this way this is the worst place to
go I almost lost my shoes
it's perfect why are there a bunch of
dead fish over here
I shouldn't be over here I'm gonna get
some sort of weird disease there's a ton
of dead fish over here
the hurricane must have done this yeah I
don't want to be over here this fish
everywhere don't want to be here don't
want to be here at all
when there's a hurricane right now I
feel like one of those like weather that
yeah guys it's Whitney coming from the
southwest okay boarding or whatever
they're doing dancing
oh yeah you fly right away it's so hard
to catch over there so fast at it or you
guys I'll get you a good shot of
somebody flying oh there we go how they
say that perfect timing I totally made
him do that super sad seeing all these
poor fish all over the place though
they're just dead everywhere I guess
they just got blown in from the
hurricane weather I'm gonna show you
guys this dead fish only because I have
no idea what kind of fish this is and if
you guys know please tell me in the
comments because it's I've never seen
this before what kind of fish is this
blue whales or whale sharks for this
tiny little version of it obviously my
intellect and sea creatures is totally
expanding right now early showing it
doesn't look like it's very deep they're
standing up over there that's how
shallow the water is right now they're
like maybe by by height that's how deep
the water is it's all gone the water has
completely sucked out somewhere else
holy crap that's awesome
I think he was showing off
I got a few this guy that thousand
spaceship this is a cool stop oh my gosh
who writes this on tree perfect example
always taking the time to stop and doing
something you don't normally do we drive
constantly past that stuff but we've
never actually decided let's just pull
off and you know see what's going on
sometimes it actually pays off it could
have actually gone a complete opposite
way it could have fell rating some fish
gut stuff that's what the thing is I
could see what quicksand would do to you
now too because every time what was
moving it was a sinking me in and then
at my shoe disappeared I was just like
abandoned and I had to go dig for my
hands this is also where when we did the
horse stuff button rode horses in the
water like right over there
for vlogger mentoring that's a very
traditional looking one oh look at the
one in the corner it's got the curly one
very ghoulish like Charlie Brown
the photo
who's running guys so that is now the
third annual Charles creepy photo
pumpkin face like that it all started as
a joke and now has become a yearly
tradition
this is like the Yoko Zuma of pumpkins
right here 482 pounds but it's the most
perfect looking pumpkin diversity in my
entire life looks is it real looks fake
that's perfect looking these are all pie
pumpkins well we're gonna be getting a
bunch of these and you're gonna be
making a bunch of pies the guy back
there just told me in school be on all
the pumpkin lessons like the white ones
Davis basically kept doing the yellow
ones and breeding them together
I feel they got lighter and lighter and
then this boss like knivert stuff
I don't know crazy jerky but I'm
learning a lot of a pumpkin today
these are called Mexican top hats but
you know they actually remind me of you
know those toys that were like little
like rubber things that you get out of
those like quarter machines you like
push them inside out and you sit on the
table and then you like wait for them to
pop open and then they'd shoot up in the
air by the photo those things are
they're thoroughly the stupidest toy but
they were the most fun in the world like
that you would give for a quarter in
those machines that's what these things
remind me of this is as stressful as
picking out a frickin Christmas for you
they're all freaking same but they're
all slightly different good thing we're
going though we'll get all the stems
before all the kids break them off yeah
we didn't get to do is all at all there
because you were sick no I was really we
didn't do any of this fun stuff Ali and
I have gotten to a point in our
relationship that we know that
philosophy we're not going to eat all
our foods when I start sharing
everything cuz every time we go out
Ali's like I'm so starving or all this
I'm so starving something stomachs all
shriveled up and then when you start
here
lovely right so we've gotten to a point
to where we know and we can admit to
each other let me just share food
together everyone and I got very sick on
my way home one of the pumpkins had a
little speed
I was Humpty Dumpty how's an egg yeah
Humpty Dumpty his cousin was a gourd can
I can i press that I used to love those
as a kid my mom had hot glue guns yeah
she's my mom my mom had it those hot
glue guns everywhere and I would
literally just glue things together that
made no sense everything kind of like
your mouth oh yeah you're the only one
giving your own self a rim shot so you
want a pumpkin hey want a bumpkin deal
it ugly bumpkin so you get ugly pumpkin
oh you need attention
be hey you goofball and granted like we
shouldn't be letting them do that it's
all our fault
you can obviously say oh how it smells
like an old house they just totally
demolished this entire house sucks I
wish I was here because that would've
been really fun to kind of do I kind of
always wanted to like not necessarily
destroy a house but just like use one of
those giant tractor bulldozer things
first I didn't see the giant tractor I
just thought it was from the hurricane I
was like what happened here I want to
test something Marley stop Marley go
where I stopped who are you
all right stop what the hell's going who
is this dog what happened to Marley
