are you so excited are you excited I
figured that would be the best way I
started video is that this pointer
sisters I'm so excited
Molly knows that probably so excited
everyone be quiet this is Ali trying to
make sure they don't go crazy in the car
mainly this one that there if we can
keep Marley quiet we can keep these two
quiet actually if we keep him quiet
everyone else they're quiet
yes it's winter and we are going to the
dog eh
you ready d great
Ali's and Mama right now it's actually
kind of crazy I didn't think there would
be this many people oh wait I forgot the
drill I always forget the drill when I
come here okay it's still gonna be
beautiful
so what's your leg you ding-dong waiting
on you look at that we got our own
section of the beach pretty in there hey
you ready to be free right run free run
free Marley you're not free yet some
reason you listen all right there you go
run free free like the wind she's not
wasting any time no time wasted
oh wow it actually feels nice
this is my favorite part my favorite
part is diesel swimming because he's
just he's on a leash and he Bob's like
catching a fish he's like a fish and
there goes our dog Zoey come on you
belong to us it's like the only time he
ever likes the water
he's afraid too he's got the pin brain
she's not on a leash we're gonna he's
gonna go away you lose your spot you
don't remember where yet well the thing
is he just doesn't know where to go
he'll get lost like I'm not even
exaggerating if the bedroom is dark and
he doesn't know any idea where at he
will how I'm not even kidding that's not
an exaggeration go there we go there
goes bar come on
you're welcome it's cuz my bathing suits
too big cuz my other ones lost I think I
lost in Australia it's like the
Coppertone baby it's actually based on
me
praising to the girl no it's not this
off to me but I think mine got lost in
Australia so what is I don't know so I
have to use this big bathing suit that I
haven't worn in years i over bought it
because it was the only one i could get
it was the only one available so right
now my ass is hanging out you're welcome
world he's the only one like in the
water right now come on guys Marley
let's go I'm going sweat I need your
help
she sells me out all the time you're my
friend right Marc Marley ok never mind
normally diesel is not this type of dog
where he likes to hang out and play
though ease is hanging Marley's just
hanging let's see if we can get you a
cool you know I'd be cool alright fine
you want to be cool
this guy's are so pooped
we put towels all over the couch because
we know that it's inevitable they're
going to jump up there after we give
them a bath but I'll let it go this time
cuz you guys you played so hard they're
so quiet I don't even recognize you
and then Rico did you play hard while we
were gone and then this one she's just
she's done are you dying you down for
the count and then we got it sweet so
underneath char are you pull up no I'm
ready to party
I can't L get it I can tell I showed
your eye real close because I can't L
get it I can tell it is margarita I want
to say margarita Monday but it's just
margarita national margarita day I don't
drink so I'm gonna have a margarita
pizza
what all right all right now I'm said
hover root beer this is an interesting
place there's a giant crab on that that
trailers got crabs
you got this mostly they'll be wearing
at least one ready
oh yeah wait gonna use blue meringue it
inside Instagram story
I don't do Instagram what do you do look
at this tree looks like it's getting
blown over by the wind you guys got it
well you didn't have to pay if it blows
away you don't have to pay free food the
lights can you say yes and you see yes
so we just got done having dinner with
Melissa and her boyfriend gave me props
on he didn't say so I did say so they
said we just did a good job didn't say
so I don't think any vloggers out there
probably know that everyone in vlogs for
the first time or we've been doing
in nine years well I think it's almost
like a nervous tic well I think yeah
because it's like you want to narrate
it's like so I'm gonna be doing this I
guarantee people watching this vlog do
it or have done it in the past that's
definitely true other than the eyes
everyone does that so continue on I went
to have dinner on the actors first time
there was like literally on the water
and on the beach huh
it's really scary and it was it was good
but the weirdest thing happened they
completely forgot about charles peele
completely forgot because we were
sitting there and we all got our meals
and then tart didn't get hit so when she
came back I was like oh I'm so sorry he
hasn't got his burger yet or his veggie
burger and like oh ok he let me go back
into the kitchen and see if they can
make it up right now and then they clean
they were cleaning the kitchen already
somebody is working that food industry
if something like that you forget the
food ok everyone forgets the food I
worked you know like what I get it
however if you go and go like hey you
need to make the food and read grill we
clean the grill there is no way that
food is not coming back with a little
bit of loogie answers I don't think
that's I'm sorry I do all the time so
yeah there are suits and now Charles Lee
meals already such a trooper try to go
home and I'm gonna cook you the best
meal of your entire life like I will
make you a dog
I will put that Chicago veggie dog it'll
be the best cockeyed show you've ever
had in your entire life I will put that
veggie dog in the microwave oh I will
microwave that dog for you you will have
the best microwave Weiner you've ever
had in your entire life alright but it
was really nice however it was freakin
cold which is so weird because it's
listen it's like 75 degrees out for
getting that like wind off the water
made it so much more cool and really all
oh speaking of hair guys guess who's
getting onto our top job
okay in the comments let's was taken a
bet on if Ally is going to live up to
what she says she wants to cut it short
I will give I will give you $20 if you
actually do it Wow honey for $20 I'll
totally come in here it's the principal
I don't know like there's a part of me
that's like I just want to cut it
because it's driving me nuts but then I
know me and I'm like I I love what I
have I love their what take the bet I
would like that 20 bucks do you want the
$20 who knows we'll see what happens
okay today has been a bizarre day but
it's been a fun day
I really today was the day worth of
celebration that we can't talk about
quite yet we will talk to you about it
very very slow yeah yeah but it was an
awesome day and it was perfect and you
know we get so caught up in work and
life that sometimes we I don't say we
did liked our animals because that's not
true at all we're very good but yeah we
tend to get so caught up and work that
we kind of push certain things aside
that are that mean a lot to us because
we know that they're going to always be
there so we had that opportunity today
to really focus on the fact of like
spending time with our dogs and then
spending time with family and it was
really nice it was actually like a
really awesome awesome
and beautiful day today so we can't tell
the whole knows we can't tell the cool
news
so we guys can up another things yet
it's like there's really good news that
happened today we're not trying to make
this clique baby which I know
everybody's a sweet baby but it's great
killing me but I can't alley and I got
really really kind of obsessed with
Mario Kart I feel like anybody yeah
we're very competitive it's the only
thing we're ever very competitive about
and she's actually pretty good which is
kind of frustrating for me so right now
we're gonna do a game some kind of yeah
it's frustrating so in the comments I
want you guys right now to choose a team
team ally of team Charles for this race
of Mario actually the whole Grand Prix
so who's gonna win
make your guesses now make your wagers
now my wife is dumb and they just moved
over so tyre is so amazing how much like
the beach just takes out of them yeah I
love it they just kind of chill
no one's going crazy it's that one over
there
well I've got you with a green turtle
shell oh I mean it's a bunch of
mushrooms
I was so I the second place this is for
all the marbles
so you won the game you trust me
well if you were team Ally you won
alright guys so before we go to bed I
just have to I have to show you
something one of our security cameras
caught so check this out we should play
even the best part is they smelled
Hallie shoes and bolted I think that's
the funniest part he's like oh look at
this Oh screw this he totally left
anyway guys hope you enjoyed today's
video don't forget to subscribe and if
you were team Ally and you didn't choose
me
you suck actually Alan I suck we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
