good morning everyone
Wow Oh what happens is I slide
everywhere this morning like took the
dogs out it was four degrees and it
jumped up to 24 degrees at 10 a.m. so I
don't think it should be too bad of a
day so I think we want to go check out
the caverns or something I'm building
Zoey's little wagon that we got that way
maybe we could pick a nice little walk I
don't think we kind of want to walk her
down where we did earlier because it was
really icy and she slipped a couple
times and I don't want her to her hip or
anything like that the wheelchairs what
you need those doggie wheelchairs
apparently they have one of those
caverns kind of like when we went to
Carlsbad we went to that one cabin that
was like how far was it I don't even
know yeah so I'm hoping this one's just
as cool I mean that's kind of hard to
beat that one that was really acid it's
kind of hard to beat that one though
doesn't have those specific glows for
cellphones so I turned around and this
is what she's doing Florida winter life
does prior to cold if this is close
chapped lips
so I'm it oh my god there's so much
stuff on this thing oh my goodness I'll
have to admit that was pretty cool
however I think we got spoiled with the
carlsbad cavern we saw like summer stuff
this is all winter stuff we did
something where it's called they only
showed us during the sometimes because
it gets I guess super hot we did a thing
though it doesn't call total darkness
they're saying that there's almost like
a sensory deprivation thing yeah and so
what happens it's like they were like
pulling it to us you know imagine if you
were a miner somebody who is going
through the caverns and you know there's
no electricity back then so they only
had the handheld lanterns and you fell
and dropped that lantern here in total
darkness and they said obviously like
three to six weeks to go completely
insane but they said that if you're down
there from four to six months that
doctors say that you can actually go
blind because your retinas get lazy
which to me being in that total darkness
for a second oh my god that totally
makes me crazy and taraf honestly that
was I was terrified I was genuinely I
closed my eyes at one point just because
I was more comfortable with the darkness
there but it was absent I was terrified
you do you like search you're like
searching for some sort of light and
then you kind of trick it yourself right
I guess who like but you don't yeah that
was actually was pretty the other thing
is I think I would go insane with those
sensory deprivation things what I've
always been afraid to do him but that
was pretty gnarly today we kind of came
out here and did that little walk with
Zoey Marley and diesel but the problem
was it it's like so slippery we got
really nervous that they were gonna like
break their leg or something I don't
know they were slipping basically is
what I'm trying to say so we're gonna
try to do this more time also Ali didn't
get to see the Falls feeling right now
20 degrees maybe 19 right now and it
feels beautiful word the health reason
born Florida and it's 40 degrees it
feels like negative 5 but I think that
maybe either in my head or the fact that
we're near a bunch of water of the Gulf
it's tough just like negative - I think
it's beautiful
this is not living
she's still got chapped lips we haven't
we haven't rectify it but right now I
mean I'm loving this is gorgeous give me
a breath smile the chapped lips smile
until Charles it's apparent that my
upper lip is what makes my smile leaving
we went to this our Huan's good older
ones got the best view in the house just
like you babe by the way I didn't film
it the lady at the caverns had so many
good dad jokes she was better than
anyone I've ever like heard she was like
cracking them up no pun intended being
in a cavern see it was like that crack
cavern crack crack from the cavern night
no didn't get out no careful slippery
but I went like this and like scared her
twice I don't want to turn around and
really fall this time holy crap spring
it's frozen okay so this is just another
viewpoint maybe those people that person
is literally on the rock that's ballsy
I would literally fall any of them I
don't know well she do it he did it they
did it she did it go on a little
adventure guys oh my god two of you way
too strong
yeah you guys got a fork Earl was
supposed to snow but I just looked and
it's supposed to oh my gosh this is
wrong hand to be doing this
all right all right all right guys
Morrow was supposed to snow all the the
Weather Channel all the other weather
outlets said that was a snow but I guess
it changed overnight last night and it's
what's the rain it said freezing rain
now
we're from Florida and everyone's been
making fun of us rightfully so we didn't
want to go down the mountain when it was
like super slick so we're gonna try to
go home a little bit early maybe stop
somewhere on the way home just getting
out of the mountains cuz it's just I
don't want to go down the hill and ice
alley especially between us both like
kind of driving when I use the hills
we're not used to mountains we're not
used to mountains we barely have hills
hey guys
well it is time to say goodbye to our
little round house a round house round
house kick I know if you can see it oh
you guys saw it long drive home we might
end up stopping somewhere we're deciding
if we want to go pull the whole like
kind of long haul or kind of stop
somewhere so it's gonna be another
adventure we don't know what we're doing
all right yes hungry
time for a food break / bathroom break /
we're hungry break flash dogs are hungry
but we still haven't quite decided if
we're gonna make it all the way through
or not obviously by the time you watch
this video you would already know the
answer where we know it's a mystery for
us I feel like that's more fun our
hashtag tour life you know if we're
gonna stay in Savannah Georgia tonight
and possibly tomorrow and Diesel's
making illness no but I just oh yeah you
did sorry I can't open my mouth like I'm
so chapped there tends to be more snow
here than there is in South Carolina and
North Carolina combined and look at all
of that ice as well yes we're check-in
you know makes sense this is a
pet-friendly Hotel because it's couldn't
have carpet you notice that yeah that
means they're gonna echo if they try to
do some bad stuff like bark which you're
not gonna do right your best friend's a
little bit of tour hacks that I picked
up in the past like for example when the
court is not long enough to the
television for like you know Apple TV
Fire sticker like Roku or whatever it is
it just have to do some reorganization
things I've learned over the years I'm
pretty but at least you don't have to
pay outrageous hotel movie fees smart
you guys aren't supposed to be up there
but I guess we have to pay for all these
fees
so he's glad to be out of the car well
you guys are missing is this beds pretty
it's bad 10 1/2 feet up maybe maybe
there she goes
look at that he's like where's ya I'm
gonna go to bed and we're finished
editing the video tomorrow we're gonna
kind of wander around Savannah right
with Savannah Georgia I've never been
here like I said Ally's never been here
so we're just gonna wander around don't
forget to subscribe guys and we'll see
what happens tomorrow bye
