stick your head in there all the way
stick it in now it makes it so much
easier in the dishwasher Oh God
hurricane has yet to hit probably in a
hand the next like two days but this is
definitely the call before the storm
when preparing for a hurricane like
getting enough water make sure you have
candles
it's not gonna go bad why Charles and I
have just realized we haven't prepped at
all I don't know I guess I'm very
optimistic though it's kind of past
because it does pass pretty much every
single time but for some reason there is
something deep within me that's like Ali
you need to go grab water need to grab
more candles and that wind out there we
have enough really in rain and every
once in a while we have a little bit of
wind but no crazy rain yet it's like
hurricane Matthews on his way we haven't
had any actual really terrible rain yet
we've only had that little spurt like we
had yesterday because we were all in DC
and that was in New York did it rain
when I was in New York yes it did but it
was it was like normal Florida brain see
that's so weird because I've really
never seen a hurricane that i can
remember then consciously remember it
going up and swinging back around kind
of like that I've always seen it kind of
go directly for us like a direct shot
but never up and around oh by the way I
have glasses because my eyes been
twitching lately thought maybe with my
body like you know with a vision or
something like that so I thought maybe
putting my glasses on for a change you
staying too long to a starbucks Market
Market guys Ali gave up the starbucks
right now despite the whole hurricane
coming because we get to start the
catering so we get to get a lot of
awesome food and see which one's good I
think we told you guys are ideas that
we're gonna have instead of like a crazy
buffet that we were gonna have kind of
like food trucks out with different
things we they can have like selections
of
food at any time we thought it'd be kind
of like a more interesting unique thing
that for us to do and I've never been to
a wedding that actually has had that
here you guys money off besides our
water spot all right all right so this
is a seafood option right here all right
so this is an Italian cobb salad okay
this here is a tunable it's we call it
the hurricane both erotically that looks
delicious and over here we have a
service that looks incredible they all
look incredible okay I hope you're
hungry
you dancin over there what are you doing
very light refreshing
what does that sauce on there I know jo
e somebody wasn't listening I mean
nobody are splitting the food and so
beautiful
Wow but peanuts on
can eat all I know you don't like
seafood hey girl there's something for
you going there you go these are the
appetizers this truffle risotto pork
yeah mobile for catia fact miss the crab
dip and this is shrimp you correctly
thought that looks amazing I've dreamt
that deep breath that Wow yeah cheers I
love 10 and then they give it to me so I
feel like you know having obviously we
liked a few things got done this is a
beer well my cheese is bleeding that
what it is I was like what the hell's
going on oh my my mouth was bleeding all
over sorry guys I punched her in the
face this before hey right oh I was
staring at her I didn't know what's
going on oh well I got new like retainer
things today the braces the part you
tight now or they're tight but they're
always type it um he said cuz they had
to give you do certain person my teeth
were they kind of separated a little bit
more so that my teeth moved because my
teeth are so tight my mouth is so small
day there's not enough for it basically
had to grind a little bit of like space
so that when they move they're not
pushing them out and doing everything
counterintuitive that's so weird isn't
it
I'm so strange so I was just staring at
your mouth I was like did you get food
in your mouth it was it couldn't get you
here to help so I think we found our
awesome caterer they're really nice and
the food was so good in our like whole
vibe that we want to go for it they're
going to mail it at first everything got
a little confusing because we started
bringing food into the actual venue and
then we got to figure it out to where
we're gonna actually have the the truck
have a place where the are the main
courses and that was called our entrees
that's worth of proteins or the like the
actual entree without the sides will be
served in the food truck the desserts
will be served in the future I don't
give away too much yeah aside from those
little brownie bites which I every
single one of them because they were so
good the dessert ideas so we came up
with these like mini donut ideas are
mini churros because we figure every
wedding that we've ever been to you know
like think about it like the wedding
cake nobody ain't it it gets passed
around and nobody eats it and it's super
expensive and just gets thrown away
we're talking to the caterer of people
and they make the all these cakes all
over the place shut up sit all over the
place but basically they were saying
like it's just it kind of is always the
money and I have to agree with him on
that they speak about the last wedding
you went to and if you ate the wedding
cake and if it was even good yeah not
that it was baked in properly but they
could just you're not in the mood for
cake I think our wedding is gonna be
more to this style where it's like
smaller portions of things
and very handheld we wanted it to be
like really interactive but does the
search there's like little these birds
that we had I ate them all I already
told him everyone are in my stomach I
can't wait to a marry you because I love
you and be eat all this delicious food
right now we're heading oh my god hold
on hold that thought like look at the
water it's all like there's no water
it's all sucked out look all the rain
over there you're right there's that
hurricane this was kind of looking so
bad because apparently there's another
hurricane coming up that's pushing it
that's pushing it doing this weird
little like guess the best way to
describe it would be kind of like a
shepherd tuck we're kind of goes up like
this somebody on a swing like you push
them and they come back you push them
and they come back I think and this is
when it's trying to go out it's pushing
it back in the weirdest mark in the
world look at the crying one there's a
big jug of water not exactly
preparations this is just in case all
the electronics died we need something
to entertain ourselves
your fudge spring
I don't know ever knows different I
don't know drinking water i mean this is
drinking and then in the name Ali got
her first piece of Halloween candy and I
have to say she went the wrong way with
though you can get the marshmallows like
the creamy like you know like a very
creamy yeah the caramel caramel caramel
what do you say caramel caramel caramel
you see caramel yeah I don't think I
ever stayed caramel I think it's to my
shelf yeah to make syllables you da
there's actually really interact oh
that's nicer all this so what that's
like eating candy corn I love can burn
mmm eat it Charles I like washing all
hmm come on marshmallow person good i
like seeing people's our groceries in
our but do you like any corn which are
the worst thing ever to
I'll just write the wedding song and
I'll sing it to the diesels like please
stop doing that I just want to pee
please stop doing that
we are actually on our way to do some
like Halloween decoration shopping I
know right I felt like this would be
like a good time for us to bring up
audible and I know people get to worry
about promotions but this is the coolest
most long-standing they've been working
with the CTFxC for I think over two
years now so crazy I think they're one
of the most like chill coolest companies
ever in the world I love reading books
but obviously I don't have a lot of time
to like sit down to read a book the
beauty about that is you have somebody
reading a book to you so you still get
that feeling that you're actually
reading a book but you're not only a
movie but it's like a movie book but
it's it's cut I don't know it really to
me it reminds me of a movie and I'm like
one of those people I like to listen to
music rather than watching movie so this
is like complimentary yeah it's kind of
like both yeah so I decided that'll be
kind of really fun to do a goosebump
book because I freaking love goosebumps
they scared the crap out of the other
kids were one of my cam we couldn't
figure out which one we should do so I
asked Ali which one was scariest for her
and she chose Idol Living dummy and if
you guys have not read that you should
read it used to scare me so bad when I
was younger but ventriloquist dolls
that's what it's about and it is
terrifying like clowns and da like st.
well kids ventriloquist ventriloquist
ventriloquist like where a person it was
gone public that's of it but it's if
they were so creepy to me to this day
even if I ever saw one I put a log there
soaking up but anyways so if you go to
audible.com slash CT FX right here on
the screen you'll get a free 30-day
trial and you can from there look at us
we're like a married couple it's like
we're getting married or something like
that uh this is the best part so I like
those streaming sites were you like your
streaming things you don't really own
them you kind of own with audible when
you buy a book or get a book from them
it's on your device your Android your
iPhone your kindle your whatever you
reading off of their your books so they
don't just disappear somewhere in the
cloud yeah I love that that's one of my
favorite things about them so here's
another reason why I think the
goosebumps was a good choice because I
lost all my goose bump books when I
moved from my parents house so I've been
slowly rebuilding the
digital form so now i have almost all my
goose bump butts back on my phone so i
guess listen to mom anytime I want on
the plane now let me remind you that
he's been adding all of them today it
way more because the whole like
reminiscent yeah miss of it happened
today really cool I got we got to read
that book but if you go to audible.com
slash CTFxC you can get your free 30-day
trial I'm really gonna encourage
especially like the younger generation
even our age Kovac remains Goosebumps
books nope trust me guys there sorry
listen you can listen to it on on work
three hours yeah go back to listen to it
because they I feel like a party was
gonna be like okay this is not as scary
as it used to be but I feel like a lot
of people are still gonna get freaked
out it's gonna have if even if it's not
scary it's still gonna have like
reminiscing that cheese to it that makes
any sense alright for halloween i'm down
for any of those oh got a few the pups
now let's see I gotta do my traditional
creepy work baby calendar photo stuff
but I won't want just to have it we're
gonna stink should i do my creepy
pumpkin pose as i've been doing the last
couple years I think one actually made
into a calendar sweet a second ones like
Burton ones like Ernie should do to Bert
and Ernie look this one
this is that good one okay I can't pick
it up not with left hand are you kidding
me you would put that one on I knew when
you disappeared you were doing something
weird coffee and eggs for breakfast dude
less for breakfast this one up scrambled
over easy
and this will tire blow to left
Wow when you have a six-pack that's
really intimidating from that look on
your face you'd be the guy that I would
want to call to save me please tell me
if I'm doing wrong you look real cute I
don't know what I'm more amused by the
fact that we are trying on Halloween
costumes in fact that Charles is trying
to try in every child's costume that he
possibly can I did it it's by high water
grill exactly this is a gorilla that
chase the speed apparently open and
there's a real-life gorilla feet oh look
you should be a banana you big gorilla
real oh that's so overplayed I can't see
your face delete your face interesting
costume pearls good all right okay
you're too of the character right now
hey go you got it no okay you got to
buying it honey don't pull your pants
off we're in public let's keep it PG
here
haha stop by any clowns hmm are you
gonna play get stopped I don't like
clowns this freaks me out I got away I
guess give it walk around
you
