what was that just yours now you just
have a giant dog bed you know that
there's enough room for probably 10 dogs
on this thing we're back home feeling
good guess who's back I always liked do
it thinking that you guys are gonna be a
surprise and i showed my sister but I
feel like I'm with our a loser looks
really bad about no it does no I've been
noticed that you know more like this and
I just well I think it's just the
rounding of this for the pushing your
your arms forward my control you do not
hunt kalyan I have the same thing like
my passion because I'm so tall and most
my friends are very very short so I
we're jumping up topping but because
most of my friends are very short I
noticed that I try and lean a little bit
so I almost like push like my this area
out like my stomach and my hips out and
I used to always be really scared about
having good posture that was a big thing
when I was growing up I remember like my
mom and everyone always saying like pas
cher pajar put your shoulders back so I
think I focus so much on my shoulders
being back that the rest of my name is
like at whatever but now you don't have
that posture you know I do notice a
little bit up top I just go like that
sometimes like when I'm working on the
computer every day I always do this i
don't i like I don't control my father
yeah but what I feel like with computers
so that's like a natural thing is
totally clean eventually your body
conforms to it a little we're not
letting that happen Cain I don't know if
the Hurricanes still gonna hit us I
don't think it's gonna I think we'll get
some weather from it but I don't think
it's supposed to like I saw on the news
today we're like outside of the cone
awesome Miami is doing okay though bad
area cuz when has the prints on there
actually Cecile is down too
me and I just want to make sure she's
okay by best friend shelly is in town
she came over last night and one of our
really great friends Nicole it's her
birthday today Caitlin and Charles were
making fun of you today because I'm
really really excited about Halloween
this year because i missed it last year
when I told them said how funny would it
be if we got a whole bunch of people
together and we were all dear you're
like a herd of deer like a herb deer and
we went out for halloween and we would
all like prance from location to
location eat a little food whatever have
a drink and then prance to the next
location so we're like an actual herd of
deer that's so weird and different so
that's what I love Halloween I love to
be weirded different and people really
don't know do they just embrace it
honestly I think one of your best
costumes was when their Charles were old
people pants down because you guys were
to you guys totally sold it I had a chat
one thought that you're actually old
people hey smile that time to do smile
you were telling what to do for 40 years
it's the whole getup guys it didn't
fight two wars hello Wow gonna break
another damn it can't afford it tricks
there's so many trick yeah we have the
smallest dog here and it's always over
here being good well not really you're
not even on your bed hi hey brother are
you doing you pushing me off you're
pushing me off i miss you i know i miss
you too all right don't fall hey guys so
I have been having the worst luck lately
with technology so I guess was it like a
couple months ago or a month ago I don't
know what happened but I lost 20 years
of music and then Ali ended up losing
some photos but I managed to figure out
how to get that back but I lost all my
music and now I've been using this
program maybe about eight or nine years
now and I've been using to do all my
expenses and all my income just like as
like a little PDF like just way because
I like to have you know like things on
record come very OCD guess what I guess
I
matic updates and a new version just
sucks so bad so I am now in the process
of trying to recover that so that means
I've now lost that I'm just having the
worst luck ever but I had an idea so
what I'm going to do this phone my old
iphone 6 well this is my old iphone 6
this is 6 plus has the data right this
has it right here so what I'm going to
do is I'm going to backup and restore to
here and then what I'm going to do is
I'm going to transfer all this stuff
that I've had for the past like when i
get die from this is the good thing is
it just came out so i'm going to
transfer all the new stuff like all the
photos White House photos all those
things onto this which I'm going to
restore back to the old version and then
from this I'm going to back up and then
I'm going to erase this one which is
very risky i know and i'm going to
restore this back to this still with me
so confusing and this is all in theory
but i think it might actually work if it
is i'll consider myself a mild genius is
the mild one alright step one and then
step two we'll get this stuff all the
way over to this stuff and then back
this up and then make a nice backup of
this and transfer it back to this i love
apple products but you know when they
say it just works it's a lie I know all
you guys who are like anti apple are
loving this right now I know you guys
and Frankie if you're watching this I
know you're freaking loving it too so
you think that this would be like the
most comfy couch in the world in its
target rock that's what is that I don't
know what this was in there
I don't know I wanted to show kitten the
idea for the wedding and I got here
actually pick up a few of you things for
the wedding we figured instead of just
like going through a company that we
could necessarily rent it from it's a
cheeseburger it's like any is things
that we would actually use skin so I
kind of want to get it here and then I
have friends that are actually getting
married next year and I told them my
idea and I showed them what I was going
to use and they liked it so here's my
opportunity to buy it and then let them
use it maybe we have like a wedding
business idea we need to get a new rug
Marley peed on it again and i was like
he looks this one like if you had their
sucky you totally fit in you'd be like
the cool person or family young goes it
looks like so use your imagination guys
what does that look like a very sparkly
this is not kids costumes these are all
dog costumes look at a dragon hockey
player I can't believe all the dog
costumes this is kind of blowing my mind
right now I guess that's a pretty big
thing now probably thank you to Charles
he's the only person I've ever known and
actually buys costumes for the dogs was
this one look at that oh my god
alright turn the back month I'm actually
talking to Frankie right now we've had
this ongoing battle between each other
because ever since that Samsung was that
note 7 kept like exploding and catching
on fire we all the whole band has given
him nothing but crap basically like he
invented and designed the whole thing
and especially now because they had the
whole recall and then they just
announced today that a recall phone just
exploded again on a plane so I
immediately and just giving them so much
crap it's so much fun so guys I have an
announcement we're in baby clothes which
means that I'm not pregnant I'm buying
more baby I'm not pregnant I'm just
buying big blues for a printable and
look there Shelley I we are just walking
around to every little section really
calm oh okay it's so cute but we're like
we're both a little nervous about having
kids it's a little nerve-wracking but
these baby clothes I just want to buy
him and keep them Teenage Mutant and
attack really do you think a baby's
gonna need a tracksuit I mean Caitlin
you should be a giraffe for Halloween oh
my gosh what's this one is this one uh
that's a elephant okay you and a cat we
could we could just be it's like Jumanji
lit out okay look at this one so you
could be a leopard and you have your
leopard feet Kaylin it could be a
unicorn this is great look at this oh my
lord maybe this is what I'll be for
halloween will be a unicorn and you
dragon and a leopard all the best of
friends certain losing my mind looking
at all the stupid computer crap here's
the thing though I took my medication I
always say this a little bit later
because i didn't eat and i thought it
was a little later than i thought but
unfortunately it's starting to hit me
right now and we're mid-walk so I'm kind
of like kind of tripping out right now I
get it trippy trip tripping just
literally hold the leash a little bit
tighter and I what it Marley
idiot so she's literally becoming my
guide dog thank you so making sure I
don't walk in front of the road you get
hit by a car so I'm going to test you
out right now see if this works I'm not
gonna lie this is kind of freaking me
out the worst part sees I have Marley on
the same leash seemed early doesn't care
she'll walk me right into a fricking
like sewer grate like that as long as
there's food around there still sell me
out in a second like because you're
completely where the entire time but
your garage boiling
she stands like that every time it
cracks me up so describe how I kind of
feel right now it's it's kind of like if
you're really really really drunk and
you're completely aware of the situation
but you're still really dizzy we picked
up this one I had to like lift him up to
get him in here but also he keeps
sliding everywhere so I had to send it
back with him to make sure that he
doesn't slide everywhere but I think
he's enjoying it so far my plan is
working so if I go into the app no I'm
not going to update ignore forever
lesson to learn sometimes a new updates
right Zoey new updates aren't always the
best but I feel like a super genius
right now that this is actually is
working so high five guys his face is so
funny I was watching him driving oh my
god you keep sliding everywhere did you
look so bad
home run okay so I had the old backup
team grab a backup this one so now I
have to do is erase this phone and back
it up to this phone this is like super
freaking nerve wrecking now Ali do you
want to hit the erase button so if
something happens it's your fault No so
I found everyone and we're going to a
nice little pizza place before the rain
comes a hurricane hurricane Michael so
actually be kind of swinging back around
i'll show you guys it's actually kind of
insane i've never seen it do what's
doing right now see here move over here
really quick and see that get some shots
of the lighting i'm just gonna stand
here like an idiot just waiting any
minute now there it is knocking on sign
eat some pizza thank you bringing this
over tonight like to live like open up
your suit comes a train
you
