sorry
Charles
mmm
I get going
get out
going down voice is so raspy right now
we were heading home obviously I think
we just did what we can do in Washington
was just hella dahlias like I don't know
what else you can do in Washington I
guess you can hardly two times that I've
come here it's just been a lot a lot of
fun yet I feel like we've really
experienced Washington which are the
bikes which is finding some new shirts
the Blackshirts are both those new
shirts the person riding bike is
actually me the last time we're here in
DC and your ride bikes around I don't
know if I can keep up with her ma'am I
kind of like a permanent memory but we
always have now are you ate some chili
honey I'm sitting up playing for four
hours
the worst idea in the world is a
restaurant look I love
now yeah you don't want to do that and
here just like oh you don't want to use
a plain toilet I've gone my entire life
so far knock on wood ever happy having
to use a freaking plane time I think the
p I'm saying number two on a plane
toilet you just want me to say foo you
think I have a child this is funny look
at this it's appreciate the humor of
this what was once phone booths are now
charging stations oh thank you my hero
I couldn't get my cream cheese out
sounds gross didn't get my cream cheese
out like the word moist who else on the
internet thinks the word moist or soggy
is a really gross word
that's what every time and always
a hair always give me my keys in my foot
you notice when I was in bathroom right
now
for the for the first time this entire
trip we're not working the bathroom
you like an elevated
see a beautiful person
you
yes where we are on an escalator and in
atlanta i was favored in
always walk from here to be don't take
the plane train if you have one thing ok
there's the sky lift this guy there's
birds flying above us there's another
Airport that does the student now after
the Detroit a camera which airport
you got a blow dryer
oh it was okay
I was walked in that door
highly no idea I think they're just
trying to cover up all the construction
that's always around Atlanta
very graphical you ready to get home I
used to happen you snap chatting like
that do you snap at Chatton are gonna
see this clip on her my blood you can
see the back of my head I'm just got on
his plane and now there's laying this is
part that makes me sick so they're
switching this to another
the good news if there's any good news
is that they are just doing like a plain
swap out so we don't have to actually
sit on the plane for like an hour to we
have a case of the terminal girl is born
yeah exactly another 40 minutes
but at least we get to walk and I'm
decide yeah
but at least we get to walk in the
terminal and said like sitting on the
plane the whole time
for the set to isn't broken it was fixed
earlier and they didn't like how it was
fixed it's just the most idiotic thing I
ever
I start this again they had one plan
let's do this
galen mess with her looking like
I'm so tired
shit my bit up see if that Pacific that
you cast the same way 7 billion saw was
going to get Dan Goodwin says how
he called yet
Oh
just be mindful
limit
and we're home as you can tell it's a
little bit quiet right now because
melissa is watching the pups so we're
gonna go pick those guys up and loudness
is going to come back all over again
it's really honestly kind of crazy
walking into this house when it's
actually quiet and they're not here
because I'm so used to that the chirping
of the Marley noise the bird dog going
through all the freaking man you know
like when you leave and come back and
then you check your mailbox and you just
had nothing but junk now so I have all
this junk now is go through and then lo
and behold medical bills anyone want to
guess how much an MRI cost just just one
MRI anyone want to guess in the comments
it's just pause right now and see if
you're right Ali how much do you think
one MRI cost ok that was a pretty good
guess 5559 dollars oh yeah when you had
the dengue stuff the dengue fever guys
remember that whole fun stuff luckily my
insurance covers all but like a thousand
of it I think I'm responsible for that
still sucks so bad hope insurance sucks
basic it better yes well I think about
like you so much for it it doesn't cover
anything now than when you need it it's
like yeah you're on your own I will be
with all my stuff I would be well in the
multi-millions probably in debt like
bankrupt from all this crap if I didn't
have the thea health insurance i do have
so Ali just went and got the pups so she
told me to go on the couch so when she
opens the door just to see what kind of
reaction they do cuz you know how they
always go so crazy all right pulling on
oh hi that was that crazy oh I was
expecting some freaky bloody to third
bloody lip oh really that was it nobody
cares what are you doing what are you
doing that's cuz she's de Austin well
you know what have you seen the rain
outside look it bad holy with a
hurricane wow it's like jet black
outside is it Michael hurricane Michael
I don't know not sure hey always there's
so many of them don't tell me there's
pee on that I will cry excited they were
more excited see me than they were to
see him mama go pick up diesel in a
second I'm look at the gym and pick him
up on my way home yeah doesn't even
really do it justice over here but the
bad thing about the cameras you can't
see the darkness
yeah right yeah I'll do it here good I
can't do it anymore I go hard gotta keep
going
bullshit
Georgia watch zoe remember when that was
once fun as a kid oh I try was going
she's fine
oh honey she is looking so freaked out I
really excuse me huh yes that's like a
certain age and it's no longer fun now
let's make sure I rub your call
correctly please tell me your reason for
calling today I'm trying to call because
the application that i have been using
is now off stuff because of your
operating system and what i call you
hang up on me is that different enough
and then a good night for just a moment
what do you want did you do this on
purpose you know today is national taco
day no but I feel like I'm on right now
this is literally this is crazy this is
the second time in a row that we've
accidentally been a part of a national
named your car day was the last one
national taco day is done you happy
we're home just give me a taco brother
they get taco get the fuck out of the
way here's looking better mmm tacos yes
that it's been nice and I like going out
to eat out eat I look good while
watching you cook yeah doesn't say like
what do you mean you love to cook oh
don't ever cooked listen corner to poop
can I have them throw us some water
please if you don't mind I love you my
house worth it I know I heard you I just
ignored it even though the trip was like
short it was awesome and really cool
experience I'll never forget it
definitely goes down in the books I
think it was probably one of the coolest
things I've ever i should have to do
well thank you for allowing me to join
you on that adventure because horse i'm
very thankful for you it's more fun when
you come with me on trips otherwise
intercession st when i was in your
I just go do what I need to do and then
I just go to the hotel and I just fall
asleep hang out with girls and girls
girls hey you know whatever works it was
funny because they were friends of we
the kings it was always ready they were
and then there was this girl I love it I
don't know my actions I really honestly
don't care when I was a time no I call
it Ali immediately when that happened
you did it was pretty funny so I was
left it's hard but rate when I was
talking to those girls in the middle of
it a CTFxC ER came right there and just
started like asking if they could take a
photo right it was the most awkward
thing for me it was like I was like this
is really awkward but yeah of course
hope you enjoyed today's video was a
little more low-key obviously because
the traveling but I feel yesterday was
an amazing sorry oh no I forgot to tell
you you know how Ali was like losing her
bag all the time on Delta this time did
you call him yet not yet she
accidentally because we switched planes
switched equipment as they like to call
it look let you know those headphones I
got her like the first gift I ever gave
her those teal headphones she
accidentally left him on the plane like
between the sea and then I realized that
about 15 minutes late not even have gene
like 10 minutes later yeah it's a great
alcohol and they said that they couldn't
reach anybody that was at the plane and
they said they weren't there so who
knows where they might be honestly I
think one of the things that I loved so
much was the kids that did their own
video about how they wanted to how they
pictured their world to be marley and
these kids really under 16 it was just a
blew my mind from the video services
yeah so the film people wait way yeah
those films so short films alright guys
we'll see you guys tomorrow have a great
day well this is good idea bye guys bye
you
