hell out of that building watching
someone try to cut anything with a
plastic knife always cracked me up
that's right i mean break and snap off
and I came to see you so dark we're
getting our morning little breakfast of
course we breakfast no more go figure
and then we're heading down to meet
everyone over at the White House lawn I
literally have no idea what to expect we
just met up with Brendan and we were in
the longest line I think I've ever been
in my entire life goes all the way back
there all the way down there and then
all the way back up is you got to have a
little bit of security going to the
White House right just a little bit like
there's bunch of Secret Service
everywhere Brendan as per usual is
always super dapper making this look
awesomely bad and so that is a pretty
cool tie though so that is the white
house right there we are literally
walking the gates into the White House
after you man
else
I keep thinking like oh we're in a
museum whatever got the museum is the
actual White House pulling my mind right
now
expect loud music person who went into
the White House
can't remember like where this was from
specifically Brendan pointed out if we
turn around here who's that gentleman
hello the Blue Room
Wow
Circle it Christopher Columbus and it is
now the Red Room have no idea why but
make sure you don't fall down the steps
of the White House honey that'd be
pretty embarrassing Brendan do you think
you'd be walking down left in the white
house anytime soon right one for you one
for Brendan good yeah the way you're
attacking pay for it you're allowed to
have some I do the most expensive piece
of grass I've ever owned my hair well
wash it is
there's no bugs in that one Mythbusters
Ali and brendan are going to do this 3d
artwork I'm not doing it yeah
this
all the pushing nod your head welcome
das
Ali don't fall off the stage that looks
like an acid trip right there
don't knock everything over
like it I loved it there was one that
was for all the individuals that really
perfected over full shooting and he
walked into it it's like
shooting people
oh yeah we saw I know but it's so crazy
because it shoots off from under you I
got a clip of Brendan Gaughan
mine wasn't like it yeah he didn't have
any flashing one please a little
playground I didn't know they had a
playground on here do you know well
obviously for the kids oh that's where
the president for the president goes and
plays you just you know lets off some
steam and just hit michelle you know go
play in the playground this is so cool
never in a million years especially
making videos online when I ever end up
on the White House lawn standing in
front of the White House we made it guys
we well there's a stupid let's do the
hair right now of course the brand new
camera has a freaking hair walk in there
I think it's a VR thing I think this is
an example this is the VR thing to show
you what it's like to be in jail I guess
they've done so many things that this is
probably pretty scary though you see
that yeah gnarly we're on the other side
of that fence and now we're on this side
it would suck for you whatever now
because you can't see because that LCD
screen now today would be a bad day to
go see the White House did you ever
think that you'd ever be at the White
House lawn this is probably the coolest
thing for me because starting these
videos 11 years ago making videos online
people I would say this you guys people
always telling me I was stupid I was
wasting my time and it would never
amount to anything all I got to say is
I was in the White House do what you
love new passionately good things will
happen I was part of the it's on us
campaign it will launch very soon it's
actually a kind of commercial squat with
Biden and Obama that's what I was
actually in New York filming all that
stuff so that's the thing I couldn't
tell you guys about I'm really excited
about you guys seeing it that's
definitely a first and thing I never
thought either you know that to do is
that's a good one honey I didn't realize
we're coming down those stairs that we
were actually coming down the stairs
with the front of the White House it was
like that he sits outside upstairs on
those on those little furnitures
procedure there like a thing about me
your 15 seconds enjoy yeah I get back
inside Holly wants to go on this coffee
line looks like a ride to a theme park
I'm in my element though I feel like I'm
with my people because good coffee
people like you know what we need
someone join the poconos do you want to
go to the Poconos oh my god what
happened do you think they have a gift
shop tomorrow come here Brendan want to
go to the gift shop when you know what I
bring in bed and think about coming
under this ground right now is the
bunker like their safety bunker all this
area for all these people are it's kind
of crazy though that they have all these
people on the lawn no I thought it'd be
a totally a good security thing hey guys
it's really well organized I feel like
this is a flash mob
you
so not exactly what you had expected the
White House with hey I love surprises
that's cool so good and he cares is walk
by he's wearing a fedora
it is so incredible and you guys are so
inspiring and we're so happy to be here
so the net Phil is the world I want to
live in Brendan's favorite show of all
time and he was like giddy as a
schoolgirl I don't know where he went
right now he's over there probably try
to make friends we were like oh I think
they're strangest thing here gasp I like
to take that an awesome spot right now
because the Lumineers are going to play
and then they're opening up for
essentially for Obama and Caprio they're
gonna have a conversation about global
warming by the way is that awesome to be
actually behind us as I do me favor with
the president
just walks five at this walk to your
task
happy with his book
I don't wake up this keeps
later look
there's
ah
Oh
Oh
what this way
good it's awesome there aren't they so
good there's another great i was telling
to our earlier that I firm are missing
the Lumineers having a baby tops like 30
people on their show and another playing
this goes to show you
Oh
you
are the scientific consensus is in and
the argument is now over if you do not
believe in climate change you do not
believe in facts or in science and
therefore should not be allowed to hold
public office i honored and pleased to
be joined on stage with one of those
leaders and president was done more to
create solutions for the climate crisis
than any other in history President
Barack Obama first of all I just want to
thank everybody who's been here all day
some of you ever have involved in South
by South Lawn it looked really fun I was
not allowed to have fun he did I had to
work although I did take some time you
guys may have noticed to take a picture
with one of the Lego men thank you it is
my anniversary
um before all the craziness just wanted
to show you that how beautiful this
looks like at night the only time I've
ever actually been able to film this at
night which was like microscopic on the
other side of the fence look how
beautiful looks when it's lit up check
this off the bucket list mr. president
you got to go to Martin's tavern before
you leave up is hard seven Georgetown
you're the only president since truman
shoe american coalition okay how do we
escape the White House something I never
thought I've ever seen my this is one
incredible trip I don't know if you get
some see me at all but away
I feel like this is a one that left i'm
gonna think comfy Obama number one
Leonar
that was random part of oh I'll remember
this power saver gone through the gates
will probably never get to go through
those gates again I think it's one of
the coolest things we've ever filmed one
of the coolest azar the vlogs and it was
actually really clear honestly thought
maybe it wasn't uptight at all we were
gonna go out and have a nice little
dinner together but we're seeing that
the second we actually got off the White
House lawn we're like let's just go to
the grocery store this fall asleep on
the bed because we have an early flight
as usual guys I have to say today is one
of those for the record books of the
vlogs I never thought when starting
these videos that they would ever ever
end up at a white house maybe a white
house but the white house no way and
today was kind of a little bit different
than what I think you went to New York
to film poor but I just loved it it was
so much fun it was a blast in a blast
and I can't wait for that that
commercial spot to actually come out cuz
i will definitely one hundred percent
tell you guys when it comes out and yeah
I don't know guys I just want to say
thank you so much for watching the
videos and thank you for making this
stuff actually happen for myself for
Ally for the CTFxC all this stuff really
cool siege epic see ya there was
actually a couple CTFxC rose that
actually built the South by South Lawn
big sign I think I name is Sierra there
was four kids so we are three kids that
we met that actually had films in this
and that film festival obviously taste a
little bit longer of a video because I
really didn't want to cut like much out
because it was all important and it was
all freaking awesome I will see you guys
tomorrow as always hope you enjoyed
today's video and if you are brand-new
please make sure to click the little
subscribe button I don't even know where
it is anymore somewhere on this page
find it and just hit the subscribe
button oh alright turn tricks
cuz I'm so excited I would back
