hello guys good morning we are heading
over to DC
you ok bit
sweet I go for that
and I was like brilliant receptions like
never million years that I have two
daughters that were afraid to move
ok
the overture begins Allie's learning
things on her ticket that she never knew
existed so I love traveling with her
everything makes are so excited
everything that I've seen a million
times from traveling so much you can to
get like kind of like over it and kind
of like just you sick of it but with her
it's like oh it's so cool it's like
makes it fun again well the good news is
bad you have to go the bathroom it's
right there oh geez ninjas are so
backwards come right all you got to do
so get your head again 3100 I thought
your bun would save you it's not that
padded it's like a helmet
David ever put in the world Ali wanted
to walk and then his shoulder that we
were right here and we got to be all the
way down there this isn't the fun one
the fun the fun one is I think between a
and B one that looks like a like a
jungle
this is very boring one if you look it's
all in the construction all right I'll
see you there
you freak out at my left welcome aboard
the plane train please hold on this
train is departing let me see that hair
you can open your eyes now you look like
the crazy teacher that have lipstick all
over
there's some screenshots for everybody
now virgin Walter your purse you're 70
like that see there's a jungle one
that's the best one
the new stuff
can you not balance yourself joking
quick behind you everyone's here that
ride and universal was a subway or
earthquake
we you're on a train before
see if you can ride go Steven the run
for it
okay see the fall
roll robot that's look at the dog it's
telephones old telephone or Morse code
thing yeah what it was called I camera
with all you know the quality that's
what's bothering me look at this one I
was funny looks like gonzo it's a gonzo
robots dog robot dougie that is so call
her you should try to make one this is
Ali's little mini heaven right here on
the sky club taking all you can drink
Starbucks you do me everyone put that
away from me oh sure ma'am thank you sir
I'll throw everything like what we do
some valleys over there cutting everyone
can't take her anywhere you're just
pushing us way back in the back of the
plane iron take the green business first
class I don't normally you can see the
better for her Oberon get out there
he has noticed that new angel actually
two things the new intro and so thank
you so much to Roberto for booking us up
with an intro and this is actually
really really fun we did not mean to do
this at all yesterday actually the
second October second yesterday was
actually national major karde AA
actually didn't it apparently you
hopefully you guys need birth weight
yesterday was the first yeah October up
over second 2016 which was yesterday no
chance the second yeah so it'll be a day
earlier no no it came out today so
international day of non-violence we
should be every day I
you guys were on when I jumped off that
cliff it wasn't that one oh it was that
well it was not it was this one Charles
has much assignment let's cut to that
and what's his show it was this one was
not that one because this is by that
hoop so this is different this is a
wholly different section that thing was
standing by itself how much one about
the internet and I'm on the back of a
thousand dollars I have a vast knowledge
i'll go down on right now
Vic I've we have an agenda where I found
the videos this is going to bed now
Charles go your turn go
it literally feels like you just hear
when was playlist so we were just here
yeah so yeah alright so we got to go
hopefully Ali's luck is completely good
this time because every time we fly an
ally checks the freaking bag they lose
it any distortion around it was it was
four times in a row and I was like out
of money
that's my guess but now he's got a
hopefully we got a really really hope
that it actually there cuz I don't want
to be dealing with this and waiting for
the fourth time again is it coming this
is like excited
because it's actually here yeah I know
it's some ridiculous but like I did
before Karen's in a row I mean have you
pretty like knocking Joe watch somebody
just has an identical bag as you and
that's actually not your bag that's
probably not a bit I thought my ass up
hey it's mine that's yours one last
escalator babe and then you're in the
hotel room look up look up you're gonna
fall so we have finally actually made it
to our hotel in Washington which it
wasn't really far from where at the
airport but it's a little bit from the
White House so we have to print out our
tickets and then tomorrow we are off to
the lawn I don't know I think it's gonna
be a pretty epic day we obviously I
still can't tell you guys exactly what
we're doing but tomorrow you will see it
Charles S is printing these things out I
keep thinking about how hungry I am and
cool thing about the hotel Iraq is it
gives you free cookies I'm still hungry
so I want like a meal cuz I do this
every time I travel I don't know about
you guys but when I travel I have a
problem where I don't really like eat
when I'm on the road like in the
airports and stuff like that I don't
know what it is but I just just never do
it I'll have coffee and maybe water but
that's about it I need some food in my
stomach it is with the card there and
then we have to sit the thing there you
go yeah it yeah come these hotels that
have was called like digital keys and
what you can do is it's kind of like an
airline no one's kind of like like it
airlines is that you get to choose your
room kind of like choosing your seat on
a plane and I love it just because like
every single time I go to any hotel I
always put my like cars or room key
cards next to my phone and it
deactivates it anyways you know what's
just use the frigging digital key so
that way my phone actually the key our
words the other light is that the only
light we have this is definitely not as
cool yeah oh darn it when it looked on
the map you could see the freaking uh
Wow you can see the freaking Washington
Monument but this one now you can't see
it
oh you like this one it's actually knows
there's a whole foods that's exactly
what I wanted Washington food all right
it sucks cuz like on the map I'll show
you the map it looked at you I'm a dress
to fit in in like four months five
months eat that cookie all right we've
got a boarding passes I the boat I got a
print because I don't ever have a
printer so you tell them what we're
doing you don't have a printer anymore
so I had to use the business center you
might need a partner we should put we
don't need one everything you can do all
digitally now oh it's good food
everything's closed around us so luckily
there's a whole foods but i think they
close at ten and i just want to make
sure they're actually still open
actually ali see what time it is ask
Mickey get tap them Nicki what time is
it thanks Vicki
thank you thanks Mickey you feel like I
feel like you're like the 5th wiggler
this is what we do on our vacation we
spend time at the grocery it's a fun
like novelty I didn't know this grocery
store actually had this oh there was
reminds me of like South Park which one
do you think people like the most
no really I don't know we'll give it
away ready technology unlocking oh and
words oh it's freaking cold now so crazy
do you feel so good I have a question
what horse favorite version about doors
no I have a question internet I travel
so much you guys know that blah blah
blah blah I'm trying to figure out is
that chromecast thing worth getting
because I have apple tv's I always
wanted like chemo send stuff to the TV
that's not my computer my phone but I
thought the chromecast is so tiny and
you just plug it into USB to see me
doesn't have a USB or something like
that I was just curious you guys are the
best researchers in the world what is a
good way I can get stuff on my computer
my phone to this thing please let me
know without an apple TV because those
things are so cumbersome so this is
going to be the way we're ending our
Travel day on the hotel bed with some
grocery store salads and quesadillas
watching pineapple express best way ever
okay so tomorrow we're going to the
White House I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
because your brand-new and we will see
you tomorrow as always goodbye
