that's right
they're all living and I lose my mind
hi Betty good morning so do you think
you can leave get out of here
get out of here I don't wanna hang out
with you anymore get out of here
get out of here get out of here what
what okay okay don't don't like that
tail no oh you're so bad oh good right
here get ya I don't like playing with
dogs like it's good out of here yeah
well good morning my internet loves out
there I am sitting by the window but not
a little makeup look a little good today
cuz we're gonna go do something
originally what we are gonna do is we
are gonna go to this place called like
the morning market or the indie market
that they haven't downtown Champaign I
feel like you guys have seen it before
in the past but we were gonna go there
and then it started raining so I kind of
hesitated to do a lot of things this
morning so it's kind of procrastinating
it's Saturday and then it turned out to
be beautiful so we kind of missed the
market place I think we have I think
we've missed the market tomorrow we
leave for Washington we're like two days
to do that special project which I'm
actually really excited to be a part of
I'm super blessed to be a part of it
me individually can't say anything
exactly out about it until we actually
go to the place that we need to be so
hold your breath well maybe don't let
your best for two days but hold your
breath it's gonna be very exciting at
such an amazing cause but today I think
that we are
go just kind of explore and I'm super
excited about it I have finished with
makeup I don't have girls is everyday it
kills me
girls we well good morning I can't
believe how chipper you are this morning
like you need to calm down all of you
calm down you're way too excited like
seriously you might be the worst you're
way way too excited everybody calm down
calm down calm down that face how you
doing I'm good
push back flights and we're not going at
6:00 in the morning anymore high five
let's do something fun today know what -
no I don't want to do it okay cool
that's what I was thinking I didn't want
to do anything fun happy Saturday
Internet
Zoe is then the smallest patch of Sun
that she can possibly find
you can venture off into the darkness
the goober Allie got this badass wait I
thought it was the I thought it was
laundry detergent when I was taking out
of the car yeah I thought was literally
laundry detergent one hi quick what TV
shows that from - hi
three hi come on somebody's got it now
it Marly lift some weights
we're trying to take the Gator out of
Marley that she's a little hamster I
know what you doing
look at that homemade racing stripe with
the spray paint and everything that was
amazing I got home early kai was
actually supposed to still be in New
York but I decided to come home and have
an extra day early because I missed this
idiot we're trying to find a car show
we decided that be kind of fun and
follow all the old guys in the cars look
at them okay
okay punch boat you know punches back oh
right
oh they're all leaving were they going
all right maybe there's a now that's
right
they're all leaving I'm not losing my
mind this was probably all full of cars
for Charles one and only look at the car
show
well even though it said Internet seven
I guess I came a little bit too late
there's a few cars left and we saw a
bunch leaving but you can see there's
like a few really awesome ones that
white looks really beautiful too I feel
like an idiot
I really thought we were gonna be here
in time but we are never here on time
we're never anywhere about time all
right I was wrong I thought it was over
at 7 it said it was over at 7 but I
think they're closing out early because
there's rain coming cuz if you look up
that way okay you're right crap you're
right okay the design octopus actually
it's pretty dang cool
feel like that would be difficult I
don't even know how you would really do
that looks like it's like a three-man
job you only build a flight like a
hurricane
yeah it's the one car show
I keep telling char these are my dream
cards right here so chart will train in
my car and drive Wow no we're talking
about like driving it's funny suppose
you don't want a new car
I know right sorry we're not gonna put
this one in the contest even though I
think it might win
have you ever named your car not you
should name him or her her car no you
have to give it is it a female or male I
don't know driven this car one time my
entire life I've never had this time I
feel like it's a girl it's a girl
the reason why I think it's the girl is
because she's sassy classy and a little
smartass here times Heather put that
yeah then I mean she wants to focus on
me that's true that's actually really
true it's not even focused on me when I
have my green Honda Civic it was too
dark on Zoey and it's called the Green
Monster and the reason why I called it
the Green Monster is because it net-like
that car went through hell and back and
never died
so we should call this Black Mamba the
Black Mamba
yeah I know
all right what do you wanna do now do
you wanna go tonight keep in place you
like the Floridian yeah do you like that
we're going Ali is now a happy camper
good what's the size of right it's the
size of your head probably it's like the
apocalypse so the rain is starting to
drop a little bit on the windshield but
just wait you barely see it though the
dogs are very freaking the hell out
right now we decided since we have
almost everything kind of situated for
the wedding we're like really on top of
right now our wedding planner is
extremely impressed on how on top of it
we are I'm impressed at how on top of we
are yeah side high-five it doesn't thing
that she's still getting used to it so
we decided
if you want to make anyone
self-conscious you'll just grab the
underneath of their neck Wow what are
you doing Koza / what I'm saying was we
are going to go maybe check out wedding
bands
I don't trust you right now oh they must
have a great one right now we decided
that today would be the day that we go
check out wedding bands and check out
you shut up I try to just shut up and
buy chocolate we're gonna go okay thank
you
we're looking at wedding bands so that
way to get that taken care of
so she get hers and then I'll get mine
when you order you're getting regular
right away I think I'm gonna get a very
diamond Griffin
wait what's the Wolverine
what is the metal that Wolverine is a
nuh-uh no you shut up shut up
Anna in anta an tiem or something like
that
it's something it's something like that
deep breaths gels is deep breaths and
ice can see the word
please someone correct me I know on the
right track by just Ana antium I keep
saying the same thing over and on it's
not the same thing I gotta wait I got a
win for what you're saying you can say
what you want to say so if it's clever I
should probably stop talking so no
that's cool it's so funny because there
I feel like they're so similar but they
are so different - that's very different
I can't see you wearing that one you
should probably figure that out what
your size is before we order a ring it's
kind of like how you do it with me be
fun for you
you don't really look like that's your
new Bing yeah beautiful you got men who
decide so I got a bunch of them yeah
that was 30 K that looks pretty awesome
though it's just a lot of timing for me
you know tiny hands like I even like
these diamonds on here like Sunday's my
oh yeah maybe the other ones this one
might fit a little bit there
babe you wanna tiara dogs hi hi oh
that's mean
Hey what are you doing we were you
digging up you dick
Marley took so long to get out from
underneath the bed I told Ally to go
ahead she's really bummed she can't
believe the pack right now though are
you waiting hey we caught up whoa watch
out for the girls oh okay go back I got
a pack I know it feels like I literally
just got back home because I literally
just did and then tomorrow we head out
to go to the White House I tell you guys
we're going to the White House we're
going to the White House the actual
White House we're gonna be on the other
side of the fence tomorrow I'm excited
and it's definitely a bucket-list type
of thing I don't know if we're gonna get
to go inside I'm really really hoping to
well that's been getting a little bit
more daring with food and I have a
little bit of shredded cheese and I'm
gonna give some to Zoey but first I'm
gonna sprinkle some on Zoey
clean up Zoey it looks cuter than it
actually is
she's just trying to get food but it
looks like she's being sweet I will see
you guys tomorrow as always go check out
the new shirts at CTFxC eMERCOM
have a great night guys bye
