this might be the saddest day of my life
Mike eric is broken oh good morning guys
so the reason why I'm out here in New
York City per day is the shoot they
actually asked me to be a part of the
I'm going to film that at like what time
is it now I did it I would always
thought i had my app watch I was like
joking around I don't film that in about
an hour and then I'm going to get on a
plane head back home so literally this
trip was only 24 hours it was probably
one of the quickest times I was in and
out of a city other than la at one time
so I'm literally here for only 24 hours
and then I get to go back home it's in
the meantime though I'm gonna enjoy this
view right now because look I have a
cable on this one out this is going to
hurt snow pack oh there's stairs
how do i get done that was like a fluke
complete fluke I knew it would never
happen again mmm smells like pizza and
sewage New York for 24 hours a night
here it's freezing and now raining you
got to just laugh at things like that I
have to try to find the YouTube space in
New York that's we're filming everything
and I've actually never been to the LA
one you know the one with the helicopter
in the front but I've actually I think
it might be the one with a giant Google
last night that we saw if I would guess
that would probably be a safe guess this
is the elevator to youtube right here
yeah I've been working with her for a
very long time I can never say her name
right felt so uniquely it is Kira yeah
there it is I got it finally Willy Wonka
movie all right here I go this way this
way this way this way that's what we
really get to go up and down this is
Brad hey it's going to try to make me
look a little bit better than I do more
handsome more handsome can you do it
yeah handsomer handsomer is it a word it
will be now if we do it in quotes it is
handsomer there we go there were any
things in quotes becomes a word I love
that you're right wonderful i think
actually Charles I these legs are really
hot okay this lighting is actually
better for skin tone okay turn but I
might be trying them on up and down ok
that's fine I don't nothing for you to
be worried about you to do all this and
I'm gonna gauge my face as well and
that's fine we're keeping it real simple
to get great skin we're just going to
hydrate it and then to do a little bit
of studio fix powder Frank can I see
four
I know you're getting makeup done but
this is the script you know you don't
need to memorize anything but so they
are going to have you read the whole
thing not just your lines so them so if
you want to just look over it what don't
obviously makeup comes first well I can
work around
super freaking early and I wanted to
walk around and check it out the YouTube
space unfortunately best I don't tell
you guys exactly what I'm doing right
now that promise you it's for a great
cause so many spots here it's really
cool that YouTube has these kind of
things now especially thinking back in
the day when this is kind of like
unheard of it literally is like walking
on Willy Wonka do you tube entrance okay
fine oh god so you'll just repeat after
us a few few takes trim will get reading
through the whole script to have a look
at other than for the head you know it's
just time to change things socially
sounds good all right like I said guys
it's the YouTube Walker it goes up and
down side to side diagnosed whichever
way
straight up and down just like Willy
Wonka obviously just finished everything
and I could either go to the airport
right now which i think i might do what
I'm considering because there's a pizza
place called Gotham visa which has now
become ally and ours a little pizza
place that we kind of found it
accidentally discovered here in New York
we were trying to find rays pizza and
literally as I think Ali Anais favorite
pizza ever and it's about a mile and a
half so I'm thinking about maybe just
taking a little walk even in the rain
and then I'm going to the airport and
then going home kind of crazy to think
about like I could be in New York City
and then in a matter of two or three
hours literally back in my own house air
travel is insane I do really like kind
of break it down it is kind of
fascinating especially when we're always
complaining about you know like things
like not working or being late it's like
you could upend in a freaking wagon and
your ox getting dysentery rolls I open
this way it's gonna get soaking wet you
don't want this and carry guys you don't
want it and you don't want your ox today
found it I had to do it before leaving
get all of that New York traffic Oh turn
down chemistry after tunnel no traffic
oh really so we just got to get around
this little area
you
at least it's not as bad as it was
yesterday spraying that there's no
delays or cancellations I want to go
home so bad right now there's only so
long I can handle the other it's a
beautiful city but special you're by
yourself is only so long
oh now I kind of wish I was back in New
York with that weather so hot Oh to
Valley that fair warning prepare
everyone's headphones hi nope nope
sweetie diesel oh I lost a tooth on that
one monster hey monster diesel good man
oh yeah come here calm down calm down
you're so cute and I appreciate the love
but you gotta chill just a tiny bit okay
just a little bit okay just a little I'm
right here compress compress my
compressor I feel like she's calmer hey
come here come here watch out for
failure settle lunatic coming over it's
good to be home I really thought you
were going to like get freaked out more
so now that means awesomeness I gotta
send everything to dftba because you'll
see at the end of today's video the two
new t-shirts that we have are finally
available at CTFxC merge com or Danny
calls it how to dress like a dork com to
these are like awesome i love them so
much tribe tyler good friend of ours
took these photos while we're in
Washington we thought it'd be such a
unique different way to make a t-shirt
so these are I think the most unique
ones we've ever did and I love them so
much I will wear them all the time but
able to do that right now which I
ordered a pizza on the TV that's how
hungry I am I went to watch simpsons and
I just was like oh there's an app for
pizza that's what I did focus I just got
back home I wind stopped by to go see my
sister and my mom at my sister's house I
like pull into the driveway and Charles
is always obviously I'm gonna tell him
into it Charles is like sitting outside
scared the crap out of me because it's
so dark out in front of our house
sitting outside with two boxes and I'm
like oh my god it freaked me out so what
are you doing out here and he's like
I've been locked out here for a half
hour who you knew I was on my way home
and you could just said hey hey babe
what you were being a good Samaritan I
was being a good Samaritan I like
stopped at walgreens to grab a few
things and there's this lady that was in
front of me and she had like her little
girl her husband and she was actually
getting baby formula she was like trying
to pay for all of her food but you
didn't have enough money so you know she
was taking things off and I felt so bad
for people it like in front of me but
behind her were getting really upset
frustrated because she was taking too
long so all these people start passing
through and branic I get up there and I
felt so bad for the leaves she's paying
for things with like nickels and dimes
and pennies and taking things off and
really like ripped me apart so I said to
her I'm like doing just please let me
help you with whatever it was and it
wasn't even much it was under ten
dollars that she needed to get the other
things that she wanted I ended up
helping her with that I'm not like
saying that's a brag but what it is is
like an example paying it for ya so
tomorrow because you're watching it or
if you're watching this in the daytime
your job your mission is to pay one
thing forward goes it could be buy
something for somebody just you know
just cuz I didn't think twice about it
and that's the thing my moms like always
told me it's always good to just do good
for others and I guess what i was doing
and I wasn't thinking of like oh I'm
doing this because it's i don't know
like to get praise from people I just
like I genuinely felt this woman and
like I've been there where I couldn't
afford to pay for things and I've been
there when I needed help from other
people and that's all I could bring
through my mind was that
you know just she's got her baby here
and I hope that tomorrow you guys do
something good you know without even
thinking about it just go out and do
something good for someone else or for a
friend or a family member or just do the
right thing even the littlest thing like
holding a door open or you know smiling
giving away anything that could bring
kind of light to someone's day cuz you
never know what kind of day that they're
having and you never know what they're
going through in life of that car moment
in time and I just think it's always
important to just do good and be good I
get I think it's a good way to end this
little things count they really do
little things count and they can really
change someone's entire outlook on that
moment because some people are going
through some of the craziest things in
the world on that note goodnight we're
going to go to fill the John's and go
watch listen bye
