I forgot something before leaving and I
opened the door and Marley's are
standing like this I think she's like
holy shit maybe if I don't move you
won't see me she hasn't moved it's been
like a minute and a half now I was gonna
fly out like super early to get there in
time but then I looked at my schedule
and I don't really have to do anything
until tomorrow so I looked and I have a
direct flight that leaves at like 3:15
so I switch it to that so that way Ali
and I can go get like breakfast / lunch
and just not have to rush a white one
Ali's favorite restaurant Cracker Barrel
you're gonna something oh my God look at
that tire Oh God that's a broken axle
I'll go first
frickin
Oh
but in careful
now where's the see natal you can get to
one by herself
gonna sign a contract Braille too much
yeah probably
and now it begins the 24-hour trip New
York and back
finally made it Coco do not expect that
in the middle freakin summer and this is
not it's almost fall it is fall oh my
god
it's 57 degrees right now was not
whether a guys wanna see something funny
this is why I love my goofball of a
fiance
I got bored on the plane and she sent me
one back but she left the live video on
it
such a goofball so I just learned got my
very first facial go ahead Internet give
me your little punches my first facial
terrible but anyways I did because
getting older obviously things are
changing with the texture of my skin and
Caitlyn my sister you know she saw
respond so she recommended to me that I
go and I get facial done the different
you know products they put on your skin
send a bubble some that you can like
feel deep within your skin it was one of
the coolest things I've had done in a
really long time so with the wedding
coming up I just want to look really
fresh face and I want to make sure that
I'm taking really good care of myself so
that's exactly what I'm doing I gotta
get ready
and so cold success I took one of Ali's
playbooks and got some flannel so when I
get home she can steal it
it's ingredient now
all right food yep this is 100% the
Macy's that we played at someone on 34th
Street are you like my flannel guys look
like it
see I got this because I have about a
million in one goodies and I know if I
got a flannel Ally would take it and
she'd actually utilize it if I don't
actually use it I kind of like it now
well it's fun is short one thing I do
think is interesting about New York City
is that the people hustling to sell
their CDs which i 100% appreciate and
think is awesome but I feel like I tell
them every single time I was looking I
get like download cards because I tell
them I'm like I would buy your CD if you
had a means for me to play it like I
don't even have a CD player I think I
actually convinced the guy was just
talking way to possibly start doing that
for his demo tracks I made a difference
guys I have a live in here in our strike
Garret
Street bombs wonder what that smell
actually smells like I know I literally
just got that saying how freaking
freezing I was
freaking New York City and not get a
shake shake
black-and-white these are the best ones
it's not that
no come on
okay stop
thus our troopers randomly as mickey hey
mickey make me try to get a hug from the
girls over there creepy Mickey boys this
new I don't never being blocked off as
much I always find myself down here even
though I try not to just because it's so
touristy but I think I come down here so
much because it's so cool
those guns though
actually I totally forgot this word that
explosion was a few twas a few weeks a
couple of months ago we're here Times
Square I might explain why there's so
many gars so many construction guys are
out here
kangana's surprising I've never so
crappy bike along every day
hey Hulk oh I have no cash Hulk
let's hear a free Hulk will get dumb
folks always out here trying to get some
cash
all right I think it's time to walk all
the way back to work out that Burger
this is Amber she's a fan of we the
Kings and this is Megan Megan and amber
most random thing in the world I know
okay I'm gonna ask you guys
hey you're cold right so I haven't good
frickin jacket when I was yesterday what
screaming oh it was raining earlier
absolutely think I can Alan oh okay by
working quite sure that I would that
work as well guys ghosts random thing
ever in Time Square that I've ever had
happen to these are really nice
guys its McDonald's the musical give it
time I bet you will happen Oh
going on over there
Wow I look insane I seriously I look
insane uh lack to gauche New York he's
going to be filming tomorrow something
based on what we will be going to
Washington DC for so he left today and
then I I've been just kind of like
working on wedding stuff working on
stuff in regards to merch for CTFxC and
then working on another thing as well
along with Willona work and it's kind of
been not really a boring day but just
kind of one of those days where you
don't really move much I've been I've
been in this spot for a very long time
I don't know I went onto YouTube to make
sure like the videos you know uploaded
and you know keeping an eye on different
things and obviously I don't like to go
on youtube and watch other people's
videos so that's the no straight
well anyways you know when you get onto
the main page or your home page and they
do like suggestions for you to watch and
what popped up was the vlog where
Charles had me play Slenderman
oh my god I didn't realize how loud I
could scream
I left my ass off because I didn't think
I'm so funny and it's really sad but I
really do I laugh with myself regardless
and what I'm doing kind of makes me want
to play it again just because it's
Halloween and I love all that crazy
scary stuff which by the way I want you
guys is opinion there are really cool
haunted houses in Florida that are not
like Halloween Horror Nights or hallow
scream anything like that where it's an
actual haunted house or like a haunted
um like hayride things like that which I
think it's a little bit more childish
but I want to do these haunted houses so
bad and I'm trying to convince Charles
to go into it but he's kind of
apprehensive because he doesn't like all
that scary stuff which is weird but I
love it
and I'm trying to convince them to go so
do you guys think that we should reverse
do you think we should skip it out
because I know other states have it but
some like I've heard like mixed reviews
where some haunted houses are really fun
some really stupid but if we had the
opportunity to go to a few here do you
think that we should I say yes so I gave
one vote if you think I wish to do it
tell me down below so address I have
it's not the address first my flight
gets delayed now I have no idea where
I'm sleeping tonight it's been a weird
day weird weird day I think I'm going
the right direction I'm not really sure
I walked in there and the guys in there
thought I was in Haiti okay so this is
either a library or a hotel I'm really
hoping it's the freaking hotel it was a
hotel but now my hotel this is becoming
fun like a scavenger hunt
dori guys found it just in time I
started pouring outside to check out
this freaking room right at the light on
a little mini bar lights on got these
little scuba lights on this is so so New
York it's a beautiful view though look
at that gonna see the Empire State
Building I got here earlier I could have
done an awesome time-lapse had to show
Ally the amazing view and this really
hipster freakin hotel I got the waiter
when I got in here this was actually
blaring
those are the raid going on the show an
alley that's why the best hotel view
I've ever had my entire life yeah it's
really amazing isn't how's your view
from the bathtub all right after y'all
antenna light background now there's so
many buttons all about where that means
made no made I haven't tried the red yet
or there's a giant bulb there's a huge
bowl it's alright it's very New York
it's comfortable
and I told you about the the Statue of
Liberty's out there right no no the
Statue of Liberty girls okay it's funny
I thought his body I'll see you in 24
hours honey I love you too alright
internet and I will see you guys and
less than that I will see you guys
tomorrow we're starting the shoot I was
like an early early shoot and I get to
show you guys what we're doing so I will
see you guys tomorrow don't forget to
subscribe and have a great night I guess
