it's a beautiful mornin you fold a debit
oh honey you are such a pretty boy it's
a scratches and sucks like it hurts to
do you say that well I mean I think
you're trying to hit a pitch that
probably doesn't think at least for you
it doesn't exist like it doesn't like I
have to say well I said I'm doing
anything it's gotta say hello I I can
have it like
unwritten law anywhere unwritten law
songs I can actually sing really well
because you sing solo so you look so
your hair looks so pretty today I'm
surprised it's not a very high but you
know what I'm today today we're gonna go
check out another ceremonial it's so
long babe let's give up there look at
you it's finally after work doing all
that today we're going to go check out
another ceremonial potential place
ceremonial ceremonial this is where
we're going to our ceremonial sacrifices
Oh F that includes tacos I'm down
sacrifice
alright so this is one of the areas it
awesome chandelier right there hip this
cool room over here I'm just digging the
floor right now so there's another
option may be doing outside and having
kind of like layers like almost like a
concert so you have people on the
balcony and people up here and people
down here it's really cool it's actually
the most unique way of laying out a
wedding ceremony that I've actually ever
seen might be actually the coolest one
balcony area I was talking about then
would go down here and maybe we'd go
over here so that would be like three
tiers of like levels be kind of like a
concert actually kind of a cool idea
only thing I'm worried about being
outside is that being saintly you hear
all the sirens in the construction that
could poses a problem down the road so
I'm in a bank vault it's actually really
cool
ha don't worry I'll get into dang
chandelier Duvall perfecta sorry now
he's actually sending Zach who is like
there oh they know Callie Callahan the
one that goes like this all the time
yeah he is actually going to be playing
bass for and replace of Charles for one
of the shows because he's gonna be gone
I'm flying for New York tomorrow yeah so
we have a show on friday which is when I
need to be filming something that PSA
that was talking to you as well he's
never cover for me any other way Jeremy
any other early center of mind today is
sending I'm like all the notes and
everything so that he can practice but
it's cool option but we're getting
everything done for the wedding I'm
actually very excited because a big
thing that we wanted was to get all this
done before he heads out for tour next
year just kind of take a let's Joseph
that's cuz right now we're kinda
stressed we have a wedding planner and
she always feels like how funny I am cuz
I get so excited about everything like
I'm excited about this and I'm excited
about that and Charles is like okay yeah
that's okay but if it rains there's
humidity we are really well I would
worry about the wind well but wait the
noise did you hear the noise it was
still funny cuz that last place was
beautiful but we're upstairs and then
we're all like talking or like i wonder
if there's do me some sort of noise and
just adds like five seconds after here
whoop i will refocus I've just been
laughing at the fact that there's a
giant so I think that makes it funny it
does make it funny I think it's humorous
because it's just a bland and it happens
and I guess that's why I like it when I
knock down the candle and Danny and Trez
wedding yes he like kicked it like
catapulted like punted bro I kicked
those candles and the wax got
and then I didn't do that one nobody cuz
i'm a guy to that one I didn't do that
one they could seem like I didn't we're
gonna get a popsicle and then I gotta go
really head out and we gotta get to vlog
up like crap game gets vlog up pink
grapefruit you got that one before don't
I get a flamingo the red feel like you
need one all rights go get this vlog up
where's the car where's the car prolly
I'll office I got pink grapefruit it's
really good so tart what'd you get a
plum one but this has something else in
its like I don't especially the n sub 0
the i thought was in when i was actually
in again like mac almost a macaroon plum
look I'm not no it's not macaroon on
doula month is it a great night aplomb
do you guys know what it is somebody out
there smarter than we are right now I
know
don't Ali bites obstacles I don't get it
seriously it's a freaking with my
brother God oh I'm when people do that
you throw your popsicle Adam there for
the window down hunters with the camera
in their face I hate when people do that
so much we're like it's a red light and
people want you to blow through the red
light good funny is they won't involve
niche me they know they saw no now
they're gonna take the other turn yeah
you you build that way you scared of it
no my face my surname would take like
those you know those cheap pops Coulson
they had like that were in the plastic
yeah the goop the syrup from whatever
there anything we would always do that
I'm like trying to make her lips a
different color dyes like that nom nom
no no no we got buddy I let Zoey and
diesel out for like to go bathroom and
all of a sudden I hear just playing and
like bumping on the door I guess it was
because I was trying to move this stick
from back here and I kept hitting the
door I think this is a stick that I
brought back from the park and usually
like it I'm not supposed to eat it we're
still trying to figure out everything
and right now we are going to go do the
fun part which is the wedding registry
we were thinking about maybe doing like
an Amazon one and then maybe go to like
bed bath beyond or something like that
that way people like you know people
like us to live on the Internet can just
do it on the Internet but then there's
old school people like parents and like
relatives who like to go and get
physical things truthfully eyes were so
I talked so fast I know what's the big
thing with the wedding or just rigas
like when Charles and I'm we've done
together we had nothing we had nothing
like like a few forks to knives few
drink cups but nothing like really
worked is never
cohesive and so we asked couple like
going into this immunity we do we kind
of want to like get up just a little bit
of new stuff as basically smaller spoons
have fallen into the garbage disposal
solar so when you try to like use a
spoon it cuts your side of your mouth
cuz they're all jacked up and plus I
honestly just want to take the little
gun and just go virtual trials will be
like a game of laser tag it's kind of is
I want to kind of like like sneak some
things in there cuz you guys remember
when snake I showed you guys when snakes
wedding it put a scooter in his Amazon
wish list or registry asked him about it
he's like I just wanted to sneak it in
cville aina actually saw it I kind of
want to do that but we're not gonna tell
her this lady is using Ali as a model
for her daughter's wedding I guess using
her head
Ali just got a job no she was trying to
find yourself something she was trying
to get my hope and I was like night I
like those ozik but like tell you some
other funky stuff in so short
crazy I didn't think there would be so
many different versions of silverware
just silverware okay we should find the
one that has sporkin at how awesome
would it be to have sports which one you
want to get you want shiny or getting
Matt me it's just yeah let's get food in
our mouths does not cut our face all
right time for the first thing on the
registry where do you like them I don't
know now you just this prunes are weird
to me you're so sure and now you just
changed it up it's like I think that's
just making my eyes go weird I like the
simple one that you live ok go for that
one let's just go for that one dude the
issue right now with all this stuff is
so fancy I am le and I'm not break stuff
it's true lenox my grandmas are like
yeah what'd you get I always thought I
was effective Lexie when dropping things
for the other day you can I love my dog
mug no that was a mistake because i
haven't sitting on that edge like the
dishwasher that's stupid that's so we
can agree to disagree that we both break
things I pokemon you for the next seven
thousand what kind of plates you want to
get I dare you to do it of course you
would be careful that gun there been
wielding it like a crazy person now okay
we gotta focus me we need spice rack
that's one everything you Panther they
plug pans would be good the house look
up and that we good knives knives works
yeah they are pull that big one out and
listen to noise that just sounds creepy
i think this one might be i think just
do this one that was a good one yeah
that's it ready yep where is it you
gotta feel good around and it's also
right here it's planks we're like we
don't even know what you want we need
some pots and pans but member are you so
there were certain pots and pans that we
should get better these are nice when
they're stainless steel oh they are
you're all stainless steel how BIG's
Marley what's this one what's the thing
just tools of the trade this is kind of
cool you know I said sure is known I'm
not gonna cook Marley doing it wrong are
you doing around the explain soon can I
help you I'll shoot why don't you just
do you just added that dunya you please
he's taken over my job I think he thinks
that's the video game you think that's
the video game it's kind of like waiting
complete cups are you enjoying yourself
yeah you're like a little kid in a candy
store look how excited you get about
this stuff what are you getting I'm
afraid I can't believe that gave that
tempest now I know that he's off doesn't
the scanning everything um let's look
cubic so I want to do bed stuff it's
actually a lot of fun but it's kind of
like nerve-racking because we're trying
to think of things that we need not just
things that are like oh that's rad I
feel guilty like i don't like what i do
everything else you so i hope we don't
have many items so probably like four
items on our list right now because a
billion dollars maybe more you're
priceless honey oh that was good huh huh
she house fire you can do it
you're working seriously you're
priceless member that me
they give us a bag we got a little gift
looks like Hamilton on it start Hamilton
the gift who's that have a nice little
chunk right there packing right now so I
can head over to New York tomorrow what
do I want to pack wish I bet guys black
black or black maybe a great i was great
wasn't it this was gray I'm color blind
anyway I will see you guys tomorrow as
always thank you guys so much for
watching and don't forget to subscribe
to guys are brandeal goodnight guys
