today I have to take this phone back
because obviously i don't need it most
of got her phone fixed and then the
second thing is i don't know if i told
you guys this alley and i were actually
going to the White House early October
I'm not really sure the exact dates so i
need to get something says casual but
maybe something like a button up or so i
was going to go in a suit but i was
reading the email an invitation it says
not to wear anything like that it's just
to wear like a casual thing since this
will be outside this will be a lot of
movement and it says to be comfortable
maybe well not the mall will try to take
care of that then i gotta get haircut
cuz i can't go to the white house
looking like this they might kick me out
i have to disappear for a hot second
because i have a meeting today to get
some things figured out three decaying
right now with my friend shelly and
shelly is a graphic designer she is
actually helping us come up with kind of
the idea that we have behind our save
the dates and our actual invitations for
the entire wedding and charles and i are
trying to do something a little bit
different where were being a little bit
more environmentally conscious um it's
actually kind of it i think it fits us
very well too especially Charles but in
regard to our save the dates were going
to be sending them via
email rather than actually sending up
paper to the people that were inviting
this is something that a few of our
friends have done actually we had spoken
to Travis and Jenny about it and they
did it with both of theirs I don't know
I just seemed so much more organized and
I think that it's just going to be the
perfect thing for us especially since we
have so little time to plan everything
we kind of need to get things done right
away get them out and on to the next
thing so that's exactly what we're doing
so it looks like everything came in
today to
connecting links to the Kings minus the
fact that the pants don't fit on matters
it's a racket bigger say that all the
fifth frickin pins and needles talk
marks all of my pants pretty stoked
though it's gonna look really pretty
cool another guy so this is where I need
you guys to come in handy because Ali
it's currently doing some dress stuff
this is the first one I kind of want to
do a short sleeve I know that's kind of
like that moron I like s'mores
that's typically where but up any more
like a longer the hose on my chest so
there's my shirt got all over my chest I
were saying like they with a button up
usually wear a longer sleeve shirts
really outside I rely do that and from
the invitation says not really I'll
dress up too much so this is one don't
you sent this a leak in your opinion and
leave us very responsible to return that
photo well holy she likes it access the
adoption what do you think the straight
up color or the stripey color and then
we have this color which is sweet but I
only want to wear it I don't want
sure outside all day this sounds
newsroom very good time before the guy
did a great job in my head yeah actually
did a great job but he just like styled
it so I can't really fix her name is so
much fun like look at this product look
at me I gotta I gotta see him what do
you do what are you doing that is
freaking a lot of daughter do we need
Ronnie yeah that's another product he
did it great he did a great job not he
did a great test why I never styled my
hair because I don't a know-how and be
like this all the time we go do
something with your hair like I do this
you see him look like a doctor that's it
that really touching it no I and I just
feel like you can't be with it do you
need to put the same and now you guys
don't see now you can see all the tall
this turn sideways my hair can stick out
now oh it does Sonny do you look very
handsome it's just I think you styled it
a little crazy but boy you looking flat
you lookin so flat guys visiting my mom
while Charles is getting a circuit and
this is what happens when you're not
around yeah well it's just wait styled
it it's very very I think he did exactly
what a bad it's just it's it's there so
much product in it like I mean if I
could do that and it stays you got a lot
of products in their hair it doesn't
like that though he look really handsome
I think you just need to put a hat on
thanks i went to my mom's house cuz i
had to drop off something i actually
took a lo lot of her dogs to furnace so
i had to drop that off anyways Max's
obviously there and he gets so
frustrated like if you like if you're
petting him and he's like mulling you
cuz he loves to lick if you like Twitter
hand like comes they see gets so excited
and all you wants to do is just like
likkle OVO so i'm literally a more doggy
slobber on me than I think I've ever had
in my life Max's
got like Cody or Tyson was exactly oh my
god his mouth is totally like tysons
yeah what I sanad a freaking Gator man
oh you're still handsome are you my sexy
face employ your pharmacy baited you got
a part inside how to pick up girls is
that how you won me over dear God let's
hope not okay okay I'm gonna go over
here get those for the centerpieces for
the wedding thing if you guys don't come
then what'll happen to you then everyone
can sit on bales of hay we have to go
get a pumpkin by the way okay dry
pumpkins ambassadors colors we can't get
a pumpkin now it's not even October wait
you gotta do it like just put on my hand
I told you I wanted to get something
very natural and organic a little planet
Earth yeah like you'd stick those little
things the planets yeah and then you
would stick out a little I used to
always want to room I like you can even
if I'm sorry
because energy of those sticks and then
they would rotate things like your fan I
remember those but hey just get like
sticks like skewers then you can just
make earth can you whistle those things
mm-hmm where you doing right through
here right there I remember learning
that once in the Bahamas I have a good
idea I'm morning i miss you because that
i know i'm laughing if I funny where we
just talk about like pumpkin it's like
it's already doing Christmas stuff so I
guess a pumpkin right now isn't that
rageous yeah i think the suit is more of
that color right there well you don't
need to match the suit I would have to
match the suit it doesn't have to do
everything revolving around me instead
of the bride it's all about me guys
Ali's doing a little projects so when
she goes to the forest tomorrow she has
the kind of an idea and I ways you're
not like starting from scratch wishes
day so she went to where the hell does
the craft store is kind of what I want
to do for our wedding in regards to like
the floral idea I'm trying to do
decorations right now and this is fake
obviously business do that but I'm not
trying me some time
well I have the screw
that's all she wants to say I thought I
was losing my mind but doesn't that look
like a cupcake rate in the dead center
Marley you're gonna look like freaking
what's that movie called with me like yo
kovitch your development okay might be
too big hey you still fly Marley this is
a new perm I like this color will they
call sherbert it's Carrot Top my phone
oh please take this off give me my kitty
cat please have my cat back so fight the
little things in life that amuse us but
still best for dog is so funny hey
what's up hi yo e would you do it call
the police so you know who you're
reminding me of like the crazy third
grade teacher it always had the lipstick
on her teeth Joe is that her hair looks
nice but it was always really windblown
that's what you look like
I love that with everything that we do
now Charles has some type of theme song
for the dogs oh she's so good you did a
good girls though in a couple days I
have to go to New York City Tom filming
for this cool promotions like a anti PSA
kind of thing and I completely forgot i
have nothing for travel so i figger get
some toothpaste toothbrushes I want to
try to go without checking a bag because
i hate checking bags when I lose it and
then for being there for like a day or
two then what i do to go shopping we
have the reason why I'm one in New York
is for a really cool reason a very very
very awesome reason and i will tell you
guys as soon as we get more information
i can tell you without like blowing it
and I generally do that a lot I'm going
to ask you guys an age-old question
slurpees or Isis which are better sku
what do you like better Alex slippery's
RIT or the occasional slush puppy I'm
gonna go on Team I see these are just
like familes tastes like it Aryan
clubbing fluffier like there's less
chunks of ice I can't figure out like
that's like a perfect way to like figure
some down and drink somebody stuffed I
can't wait what's that tape I can't
really figure out the taste I'm just
kidding too though I mean I feels like
there's just socials ice maybe stars the
ISIS honest thank you sighs a chunkier
Vic I don't know internet I see slurpees
or slush puppy / puppies are just super
sour they're like this chunks of ice
they are the three best friends that
anybody could have the three best
friends that anybody could have so
here's my geared sermon project let's
hope it turns out okay this is gonna be
my first time doing this I don't really
know if it's gonna be exactly as I
imagined it but you know what i want to
try this i want to try and do something
different for the wedding super i can
make i'm not even that say this is gonna
go with the wedding but i just wanted to
try it out
I'm not finished but I'm actually pretty
excited about the way this turned out
thar do you like it ok so here it is I'm
not finished this is just the start but
I'm actually I think it looks really
cool hey there we go so cool huh I love
it so these are like our colors this is
like a deep deep blue and then we got
this beautiful wine color and greens
gotta love Pinterest you're not really
excited about I really like the way to
turned out it was kind of expensive
makes I didn't really know exactly what
I was doing I think having real flowers
would have been more expensive but I
know love you look like oh my god Ali
fake flowers why are you these fake
flowers I didn't even know when we use
this for the wedding app but i really
like it was turned out and I love being
creative so I'm pretty excited about
this right now you wish yeah there it is
it's because they goofed up yeah Gabe
Alyssa 16-gigabyte phone from a 64 they
rectified it by giving a 128 gigabyte
and Ali's over there with her awesome
dream catcher hey I think it's I think
it came out really awesome babe where
can i buy 10 communal good oh now you're
gonna have a lot of people God thank you
okay frightened she really want yeah
yeah you want to go deep do you want to
go to the Poconos who else wants to go
to the Poconos do you want to go to the
Poconos poke so it looks very offended
right now I do your best booty pop
really are they decided to dress up as a
favorite singer
you
