hey guys good morning yep
if you're watching this yesterday you
saw chaos that ensued and you could see
the result everything's good everyone's
safe
yes Diesel's grumpy everybody's good
everybody's okay we can't wait to show
you guys like the property that were on
where the house looks like our family
snow trip which there is snow by the
little bit but we're gonna show you the
house tour however we have to go and get
a few things done before we do that you
guys want to see how cool this place is
first off that's a little bit of snow we
have second off that's the place it's
just basically a giant tube like a
cylindrical tube it's actually really
cool so leave the community to find the
place that is most occluding ever the
only place that they have anything is a
Dollar General and that was like 15
minutes away this is a venture this
whole thing is just gonna be an
adventure now that we can actually see
things in the day
it's not as pence that's like the same
thing oh yeah there's a few of those
around here but it's just like when we
went through the was it called the
Avenue of the Giants with the redwoods
got there in the evening and everything
was super creepy without big folks can
come out and that's where he's from by
the way didn't know if you didn't know
that but then during the daytime it was
the most beautiful place ever
hey you know Jim my knee so before the
sunset we thought maybe we just walk
them around we found a random a little
forest for some reason Zoey is the
biggest idiot right now in the cold
weather she's like super excited on
everything and Marley with her freaking
North Face sitting over here
diesel got like a little North Face
jacket too Zoey doesn't need it
shouldn't really care shouldn't like
wearing this stuff Zoey can't see what I
mean you're being so silly don't fall
don't fall sled dogs over here you know
it's kind of funny is I kind of feel
like this is the right amount of snow or
it's kind of pretty but there's actually
not like a lot to go wet how are you
getting so dirty oh boy guys well it's
like what is it ten degrees now all
right guys let's do this
everything's so frozen considering that
there's no snow anywhere 500 feet we're
almost there come on Dee let's go over
here the winner Zoey just works she
operates the way better than in summer
in the heat she just like becomes this
young puppy but in the heat she's like
screw this I don't think it actually
recorded I was going down and just bunch
of ice and I just I just follow my butt
it's really hard and the worst part is
the camera shut off over here though
that's got to be super careful right now
it's like that black ice stuff like
right there nope we're not gonna walk
there sorry keep over here Steve oh
shoot
be very careful the thing hold the thing
be very careful
Wow that's gorgeous
I should be filming my dog take a dump
when it's it's the funniest thing
alright now I gotta clean it up
great a popsicles alright you guys ready
to go back we just met a lovely couple
believe it or not from Orlando and they
got stuck in the blizzard and it was
like a nine-hour drive turned into a 17
hour drive oh I don't remember
everything everywhere is where I kept I
slipped
I slipped like three times out okay well
that was cold
Marley mediately goes by the fire you
want to be a sheep Zowie Jeff find get
fun over there make some pizza zapping
everyone babe useful electricity because
just to kind of see the outside yeah I'm
gonna watch my head I write in my head
like three times here I wanted to show
you guys the inside a little bit so as
you saw the house is completely circular
so it looks like a giant silo there's
one of the rooms just curves around like
I was saying bathroom it's kind of crazy
I can just walk around in circles like
that and we're covering around again so
that's upstairs and then if we go
downstairs
we got the whole rounded staircase the
only thing is that it is pretty steep
I'm gonna come down here and we got the
living quarters alright so and the
favorite place of the dogs now that we
have it all taken care of
Diesel's favorite place another bathroom
the kitchen I was telling you guys I
didn't really want to tell you much
about it it's wanted to show you it's
just very unique how everything's just a
circle yeah oh yeah that's where we're
in a circular house hate everyone our
only problem the stairwell
yeah you hit your head
so that we put that a few times
yeah luckily I have a hard head yes yes
we're just gonna kind of really explain
what happened last night because when he
get leo because what by the time we got
everything done it was like five maybe
six in the morning but it was literally
got into the house around 5:30 and
here's the thing like we understand now
a lot of people explain furnaces go like
all winter but the thing is we're from
Florida we don't know that I didn't know
that I didn't know that either if I'd
known that I probably weren't a
breakdown today I've been like darn it
we're sleeping in a part of me you know
it's like unfamiliar is scary and that's
I think what was happening is that okay
so here was a situation a we were locked
out and the dogs were in there be there
was a fire going on and these floor
heaters which I yeah so we have all
those things and then our cell phones
our computer everything everything was
in here and there's like one car that we
saw every like hour maybe pretty much no
place to stay because this is where
we're gonna stay the thing is too is
like if we just showed up
put the stuff and put the dogs and got
the house warm and then started bringing
stuff on the car and it was like our
last load we don't want to in was locked
the thing is is it's just very scary
when you get locked out of your house
when it comes to like for me it's like
scary when there's a fire or something
that Brian could somehow turn for the
worse what if Marley sat up by the fire
and she has that furry coat on and I got
Colin fire this thing is open it's an
open fire doesn't have a gate I think
that it's just they were so cold that
that was a bit too close it's just it
was a really really scary moment I was
definitely the more frantic when Charles
was scared but I was definitely more
crazy because my mind automatically goes
to the worst I like to say that it's
like a woman's like mom mode like mom is
there yeah I mono garbologist
you do tend to think the worst and it
was a very scary situation I saw through
the window I could see Zoe and diesel
and they looked scared but like Marley
was freaking out and not like she's
going from window to window
Herr Marley I'm excited to see you more
like I could tell there was something
wrong huge she would run it and jump up
at them window run jump up with the one
who runs up with the door and it scared
me so bad I know we didn't fully explain
that last night to be completely way too
tired explained everything about 7:30
this morning after you know editing and
getting everything done right everything
to get into this house it's funny though
thinking back it does feel it's funny I
don't want to say it's funny but it does
kind of feel like it's a story I don't
think it's funny no I mean it will be in
a couple prior weeks or something like
that it's just the fact that it was like
it was like kind of one after another it
was like no cell phones locked out of
the place nobody's around no reception
no computer don't know my password
Airbnb don't know the lady's phone
number don't have a phone it's five
degrees outside and then there's five
degrees and we're supposed to be in here
for the night because this is where
we're staying and this is where we're
gonna stay warm I just I was really
scared we realized that like when we
filmed it yesterday
we filmed after all the frankness the
two and a half hours of like driving up
and down this road it's pitch black
calling the cops calling yeah it was the
other thing we call the cops we call
like five blocks man five locksmiths we
call triple-a and we had a wave Jon this
person who is so nice and helped us out
but you know we realized that after all
the franticness that we just said hey
guess what we had to break the window
even though we exhaust all of our
options but we tried you know taking the
window off yeah and the lady who has
this place lives like 4 to 6 hours away
so she was just like you know what I'm
just gonna give you permission just
break the window just try to do it as
clean as possible and we had one of
those glass break things that you have
for the car so we're able to do it and
make this nice little small like ish
kind of hole versus like taking out the
whole window which I think she was like
really I mean either way that we're
gonna have to pay for that window but at
the end of the day it doesn't matter but
that's kind of like what happened this
is more of just kind of an in depth kind
of explained because last night we were
so tired I just I just wanted to turn
the camera off and go to bed
what happened
good everything save this place is
awesome I'm happy we got in has
definitely been an adventure so far but
today we've been trying to get that all
fixed up you know talking to the ladies
and you know telling her out we're gonna
like take care of it for everything
bearing out like all those things so it
was an interesting start to baking yeah
so this is like that's what I mean yeah
so exactly he gets way too close to the
fire
like he just they don't really get it I
guess we're gonna go watch some movies
Ali's never seen me credible and I went
to bed at about 7:30 8:00 this morning I
can watch that really tired don't forget
to subscribe we're gonna try to go do
some things around the area now that we
have everything situated today so we'll
see you guys tomorrow inside the house
yeah fine oh that was the other thing I
understand a lot of people are like
we're saying like five degrees was it
cold come to so and so it's some of you
guys are living in some frigid places I
saw something yeah so at least a
negative 15 degrees okay that is insane
my brother Floridians can't handle what
like 60 degrees I rather said that in
st. Louis all day like a week ago it was
11 it was 11 degrees and then with the
windchill and night and it felt like
negative 14 or something else
Oh ridiculous anyway guys we'll see you
tomorrow have a good night bye bye
sorry we're crazy you know it's always
an adventure with us yeah exactly
