I said I just don't want to do anything
today hey guys today we are looking for
we are looking for
yeah we were discussing today we're
trying to find a series of ceremony
ceremony we're trying to find a ceremony
we got a reception space and
unfortunately the reception space
doesn't have like an area to where we
can actually get married so we have to
find somewhere near the area that we can
find and actually like that's you know
close so we're checking out a couple
places today I don't know look at a few
oh yeah actually I'm like three weeks
what this confused me wait no we didn't
this is one of the ones I just realized
we're wearing the same hat
she stole my style I don't know I'm
sorry
now we're twins things got weird really
fast you do with the cactus right there
I don't know if this would be big enough
well you could do it here no where would
you walk where would you walk out of the
bush come out from the bushes oh there's
the Thunder so you're gonna do a
diagonally the big giant cactus that's
kind of cool I mean what I'm saying is
like like look at look at my face by
going here look at my face the phone
right here there's shadows it smells
like why does it smell like poo smells
like pee
that's what I said then that's what I
was worried about shading really
or there's the cactus back there you
know she makes fun of me because I
always think of something I was like
what with my personality I'm always like
50 steps ahead that was the first thing
I warned her when we first started
dating
that my personality is that I'm always
50 steps ahead and sometimes it gets
annoying even for me
okay okay really options on the slot I
can see it okay so I think is it smells
like blue confused thoroughly confused
this is the other one you know the
lights and things like that it was a
gorgeous yeah I don't know if we could
fit everyone here is there only to know
more we had 16 I know okay
sixteen looks really huge in the map I
can see this being look it's got him
they got lanterns so I mean the little
lanterns like painting lights
why don't we just get married on top of
the tree maybe put a little tree house
that's what I'm worried about is that
rain right there in March do you think
we'll be fine yeah I honestly think this
is the best one I like the brick I don't
think we'd go up there though although
we could have a runway like a little
ramp that walks us up here versus like
you want a dress and going other birds
talking birds will be talking to us the
whole time
hello I honestly like this one the best
truthfully this is my favorite one I
just like the brick and the trees got
the canopy so it makes it more of like
an enclosed area so it's like a building
versus like just a giant field kind of
depends on if you want a giant field if
we want like an enclosed feeling that
intimate feeling see if we didn't want
to use this we can just do this and Ali
can come out of the trees or through the
pathway so you knowing her alley that's
what she would freaking do to you would
do that it's coming through all the
bushes hey guys just here to get married
no big deal
huh I know you don't want to talk dude
I'm talking you wake up anyone over here
want to talk are you guys are we're
talking and it'll cause apparently
beaker you like to dance hey yeah
this bird likes to dance it's got some
music on there for you button
what do you want listen to guys get a
room I can't whistle at all alla can you
whistle no one okay that's what's going
on oh the kissing and making out they
need some more shrimp for so white hey
Cory fish those are some big-ass koi
fish you're acting all coy get it cuz it
quite fish I'm getting you get it get it
give me some music anything and turn it
all right now lift those feet now lift
those feet now lift those people shake
that booty come on girls get it together
you're just so cute I think he's eating
like you know picking up soft but no
he's dancing he's totally dancing for
the camera Oh who's there that so we
should pop up maybe he'll listen Oh Flo
Rida
doing it well that's our cue do that a
bird that was so closed burst and ER
shelter
remember that loud thunder and lightning
it's gone that's gone all gone now
well it's kind of trailing us right now
actually I should say at least think we
should is like rent off like an entire
block of st. Petersburg it would be
pretty freakin cool though this time
we'll go around Times Square
you know that to rent like a block than
a neighborhood like we've sidewalk
parties when I lived when I was really
young that's a different area than where
we live down
what's at 50 bucks that's it walk yeah
let's freakin do it that's all that cost
they finally just stopped raining and I
need these mayor drooling all over your
face
I love when it just stops raining
because it's actually the coldest it can
possibly be in Florida for just that I
think maybe five ten minutes
Ronnie gets to down hey I'll put you to
seat belt
thank you thank you thank you can you
sit
can you 6 I want everyone to see how
good you can be oh there's my open
there's my hey old man hey get out of
here alright sounds good man yeah tell
everything we said hi and tell Kinsley D
more blueberries or - ooh I should say
ICG
talking about the tour we got a tour
coming up I can't tell you an
interesting one ten years it's kind of
funny how like we the kings is coral it
correlates the correlates is like my 10
years so I'm on YouTube 11 years almost
the same silly look that you have a sad
song
look at the camera
hazel who is that though my body it's
it's my body it's like I mentioned you
have no gym it was fitting me now you're
making it not fit Marley I just don't
want to do anything today so right now
what we're doing is all of that like
tedious work for you have to do and
we're going to a wedding when sending
out like invites and say the dates I
realize that I don't have like any of my
friends addresses I don't have any other
addresses I don't have really any other
emails cuz most of the time we only
communicate via phone so I don't really
have to worry about that so it has been
a very tedious task for us today
today's been really a good day of
focusing on the wedding October 1st the
new t-shirts are coming out and I'm just
sending this over to dftba right now and
getting all the design situated if you
guys didn't know october 1st we're gonna
have hold on let me show it to you
we're gonna have two new t-shirts sent
out so these are the two shirt designs
October 1st they're going to be coming
out a white and a black t-shirt so I'm
just getting that over to dftba so I
didn't get there let's see those again
please see ya Oh shenanigan that's was a
transparent PNG that's a simple black
and white looks really rad I think it's
good the other one very cool it's room
we were riding bikes in Washington super
cool an entire car I looked at the photo
they help us with this disguise we're
gonna start the the sale of the shirt so
we have a net shirt to the very freaking
long time and we wanted to come out with
something a little bit different I
actually got some of the dog medicine on
her foot come on guys get it off her
feet but they're so skittish they won't
do it
liquor feet liquor feet
okay there it is no you didn't get it
right there like eat your medicine it's
very expensive it's very expensive girls
No
