so vlog from yesterday took a little bit
longer than normal to get done in to put
out Charles kind of kicked ass on this
Locke he really took control of it and
wanted to do some cool little you know
unique clips and it's a little bit
longer to but Halloween Horror Nights I
believe 26 I think that's what it is
it's a 26 year of doing this so freakin
scary this is right as scary as here had
ever gone I loved every single one of
the houses the scare zones were so good
it was honestly was such a blast right
now what I'm going to do is I'm gonna
stop by my sister's house for like 20
minutes
Marie Claire over there and they're kind
of trying to get the bachelorette party
all set up and ready to go because we're
gonna be doing nether next couple of
months so they wanted to ask me if you
crushing something to get over there and
who knows most I got her phone screw you
guys think I'm bad what Alyssa did that
was also six months ago okay this is
what's really bad right now this was six
months ago and she was having issues
with the the data not being enough for
her phone cuz we bought her a 64
gigabyte was like two years ago
a year and a half ago the six 6 plus or
something like that
her phone broke they gave her from a 64
to a 16 gigabyte and now we're just
figuring this out because I had time to
figure it out I didn't go with her at
the time and I thought she was insane be
completely honest
so that's messed up so we're gonna go
crack some skulls right now figuratively
not literally
that'd be disgusting
I wanted to take the person mo reaches
head when you get a get huh
were you gonna get this is what Ali
doesn't me what are you gonna get what
are you gonna get turn red and then your
eyes start to like get bloodshot and
then you're like he's gonna look like
this emoji right here I mean your eyes
across to the girls are watching the
Halloween Horror Nights at a stoplight
right now if you guys didn't see
yesterday's video highly recommend it it
is freaking hilarious just if you have
headphones turn it down a little bit I
put a warning but I promise you will
laugh your ass off I feel like we should
call like the funniest walkthrough of a
haunted house it's pretty much out there
we treat that last between it so you
know I want a goblet for your candles
red this one honey
and the wrong verb right now guys saving
date today we've been trying to fix his
phone and because things are just not
going his way so it's a little bit
grumpy look at that smile on his face
and you tell me I actually would totally
find out where that I just want to be
honest - do you want some panties Oh
seriously are in a twist so what's gonna
happen I think Melissa's gonna get the
phone pics probably we're gonna figure
it all out
you're such a page Brazilians are so
frightened from last night if you can't
tell result like that frightened oh my
god I can't believe we almost got the
shit scared out of his last name face it
was that's your phone Alyssa
these phones on a surgery bed right now
right there
this is the whole situation we just had
it and we went to a place to get the
screen repaired I kind of want to do
ourselves but I just I wanted to get it
done just so Melissa can back up all her
stuff and because I was guessing
everything I disabled her phone for it
was like at 40 minutes and now down
three so hopefully this is going to work
I just I'm the type of person that I
have to get when I start a project I
have to complete it otherwise it fries
me freaking and completely crazy how
they know she always makes fun of me
though like when I start a project I
can't stop at the same time it's a
cupcake you can walk down the aisle on
that hon I guess it rained we're trying
to figure this out nobody else has by
the way we figured it out Melissa's got
her phone back that all 12,000 her
photos and she has a new one being sent
to her Tuesday so she'll have everything
taken care of
today has been a good day I feel like I
should be like an electronics lawyer you
know I need a lawyer I will fight for
your electronics you should you already
made me cry to you about it
she's only crying because she has all
those photos of Ty and all that she
didn't know if she wanted to get their
phones expressly yeah photos are
priceless so we just got to do that
especially good 12th out of 12,000
photos and want those back looking at
him baby ty you can't lose those photos
at one point at one point you did unlike
you blondie you know what I'm liking
outside okay oh my god when I start
you started it look at how judgy he was
that's one like 2012 I told you I had I
have photos the first photo was 2011
don't care lose those photos I know God
we did it
I'm glad the evening realized that it
wasn't going crazy it wasn't me yet for
the longest time I thought she was just
not knowing how to work her phone this
has been a weird situation but I'm glad
we talked to some awesome people and you
know we figured it out
persistence is key oh I think it's close
you just take them all
they're fun
it's dark guys this is what happens
towards the end of the week
make a cut off Guinea mines are lost
do you consider Sunday the beginning of
the end I can forgive you okay
end of the week look so I look like I'm
ill I look so fair maybe I got so
spooked from the hundred houses it's
right your night but you're not the
color right Milani
you've got a nice tan going no I just
like Sigma's dance around us I think I'm
losing my mind
I think we're slap-happy I think we're -
it sounded like slap-happy right okay
well I ride Melissa to HR and I expect
him to ask her her opinion of something
in regards to the way that it was all
set up and so I was kind of debating on
moving things her sometimes I get a
little what's the word bored with things
in the house and I think that's why I
want to change it up a little bit I was
asking her opinion if I should move a
dresser and you gotta Dan we both like
the idea of let's go to t.j.maxx our
home goods to a pre-arranged and she's
looking for something so
Halloween's in yeah um that's uh miss
Pumpkinhead haven't you heard about her
it's a punkin
oh it's been scary I love all this stuff
I know you're like you keep for me I do
love that right there that's so cute the
witches in the house what what really
not talking about me talking about
Charlie
so no joke this might be the coolest
thing ever it's a little like a little
guy recliner yep
it reclines oh my lord and it's like the
smallest thing in the world I wish how
cool did the clouds look right now you
can see the lightning in the background
oh my gosh it's kind of spooky oh yeah
son listen I kinda did a little bit of
damage to t.j.maxx a lot of damage we
went in with an intention which was to
only purchase certain things that we
needed for the house now some of you may
think that we got things that we needed
for the house things because we think we
need them for the house we had a start
stacking up at some point during this
time frame we're not getting a lot of
fall stuff Charles might hate me it's my
fault I'm blaming you
it's your fault good job Marv and good
when she does have her collar on she
looks like she has such a tiny pinhead
Lussier pinhead
it's a pinhead I wonder where Marley
could be I wonder I wonder where's she
go dee where'd she go she gone to the
bed that where she went
yep it certainly did well guys I hope
you enjoyed today's video I gotta just
end the day way my favorite game it was
a pretty this is a pretty interesting
day I'm actually really happy that I got
the backup bosses photos because I know
she was really really really sad that
she lost all those photos of Tyson from
the past like five years so I'm like
really happy that were able to help her
with that with that being said I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video and I
will see you guys are all going
seriously what was that
