so we got maybe like an hour sleep I
have her the college situation that we
always do the college sheriff situation
I cannot wait to fall asleep see you
next time dinosaur
Oh
it worked heist complete
I think the strangest thing I've ever
had this has been a strange trip to
Moscow days are you doing some little
meta crap right now still behind the
scenes for the guy next to me wouldn't
wake up and so they get poking him like
sir Sir you got to put your seat back up
so that's really making me nervous
it's cool all the years I was like
they're like sir
sir you gotta get up and they called the
other way stewardess glide attack yeah
yeah and they like literally their look
on their face were like this really
going like this they're tapping they're
going great to his mouth see he's like
breathing and all these things and then
they just gave up and they just pulled
him up I like don't they hit the button
they boat I took two of them right yeah
he was not waking up yeah like on a
scary level the flight attendant was
like touching him she's like it was
frightening she thought she supposed to
be touching a dead guys you think it was
so frightening and then he did the
hunter way it was like there's no way
and everyone had a sigh of relief
I haven't apparently dude I'm sorry a
goose fat Club is opening that's what we
get excited for guys
all right the new Sky Club go and check
it out day number one
so far looks like every other everyone
all the same and I was expecting like a
band or a parade or something
congratulations on your new business
he's been the fancy travelers able to
get in all those fancy terminal
chandeliers fancy sky gloves I've just
been so tired I can't enjoy it I try to
go home and fall asleep and that means I
go to hear a bit more you welcome to
watch me go back a little longer hair I
don't want to get too long I don't want
to do traveller Danny's here I don't
think I could do that I don't know what
do you think let me know in the comments
because it's already getting there just
because have been lazy this worked
I will see you guys in a bit
I need this so bad otherwise it's gonna
be a really bad day target home like an
hour ago and he is so pooped from flying
and from you know just all the travel so
he is going to be staying at home
hanging out with the girls taking in
that I've gotta doing the polar opposite
of that I'm actually going to be going
for a walk slash run with my sister
right now so I'm gonna go exercise while
he dreams away
okay and I just got her workout in and
we killed two birds with one stone
meaning that we were walking and lifting
weights at the same time which is nice
because then it takes away having to
spend more time - yeah so we did it
about a little over two miles nothing
too crazy but we're and it when a
Kalin's France was just kind of cool and
they had a really cute dog we are
realizing I don't know why we just every
single time but we'll go walking and we
get like halfway through a walking
cliche and it's so hot when we do it
every time we still do it every single
time but broke sweat feeling good
calories get burn more calories you know
too much I don't really wanna burn any
more calories I bet you to give the
little barking actually gets more work
you're so right lazy huh you're so right
Kaitlyn okay so I actually didn't get to
pick up these the last night my mom
wanted me to come and get him this
morning and so I'm getting up picking
him up now but I am heading into to gym
acts really quick because as you guys
know we're getting married and about
it's like a little less than six months
I had this idea and I like pitched it to
Charles and he is obsessed with it so I
kind of want to see if I can find some
of the pieces that I'm thinking about it
putting as like centerpieces on our
tables into gym X to get a better idea
of how it's gonna look
because you kinda have to see it before
you can do it and I'm trying not to
totally cheat off everything on
Pinterest so I'm trying to do my own
thing - well right now I'm gonna go do
that pick up team though I'm so excited
I missed him he's been gone for like two
days and I'm like my heart is just
dropping because I just miss him so much
productive as it may seem that I am
being today I feel so exact
I think I'm kind of coming down with a
cold I'm not a hundred percent sure but
that's kind of what it feels like right
now
and I kind of been in slow motion but I
thought if I got out and I exercise a
little bit my body might feel a little
bit better but I just don't know if
that's actually happening but I'm gonna
keep going cuz you never know and I'm
gonna hear out of my mouth oh my gosh
you guys know how excited this makes me
oh my gosh Charles is gonna hate me a
probably gonna come home with all of
this stuff I just love it I love
Halloween oh my god I love it I mean I
don't even know what it is but I just
wanted animated spooky tree I just want
it love the idea of having candles and
something like this in the center of all
of the tables but I also have to say to
you with like wine bottles and then I
love the idea of something hanging you
know cuz there's a place I can't tell
you what they need quite yet but the
venue is really awesome I feel like
these would really complement the venue
and idea of the venue and the idea that
we're trying to portray the wedding of
what exactly want to do so these are
kind of my ideas of what I want actually
in this interview so I'm glad that
they're here
gonna give me like a really good idea of
what I should do and how much it's gonna
cost Ali comes back with all these
blankets okay don't judge me did you
show him your first your first
decoration yet yeah didn't show I come
home and I'm like what is this giant
thing a chocolate and it's his giant bat
she was my first decoration you got a
bat for the first decoration it's always
always Halloween you guys see every year
it's always Halloween and look at this
the idiots back the giant idiot the big
giant idiot I tried filming at my mom's
house when I went to get him like shit
all over lights up because again so many
jobs he goes like the big dummy I get
your rabbit so I woke up and I got some
energy so we decided we're gonna go rock
climbing and that's why I got the stupid
thing on my head I love how this thing
is under the bridge or a bunch of trolls
climbing rocks
oh yeah you know what we should probably
get married then
do you remember how to do this I don't
know it's kind of watch what they're
doing yeah right your probe watch the
kids it's been a while right honestly
like the most awkward things to put on
if you have no idea what you're doing
titanal sources injuries cradles the
balls they locked in bed how to lock
yourself in that's good good I don't to
a dis aughtta make new twists
sounds like a 303 song there she goes I
forgot how good she is at this stuff
it's pretty much those pterodactyl arms
those giraffe legs
c'mon
Oh
but this place is crazy it's like so
last time we came here was not like this
at all
I think I'm gonna do the whole good job
I'm so patty you try to kind of lunch
I've Outland again it's simple but I
want to try it again all over color so I
got a lead to actually wear the GoPro
now so it says cut to that
his job I guess it's nothing was a
comforting feeling are you guys would be
amateur guys does that look like a penis
view or a rocket ship whatever you want
to say I know I'm 12
good job man see the thing versus five
seven
what does that yellow thing look like to
you
you got it don't look down
are you fixing can't take you anywhere
but see what this is doing
so inappropriate huh I'm so glad we
didn't give up like we were originally
gonna do cuz walkin originally and it
was packed it was fun you guys like our
nigel thornbury angles those are
literally my favorite angles and blogs
like awkward things you guys remember
that last tour in Germany we went just
before the show to the hofbraeuhaus
Hofbrau Haus
oh boy bring it back memories
in actual Germany and here those giant I
don't know I have actually no idea where
I'm going and we had those big tights or
I want to call them gallons of beer just
before the show so I'm just gonna keep
reminding myself we have to play show so
I can't have told here's something about
me I've never ever ever drank or
anything before show never in my life
and except that one time it was the
worst decision I reiterated why I should
never do that because I don't want to
fall off the stage I feel like that's
something I would do any of the guys oh
wait no no Coley Coley would do it
because these falls all the time I'm not
the classiest one in the man
throws himself around like he's just he
gets so excited time almost disease
don't you do it don't you do it how can
you be good okay now you don't want to
screw you to Zoey anyway guys tomorrow
we're actually going to Halloween Horror
Nights so it's going to be I don't have
you remember was it last year we went
and they actually gave us this whole
treatment they walked us by with like a
light and everything who scream loud are
the girls have been
they're doing that again for this year's
it is going to be an awesome video and
awesome day tomorrow so don't forget to
subscribe because they're brand new and
I will see the models always hi guys
you
