traditional show zombie mode I have
three alarms and I almost went through
all three alone that's what sucks when
it's freezing cold in your room it's
raining it's super dark you just want to
sleep sleep sleep like the most cozy oh
it's so cold
and now it's so hot yeah it's like
clogging up guess the good thing is free
breakfast I don't if you guys remember
these as kids I will blast back into
that all right what's Virginia I am
getting ready to actually do a photo
shoot with my friend
Sabra who did that other photo shoot
that I did a little while ago where I
was wearing like a wedding dress so
we're doing yet another one today and
I'm very very excited about it it's
gonna be definitely different and unique
and I don't know I'm excited the thing
about this place is it's so freakin
small it's like a Sarasota Airport oh
you can see like there's nobody here
I've never seen that everything is ten
dollar store
in the back and it back in Atlanta forth
because you know tour we need to go we
have to look down and then go back up
we're literally going to Pittsburgh
we're right there so we're all the way
down and the most upsetting thing ever
of all years I've ever like flown we
kept hearing this poor dog or possibly
dogs is hell and whimper under the plane
it was very obvious I was like I don't
know how to feel about it because
obviously somebody might be moving
across the country and that's like
wonder dog or to another country
Revier intelligence I think the most
upsetting thing I've ever heard my
paralyzed which I won't have to say on
record you guys are traveling get your
dog is see don't put it under to the
stupid plane I don't know one time I was
flying and somebody brought the German
Shepherd and the German Shepherd and
accidentally got scared me and everyone
got so mad I was just like it's a dog
definitely just chill but I do have to
say that was single-handedly the most
upsetting sad thing I've ever heard on
the play so far
I got these for the guys okay so got
your present you got some wings now you
can fly the plane like a good TM I
pinned a lot of weight don't try to man
oh that's where I was going with that's
the first thing I thought no Frankie
it's real it's real Frankie can you poke
on it that it's real super dinosaur
there's a bunch of ones right there it's
true that's pretty cool that they have a
dinosaur
it really cool comes real even if it's a
mold how's your Samsung doing is it on
fire yet no it's because he always makes
one of the iPhones we got to go back at
him now that the final a we have a
reason where we can actually go after
me help you there you help me you're now
a pilot officially with your plastic
wings okay yeah that's all it takes take
a walk and fuck pilot any plane you want
maybe got you want to watch we have the
dab as you're flying
I'm back with the lovely Sabra we are
shooting again today and we're doing
like this like mermaid crown slash
mermaids beachy kind of shoot and we're
trying to figure out what's drill is
first I don't know actually
I don't know but I know I don't I don't
think we're in the right spot actually
so we're kind of guessing right now
where we're going and how we're getting
there but last time we were like really
rushing to get it done but they turned
out beautifully so we're kind of in the
same situation this time but they always
turn out great
so we're saying Covenant I know right
I've no idea this is insane
is that even cheap I don't know I mean
the wings are definitely a good deal I
don't know about the cemetery plots
so out of the middle of nowhere we got
here to the College which is Fairmont
it's really really really pretty
actually then - pretty much every
college in the United States now playing
all these colleges
screw the show I just want to go see the
ice cream truck
Sophie say oh yeah we get here for over
here oh yeah
that's room
oh yeah the tribe bought a bunch of
scratch offs and Danny bought one off of
them
and it could be the winner sorry I
didn't know
sorry yeah you're right I should have
bought you a lotto ticket watch you win
and then you take it you know 2 5 11 and
49 or 37 you're upset I'm gonna be it's
the one that you bought from me because
the ideas that you fight for in a row
what are these losers well here as it
goes transaction completes 10 bucks
that's true how much you pay for him
that you broke even so I definitely won
a prize it's at least ten dollars right
if it's a dollar it's ten bucks right ya
know about that one wait so it's 10
times what he's know yeah he's saving
how he's saving really I should buy one
now for you oh it's high time 110 120 20
bucks
not only we need to page this good
justification
like a mermaid yeah
so playing a little game around the
world but we didn't film so far as
Danny's already won one round that's do
this with use my hand you guys are very
good luck
let's go classy lessons mommy a
real-life mermaid right here okay
real-life mermaid and then the beautiful
minds behind this whole experience thank
you guys
is awesome check that out so pretty look
at it turn it on the last one was the
one I did it
at saks dollar
so we are done with this shoot it was so
much fun honestly I always have like
such a good time with Sam right just
because she's so talented and so unique
when it comes to photography she always
is like stepping out of the box and
she's always you know getting really
unique angles and I know I felt like an
idiot explaining this but I'm just
always so impressed with her it's just
such a great day I really hope you guys
enjoyed like seeing that because that's
like a little son of mine like that I
don't really film that often and I
actually don't get to do that often so
I'm glad I actually got to share it with
you guys and you got to see kind of a
glimpse of what that was like for me so
I am off because I got to eat I'm gonna
feed these little guys they are so
hungry and I gotta go get diesel this is
going to be an age-old question we can't
figure this out they have black or blue
is this painting upside down or right
side up let me just do this okay so this
is how it is then we flip it this way is
this better feel like this is the most
we've ever stared at any piece of art
ever even we've gone to the Louvre we
probably who passed the Mona Lisa
yeah this thing we're looking at way
more it's trying to be crypt Zack went
and got ice cream and then bring
anything back oh sorry didn't know you
said everything so now we gotta go get
it ourselves
we have no friends probably the worst
thing I could do before Joe
well the show is over we have a two or
three-hour drive back to Pittsburgh and
that's where we're gonna be taken off
and then we have a flight around
Shaitaan six o'clock I'm just gonna
guess it's probably six o'clock I
haven't seen the video the footage that
Ali is gonna be editing in today's video
so to be surprised for me to actually
watch it she sent me a bunch of photos
though and she looked absolutely
freaking gorgeous anyway don't forget
subscribe if you guys are rand-new and I
will see you guys tomorrow Zorin's good
I guess
