take that it's delicious blueberry cake
hey Beverly
yep right back to the airport and now
we've actually flying out the doors for
you
and here a part about this Airport
don't you feel silly there Zach Virginia
is for lovers
needles breath that's a good photo good
photo this is the cool van right it is
supposed to be 100% rain right now but
it's freaking kind of nice
Frankie one of the shopping that doesn't
look creepy at all
the poltergeist drinks creepy they not a
toothpaste get a comb slick down that's
toothpaste you remelted skittles and bit
your teeth with them it sounds like a
great idea that somebody in the internet
world is like I've done that yo real
thought someone's oh yeah oh show
infinite and not let try it they're
gonna do it now yeah filming send it to
Frankie no we have a couple hours right
now before the show and soundcheck and
all that which Travon Coulier to be
doing a radio show or rito parents they
do every once a while I already uploaded
the vlogs are nothing to do
I want to sleep I already slept on the
plane so I'm just not going for the
honey coming from Florida I'm you stick
humidity Norfolk Virginia
that's one man yeah that's where it's
freaking humid like I'm not used to this
like I'm sweating all over the place I
came here to take a shower before the
show which is not something I normally
do the innocent Jessica Simpson did you
yeah that face is really creepy I said
that though yeah I hope I'm cooking
itself you know pretty good there's a
smorgasbord of kinds there the classics
hey Kate okay
it's tried that's a doughnut another
cage it's doing it no that makes no
sense
make no sense
wait take blueberry cake
I really do
oh we got a little brain I'm with sweet
Kate and we're gonna go grab some lunch
wait a second I gotta show you guys
something this is like one of my
favorite places in the world and I'm
highly oh my god where the dogs jumped
over the fence no not over this oh Jesus
I like on a thing save me sorry you know
I just picked eyes with drop so that
over there is like a doggy daycare kind
of thing and it's where they I think
that I believe they rescue dogs over
there too but they're letting them all
playing the rain they're just having so
much fun I think it's so cute that one
dog
look at him they're having so much fun
it's so cool so cool
great you flailing is the funniest thing
in the world
I wouldn't go like that well I would
trust my friend that that's our rocket
now look what you did you little jerk
oh my god John Stamos with the wonderful
wonderful we have John Stamos in the
house oh is this like big brother how's
it going how are you I'm very see it
Travis six coffee
yes I stand my friend okay when I got
the plane at a full Starbucks coffee and
I leave and the whole thing you spilt
don't have to work and just give the
city everything
Gosling's suitcase let me know killing
some time right now all they do some
voice look at those pecs what it's not
working out he was flexing he was
flexing if you were single and looking
for down-to-earth very nice well and I
believe this is people are like wait
what did he say
you guys like big talk about food I
asked him everyday if you thought I had
that job kinda ring typical sort of
weather exactly what we didn't want to
happen it's kind of happening but I
think it's a lot better than it was only
bad thing that I've noticed is that
water now when it fills in there it's
coming up here so this may be a little
bit of an issue and that's what we
didn't want to happen with all this but
I think that's just to me something we
can't prevent
so I finally get to test it right now is
raining normally I would not obviously
film or bring my phone out in the rain
but now I get to play around with the
whole waterproofing waterproof he's got
a marker draw some mustaches oh how
could it be meeting cooldown literally
being pulled down by water Co is about
to rip some faces on my guitar is no
good this is what Delta did today heads
are gonna roll
yeah that's hitting everything it's
hitting the home what do they possibly
do they like get that to go in there but
everything else is fun
I can't even dissect this like if
anything like suck this you shouldn't
think you're like part of your bridge to
be goofed up to so confused maybe it is
have you looked at it and see if it's
lined up in reason this reduces the next
day looks good this is what Jack but it
wasn't ever touching it
what Oh Marley I'm just so happy you'd
love to just run you're so sweet why
didn't you like it came around I'm not
gonna be annoying and loud but yeah
Diesel's with my mom still and I just
have to show you guys something so as
you all know fall Halloween favorite
time of the year it's just my favorite
time of the year here I love everything
that has to do with fall I just really
really do so I've already gotten like my
volcano so burning I like my candles I
have like the pumpkin spice and like
I've had this one going for probably a
good
month but my spice pumpkin a neighbor
candle so I've already started on that
aspect of like Halloween and fall so I'm
very excited to announce then I have got
my first Halloween decoration and it's
so simple and it's so plain but I just
love it so much it is just a bat it's
just a plain back that's all it is but I
kind of want to like paint in do
something really cool and funky to it so
I'm very excited about my very first
Halloween decoration that I'm gonna be
putting up in the house I have a feeling
before targets over the next couple of
days I'm gonna have a lot more he's
probably gonna hate this forget you
better like so be reflecting in it oh
thought I mean it stopping you coolest
and drink it I get some good light for
you this would be in front of a giant
corner
there we go t work yeah we have no keys
no keys alright thing feels really nice
at night and in the rain you're still
out here I really thought that was
actually gonna look like crap
this thing feels really nice show's over
right now heading back to the hotel I'm
trying to play with Ali and battleship
right now it's beautiful just wanted to
say good night I love you though
so your little yeah I could see a little
bit like I could see a little bit on
your forehead how do you feel
she's like kicking your butt in Scrabble
right now cuz I'm kicking your butt in
Scrabble right now honey I got my little
my little roommate over there are you
reading battleship okay
um Danny keeps beating me in battleship
it's not fair sorry I'm talking about
computer so I can finish this vlog and
there you guys say you anyway what am I
talking about I'll see you guys tomorrow
I guess
Marley 30 friend a complete scrubbing
you'll be around
