good morning guys
morning serenade we're going to Travis
Jenni's place and bradenton right now
because we're just gonna have a little
cool like beach day full day they told
us to bring the girls here's the funny
thing
Zoe's ears have been like this all
freakin day and I'm looking around right
here and I could tell she's knowing it's
gonna rain look at this so I'm going to
show you that we could see from
everything from this Ridge we can see
the rain here rain their rain their rain
their rain over there and just random
spots but then there's clear areas we're
going did you get Comedy Central in
those ears do you like that joke what
are you doing you're editing a vlog this
is the vlog area right coming out there
Marley already swimming already go in
turn show Elvis up to do this Elvis
establishing show off your strokes
we've been training her since birth I'll
take it to the Olympics go get it
up Zoe careful he's always gotten so
used to her custom Zoe steps she doesn't
know what to do with a smaller step go
get it
Marly go get it here good okay that way
turn around just a couple of guys yeah
this is not Charles's golf cart I
completely forgot the GoPro which it's
the only thing it can really use at the
beach otherwise I want to break these
brand new cameras so we had to go back
and now we have to walk the girls are
with mama bear and Elvis and mocha bear
hangout with no loan next today Lola was
really missing him everyone's on little
puppy vacations I'm so you don't need to
come over okay I used to surf and when
it used to have basically I guess every
hurricane or tropical storm season I
used to come down to this beach I think
it was one down because it was like
really hidden and all these mangroves
and we'd go here because this is the
only place pretty much in Bradenton
Sarasota that you can actually get
hidden this is like the stupid tent
they're still working on it we just
watched the movie the shallows the worst
movie to watch I go to the ocean the
ocean so a shark it's still terrifying I
want to push Danny over so bad right now
but I know he's got this camera out so I
can't do it we're missing the rain you
had your fake teeth then we pull it out
yeah
but it's how many Mormons no don't
really tell you you won't have it for
the wedding I'm not worried yeah no pull
them out right now it's just it's funny
like you're looking at sexy pose right
now that you pull out your teeth it's
actually kind of funny
yeah and Gabe Ali's got a pretty good
perfect spiral jhinsley over here it's
nice isn't it oh you guys get matching
hats and everything so trav and Danny
found a jellyfish
I hear if you touch it it feels good
that's a big one you are not as pretty I
pet jellyfish but you're also very very
scary looking you guys collecting
dollars or trying to get a dollar
Jenny's mom mama theorem loves San
dollars and we couldn't find a whole one
so Travis had a genius idea of getting a
bunch of different pieces that he can
like mosaic into one yeah if you get
four four quarters the dollar nine would
trap you didn't appreciated that love it
loving it over there look at her she
loves it
all right good we're over 42 times I
want to talk about you and I want to say
Oh your friend because I know you so
then I'm like so it's Ali coming I'm
phased out good
you were supposed to be planning the
whole wedding marlis already trying to
take Kinsley's strawberries she's babe
kg over your mouth that's Marlee we're
all talking and all of a sudden Marlee
just jumps up and opens the door in
front of tribe and tribes never seen it
Doug Doug
Joey and Elvis are now becoming friends
come here Elvis right Zoey Zoey is so
interested and that's mocha there's your
buddy Elvis Marley all cleaned up so you
want to see how Elvis
so I've never seen you like this pre
adorable now this come here Zoe it's so
cute earlier Elvis barked at Zoe that's
why I saw this out - are you terrified
at that tiny little dog that weighs ten
pounds
Zoe that's not a dog that's a baby human
yeah yeah you struttin yeah you do what
Mommy does
hosing it'll be an actress now you going
down job is being super dad
trying to make it so that Kinsley
doesn't cry when he's putting her in the
car seat
tref has to keep doing this because
Kinsley is currently asleep in the deck
so he can't stop otherwise there's no
way go
so right now we're actually trying to
figure out where we're gonna go have
dinner we have the dogs
Travis Kinsley we're sitting in a
parking lot right now track can't stop
driving because Kinsley is asleep and he
doesn't want to wake her up
you try do it I can do that you know
that's actually like a genetic thing
whether or not you can do that with your
tongue really they have to mock let's
say we have some water dude so here Zoey
nope Marley though he have something
you've already had oh my no beside
smiley you little bitch come on
well you gotta get in the backseat
homegirl hey come on thank you
appreciate it
I think she wanted you to be in the back
you can drive me around like a chauffeur
nothing else to say oh good
Oh God instead that's not sorry everyone
I'm sure that he's already told you that
tomorrow he actually leaves for like two
days we have a show of Virginia and
where's the other one North Carolina
Virginia so yes he has a show in North
Carolina and in Virginia if you're in
those two states I will see you guys
over there hopefully that the college
ISM and there you go I should have said
that before we go to bed you do have
kind of a really awesome announcement we
will be releasing the newest CTFxC shirt
it's a really cool very different yeah
it's very cool very different look than
what we've done to Michelle yeah it was
gonna be two different sure it's gonna
do a black shirt and a white shirt and
these are gonna be the two designs that
we're gonna be doing tribe Tyler took
this photo of me when we were in
Washington DC so we wanted to make a
kind of real slick very clean shirt he
helped us with a design this is which is
like the invert of the photo you can see
the photo within the thing and I
honestly like film yet I feel like it
doesn't give it any justice it doesn't
give it justice it's gonna be an awesome
awesome cheering like we're gonna make
these hopefully available at the end of
the month I'll give you guys updates as
we kind of progress we have a couple
things going on so I just want to kind
of organize everything we're gonna try
to do at the end of the month hopefully
by the 30th or something like that I'll
keep you guys informed I hope you guys
like those designs because they're
actually one of my favorite designs I've
ever made so yeah I'll let you guys know
Oh guys I gotta go to bed because we
have a 6 or 5 a.m. flight I have no idea
so I got my dates all packed up I gotta
find everything else get it all packed
up and ready to go play some shows at
5:00 in the morning that'd be great have
a good night guys thanks for watching
today's video
bye guys show me your pearly whites Oh
