alrighty good it's fair and square hello
this one hey Mark don't want to alarm
you but you got your head in some
get it because this pillow I feel this
is the response to gift for most of my
jokes can I open it oh no I'm tired of
coming over here then you don't want to
do anything there we go look the bell
doesn't open and sawdust revolving door
so here's the deal Marley's got these
weird little bumps or bytes in her ear
right now okay see like right there I
don't know if you guys could see him you
don't want to show it off and Ally and
Caitlin went to go finally get the I
think they're finalizing the bridesmaid
dresses because you know things are kind
of deadlines are coming up guys and
since she can't take me I figured the
best way to do this whole situation
would just take the golf cart try to
find a vet in the area and I found one
so Marley you ready to go so good
afternoon and an end the clone with
again
together we're inseparable Caitlin if we
are back at it again guys more wedding
stuff I know all you boys out there in
Menna they're probably bored out of your
mind even probable you girls but this is
what comes with the territory when
planning a wedding you got to get
everything in order and you need to get
a lot of it done quickly so my task for
like the next two weeks is basically
finding bridesmaids dresses because they
do take time to come in and if the girls
need alterations that time frame needs
to be included in this as well so we are
heading off to be able to get some more
bridesmaids dresses and I keep like
tossing and turning I want more than one
style of bridesmaids dress I think I'm
going to keep it all one solid color I
think that that would be easier for me
just because of the time frame and I'm
still going to love it i'm still gonna
love it regardless but it's going to be
important for me to maintain the vibe
that I want but also make sure that the
girls are comfortable because i think
when someone feels uncomfortable or
unattractive and something that they're
wearing that it really does it does come
off and i know i definitely don't want
that for my friends in my family so
we're gonna go to addresses scale to be
my guinea pig yet again hi buddy at the
button
it's a puzzle see you know how to do
this you're smart here look okay don't
look at that you were the one here you
too smart we're here see all right you
got it it's fair and square oh this one
dang minute and a half you got that you
want all aboard it's a fun game with
outlook for this online congratulations
good job the Caitlyn and I looked up
some gowns yesterday that we really
really liked online and we're gonna try
and find him now but I think we're gonna
try and stick with the long gowns okay
I'm really you had that one so we're
gonna start looking let's see so this is
what is no I like it the sex beautiful
and if you feel comfortable it's very
comfortable it's gorgeous sunny in my
neck didn't grow when I eat that's good
I they got right in any way I love this
totes crisscross back how far up does
that slight you up it's really not that
it covers do you like that you look
gorgeous you look gorgeous
going around the golf cart was just
Marley she never gets to be on the
actual seat here's some stupid go to the
vet and you get a golf cart ride
what's wrong with you choices for you
cuz we all know you got a little problem
no you come on you already had like 14
treats she took the bottom there you go
diesel I got your ice cream what did he
seem to taste so freaking good you
better do it before Marley comes over
here it was like this has got to be a
trick come on buddy you're so dainty do
you have it well you dropped it oh
you're gonna eat it like an ice cream
you so silly your cone head i'm tellin
you dude what are you doing
it's not yours you had the martini kick
come on there you go
well I guess that's what you do with ice
cream I was there you look so very well
it's just something but it is a hug even
a boot yeah i'm seeing like it you look
really beautiful and i just love the way
that it drags when she walks look at
that you look so perfect so ruin your
trip like that it's not bad actually you
look really pretty in that so how do you
feel you like him I feel great and if we
made three great decisions are going to
flatter each and every person that you
have all night all night so that was
like my biggest issue is like I wanted
to do different styles if I wasn't going
to do like some different print so I
found three different styles all that I
think are gonna fit the girls perfectly
cuz they all have similar body styles
for something more chance to than the
others but I left every single one and I
think the girls gonna love every single
one I really do like I actually feel
really confident about these and I know
I kept telling you guys my challenge has
been to see if I can find a dress that
they could break in I think I did it I
would honestly where my house yeah I
think I did I would remind you of them
all only if I won't want to say hi there
you go yeah come on we got some medicine
for you
all right you get the baked she's gotta
hit you now what do I put them in her
years in inner ear 8 it says a drops in
her ear canal okay it says it right on
the bottle this is cuz you're stupid
marleny do bad things funcom ready
series why of Ali doing it cuz she's a
champion cuz diesel oh it always has the
ear problems ah no you gotta let me do
this Marley's got a little bacterial
infection in her ears ears Oh cute
though huh gear thank you all right now
we gotta give up now we got to meet up
with my family you got a little dinner
now we gotta clean that off these you
don't want I'm always kind of mesmerized
what is that okay really random look up
at the toppling above the clouds and so
see where it's like there's a goal a
club but it's like a really bright color
repairs I think it's a reflection of the
Sun
no I the moon spray over there is that I
think it's a son no honey up there that
up oh right there holy okay they were
getting an alien on camera I don't know
it's part of snare playing bit shooting
down that's crazy that is nuts I don't
know what that is can't get a super
thing to focus well pull back I know
just imagine if this is like the most
amazing thing in the world and I can't
get the stupid camera to focus like
Bigfoot is like piloting an aircraft he
just Lance like hey how's it going but
it's all blurry so don't say anything
that is just nothing she's falling oh
it's gone now wedding talk over here
meanwhile my dad's getting stepped on
hey Zoey back massage all of you can use
do that this is rub that head right
there then you might want to get the
shampoo there dude just come over here
really quick is there a way to kind of
light on yeah you till you hit a light
switch is it on glass Ariana this man is
you it's crap are you gonna show you
think because I can good job is that
that look at shirt at the Mario shirt
forget to the authors wrote the awkward
stage finger of my entire life hobo's on
the passport and guess Zohar did the
passport photos a long time ago actually
blossom we went to Brazil we do the
passport photos who use the worst photo
this is before i was doing this way
before the band oh why aren't you
showing your sweet chain and the last
picture oh yeah okay man
you're so cool wait gets better hold on
look at his scraped fan that probably
gave him a heart attack I wish that
whenever to you mom yeah Oh cute mama
you've got some legs go nice mix for
days oh what happened oh what a blah
knees oh damn for you look check oh you
want dapper dad just showed the dapper
oh god little pinch Milan engine I have
no idea what that is I don't either hey
I grew hair for the first time on my
face I was like I'll to keep it you
should just saying I guess it was junior
year he had my work shirt on oh I
thought one day I remember that was my
gays in prison that was a tongue stage I
remember that big E's surfboard you
allowed it to happen me it was the one
where this isn't a scary one I'm wearing
the same Mario sure BJ yeah he's now on
okay he's like on Broadway yeah he'll be
J dad you just look over it you look so
over in this photo I can relate to this
photo so much you're just like yeah you
and dad are spitting images of each
mm-hmm that's a face you can't
say out of your own face arms yeah I can
relate to that phase two this is no
you're like easy before easy I feel a
little scared of you from that pic oh
look at this incredible meal gonna
change my life you understand that
change my life you know you can just
slide your finger up and it does it to
you don't have to pinch it right can you
just slide your finger up a separate
page I don't oh you got jacked up oh I
love how the girls are just like over it
is he out supporting you I can't tell
her again oh that was a red rain to the
door he's a doofus he's a doofus diesel
we gotta fix a stupid TV curtis Miley's
good but oh sorry you were trying to go
under the but I know what you're doing
get back on that bed
you
