oh where where can Marley be good
morning Internet so right now I'm going
to the airport to meet up with Allie and
our family so I could get the vlog
uploaded a little early if you're
watching this video you'll notice that
yesterday's video if you haven't watched
yesterday's video because it uploaded a
little late go check out yesterday's
video or is Allie checking out all the
wedding dresses she made it a beautiful
like montage video so rather than it
being later when she got home I'm just
gonna meet her at the airport and upload
it at the airport so you guys don't have
to wait too long and I want to surprise
her cuz I miss her I walked everybody
already proof this is the first time I'm
ever gonna put in the vlog of the iPhone
7 I just wanted to see how cool it looks
I can already tell the clarity looks
amazing is it better than the other one
don't know maybe Apple got me again dog
but three dog bucks three dog buts in 4k
that's exactly what they wanted it for I
think it's a little bit better I have an
uber coming right now
and then I'm heading out I need to get
some water I think I'm gonna surprise
her I don't think she knows I'm coming
maybe she does cuz she always knows what
I'm trying to do something nice big
surprise err I know the find Allie I
don't think she lands for another 30
minutes
its ability nurse start up something
sangeeta her that flowers the Starbucks
it looks like she deserved perfect I
actually remembered the right thing for
a change
not that donned a symbol out there with
the team copy shouldn't have more than
just coffee in the name that's a video
uploaded Ali was extremely tired so I
told her to go home
and I'm gonna go to the ball return this
stupid phone so I'll get charged for
that and since I'm not really in a rush
right now and I every time I come to the
airport I'm always very interested in
this stupid sound and usually absolute
tires and flying I never get the chance
to go look at it this thing right here
definitely pretty unique
pretty cool I guess I didn't miss much
just a fountain finally okay okay we got
eyes like a crazy chaotic morning of
course something happened with our
flight basically we got onto our plane
and then oh there goes my plan Jesus
Charles not to put that all the way down
now whoopsies we basically got onto the
plane and then we're sitting there they
said oh well there's something wrong
with the plane something's not working
we're gonna see how long it's gonna take
to get the part to fix it it should only
take like 15 20 minutes 15 20 minutes
pass it says they're finally not gonna
get part two an hour after we're
supposed to depart so we ended up all
getting off of the plane we missed our
departing flight if you know all the fun
chaotic things that usually haven't went
abroad like I think I have some type of
curse on me that would put on me or that
was placed on me by Z plane gods because
I can never have a normal flying
experience ever ever ever because I was
having those issues um I don't know why
I'm just having such a such a difficult
time sending all of my footage over to
Charles usually I know this is kind of
like boring talk but usually what I do
is I'll compress the video down and then
we use since base where we send each
other our footage that's how we did it
while he was on work torn how I do it
vice versa okay I could not do that
through the airport for some reason I
just their Wi-Fi I don't know if it
wasn't strong enough I don't know what
it was but nothing was working
Charles ended up coming to the airport
and I guess it was supposed to be a
surprise like seeing me there however he
cutting it away because he's like
alright I'm just going to come to the
airport I'm gonna try and upload the
video there so for the video yesterday
got up a little bit late but I really
hope you guys enjoyed it I actually got
to try
dresses and I found my wedding gown and
cool thing is the boutiques that I went
to they actually custom-designed this
dress for me which is really amazing and
I'm so flattered and I feel so blessed
because I just never two million years
did I think I'd get this opportunity so
to Henry's thank you so much Jeff
Fogarty is a gentleman who actually
watches the vlogs and he works for them
he reached out to me and they just all
they just hooked me up
I mean honestly they hooked me up and
dodged who was the manager Chris who
helped find my dress and josh is just
like our wizard saying with Chris
they're just amazing when it comes to
finding the most beautiful wedding dress
and putting you in something that makes
you feel good I just had an incredible
experience I had such a wonderful time
there it was a lot more than I ever
expected I guess that's only thing you
can really say I did not cry though I am
I found this kind of funny I did not cry
when I tried on the dress but I didn't
think that I would my sister I don't
think my sister did and I just I don't
know I think I'll get emotional in the
day of the wedding but I didn't get
emotional with the dress it's more such
happiness like I couldn't even find
tears and I'll be really honest so the
dress that was custom made it you know I
I have not seen it yet I have not seen
the full structure of it I've only seen
it drawn-out and like they tried to show
to me so I had a moment of freak out
yesterday and I feel so much better
today I had a moment of freak out
because it is nerve-racking not actually
seeing the dress until it's done and by
the time it's done you're like oh my god
this too has to be perfect
but I know it's gonna be because they're
all so talented and girls guys anybody
who needs to find beautiful formal wear
whether you're going to prom homecoming
weddings everything I told you yesterday
if you're in pageants this place was so
incredible so incredible and huge and
fun and it was just it wasn't just going
and looking at picking out a dress it
was the whole experience that made it so
much better for me so thank you Henry's
thank you everybody involved I love you
guys my cart is just like Oh forever
going to be so filled with joy but I'm
actually going
put up a full video or I should say an
extended video of what you guys saw on
the CTFxC actually on my channel so go
over to my channel which is Ali West's
al li e w es and they'll be the full
extended video of my entire experience
their dresses I tried on that you guys
didn't see in the CTFxC daily vlog from
yesterday so go watch that and I'm gonna
go eat ooh sucks I'm starving you happy
mom's home oh we're work and Marley bee
where's Marley bee oh she brought it in
I know you're at ICU I found Jamar you
met that sneaky although I have no idea
how you got under there
hey diamond dog is the first time in a
long time that we were actually gonna go
as a family little puppy family on the
golf cart once the only problem is when
I had to put all the mirrors up I had to
remove this guy the new
Oh
yeah
hello
we lost diesel an ally who's getting a
little too crazy to go
yep we should probably not go that
direction
I should not go that direction
lay the dogs are now just taking this
thing over whenever they want even
though we had the strict rule that this
is no dog allowed easels over there
eating the dragon happy mom's home -
what is she's happy mom's home - I think
your tooth I think he did good job buddy
good job tag him you did it purposely
I've heard the like push okay what I
said was that we needed to do a
thumbnail for today it was all just
elaborate ruse scheme scams ruse
are you sure it's not a ruse okay
finally home it's wonderful Wow your
finger to help you sure you want to
marry me wait actually that's actually
pretty terrifying
that's absolutely terrifying everyone's
just pausing the screens are now running
in horror honey this is so again pretty
thrilling the homemade world
this is septic I don't know what that's
that one emoji she did like an extended
version at the wedding-dress shopping
thing just like it's like the full
version of the actual full version the
director's cut if you will okay the
director's cut we're leaving a daily
vlog obviously includes both of us and
I'm sure there's a lot of guys out there
that are like alright Ali we're done
with the wedding dress yeah I really
enjoyed myself and I wanted to make sure
that I could really show a lot of my
experience it was so cool the bull
extended version would be on my channel
so at the end of this video there'll be
a little clickable annotation somewhere
on the video I'll probably use those new
annotations and I'll take you to
youtube.com slash Ally Wes al li e w es
is just 1s no I mean is it just 1s yeah
if you're not already subscribed to her
channel subscribe here for brand-new and
we will see you guys tomorrow as always
good she looks pretty face all the time
bye guys
