good morning Internet I couldn't go back
to bed so I figured it might as well
we'll try to see if and you'll find a
stupid phone like a freaking moron
couldn't sleep
good morning Internet we are off now to
go try on some dresses for some reason
I'm pretty darn nervous how are you
pretty darn nervous about doing this I
don't know why I think it's because it's
exciting you know it's really really
exciting but it's it is nerve-racking
because I think every girl always really
wants to make sure that I buy exactly
what they're looking for which I think
they're gonna do a really really awesome
job at that
this is our very own private bridal
suite here at beautiful it's like the
VIP pretty cool Chris is helping me find
in the dress of my dreams and he's
incredible he's so far we've picked out
a few of them just to try on to see if
any of them really jump out at me if
there's a certain silhouette that I
really like there's something about one
area of the dress I like more than the
other so far we're gonna try these and
I think if it was open without the
crisscross you'd be more open to her
yes right from your waist down I'll be
like just get them here down yeah
we put a strap here elevate it back
you don't say that could be an option
all we just do a strap here and here
okay and I need to get to go just
because I've spot here it's gonna pull
this do you feel that the malls not even
open yet
and there's no cute here so I could
either be good really really bad I just
wasted my time
oh there's a little bit of a line so it
looks like I'm actually gonna get one
success guys success ad now that we have
done the whole Bridal thing we are gonna
go try on some of their magic pounds
just to give you an idea of what not
only they have here but what some of
these pageant women actually get to wear
I'm very excited I've already seen them
but I've not actually tried them on hi
this is something interesting since I
was a couple years ago a year ago they
made it illegal to lock phones so I just
drop this out today
this is actually a sprint phone and I'm
on t-mobile and if you buy it outright I
guess they can unlock it so for all
those people scrambling trying to get
the carrier for yourself this is a
little loophole if you guys didn't know
so like I said this is a sprint phone
and I'm using it on t-mobile all those
unboxing nerds so here's the box comes
with this thing that I've never actually
looked in Friday's sticker the phone
obviously the plug AC plug and then you
got the headphones and here's that
little thing everyone's kind of up in
arms about the little little dongle for
the audio jack you guys remember when
they switched from the old-school ports
on the the iPhones to the Lightning and
how pissed off everyone was like oh I
gotta get new cables I gotta do this I
gotta do that and now nobody cares like
it's just a thing in the past nobody
even cares so I feel like this will be
one of those things this thing in the
past
once more people started doing charger
other the same thing so the headphones
are the exact same thing just instead of
a audio jack it's just a simple
lightning cable not that interesting so
that's that's the iPhone 7 so far I got
a great now transfer everything and I
want to dunk it in water I'm so afraid
to do though the water test
I know it's waterproof but at the same
time do I really want to risk it I have
to think about that for a little bit so
I was successful I got a problem
geek porn so Chris is so generously
going to put me in some beautiful gowns
right now I'm just going these are these
are very actually these are very very
playful guns something I probably
wouldn't wear day to day but some you
might so I'm gonna go ahead and try them
on right now
and actually it looks really pretty
I can see wearing that on a daily basis
you can do your spider-man in it oh yeah
so if you like a king you look like one
so using trial
yes
oh it's a beautiful please thank you
check out this gorgeous gal by Giovanni
fashions absolutely breathtaking I'm
obsessed with it
I told Kaitlyn and my mom I'm like I
might have to switch my wedding gown to
this can be a very very untraditional
bride but you guys see the back check
out the back of it gorgeous it's just
unbelievable I never thought I'd be a
girl who like sparkles but I am loving
these sparkles so beautiful
thank you so much it was incredible if
you're looking for prom dress if you're
looking for a bridesmaid's dress looking
for mother the right dose you're looking
for a wedding gown and you're hoping for
a gown for a pageant this is the most
perfect place to come to they're so
knowledgeable and they really know how
to fit your body type right and they
find what you're looking for most
incredible experience and I like the
spark so please come here guys
underneath I always have to do this look
at this this makes me happy every single
time I see it have no idea the words
they feel like when I see this kind of
stuff especially when it's in front of
like a band that I idolize like easy
that is
they'll and Kanye West earlier today
when I went to the Apple store I could
only get the 128 gigabyte which is what
my 6 plus was and I only had like 5 gigs
left so I really wanted the 256 but I
knew I could make it work so I didn't
become like a digital hoarder which I
already became like I have like 20,000
but I'm not even kidding I have 20,000
photos on my phone I have them all
organized in nice little folders so I
can just search for things if I ever
want to they're all folders right here
you know the Europe 2014 costume
shopping 2014 Halloween Horror Nights
last year Ty Lee dressed in a
cheerleader costume for Halloween Batman
mask day these stupid things like New
Year's Eve 2013 and just like the had
those on there so when somebody asks for
something and I could just go oh wait I
have that photo I can just hit Search
see not kidding 17000 74 photos because
it was a little off about 20,000 that's
pretty close though we should play a
game right now guys on your phone how
many photos you have does anyone have
more than 17,000 photos if you do we are
best friends out where were they going
with this oh yeah so I went to Best Buy
and they have the 256 and I have a store
credit because all those cameras
breaking so I essentially just got the
iPhone for free this year celebration
there Dee so I'm a little happy right
now
got what I wanted I essentially got it
for free high-five guys okay is all
about errands
I got to see if I can get my sunglasses
fixed or something I have no idea what
they're gonna do with this
hopefully my buddy that works here is
actually working notice anything
totally not broken kind of pays to be
very friendly to people I hate when
people go into like customer service
places and are complete assholes that's
why things don't ever work out for
people and you nice to people and you
have receipts you're gonna you're gonna
be okay you got to come out okay now I
got to get home and here's the funny
part I have no cell reception cuz I've
left my phone at home restoring so I'm
like trying to find any bits of Wi-Fi or
call an uber which I have to say thank
you guys so much for using the uber
CTFxC code because without that I
wouldn't be going anywhere you guys have
no idea what I'm talking about and you
want a free trip on overthinks $20 just
use uber CTFxC as a promotional code and
you get a free ride and it gives me a
free ride and lets me live my life like
a normal human being as much as I can
yeah come on dude let's go I don't wanna
be doing errands on it do you tell her
the freakin kill oh so our day has
finally come to an end and we just got
back to the hotel room Henry so
graciously sent me this awesome bouquet
of chocolate which they know how to get
to my heart right away and pull on those
heartstrings I don't even think that I
have enough words to really describe how
thankful I am for everything that they
did for me how incredible the experience
was how knowledgeable everyone there was
guys honestly if you're going to find a
wedding dress if you're going to find
prom anything any special occasion
please go to Henry's they sponsored my
dress and I just I know that the day of
my wedding I'm just going to feel so
good but I think I'm gonna look exactly
as I imagined myself to look
there's nothing there should I have
jelly for dinner oh I'm glad you have
food that's nice
see this is what I'm looking at so I
guess I could have lemon juice you have
a booger sure I have a pickle
these things Ali gets home early in the
morning I got to show you this before I
go to bed dude that cannot be
comfortable I hope you enjoyed today's
video and seeing Ali's wedding dress I
didn't get to see it's I hope you guys
enjoyed it don't forget to subscribe you
guys are brand new and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always I'm gonna do my
little pivotal fall into the bean bag
good night
what do you look at
