hey get it fake teeth missed y'all fire
yeah I know
longshot hey guys sorry have these from
yesterday good morning
so we are packing right now currently in
the process of packing and getting ready
to leave for this adventure don't know
when we're gonna get there don't know
where we're gonna get there say there
might be a travel day I don't know we
might find the cool stuff I don't know
that's the best thing about just getting
up and kind of dude this is not a
spontaneous is the last time but yeah
that's what's happening
and we're off guys ready I'm good for
the car ride you ready for car rides how
the news is we kind of know where are
going we're hoping that we see it on the
way but second annual family vacation
you know that's called the second day of
winter vacation ha sure
what it
search for so yeah
search for snow parentheses fail we're
going to North Carolina we were going to
do Georgia but we decide we found a cool
place that's very unique and we think
it'd be kind of cool to San that's what
we know right now
all right
it's funny because I didn't dogs as much
as the guys like kind of like freaked
out by the RV I think they're regretting
it right now
obviously this has become it's kind of
like reminiscent of the road trip of the
RV but I just did exactly like the RV
good we're slowly losing our mind
Suns going down really fast the further
up north we go which we still is
as you can tell we have one two three
dogs and zero cats she's got all her
shots now but we're still not like
completely convinced that she's not
gonna bolt somewhere and I'd rather not
have her bolt some random like city or a
state so she's been hanging out with
Kate while we're gone and then we're so
basically she's just to be partying go
cat party chip I just hang out with her
cat may go and just do cat things I
don't know it's got still to play with a
pig but next trip I think you're bribing
her because she'll be older and probably
easier is what I'm hoping for
so close then we're finally out of
Florida
we're doing pretty good we're only on
stop number two I don't know if was the
dog pee break or a leap you break oh
you're like a magician here walking
three dogs are they sorry three dogs
there's always a come on Marley
you've proven my point be smarter than
the post to be smarter than the post
come on no be smarter there we go there
we go use that peanut brain it's a nice
little rest saw how he's going for a jog
already smart there you want to run
Marley touch the water so cold it is I
would see my hands are so frozen that I
don't even feel the cold it is go this I
love that you go into my under chin
someone to chin all right there is the
only time I ever feel like okay with the
dogs being in the car because it's cold
any other time I go to scorching my
windows are down just a little bit so
they don't get too cold you just found
out that the place we're going is kind
of secluded so there's not really any
places to get food also we forgot Zoey's
little wagon I feel like she's gonna
need it hurting the hikes or anything is
putting my hand in my pocket and like
what
there's Christmas trees there's
literally Christmas tree stuff I'm going
to leave this here so I don't litter all
over the place but there's like really
honestly this is full of it network
cable so learn my lesson on all the
traveling Mexico overseas everything get
an Ethernet cable because if you just
plug it in to the router it's so much
faster than doesn't take years I've
learned so we got Zoey a nice little
Radio Flyer so that way cuz her hips I
think your hips are gonna really kind of
I hope they don't hurt like in the cold
weather but even if they do calories
running because she's not the mama bear
like like feelings all the time she like
called something's going on like honey
they're flying literally Marley sitting
up front just wagging her tail hanging
out front it's definitely the mama bear
singers that make sure everyone's okay
hey do you remember doing that parking
our viewers in front of Walmart this is
so cold it's so cold thick want to eat
oh by the way the search for snow has
succeeded snow we found it a lot but we
found it oh look Marley's got no fear
she's stepping in the snow already Zoey
didn't care either right in it can you
tell these are Florida the Hawks
everyone else they sure like their dogs
are like Huskies or something like that
and it is like probably looking at us
like we're idiots
good old Florida dogs are you gonna
check it out gonna make some yellow snow
he's all in it so you're in it I thought
for sure they were not gonna like that
but immediately started walking in the
snow
all right it was officially cold now for
it
 look like an idiot I don't care
piranha less like I'm not even getting
this is how cold I am I can't stop
shaking we are on our last fill up and
it is 15 degrees I can't really honestly
I'm not kidding I can't stop shaking I'm
really kind of second-guessing this
whole fine snow thing this is this is
colder than last time we didn't
as long ago everything else is anything
we are about an hour away I wouldn't
have to wait Oh gonna be worth it this
place is cool
seriously here it is lucky sevens we got
to go to the casino
and guess what North Carolina actually
it's ten degrees we were just discussing
how every time I pick someplace to go
whether it was like Roswell which was in
the middle of nowhere that Asheville
place was pretty cool but every time I
find someplace to go it's always always
in the middle of nowhere
it's very desolate it's very creepy on
the way there nothing beats wrong
so he's got here guys how cold was it
nine degrees I feel like I'm dying right
now I could never imagine ever being
stuck outside in this weather this is
ridiculous
so let me explain really fast what just
happened in this situation I came in it
was like 4:00 in the morning
and we got here super late I came in
turned the heater on all the time with
it oh it's four o'clock in the morning
now so it was like okay so what 2:30 I
came in and I turned the heater on
I turned the fire on I brought the dogs
inside
we covered things up brought everything
inside here right yeah so we brought
some stuff in the door would open it
apparently I guess the cleaner ladies uh
said it so it would automatically walk
behind us that's not her fault I mean
it's something we probably should have
checked at any rate what ended up
happening is the dogs got locked in here
with the fire the furnace and all that
stuff and it was it was freaking cold
and this sounds like literally like the
worst case scenario of any like any
story ever like I'm not even lying so we
were freaking out not knowing what to do
we're trying to like kick the door do
all this stuff trying to find like a
latch maybe that's somewhere else
we ended up alley flagged down this
gentleman his name was Hampton it was
nicest dude in the world he stayed with
us from 2:00 in the morning till 5:00 in
the morning right now letting us use his
phone this calling like we called like
911 scene called every because right now
where we're at is like near like a bunch
of counties we literally called every
Sheriff's Department in the area called
every locksmith in the area the one that
was 24/7 I'm not kidding
we were like calling like I said Hampton
like let us use this phone but we had to
go like 10 15 minutes up the hill
because we had no cell phone cuz we lost
our cell phone in here because you know
we're just going back and forth had my
computer in here going back and forth so
long story short I'll try to summarize
this I'm sorry it's just it's a crazy
story like how call me is right now is
not how call me or because it was
literally the scariest thing it was
absolutely terrifying
I called that yeah right now I'm super
calm because I'm back in here but we got
up to the hill we called
every Sheriff Department you called
9-1-1 call the emergency call triple-a
we called every locksmith in the area
the one locksmith that was 24/7
we're like they picked up it was like
hello and it was one of those fake
messengers like hello sorry we can't be
here you know he was on vacation
literally for the next weekend this
weekend he's on vacation
that's our luck so we talked to the lady
who we rented this from and she's like
well you know what you're gonna have to
do you just got to break a window and
like look we don't want that we didn't
want to do this so she told us if we
couldn't get anywhere we had to break
the damn window to get in because that
was the only way to unlock the door so
I'm not even kidding this is what we had
to do today this this seems like
something like out of a horror movie in
the worst case okay you know what's even
worse that it's what how cold is it not
9 degrees it's 5 degrees out like if I
go right here I could probably freeze
something like my body I gotta let the
lady know what we had to do it was her
idea that we had to do this it was scary
because this was on that's why we're
scared
and then these furnace you know like the
furnaces that they have I don't know if
you guys are from up north furnaces are
scary that's where things like burn so
we were like freaking out and like I
said this was a lady suggestion so we
feel very terrible that we're gonna
we're gonna have paying for everything
here we're just gonna take care of
everything but this literally is the
night from hell
vacation guys okay we're okay the dogs
are okay driving yeah right there just
shows you like how good people can be
right cuz he we're like we don't even
know the address because we can't tell
you we can't tell you who owns it either
no we don't have cell phones and we
don't have a key but we can tell you our
dogs are
yeah I mean he was we gotta get this
baby it's getting cold yeah we gotta fix
this
that's the situation that just happened
it's a night from hell but we're not
gonna let this ruin our our vacation
it's just a very interesting way to
actually start the whole thing but yeah
so we're safe we're here the dogs are
safe nothing burned down I'm gonna let
the lady know that her idea worked
horrible idea I mean it was a building
idea that we could have literally so
thankful for her to be okay with it
because a lot of people would unlock in
a woman I'm sorry but they wouldn't know
I mean yeah this is our place welcome
I'm gonna show you guys everything
tomorrow because it's a very unique
house and I think you guys are gonna
really like it so we're gonna get this
all taken care of
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
literally guys I don't think any worse I
guess you can say like what else can
happen right I guess I should knock on
wood there's a lot of wood here anyway
guys don't forget to subscribe and this
is this is definitely a first and we'll
see you guys mom bye
