I love you yeah fun I'm excited hey come
back look at the lipstick who have you
been hanging out with so we have made it
to yes sir and we are on our way to Ohio
right now my mom my sister with me we
were heading to this place called Henry
and it is a dress bridal prom boutique
and they are so graciously gonna help me
find the dress for the wedding you're
very excited here's mama dukes oh right
there Kaitlyn's in the bathroom we're
waiting for her when we got to get food
and we got to go find out where our gate
is we're starting the weekend off right
with some mimosas cheers tears
on our second life
kercher's myself will not work
slide my sister
now she's like it
the window
bring it back
for making fun of her
I guess everyone's woke up huh I'll tell
we woke up to looks like healing woman
sign up is diesel he sleeps like a
freakin log diesel diesel diesel diesel
hey you up yet lazy lazy puppies come on
come hang out come hang out you can do
this the diesel barking at nothing come
on though come on don't be lazy what are
you barking at dude up up d you're
annoying I thought Marley was annoying g
oh come on hon can you ever can you get
give up you are so loud so as you guys
probably figured out for my lack of not
waking up super early today I opted out
not going and waiting line for the
stupid phone I'm gonna see if I can try
to find one now chances are very very
very minimal how can I help you hey
Michael you've probably got this is
about a million 1 times already but did
you guys get any 7 pluses in today then
ok so it's kind of like universal seems
and honestly just kind of like it on
ottoman site we were extremely extremely
low on inventory so what it comes down
to i think that shift is probably the
best option for anybody alright think
it's brother or super backordered right
now man it's kind of create answer they
haven't figured this out yet for 10
years and i have a couple friends at
apple stores and they said that even
compared to the inventory that they're
used to seeing this was nothing compared
to that so interesting I think that
Apple unfortunately underestimated the
response that is quite interesting well
I appreciate the call man I mean the
answers have a great day dude alright
see it
so this is why I didn't bother to go
wait in line is that i read online that
even Apple said not to even try to go in
basically because they don't have any
seven pluses which is the only one I
want because I know there's no headphone
jack I get that a I don't ever use this
stupid headphone jack because everything
I have is like Wireless and be the
camera is amazing and since I've vlog
and sometimes I don't ever have my
camera I actually oh geez have much my
camera and you guys see it put like
iphone clips in there and what I want to
do is get a better quality camera and I
feel the one I've seen the specs which
is insane the cell phone has better
specs in some cameras not the g7x no way
if it did I'd be vlogging all the time
on that so they said not to even wait in
line so I was like I'm gonna sleep in
now I'm just got to wait could I ordered
it I already told you guys what happened
stupid stupid me and I know a lot of
people are all kind of bummed about the
whole headphone jack thing here's the
thing here's my thought process does
anyone remember how pissed off everyone
was when they remove firewire 400 and
then even more pissed off when they
removed firewire 800 from their
computers more recently how pissed off
everyone was when they got rid of the
disk drive the optical disc drive now no
one cares it's lighter it's alive a
computer no one cares it's the kind of
the same thing like everything's getting
like Wireless is like give it a year
give it two years no one everyone else
will do it no one will care honestly how
many times have you actually had to put
a cd-rom or like a disc into your
computer nowadays for those who have
macs for those who don't have max you
have no idea you probably still have
your disk drive and it's completely
known void what I'm trying to say I
don't know what I'm really trying to say
it feel like I've got a justifying
apples decision as if I have stock in
apple which I don't which I wish I did I
don't want to go look at a maybe they're
actually at the store and pathetic
Oh
Oh
getting a good nap in SL how was you
furball was the other football are you
in here why is there a wrench here you
didn't do some work no joke the person
that's coming to pick me up right now
for m√ºber his name is diamond squad am
I making this up look I'll show you I'm
just gonna do this so you guys can't see
his license plate but see diamond squad
wasn't making it out and the award for
the craziest uber driver name goes the
diamond squad unless you guys can beat
that in the comments let me know the
craziest craziest almost unique driver
names that you've had while using uber
that's some interesting ones but this is
the only one I'm going to ever remember
forever Kalin how's the bed yeah we have
a really beautiful hotel room it's got a
really awesome view and the cool thing
is they set us up in an area where
there's like a mall over there and
there's a lot of restaurants I will tell
you the what's going to go on tomorrow
you'll see in tomorrow's vlog exactly
what we're gonna do there you know I'm
trying on dresses but you don't know the
full details as to why I'm trying on
dresses or what I'm getting done with
the dresses I should say have you ever
seen a coffee maker not like this we do
the double ends yeah no button thing
interesting see all i care about is like
the type of photos and video takes
here's the jet black one no this is a
matte one yeah
this one's baby laughing oh my gosh
let's see let's see yeah sure it does
look like the shining oh it sure does oh
my gosh mom thanks I'm so glad that our
rooms like in this hotel before I leave
I gotta go get my presence I gotta do it
can't leave them all and not do it
I got a person would be victorious
decided to come to like a steakhouse
tonight kind of kind of a fancy dinner
oh it's the big day of trying addresses
on myself but my mom my sister said he
decided to treat myself this evening and
don't have like a nice dinner together
item kind of a celebration for us but
like I said earlier we're not really
good to go to like super fancy dinner so
I wanted to make sure that snake we did
something a little bit different a
little bit out of our normalcy and I
think we did a good job so far
everything sounds incredible honey have
a delicious tonight there's wine my gosh
really exploding link Kailen Kailen
check out my really cool magic trick
ready watch what does is magic help me
its a magic candle dunno but it's magic
mom it's magic rice magic it's totally
mad look incredible I got shrimp scampi
so my gosh I'm gonna try the corn and
the mashed potatoes what you guys all
know is like my favorite thing in the
world how's your steak was delicious Oh
what he doesn't realize is that that
lizard just ran away right over there
ooh I'm sorry buddy it scare you see
it's not in there you're looking at
nothing the entire time you've been
looking at nothing well it's taking up
the lead right now come on slowpoke come
on slowpoke and we have dessert to bring
home we just couldn't even finish it
there because our food was so good and
there was so much of it so we're gonna
burn off a little bit of that food and
we're gonna walk over to target and then
we're gonna walk back to the hotel and I
think we're gonna have like an early
night because we have a big day tomorrow
we're going to get into our pjs take a
shower watch a movie and that will be it
can we cross here alright I gotta let
you guys go because we got to figure out
what we're doing and how we're gonna get
across crazy busy road we're slowly
discovering that this city is not the
best place to walk or that it's not the
safest city to be for an individual who
likes to walk everywhere there's not any
sidewalks anywhere near where we need to
be we just have to cross like crazy 8
plane intersection and there's like a
sidewalk like the very end of a sidewalk
and then you cross through there's
another very end of the sidewalk and
then that's it there's like no
continuation of the sidewalk if that
makes sense and people don't care a
pickle Hills brain is over multiple
times so it was a little terrifying but
thankfully we've all made it I want to
go just simply try to clean up the area
here in the counter and I accidentally
move my sunglasses and you know that
moment where something hits the ground
and lands perfectly like your phone or
just anything and you know it's broken
and you don't want to look at it it just
is take a perfect flat just like it's
just a perfect flat fall
I'm still pissed off I love these
glasses I try so hard so our put things
in cases that case is right here course
around the kids right now I try so hard
it's just I have the worst luck with
anything people think I'm just like
careless and it's just I'm klutzy I'm
clumsy and it shows on everything i'm
surprised i haven't broke a computer or
some would i need some would shoot i
came back from running apparently this
is their new place to sleep I'm gone
they're awful those were not fun the
words daughter ever Caitlin disco I'm
trying to facetime Ali but her mom and
her sister asleep so I can I didn't want
me to wake her up so she sends me this
and I'm watching a movie so that's why
it's on the TV and I've she's really
kill me for this that's my future bride
and on that note I'll see you guys
tomorrow I guess
