good morning Internet today is one of
those days where I dread I hate that I
get really nervous about we were going
to the doctor I have to do my checkup
I've to get an MRI every six months now
it used to be every other every three
months eventually we'll get to every six
months when I can technically do six
months but it's up to my comfortable
comforter ability I should say but it
used to be every other month or every
month but now it's every three months so
making progress
tomorrow my sister and my mom
flying out to a booty
in Ohio they actually contacted me like
a couple months after we got engaged and
it's really incredible like bridal
boutique they actually dress a lot of
the women that are in like Miss America
and which is totally what Ali was loving
to do yes why I told them okay I Sparkle
as England's I am Isis like a tiara but
they have a beautiful
like wedding gowns so they're going to
help me find a wedding gown or something
more but I'm not going to tell you that
all the details
that's gonna help you and I get to sit
in line for the iPhone I don't know if
I'm gonna do it though the reason why is
because what I was trying to buy mine I
have to tell you guys this is so stupid
I feel embarrassed when I was trying to
buy mine my credit card was doing the
right thing and cancelling the order
saying fraud alert fraud alert if it
goes over certain limit they have to
have me approve it just a security
concern thing like that so I kept going
back and forth with them and then by the
time I got it going there like it sold
out until October like well I can wait
till October but do I really want to if
it's really next door and you know me I
I'm a nerd not so much for Apple stuff
but I am a nerve problem stuff but
assistive technology in general because
you guys have seen I've had every iPod
and iPhone since the inception it's just
I like technology I like to see
evolution of technology so that's really
the reason why I kind of this is a
justification guys this is what I say to
myself so I can justify everything I
have to take these things out of my head
otherwise I'll rip out in the MRI and
the problem with it they're not very
that easy to get out
that's one good see you can see through
my head just got done with the MRI and
as I say every single time it just
sounds like Skrillex I know I say it
every time but actually I have a little
fun story this time for sure I've done
these a million-in-one times
unfortunately I forgot to take my belt
off as she was pushing me into the MRI
my pants were just getting yanked up I
forgot to tell you so cuz it's memorize
if you didn't know our giant magnets and
if you don't take all your medic metal
off that's why I took these off I won't
he's ripping out of my head only time
I've ever done that I felt completely
best this is I think the most stressful
part other
the actual MRI is the waiting for
everything is just waiting waiting
waiting
but if fast internet so that's a plus so
we got the blog up actually I got to
show you guys something if I saw
yesterday's vlog if you didn't see
yesterday's video
Ali was playing on with our turtleneck
face turtleneck and chains okay time is
tickin
this guy's a wizard yeah guys I think
this is the guy that we're supposed rate
breaker the boy he tells a lie and some
girls yeah this is the next
 yeah so the guy from outer space
Fox this character I loved
nose look look lift your left I'm sure
people I know people get in like really
like piggyback more three days yeah I
don't know how they do that but what if
there's like an ear reduction a slap of
anything a rejection is oh baby here's
the one and only time people have to get
open your mouth right here she didn't
give you any ways to remember yes that
her words for you I'm gonna say chair
window pickle spork a chair window
people sport those are tough ones we're
gonna do a thing guys at the end of this
video when I asked you with those four
words worth so think about them don't
write them down you have to think about
them don't cheat just think about them
and at the end of the video I'm going to
ask you what they are and then you're
gonna have to take one you want exists
in your head yeah don't explain why
because this that's what they do they
ask me for my test
it's like short-term memory yes but at
the end of the video I'm going to ask
you another one who you Batman movie
with the guy the guy that's in the suit
that man
Alley sucks at the guessing where the
charades hell he sucks the trees no it
was hilarious that you kept saying
something about it being like at the
beginning Batman Batman Batman Begins
anyway good news guys my brain is still
there and it's doing well there it is
doing well so happy for you there it is
about a year ago that's almost two years
ago it's coming crazy to think about
isn't it
I'm just so happy for you it's like this
is just a MRI of it and then if you go
on that video you can see my actual
brain we're driving through USF I
graduated from here actually here's a
fun thing I got an email and I got a
Twitter notification you guys actually
told me about it USF for the homecoming
wanted me to come as an alumni and I
completely spaced on the whole situation
I tried emailing them but I don't know
if I missed the homecoming for USF if
you were the one who tried contacting me
from the school I will gladly come I'm
so sorry it was just so busy I didn't
see it I used to work there actually
when I was in college and I have a
couple of videos there's actually a
couple videos of B being on top of the
dome right there that used to be the
projectionists
for IMAX is that IMAX yes IMAX dad left
it's right there and Alesi there's
recycle Soros
the sames Herbert Herbert Thor's recycle
source John Marley
what's that why keep popping her in the
nose last stop that's a terrible one
thanks kid enjoy get it clean that
refrigerator yeah you got this three
Ali leaves tomorrow she needs to get a
carry on because don't really she uses
my stuff the grandma bag oh here here
let's get the grandma bag here it's a
new one
of course you do I what I'm trying to do
is I'm trying to find bags that like you
don't want to lose I don't think you're
gonna lose that bag
look at this I'm picking out dresses I'm
picking out purses I saw that happening
I just kept the camera rolling I was
letting it roll no those are like check
bags sir like check guests moving yet no
no no another fun little thing I'm
actually talking to tribe Tyler and he's
helping with a new t-shirt for us and
we're just playing around with the new
iLife iMessage you know you can do all
the typing and the stickers and stuff I
just love the fact that you can put the
stickers everywhere you know it's funny
it's the new iMessage I feel like it's
going to turn everyone's text message
experience into like everyone's first
MySpace page where it's just like
everyone puts like whatever gif or
whatever animated text glitter whatever
they can possibly do on it because
that's what you can do now was just so
funny lo and behold Marley went to go
take a poo and I want to go pick it up
and the poo bags are missing we have to
go retrace her so we come on don't knock
my legs up okay we'll figure out where
the hell this thing wet come on guys was
focused Oh Oh phew that kinda sucked so
we're trying to keep up with the whole
running every day and my pants were
breaking and it turns out on the
oh okay thank you every go well if you
guys wonder what kind of box this
Charles ever enjoy
Oh everything's what Chuck's wedding you
might not be wearing chucks and this was
a decision all his own this is my
decision I think since I got a really
nice fancy suit I might actually get
some really nice fancy shoes as well I
said if you get fancy shoes I was like I
feel like throughout the night you're
gonna switch to your chucks oh yeah
tomorrow we fly in we're gonna do like a
little exploring within the city because
my mom makes the start never been there
Saturday I'm gonna be snapchatting my
mother so guys follow me on snapchat
alley with two two S's yes Charles is
correct I've been like so nervous and
like stressed out which is so silly but
I've been so stressed out about like the
wedding like being six months away and
then like I'm working on a few projects
and then Charles and I are working out
some things in them with Charles leaving
I don't know we just it's so silly
that's like silly silly problems
definitely could be time to be running
TV alright guys well today's been a
pretty awesome day good news on the the
health front so I mean honestly that's a
huge relief because ask Allie I get
really really like I don't think that
aggressive but like agitated I get
really agitated anxious anxious that's
where I do get agitated this it's so not
knowing and it's it's very
nerve-wracking and today weight off my
shoulders there's so much freaking
better actually before we go to bed what
are those four words that we said the
beginning of the video does evil oh wow
cheating and going back and scrubbing
back
what were those four words does anyone
actually remember if it makes you feel
any better guys
I don't remember me there's my face is
so shiny it's very shiny don't worry
obviously we look like Smurfs right now
we're watching The Simpsons
and don't worry alleys will be filming
everything and you guys will get to see
it so we will see you guys tomorrow as
always hope you enjoyed today's video
and don't forget to subscribe for more
wedding goodness for everyone that's
been sticking around for so long we love
you guys and for those of you who are
new we love you too I love what it turns
blue and she looks like a smurf I feel
like what's her name um Willy walk on
the Chocolate Factory when she turns
blue oh yeah I can't remember name I
can't remember her name
it's violet violet violet violet what
are we even talking about make sure to
click those nice little annotations that
are brand new you could go check out
some more videos and I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always fine
