happy birthday Marley yay did you hurt
yourself she's walking anymore her back
right leg we were out there just like in
the living room all of a sudden here I
like the sweetest most innocent bark a
bark that marley never does a bark that
you know like if she ever did it you
would never know she does anything bad
she's back to the one we're gonna go no
is she she's back to normal look at that
she's psyched everyone out she couldn't
walk on her back right leg you should
ask you dad okay you want a carrot for
bacon
we go
Oh
happy birthday Marley happy birthday ok
continue itching do your itching right
my favorite thing to do what's a little
golfer I'm going to golf cart easily you
want to go in the golf cart I always
wondered why dogs do that what I go like
hmm they were always confused and always
interested in yes it's your birthday yes
you're ten years old you're in the
double digits old lady that was rude you
know how like people always say that the
best thing about dogs and the most
loving thing about dogs is that they
don't talk back that's why I thought to
before I met Marley I redefined the
whole idea of what a turtleneck is well
hello good afternoon Internet we just
got done meeting up with my dad for a
little bit kind of catching up which is
really nice because we don't get to do
that often and now we're my favorite
place in the world Eddie delicious what
on one second do you guys get over buddy
no Marley you gotta stay on the golf
cart you having fun though
it's a leash or not dresses right now I
wanted to be kind of proactive and
trying to get hard later a little doggie
cake but the closest place is like five
or six miles so I'm going to be taking
this take 12 miles I've never taken this
thing this far so fingers crossed I
don't get stuck again I know I could
easily just take an uber but see the
thing is that's just like having Ali
driving me and if I do the golf cart
it's like me driving myself so it kind
of puts control back in my life a little
bit they do you feel like I'm in control
a little bit more and it makes you feel
normal that's why I want to try this
until I get trapped and then I have to
rely on like five people gave me back
home and then I'm not normal yellow car
so anyways get her cervix because we
need that to go like you guys saw
yesterday we already just kind of like
jumped on the whole idea of looking for
bridesmaids dresses because we're
getting married in about six months it's
really important that I start narrowing
that down and get that ready to go we're
kind of in our brush and Sam
sucks but we're going to make it work
and that's why I thought about going to
something like dillards wear the dresses
are kind of more fit to size and if you
have to have it altered it's already
there so that's why my idea was to go
look at dillards and see what they had
and see if there was anything that I
could choose them they're like I said
yesterday I still have this feeling that
what I want or ID i should say of
wanting the girls to be in different
dresses that are all black or have like
black and like a slate gray black and
maybe a floral but i want all the girls
to be happy with what they're wearing
the one thing that always sucks is that
you can it's very very rare that you get
to rewear the dress that you bought yeah
I don't think that ever happens yeah I
got lucky with Caitlyn's wedding in with
my friend Shelly's wedding where I got
to wear the same dress for both and it
was a great dress too by the way it's
Marley's birthday so happy birthday man
we're gonna celebrate later Bobby the
damn thing happy love to you everything
molding have him up it feel
that was like me trying to be like
Marilyn Monroe it didn't really work ok
so I got a pink cupcake for Marlene Zoe
and I got diesel blue one and they all
say happy birthday all right so here's
the deal guys since i moved to st. Pete
I wasn't driving so I've literally never
had the opportunity to just drive around
and get lost like I that's like one of
my first things I like to do when I
moved to a new area is drive somewhere
turn the gps off and just try to get
lost in the sense of trying to find my
way back right now i am not looking at
my gps and I'm just see if I can figure
right way home by the way I just saw a
cop when I was going to the bakery thing
yeah he waved at me looks like it goes
like that they don't like that you like
my wheels some people like it some
people don't I think I've got to figure
this out before all the something else
hopefully move ducks or geese or
whatever the hell you are move move all
right I'll go around thank you peace out
killing I'm so sorry I make you do all
the dirty work I'm trying on all the
dresses I don't you the one issue is
that a lot of my friends are like boss
for them florida or they're at state so
I'm using Kate less like guinea pig
she's helping me eliminate the ones that
she's like you know what I just don't
think that would be right which she's
not making decisions I'm making that
decision but she knows my friends and
she knows like their body types that
it's important for me to kind of like
figure that out that to like normal
brightness for you I don't know it's so
hard for me to like look at these in the
color set the Argan as I can imagine and
black was just terrible my imagination
is so much better so I like this is very
similar to the one that we tried on
yesterday but it's not as like
form-fitting down the mirror but it was
like cool little details everywhere
which I really like I'm actually very
proud of myself I did this without any
gps work I figured out where I live it's
creepy oh man would that guy's well only
forty cents I look at all the cool stuff
and half party stuff look at this tech
deck trumpets no balloons from Riley
Riley hates balloons for them well the
main would be in the back yeah that's
that's kinda like what I had like 10
years ago the mainland Backhouse turn we
can joke do you want to be a Pokemon I
could be ash see I knew his name now I
have idea I don't see if I can make your
face disappear okay so I need you to do
is two things okay first you're gonna
need to hold up I gotta do this no no no
no okay hold on you have no face just
think about all those people who put
that on our face good thing you have no
face you gotta keep going
cry if you want to cry if you want you
you would cry too if you smell like poo
the good now yay Rudy that's so funny
with diesel goes big head it's okay but
i understand i hate these cut these hats
too that's your cupcake huh so we got
birthday cupcakes for everybody but then
became best friends i have a photo I
have no video unfortunately at marley as
a puppy because i had a hard drive that
was I don't want to say stolen but was
taken years ago and as all Marley's
puppy like videos all our videos CEO she
looks like she looks like a hamster when
you hold a hamster and she's like yeah
underdog do you got yours on d good boy
unfortunately diesel is not like Sonia
Marley and you can only have him wear a
hat for about point two seconds we're
gonna give him cupcakes because we
actually didn't get to celebrate
Diesel's birthday which I'm not sure if
this makes me a good or a bad mom but I
don't actually really know his exact
birthday I know it's in July but I
rescued him from someone and I'm someone
who could not take care of him anymore
and they did not give me the exact date
of his birth you're perfect I say it's a
birthday today because Charles said it
was and I like a weary she ate you know
there's from now on oh god I don't think
Miley's gonna want to be twins with him
you guys want your cupcakes you knew
Paul can't double Paul here it was sick
sit down thank you look Alice ears ons
oh happy birthday Marley ain't nothing
to shreds so you anyways there's yours
though you're smart watch where she
going itu on your cupcake
diesel doesn't know what that is look
buddy it's okay you can try that try it
take a bite that's Marley's birthday
we're going for another little piece
happy birthday mar well there's like
seriously no more internet I have got to
ask you who else celebrates your dog's
birthday like that I always feel kind of
not embarrassed but I always feel like
very like we're the only ones that do
goofy things like I like it though I
garden party hats I like doing it
because I mean there there are best
friends yeah maybe drugs like so much
Marley's currently in a cupcake coma
right now well you want a cookie you
want to care it you want a cupcake you
want a cupcake you want to care it you
want to carry seriously nothing's
working right now you like birthday girl
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always bye guys
