yeah I feel like a dirty me why
sleepyhead
you look really comfy good morning bud
well there's that good morning guys it
is about to rain at any moment even
though it looks beautiful right now
while the contrast between your shirt
and the Sun and the sky is actually
pretty great it looks like a really bad
HDR photo you know like when somebody
has no idea what they're doing with
filters like Instagram back in the day
and they would just put HDR HDR HDR
we're gonna try to get back into doing
like daily runs yep
I fit in the suit already so got it stay
fit for anyone who doesn't know what
she's talking about the movie actually
talks like that constantly of concerns
with the venue because some dates that
we have in mind and we don't know if
they're completely like available now
because we have a Wii the King tour
coming up and I think we want to make
sure it doesn't like kind of override
everything I'd like not to go on tour go
get married and go back on tour or if I
do it I want to go on tour for only a
little bit of time so that way we can go
on a honeymoon yes um oh yeah Wow
yes I'm gonna be good what in Orlando
the rentals peace Hertz blah blah blah
and that's for that
it's like cut the building that we're
looking at please start looking at and
then for every extra hours that much but
still it's less than those places but
this is a pokey stop I recently found
out this is a pokey stop so I got a
pokey time hose I run so stupid to do it
a little there let's do a run in the
middle the afternoon in Florida and we
don't have a pool
can you spring me down with a hose
Ali is going to Ohio I believe this
weekend to work on some wedding dress
information that you guys are gonna find
out literally this weekend on what's
going on it's actually really really
really cool but what they said is to
come here to kind of find so maybe
bridesmaid dress my sister is trying to
help me figure out some bridesmaids
dresses it is what I want it's not
necessarily good the traditional
bridesmaids dress and I'm trying to go
with like different styles and different
looks plan of us certainly I think you
should just do this everyone just has
jeans happen the jeans of white shirts I
actually really like that but I don't
think that's gonna be what I'm looking
for but I do like the iqaf floral print
i like that for me right do you need a
white dress baby I know maybe everyone
wears these I'm trying to find some
dresses just joking around apparently I
found one actually they both the young
lady's helping us out and alli both way
all right that's the - wait how about
this one this one fluffy some funny ones
I am a just holder right now or hang out
whatever you guys want to call it
there's such a trooper I'm trying to do
something a little bit different with
the bridesmaids dresses I didn't really
necessarily want to go to like a bridal
boutique for them because all of my
friends I wanted them to get something a
little bit different so my sister gave
me this idea of going to like a
department store like Dillard's or JC
Penney's or Macy's and seeing if they
had anything there because I want to try
in two different dresses for the girls
but basically I have the color scheme
that I'm looking at and I'm trying to
find dresses based off that makes sense
right so that's what I'm gonna do
try not a few of them my sister's on our
way here but I guess I wanted to see
what
look like next to each other and they
don't have two of the girls here right
now to do that so Kaitlyn's gonna come
and we're going to stand side by side
and see what works this is an idea for
women's dresses it's pretty nice she's
helping us right now so we don't lose
our minds you did help with awesome
shoes too I was like just watching those
when you were walking I'm a converse fan
I know it's weird but my sister's here
she didn't want me trying it yeah she
does want me to try on I use kind of was
I can't really tell mastermind right so
I think it looks good yeah you got a big
old butt what you got a big old butt but
did he deal but I think like this it's
like we were talking about like it's
like you always see like bridesmaids
dresses are pretty but like you can only
wear them at that wedding so Ali Ali's
trying to figure out like a way to like
kind of make a nice dress to make it
match with everything and a dress that
people can wear outside the wedding
it's like practicality and like actually
like somebody could say you did like my
other ones cuz I got to wear the same
bridesmaid's dress for my best friend
Chanel he's letting hammering sister's
wedding so that was like it made
worthwhile
yeah but Lexie as much I believe that
dress looked Lexie Lexie even told you
she's like the dress is so bad she's
like I hated it it was a cool dress
where's your tiny little your little
prom dress that I picked out you're not
bringing in this one oh it's in here
that's not it hi there's a little prom
dress I think used to try it I
see the alterations I mean alternative
ones are you holding it yeah alright
don't hold it
really second Angelina Jolie dress yeah
that's how she walks at all time
whenever she walks that's how she walks
and she even holds her dress in the back
if you had a red Jessica Rabbit that'd
be amazing
look who came Kate okay so obviously a
new Kaelyn but this is that dress I just
tried on and it looks great on you k I
like it do you like it I do it's very
cool cooling it's also got this like
trail in the back I think I just girl
you look like wow I do think that like
one I know you guys like it I think I'll
put the girls really well it's perfect
as simple is elegant that's going and it
won't take away from one takeaway for us
I just like it I think it looks
comfortable on the casual so here's the
full effect I like it a turn so you can
come in combat boots right walk forward
a little yeah I met were slippers
I like it Kate I liked her out all right
so this was one idea doing the
variations so Caitlin's and the one with
a slit and then they haven't seen the
twist where the ones coming out in
purple Ally's dress is gonna be a
fuchsia fuchsia
I'm the maroon Ali's and fuchsia we're
letting me design the wedding because
I'm colorblind
it doesn't look as bad as I actually
thought it was gonna look is super
shredder yeah that's not exactly Howard
oh I didn't notice Caitlin's little
foo-foo thing it's like you can sweep
the floor as you walk good we don't have
to clean it we don't to clean up after
the wedding look so Caitlin walk around
I'm actually kind of impressed out that
doesn't look as bad as I thought it was
:
yeah I mean it's not amazing but it
doesn't look there's a point forward or
something trick everyone so I didn't say
we had to are you got two anyway that
was pretty successful I think you had
fun I had fun there's good timing that's
a lot of fun I think it's kind of cool
like I actually helped up with a couple
of the ideas more than I think you did
yeah Charles really did help out I can't
I don't know what I'm gonna do for the
guys and I'm coming up with dresses or
black suits that's what we decided done
yeah but there's gonna be a variation
right I mean it's gonna be a certain
type of suit oh you know I mean like
they can't come in like Travis knowing
trav you can't come in a pin sites in
pinstripe suit or a one true love come
here next to the trap comes his white
suit that he got married in but guys
good I mean it's good black right here
and it's a suit you can get out by
yourself but you can't get back in
that's the problem isn't it come on
peanut
what are you doing though get in there
you're looking for some lizards come on
buddy
