that's for the lollipop I am NOT asking
for a while I thought she that's cool
can I have a lollipop I'm so sorry yeah
I got one the best way to start the day
yes I know to all but lady is our log up
in there this too I got two lollipops
thank you now we're working on new shirt
design oh yeah I forgot to tell you guys
that so Ali and I and with our friends
Tim and Joel from free clothing I've
been working on some new shirt designs
we want to get this in time for the
holidays christmas is coming up and we
just kind of want to come out a few new
ones yeah so we are working on those and
we will get those as soon as possible
also actually guys like the new outro
that I made my friend Roberto help me
with a couple of things but the one I
just kind of wanted to make it nice and
simple and clean and those new
annotations I don't know if you guys
have noticed youtube has these things
called you guys remember cards cars are
those stupid things I shouldn't say
stupid cuz they're very helpful thanks
sorry those things that you see yet
thinking of the eye at the top right of
this video if you click that I drops
down some stuff it works on mobile as
well as a desktop they release something
very similar you know at the end of our
video I'm all over the place guys at the
end of our video we listed the yesterday
video and tomorrow video of those little
boxes and you click it would take you to
the next video the only issue with those
things is that it never worked on mobile
devices and now they released a beta
version of that but it now works for
mobile devices so that's our new outro
if you guys were wondering what what
those clickable thinks hard if you're on
their phone or mobile device you can
actually click those things so they're
actually clickable and it actually works
so I just wanted to let you guys know
you had no idea what those are
and that I was hoping that would make it
a little easier for people to build a
watch on mobile devices because I found
even I'm watching a video on like mobile
devices i get so frustrated but i can't
click something that somebody has like
set up is like click here for tomorrow's
video dance for me monkey now I'm
keeping it off these are not ones or
what's a 20th yeah I know I thought you
were worth more than a 1 i'll give you a
lollipop for 20 oh 440 walking that
small I hate to say this I don't want to
come off in the wrong way but being tall
my strides are nice and long so i can
like get away you know I think none of
this makes it's like between Marley and
yeah pretty ground Marley and then pray
same five steps I'm already like 15 feet
that's good boy Marley 70 steps she's
about ten feet from me so what was the
point of what you're doing I don't know
let's just stop okay I don't make sense
oh I don't know what today's a weird day
because the weather's all it's like do
you ever get in these funks don't know
whether is off
and it just makes you feel like out of
it innocent oh my God look at this one
come pick Jim oktoberfest pooches get
this for Marley little hat and
everything I think Marley should be good
down Marley is the dougie devil no one
kicked other dogs don't give a crap
about it Marley just looks hilarious
apparently Marley has been sneaking off
in the middle of the night and using it
as the lawn I think what happens is
morally doesn't want really dance I
think it's been kind of like her she
gets upset cuz nervous yeah need to put
a camera down there so she's gonna tell
you that we should do that because I
don't think my Marley is not like an
untrained dog no she's probably the most
trained at all she just I think I really
do think maybe cuz she's getting Aldo
her bladder is getting smaller I think
she's doing it cuz she's a smart dog she
does things on purpose yeah she is she
does things on purpose kind of like the
idea of a really tough road before so
it's hard what about this great one I
was kind of nice mom is so nice feel so
good had the wall what
what a coward rug my carriage otherwise
like it's just a weird color looks like
a cow looks like a cow it's a Cal rug
rather than going to the home depot or
Target and just getting a random piece
of carpet for those rugs you thought
you'd be a little bit smarter and go to
an actual carpet place and maybe get a
more custom to the house is it possible
i just got my foot on tonight some
carpet how do they make carpet I always
wondered that place really why don't
give any 12 no well there is a storm a
brewin look at that are you frightened I
am frightened thanks super freak I'm
super fighting everybody see my
frightened face so we got smart and
decided to actually go to a carpet place
and maybe get more custom carpets versus
working with what we have these are
three we came up with so what do you
guys think one two or three let us know
in the comments well yes and it looks
this looks kind of similar to our one
that we have now but I think this would
look kind of cool because it's brown
flooring I think that the blue the Grays
in the brown I'm a little personable
three but I want to know your guys
opinion one two or three let us know in
the comments you get it did you get it
or did you get it what numbers did you
get it all the random things that you
typically don't want to do or you kind
of just like push back to do we've done
we've done them today like ain't we've
been procrastinating for a long long
time and we are succeeding yeah so our
procrastination has ended here I feel
like this is just like what is funky
days whether it's making a spunky we're
doing bizarre things that are like
important but not really important
sent however toilet paper that's pretty
important we do need I'm glad we had
toilet paper did you tell him the funny
little thing about Ali was making a fun
point that it costs so much I'm nice
don't watch but cost a good amount of
money to just wipe your own ass yes it's
so expensive we're in target and i was
looking at all the different like you
know you could get the super roll you
can which gives you you know two times
the toilet paper and one roll but you
get eight of them and that cost you
twenty dollars I'm that's crazy to me
that is crazy to me to think that to do
something that everyone has to do which
is wipe your butt and wipe your other
areas it's gonna cost you so much money
can you imagine if you had to think like
I can either feed myself or wipe my ass
that is a weird that's some heavy heavy
right I told I'm intended handy I found
myself obsessed with again falafel and
Ali started getting really obsessed with
it too but here's the thing I've never
actually made it myself we're gonna try
hopefully successfully to make like a
falafel I feel like we can do it because
I think the hardest thing I have ever
made was sesame chicken is actually kind
of complicated I've already told you
guys this is good ingredients let's make
chicken for my Chinese food places it's
ketchup I know it ruins everything for a
lot of people but that's what it
actually is a good ingredient what
because Allie hates ketchup everyone was
one of the first fancy meals that I
actually made for and then later after
that I found out she hated ketchup
she didn't even tell I saw this tumblr
this morning actually it's called
pressure washer porn and it's basically
just before and afters of people like
pressure washer and things like for
example this it's unbelievably
satisfying to see before and afters of
just simply doing this this is before
we're going to come back for an after
and after and as stupid as that sounds
that makes me so freaking happy thank
you Mark he'll be right back down you
can put it down down
we all know Marley is part bird so we
decided to make her a peacock actually
it's her birthday in two days well
there's your birthday in two days come
on only one of your bird got to be a big
 let me fly
you because what is the first word you
want to say as a peacock can't take it
off I mean I could but I don't want you
right now what do you want to see the
world hey big guy I love how the but
just flops up she's like a any action
figure should go in any costume in any
position hey Zoey birds Jack get a big
old head you got a bird head oh she
seems less than amused soda oh you're
like I'm too old for this why are you
guys still doing this to me okay you
just leave me alone the calmest 100 is
leave me alone all right let's easties
alike i hate humans diesels head so big
it barely fits him yes hi anthem now
guess what the bird gets cat usually
it's kat gets the bird came to see it
cuz his big head so here's the thing
ladies and gents I have never made
falafel in my life actually my first
time having falafel was a few days to
know if you disco probably like two
weeks ago with Charles I really really
like it I don't know if you all have
tried it but it's very good we don't
have a food processor we only have your
handy-dandy Vitamix which is AK a
blender and you said it does the same
thing pretty much right I feel like two
monsters I zoom June you can control
input yeah but I think of blenders like
well it's like a constant thing but I
feel like we could actually can kind of
control it it only has a higher low but
I guess we're gonna see this is gonna
work or not
I didn't know when to get you one
there's chocolate
let the feast begin you know what they
look like they look at peanut butter
cookies yeah they kind of do don't they
yeah me with a peanut butter cookies
they're not balls but we don't got balls
good job girls for not eating everything
so please pass out tonight though I get
briefly scared that wasn't going to be
there check out the little annotations
or you come up right now and you can see
what I was talking about earlier in the
video hope you enjoyed today's video
I'll see you guys tomorrow always bye
guys just like your night
you
