so good morning Internet I just woke up
Charles and you know that scene like in
any Dracula movie where he like arises
out of his coffin like down and then
he's like wide awake like up in your
face where it almost shocked see you
that's exactly what he looked like when
i just woke him up so I decided that I
was gonna wake him up a little bit
earlier today because you know why not
yeah we got a starter day a little bit
earlier and we're gonna go do some fun
stuff today and get this done we're
going to be productive did you guys
catch all of that I went ahead and I
made him a delicious egg sandwich ummm
got him some bananas too good healthy
breakfast so I'm gonna go try and get
him out of bed yet again and then we're
gonna go ahead and start her today sorry
I'm a little wired I don't really
understand oh no i didn't have comio
just a morning nope that's not where you
go but remember what we talked about
yesterday we're like we're gonna be more
productive today okay so get your butt
up I got you a few gifts watermelon hard
candies yum yum yum yum so those are for
you know I can't language cracker barrel
that's why I made you breakfast I felt
really bad but those of you who have
never been cracker barrel it's like the
best breakfast place ever well it's I
wouldn't call it the best but it's
definitely one of the like most homey
feeling kind of restaurants when it
comes to breakfast and I love it so I
kind of reproduce what I have for
breakfast so that's why he's having his
egg sandwich with tomato on it if you
like it mm-hmm well you gotta eat it so
it's called like it's like an old
country store in there and I went by the
area where they have their sodas and I
was like oh my god so these are really
really cool and I think I was more drawn
to the name of them rather than the
flavor of the soda so I ended up getting
Charles a few of them so go ahead and
lift him up and see what you have do you
want me to pull him out for you okay
pooj or juice yes so there's on is
Kickapoo joy juice are those dads I've
never heard of that before dad said nope
weird color so dads blue cream soda
cheerwine have heard of before but I got
you cheer wine beer and then some birch
beer that's good this color is like
fluorescent I know right but Kickapoo
joy juice this is funny I've never heard
of that I've never heard of it either I
just wanted to get you some stuff
because you couldn't go to cracker well
with me this is not sponsorship by the
way yes oh I look we had this like
perfectly like oh there you go but hey
Kirk real if you install dress but I
thought they were so funny cuz i know
you always like finding those like weird
drinks and I just thought these were
kind of funny Kickapoo joy juice just
for you babe that's real cute this is
what happens every time marley just
waits for diesel to finish so she can
clean the bowl is this the doggie
dishwasher it takes so long is a super
slow eater didn't get dirty and away
from me this cali heavily like the king
of the mountain
I will not lose I will not do this
you're gonna lose this one who grabbed
those like you're right though no I
don't want to hurt her she's okay wake
up on Sunday morning so he being the ref
you see this this is illegal moves legal
moves i buy this illegal you ditching
that's illegal you in are you still
waiting there Marv cleanup time buddy
kind of like me oh you don't like it
either hmm what is it his dog food yeah
nobody likes it it's just extra slogged
on good feel like he leave stuff for her
now the funny walks of our three dogs
Zoe prances Marley wiggles and diesel
kind of just walks very low to the
ground I don't know if you can tell he
creeps that's what he does no Ali
prances as well I've always laughed at
how each dog has a distinct way of
walking diesel gave up I'm just you tap
it out nope nope
we lost him he's done there's all the
pre frogs or the tadpoles how long does
it take them to turn into a frog I
remember how I used to get from all time
tadpoles are so cool because it's like I
shouldn't say proof of evolution but
it's just cool to see well I guess it is
proof of evolution but it's a way of
seeing it don't eat the tadpole Ali got
into Photoshop and BTW what's called a
photo book Rihanna's sing like it's a
really good if you create a board like
the colors I like the vibe that you're
trying to go for was the one I did it
kind of it can make it more clear do
because at first sight other colors in
there
it's kind of like an old-school interest
before pictures is Pinterest yeah basic
basically
she said it at me so this is our little
memory board or thinking board or the
hell is gold whatever she is called
ex-priest inspiration board since i'm
gonna call you might want to just pause
it a good time
area what is this little yellow these
fake things I my teeth are yellow what
things I kind of happens i remember when
having braces we were just talking about
that was I talking to you like you need
clear braces you know all clear braces
no one's gonna know I have braces but
you're forgetting the fact that you have
metal going across your teeth and it
becomes like a even more hassle because
of those white little things become it
uh what are you talking to it was it
they make those little a little white
things that you like all too clear no
one could see him they start turning
yellow line everything's alized I
remember like I'm on Halloween I
remember getting orange and black so
then I had the horns of black my teeth
and it was the most ridiculous thing in
my entire childhood
I'm genuinely trying not to do oh yeah
alright so we decided to come out here
since this is now becoming a least
favorite thing because he's really
really good at it no you're good because
you're so cool come here Danny like them
here we try so hard and we end up
sucking so bad
well let's give me a long day you got
this bed so obviously charles and i are
not the golfers you got Babe Ruth it
right now which one are you going for
that's not babe ruth that you had a boy
to it and get it okay it's still not
quite it but it's done no that's still
going in come on solid father fuck off
they won a the woods
the female work I love that matter
trying to sabotage me
and she's beating me by 10 points go for
the one struck babe
okay that's not where the truck is the
point
back
oh you give you a wood again look at you
gave me the wrong again don't believe
our me you need is not paying attention
Sabaton I'm conceding Ali's kicking my
ass actually not really 65 263
least you're getting in my eyes just
like freaking casting everything I think
you're going to win this you have to get
a zero well you better get a super
awesome one check out the rainbow
rainbow is here to give you special
powers bed yeah there's that real go
give you powers that way you can win is
just got to keep getting in a hole
because if you get double points yeah
that's all you have to do since I didn't
say teach us your ways you can literally
just keep going yellow yellow yellow
which is shoveling yourself
I don't know what's going on I have
zeros straight up Ali's got zero
straight up yeah right now we both don't
have anything to lose
the game see it anymore so they are
winning streak right here
we were actually trying to go for all
zeros and you just ruined it no I don't
want a shot you know what heroes ours
are kisses okay you sure got a whole
bucket kisses internet is it x a hug or
a kiss when you do XOXO climate summit
I want to be able to be a poor
the witness kept it really is
it's for the win
well this when it went in hey that's the
perfect one nowadays when watching scary
movie
it's one of those cool places where he
had awesome
they have like restaurants
coo coo
early the movie watch the company
it was pretty terrifying
