what do you want what are you doing
those dog eyes I look crazy right now
super crazy I have just met up with this
lovely little lady and we're gonna go
for more not focusing Oh crazy right now
my hair is weirding out for a nice
little walk this morning
y'all like done already like I feel
pretty productive on a Saturday morning
ocean feels the day that you should
sleep in and not really worry about
things well I already get the vlog
already I answered all my emails I made
a few calls this morning I feel good I
never noticed that building over there
the teal color right like Miami Beach
South Beach baby some of the venues that
we like are like the venues that we're
tossing between there's like two in st.
P and there's two in Tampa
we're just indecisive people but they're
talking about where we would have the
actual ceremony because on all honesty
would probably wouldn't have it at those
venues maybe one of the venues who would
but the other three we're not really
sure about if we're actually gonna do a
ceremony at those places I don't really
want to do the beachy thing hello and I
don't really want to be cheating so I
don't know the planning is difficult I
don't know how you did it
the group yeah once you start it it's
not as bad as what you think yeah
especially if you have a wedding planner
you'll it'll help a lot
well there you go thank God we have
Briana's and you don't have to worry
about all the little details looking
around in this blazing hot weather is
really making me contemplate about
October so I'm glad we're you have
decided in March
it's like mid September what kind of mid
September it's mid September and if we
were to get married we're thinking about
the beginning of October and if it's
this hot I couldn't do it so March good
idea I was not I did not want to do it
or March but I feel a lot more confident
Kalyn was already playing the match
because we've done something similar to
it before with another friend and it was
so much fun we're realizing after you
count the amount of people that we want
to come on the table
we're gonna need really really big
hello Internet yesterday we kind of
narrowed down the wedding date in the
time that we are getting married today
we are going to go and Ally's been doing
her shopping now it's my turn to go try
to find a suit I don't want to get a tux
That's not me I'm not a tux type of guy
but the thing is I feel like finding a
men's suit it's kind of harder than
finding a wedding dress
this wedding dresses are all over the
place I feel like but to find the right
suit I sound like a bridezilla for a
dude I'm a dude Zilla and groomzilla do
they have those I'm sure there's gotta
be a groomzilla I wonder if bridezillas
or groom zilla's happen which one
happens more Jesus the stereotypical
thing would be the bridezillas but I
feel like there's some dudes out there
that are just so OCD about everything
I'm not
so we've gone to two places already one
turned out to be a dry cleaners and I
guess Google Maps or whatever didn't
update it correctly and the second one
doesn't have the color so what we were
kind of looking for is kind of like oh
we're not allowed to tell you until you
see well they're gonna see me in it so
we're kind of think it was like a little
bit darker color is not just traditional
black and white and things like that and
the last place we went to all they have
are just black and white and Grey's very
business see like a business suit
basically like a business attire so it's
nothing crazy and out of the ordinary
and we don't want like crazy like it's
polka dots or anything like that but
just different colors so we have to
drive to another place to kind of see if
they even have it I should have called
them before I've been going there but
that's how we work that's how we run
that's how we roll that's how we roll
literally is how we roll we're literally
rolling how we run yeah that's how yeah
I say a lot of stupid things sometimes I
believe that in there just so you guys
can see how stupid I am sometimes I just
say stupid things
this is carpet sitting in case you
wondered
I didn't either benign - this is the one
Ali's obsessed with so we're gonna see
if it looks kind of good on me you could
do this and the groomsmen could wear
something like that in the blue yeah the
blue oh that's pink I thought was great
how does pink I'm colorblind if you guys
didn't know should I get the Elton John
jacket we might converse they're all
scuffed already okay see it looks pink
in the camera that come for it so yeah
it definitely looks pink in the cat and
the camera bud snow definitely it's
maroon it looks really nice on you it's
just obviously it's not a size and it
needs to be tailored but do you like
that I like it a lot you look super cool
do you want a mannequin do you want a
mannequin I really like that though
that's really nice on you midnight blue
side versus black what she's gonna show
you oh no you can pick it's okay we're
gonna forget everything so this is the
only way we can remember yeah but I like
them both I think the black is is my
favorite just cuz I don't want to wear
brown shoes and things like that
I'm liking this what do you think I
think this is definitely me more so then
yeah do you like the black tie better
than the blue tank minor details but
still I like the black
I really like that yeah you look really
handsome undercover dad family dance so
we have to like I was hoping you were
gonna go for that small side he was like
30 pounds no duh I know gosh I know
Charles I like the black with it a lot
yeah looks really nice
do you like it yeah I do a lot look
handsome I think it's definitely
something and I like the pants where
they're like not puddling on the ground
looks good you look really handsome but
I want this to be something comfortable
for you like this isn't just about me I
like it so I go like this you're walking
down I can go you gonna cancel them you
look really handsome I really like it
even when the jean shorts look great
you're super classy yeah it looks good I
like it
and what's up what's up I like good whoo
baby take it off take it off I'll let
you go you can do your thing
you can do your thing I'm really really
pumped on that what do you guys think
does the suit fit me
kind of pinning down the day the exact
days we have the month oh and I see
pretzels sorry
I see Francis I got your purses
every time I come to the mall this is my
one weakness I'm gonna blame it on not
feeling good I took the medication
without eating them sometimes I just
need to get some sugar
very bizarre eating schedule we usually
have breakfast and a lot of dinner and
then like a meeting like we forget
I was get it either they totally upset
me again I was like I just have a small
group here and they're like for 30 cents
more you get a large and I was like all
right
why
I was like trying to get pants on you
look great so guys the pants were
totally too too small guys do you think
you got the suit
I got it
I did too I think that's it's totally me
I didn't want to do just a traditional
like standard like blue or black or gray
we walked by this a long time ago I'd
say months ago we've just kind of like
fell in love with it months ago so we
had to go back these people was still
there luckily with still there your
mom's use it emoji my heart it just you
want to show everybody what Melissa
taught you guys and that we've kind of
adopted so the girls have always been
crazy since they're puppies so well this
always used to do this and she showed us
to this so we can pick them all see it
so it's it wants it patty yeah okay
she's already she's like give me your
pot okay so we do high fives get it oh
honey Albert girl low five sit down okay
ha okay you know what I'm gonna make you
do Marley come in sit cricket nope we're
breakdancer you're doing extra work man
she's like please just make me please
thank you good girl that's it thank you
that's better good girl and you're just
lucky it's like what about me I'm sorry
but I'm gonna get yourself ready very
good boy
your next call good boy he's calm now
Charles sit shake what you're doing
there bud I love the lake out you look
so cool and then you go and do whatever
you're about to do
yeah I don't know how that that is hi
you look really cute
yeah I know right for real there's a
little gecko somewhere underneath here
he crawled underneath the floorboards
not like the floorboards felt like a
none of what you would call this right
yeah yeah
don't turn it on or anything thank you
for trying to save them
oh no worries I can see that I want to
keep regarding car insurance so he'll
come out later diesel help us find a
wife all right what do you want what are
you doing
those dog eyes those doey eyes huh you
want this cookie huh this is what it
takes guys get this new outro there's
always just batting at me for 45 minutes
go away already got you done you're
already in the photo so I'm trying to do
a new outro it's proven to be a little
bit more difficult to get everyone's
photos I already got you bro you already
got your turn ok good diesel guess I'm
making a mess day you're the easiest one
here you go
you're the most dainty look at this just
take the cookie take the cookie it's so
dainty do you need a white glove I
thought Zoe was the most dainty dog in
the world
yeah but that's not happening anymore
it's because she is this is a sister I'm
sorry I'll stop seriously I'll stop
sorry
really I mean no lots of it
