when one family will join another and
they will become one good morning guys
stupid weights as the worst place to put
those things
silly alec and they roll away as I told
you guys yesterday woke up at 3 in the
morning
didn't matter nothing was working I
ended up ok what happened with my credit
card of American Express
they kept cancelling the order for the
iPhone and I ended up missing the
pre-order so sucks whatever it's just a
phone but what I think I'm gonna do is
I'm going to do what I did last time and
go to a t-mobile store and actually
standing line like an idiot even worse
that's I think it's stupider than me
actually
wait waking up in the middle of the
night what I do I like gadgets I like
technology
some people like no car some people like
you know art some people like some other
things I'd like technology that's just
what it is today I got a burst of energy
for some reason and I decided to kind of
take you guys suggestion so ever since
we put this this roof which was been
amazing I love this roof the only
problem is the hovers over and the grass
doesn't seem to grow right here so you a
lot of you guys suggested maybe like
going out to here and there's like
making rocks and putting rocks or
pebbles similar to this kind of thing
but maybe a little nicer or newer they
listened to our project for the day are
you grazing like a cow oh you found a
stick
alright well I guess wasn't that cool so
we're thinking maybe a foot and a half
out and then maybe we can round it into
here and put some rocks in here
thing that blocks it so that it doesn't
I think the rocks will block it oh you
mean it's like space it oh no like uh
like uh yeah yeah I think I yeah well
come check those out
she found this Nick it looks like an
alien movie that you're just trying to
make this was creepy like like pathway I
think that's a good I think it'll get
rid of all this you didn't even started
here sorry I lost Zoey's just started
making me laugh Zoey just got me
laughing Zoey
Sally alright let's make this look
really nice and pretty so at first we
were thinking balls but then I remember
how much mulch sucks like after a year
just kind of either fades or just
dissipates flies away that's kind of
cool I literally have 30 bags of rocks
right now I'm off within the twins yet
it can't be in the ton jet it's heavy
this is super freaking heavy
makes me miss grass
this is the idea that we're having right
now sorry I just choked on the peanut
we're gonna do this nice little border
eventually we're gonna go around there
we're gonna go around there and there
and possibly over there and do some nice
rocks and pebbles well yeah he's gonna
see this for those you guys have been
watching our videos for a while remember
how it's always trying to fight the
stupid grass look completely dead okay
okay
completely dead flourishing and I think
I figured out what it might be I think
because our neighbors healthier things
have been growing like crazy that's the
Sun that should be right there and it's
totally killing the grass I blow away
problems I really like elephant ears if
I didn't like those things so much I
would have already had them I cut that
back what was I talking about oh the
idea this is actually a brainchild of
you guys because we haven't been able to
get grass ever since we got this
installed this was never here until we
uh we have a couple months maybe a year
lucky wasps just Otis you guys there
that's not happening anyway for real
this was a brainchild of you guys before
pretty Haggard pretty rough come on
Marley you know how to dig I could use
you right now no don't look at her why
do you have to come out only when she
comes out rude all right
that's literally been sitting there
since we discovered that branch you just
found it you just want to start chewing
on it again that's cool time lapse mode
you got lazy there this is my luxury
stick this isn't one we brought back
from the park that wasn't fun for the
tree whoo both honestly thought this was
gonna be a lot harder than it actually
is right now I probably say that a
little bit too soon the worst part is
that we're picking up the plugs I spent
so long actually trying to do it's
actually on a plug right now yeah that
actually annoys me remember how I said
just in the last clip that this was
easier than we thought spoke way too
soon way too soon we just had to redo
that whole section because it was not
even oh I gotta stop like saying things
before they're complete Marley gave up
Diesel's getting some lizards or
thinking he's getting a lizard but it's
really nothing
so he's eating your stick you know just
a regular day what day is it face to
Friday
you guys want to see it we need to get a
little bit more rock but come on out
though check it out so much better than
just dead grass which we still have here
but I think what we'll do is we'll try
the whole grass seed thing and maybe Ali
was saying the fact that we haven't
board it off now the water might stay in
and this grass might actually get the
grow home improvements let me know what
you guys think do you think like if we
did rocks here here and here be just too
much white everywhere I don't think so -
I think we should finish it off here I
can't be rocking malls I mean
technically true what are we gonna do
over there what are you gonna do do what
do you think guys I'm actually really
really happy with the outcome so much
nicer looking kind of keeps your eyes
off of the ugliness of the dead grass
Zoey can him pick up her damn sticks
Marly does not like it when Ellie is
hugging me Marly I think she doesn't
like it here because she thinks maybe
you're getting hurt Marly you're
protecting me I know you got a itch it's
more important yeah Miley help mine ah
well it does not like it when Ellie does
this well nose didn't do it clipped
today's the day guys were picking the
day we're gonna get married we've been
going back and forth between was it
October and March of next year and we're
actually gonna kind of narrow it down we
have the other phone of the availability
so today we're gonna figure it out and
let the venue's know yeah we gotta let
we got out we gotta set it before
somebody else steals it from us hmm
wedding planners we got a wedding a
plague coordinator wait wedding
coordinator a wedding person because it
was kind of like overwhelming us she was
really nice what's your name you breathe
Brianna she's breathe where he's gonna
call it breathing she's cool
I'm sure you guys will meet eventually
she didn't she helped us out a lot
before like anything was confirmed which
I thought was really incredible
yeah she was doing a lot of stuff pro
bono yeah before we were uncommitted
I say that day when I got to tell you
guys wanted to be a surprise is that
which which place is that for the but
can't do something one or two so we got
to do what she blues everything how many
eating a salad gotta fit in that
freaking wedding dress you thinking
lettuce little rabbit and there's potato
salad dude I'm just kidding
mhm Ali's like a freakin real wait how
do we do this shared with you so gross
sup bud what's you thinking I just I
just noticed it I'm not doing no this
it's not bad watch you hear that that's
where my head was cut open can you feel
it
yeah right there no great day you can
feel it on your scroll is that weird I
noticed that the last couple of haircuts
that is it this side of my head
yeah it's obviously the side of a head
which side of my head did I have a brain
surgery
definitely the side that you can
sometimes see the scar I've noticed that
when holding up the camera away from my
face that you guys can see it sometimes
so I don't know if you guys have ever
been wondering but I like this and you
guys see something like that
that's actually what it is cuz you can
feel it so here's my head goes all the
way around and then it goes like this
little indentation here and then comes
down this is full but you can feel a
little divot it's really freakin weird
we've gone to a few venues some of them
we actually didn't film in the vlog so
we're kind of doing a pro and con list
right now sorry Sally
no I'm saying all the pros and she's
like no this is the car he'll say he'll
be like Holland I would say built-in
lighting and they said well I'm probably
gonna want to change that anyways he
goes oh that's not how you do drew
that's a car
I didn't that's not a negative that
stuff that's just me stating something
but I was here for that one but to me
that's not a comment it's just that
possibility of changing Lighting's dupa
dupa severe pro would be intimate
feeling okay yeah we've got intimate one
has valet one has that so that has valet
dad's valet um they have your built-in
lighting which you're very excited about
yes I'm very excited about building like
for you to do in everyone I kind of feel
bad that we didn't film all these venues
I guess it's actually kind of better
that way cuz it's more of a surprise the
little pros we have any more pros I know
we can go back to friends let's go to
cons okay cons
smaller smaller so I guess you can call
it multiple locations would be needed
however one thing that I do like about
it a pro I'm gonna go back to progress
that we could do this
trust there so we have finally decided
on a month close to our faces cuz he
zoomed it in guess email do you want to
tell him what month were gonna get
married in we have decided that the
month of the month gotta help me out
I feel March octa March is when we're
getting married guys actually we decided
on the month doesn't stop we're decided
on the month of March is what we're
planning on getting married 2017 I
wanted October of next year but we
wanted cold weather and it's not it's
not gonna happen if we were in any other
state it would make sense it wouldn't
make sense it's already right now I've
made made up it it's already right now
in mid-september and it's still like 95
degrees sorry signor Harris so we
decided that we wanted something cold
and November in October you are usually
in most case scenarios and we're out
like around the world where things start
getting cold Florida it doesn't actually
happen it's unpredictable it's more like
it could be cold but you really don't
know like last year it was really really
warm but it could be cold but the
potential of it being cold is very slim
yeah exactly and March is always really
really nice and cool I don't want to say
cold in Florida but cool so the month of
March that's what it's happening guys
when one family will join another and
they will become one I have a mask end
so we wanted a unibrow right now yeah
get it when family when one to feel
these become lens just an idiot yeah
it's well you go away you go away make
everyone watching the video good sleep
you can't do everyone watching this clip
is now getting sleepy mm-hmm
good I do he gave up
