I'm going to start we're boring to show
us the iphone what I like clapping some
people watch sports i watch what are
these are gold they're gonna real-time
do it they've never done this before
Steve Jobs never do this ready I never
thought I was gonna pull you away all
right I puppies I love you be good we'll
be back let's do this
don't judge me hey good morning guys
guess what we're doing today we're
checking out and we're meeting up with
our wedding planner that would possibly
gonna be hiring and our new venue that
we're going to check out that we have
been given and if you check out a few
another one and yes I folk throw the
iphone I gotta get off the phone pause
the camera oh you're back so kind of
like what we're looking at earlier just
kind of like the industrial more our
style stuff and look bizarre if I got to
show you this so you can get like Mary
like right here and have this all behind
you answers look so cool I feel like I
don't know love this this looks freaking
cool scrap this was another idea maybe
doing it in an alley alley getting
married in an alley corny jokes dad
jokes I know dad jokes for days is the
other cool part about this thing is that
maybe spiders so we can get married over
there or if we got married in the
alleyway and we can push people into
this area which is fully air
conditioning that that industrial feel
obviously and they would do different
hard work but you know we kind of like
and if you relate the cocktail hour kind
of whatever wherever we escape to go
take photos which is cool because Tampa
and st. Pete have amazing murals and
cool places to don't take photos that
are very similar to this then everyone
can come back and then maybe we can do
something like you know like our dining
room table your house I got what they
call it a picnic bench table we could do
all those things and then we kind of do
like a tea right there and then maybe
down there I mean I don't know so yeah
yo you'll need a wedding planner
eventually she's really cool she's
actually hoping us right now and a lot
of these bricks a really cool method of
matters for the wedding Grover hundred
and something years old so that's why
Ali's we be drawn to this because she's
really into it
the industrial historic areas of places
around this area back and forth i don't
know i like that archway though that
archway is freaking phenomenal this is I
mean a search play right here it's so
amazing i can imagine it looking so cool
photos and video by ralphs feel
emotionally why is that a punch is that
a punch buggy yes the beetle weird place
for you I don't I call it a needle now
move out we got that like a ton uh-huh I
don't know I don't know why they called
it a beetle cuz it looked like a beetle
was that the name is it called a beetle
or that's just an egg now is it called a
bug now that were you saying it was all
really I'm learning things right now
we're deciding right now between october
and march because of just the venue
conflicts and friday and saturday and
and he so much with heat yesterday I
showed you guys the SD card of Ali's to
assess second SD card and probably a
couple months they've just you know like
when plastic kind of like brats it's
like plastic rod whatever you want to
call it just that's kind of what happens
I've had him so long I mean most people
don't take an SD card out every single
day three times a day so I think we've
kind of killed three SD cards luckily
they're cheap nowadays not my fault it's
plastic rock
mmm this is Henry we're hungry that's
Henry that's Herbert That's Gary that's
John there's two females in there oh no
that's fence wall right there expense
well oh shi shi no look at she's poops
everywhere she can't take her anyway oh
that's Margaret you can't take Margaret
Margaret pick pick up your margar
got it they're so cute but opposite the
sperm I think they well I don't think
that they're that comfortable what are
these called finches you would be your
super picky
one leads to the sandwich
sod wage that's really cute
your eyes are like going cross-eyed
right now in the back guys yeah you're
going number
you look real attractive if I came up to
you like it's a rubber grab her number
like that I probably would say no look
like every bad hit me was always even
something I now right if you guys ever
noticed that Brad Pitt it's always
eating something and he's always doing
your very disgusting it was like
verses 11 Fight Club are two specific
that is true who's coming home we
noticed in the storm that the the long
guys weren't able to you know do the
lawn because everything was flooding we
have an abundance of sticks everywhere
and limbs jeez that's just like a
fricking branch oh come on Joey you're
good at this get a stick come on help me
out get it here get it good job bring
that to the trash can no don't eat it
enjoy this is a good one here get that
one that's a good one you don't like a
deer what that one that's in tiny go
take it over there so we forget about it
Zoey stupid tree branches everywhere all
right where do you want to push them
where we're down there you want to push
them right down there hey dude it's our
neighbor's dog dude that's cool what's
up dude we're totally not getting clean
no bass at all come on little dude we're
totally not getting bass we're
definitely not getting those we're
getting all muddy that's what we're
doing actually i lied i felt a little
guilty so i decided to take them for a
little bit of a walk so they can get out
nice and dirty I'm letting Zoe walk in
this disgusting water just so they can
get a bath cleaner because they're gonna
get cleaned right after this so enjoy
the mud guys I think diesel peed on
Marley twice that's the thing about
diesel you just picks up his freaking
leg and he doesn't pay attention and he
always pees on Marley because Marley is
always very interested in everything and
apparently they both like the same
things he's always pees on her head it's
so funny do watch is probably gonna
happen right now do they like the same
stuff Marley's gonna pee on it maday see
these will come on stop peeing on Marley
see what I mean
you just drink your head around Marley
can't figure out if she's happy or not
what's that
you guys see it don't step on it
till you left over the worm
all right where I'm going to grass this
is not the place to be he's willing to
die we eaten by a bird there you go so
after a few days with his giant beanbag
I love it but the only problem is
there's very little room for it I think
what I'm going to try to do so to move
the dog bed maybe over here or somewhere
else like in the area and then push this
thing into the corner I think it might
be a little bit better don't worry I'm
not taking a dog better way it's Stan
just gonna move it somewhere what are
you trying to find in there you want
your zubat that we look for your scent
to pee we looking for
gotta get this thing up the freaking I
don't know how this is going to happen
well we got it up here now we got to
reorganize here and I want to start
playing some video games I came up here
and I was like oh yeah forgot about that
I think we've been up here since we took
the couch from downstairs and we brought
it up here I got up here and I
immediately got distracted what's going
on come on I got two balls on the couch
just need one more okay on this one okay
one more ball come on to the montr√©al
hey what it goes directly down the
center hopefully horse this has
never happened before gonna gonna guys
well I'm just finishing the video right
now catching up on the whole apple kind
of keynote thing because I had to leave
to go to the wedding venue in the middle
of everything which is way more
important but you know me I'm all about
the gadgets in the technology it's funny
because every single vlog at the same
time the release an iphone I've done
probably the same exact thing I just
geeked out and was a huge nerd but it's
just what I do whether or not it's any
piece of technology i know there's
always a people i hate apple and people
that I love apple and all that stuff
that aside I don't care because the
reason why I'm really stoked about this
is because I make videos for a living
that's what I do and the fact that these
these cell phones are now becoming so
good with their camera it's making it so
much easier to capture like moments and
I think as a vlogger or anybody does
anything on youtube so long as you turn
your phone sideways we're all good that
should be actually 101 I think every
single person who gets like a phone
before they can actually do anything on
it they have to be trained to turn their
their phone whether it's a samsung or
droid or an iPhone sideways so it
doesn't do that stupid vertical thing
totally just one off on some sort of
tangent are you guys pretty stoked about
the fact that these these cameras are
get
so freaking awesome their full out of
these are 4k this camera doesn't even do
4k and my phone does 4k that blows me
away and that rhymed I didn't mean to
try to do that dad jokes for days I
don't know nothing makes sense what I'm
trying to say anyway I just want to say
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video let me know in the
comments guys what you think about the
new phone I'll also tell me in the
comments guys what you thought about
that that new venue that we went to go
check out today I definitely think it's
one of the most beautiful venues we've
seen that archway was just freaking
amazing and I just it's i could just for
see how we'll look the way we want to
make it actually happen and it just it
just kind of screams us I don't know
just there's a couple venues we're going
back and forth and I guess we got to
narrow that bat down first I guess we
gotta narrow down a month because we're
still kind of up in the air with that
whole situation anyway guys thank you so
much for watching today's video I have a
great night and don't forget to
subscribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow always I guess I
contra
