we decided that we are going to just get
in the car tomorrow and just go and see
what we can find we don't know we had a
plan yeah well last time I think we were
driving we didn't know we're going and
we've got it in the hotel for like a day
and then kind of like recalibrated well
because it was last minute like we woke
up her like let's go
so there's their spot and that is it
spontaneity or annuity spontaneity
alright this one sant√© Gnaeus
spontaneous spontaneity
I think we're idiots I think it
spontaneity we just say spontaneous
let's just say respond to new it is if
you do it this way it's a word so I want
to make sure we have everything at all
situated and save that way we don't have
any issues Barragan we got new tires
just recently so there's a lot of tread
in there so we have brand new tires
I just got brand new windshield wipers
and I got to figure out how to take
these off and put them on with a new one
it seems like a simple task but simple
tasks are always the hardest for me
Randy's been beefed up like I said guys
I'm not very good at being
a cool person do you see this that is
not very easy right here girl see the
wipers no away from you and here's the
wait for it just twists and slides right
off
now be careful not to let the spring
back is it gonna break your windshield
did you do video
this is not working
it's a matter of literally wait how did
you do that are you kidding me
I'm blonde good and clever so look see
this yeah see how it's like unlocks yeah
Wow
you know who's clever I feel like an
idiot now
I'll be all right we gotta go get new
ones getting them off and on with these
ones are totally easy they'll be after
yeah after the after guys I wish we
could just get the exact same ones over
on their car looks shiny there this is
not the same one
well those are factory so they're not
gonna be the exact same that's the thing
these are all third party so oh my god
alright alright we just got a
testimonial who's the genius yeah that's
you this is what we were worried about
into someone's bag of locks
however if it goes like this comes right
off the reason why I think it's fines
cuz like if you go like this wait other
way around you like this and then goes
like that it does the same exact thing
so I'm assuming it just looks different
I think that's it I think just it
doesn't look as good or is it completely
wrong and we're screwing something up
give us some more juice
I think we're good I think it's just
ugly that's the only thing it took us
way too long but I think we did it
really buddy got you all right Christmas
is over so this has got to go she did
well but I just don't trust her now
she's getting bigger so I'm starting to
trust her a little less although she's
just lounging over here because she's
cold little monkey
oh man no more Christmas stuff turns
right
there's all the Christmas stuff when the
lights take it all the storage yeah we
were kind of cleaning up and packing
because I get said tomorrow morning
actually probably this evening we're
gonna leave for our trip we just decided
that we're gonna do it again but I was
cleaning up some stuff and trying to
pack and I found these crazy like a
seeing on TV things where like there are
perfect smile veneers I want to do a
thing where I like to buy a bunch of
as-seen-on-tv things and just try
everything and just see how ridiculous
they are all right first up now looks so
big and it's not that I said the same
moment I can't even tell just look at
that that's just the funniest looking
thing me it's so creepy looking it'll
generally looks creepy like that there's
gonna be fun I don't you have small
teeth it would work
press firmly against your teeth to get
your perfect fit apparently what I got
to do is get the boiling hot water what
I just watched the video where a dentist
and it was putting his thing good like
he's like guess what go ahead get these
get rid of your dentist perfect solution
I always slowly wait oh I'm not touching
that right now but that's a good idea I
didn't think about that
it's it's sizzling that's not too hot
oh yeah it's nevermind all right
all right in the internet world do you
think it's gonna work
hey do you think it's gonna work and B
if it's gonna look good what do you
think it's clear it's clear for the
moment shoot down
all right
ready-made the funny is like I've ever
seen sideways sideways all right take
two thank you
your teeth are sideways in your mouth
yes they're inside where his cool close
your mouth but they're inside but they
don't look good really sound creepy
what's up bad there's no way anyone
could wear these right there they're on
sideways so cuz your two front teeth are
more - uh there's no way you're right my
love I know there's no way this is all
this means naturally your whole face
looks different right yeah they're
really weird how does it feel in your
mouth honestly pretty weird there's
literally no way anyone could wear these
comfortably and go hi my name is Charles
nice to meet you
there's no way one way to really try
this is be really trying right now you
like it's like it's totally different
person really - you don't ever wear
those again I've seen on TV you guys so
what do you do when you're on a date you
just like pull them out in the bathroom
how about we go on a date and I I have I
figure out fer fer no cuz your teeth
aren't even know this that was so weird
are they not really really not at all
because you're your canines are right
here oh wait that's your meal - that's
supposed to be our office this is 1 and
this is 1 so it's completely I told you
I can't see he looks like a creep
alright guys I wanted 10 scale how sexy
do I look great
smile don't do just smile normally
alright this is being hardly smiling
okay okay she loves that stupid pig oh
you Pig there's your Pig I should wear
these out for one day you know what I
look like oh you know I look like
TJ Miller fuse we'll talk about me here
I love that scene on TV stuff it's just
ridiculous like this this is me
honestly guys you might think I'm like
exaggerating it but if I were to be
talking to you this is this is me
actually trying to talk and explain what
I'm saying right now like no joke I'm
not exaggerating totally different the
tour packing and this led to that tour
packing it just literally a couple
things and I pretty much wear it same
stuff over and over again why is it
clear okay here's the problems I don't
know where we're going yet or we have no
idea where we're going is just note
north and I don't know what the
weather's gonna be like we're at I
assume cold but at the same time it
could be really warm so I'm just trying
to basically pack as much as they
possibly can in you guys know me I
usually pack very very little alright
guys so as you can see product for my
face I'm pretty exhausted and I got
everything packed up I think it's ready
to go
Ally's just now starting I'm gonna go
edit this video we can have it uploaded
then times just get some on the road
don't forget to subscribe guys cuz the
next few days are going to literally be
an adventure because we have no idea
where we're gonna go or stay we just
know we're going that way north anyway
guys we'll see you tomorrow wherever
we're gonna be if I guys
