bye
well you've got a package a package well
you've got a package that's gross honey
I don't even know what you're doing and
I don't even want the internet to see
what you're doing below when I'm filming
I got a package actually hey couple map
to my lord now I can't even think
straight I can't ah ah I just got it now
how worth you literally just got that
and you were the one who was bouncing
around all right we're gonna stop right
there and here's one of them and I've
been like waiting for him to open it
because it's always like Christmas when
I read it looking in the mail this is
this is actually really exciting ready
yeah that is so this could be oh I
always loved how they like decide to do
the front of the book this is officially
our CTFxC in the Ripley's Believe It or
Not book this year it finally came out
go check it out was the 20 16 2016 right
ah I think that or movies the one for
the next year it's just old look at all
look at all the dolls e and mr. t dolls
would it be under Charles or in the
tribute I feel like maybe you're less
for you think it's trippy yeah yeah
yeahs 122 wow they gave us an entire
freaking page look at that I actually
met Mays that they put me in there I
back you that kind of blew my mind
you've been doing this for two years oh
my gosh so yes the body Winkle I am
healthy crap you know what we should do
Cicely they gave us two of them we
should sign one and give one away there
you are I'm eating a book remember I
took that thought I was like well maybe
I should do this that's super cool oh
okay here here's if you use CTFxC
at the checkout if you go to Ripley's
calm / books you get fifty percent off
and that way you can get the CTFxC and
their Ripley's Believe It or Not book
well that's kind of cool and it's
another package of it yay what if it's
like one of those really cool like
shrunken heads I wish they'd look they
knew we liked them cuz when we went
there it was kind of cool like you guys
like oh yes a shrunken head here hold it
really oh they're really boys you don't
help you know I think you just have to
pull it off the top no no did you get
all the way around oh yeah badging your
mouth tragedy I think that Chris's story
movie ruined that word forever for Julie
I've never seen that movie you never
seen Christmas Story oh boy they framed
it ok that is rheal right I know Zoe
it's awesome that is so cool what
Charles trying to CTFxC oh I know and
Zoe Enza and Zoe don't worry a full ball
I'm really really happy for congrats
it's like the YouTube Clark YouTube go
button this heavy ass youtube clock they
really go all out that's you yeah I
don't deserve see one right there but I
don't I don't deserve to be in there you
definitely deserve to be in there I
think you deserve to be in there you can
do in this alone I know but so Charles
tribute basis for we the kings holds the
world record for the longest consecutive
daily video blog or vlog making you tea
together every day as I for the past
seven years long healthy he never put me
under my bank center for two in 2012
it's like a sudden so copy in any
there's so many other people going
through the spray or so figured if I
could give up a bit of my privacy to
help someone I was all for you explained
right there no yeah
yeah good spot I want to double check to
make sure that the coupon code that they
gave us actually works so into really
accomplished books add it to the cart
apply the coupon CTFxC to check out yeah
works that is awesome so I got to say
thank you so much to Ripley's for not
only just putting us in the book but
giving the book fifty percent off to you
guys so we can share the CTFxC and the
record cuz look it says it's not just
mine this is you guys to see Charles
Trippy and the CTFxC well get up lazy I
literally open the door so you can look
outside stop being lazy yeah well I
don't even know how you got under there
this time everything's pushed in front
of it you little demon dog
getcha getcha you're out you're stuck
get out of there put that back nope
cannot go back under there I upgraded my
iphone to the iOS 10 beta version and I
noticed on my birthday when Shay sent me
happy birthday that the messages do
something kind of fun and I just sent a
photo of the Ripley sinks to the guys
and it did another thing i want to show
you this look at this i'm assuming
because it says congrats it does this
and i did find out on my birthday if you
type happy birthday to someone on iOS 10
balloons come up you know i just start
up right now i think i've gotten in both
the books that i loved as a kid Ripley's
engageable records were always the books
and I always wanted to buy a book fairs
other than where's waldo so the only
thing left for me to get in now is a
wheres waldo book which I feel like it
might be a little more difficult I want
to be a where's waldo book basically
what I'm saying then I'll be in all the
books I own goose bumps okay so I'm
giving alia tattoo he's get a lil wiener
and he's got a hat can I say that when
we have children I'm really glad I'm the
artistic one our child is gonna be
artistic and in different ways we
inclined client yeah as far as singing
though screwed yeah I apologize if our
future children right now in advance if
you're watching through these videos
this is the day we're both your mom and
your dad are apologizing for your
horrible horrible voice maybe they'll
actually have the greatest voice of all
time I can I cancel out like to wrong
stomach right but in this case let me
too awful voices make a great place
that's actually kind of funny we're
trying to find some stuff for Ali's
close friend who had a baby girl
oh my god is just too cute Ellie this is
so cute everything's so tiny little
pants okay morning person it's the most
wonderful time love do
pumpkin spice everything is fuckin
spiced pumpkin spice chai hot day and I
love try lattes yep mmm mmm that looks
really good man use to us on it huh
McDonough said she here is gonna play
figure it off either babe I randomly
found this mp3 my email I was trying to
find something else we were doing
swedish house mafia as Delhi word doc
you worry child we're covering that I
think was like 2014 tour and you're up
or at a 2013 tour and Europe something
like that I was do a flash cut to when
we actually played it
yeah the long time ago and Alan you
should have been trying to your gut
Hootie Hootie and the Blowfish saying
don't you worry child do what I actually
sounded more like grated wow it's Ali's
most wonderful time of year gonna get
that giant horse our school
brandy some cool this is crazy on this
one
gather here and then there's almost
seems to calm her down this makes her
move forces her to calm down calm down
calm down you're okay that's cuz i watch
she holds up honey put her down Marley
sleep the face value oh she likes girls
there's like get the hell off this
earlier we're trying to use Ali's camera
and they kept giving us like a memory
error crap and I went looked at the
memory card and it looks like another
one freaking bit the dust I'm just
really super happy there was nothing
important on this card before it kind of
killed itself you guys want to go for a
walk be stretching it's always good to
stretch let's get some exercise in yeah
sludge alright so we just did a mile who
wants to go celebrate all right forget
it well I just want to celebrate see you
Marv oh I see if Martin wants to come
down skill I want to go these mirrors
are actually kind of cool I probably
should have done this a long time ago
let's smudge on that one hey tiny dog
sit down little ugh good girl where's
that a Christmas tree so many questions
so many questions what is it September
I'm just confused right now buddy you
see hi hey I'm back Oh whoopee so zoe
has taken over on the giant beanbag and
she is not willing to share so whenever
diesel comes home she does get a little
bit angry at me so I'm allowing this
right now because they don't want her to
be angry at me he's a hey man I missed
you alright guys well today has been a
freaking awesome day I can
believe we're actually in the Ripley's
Believe It or Not look I actually got
sent two of them and Ali came up with an
idea that what we're gonna do is maybe
in the next couple days will create like
a contest and will sign it and will
personally send it to hope you guys
enjoyed today's video thank you guys so
much for watching don't forget to
subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
bye guys
brave enough and
that treasure feels like every
