oh come on this would happen right at
least it's not a hurricane I guess it's
like the plus side of this I feel like
every time I come to your house who's
always a good giant storm that's brewing
it could be that it is hurricane season
but still come on
dude you were just so sunny we are at
Caitlyn's house celebrating the day that
many babies are born mothers go into
labor and just kidding just kidding
but yes happy Labor Day to everybody out
there celebrating it to those of you who
are not celebrating I am so sorry that
you have to work today but thank you
anyways so we decided to come out and
just kind of lay out a little bit it
does look like it's gonna store him
crazy bad and a little bit but Charles
wanted to stay home with the girls and
just kind of hang out he always gets a
little bit I want to say gel all right I
don't think that's the right term but he
always gets a little frazzled after
traveling yeah he just wants to sit at
home and relax and I don't blame him I
don't blame them at all but I just
wanted to come and see my sister cuz I
haven't dated being a typical issue
right now and it always happens the day
I get back from something so we're
trying to dry some clothes and try to
catch up with everything I've noticed
for some reason or another the dryer has
been going for like 40 or 50 minutes
whatever it normally does to 19 to 7 the
two to one minute and then it shuts
itself off like super early I've been
trying to figure this out I clean the
sensor I've done any stupid things and
I've kind of get to the point where I'm
getting really
really frustrated and I'm about to go
super tool man right now and start
jabbing things but I don't want to get
electrocuted and I thought today was
just gonna be a relaxing day never is
never is where's the other one
poke that's your ear you want your book
yeah that's your face poke do yourself
is that weird
super weird isn't it
Labor Day for Charles means labor well I
think I'm gonna go get one of those
things hey Mark
hop in tell me if it works well not
quite the labor day we were expecting we
got some waves going on here and we've
got this beautiful non sunny day that's
happening but you know what there's
Caitlin here and we've got some cool
water that is not being occupied yet and
I'm laying down it's so windy out so it
actually feels really really nice we're
literally saying till it's gonna rain if
you're applauding it you know exactly
what we're talking about you'll go to
the beach and the gear like determined
to go to the beach and it's still it's
overcast and you know it's about storm
you're gonna wait for that downpour to
happen for you to leave because it
always passes well time just like blows
over so hopefully today on Labor Day
everyone's over cuz also tonight we're
gonna barbecue so do you want to come
over like a vegetarian kick so I guess
we're gonna flambe BBQ some
professionals we're gonna grill some
veggies I don't know what I was going
for right there but yeah they will grill
some cheese so I'm trying to find a lint
thing
extractor and maybe get some cocaine
maybe do they go look out here that
that's raining yeah this sucks sucks
sucks well this is what we're dealing
with doesn't look too bad but it
certainly sucks here really we got home
actually we don't really see too much
yesterday but we woke up this morning
there were like a bunch of limbs in the
backyard which we have yet to clean up
but I don't know if you guys remember
when we actually put like the gutter
guards up on that white thing that's
like going outside so that new little
area that we have that carl's the deck
they were all maybe it's still out there
I couldn't find it hit limps all over
her car there was limbs all in our front
yard
thankfully the power was on which was
the biggest thing that we were concerned
about because we got an alert yesterday
morning something yeah we gotta lure
yesterday morning that our power is out
yesterday so from my ride a or Thursday
or Friday our neighborhood that's the
power now I gotta clean this thing out
maybe hope this thing the work maybe
there so actually oh my gosh I got a
really certain
well it's my lucky shirt is it lucky if
it was stuck behind the driver I kind of
don't want to show you guys some a
little embarrassed of how much lint and
dog hair has gone behind in this thing
over the course of how long we've been
living here year and a half when I do
this I have this like issue with lint
and dirt that I always like I feel like
I always get sick from inhaling all that
crap I saw this when I was walking out
it's ridiculous
I know but I feel it might help me a
little bit I forgot the mask though but
I got gloves you know me yeah that's fun
what I do things
plus I can scare the crap out of ally
when she comes home but we like started
to feel like little drops it's clearly
here there's a lot more drops than just
a little I was really getting exciting
so I thought maybe this would blow over
I feel like I'm doing like biohazardous
cleanup right now just in a sense a fire
hazardous but definitely doing cleanup
yeah there's luncheonette yeah this
one's in there only reason why I'm
really doing this other than the fact it
wasn't working is that this is like a
severe like fire hazard I didn't I mean
to make sense thinking about it but
anybody kind of do anything together
until now
still it might be that mr. Flint point
okay
what's that show called dirty job this
isn't nearly as dirty that stuff he does
but very good clothes printed dog hair
that's after all this work
this isn't even a problem okay
safety pins crazy enough linked together
guess you can consider that treasure
just like every horror film ever is
making nervous when they go like this
guy's why'd you wake me up who are you
I found something that describes you
feel like this machine of ET feel bad
that I left now because I didn't know
you're gonna be doing this I called
those dryer plays and they said if I
don't clean out the possibility of by it
it's doing that kids or adults if your
dryers effing up first thing to do you
know why are you wearing that suit
though make sure to check my work I
think it's on there yeah check the back
though I'm pretty sure it's on that the
hardest part is getting back out it
feels like it's not in the back but
there's a lip I pushed it all the way
they literally just dropped from 4219
still didn't work guys once tear up the
grill huh love you sorry we have some
demanding little dogs down there that's
waiting out there guys you're not gonna
have fun out there all right we're gonna
grill out cuz Labor Day want to taste
something sour do you want to taste this
our nobody wants it what's the tree
what's a tree did you forget what this
was already is it too sour for you
what's all flash cut to Zoey when she
first tried of lemon for the first time
be done
The Dude's our you all you like stars up
now huh she really likes it now she's
trying to grab it for me I mean granted
I am teasing it with it you've come a
long way there's a little though veggies
hot dogs still raining whoo Labor Day
this little pan that I got a while ago
you guys actually told me to get or you
pointed out has been the greatest thing
ever for grilling vegetables
take a seat zone I'm tired I go sit down
Burke lady we're gonna do about it
oh hi you gonna come out you gonna come
out too lazy come on out come hang out
well screw you too since Labor Day is
usually tradition of hot dogs and
hamburgers and I'm obsessed with Chicago
hot dogs I decided to try to make
Chicago dogs you did really I burned the
vegetables you've gotten a little crispy
there sir a char broiler
yes you sure did EE a joke get it may
get you in a second and then you're
gonna laugh no we said no you're being
very bossy right now no she only reacts
when you say no yes yes Wow Gunther
puberty yet her leg is twitching right
now she's so antsy
