good morning Internet today's the last
day of playlist and alleys kind of
getting a little sick she had a little
pink eye ready are you talking a little
pink eye Thomas gave me this get it
cousin is big you guys are real cheese
big guy Oh dad jokes for days oh good
morning falafel again I think you see
with me you gotta be careful mm-hmm
that's very true actually efrain falafel
in washington DC more than my entire
life I have to agree I love it gonna try
to make this one you know my dad you
look just like your dad right there
that's March 11 2012 right after surgery
so I've been doing all these guys I've
been I think I've told them so vs2012 so
for years doing that photo a day
actually you know what do a quick quick
little export sleeping there
so for years of my life running right by
that's so crazy visit through all over
the world to the best part is coming up
where I've been no straight no shave
november in front of the red wall over
over again I figured since I was doing
daily videos I might as well do daily
photos when we were in Alaska oh Jenny
and trev no no yeah this is the last oh
yeah yeah it was a lesson too I remember
that stupid bear I still and when Joe
stole the Playboy grotto robe oh yeah
this is when you drew remember you're
struggling she's haria well when I went
snowboarding by myself cuz you're just
scared I was not too scared do you see
an alley right that it's because I was
down at the bottom filming I don't see
how he wesley right there
I was filming and this is like this what
watch that all right dun dun progress
failure haha progress failure the cop
pokemon for here at the meetup
it's actually a huge beat up there is
like about 15 of us in the signs kind of
crazy
there's a banana in the crowd and I'm
not really sure how this happened but I
like it so you woke up when you're like
I want to really nice i like that
beautiful what can the hairspray to use
gorgeous eyes mm-hmm yep watch your
camera everywhere I don't understand
Krista hi just the view on this is the
1i on the photos from playlist or
because of this gentleman this deck of
it together all the sleeping with sirens
for the all time over there was a shot
no okay so now we're taking back what
they said not in tutorial you're taking
photos i was going to my dinner who does
he else the outer terrible Greg maybe
where the spirit
ok
so we have to get on a plane so Ali
myself just ran through the whole crowd
hi how are you you're in the blog you
look so peaceful and quiet and i just
showed this interface here in the blog
now you're in and out to playlist has
been a freaking blast we just got done
with our meetup now we're gonna go home
and see what kind of disaster zone after
the hurricane we're dealing with my was
telling yesterday our power was out the
entire weekend that we've been gone I'm
expecting a stinky mess of food all
right let's go we're trying to get on
standby flight to get home a little bit
earlier it always helps when you're
traveling a little bit of time what
somebody can tell he's hungry yeah do
you guys remember his kids like they had
these slides and they would pinch the
crap out of you all the time but it was
okay as they can't remember the first
games I ever gave Ali
she's still got him
the sink is destroyed so they
this tell us
I wanted to separate the photo in the
ashtray thing
castrated mcclain
you can see the entire reflection of the
plane
by rights the entire trip so far we get
right now that moves Ali and I got a
book I'm loving this right now they're
finally breaking it down so like the
belts understand what children and
toddlers already not to do stand in line
I love it no more cluttering mess see
all my sometimes be happy I don't know
how we did it we did it and we're
shading off two hours
moving the hand
now we've got hope that they're
switching with bags and moving on to
this point otherwise we're just trying
same situation as a
well I was going to say you made it home
what if and said one thing never mind me
of that song you want to sing that one
on well as a terrible song I'm terrible
carols on steak are you telling your
coming that's weird like my back and all
those look here but my back first I feel
like I'm like being awkward late so I'm
like one
what's fastest escalators are always in
Florida
for impatient the fastest one is I think
it's Sarasota where it goes a quarter of
the speed
I are cute what about
somebody's got a lot of energy
I tell you that the belt of the bags are
on the other plane now moving you
already just confirmed that I confirmed
that they were on the other plane not
this point don't smile let me tell me
that I'm smiling because I know it was
gonna make you upset that sounds like
some kind of next up that's because if
she's upset that I'm smiling but because
of the fact like yeah that sounds bad no
matter what forget what I said what are
you doing Zoe don't mess up your bed oh
man come on oh my gosh oh my gosh she's
literally taking she's getting air a
little mini Marley Jordan over there
where Zoey they're over us their shizz
your back out I don't get my diesel new
diesel home hi yeah and I even touch
their sometimes get any touch it guess
what do you want bar what are you doing
look at all of the tour she's like
hoarding under there I didn't realize
look how happy you crazy dogs so this is
where your bone has been the whole time
think oh no I know I place it here am I
doing this right no that's like a nice
you can suppressing your dog well well
we are now finally home after an amazing
playlist and I just want to say thank
you guys so much for coming out and
saying hi to ally myself and it was fat
them feel like this was honestly one of
the best ones ever honestly Ali and I
were talking about on the plane I feel
like this is one of the better playlist
one of the best playlist we both been
together oh I want to say thank you guys
so much for being so amazingly
supportive and welcoming and all I got
to say now is I'm glad to be home you
guys are brand-new and we met you at
playlist so I just gotta say welcome I'm
Charles and that's alley behind the
camera and don't forget to subscribe and
with vista Marley and that's OE and
diesel is currently coming on the mall
and we will see you guys tomorrow is
always have a great night oh she looks
so happy all right good night you happy
when I say good night
you
