going out gonna leave you make good
morning Internet so we gotta go get some
coffee and then we have a couple panels
at three and four and I think the
hurricane is supposed to come closer
here today or tomorrow so we switched
our flight and we get to go home like a
couple hours earlier just to avoid that
just like I would avoid it yeah the way
welcome we were walking around Ali's
trying to get some Starbucks and we
walked into Breanna right we're gonna
Brianna Brianna I got it right what's
your name hi Samantha
yo are you sisters you guys having fun
hi are you guys actually pretty crazy
down here so the price of leave these
are new buddy Alexis as well what are
you trick this trick ready
and
I can't do that that's awesome my mom I
was just checking out where the
hurricane is I couldn't believe that it
actually came up this high
I guess the stream from Florida once it
gets past Florida you forget where it
goes insane looks like it's gonna bypass
where we're currently Florida's got some
nice rain to be dealing with I want to
open it so bad right you can't even open
it I gotta say he just killed the last
two panels didn't have a cop sergeant
took the bottle Charles is now Chris
Chris let's now Charles hey hey wait
shuddering yeah it's a secret button no
no it's a secret button moves back you
can press this one secret guy my only
keep your day job there Charles
is it dry whoa oh my god you can't move
in focus you get what you did fail
terribly did I'm not kidding that's
amazing
I like that one these are good those are
good yeah they're great
I think you should stick to blocking
though I think it's great but yeah yeah
I don't ever get to see you right that's
why I always like to do that I didn't
one right had one photo of me that was
uh recently thank you
yeah science took and I had this music
bigger than my head it was like there's
my camera do about it but my phone was
like just make sure yeah there was a
rustle in the background
I don't know so I've got a tag I can
tell you this I got a text message
two days ago saying our power went out
and I just got a text message saying our
powers back on which is awesome
everything in our refrigerator is
awesome awesome and God and completely
new but perfect timing
I would have to say everyone's kind of
gone right now Shay had to leave rafters
meetup which is exactly what I did
we're gonna do the mop today we're just
gonna kind of water off and see what we
can get into that house over there it's
like the home loan house in New York
maybe Kevin's in there maybe they
completely forgot about that's where
Macaulay Culkin that's why he's so goofy
all right now shoot right there I'm
still amazed I'm loving all this
architecture here it's so beautiful
thank you for coming Ally want to talk
about the we had a panel about how to
transition like clips and like how we do
it and like how we always say thumbs
hoes and so's how do you come up with
the right words and the right things to
say when talking about like either a
particular item or
certain thing in your blog you're
talking about words and I just goes and
so I think the biggest one if you watch
any blog so it's always a transition
what I'm trying to I actually can speak
pretty well but it does not show very
well in the blog so I'm actually gonna
get a thesaurus I can't play that with
Ethan this source is Soros do that was
better
Soros I'm just loving it um do you think
you could have a whole conversation
using slogan whole conversation yeah
well maybe maybe like a five-minute
conversation I would have to see a bunch
of them and see if it's actually
plausible it's probably got milk where
in the world is Carmen Sandiego he's got
a slogan here inside that was just an
awesome show ya know that game was Bill
Jam alright we're getting off topic
hey I love these bushes I love these
trees I love that tree I love that sign
and I love that car
kidding kidding oh look at those those
are pretty hazy I've never seen a
walking sign that has 95 seconds or this
money right now at least having some
major Marilyn Monroe actually going on
over here
keep going you're flopping like a little
flag down there it was like to dress up
baby between the other one I think that
because I have like a high flip this one
on its own
my basketball stuck my foot we are
trying to get far but we have no idea
her head
we tell this guy really we're here from
this apartment blah blah and honestly we
are so lost like this so that's super
just really three or four times by
trying your time
walked really far away it's kind of
until my day on our part human fingers
crossed that we get picked up so just
like last time we're getting a screening
of another movie they're not nothing
Shea left and Tyler and all the crew the
friction crew I currently breaking
everything down so they don't ever watch
a movie I mean I can't pose we had
before like this morning I give VidCon
trailers
I just don't sometimes find enough time
to blog because things are going to
freeze you have to go this way go this
way so it's hard sometimes to bring the
camera
I'm noticing that today Jays perfect
example of a can I have three panels
today the really kind of hard to be that
now he's been on both him so he hadn't
done like some
usually what happens she's not here
right now
girl she had your dad and mom are you
gonna say hi you met them so George or
hey Ally the girls are doing good
they're clearly just hanging out
love you guys hope you're having fun we
can do
all the popcorn ran an office over
enough to go get some snacks and boy am
I happy look at this crazy
I'm good really good
I kind of went on a little date night
everyone's gone and we thought it'd be
nice for ourselves
and we got something my grandfather used
to always say but let's talk about the
news you just say it randomly I never
knew what it was
he was just feeling so I don't know
maybe none of this baba ganoush my point
is that we're going to try it
fancy
ichigo's economic or nominal things and
now they were recommending they be
specific
yeah
boy Robin Internet
like
you already have ours we're not going to
tell you that it's gonna have to be a
surprise okay the special day that comes
and that's when you'll find out but
right now we're just gonna get this off
I don't know what I want to be that
creepy kid right there
