it's your birthday you better get up sup
kuitar up happy birthday it's time to
get up it's time to get up wanna sleep
honey you you definitely don't even look
1 year older you look younger you look
beautiful even your breath smells better
than normal
happy birthday Oh Johnny I love you I
like you too
let's go start our day so um the CTFxC
18 and up group made you a video for
your birthday
mmm and I just want you to watch it
you weren't doing anything lose we're
doing
I just want to wish one of my longest
YouTube friends a very happy birthdays
or always encourage sweet mold you're
not old I'm old but I'm not older than
Sophie you guys are awesome let's start
the day love you guys I just talked to
my mom apparently the the Trump of the
storm is now our hurricane do you know
that we talked about that I think
yesterday how it's like turning it was
turning into one and I talked to hunter
he was on annamaria
he said it was underwater annamaria yeah
and my mom said that if we had to fly
out today which is normally what we do
is fly out the day of yeah we were not a
big playlist
scenes of the flight off chance that we
decided to go day early was the only
time we've actually I mean you know the
only reason we went a day early it's
because you didn't want to fly on your
birthday that's true oh my god look it's
the president
I know I get at least one probably when
they get a small salad and this is what
they gave them big or I just recently
got rehook the falafel that place we
just want you the other day that was
really good yeah try another one I love
this stuff in college and I just forgot
to find under the place that makes them
if you've never had a falafel try
it don't I get I get the ten they're
like pretty bad jokes right I'm allowed
to do those my badass cake is almost
gone
what's them on the salad no thanks you
sure for you this is cool I think we
drove by this last time Ali barely fits
into this hallway doorway
he had a crouch down there we're
supposed to be doing a thing Shanghai
and no idea where we are
girls I got worried to the stage
like a big tree no it's the coolest
signature thing I've ever done
it's not your bank account honey so
Kelly and Brian just sent me this so the
cute and it's so funny like if you know
their parents you can see the
resemblance
of both of them and her so clearly so we
just got done with the panel it was fun
it was fun last minute panel but right
now I'm gonna do the sketch he'll he'll
he's gonna add it today I have a day off
that's true I've had a lot of days out
all work towards a day off very true no
I left home yeah Ellie does to yourself
take back what I see I was giving her a
real kiss
that's what the kind of I have to
do with it that's it should ideally my
dad's old shirt from 1981 things older
than I am definitely older than you old
lady I know old lady I got a young in
here what is what are you doing
that's pollution in my skin mm-hmm and
then I had cake on my pants where we're
to get cake from I kick all over right
we're to get cake from this afternoon
you got a cake okay darn it I was trying
to catch you in a weird situation where
they work
oh you're getting me getting me the
Delaney
you're getting you the ladder you
throwing a hissy fit because this is
birthday you'd been a little baby so we
are out and about now in Washington for
the boys birthday and Shea is with us
party that we might go to but another
pan
perfect perfect anything yeah I feel
like it's like a just my like my little
concession thing thing to me I would
like a turkey leg please and glass of
mead right
that's what okay a couple years nice
cold-pressed juices we got was good what
hey stan lemonade weird
gotta love it
ginger and quiet
oh right dude the ginger root is a
powerful plan it's iterating the bus hey
I don't think that's where it goes well
eventually you'll get there okay I'll
get there eventually
like this one okay code is that's the
code - there you go
you got this bad you got this all right
I got mine now
to the monuments
like
Oh God this is how we lose people we
lose your brother so I think we gotta
get on the other side of the Smithsonian
hell are you behind me a lot you're
peddling the wrong way do this
oh I watched segways now touch of that
today and that's to get to that that did
it to dead baby she'll be here your
awesome little talents don't hit my car
well you away for a little bit later I
don't know if I can keep up with her
ma'am
both feet on the pedal ma'am coolest
bike ride yet the least awkward thing
you could possibly do
the camera is not doing this justice
right now
crap do that
Charles this looks like a bad idea
there you go
day two actually they've won a playlist
they - being out here it's been my
birthday I just have to say thank you
guys so much for all the videos the CTF
XD groups out there I really really
appreciate it
it was an awesome video great thing to
wake up to I really enjoyed today it was
like we didn't really do much it was
kind of nice just to go bike riding with
everyone to hang out with my friends I
don't usually get to see so I had a
blast
Jeff fun I usually don't get the bike
riding yeah I was really I thought
somebody was gonna hit by like a car
easily yeah honestly I thought assuming
we had a bet if everyone thought it was
gonna be I really did I'm Megan I
thought it was gonna be Charles
I think it's been super cool like
playlist CC because it's big but it's
not too big so we can walk around saying
hi to everyone just in the lobby and
things like that so that's been fun we
have our meetup on Sunday I believe
Sunday and then tomorrow we have panels
so I just want to say thank you guys for
the bottom I oh wait hold on I almost
forgot to do this hold on I know but you
guys were gonna tell me in the comments
but if I didn't do this I can't believe
I almost did it alright three two one do
you remember
do what I say five days four days I
screwed it up it's been too long okay
that's the Vandals happy birthday to me
yeah that's until the next day which
will be my birthday that you heard I was
getting all technical anyway thank you
guys truly from the bottom of my heart
for another amazing year and I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video and don't
forget to subscribe because a brand new
bye guys oh yeah
absolutely I would be honored
