yep we're going swimming this is what's
annoying and kind of scary at the same
time tomorrow we have a flight to get
the playlist live and I'm really really
I've been looking at all the maps and
I'm really nervous that there's more yes
so today is all the rain tomorrow's the
wind which is I think scarier to fly
I don't know if we physically be able to
do it just got my spiffy haircut so I
look pretty good I'm warped or not
amazing oh
believe is live that's how freakin crazy
I feel right now the weather wake up in
the morning what you just want to sleep
I woke up at like 7:00 or 8:00 in the
morning and I took a photo of I think I
put it on my Instagram story of a
snapchat of what the weather looked like
and I was like screw it I just went back
to me
purely last night Marly and Zoe Zoe was
going on top of her head trying to
escape
thunder so we crawled up on the bed and
then like Charles way that him and I
late like cuddly at one end and you
that's early yeah anyway it walks up and
check out like behind my head on the bed
she was like laying across my hellos
just making me obviously very
uncomfortable there's a dog on my head
so I was trying to move her and I tried
waking him up did not even flippin move
her sleeper you just wake up big truth
is I just didn't want to deal with it so
I ended up like lifting up the comforter
and I live her under but she took up so
much space I ended up laying on my side
like this at the end of the bed I did
that to her in the bunk as well on the
work tour that's worked or yeah
she does take after me though she's a
very big warrior or worrywart we were
hold on Ted she's a tick turd I was just
telling Ally I'm a little worried
because tomorrow we fly out for playlist
live I was gonna say Warped Tour again
but I was just looking at the because I
think it's not a hurricane but it's a
tropical storm because if you guys
remember last year I walked or walked
shoot O'Keefe playlist there was no no
rain here in Florida it was actually
pretty who's different there was like
nothing but like let me show you I'm
going to show you guys what we're
dealing with we are going to be
experiencing some rain and then if we
flip it over here
that is what we're dealing with it's a
tropical storm it's not quite a
hurricane but it looks fun you hungry
what get the hiccups you want to go to
oh that's beautiful
we're good no that looks bad we should
tell Chris but I think Chris is over
here on the side I think he's in Perth
and I didn't had a ball yeah it's a huge
amount I don't know about 60 but it's
huge like it you can see it right there
there's Florida just getting bombarded
right there just awesome okay since it's
raining these aren't rain boots but your
leg barely fits your legs I think it
goes with a rain jacket too babe in the
head yeah everything all beautiful these
ones have frills and laces like your
Pokemon I can't flick you right now wait
okay caught you okay you gotta go into
the pokeball
I made Ali stop immediately I thought I
was so cool
I've never actually seen this as full as
they are now upon this tropical storm is
I've never actually seen this as full as
they are now
you start seeing these trucks I mean see
their power is out there's too much
water or some crazy stuffs about to
happen and it looks like there's
something crazy going on up there we go
through I think we can go through all
these cars are turning around I think
it's just because I don't know
under that car Thunder you can see how
deep it is the fire trucks despite
pushing cars through it's Halloween
so that means following tourists and
soon Halloween costumes for dogs we're
gonna play a game called you guys can
pick it okay they don't leave the
plastic on for Zoey because she likes it
so much play a game okay you guys won't
play a game what do you want I don't
know what you want you have to hit the
doorbell hit the Bell you want to just
open the door spoiled tricky dog
joke's on you it's raining the server
it's it's funny you look like one of
those poop signs all right so what I'm
gonna do is I want to put all three toys
and you guys gonna decide which ones you
want okay
stay hey don't jump the gun stay stop go
back you're gonna get no toys sit down
yeah you sit right there okay no go back
get over there not gonna get any toys
skip I'm gonna give them all to Zoey
Zoey you get first pick go hear the toy
want a toy brand-new you get a first
your first pick
all right got a second pick up you take
it all three no okay Zoey which one do
you want you want the orange one happy
oh Jesus Marley already
Wow that didn't last long at all
she even treated like a freaking toy
this has to be concerned if Marley ever
actually got to catch a squirrel all
right Zoey switch
she took the bat you get the pumpkin
good boy that's yours
are you freaking kidding me Marley you
get no toys from now on I'm just getting
a bag full of sweet toys god you're such
a little asshole asshole that's what you
are you're lovable oh this morning our
giant beanbags got here I shouldn't say
the problem is they're so condensed like
those mattresses they're like virtually
impossible to get out there's one of
them be using blob good job bed now the
hard part this is the part that Marley
is terrified of the thing is the girls
and the boy have yet to figure out how
comfortable that thing is yet you're
stuck in there I do a swan dive I don't
get it I don't get it
she's frightened by all the plastic
Marley's gonna take this over one day
that just looks so ridiculous with this
her in there didn't even move not even
fazed this is nice you already figured
it out this can hold like two people or
one dog I think I should say maybe if
she sleeps in this she won't sleep in
the bed however I might be sleeping in
this and you can have the bed like how
she really I always move that you'll
hurry though thanks babe this weather
just makes me wanna sleep these came at
the perfect day right where's the name
on the perfect day I think the worst day
cuz now I don't want to go anywhere I'm
sort of bring this on the airplane let's
try this be my carry-on you get one
carry-on just can count us to fit in the
overhead can you imagine I feel like I
just did this the other day oh wait I
did every time I pack or anything like
that I was always scared this is where
you'll find her hanging out in the
shower come on bro it's usually packed
have everything my backpack so I will
see you guys hopefully at playlist live
this weekend so we have panel or two on
Saturday I'll post all this stuff on my
Twitter or my Instagram so make sure to
follow that stuff and I'll let you guys
know he'll treat you help me anyway the
photos rudely interrupted and then we
have a meet-up what was it Sunday's the
Meetup
I think the meetup the meet-and-greet I
guess whatever you want to call it is on
Sunday you're on a panel too you have
one of the panel's with us yeah so how'd
it make your fianc√©e shut up
Alys tell her to shut up
second step give her food third step put
your hand on her mouth you're giving
away your whole panel we're stuck I
can't tell you the last time you have to
go to the panel okay I guess I'd we have
some things we're gonna be diesel that's
a date so yeah anyway long story short
I'm getting really out of it right now
so I will see you guys tomorrow as
always and I will see you guys at
playlist live have a good night guys
bye ah somebody just knew we were coming
I guess
