see hello oh girl you make that music oh
yeah so from the baby footage earlier
I'm sure you guys have noticed that
there is somebody here with us today
my sister Caitlin and my cousin Lexi and
her little girl patient she doesn't
really get to come down here that often
so we decided to meet up this afternoon
take advantage of xenon rainy weather
right now because it's gonna be raining
probably the rest of this week help you
Marley Charles no yes actually you know
I am kind of forcing Charles since of
doing like a workout routine thing with
me today I want to take in town by the
water and I'm gonna try and put him
through like a vigorous workout so that
we go to playlist we're gonna be pumped
and ready cuz I know that with Charles
when he gets up a war-torn we both kept
that like comfortable state of mind we
kind of stopped working out and we
stopped that healthy routine so I want
to make sure that we keep that going
we're gonna go and do a workout it's
terrible I'm eating a little bit of
cookie but whatever okay I like sweets
and it's not always bad does not workout
gear honey I love you so much but you
cannot wear jean shorts or whatever
those are I don't know
hmm yeah you got a problem workout stuff
crap forever I know I like him on you I
remember one day and tour I needed pants
I couldn't find any needed shorts and I
just bought pants and just cut them in
the shorts yeah I like those less during
the winter I don't remember it was on
tour I think what are you doing
hey you think I Nestor to you ain't it
skating you won - I just wonder what
you're thinking there bud kind of cute
wow you come here real quick you come
here you come here you come here
alright I'll come in on the newly
installed and the light on oh yeah good
job in she wants this and said dee dee
don't want that you're just being a brat
if you want to get messed up then you'll
take that toy mm-hmm Marley a messy love
Zoe you'll mess you up absolute you guys
can see this is just that and if you
want to play with this tags I guess it
gives us to go buy a bunch of cardboard
probably cheaper Marlon you want to play
I'm gonna try okay now you want to play
do your dinosaur move come on beg you
had it look at her go
beg good that's good okay Marley you
have to do a little bit more you have to
do breakdance that's your thing can you
roll you can even roll that is a half a
roll come on roll there we go
you see oh yeah all the way how and
Diezel what do you do hey can you sit
sit down
can we ha ha ha good boy okay hey guys
it's very simple but it's feeling fresh
won't eat it bellies think I guess I
will eat it you don't even have to say
it with the mily anymore just go like
that you think ya know this she's got to
adjust her weight yeah okay
this won't stop shaking - fun there we
go
a breakfast movie going and this is how
she does it she wants me to play
reggaeton music no not reggaeton but
it's it's Latin Spanish music Marley's
just staring at you're like what the
hell let's go Pokemon
apparently the Pokemon has been at that
strip club
we catch that I don't think I have that
in my pokedex do it like really good
he's gonna throw some at ya
there we go you can't do it when he's
jumping I'm not think you got him this
is hope he doesn't jump out
oh he jumped out okay let's do a Mega
Ball alright just wait okay do this hold
on I'm a raspberry clicking a raspberry
go to the backpack and get a great ball
I can't catch him
look it harder it's hitting him yeah I'm
hitting him there you go if you get it
he gets out of a great ball oh I gotta
do it again he's gone you lost them how
did he break free from a great ball I
have no idea
I mean I'm actually very upset with that
I am - I don't even have that one in my
pocket
well I'm not sure we're gonna be able to
do our other workout cause it's so windy
or now and all up in your grill well rut
run Forrest run
have you ever got to see the sea turtles
like hatch when do they hatch we should
come down I want to see that because if
those have to shut off all the lights if
you have no idea what I'm talking about
if they have the lights on over here sea
turtles are naturally drawn to the light
hence the moon so if there's light over
here they won't go into the water it's
an interesting thing I've always wanted
to see it but I've actually never seen
it I've looked at the beach looks look
at the sail for Mikey
smart guy right there
just relaxing maybe do a workout watch
out for the burn sandal dream
go buddy go go go
look nobody just put it there somebody
just knew we were coming I guess
it's a little bit presumptuous there huh
babe I'm just kidding so you just
assumed that Charles loves Ali he's
assuming huh
got something on that bump hopper park
if said all of you buddy I'm trying
your damn legs that's a faith even
noticed that we had a drone that'd be
pretty sweet
we were watch out there's Bert and you
would have stepped on the bird you don't
care
actually there are birds there are birds
coming 2.61 miles not too bad is this
how we're gonna celebrate sour patch no
well I feel like an idiot buying on
freaking eBay you know what's funny is
we said there was so much sugar in that
but in our slippery's probably the same
amount this is back to what other drinks
were from our childhood that are
probably coming back I can't think of
any other drinks actually in the
comments let me know if there are any
drinks that you guys remember as a kid
that are discontinued I remember fall
hobble ass but I think that's still
around I feel like there's one of those
a Gatorade there's a clear when I
remember I think it might still be
around
it almost just like lemon water to the
beginning one and not being that I was
like all this would be refreshing no sir
just kidding came back
George came back ecto cooler came back
tropical sprite came back clear crystal
clear Pepsi came back oh look that's
where we did trav some bachelor party I
don't know if I was supposed to tell
Ally that I ended the video of course
ISA so I'm gonna use you guys as a
research team right now what drink was
discontinued in the 90 I want to say the
90s because maybe some people might be
younger what's to say that 90s or 80s
and came back recently as kind of like a
retro throwback other than the ones we
just listed because it is driving me
crazy now so I have to walk for it's
time to get some new shoes because they
look like complete a black converse or
white at this point they're so
disgusting I think Ali wants to give me
some new shoes for my birthday isn't
that adorable
the cutest thing I see something funny
front but it's front bite good old front
but I see your coolest shirt so you
listen to more than I do I think any
time we go to the mall I have to get
cinnamon Brett says it's my reward going
through all the school worth it
Ali has way too much fun on snapchat
she's our own number one fan that's
behind the scenes right there sing the
woods new harness I got your face see
the woods let's go
I was just looking at the snapchat
stories and that looks like Ali so so
bad it's not Britney Spears obviously
the the college one well hope you
enjoyed today's video
tomorrow I'm actually getting a haircut
as you can see I desperately need it
before playlist which is this weekend so
I'll see you guys there playlist live
hope you enjoyed today's video don't
forget to subscribe you guys are brand
new have a great night
