I love your a t-shirt so retro my Apple
shirt your really cool my Apple shirt
from the Apple store this is like me
when do we go to the Starbucks and get
in the Starbucks card the original
Starbucks card mm-hmm
this is only available at the Apple
store that I went to John how does that
because it's the one Harrison to
Starbucks did the first Apple a first
Starbucks star story sorry I'm tired I
can't focus that is always drinking that
diffusers we gotta clean up again Anna
Skipton well it's really not that bad
I'm a theme where do i I gotta go to the
show even go take a shower
oh through the dogs I think it got set
right there the dogs knew where you were
going yesterday I went through my closet
and cleared out probably I guess 60
pounds of extra clothes that I haven't
worn in years
so we are going to donate a bunch of
clothes I always feel better about
donating clothes if you are in this
local like Salvation Army and you want
black shirts this is where you got to
come I'm gonna fill it up like four bags
each weighs probably bout 20 pounds each
I have to say I'm very impressed with
you lately
what not that I'm not always implicitly
but you just been doing a lot of things
like since you've got from abroad a lot
of things on the house and you've been
productive
yeah doctor but you've also been doing
really nice things to your alright okay
but I feel like you could have came home
and you could have just like slept the
whole time not really you know
but still I'm I'm very impressed I'll
try to give you a flapping compliment
will happen come from a appreciate come
I was gonna use the F word then try to
put I'm trying to cool down on my
cursing because I have installed two
ceiling fans I guess three if you get
account was for the double clip-on
yesterday which I apologize about
remember the days when we could blow
things up but now we have to install
things we blow things up a watermelon oh
you should do that we destroyed TVs yeah
the lyrics Hillary and Trump toys are in
Mexico
hilarious Hillary in trouble hilarious
Hillary say that ten times that where's
Hillary let Hitler hello Sarah Larry you
can't do it Larry's tiller hilarious
Hillary hilarious Hillary hilarious
Hillary hilarious Hillary Larry there
you go Blackhawks day had a bit of new
home Hillary where's Hillary hilarious
Hillary I can't do it apparently there's
a tropical storm let's look here for
those who don't know what a tropical
storm is it's a preowned and when we go
along so cute what it's gone it's very
scattered but there's big piece don't
come in way that's just uh where's the
big piece oh there it is okay you're
gonna come here in this couple days
especially when we have to fly exactly
when we have to play yeah
ally and I were talking about maybe
getting those brief things for sleeping
because we can't really breathe
correctly at night when sleeping ok
listen see if you can do it ok
I'm like do you think it would be able
to do with the nose ring of an excerpt
an extra little hole really as it left
my mouth I really thought it was too
it's like my earrings like I have an
extra hearing hole actually a fun little
story when I was in high school
I've had these things since ninth grade
and to gross out my friend
her name was Jen I remember her vividly
it's gross out my friend Jen who she was
an awesome person too
I would put capri-sun straws through my
ear and drink my Capri Sun I was younger
I was a rambunctious little scoundrel
that is like I can't imagine what you
were like in your early 20s
oh that was let you guys know that early
twice that salt mine you can see that
anywhere
represent store Jenny brought out only
one of these like peaceful air diffusers
which does like this oils and things
like that and I got super hooked on it
because it smells it basically made
everything smells awesome on the tour
bus so I figured if it makes it tour bus
smell good
it's gotta make the house smell good
we're trying a new tactic so that worked
you guys are brilliant so I went we got
a bunch of these so the house would
smell nice and lavender II and calm that
on top of all the the thunder and
lightning I thought this might be a good
idea for the dogs I know this might
sound crazy but maybe the lavender smell
might help them you know calm down stop
being so neurotic specifically diesel
and Zoe
where is OH sailing those
I love the color and I like that the
back has mesh road see-through
it's lace and it's see-through to is an
illusion back
so comfortable with people like us on
the trail
you're looking at my did you see any
binoculars to see my boobs not every
time I open the refrigerator means
something's coming towards you got that
not every time we should see how long we
can stand like this no you gave up first
trying shut up refrigerator let's go
over here
Hey look which one you want pick out a
stick you want that one you want the big
one
he's gonna commit bro or you could just
sit down where the stick is and be lazy
yeah I'm just gonna be lazy that's cool
what's wrong with your mouth do you see
reflections go for walk that was
adorable
go for a walk sciences no sciences no
well it looks really beautiful it looks
so gorgeous - a giant freaking power
plant like right there luckily on camera
you can't see it probably doesn't going
in
smells like crap right now
dead things we have we have yet to see a
dolphin hear this I've never seen one on
camera Zoe I lead the way we're all just
hanging out now waiting for some
porpoises so we needed a break she knows
how to take it off yeah anyway she's
trying to get this thing off oh here you
go
there you go pal how you get yourself
all caught up in this you know that
he's trying to get that thing off to get
away I'll just keep the camera rolling
then I would hurt myself I go get you oh
it's gonna rescue you come on Zoe go
here is I gonna go to mr lee's coming
is that we get sister she get distracted
by somewhere did you even go to go look
at something shiny over here definitely
lucked out I thought for sure cuz it was
raining while we're driving here that it
was gonna completely pour on us
oh wait wait who is the other guy by the
way this is a completely random kind of
hilarious thing the dude
hmm one of the infomercials it's a sham
Wow that guy said something else one of
the guy who goes not BAM the guy he used
to do can't remember one of those
infomercial guys kind of pulled out in
front of us I don't want to see cut us
off but it was kind of funny stoplight
and he he went in front of us so it was
weird and then we noticed as we were
driving by are like what's that I think
it was it was a skinny guy where the guy
what the other guy had the beard yeah
now that I had the Beard best chef in
the house I should say only chef's house
how are you trying to do vegetarian I
think Marley's waiting for you so flick
that right on for the guys you know we
could have done with that we could have
cut these open and cooked and made like
jelly in there yeah super normal
oh speaking of nothing normal I saw that
they were doing this this summer okay so
you guys knew about the whole ecto
cooler they also brought back another
drink for my childhood and I can't
remember right liked it or not yeah they
brought it back for literally like a
month and I think I got a couple boxes
because I think they're only gonna be
here for like later I think they're gone
now to be honest with you and I can't
honestly remember if this tastes good or
not so I bought a bunch of them so I can
give to friends guess how many grams of
sugar are in this one bottle right here
everyone remembers surge and that surge
was taken off because of caffeine and
like too much like sugar in it that has
70 grams of sugar surged out less
Mountain Dew has more I think yeah and
then was the other one jolt so I had to
buy these from eBay because I couldn't
find them anywhere else this isn't a
sponsor anything like
that I just wanted to try this out
because like I said I don't remember at
all what it tasted like what if that was
just water do you think it's just put
water in there ha ha joke's on you is
water and people just are buying it just
for the solitude but them actually
drinking it I'm not opening that that's
the thing about Crystal Pepsi he's
supposed to shake it alright so you've
never ever ever had this before right
Pepsi I was like it was like a sprite as
like a Pepsi sprite mix is that so it's
almost like perhaps he was trying to be
sprite you know I think color is crap
see I tasted that yeah but do you see
what I'm saying about the sprite taste
the aftertaste yeah and I think is your
brains thinking well you know it's clear
now I taste bright so I don't understand
what's the lemon like I go lemon lime I
don't taste the Pepsi that's interesting
I don't know but I just wanted to kind
of get it off eBay because I saw what
was coming out just to see probably
would never drink it but it's kind of
cool to see stuff like flashback for
like 20 years ago 30 years ago hey bud
hey bud Marley he's taking all the toys
these are all mine so he was in the
office with me now that we got the fan
wait was she in the office where is she
oh there she found her
yeah
