type sunday' number one number two it is
dress trying on number two I was gonna
say like day two but it's really been
like a really lot of time so day two
number two its number two reason I know
if it's famous for a while but you guys
hopefully do that very soon we're gonna
have a nice little toast before we head
out
alright down Claire is terrified of
opening these up so I'm kind of
obviously I'm saying thought that was
gonna be so much more exciting than what
it was
do you remember at that engagement party
when I was trying to do like the whole
thing we like shoot it off yeah really
cheap it was really - champagne we
bought it you kill come I think it was
like four dollars your bachelorette
party when we got like No seven dollars
we had the seven dollar champagne what
does this city citizen gonna ditch and
it's over cornbread oh my god it has
like peppers in it and then I didn't
mind went to me don't cheetos nachos but
it actually smells incredible
you should try it and there's some
delicious little dangerous in there you
can't are you gonna go try on the
dresses yeah home dog last night Ali and
I were trying I was trying to do it cuz
she was you know hanging out with Kate I
was trying to install the fan in the
office and I got this far and this far
and I was trying to hang it up and it
almost fell on Ali's head because we're
doing this in the dark ready to cut the
electricity obviously and this is the
only form of light so we had we had to
stop until now
so last night Ali and I were trying I
was trying to do it cuz she was you know
hanging out with Kate I was trying to
install the fan in the office
and I got this far and this far and I
was trying to hang it up and it almost
fell on Ali's head because we're doing
this in the dark cuz we had to cut the
electricity obviously this is the only
form of light so we had we had to stop
until now so this shop is called the
dressing room it's in downtown st. Pete
absolutely adorable really personal
which is something that I really really
like because I didn't have that at the
last place that I went to but check out
some of these beautiful beautiful gowns
oh that's gorgeous
I love that definitely want to try that
one on I love that one oh I love that
that's beautiful but so they've all
different types of gowns it's so
beautiful oh love it gorgeous gorgeous I
was trying to install a fan in the
office and I got this far and this far I
was trying to hang it up and it almost
fell on Ali's head because we're doing
this in the dark amid the Cutty lectures
the other thing this is the only form of
light you had we had to stop until now
it kills me because it had personnel I
am it's like when I start something I
can't just stop it like it drives me
crazy like eats inside I can't stop
something unless I finish a project it
just drives me insane
but I promise because I almost killed
her and myself that I should wait till I
got daylight coming in here
Ali's trying on wedding dresses and oh
my god I over the vlog down no and I
don't want to be there for obvious
reasons and I'm not probably an edited a
video for obvious reasons
oh wow that is so pretty look at that
back
oh my world or ezel canaanites whitens
for me on Italy they got married her
family is a lace Factory
so all his places like bombs on me it's
soft rate it said it doesn't feel too
happy and so what if you want you to eat
he's always my first bowl so beautiful
oh my god oh my god this is kind of fun
I've been actually enjoying doing this
site so what number was that let's see
if it works powers back on
all right ready ready for this
what-o
remote controls
you're the Lightworks fan do you fan oh
my god I put some things to making that
stink is that robot said and kind of
making some bubbles over here I've
decided that this is enough is enough I
feel like my closet is worse than my
little sister's closet there's just too
many clothes namely too many black
clothes so I think somebody's gonna want
some black t-shirts somewhere in this
world so I'm gonna donate some shirts so
I can get this crap into here and make
it look a little bit nice because my OCD
miss in my cleanliness is driving me
crazy the way this is set up right now
driving me insane then you want to turn
the sprinklers on but you need rain
bypass and the reason why I know about
rain bypass is because I've had to
program it in two houses
what is it's woody it's too much green
like it feels like there's too much
water
like a little sensor like a level kind
of thing and it will fill up and it said
oh it's raining or or it is currently
raining we probably shouldn't be
sprinkling man car again
remove that card
I strain jerked it my mom got me it
he was really pretty though with it blue
is definitely at least style because the
eyes the eyes yep those eyes
Ali's working on our new video I'll put
a link down in the description guys and
I'll remind you guys at the end of the
video but it's gonna youtube.com slash
Ally Wes after this video go watch that
I'm hoping that she's done assuming that
you're done I'm gonna taking a little
break from all the donations and the
clothes and trying to figure out
everything and sort of live atop a while
and I'm gonna go get some keep sauce and
rather than driving to public and I
figured you know just take the golf cart
I haven't done in a while so get to test
out all these mirrors now
that's right in still good I just
cleaned Martin
mm-hmm don't show no choke right no that
was a bad one that's my fault
that's all me I cleaned it there
shouldn't be here get a catch it if it's
a bad one
you know gonna catch it Marley it's
coming she's like okay I know this game
so far we're out four bags three bags I
can't count that a lure Marley out hold
on I got an idea oftentimes as you had
some fun seeing Marley and Joy's going
into the bed she's been doing that
forever actually this is what I go
fishing with her this is what actually I
do with her it's what you do my cookie
so you got a beta first and then what
you got to do is do what drew Barrymore
did and et
see me interested
Oh
got is are you peace hey yeah nope no
more you ate it all you little cutie how
are you doing this with a freaking head
your noggin you up at home it
do this
