good morning guys weather update it is
53 breezy we are starting I don't know
what that was we are starting today with
our trip planning we were going to kind
of like just wake up on on Wednesday or
Thursday like we did last time and just
drive but we felt like that was a little
bit more chaotic we're gonna find some
places and kind of schedule it now step
one is where do we want to go so that's
the big thing like last time we went to
North Carolina so I think we're gonna
look at places that are in North Georgia
and in North Carolina South Carolina be
that bad either the ultimate goals snow
so we need snow mountains and dogs
running around that's about it
that's our goal today alright so
necessities dog friendly Wi-Fi heater I
just don't know if that's on the road or
not nice we found a winner I want to see
you guys see about the Wi-Fi got a
fireplace I don't think we're gonna need
air conditioning it's been so nice being
able to like get up and you know do
things like any afternoon usually when
we walk the dogs around now it's like so
hot we could barely go anywhere it's in
the high 40s again so it's beautiful
like in the sense that it's not too cold
it's snowed in Tallahassee so the other
day if you saw the video we had frost
which is still snow by the way I will
argue that in Tallahassee there was
actual snow falling from the sky what
we're warming and we're not really sure
if we're gonna be able to well we can
find it if he's gotta go further north
okay no but I don't know if we're gonna
have time to go further north we're
something about possibly just taking
them to the mountains and there might be
snow on the ground but there might not
be snowfall I want to find snow that's
my ultimate goal I don't care how far we
have to go I just don't want to go into
like Wisconsin type snow or Buffalo type
snow or what that first Christmas tree
dying
ant-man diesel is want disgracing the
Christmas tree if you guys have any
other states that are not like blizzards
but like kind of like we were last time
where was nice nice snow fall on the
ground where's this nice and peaceful
let me know because we've been looking
we looked in North Georgia North
Carolina and Virginia right now it's
snowing up there but we don't know we
we want to go if it's gonna be snowing
so it's been kind of challenging trying
to figure this out I really really
really want to go see that before going
to Australia and New Zealand where it's
summer over there I want to enjoy winter
for just a little bit and then I'll go
over there for the next month or so and
enjoy their summer break diesel we all
know it's the biggest stereotype in the
world but if you look behind me you see
that golf cart one of those UPS guys
that they hire seasonal to help like
deliver so the trucks aren't constantly
going everywhere we all know diesel is
such a stereotype but the thing is he
doesn't know that he was delivering
anything and I think he saw the golf
cart so he's like oh we have one of
those those are pretty cool okay which
is totally not his character when
somebody sees it only sees a like a
mailman the delivery person is the same
way I try to herd dog was the same way
yeah and I remember I don't know what
Kizer eyes may be I know that like when
my brother came home one like holiday
and he was wearing a hat Stan didn't
know he was wearing Hanny bark
seasickness who's talking exactly who
was oh really
yeah it was very weird he was like I
don't like this your dad just a weirdo
I'm Nydia we will rock you do not sound
we better go I tweeted right now we're
kind of deciding that we might just you
know wing it like we did last time do
you think I should get this wait do I
have a hat at all it's cool though right
do I look cool though sir you'd be
awfully ferocious and in the snow I
wouldn't want to mess with you what are
you trying to be those aren't dinosaur
those are like oh are they what we do do
is try to find some boots and maybe a
bigger jacket because we're realizing
that they're probably gonna be really
cold from what we remember last time
boots are gonna be definitely something
that they need some Marley feet you
don't think so are these all the same
feet no as always thought that one you
can't kick me you can't catch me honey
just imagine if we had a bunch of
hamsters like just doing that and just
powering up the whole world I had a
hamster add two hamsters when I was a
kid and I would just walk him through
that I thought was the funniest thing in
the world
especially when they stop and they go
back up it's kind of like that ride with
the boat on every fair we still gotta go
see that Oh give me your vest Chewbacca
oh I think it's more back in there back
here now but hi i'm chewy actually I'm
chilly
this weather is is just messing with me
I know a lot of people up north they get
the gloomy Goom whatever it's called
gloomy Gus but I don't know it is the
gloomy this the gloomy so it's called
the gloomies where the Sun comes there
we go now you can see me because the Sun
Goes Down and the winter is all you know
it's all cold but I feel like it's way
where I know it's worth some stuff
upstairs literally it's upstairs our
house it is colder even on the crappiest
of days the Sun comes out so it just
makes me feel kind of like sleeping all
the time so I'll just I I have a hard
time getting myself motivated right now
that's too bright now I think the change
of scenery helps to even if it's like
there is gloomy gloomy the gloomies I
think change of scenery a hundred
percent changes thank those of you guys
up north
dealing with the the cold weather and
was called the gloomy so I'm gonna call
it that from now on I like that word how
do you guys get through this winter area
because being from Florida
ambulances are like trying to go and
these persons flying like you can do
that so I'll he was about the watchin
accident because like Ali was saying
even the crappiest coldest days was
wrong
tear it up
you know what it doesn't even matter
what I say so we spoiled everybody today
one of these are going so which one is
it so the new one so you want to try the
new one okay so he tried the new one
nobody wants to try it
beagle chicken it's just a goofball
don't look at it bud Rika is going to
take that here go check it out though
you check out yours I think she likes
that big one so what are you a 3x L am i
fitter well it's got to be a waterproof
that's the thing the other ones not
waterproof Martha we got you one too
there we go then you just got to connect
the other side first thing about these
coats is that they always go in feel
right after Christmas that's when we get
them all that's not weird ghost may I
help you
Charles are still dinner eyes I can't
figure that oh my here take this let me
show you this is under her chest oh when
she wears jacket yeah that's good though
cover more searched on the snow she's
the one that hates it the most can you
put your hood up I will have to admit
you are darn cute she loves where do you
love it is it so nice you reading my
emails bro those are some private things
best friends
guys right you ready obviously today Ali
and I got some stuff ready for the snow
and over the hopeful snow we got these
little booties that we're gonna see if
they fit the dogs do you want to try
booty on I also ordered that wax that
mushers wax so we're gonna try both I
don't know if this is gonna work so this
is kind of a test I don't know what it
is that dogs and they put boots on there
just like so sad they're like no please
go
he thinks is a toy this is gonna protect
your feet and the snow guys he's looking
at you like excuse me
good girl see that's the thing that
stinks is that what it does is it like
that yeah I feel like that would make
them hurt their ankles
can we zoom whatever dark tried these on
in those pictures
definitely definitely got a lot of
treats this is so said you need to take
those off this is not gonna work
no no no so far Zoe and diesel are a
no-go that was a big mistake dad Miley
is just over there lounge and she's like
oh is this gonna make me warm I might
like this so we stand back her with me
she's I'm in the safe zone don't put
this back on me
same with this dude yep see there never
okay I have an idea
she's just staring at everything she's
crushing it so what if we learned today
that dogs I don't care what you say they
don't like begging like boots and
whoever seen these photos actually know
what's funny there is no dog in the
photo wearing boots they're just a
pretty dog that's all it is
shenanigans literally that would not
work in the snow at all this one's just
from watching the whole time she's
always seeing stuff random things that
make me freak out they just
it won't stay it's not like a heel like
you know I'm saying like it's just this
this tube it just doesn't work I mean it
would have been a little bit awesome had
it worked but these are one of those
million-dollar ideas that somebody sold
went haha and walked away with the check
the boots did not work tomorrow we're
gonna really try to figure out nail down
what's going on with our trip if you
guys are in the area of northern Georgia
North Carolina South Carolina and maybe
into southern Virginia if you guys in
that area have snow please tell me in
the comments so we're gonna start
looking but before we go to bed I just
want to say thank you to a couple people
from the CTFxC plus patreon group first
one yes it's done in Robertson Marley
then shelving a bong aka concert girl
vlogs hey Shelby
Maddy Therese Kate Drake and of course
we the Anna don't forget to subscribe
and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always - yes
