I actually just got done going to the
met with my mom because our family cat
tiger which I know I've shown a few
times in the vlog has been really really
off lately he hasn't been eating much
and he hasn't really been going to the
bathroom
so obviously that's true like a lot of
concern for my mom we got some blood
work done on him and his blood work came
out fine he's not sure exactly what it
is yeah he did give my mom basically
some medicine that's gonna help increase
his appetite he told some alternative
things to do to help tiger eat and the
reason why he's not going to the
bathroom is because it's not eating
enough so we're gonna try these things
and see if this helps out and that's you
know we gotta be as helpful as possible
see what happens so we're just we're
definitely giving our little tiger some
extra pampering for the next couple of
weeks and hopefully hopefully he makes a
really positive turnaround but it's been
a lot of visits to the vet lately and
they're amazing we're so lucky to have
our family event it's just been a very
very unique few months with all the
animals
there's tags cuz I just get on my way to
buddy my buddy max please leave them
alone yeah let's call show the internet
what we've been working on that's fail
you're failing I don't want to have a
puppy heart attack because those
apparently happened with crazy dog yes
you're a crazy dog too
nope this is me just say you're not
gonna hurt yourself okay okay
free what you doing
we're trying to go you know have a nice
little morning and go to the Saturday
morning market I remember last time we
first were trying to find this we went
to the original place and then they told
us he moved it here and now that it was
appearance going back to the original
place I think part of the rowdy are
playing the one in the one that is
clever I'll give them that I take the
FedEx you ever see the arrow and the
FedEx logo yes I did I believe you're
the one who actually told me about that
I think the internet told me that if you
guys have no idea
Google FedEx look at their logo and
let's just one driving around which I
don't think there it is and you'll see
an arrow and in the middle of it I
believe and now once you see it you will
never ever ever unsee it yeah - they
moved it it's fresh a deer over here -
we came way too late the closing
everything right now
no to McDonald's just kidding just
kidding
stuffing on your face I like how he's
never had falafel before and we found we
always pass his place as a
Middle Eastern Mike Pelfrey play we
decided to make a turkey and it's not
his first time having falafel wait
addicted this is Vicki I think Middle
Eastern version a branch but healthier
way healthier for them how is calling
the wedding planner for hiring a wedding
planner yeah you don't need no
bridezillas we don't need like
bridesmaids in those my sister and
Caitlin
that's what we don't need and then she
went to the door you even spoke this
much in a long time Marley we already
got it you already just telling on
anyone
quiet Zoey we came to my sister's house
she's actually she I don't know what
she's doing right now I was totally come
over I'm Alyssa Jess what happened to my
wrist okay this is a clear sign that I'm
getting too old okay right there this
thing right here I have leave like a ace
bandage for my wrist you won't know what
happened mihaela leaned on it weird on
the couch on a fluffy couch I leaned on
it weird and now my wrist hurts Nicola I
can't say anything because literally my
ankle twisted like a little bit and I
almost couldn't walk the other day we
need a little bit iron and calcium in
our diets but we're gonna you don't just
chill out in this pool we're gonna go
nice man
the girls went to alley sisters to go
lay out in the Sun but I knew this was
gonna happen
so I decided to stay back and hang out
and just do some exercise actually I got
it
I've kind of fallen off the little I
don't know the trail if you will this
warped or stop that's not doing all my
my running and my jump ropes and
push-ups and all that stuff so I feel
like a freaking slug you know I might as
well try to do that down since it's
gonna rain I just used to thinking you
doesn't it freak out melissa has not yet
been on a paddleboard well she hasn't
been on this paddleboard do that way you
look great okay
you're doing so great look at you go
look at her go she's a professional
hey Thunder buddy just chill right there
or go like diesel he went inside any one
side you were hiding huh all right I'll
work out inside well well who so I feel
like Melissa and I may have made the
right decision just give us like two
seconds we lasted for like 30 minutes I
guess that's good right sometimes Mel
Visioneer ready to see the cute in the
world's cutest couple on my world these
it was not a fan of that my racecar your
old lady guard
relationship gold wait hashtag I forgot
to do the hashtag hashtag gold it's
going around her but it's cuz she's got
such a big old buzz it sir but she's
better but duty do going I feel like the
jump rope is too long that was such a
delayed reaction
good job guys okay yeah look at that
cocky over here someone's getting all
full of themself
wow you did it that's the only way you
can do it cuz you're so tall don't stop
you're knocking everything down punched
me in the head and you wonder why your
plants are dead you're coming too close
what you were about to smack me there's
a dog I could do with a Jack Russell you
can do it better than you you go so fast
it went out of focus push push deal ill
ill ill push back up try the other way
then doom sideways
you got this turn the other way good
Wendy okay sit down buddy
sit are you sure you want me to sit on
your back it was like she literally just
like slid right off her ten years
this dog is still infatuated like a
puppy with a laser just like me I'll
never outgrow certain things she never
outgrow certain things oh it's on you
I'll put it on one on turtle mode I lied
it's not rabbit mode ow
I think she's tired already she's been
doing this for already 10 minutes
the thing is all clogged up again
why don't we have to the panels
okay didn't actually work
there's a business in this in it I think
I can see that breakdown in there get
into it that idea I haven't seen it yet
63 LA bro there's already five toys out
come on
oh that's nice
I want to play as well
that's what you needed to
