good morning guys day this is day two of
wedding venue searching so we're going
down to Sarasota we've had a couple
things Ali's grandmother wants to go
we're going to check out this Park see
what we can find there are so much you
got some big news a little bit different
in the last one I think this is going to
be completely different there's
something else you got somebody's little
bit different last month I think this is
going to be completely different this
one's going to be more traditional than
what we looked at last time but one of
the be able to see both ends of the
spectrum and see which one Ali truth
like really likes I think this is more
true that's gonna rain it's raining
where we need to go son of the
literature yeah it's sort of brain
that's really where we need to go
yeah you did yeah I wanted September
that's the secret one I keep teasing us
there's one in September try on some
more so you get an idea
you
this is grumpy teenage Ally baby man
that's my brother and that's maybe that
more embarrassing photos spend the day
yes and go through and just take the one
that's way but don't put me on there
naked there's Ali naked wasn't my mom I
can see Kate totally oh I don't think
your mom looks a bit different no it
doesn't she looks just like Kate that's
for sure my gosh miss again you know Oh
is your mom again is your mom my mom I
got married city SI es que ya Bobby do
look really similar over yeah they do
bunch of bees oh god they're coming yeah
oh yeah the guys got it that's pretty
much everyone for it oh my gosh oh hey
dog dug Wow look at this one looks
gorgeous so cool all the beautiful
banyan tree right there yep I'll show
you where you go usually I would take a
pop album because in the rain so this
could be a dilemma with the ring you can
only deliver yes so if you raise your
basically your rain plan on this side
would be at times okay how this works is
this would actually become your ceremony
space mm-hmm so these planters have move
out of the way this is an original
pavilion all riginal same loss and what
we do is we put the chairs kind of where
we're at right now fanned out kind of
matching that arch and so your your
guests still have that baby in the
background I'm all the benches and stuff
removed so it's already clear up there
so just be you here and then you would
walk down this pathway out I'm trying to
come down to the episode dog so it's
there like rice and stuff making of bags
of butterflies butterflies everywhere
huh right we are not allowed no that's
what I mean like I wouldn't do raise
either just sparklers rice bags of
butterflies yes I love it you you oh
it's just beautiful I was pretty banyan
tree
so this would become the dance floor
very fair building that we teach the
kiddos hell that's training yes you come
down this way the other side of the
garden
these gardens are incredible trip in
fact we're actually headed back okay so
this is the south side yes okay love the
card into the walls developer wears on
what's the bellboy all the vowel okay
ready all right I want this place this
for the Bell yeah and the clay right oh
they know I'm gonna do boy that's what
you needed to do also I hit it now there
are hungry I get it maybe that's what
they have exactly like a jerk out there
she sees them you sure to my you could
go out and buy some food and bring it up
here is arranged for my people when i
get weary down here to like actually get
to know them and it's like I don't want
rain you know especially on this side oh
yeah as you can see the rain finally
came
I didn't have the camera rolling but
maybe like five minutes ago we're just
driving and there was actually no
Raynaud's before the rain lightning
struck a raid on the side of the road
ally ann arbor stood right up like
freaking full attention of course didn't
have the camera
I've actually never seen lady actually
hit that bug
pretty frightening it was like the crack
of a baseball bat you know like they put
louder like 20 times louder well maybe
have allowed us back hundreds of times
louder and turn to crack the wood it was
frightening yesterday I don't know what
happened I woke up on a small lady like
20 years of 15 years of my music recs
personal music like personal recordings
old like suspense thriller funny looking
kid recording things like that all
deleted 15 years of music all gone I
can't figure it out so alleys did we
choose her ideas they get to the apple
store to maybe see what might happen I
don't think they can either cause on the
phone all yesterday with it
but we have a really bad month right now
Ali lost her oh wait maybe this time yet
yep
I feel like he'll be up and through that
just because you're able
hey
oh no wait that's the back of my phone
so I have a backup of my phone
everything on my phone but the problem
is I have that iTunes Match crap and it
deleted everything so it's all gone
we're at the Apple doctors at the Apple
doctor he's met three to give exteriors
one actually is young lady that had the
Jack Russell that Zoe Marla always play
at the dog park years ago maybe two
years ago when we first started dancing
music that's gonna have yours he does
tell me you was like oh guess who I saw
at the park to be honest I was like
Marley's twin yeah everything that
you're so sweet and then we met another
boy I'm a college student there are also
nights but it was so funny that we met
them all within like a 10-minute period
energy vibes exercise bam bam bam cuz
culo coffee coffee it's bringing people
together you're out here and I told
Charles I'm as well just bring this
computer to the officer and just to see
if i can do anything because it's
pulping and I know he is hoping they
could somehow recover something
musically we're in the car have 80
bigger place left and now it's 110 so
literally changing as I'm talking good
last word do I know you're down in the
dumps would you like me to sing for you
again yeah I would like you here south
can you imagine if they played that in
here right now and some may just turn
out we became the dad together you like
that are you this you should start
singing this song I don't even know the
weird it's actually kind of funny so
thankfully really buddy think it looks
good Alan I just met a friend and it's
doing
she lost her phone and we just went on a
treasure hunt try to find it we're doing
a lost phone thing we found it I think
we've all been very funny
and you can't just leave somebody
hanging see
we were gonna but always bought our uber
at home because I felt so guilty we
found it it was fun because we weren't
this one stressing out about wasn't our
phone stuff she was she was shaking she
was stressed out but we found it it was
a fun little adventure
to tell you wait where is it make sure
they're evenly
one's bigger than the other
