like the ruling chain of the job one's
bigger than the other good morning
Internet so remember the other day we
had that issue of Ali's note being
deleted today I think we topped it I
just looked at my computer and it looks
like like like 15,000 25,000 15 years of
music you know for my personal library
ripping my CDs all over the course of 15
years back in the day before iTunes all
gone everything's gone so I'm literally
trying to find any hard drive they may
have been smart enough to back it up and
the thing is here this is what's
interesting is I have these hard drives
to where I think it might be but the
problem is they're like fire we're
old-school firewire which no one
supports anymore so I have to go get a
adapter maybe it's on here even if it's
on here it's still not too many updated
ones yeah on this one Jill
firewire this is like literally 15 years
of music so much is gone and I know I
can just redownload it the ones that
want to download it from iTunes but like
a lot of them our ones are actually from
my own CDs that I just didn't want to
have CDs so this sucks I think I have an
idea I think I have an idea this is me
thinking outside the box okay so I don't
have an adapter but look this one has a
USB 2.0 cable so if I do this you can
get to the computer and then this one
doesn't have it so but I can maybe link
it through here and just daisy chain it
and that way it can get access to this
one this probably will work but now the
thing is well the files actually be on
this stupid Drive and this is definitely
not like me - I usually have backups of
backups I think I said the other day
when Ali lost her no I lost hundreds and
hundreds of file years of vlogs back in
the day all right so they're both booted
up just on a crazy side note it's kind
of crazy to think about this is what we
had to use for hard drives and now
everything is super freaking small and
portable and probably on a thumb drive
show me potato salad oh I don't know he
freaked out over something in the trash
bin you got too nervous you're good to a
new video dude it's I have backups of my
original PC on here but I don't have my
iTunes it makes no sense for a little
mark he's making a weird noise we can't
figure out if she's sneezing or she's we
ran honestly I honestly have no ideas
yeah it's this is how freaked out she
gets when she does it Oh
I mean I don't know that's gonna help
you it's so nervous oh honey watch your
head let her just like I'm so nervous
it's okay though oh it's okay may I help
you I got a cookie oh that's so mean
what are you sick
you got a cough what Diesel's just a
spaz
no this is tweed the king this is where
the kings from 2005
so I don't like Star Wars I'm a Star
Trek fan when diesel-run the Sith Lord
will get you she's used to it so he
doesn't care
looks pretty today
thank you it looks a gun no it's called
yes they do look at our fans guys well
what happened yeah do you think Oh Pinos
put that fan in the bedroom and it's
been the greatest thing ever
usually we dropped the air-conditioning
down to a ridiculous like 69 degrees
because the air conditioning is so bad
placed in the bedroom but we have been
doing that fan that we installed
it's like 77 78 degrees right now
I'm sorry Pekka really would take these
candy I want to get a cool fan this is
for the office right that one was pretty
cool too we gotta have it has to have a
light situation that one's badass huge
the wood badass I do miss it the other
house that one thing that I wish we
could take that one with us that it was
so freakin cool
he's like we should go get it I think we
should take it I saw that one that was
cool
empty cart mine mine mine mine I always
saw it I bet you turn me on you turn me
on
you mean I yeah I said he's coming off
turn me on turn me off when you correct
me you turn me off we're trying to
change out our chandelier to update it
you want to flip the switch and turn me
back on oh come on you got to give it to
me the coolest one is that one in the
back yeah but the problem is I'm afraid
because we're going from something like
this where it's super bright so just a
single bulb that's super bright down
there yeah
solid wood organized it for our closet
oh my god I would have died that would
have been perfect that's like my heaven
right there we tried to put together
that like IKEA shindig and my my closet
well it's falling apart and it doesn't
hold it Winnie amazing we could get this
but I guarantee you would never
I mean I guarantee wouldn't look like
that either but still a woman can dream
riding high
that would be great that's all you need
I'm gonna be super immature now I didn't
have to tell you wait that's it
make sure they're even one's bigger than
the other and you guys think I'm the
immature one not even at all yeah you're
511 I find the lemon to weigh the same
size the same size your phone doesn't
even even not even close bad is that an
iPad yes my jokes are three years old
for all you tree stalkers out there hey
babe
isn't this a hoot
do you want to tweet something later boy
that was if that doesn't work I had had
it and I just lost it but it's a hoot
though right kids love me hey bet isn't
something fishy going on
because it's a fish get it I love this
place
what happens if I put them together
no no ding-dong hey bro are you doing in
there you can found the stick I hear the
ice cream joke again
how many people does it take to change a
light bulb in this case quite a lot I
don't really know how to put that back
oh I see the lip but I don't know how to
put it back here okay what I gotta go
feel like this should be in a museum
right here pull it alone an adapter for
it so you're doing that add some double
work that will work out get Zoey on the
other side too so of course it was lazy
girl he's like oh there's another Tory
what a doof work it out
come on my lady we're going on a date
my butterfly sugar mama
I think it's children we should have
baby I actually just said Ali and I were
talking about I said for serious as well
so sugar mama
okay st. Pete I would like to have level
level bricks please gotta make sure that
wait are you sure I don't want that
little cop guy
are we good so we're good okay let's go
check out this babe I throw this up and
catch it without looking
i'ma get a million on
damnit
both you didn't get a million dollars
you lost it super one
no we're not yeah
