come on it's raining again so as you can
see everyone's been kind of hiding right
now you're not supposed to be there you
look incredibly comfortable but you're
not supposed to be there bro we're just
not on the couch you all this you even
have your own chair right here Kailyn
and I just left home goods because
Caitlyn had to get new sheets and
candles and all that fun chats and I
went because I had to get new wine
glasses which is not necessarily a
necessity but I had to get it because
Charles Susan's my wine glasses to drink
his water out of them and then he breaks
them fake rock and he was his water and
he's trying to stay classy with his
water I think he's trying to hang with
all the cool kids you know ha but i'm
trying to get inspiration and ideas for
the wedding like little things i want
tables and just like a little
knickknacks i might want at the wedding
go with the whole design of the wedding
just been giving me lots of inspiration
for what we want to do on the time comes
which were I think we almost said a day
we like kind of narrowed it down to a
month but I think he's almost at the
date we're just gonna get the venue
lockdown and wedding preparation would
be in full force so in the last couple
months I want to say I've noticed in the
comments and I'm like Twitter and
Instagram a lot of people haven't been
getting notifications the subscription
request from our videos and I want to
show you guys a quick little tip or
trick that might actually help it's been
helping me with some of the videos that
i watch so I got to do is go to youtube
com sauce CTFxC and then right here next
between the subscribe button and the
subscriber there's this little sprocket
looking thing you click that and it said
send me all notifications for this
channel you click that and hit save and
you also want to make sure to subscribe
because if it doesn't do that you know
obviously something kind of messed up in
the internet world it's a nice little
trick that I found out because I
personally haven't been to getting some
videos from people that i'm subscribed
to as well I mean that's been helping me
so I figured that best of the long let
me know if that helps train my food
stamp program look at all the little
birds just like lined up on the carts
waiting for someone to drop food on the
ground for them it's actually really
adorable but all my friends I'm making
hi guys if you do I don't know if I can
feed you any of this can eat carrots ah
probably
ok rap he got it so probably I hate me
come to Daddy comfy d be comfortable
Charles has actually been trying to
unpack all the pit stop because being on
tour for three months there's a lot of
dirty clothes that he's gotta get that I
helped him yesterday though like we'd
actually double tuned it yesterday so he
washed everything he did a really good
job it looks really great honey thank
you for your help gotta go to salvation
army a good long enough Oh drop
something off I'm actually really happy
that he's home because not only am i mr.
I'm tremendous thing so if the girls but
it's just nice having somebody there to
like do things with like little normal
tasks that you do around the house but
it's really nice of someone there to
kind of like I don't know kind of give
you the push when you don't want to do
anything else or you know help you get
things done so I'm very lucky that I
have Charles one thing that was really
cool when he came home from tour he
brought home all these beautiful just
like absolutely adorable pieces of art
that some of you guys have made so
there's the three dogs I got Zoey and we
got Marley and we got diesel which I
love that marley was like sticking out
above everybody I love that and then
that is so cool but look at Charles that
is insane these are just so so cool the
other person gave us this which I am in
love with it's so beautiful and we've
got look at that what God that is just
unbelievable can't believe that you guys
do this for us we are so flattered and
we always keep everything that you guys
make but it's like we've been having
issues we don't know where to put it to
put it on the wall loop it on the shelf
so we have so many beautiful pieces of
our work that you try and like switch
them out and like put some upstairs in
the game room and then some of them we
put up stop put in the office but thank
you guys so much we really really
appreciate it it's all just so
incredible you all are very talented and
we appreciate you so the only dog
it's really hard to get out of your
pocket oh yeah oh yeah I'm see it's the
snowdog the beach but does not really
really really different really find them
fully attacked Isis matterr careful yeah
we're tell you that I told you Paloma
splendid cat she was like god that's
really disgusting that's good you look
so good just to Crate it now let me just
give everybody a shot of this with the
wind blowing in your hair Claire t-shirt
oh you're so logistic so we're walking
by and we saw these cute dogs and then
all of a sudden Alyssa and Alexis their
fans of the CTFxC and she started
freaking out because they hurt Ali I was
like can I hit your dogs and who was
this one hi foxy who are you Messalina i
lo de lunes is a camera whore father and
daughter they get some pokemon right now
let's go get something I don't know what
your cut oh my god
graveler you just gotta hold it down
till it gets the closer and then you
just flick it so when he gets closest to
his face yeah then you just flick it
forward Ali's gonna catch my first
Pokemon you didn't get a little harder I
don't know how to catch a Pokemon he's
got a flick it harder pi I would have
been very very ashamed no no don't step
you guys jump give me camera don't hurt
yourself come on I know you can do this
it's a little intimidating I'm not gonna
lie whoo standing jump you did don't
four the Olympics 2016 either so good
wait we're in 2016 we are 2020-21 had
four can go there 2021 hotel spurs in my
hand us sealing away people off force
her to only you to it are you calm now
highly doubt it look at her honey don't
do that too early I don't want to fall
would sort yeah I know join in love but
is really funny they smell all the dogs
we just met Marley for heaven's sakes
homegirls izo to Votto order puppy Jimmy
step hi indeed my dog we did just get so
happy when we come back home do you want
to go for a golf cart ride okay guess
that's what it is
everyone wants to go on a golf cart we
got safety mirrors now golf cart once we
want to golf cart ride do you want to go
golf cart he go for a ride safety meters
check headlights check we're all good
said mar they just ran off do you not
want a ride I forgot to charge this
thing while I was gone so there's like
no juice there's barely the juice and
like no power right now come on I have
more power going backwards well just
gonna make sure you go downhill now no
I'm not gonna make it more power going
backwards right now I might have that
Valley pushes so all Charles is taking
dogs out on a golf retreat and decided
that I'm going to bake something because
for those of you who do not know the
Charles's birthday it's actually coming
up very very soon it's actually on the
second of September and we're going to
be away I wouldn't make him a cake it's
all really stupid it's like way ahead of
his birthday
joking
Oh
shut up golfer and usually so I decided
to make a few cupcakes and a little cake
so in to the oven thank God Zoey can
walk without at least some time we had
abandoned the golf cart and come back
and maybe have a like pushes for their
car come on you guys this is miserable
now gonna make sure my golf cart wasn't
stolen I don't think it was now I was
just afraid of falling and busting my
face like I did every work for but I got
this in 2014 for every day I'm workforce
and say this is up that's what we're
resorting to you right now guys working
oh it's definitely go just push the
whole way we finally got it in Ali I end
up having to push it and this is our
reward fun little cupcakes it for them
enough want that Raymond not bound oh I
feel better after that horrific
experience we just had I came back and
Ally surprised you guys knew I just
added the video I saw she told you guys
but she made a cake it's it happy early
b-day a is it beating be bday okay you
don't realize is that it's hot that's
why don't I am see this is why I love my
fiancee with two is it to ease do you
know if you out say with the females
juiz or 1e I've no idea actually have
netbook because I noticed like when I
try to write fiance there's two ways
that come up with two E's a1e oh that's
lovely that's why I love you so much on
this note i will see you guys tomorrow i
hope that little trick I showed you guys
at the beginning of the vlog actually
helps don't forget to subscribe you guys
are brand new guys
