what is that creepy noise oh boy so good
afternoon internet you know it's like
almost four in the afternoon you're
still in your pjs these are my work
pants both I think I work pants right
now let me ask you this 4pm have you
brushed your teeth yes I actually have
Charles yes Charles so those have you
have you brushed your hair have you
brushed your hair I never goes on here I
just go like this Deb do turn on no no
it's 4pm I'm sweating a second so so you
put deodorant on so you don't smell uh
antiperspirant it's deodorant you doof
antiperspirant bad for you got aluminum
okay acid deodorant so you don't smell
you gotta stop doing that thank you got
me that's why you're about you trying to
help me try to help me you know what oh
honey that's a new comforter online
don't actually cool clock so we love you
and I know I soil Dubai lick no gas the
bad damn this one talking about come on
get down all the bed get your butt no
the bed get down come on good girl she's
a good girl you're an asswipe wow you're
so mean I guess I'm gonna have to pick
it up
but I thought you brushed your teeth I
want to do it again I thought you
brushed you too I did but I ate the
sandwich liar pants on fire I did but I
ate a sandwich so I have to do it again
we I know we just I actually have to go
get toothpaste when he goes me to go get
it done some very fun this could be a
really fun day that's really freaking
weird ah for some reason I'm incredibly
nervous to do this because to remember
last time we put up a fan yeah the
apartment yeah and it was like ratalie
lolz ratalie because we didn't do it
right he's right under the bed well this
way well that's so messed up I feel like
that's only way to promote oh my god she
just like punched him right in the face
yeah that's our pile of laundry I'm
sorry not really going swimming but
that's really as big moves real dick
move it was big Rana so right now we're
gonna take this light that we have in
the center of our ceiling out and
replace it with a fan cuz it gets a
little toasty in here it's all the cars
awesome all the fires off now yeah we're
good that would be awful if we got
electrocuted trying to change this great
for the vlogs and I want to do that for
the looks yeah I'll hang on to this for
you Jonah got the bomb Melissa doesn't
fall do you know what you're doing yeah
I mean that I don't I've never seen
these little dudes before what little
dudes classic once I've only seen needs
for it makes sense the good news is they
did good wiring bad news is there's a
spider with my couple awful news I think
I see how it is does it look like
there's a clamp they put it in the clamp
and then there's a rubber thing so you
have to kind of go like this I don't
know let me see really quick making Ali
do all the electrical work cuz I don't
trust myself right now go and then
there's this little guy
that's through there that's why you sure
about these that boy so I think those
are the ground well that's why I start
to figure out like it because these
aren't coming out of the top up here
that's fine what's for my confusion at
settings when you don't know youtube
video stick it through the whole bed if
you guys were over the last time we
tried to hang a fan it was at my
sister's apartment it worked but it was
squeaky make sure this doesn't do that
again we're actually gonna have a lead
you must of the work and not me i'm just
going to supervise are you ready to tap
me and I can help you yeah but I don't
think you can't help me or that part
okay I have a rod so I know how to use
it was Anita you're so terribly funny
and weird the were so good where's the
lucky part right there is that both the
orange ones up there oh oh god I don't
like climbing under a ladder that's
really bad luck ain't gone through it
like a goober a down so I got a little
striptease right here I think it's time
we get good buddy no you're completely
tetris tennis this is tetris all over
this you know the ironic part about this
whole situation because i need a light
rain
you said you need those stomach workout
blah blah Bloo don't know my head I'm
going to be flattered I don't want
little pepper
O'Malley when I got lay down kid movie
abundance of life did all this work and
then we realized that the plastic piece
wasn't put on there and chose me take it
all apart so we I made it to put it all
apart but then we found out we could
move it over there impressive though
right look at that see what we did wrong
last time is if you put the fans Boyd's
on it and then we try to balance it with
all that crap versus putting all this in
there now please put the poison was in
bexar screw the sex is good for this
it's all right you all right
look why is it so difficult no it make
sense go back in a fight watching this
really do the hole what the
idiots
oh my god okay so the fans up honey what
what what happens you find pieces yeah
oh look out pieces the screw yeah yeah
that was a nexus girl he had me scared
too cuz we're not done yet I got I'll
turn the power back on okay three two
one oh hey one job we did think today
was like the day that we really wanted
to kind of get really back into cleaning
everything for the house cuz when i was
gone this place was amazing Ali made it
so nice then of course I come home and I
destroy I don't destroy things it's just
my ad to another person you came in like
a wrecking ball you stay guide you've it
so I do the dad jokes she doesn't mom
jokes and we'll let the internet decide
so having the chair or the picnic table
thing like this or the other idea was
that we flipped it the other way so
we're gonna try both ways
you
this was the other direction uh I kind
of like that we can always switch it
back I kind of like it because it's new
so we can have a fraud a little bit and
then maybe switch it back I can't help
you I can't help you
nobody remember to learn I'm sorry
anybody really cares nothing more so I'm
digging through here so we can get rid
of this thing like I feel like it's kind
of like a treasure trove of things I
found the first pic I ever designed
which is very very minimal for what we
the kings I found an old button and lots
of old SD cards and this old garbage
camera not garbage I shouldn't say
garbage but this old camera that I tried
just because I thought it'd be nice
because it's so much smaller it wasn't
terrible it just wasn't asked me nicely
thought it was gonna be it's like this
is still got clips on yours diesel then
I found some old Polaroids I don't
remember taking any of these lots of old
batteries so many cameras that we've
gone through these all once represented
the camera nobody come on this is how we
always beat it.remember ones though
let's just go outside come on pal
every time we go outside you stop like
getting all nervous come on come on no
Zoe come on
it's not that bad guys so I'm getting
some editing done in advance so I taught
to do this late at night and if you guys
remember yesterday at the beginning of
yesterday I was like Cinderella with all
the dogs that's my turn to be Cinderella
all because of the thunder they're all
hanging out Zoe's got a so judgey
how Zoe's got this right here so every
time she looks like i love how Zoe's got
this right here so every time she looks
at you she just looks at you like she
was giving you this stank eye with her
little heart on her face okay anyway so
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
got a bunch of stuff done I'm gonna go
help diesel right now so I will see you
guys tomorrow if you guys have not
already don't forget to subscribe and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
maybe I'll see you guys at playlist what
is it my birthday step 10 per second
I'll see you guys at playlist live in DC
so pour diesel all right diesel say
goodnight yeah I think
you
