we got to recycle those nope I lost a
new okay which sounds really crazy and
stupid but uh so I've been working on
this project for a really really really
long time
I basically was running down a lot of
things that I was working on in my notes
on my phone with the remote I don't know
if it's the most recent update or what
it was but I went in there this morning
and the note is completely gone which
has all of my information that I've been
working on for a really really long time
so literally for the past like three
hours we have been trying to figure out
where it is and if it's gone I'm a
little devastated I thought this crazy
idea even the Apple Genius it's not I
was a genius I took the old icon dug up
for Ally's I called backup instead of
risking it and not even being there and
her phone but I'm here and then email or
know if you guys have any other ideas
let me know because I feel like that's
the smartest idea to do this I don't
know that big old block that I have is
because I lost two years of vlogs and
though my daily photos Ally knows I was
freaking out the guys know who someone
where I dropped the phone and y know it
was rehearsal just before tour I know
the daily photos I've been doing I did
it uploaded one from one year but I've
been doing it now for four years four
and a half years and I lost all those
and I was freaking out so bad but I
found him
just a simple we're hoping that that
actually works out with me because it
was kind of a rough morning for me the
what was few jobs do but I throw an
apple TV and something inside dude it's
raining it's done
all at the same time super confusing all
right you got the right idea favorite
game
then Marley comes to ruin the game hey
great oh she just farted Marley did you
seriously just fart you hear the fart so
nobody's doing this like phantom scratch
like a mic you know no legs
calm yourself oh no just kidding just
kidding
char's actually in 10x right now
dropping off something to send out and I
was just sitting in the car I was
looking at my phone and I realize I have
a splinter I don't know if you guys can
see it I don't think it's gonna focus
with me don't focus on my face see focus
on my thumb focus on my thumb right
there look at it that what happened to
me right now I feel like I'm going
through one of those moments in my life
where it's like trying to be a bad day
things are just not really like working
out the way that they should I feel like
with most people were to get them down
and honestly like I'm kind of feeling a
little frustrated about everything
that's been happening today nothing's
really been working in my favor and then
I'm Kris against Splinter which does
nothing to the world not being able to
find that one particular note I know it
sounds so dumb I really do I know that's
gonna come off like I'm being a whiny
ass baby but it's a project that I've
been working on and I just had all that
information about different people that
I've been communicating with I'm just
hoping I'm just praying and hoping that
I'm not stupid enough to not back it up
anywhere else and I hope that the last
time I backed it up its taped everything
but fingers crossed we'll just see
little dusty I'm gonna drink my god
friends job you're not swear I got a
squatter my thumb
that's the worst it doesn't hurt no
that's just a cut I don't even know
where that came from this fry from
yesterday when I heard were here yes
probably no I think that's from when I
went paddleboarding yesterday did
something oh yeah it's right there on my
thumb I was like trying to ship that
thing out mm-hmm because I didn't eat
when I took my medication so I'm like
standing there like this I feel all
woozy yeah right before we actually left
to come here Charles is like I'm eating
something unimaginable out of it and
that's one thing that I've always says
the same as if you doesn't eat before we
take these meds he does get you do get
really really bad try getting on stage
than I can in two days I'm walked over
like that and I just walked off the
hitch well I can't even imagine even do
it second time looking for wedding
venues we kind of have a place where
we're kind of thinking about we've been
looking at a few places and these
haven't filmed them all yet yes one
filmed them all because I don't know of
some of the videos that we've looked at
if I actually want to have the ceremony
there we get married it from that house
right there but there's like this really
beautiful place in st. Pete and it's
actually you come in right here have all
those chairs right here and then get
married under this really beautiful
gazebo kind of thing that they have it's
kind of a cool background
Oh
that I pronounce watch your head
right nobody like that so my idea of
formatting this original iPhone and
Bally's stuff actually worked so I got
her nose did you see bit I don't know I
don't think it did did it work
they work their work oh my god who's a
genius oh my god you don't understand my
heart I want to cry right now so much
you love it I worked so hard on that I
want you to say on camera okay
my fiance is a genius my mom I go to
beach you dick I knew you under there
oh my god that's hurts my ears I gotta
undo all that so loud go play with all
the fish
31 got this got to talking
take you down take your heart
we're trying to get out here for sunset
we got like an hour left come on guys
let's go to the pool of the world a cave
the ocean
I was stuck inside trying to recover
Ali's thing all day so we kind of got
all cooped up so we had to just get
outside and be in Florida
the beach is the best place to do that
she's like this is my towel right go he
never does this if you're wondering why
he's on the leash is because he's a
nincompoop and he just wanders off he's
kind of like me we're just distracted by
things something shiny he's swimming let
him go he's actually swimming right now
zowie just want to hang out with us and
barley just wants to get dirty
diesel go get a fish he keeps finding
those little Guppies and like dunking
his head underwater to the rock
extract that rock she's dredging she
dredged the rock out don't run away and
come back here hey come here
well geez don't don't worry about my
legs
it's actually like really nice to come
out here at sunset there's not a lot of
people out here and I think the dogs
like really enjoy it because they get a
little like around diesel tends to bolt
one way and then the other way Zoey just
has a mind of her own and then Marley's
kind of father does hey there's actual
freaking mosquitos of course at the
beach of course in Florida there's gonna
have to be mosquitos or the beautiful
beach that is really
she's like good you'd like that you like
a dude though so we had a little mishap
in the car I don't know if these all got
too excited this is not funny
I don't know diesel got too excited at
the beach what are you why you over
there you cooked up Marley in the car
it's not good not even it should be
funny but it's a little funny
Nikki Nikki
