back at the freakin airport and I'm just
waiting for everybody right now because
I can't check all this by myself or this
is just gonna be some free stuff hanging
outside the North Carolina Airport the
airport's there's like two huge dynamics
at departures there's like sadness
everywhere and then it arrivals there's
nothing but pure joy which is kind of
funny to see those teases sometimes like
this Airport this one for example
they're - they're both dropping off and
arriving at the same place
so you can see both and that's why I've
actually bring this up
with this cardboard with it scary thing
happened it happened basically what
happened was it fell from tock Charles
who found it under the seat of the car
okay
so technically and then lose it but I
kind of lost it it fell under the seat
of the car but we found it so Cara's
back so like I said I'm you know going
paddleboarding with my mom and I'm
really excited because I got this new
suit by my friend that I actually met
when I was in Hawaii she actually has a
bathing suit line called main design
this is actually what the suit looks
like it's really really cool like green
and it was like really really cool back
very excited to wear this cuz she sent
me three suits and I have not been able
to wear them yet well I actually were
one when we were in Vegas but I have
completely and utterly spoiled you you
have to get out you have to get off this
bed I spoiled you don't give me that
look
I'm glad the living room was your dad
well he wants attention right now
here you go very go there's all the
attention in the world
what okay all right got the towel up
camera
I just gotta get paddleboards gonna
kayaks little bright out are you ever
gonna like me are you ever gonna like me
like nope I'm like my mom my dad mom
singing in Washington I get down there
so she doesn't down words actually said
by her so I'm gonna grab this over here
back
so Ellie went to go kayaking or
paddleboarding with her mom and her
sister I wanted to go but I can't do it
like waking up at 4:00 in the morning
and flying and running I don't know if
you guys noticed I had to actually run
to my last flight to get here but
actually I don't know if you guys
noticed I ran up to the escalator and
felt two times going up the escalator
and I don't know if you guys are ever
tripped going up an escalator it's not
fun but you you're productive you feel
like you're still moving you even though
you fall anyway what was it talking
about
no it's actually not shallow
good-bye baby on the treetop
the windows
that's like a little beach actually at
the front of their house there's a girl
road right there and they made their own
little Beach which is really really cool
Diesel's walked into a pool hopefully
they'll come into this pool too so
having all the dogs over here so my mom
got my sister these two like once a key
lime tree and one I think it's just a
lime tree I'm not really sure so I
decided to take a few home and see if
they actually taste good this is a key
lime I think this other one's key lime
but I don't know what these two are
I'm sorry I'll let it all stop oh it's
this garbage stick it ACK
Oh marlis try to play what do you want
there okay
well I guess I now know what you want
they ever got sorry what do you want I
forgot I don't understand that you want
never guys what you want occasions that
oh that the door since our TV broke
months ago we're finally getting around
to actually replacing it I feel like
it's been months ago how long has it
been months ago okay well four weeks is
a month
yeah so keep you a month ago weeks ago I
guess if I'm not being specific weeks
ago our TV broke for treat yourself day
we treat ourselves to a new TV and we're
gonna have that one like repaired or
looked at yeah it cost more money to fix
the TV which is stupid well it's like to
fix the TV can cost almost as much as
yeah exactly
same thing yeah exactly we are going to
try to find I don't know if these exist
like TV repairman I remember back in the
day when there was VCR repair people
those don't exist and if they do they're
usually store fronts for drug dealers or
something else everyone or shady
something they're always next to like a
an adult film place or in a shadiest
place in the world it's true I will
drive by any VCR repair may I challenge
you drive don't go in just dry Pass
anywhere that says VCR repair and look
how shady it is I promise you
so of course it would happen that we
don't have the right bolts to hook these
little like I don't know what you want
to call them this is basically like the
part of the mounting that hooks the TV
hooks to the TV that hooks up here so of
course these that were on the old TV are
just - I know not that long I know you
are but so basically we have to go now
and get oh yeah we're gonna go Home
Depot and we've got to find bolts that
are thinner than this so that we can
hook it up there and yeah you really do
smell you smell really bad
have you son Davey okay home do you Bo
this smell good now right you smell
better it doesn't take away the fact
that you need to take a shower he starts
talking and then mid-sentence
he just stops it's like finding a bolt
in the bolt stack
no it seriously it sucks so many options
1/4 oh there we go
put the screw in the hole oh my god
there's so many dad jokes going on right
now do you know those are called homer
buckets I'm not even kidding they called
Homer buckets yeah don't you know I know
we literally got everything set up and
then we're both like what's this cord
it's the power cable for the damn TV
we're geniuses
excuse me way to clean things up I
didn't want to throw in the trash
