I used to try to one to learn how to
play violin and that's literally so
better than whatever we decided not to
take the plane and we're taking a little
road trip road trip
oh good rest of the guys are actually
took the plane there's a Giant Peach
this were looking for yeah we're doing
the world biggest booty cuz you know the
peach emoji
this thing right here are you gonna are
you gonna pull a knife with a puller
right here right by your face let me
show wait oh no we've already seen that
before I get it all day
the dad's up front making dumb jokes dad
jokes for days hey what up teach young
preacher gotta leave don't you make like
a peach and leave
litchi brother be chipper oh my god it
looks like a pleasure it's a little
nubber good miles could get on this hog
kitchen what'd he say it's 30 miles per
gallon just what I thought any stupid
you go and do something like redeem
yourself
what's that fun on the plane today it
was beautiful sleeping in till ten or
eleven or twelve never woke up and
welcome to another episode of just the
kabbala guy
there's timeless
sometimes I think you can hear Elvis
sideburns they actually got a camera
there wasn't a vote
Travis even asked him to do it so it was
opportunity cart sideburn sideburns and
then did they go Stamos
we're gonna leave the show tonight like
really I don't know we just chanted a
bunch of full house stuff so my mom just
got here and we are going to go for a
short walk and then later on today we're
actually going to go to my cousin's
fiancees baby shower so they are
actually having a baby in the next like
two months right October the October so
we're gonna be heading to that tonight
but we're gonna go get a little exercise
in today it finally stopped raining we
were actually gonna go on the
paddleboard sit on the kayaks but it's
been raining all morning so we decided
instead of getting stranded out in the
water we should just go for a walk with
the rhymes so dangerous so danger
is walk by
did you when you get those another guy
there my Scooby Snacks we just got out
of the car and look at all of the lily
pads in the pond I don't think I've ever
seen this pond actually had that many
he's like wait for me guys
wait for me
oh you can see it over there
that's a huge stage take a seat Sophie
take a seat
just take a seat that's a little weird
just cupping everything that was amazing
so Sophie just informed me that this
entire street is filled with roughly
50,000 people yeah you can't see from
here it runs a mile down if somehow we
can do was we got a pokey stop actually
Frankie got excited isn't a pokey stop
we didn't know the stage let's go over
there and we'll hold hands like Red
Rover Red Rover I just bring them all
over just be like sorry this way and
then once you get a couple of people
like everybody else will just kind of
follow just like sorry there's a bunch
of hot coffee spilled over here you
don't want step but yeah if we do that
we can literally play the biggest show
ever
we're playing MC State today and so he
just gave us a shirt that they gave us
and I couldn't help but see how it looks
like five nights our Freddie and it
looks like Frankie agrees to such a liar
I don't even know you Frankie while you
get in camera again no I don't know the
five or one from that one where you see
Frankie just chant Frankie Frankie
Frankie Frankie Frankie what 44 with
your fork son you got a fork because
it's like a fork yeah like I could never
do it
that's bleonard something to do with
your middle finger we finally made it to
Tiffany's baby shower and it's actually
is this really cool restaurant that I've
never been to inter so Todd I had to run
outside and grab my camera from the car
cuz of course they left to them there
but it's kind of cool to see all of her
family cuz I've never actually met any
of her family before and all the cousins
are gonna come together and there's a
ton of babies in there my grandmother
right now has been asking me if I have
baby fever
not yet guys I do not have baby fever
and I am not pregnant
I love you guys can see how many people
all the way down there little bit good
show all right Sophie and I are gonna
race
you got the camera ready Frankie as if
they've never seen your face
forget this
it's actually my cousin BJ and this is
his fiancee Tiffany and she's the little
preggers and that's me and Andy and
that's Google grandma I said Google
grandma no there's Linda and you know my
mom God is absolutely beautiful
but this is definitely a really really
cool venue that's like too good to eat
right there
it's so pretty there they are there's
some Mama and Daddy
oh we're not taking fiction on filming
but you can pose
you know children
- Soviets
hi professor would I go
I gotta play show
I admit it Sophie here one and of course
I came out of price again
my fingers are like this - here let me
shake your hand good job Frank is just
watching criticizing so far that's what
it's looking like Frankie's got a GoPro
out the window not creepy at all no no I
kept by the funniest compliment or I'm
just think how the government how drunk
I'd have to be to come up to you and be
like reiterate exactly yes those girls
just thought I was Drake oh I do I look
like a right you look really Canadian I
do and then all of a sudden Coley starts
singing drinking and doing a little leg
wobbly anything that wear pajamas and
still you look very cool yeah
this is the classy way to do it right
right through the garage
don't look at me like that each room
come on each food oh I have a feeling
I'm gonna be playing this game with him
pretty much all night but so the baby
shower is like such a success my cousin
kicked ass when it came to putting that
together
one thing that was so crazy was the
amount of babies that were there and I
it kind of it hasn't really hit me yet
that I'm at that age where all of my
friends and family that are around the
same age as me are actually getting
married and having children so it was
kind of a weird moment for me today just
being surrounded by that and a wonderful
moment - don't get me wrong but it is a
little strange to think about just a few
years ago I couldn't even imagine having
kids and now everyone that I know is
having children ah yeah it's a lot it's
a lot to take in but anyways I loved it
I'm so happy to be there with all my
family and I hope you guys enjoyed
watching what you got Frankie coca-cola
we uh we found four beers in our
refrigerator hotel we got some beers I
got my salad I'm gonna go to bed right
now this is a good thing about the the
college shows is that we can play these
amazing shows and see all you guys and
get to go home really early after a
couple days I hope you guys enjoyed them
freakin beautiful run away so I will see
you guys tomorrow
Thanks
