alright guys so this is going to be a
very informal I don't know why I just
did that whole thing it just felt more
comfortable a very informal kind of
thing we usually sit down here and it's
very like structure very formal but we
wanted to kind of just talk about some
of our favorite I got a list right here
favorite moments of 27 yes 2017 was a
pretty awesome year and I completely
finally eventful very but yeah and
sometimes we forget about that so we
asked you guys on Twitter and Facebook
what are some of your favorite moments
and it kind of reminded us how many
moments that we completely forgot about
and how much how many things that we've
done yeah just memorable that I can't
believe didn't pop on our heads right
away I know so the first one we've got
to do it first
our wedding it's great
this thing weighs 15 pounds unable to
exercise Amara
I loved our wedding it was simple and
beautiful and all of our wonderful
friends and family were there and it
just it was it was honestly perfect it
was like a closed party yeah really
intimate party yeah I enjoyed every
aspect of it everyone that was there
everyone involved from like our florist
who our photographer or videographer is
just everything turned out so beautiful
and I feel like I was very us yeah in
the food truck we had no shoes no she
had no shit okay this is a true story I
did not know she got she did that until
she actually got out of the ceremony and
we were getting into the car I did not
know that
okay so subsequently the other thing is
on our way to the reception somebody
Canton losses car which we were in
that's like a moment I'll never think
that's on top of the whole wedding
something I feel like that's like the
icing on the cake it's really funny and
Melissa was such a trooper it was a bad
memory
yeah she's such an awesome memory and a
positive attitude obviously so the
wedding number one most amazing moment
of 2017 I'm not to go the second one
would probably be I mean not these are
no specific orders I just what we kind
of talked seriously there's so many cool
things we did in Hawaii are you sure
that's really what decide oh time that
closure or
every out for me right now that's a
tough young
it's the same bring it over here bring
it over here the red one it's the same
pattern is like swimming with sharks I
literally got out of the cage and almost
was eaten by a shark that's not true the
largest in Hawaii huh
d exactly almost eaten by a shark no and
then then we got the gloves snorkelling
and we got to just kind of a Sophie and
we just got to go didn't see the
beautiful Jurassic Park yeah we just
took like a really cool day worth of
adventure and I think that was such a
great group of people that just made
this trip so much better and Ali took
about 40 million photos of the same
mountain he was great I'm not gonna try
to show you guys that stuff because this
whole camera roll just a camera roll
yeah and I think that's like something
from the 90s it's a camera was it was a
wonderful trip full of awesome memories
yeah so I'd say Hawaii when in Hawaii
gotta say the honeymoon
ruffridge honeymoon was amazing moment
so we're not really sure where exactly
we're heading there's a Hershey kiss
forever
we went 700 feet below the circuit
cabins beautiful caverns
sandesh I got to go down the sand dunes
in the snowboarding kind of thing
redwood forest that was amazing it's so
insane
no one ever I got birthed out and there
was the Yellowstone and the geysers this
is me being justified on the camera that
is awesome Grand Canyon
oh my god the Grand Canyon seriously
that is the most amazing thing if you
guys have never been there please please
please please go check it out it looks
like a green screen oh my gosh that's
unbelievably beautiful there's nothing
amazing way to actually there's still a
couple that I talked to you that we met
on our trip
yeah and they keep up with us all the
time they might watch the video oh
thanks for helping us fix that the RV
luckily Ali came up with this brilliant
idea that we made this video like
summarizing all the cool places that we
actually went to on an RV trip so take
it away
yep
no and Oliver idea and that's it's kind
of hard there was sewing awesome things
out are not to saying that then they got
our little list yeah there's its name no
specific order but one big moment for me
and and I think Charles was when we met
my niece yeah I met my knees first and
then he met my knees by she's cooking
with first meet yeah yeah and it was
once she's so precious
she's beautiful and she's healthy and
I've never seen my brother or his fiance
as happy as they are now so that was a
really big moment I would definitely
have to put that on the list as well
though he has this little list right now
we have to keep looking at okay so I
would say another fun moment that we do
is the third annual Halloween Horror
Nights that we got to do completely I
shouldn't say I get the film everything
and I get the laughing I think Danny got
really scared this just a little bit
I would only say that was a little bit
right there every year for the past
three years we were given this privilege
I'm not only being invited to go to
Halloween Horror Nights but we were able
to here's a light we're gonna walk you
through the entire thing and you're not
gonna get in trouble so that was amazing
I think like last three years you're
gonna do a cool thing that we were able
to do and I think one of the most
amazing parts for me was I was able to
start driving again this year they
actually do this part I've actually
driven this car as simple as you
actually kind of crazy for me go do some
some tail whips and maybe some drifting
drift 2017 was hasn't been driving I
literally bought that car in 2013 2014
and I never was able to drive it until
the beginning of this year hands down to
me one of the coolest things was being
able to drive again I think another
really big moment was when we rescued
Rica and the most random way and in the
most perfect way oh he's got on your
face
get off my face that's we need a heating
pad but a lot of things on top of it
okay so how many weeks do you think it
is how many ounces ounces how big is she
yeah god I couldn't tell you she's
little when we found our cat weird cat
people know the day but we're not cat
people were Rica people here Inca people
the fact that we found her the day
before the hurricane before things went
super crazy I think that it was such a
miracle and it was just it was like
supposed to happen yeah it was totally
meant to happen but obviously the
hurricane kind of made everyone kind of
evacuate we did not evacuate cuz we were
not in the line of the hurricane it was
scary but going down that road was 49th
Street right it's a very very busy road
and we drive about we'd go on it all the
time and it's so busy
it's like back to back traffic the fact
that the hurricane made everyone
evacuate and essentially saved her life
because she would not have made the
cross that road
and founder there and look what we found
on the road look like we just adopted a
cat oh now we have five dogs and a
kidney same thing the hurricane was such
a big moment for us yeah first time that
I've ever been scared of a hurricane
right it was truly the first time
because we saw the devastation to happen
in the Texas it was like back-to-back it
was the first time I think truly in my
history of experiencing hurricanes with
Florida it was the first time I think
all of us were ever really really scared
and like we do back in reporting up
there yeah that was really turn that was
terrifying like okay now everything is
kind of like hitting me a little bit
more I because okay in the years my
adult years I should say I've never seen
this and apparently there's like a
couple of their locations and had those
locations people have been waiting for
hours on end and these
so we'll be here tomorrow at 7 a.m.
we're coming that early we get there so
finding the positive came out of it
which was everyone was safe and that we
found Rico issues and then obviously you
guys know Ali came up with a name Rica
because it's in the middle of hurricane
and we found her in the middle and when
we came so that was a good time of it
yeah yeah so Rica definitely began on
that one would have to be one of the
coolest things
what are they another this is kind of
just a goofy one but the the day I
camped out from the iPhone X iPhone 10 I
don't know what I was doing what I was
thinking sorry the stupidest thing ever
did but I made friends with random
people we hid I remember the funniest
thing is that we I told Ali when I came
home I was like hey hun I almost got
arrested for trying to get a cell phone
basically I was hiding in a bush yeah
the cops came after me and then saw
these other people speeding so he left
me and went after them here's my game
plan hiding in some bushes right now
just outside of the
okay that's a memory another memorable
moment for sure would have to be the
Santa's surprise for me oh yeah see yes
that was so much fun
it was fun it was it was a jolly old
good time but I don't know why this then
pops in my head right away cuz we're
planning this again this year but our
first trip to the snow with the top it
was at the beginning of last year didn't
January we wanted to take the dogs to
see snow for the first time ever we
thought it'd be really cute really fun
he's having the most fun coming back to
the whole thing that Holly and I are
very spontaneous we woke up on a
Wednesday or Thursday or like is this
snowing let's go see you snow I'm gonna
start driving and we you know found a
place as we were driving up and then the
last thing I would have to say would be
probably you know the home town show the
tents and you know hometown show and
just the 10 year tour and general Tori
is just fun and this year we have a lot
of touring than seeing a lot of you guys
so but I'm looking forward to 2018 and
like all the adventures that we're gonna
have and those are things that we're
gonna do and honestly I kind of want
this to be a thing that we do every year
before we get to look back and be like
and who knows thing is like this is just
only a little bit of this stuff so in
the comments I want you guys from this
past year 2017 that somebody said it
actually was really clever I was like
what's the coolest thing of this year
and it was like this year's only two
days Bravo sir yeah it was actually
pretty I actually left out left out loud
that's just lol I don't know where I'm
at I want you guys to tell me in the
comments what your favorite moment or
moments were from from 2017 with the
CTFxC because I can guarantee I'm gonna
read these comments I was gonna read
these comments or we were like oh my god
I forgot about that down below please
let us know I kind of want to know what
you guys think might happen this year
yeah whatever your predictions yeah
we're gonna take trips do you think that
we're gonna risk
another animal do you think that we're
gonna go on another road trip what do
you think oh yeah guys thank you so much
for watching today's video being a part
of last year and being a part of this
year you guys mean the world to us and
you guys will probably never know how
much you guys are a part of our family
as we probably are to you and your
family so and guys honestly we look
forward to taking more adventures with
you this yeah you're coming along a lot
we have a lot of things we're gonna be
doing a lot of traveling so guys we'll
see you tomorrow thanks for subscribing
cuz you're better than ever day and the
Bell I always have to remember to say
you like it subscribe hit the bell the
Bell yeah share with your friends share
with your friends and just enjoy the
video that you already enjoyed right do
you enjoyed it anyway guys thank you so
much for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow alright guys I guess
