what do you think you like this is this
what you were dreaming up today we're
actually going to go look or start the
process of looking for wedding venues we
have an idea of what we kind of want and
also today's an exciting day because we
got the brand-new g7x mark two's in
stock Annabel's are hearing the
transition from low light to normal
light is a lot quicker so it doesn't
look so dark source so long and the
autofocus is better yes I don't have
scissors
funny story about this is that they've
screwed up and put the wrong shipping
address and they send it to my other
house so they had to resend it there it
is the cutest and funniest thing about
coming back on tour is watching all the
people all my friends coming back and
just posting photos of them and their
dog snacks
there's Frankie and his dog and then
there's Jake's dog they're just dogs
everywhere it's so funny it happens
every tour every time somebody comes
home from tour just nothing but dogs the
exterior looks a little bit different if
I have to show you guys alright so
here's the g7x mark 1 you see how
there's no grip this is going to help
save me so much I think literally from
falling looks almost identically the
same though that's a little different
it's like going the way of the Sony tell
us it's like closed up a little bit I
don't know why cameras do this
it just feels cheaper like this feels
nice and sturdy maybe this goes out oh
that's why because it does this which I
don't know what the point is but it does
that that's why it's like but I don't
like that something like that just like
it's just another thing to break knowing
me so we're actually heading off to our
very first video and st. Petersburg
could this look good I got a new
microphone the top of my camera oh
you're gonna see it so I'm using my Sony
camera that I got for Christmas because
we don't use it that often and actually
whenever you video record on it this
town sounds bad so I got a new market
pump see for the top of it you can see
you can you see it
whoo this is exciting because we're
trying to set a date for our wedding
in order to set a date for a wedding you
have to have the venues so right now
we're gonna go check out a venue though
it's kind of cool it's a little bit
funky and we have to be there in like
five minutes and Charles is taking a
sweet ol time to get there it's bigger
taking a suite Oh time to actually get
ready to go yeah we got a new camera
oh yeah well hey don't I get your shoes
on let's hit the road be really good
I love how that's kitchen after I just
cleaned it blew up would you like to say
anything to the camera let's go
brand-new clip you're not so funny as
I'm sure you guys are so sick and tired
of us going it's a new camera this is
the first live on the new camera cut
serve I like this happens so many times
so many times at least twice a month the
wedding preparation has already begun
but it like the venues are now starting
I should say so we've kind of done
things a little bit ass-backwards
and tried on some dresses but there's a
reason why I tried on dresses yeah
there's something special coming up I
will find out probably next month I
think we were talking about dates and in
order to get what he wants a different
time friends and I want so if he wants
his time frame I'm really in the middle
I think you're gonna meet in the middle
I'm willing to do it at that time frame
because I still like it I just wonder
you we're finding out we can get we can
think of all the dates that we want but
it doesn't matter until we find a venue
so we find a venue we see what they have
available and then we go from there we
have a different taste then I think most
people do as far as like we don't want
like an artsy we don't want like a I
don't want to be 20 we don't want beach
weddings that's one thing we don't want
and I think that I'm you told Charles I
think I'm gonna make most of the things
for our wedding because I I know what I
want and I'm I don't have a control
freak because that's not it but I'm
she's fragile already guys it's more
like because I like to be artistic and
they're certain like I did it with my
sister we made so much from her wedding
and I loved it I love the process and it
came out the way that we wanted like we
could have bought certain things but
instead we saved so much money
making our home and we had fun doing it
I just think of our personality of the
things that we are were like very artsy
very urban is that the right word to say
very industrial eclectic I guess is the
word like look in our house how we
decorate our house
one idea Ally came up with what I
thought was a genius idea first one she
said a pizza bar which would be amazing
and then the second idea would be a what
was like a food truck a food truck idea
reason I thought that what we could do
is cuz I read it's been like on wedding
wire and sewing on all these different
things about you can hire food
trucks to come to your wedding that can
be your actual dinner and because I was
like telling Charles you know whenever
you go to a wedding people don't I'm
gonna sit down you dinner because you're
kind of forced into it but not everyone
really is hungry at that time after they
have hors d'oeuvres and they had the
type of cocktail hour so this would be
kind of a cool way that you could go and
eat as you want
obviously the pizza bar thing was pretty
much half a joke it was uh because I
have a joke have a serious I sent it to
Ally as a joke and she's like that's a
good idea like what the R in seafood you
can't appease everyone some people don't
want certain things and then the cake
nobody ever eats the cake because all
that fondant and all that crap on it
part of me feels like getting a food
truck is a little bit more personal
or to us like a food truck this like
you're not restricted to what you candy
I don't know like if you just want the
chocolate you can just have a tough go
for dinner you can go over here and you
got chicken kebab this is one of the
first places Ali found it's essentially
it's an old train station it already
screams Ali right now the artsy fartsy
of Ali there's a party I like it
I think it's really cool there's the
industrial side there you collect
excited that you were talking about how
open it is
you're right it's so bright so bright
out it's cool what do you think you like
this is this what you were dreaming of
this is why I love her cuz like she
likes these unique things that are very
similar to me and there's like glasses
oh so big we can take our class to our
doing this what you can random choices
which I don't understand that being a
selling point I have to be honest when
they're like this is skilled or I'm like
okay Clara we're talking about the food
truck thing the lady actually said there
was a food truck wedding here just
recently and they had all the food
trucks out here and in the back so we're
not the only ones that have thought of
that idea damn it contender place number
one to kind of split things up weird
maybe talking about doing the actual
ceremony right here and then using that
as a backdrop because that's exactly
what Ally's looking for is very
industrial and then you can go inside
and have the party inside very alley
very us this is why I likes it so much
the front of the place is an actual
sculpture like art gallery
got all of this rattleball art I don't
know look at all the dogs oh my gosh
they're like little cookie jars oh
that's really cute this is actually what
the kids made in summer camp last year
and that's a hiking backpack but it's a
fish that you can carry and then we do
valet over there right now it's next to
a bread factory near a bread factory so
I'm just smelling bread right now it
smells delicious if I was imagine a
place for Ally yeah these are all
original hand-done windows they said it
takes thirty thousand dollars it took
thirty thousand dollars to repair these
windows because essentially this is an
old train station otherwise we're gonna
look at more yeah it's got numbers for
those reply little docking stations -
what's the Harry Potter one there's
something in a half was it
thirteen twelve there's a thirteen and a
half I don't know either they even got a
piece of the Berlin Wall what is it I
think Ripley's that has the largest
collection of Birla's oh by the way
completely completely perfect timing I
think in September are the CTFxC spread
and the Ripley's Believe it or not book
is going to be coming out so I think
it's September something they're gonna
be sending the book around my birthday
so I'll get to show you guys I was
actually perfect there's a perfect segue
right there that your buns can't handle
it no those here buns
let's see your buns can handle it
which one is a pepper Oh
so this plants do it
I like my family it's so good focuses
weight on your pants
like the apart in Independence Day when
there and today we celebrate our
Independence Day Oh such terrible that's
what you would do it that all the
cameras were getting fixed yeah there's
like a billion they're all broken well
they're not broken because of me these
are all broken because uh they break
little malfunctions these are all
default they have big defects like this
is broken I'm one of these this one
right here and then the focus is broken
on the other these are all about me
breaking them these all just naturally I
don't think I believe that two of these
I only have one of these on the road no
you had two I saw one in your backpack
don't you start with me we had one the
other one oh then I had oh it still
works no it doesn't that's not true oh
yeah what I'm sorry did I just catch you
Ali you're right just say it I just want
to see come from there little hairy lips
Ali you were right I was mistaken
damn straight home doc that we're having
in the hospital yeah and so is Charles
because he walks away when I'm talking
to him he didn't get it oh dude that's
awesome I always turn it off too
well I'm trying the idea of doing these
monitors and immediately getting
intrigued because delay delay
myself fascinating
hey Ally you want to see something
amazing
