good morning Internet it's time to go
get these two what is this you're right
they're good well yeah really fit up
there how if you sit down your vitamins
work cool we both know is really
football you fall off fella
II told you Marley's is so chill
every time unless you have another dog
come in here she's just gonna relax just
hanging out and get caught up in Zoey's
neurotic mess what do you see
stand at the wall
nobody move so apparently I was gone the
TV broke and trying to figure out what's
going on with it so if any of you guys
know what's going on it's weird
those one connects basically it's stupid
stupid is a good idea in theory but it's
just so dumb because it's just once it
breaks it's all broken and they said
that like you can just replace the the
stupid little thing and that's right dad
I got a new one still broken so since we
didn't do a treat yourself a couple days
ago maybe we're just going to treat
ourselves to a new TV or a newer TV I
should say let me just get this one
fixed because like I plug it in it's on
here so weird
he doesn't like that I sing in the car a
lot easier thing though I am singing
this is the band the whereas yet as you
know from watching my American Rejects
yeah yeah we're on tour with him yep
it's joke I said to Alan I've been
driving a lot lately since I've been
home obvious reasons and right now we're
going to go check out some filming
equipment because Ali once you start
doing some better lighting for her
Channel and yesterday we heard the new
Green Day today we heard to do blink
when t2 followed by All American Rejects
and then apparently My Chemical Romance
is going to be next and Good Charlotte
so that's it's kind of crazy thing about
this is all year 2003 all the needs die
yelled and I guarantee when really my
camp broke up they did they're coming
back in 2013 coming okay well that was
so that means they'll be blinking to
Green Day All American Rejects Good
Charlotte yellow card
sum 41 some 41 and some 41 all on the
radio at the same time New Found Glory I
they might one thing that I really liked
about Green Day is that their new stuff
sounded like their old stuff
botulism yells oh yeah I'm saying
it is ideal you're saying that vibe you
know they went off and they did kind of
like a poppy rock kind of thing and now
they're back really Joel I thought he
quit so I don't really know the whole
situation the whole point of what I was
trying to say was it's rock and roll's
back on the radio
we just had story tonight on the radio
was it like a month ago and now sad
songs on the radio so we just got to
keep pushing up with all the other big
dogs fingers crossed
you see what Ali does so it's one is
what Ali does okay she'll pinch me and
she'll hit me and then I go back to you
look
- twister titty twister give it to me
you're not a woman unless you are a
woman top toys not I'm gonna swing
appropriate alright you gotta go inside
ring colours lighting hole free thumb
you literally please don't give me a
table sir thank you no more then we're
touching them feet look at the qrc
please stop sucking my nipples click I
don't want that online
this is why I didn't turn the camera off
I knew something was gonna happen that
was like that wasn't a good one we drunk
Center your fart really over pretty good
I did not fart you didn't you took it
out what are you talking about
the good stuff I was actually really
good very strong okay you're a really
strong defend myself against assholes
like you
my feet are sweaty
holy crap yeah I know from just sitting
in those part yeah good good cooler when
I get out I got a bunch of stuff for her
videos for a camera she's got a cool
Mike she got some HDMI ports what was
that was that you're just gangster stuff
well can we treat ourselves to a new
like the new updated healthy string
it's a stabilizing gimbal the updates
too bad I don't play anymore we just got
to dinner and heating up with charters
dad and Melissa dream I was trying to me
while I'm playing Pokemon I was thought
I was good too yeah he was saying well
you hadn't taken into place with a polka
scott pokemons thing is like taking over
the news world and everyone else's but
anyways I gave him my phone because he
was trying to download the same app on
my phone for me he caught it
so what's the compactor then on that
minimal having a crown so I gave my
phone to download this happen one of my
biggest pet peeves in his big pet peeves
are first off me not actually updating
my ass but my big studies is when you go
from a phone that dates my ass without
me knowing I'm feeling will I trying to
utilize my apps and I can't do it
because Toby has just yeah and the moon
its guy like a big piece of pie isn't it
in Italy is the neighborhood and Italy
be suffice that's a Hakurei I didn't
know how that's how you say oh look at
the sun's gone where wait your hands
can't do so many many
got a shock you think all your hair
threw a ball up with the air wave hello
and wave goodbye even wake up picks up I
I'm marrying that oh they're pissed off
you know I'm weird feeling marlis
probably peed in the house because she's
been doing that no she hasn't as a
pissed off this is like her going oh you
think it's cute when you know jopen time
that's what I'm gonna do I feel like
Marley would be the dog that was looking
straight in the eye and you like Marley
don't do it you go hey you know I mean a
really great idea when we get home which
are you than me
we're gonna play game actually my video
game we could do that well what we need
to do is you guys remember way before I
left for tour I bought those giant orbs
that you get inside and you're running
it against each other is when we got
those big giant boxing gloves that's
what we got to do tomorrow
long guys just came here so like there's
no more poop no but you know it was so
funny you told me a video but it was
like the bigger orbs yeah and it was
they were like in a football field and
one of the guys like ran full speed hit
someone because she's like blue the big
ones are awesome yeah I want to get the
big one but obviously I want one so bad
if you guys know where to get one let me
know is this one I feel like we're gonna
run into each other it's just gonna go
just fizzle right out we had pizza
dinner with our family Papa trippy aka
mr. clean and Mel she's doing a lot
better guys she said thank you so much
to everyone for all the love and support
it's just
it's made this really difficult time
just a lot better for her and she's
having she's still having her time you
know it's a lot to take him but she said
that it's just why do you guys have been
doing yeah a lot of you guys have been
making a lot of little montages and
sending it to her and she's been loving
there it's a lot of like picture she
didn't realize that we're out there and
it was just she was showing us pictures
tonight it's kind of uh I think it's
bittersweet for her because she's
understanding that things happen and
she's just remembering the good times
with him so you did a camera why is she
so scared they're taking photos it's a
huge plan sis doesn't do this time David
I can't I can't bear you're too close to
a manual get away from me get out of
here you should be like look look at I'm
a fleeting moment and I'm going away
really fast you missed it the moments
gone
and you'll never get it back did you get
it no the moment again I D I'm okay
buddy thank you for checking in
you
