oh you want to go somewhere
she's not too interested in what you're
doing out there thar she can't she came
home to the window and look down then
she was like what
hey bud I was just looking at my foot
and I noticed the two scars from the
stupid scooters so it looks like I will
forever remember Warped Tour 2016 right
here and then then there's 2014 the 2014
and then 2016 rain is water pools water
lightning is electric turn
no it's just a show move example big
idiot say hello
hello I like to eat food like Marlee
Ally's mom's gave me strict instructions
and throwing him in the pool to these
things so I got I got grandmas orders
right now when diesel gets excited he
sheds like crazy and Zoe looks like
she's wearing more diesel hair that are
owned for I mean that's obviously the
exaggeration but that's diesel hair I
didn't say go swimming use the word I'm
just gonna go look I found it it's a
little Haggard you know they do it and
she's off we were just playing and I
looked over into the water
yes but I can even see it from here that
asshole alligator started coming close I
remember when I lived here all the time
I was going underwater like he's not
here see if you can see him from here
stupid alligator every time you hear
splashing in the pool he gets like he
was over there I noticed him way over
there and then as the dogs were making
more noises he slowly came over here
like a creepy little asshole hate that
alligator it's stupid because that
alligator right there when we lived here
made living here almost like a nightmare
at night because coming out here you
have to get the dogs and all the issues
you know and all this stuff you know it
became one of those things where they
just wanted to run around and there's
that bird the dealers chased probably
the same bird to its girlfriend
d now that everyone got quiet he went
away and I guarantee you the second hear
splashing and maybe a dog bark or
something we'll be right back
sunbathing do they look at that body
reason I just went for a run and I'm
pretty positive QP to every single house
that we stopped by
there's the Gator he's like right next
to the house he says hearing the dog
that's his head
it's huge if you know sometimes on the
side walk oh my god lock it up
thank you mr. asshole alligator it's
just too close for comfort and you will
stay in there
cuz I don't want anything happening to
you I get her is he staring right at you
the owner in the pool that's gonna
happen it's a step it only took two and
a half years I'm very proud dog now he's
just sitting there sort of stretchy
he's enjoying it now they gotta know
what's there once they know it's others
your ball
you've made so much progress check it
out
that's the progress well you do realize
that's not a throne for you these are
the towels that are supposed to dry you
off
do you see this yeah there's a motel
through I'm clean Molly no you had some
coffee and cookies going on that's right
that's yours
I get it okay yeah I remember when I was
driving years ago like I was coming here
and my name's Ellie would always get
spoiled by those people you just say
they're spoiled I'm like they're just so
nice it is so sweet
we have been nice honey I stopped
driving three years ago four years ago
and I think I'll be allowed to drive
knock on wood soon but I'm thinking I'm
gonna probably choose not to drive for
the most part she said watch I do like
having a blonde chauffeur a blonde
blonde hotshot chauffeur you know you
just can't save yourself ah digging that
hole you digging it just keep digging
did you say rise rise up lights you'll
sound like an Australian saying razor
blades
rise up lights holy crap rise up like
that's just like Chris guys up Lex rise
up lights rise up like do you guys have
any rise up lights right now wherever
you're at lyc√©e rise up lights don't
forget that we need to get some razor
blades obviously with everything
happening yesterday Ali and I kind of
wanted to take a just kind of a day with
our pups and I actually want to come out
here and show you guys something
incredible I don't know if you can see
in my face already it looks like the sky
is on fire right now
camera's never justify what I'm looking
at in real life insane
what are you doing looks like you're
doing something bad with the news
yesterday explained to you guys about
Tyson we kind of wanted to take a day
and just hang out with the pups so we
wouldn't picked up beat and we just kind
of all went to the pool then it started
raining and we had to come back
I get so drained it's just like every
single day you're living in a parking
lot on a bus it's definitely a dream
come true but at the same time it's oh
it's rhomin I just take them because it
looked like he played a venue that we
just played recently and I'd love to
verify and looks like it was it's
actually kind of funny it's amazing to
be home so I'm just kind of just soaking
it up because I think this weekend we
have a couple college shows right back
at it great I got it in the meantime
just enjoy being home right now it's
been beautiful been so nice what's the
other thing
Oh playlist we're going to playlist I
think we told you guys a couple days ago
it may announce recently and I think I
think much reality and they announced
recently but Allie and I were going to
actually be at playlist live do you see
this year
so that's gonna be awesome I was really
worried that I was gonna miss it because
September 2nd is my birthday and that's
the actual day of playlist live
and I thought we were gonna have a show
because every time we have a show on my
birthday for at least feels like since I
joined the bands like five six years now
I have a knife in my head
why would you ever scare woman one a
woman to a woman with a knife in her
hand very good point
all right warps get a move over before I
go to bed I just want to say thank you
so freaking much for all the loving
support about the the news unfortunate
news of Tyson my sister is going through
some crazy things right now and I just
wanted to say as her brother thank you
so much for showing her the love that
you had shown me for all these years for
those people who unfortunately don't
understand where I'm coming from where
my family's coming from I would just say
like it's just a dog or things like that
I personally feel really really sad
because I hope one day you guys those
people I should say will have that
attraction or that love or that you know
best friend is you know because it's
it's amazing when you have it so just
want to say thank you guys so much and
keep Tyson in your memory and just
remember all the crazy things he's done
because on the videos on the CTFxC he's
done some pretty freakin hilarious
things going up those stairs with his
security cameras on not knowing what
he's doing just a million things to rake
her face thank you so much I'm gonna go
to bed right now have a great day a
great night you love your tie
hi
Boyet
