- and mentos become to the cabin we'll
be landing shortly
my first let's play I think I got up to
the galley you did
sitting next to waka waka
seen the sunrise from the airport so
many times this Airport in particular
get upgraded again and I'm all the way
in the back and I'm holding her first
over 13
we look great right now don't we yeah go
pick up the girls and all of it when we
done I'm just gonna do this and just
fall asleep I'll see you guys in a cut
Helen I just truthfully woke up I did
not
okay I just recently woke up when did
you wake up I woke up at 11:00 okay
actually I you didn't sleep at all I
truthfully woke up it this week it's 3
p.m. right now and we're going over to
Melissa's and picking up the pups and
then there's the rain Florida I think
it's my internal like was an alarm clock
the wakeup at 11:00 yeah well like 9:00
to wake up at 11:00 but like typically I
wake up way earlier than that need riot
or what else to do it was just weird the
time difference
yeah time zone really got to me well
here's the thing I was on tour no joke
ally was making fun of me I was in bed
like a grandpa at like 9 or 10 p.m.
because on the bus at that point when
everyone is falling asleep there's
nothing to do it makes sense and then I
was waking up around with the crew
around 8 a.m. so I was getting a good
night's sleep waking up in the morning
going to bed at normal times and second
I get home
ruined it already I think I was good
though I think the night where I can go
home till like 3:00 a.m. then go to bed
and don't forget my ball it's it's what
happens and then it's just gonna be
downhill from there all downhill from
here was that a bad newfound glory I
only want to get a uh-oh
she wants to get a food truck what's up
her dream getting a food truck is like
on sale Romero to dreams to big dreams
and more dreams than that but I do big
dreams she only has two dreams guys to
be dreams that I'm working on right now
you chuck and then something pull off
some food track we're not working on the
flu track no we are working on my other
dream the other dream working on we're
trying to get that taken care of but a
puppy farm a puppy farm but we're
definitely not working on a food truck
right now too much stuff yeah I don't
want I don't want to tour in its food
truck feel like we're delusional or
delirious I see I can't talk straight
I think everyone's at the park right now
so I gotta find out what partner on a
good note this would be very very happy
Julie my best friend that you guys
sunblock yesterday she said that she
noticed a huge difference in my teeth
well she went out like in a really
positive way she because she knew how
and scary without my teeth
she said I went some great smile but
that's why I fell in love with you is
her smile good points guys actually
think that like my smile and my teeth
like shifting while I was with you two
I told her to do a super time-lapse we
didn't do it happen
pictures have you yeah but like once a
week I don't do it every day
that's pretty though but every day
looking pretty sweet it's the gradual
changed is often trouble just shoving
your belt up into a perilous I use that
app I gotta go argue with my fiance
right now
I think they noticed us oh so cute
there's Marley hate twerps Heights works
that was a ball punch come on get out of
the road hi hey buddy
look at a big old smile wag too soon for
me and you two best buds oh maybe not
baby not anymore
don't scare Marley hey on the water
she's the idiot though she doesn't know
how to look at Doug's silly rain right
in my face totally loving this
Zoe is it go you just you disappointed
there's oh you love your tie yeah you
love your tie that's all I get that's it
you want to look but you don't squirrel
in the world they don't want to chase
right now are you falling asleep what's
going on
hope big idiot comes comes a big idiot
what you doing there code stroke this is
the only way to keep them from
slobbering on you ironically leo you
don't even do it do it do it
okay I do so much more see Kelly can I
have some mm mm this is so I was trying
to edit and this one snuggled up
underneath me every time I come home
Marley takes over that entire end of the
couch
this one gets into this part of the
couch
marlis never been a cuddle dog but she
look over here so he's always been a
cuddly dog just trying to edit right now
Marley I haven't seen you in like three
months
get over here you blow out her face hey
do you want to hang out go but come on
really
come on I'd choose this kitchen yeah
tell her we were just enjoying herself
who's hungry
there you want to eat Matt into it right
now
nor cuddle - oh there it is sold me out
and the rain started been raining and
lightning all day as you guys heard
earlier when we're at the park okay so I
don't want to have to be the one to tell
you guys this but I was talking to my
little sister Melissa I still refer to
her as my little sister just used my
little sister lizard Florida
today in the video today how bad tyson
looked he had yellow around his eyes his
whole body was yellow
he had jaundice she took him in to go to
the vet Friday I guess yeah literally a
couple days and they said that his liver
was failing after everything and he
couldn't today I wanted to go you know
just film them being Tyson being a goofy
little Tyson and uh you could tell that
he wasn't this house I knows people who
don't really get attached to animals or
dogs may be hard to understand but they
are very much a part of our lives and
you know Tyson was Melissa's baby after
any rainbow at the end of the situation
is that there's so many memories
that she was able to film I was able to
film we have this documented for ever
it's like immortalized and there's so
many like paintings that she has on the
wall I didn't want to have to say this
but she's gonna like you know take some
time to herself and I just kind of
wanted to explain this it sucks and he's
been through so much he's literally
protected my mom twice from dogs
attacking my mom he had his face ripped
apart nude miracle dog it has like four
ACL surgeries he's got an arm frickin
taken off it sounds stupid I know it's
like there's a saying that people don't
really get attached to animals he was a
nub skull he's a big idiot this is a big
idiot but these are big idiot and I just
wanted to say just make sure if you guys
can show my sister so much love
and support in this situation because in
gibber time they please give her time
this is probably the hardest thing one
of the hardest things i should say that
she's ever had to go through but the
doofus that type odd was not even type
odd river tyson before I even had three
legs cuz I don't know if you guys
remember he had four legs at one point
he did a promise he had four legs and he
was an awesome puppy and an awesome dog
and like I said you protected my mom
he's done somebody awesome things he
made you guys smile and your best friend
I know Tyson mother sisters best friend
I've gotta go down because I can't keep
them with this but yeah
