it's definitely sad that were forced out
over a bird on it
and they're out of the help put one
right there here in Portland you see
these more than strip clubs it's just
kind of funny
alrights always had fun having lunch
catching up with Ali's friends from
which was a kid and now we got to go
back on the tour bus coming gentlemen
for the burnout coolest thing ever you
tell us the end of the Toros or
emptyness this has not been descent even
since the beginning of four
really quick little problem
bittersweetness is starting to kick in
this is Danny's new girlfriend because I
fell in love her name is Cassidy cook
she's a diver from the US a really good
team and she is a she's made me a fan of
the sort
what you gonna do
yesterday Frankie was taking a photo of
Travis being super serious as you can
see and I wanted to mess with him so I
did this but okay let's just enhance hey
Jordy enhance enhance the big guys
glasses the Imperator Dino the piggy
glasses zoomify I'm gonna really miss
that
Frankie people love you Frankie you know
that right come Zack Zack my right head
over there dad
how many people love him several people
love you seven people there's several
people that love him tranquil oh they're
gonna be very upset when you're gone
clearly very upset when our videos it
was worse Frankie I'm like he doesn't
wanna be in the videos anyone
what are you voguing it's off its off so
for the last show I decided to get a
little bit tropical and dress up a
little bit so hunter is not feeling very
good at all he's actually kind of
throwing up his body is incredibly weak
he's been like this for the past three
days so every time he goes outside huh I
was car started to the car it's been
like that for the past a couple days so
today we went outside to try to play and
I felt like really weak like it was
gonna faint but no I'm the serious
moment hunter it has been really really
weak so he tried to play guitar earlier
in the heat and he couldn't do it so
rather than risking risking him going
and passing out on stage because the
stage is really really tall he's gonna
stay back and if she feels better he's
gonna run out and start playing the
songs and then Koli is officiating is
that the right word officiating yeah I
think stuff he's basically marrying the
close friends of his so he's not here so
we are falling apart for the last day
Frankie's gonna play guitar I'm gonna
switch the drums Danny's gonna thing
Travis is going to play guitar and maybe
he said it would be anything
I'm gonna switch it up you can switch it
up today last days last day of the work
arena
come here Frankie get on camera the more
you struggle the more I want to put on
camera
get him Danny tag-team this busting
Chris has showed us how to do this this
is what we should be doing right now
he's working hard all the time so he's
allowed to do that he's allowed
definitely earned it nobody
they're very honest and I played on
playing on stage today
oh boy we're going freaky
what's wrong freaky embarrass ya killed
it man they kill those don't tell Danny
don't tell Danny
yes we did we'll see you next or two
years two years everyone's packing their
stuff up so the bus can deliver to
Orlando for us get your jackets oh look
jackets I gotta go find my my suitcase
for my other jacket and it's the worst
part we do this every year the saddest
part about Warped Tour is leaving this
guy right here
so go see them all fall their last tour
go check them out the yellow card if you
guys have no idea what I'm talking about
right now
I hope you do yeah they do you guys do
you already know you've seen shot like a
million times you're like you're like my
dad you do all my PR yeah I do all the
PR for you guys yellow card later I went
to album come out September 30th
I actually pre-ordered I just bought it
so felt title I'm good friends and I
haven't even heard it yet
so you gotta buy it first so yeah be the
best good oh wait we're not young guns
here's how you know it's been a long
tour when you find ice cream in a
refrigerator
for listening to Dharma drill now in
people's are the stories that I've got
one at five to work
chili
carefully place
it's always so courteous to kill truck
over
you teach them the ways their Frankie
chinese-american the dirty the mall
Chinese basically dress up I miss you
buddy
boomerang everyone say bye to Kris
go follow on his Instagram and his
Twitter's there's Facebook's
and all those things for Frankie just
open up his fortune cookie and it's got
nothing on it I don't know if it's for
you or you just get the right whatever
the hell you want even throw it or a
long yeah
million dollars falls from the sky if
you
open your eyes I'm no future at the to
point it was the $0.99 Chinese so
where'd you go
I did sir tea tiny pieces at this one
let's go back to the tribe you're happy
here's have a fortune first has wine no
it other side we travel far and wide to
eat old pleasure the good beginning is
half done going home watch it watch it
right now so as you guys can see we have
this giant room because we're so used to
our Zeiss little corner we're just
admiring the fact this giant room over
in this tiny little area like that it's
a world of wonderment
okay so we're going to be on a plane for
like 12 hours so I might want to take a
night you guys
rather than the bathroom jerk wait
yeah you can have a button that one I
hate anyone but no gates okay there we
go
anyway it's definitely sad that were
forced out over can you focus for them
it has been a freaking summer and
there's a lot of memories a lot of
amazing moments and I want you guys in
the comments right now tell me some of
your favorite moments of work for this
year there's always so many every time
and I can't remember them all that's
just thank God I always film this stuff
because when I go home I can never
remember any of the house literally have
to look them up what Ellie's not looking
at the updated one anyway five bucks
five bucks
bye sweetie Allie got first class and
she's leaving all of us
honey I love you enjoy it
ready to go back into the back
