coley is gonna go officiant hey it's
fishing right and wedding tonight or
tomorrow tomorrow so Coley will happy
here tonight's show and tomorrow's show
because we're playing it too long but we
got the Aussie we gotta get him some
sideburn yeah
if you need me for wedding I do all this
style impersonations I think that's how
I hope you guys have quality time and
jump late jump around the kangaroo and
bark like dingoes that's what you're
saying
this is Jesus good morning Seattle so
the internet is so bad right here had no
idea we're at Auburn so I guess it's not
Seattle we have to go to a store or like
giving Starbucks or something like that
Frankie's got to get some work done too
so we're all heading over trying to get
some work done today cuz we're in the
middle of nowhere
although I like Seattle Auburn I thought
a bear ate you didn't know where you
went
we're gonna your balance for the
Olympics and ready for the Summer
Olympics
good job bit twinkle toes you gotta jump
up and go like that but high up and go
like that and then land do it and turn
around about four can you jump and turn
around nothing broken ankles that's all
I see is broken ankles
really change that we had to do so
Oh
what are you doing
are you literally putting pizza in there
because uh last night baby anyways
warmer and I thought it said you can
microwave it but it says microwave an
oven Oh unfortunately we don't have it
we have neither of those things I was
just gonna say I was gonna say something
kind of silly but I actually am kind of
impressed until it shoots out on you
might want to just be ready for that g7x
oh by the way guys the Merc tears on the
mark 2 is on his way off it should be
home by the time I get home so he should
be marks coming home I hope he does is
he coming home you maybe missed that
that's why I love you it was a really
good idea actually
all right Internet we are having an
issue is Danny's shirt crooked
let me just like let it lay like you
just put it on it is crooked I'm up here
at a lazy supposed to go to excel
completely you got a it's like a side
bib this should be like a Tarzan
loincloth that's very good my tits are
exposed Charles yeah you need to cover
those bit
they're selling it babe
but honey no babe Derek Derek said I
could buy it
but maybe they said I could do it
I probably kill myself on that thing I'd
be really bad idea actually 720
oh that's the one that smells like shit
now that's not our bus
that's what literally smells like Fifi
there's no like
you go poop
gopu
like seriously Frankie says relax okay
I've been waiting all in tortoise
they're there you gotta give it is that
like some kind of TV show or something
you get it you're gonna fight man cool
oh yeah okay we'll do the crickets how
about Ally Orlando for a weekend see you
lose your peasant I love what Frankie
says relax
see somebody gets it go I literally just
did that the internet is just all in the
last clip
crickets Duncan he says like yet it's
true I'm either am i but he's also
British so probably I don't know it's
not it's Frankie
relax okay they love you Frankie the
internet loves you don't hide don't be
so bashful what do you like beer you
want some more beer so we should bring
people bring you beer bit no beer buddy
to the stage
if you see something like two people
walked or that doesn't want to do it and
you don't even know where they are
they're just a complete stranger I want
you to drag that mother down
Australian thing let's here's Chris here
and out there but there's a someone
who's under the five year old market
cheers Chris you that's the first one
the white and gold or is it black and
blue I put it out in the comments hey
you guys want to see my prom date
Frankie's already stolen her what you
steal my prom date Frankie he look like
a tent like a tennis person bed look
pretty though you're the white shoes
after your Venus and Serena so Ali and I
are going to prom together walk toward
prom they have every year I don't ever
go because it's not fun when she's not
here so well I'm very excited I was
thinking about going with Frankie but
I'm so happy you're actually do you know
that I went to prom my junior year and I
brought a we had 11 people that went to
get
that is trashcan
join his big name trash cannon she's a
wonderful person and she that's why it's
trash because it's it's not trash it's
recycled because she's using it as a
dress
and she's gonna be struggling they
wanted money from it start smart look up
buddy
hook up chin up there yup they kicked
out of prom because I don't have my ID
no no I got kicked out of prom he was
that guy that's like causing a ruckus
with the Frog you know you can already
see my party hats on so they asked me
there sir can you please just leave and
I'm like I guess but the party's gonna
go with me
so now party in the park that's the
party
Teli it was down inside worth it I'm
gonna get my ass kicked later but worth
it
