good morning soul in city by Ali and I
has ventured off the asteroids headed
off at vine laundry and Ally found a
cool little breakfast spot there's a
French to love breakfast I love
breakfast hello breakfast breakfast
along the coastal here's a queer folk
get to say she did today is there too
much to do here yeah we arrest and we're
guy several times what duties like we
she's gonna laugh that awesome really
cool guys don't look super cool so cool
the power where it hold on looking flat
Wow look really super cool right really
cool guys well I like that don't shoot
me
you stick around make it worth your
while I don't know II know the rest of
the barkeep
it's not so I said what he said what I
don't know much that's me I'm blonde and
people call me a dummy you guys already
know but we have a partnership with uber
if you go use a code uber CTFxC you guys
get a free uber as a result it lets you
know it's me since I can't drive drive
as well so if you guys want ever free
uber uber CTFxC it takes you think
twenty dollars worth of a ride so you
get a free ride on the CTFxC just in
case you didn't know but why don't you
guys know because that's what I pretty
much live on when I'm at home yeah so
that way i don't want to bother ali all
the time that's why i live on so yes hey
hold on rigor wide shot
wait no you don't I thought you would
look cool but you don't wanna show them
your three dollar bargain hat I actually
really love this hat it's fun is out
maybe not to do it now you can be the
sweet she's like the sweet innocent
blonde girl you know walking around
what the hell I thought those I
literally thought that was Frankie's had
at first is freaking beautiful sound
like Jake trying to sing all the songs
and Maggie pretty you guys see that
yesterday pause this video and go watch
yesterday's video Jake sang check yes
Juliet and a bunch of other songs and
complete 90s Pearl Jam version Creed
version it was awesome he came a just
cantina bluefin a hoodie anybody just
came over into one of that the serenade
us the problem though is when Jake like
sings and plays guitar he stares at me
right in the eyes it's very very
passionate makes it a little bit of
there's a bromance couple
how the reach
you like this
the liquid had to ask me
so just as we got out of the uber I was
like oh look there's a moon man I AK
astronaut and he's like oh my god just
cuts through four lanes of traffic the
problem right we're gonna castles it's
not a castle church yeah that actually
beautifully look like castles like
they're gorgeous doesn't even look real
down here
Sean I was for you buddy I believe that
was a cello and violin it was alright
let's go find everybody I want a photo
for my movie
look it's like a mini Bellagio we have
been here yeah we have one hundred
percent here he found that's weird I
can't believe we were here before the
baby bellagio give me beep mom
look at the water of the very top I love
what it falls let's cut to a slow motion
of that alley always finds pressure
points haha
here we go
it's down to the knee just it takes
right what it's like right here is it
right here yeah no you hold on I just
want to see where it is hello it is
right here wait I think okay it's like
above your pot full
you're back so it's like hold on I got
it I got see me feeling where there's
another one anyway everyone's gonna work
I just love you cute I will rip your era
I just love you right children so this
is selected massaging my back
those girl over here I kind of want to
get a little waffle and just take it in
the Tiffany's you guys well don't mind
me I'm just having breakfast here
hi mom say hi char hey Ally and then you
got my bar over here I don't have enough
space on my phone should i have to use
snapchat you guys say hi little snuggle
bug get a nice little family dinner
everybody if you want to hear Johnny
daddy was taking fishing we are at a
secret place oh we get some hats get
those hats sounds all right route I
gotta have my hat no not you for one
more good here one more he's got a
MacGyver it's one there's nothing like a
double straw we need to mag does any
kind of
mine's too big I can't get on my head
too big haha dry' kick it out this edge
of the double what their looks great in
extracting back
it used to be you were the dad we had a
blue top that's the funniest bad heart
is I kohli was like always the dad mr.
Coley now trav is the dad and we're
still with Nicole e
hey guys ever get some hat unfortunately
they didn't have a big enough table so
we have to take over two tables Chris
look so confused when they start doing
stuff behind them
you okay over there is hibachi grill
they don't have barbecue but they don't
have to anchor it rocky
the natural bat never seen the double
there was
I've never I've never seen the hourglass
I'm gonna do that I'm gonna do that at
home I gave up on the chopstick I'm back
to the fork age-old for okay I lasted a
pretty good amount but eating rice with
a fork is hard
I was like instigating and just pull out
the camera watching it's holding a punch
Travis today's a good song I did not
even catch a game I got a katana I'll be
21st birthday buddy that's why you never
do this on the road ever no never ever
do is ever right turned 21 on the road
especially the Duncan pouring it for you
bartender right now
go easy on you
welkin was in a total goodbye on the
left ready man left music video by
weight hanging ham maybe I'm not wavy
I'm not in the rest of it
don't I'm right there that's me too
right here I hope you enjoyed today's
video we're gonna go to bed and then
like three more days left to work for
just three more days
tomorrow we're so playing Boise which
unfortunately for my least favorite
cities
obvious reasons but anyway hope you
enjoy today's video it's a beautiful day
off and I will see a sponsor
mm-hmm
