good morning guys and welcome to 2018
I think everyone feels like poopoo I've
been getting not me I didn't drink
anything but everyone who's partying
last night everyone's my group texting
and it's been hilarious that's my new
year's resolution I'm just gonna stop
kind of drinking I don't really it just
it sucks what it just does I don't feel
good like the next morning no go down
that rabbit hole and it just sucks
coming out we just pretty much had a
giant like hotel people are upstairs
sleeping people are on the beanbag
people were in the Rica's room with Rick
I had to go in our room the year 2018
seems like a fake a fake year like I
just it's 2018 it just seems like it's
just a not plausible number I don't know
it just seems weird and then I think
about back to the future too
right now we should have flying cars
hoverboards and the movie Jaws 19 and we
have none of those bluffer and Ryan Abe
he said that we have four minion movie
so it's very true very actually is or
four I think he might be wrong there's
three because this big will mean there's
a minion you haven't seen you've not
seen it it looks like we're watching the
menu more we time first movie of 2018
minion movie the party kind of left a
little bit of a mess not too bad
everyone really respectful yeah
Melissa myself and her boyfriend we
stayed up and just like did all the
dishes and kind of just got everything
like cuz I didn't want to wake up and
you know have all this to do also is 48
degrees right now don't believe in watch
this 48 degrees and another interesting
thing is that they're predicting
Thursday that actually might snow here
in safety
you're so cute that's what they're
predicting whether or not happens we
don't know we're also already starting
planning our our random that's not
really a random trip anymore because
we're planning on but our trip up north
to see snow already getting that on the
underway this is awesome look at this
it's gloomy and it's cold and it's wet
and rainy ish you know what that means
it actually might happen which would be
really cool and it also means the
animals either sweaters out there all
shivering I don't know if you guys can
see that we're just gonna pretend like
that rain is snow because that would be
freaking cool all right so now now it's
time for the breakdown yeah I came out
this morning and already goes down oh by
the way did you see this you see this
over here I can't tell if he's cold do
frogs get cold are they cold they're
warm-blooded cold-blooded aren't they
yes Oh are they hot
I mean is he cold right now is he cold
do you have to warm it up he's trying to
go into the the wall actually I'm just
kidding guys that actually is snow
look at you
look at the trash of the park so that is
little flurries I thought I was kidding
it really is it's not snow on it's
flurries I'll try and take a picture
it's so light you freaking out so that
means the ice age is upon us
if the fits doing this and floor do you
guys remember what year it was
we're 49 out of the 50 states it
actually snowed the only one can anyone
guess what state didn't actually snow
actually if you wanna play a game in the
comments tell me what state you think it
actually did not snow in just one state
49 other states it actually did
Florida's one of them Marly you'll come
out more hey you sure you don't want to
come out say any forty blankets yeah
there you go
hey don't go out that door hey the door
is lava turn around turn around get out
there I mean who knows guys it might
actually not be snowing or flirting or
anything like that Ali is completely
convinced though I think it is because
it's changing directions like when it
rains it does not do that you know we're
gonna see too much snow and just like a
week or so
rain doesn't necessarily go down and
then up when the wind comes Zoe so
couldn't find her it turns out she's in
the bushes get her more get her out mark
don't pee on the blanket as calves
definitely gotten used to her life this
is my favorite she likes it though cute
yes you know is not a problem doesn't
have a problem watch me Ricky let's show
em how you walk watch you know be really
funny she goes out she if she were to
get out and find a family and she walks
in with a sweater they sup yeah don't
you have one of these you weren't so
easy I bet her tail go so crazy makes it
funny cuz she's so skinny and long I
know that's why I think is so funny
see what's nice is we have very
respectful friends anytime something
spilled they cleaned it up by themselves
anyway but at the same time we got to do
a thorough clean do you want these gold
gold glitter things now they're going
out of here on this table it's not going
anyway I'll put her in your head yeah
yeah
well now me I can put on Zoe's head
refers you notices oh just one all right
hit it
ah super cool happy new year I told you
it was low 40s mid-40s that's low to mid
from
hey buddies hi you guys have a nice
freakin jackets on you ready for the
snow globe Oh would not like that so we
got the Sheep
we got Zoey's it's in pink and it like
that furthest on the hood is all
throughout it that's he's just like you
it's not snowing it's working
I don't blame you
every time I walk out here I'm just
super orange it's like I just get myself
and my son like was a tanning tanning
yeah I got a tanning tanning bed or
something like that or a new blue buff
but I was gonna ask for those people up
north
last time member zoe and marley when
they went into the Spieth awesome was
evil but Zoe Marlon when they went to
snow for a little bit their feet kind of
like they were doing that like a little
weird like walk I was thinking about
getting them booties or like love dog
foots but the only thing is I don't know
if you ever seen them in like dog boots
they like walk so funny and they try to
take it off so I was asking you guys on
Twitter and but you guys suggested
something called mushers wax which is I
guess for like Huskies you know when
they do like the what is that call like
the sleds or something like that the
fireworks so I didn't know if any of you
guys actually know of any of those
things if that's better than actually
having boots let me know in the comments
can we get that done in advance it's
just I don't know what this I'm so glad
we found this it's a Halloween costume
as you guys saw a million times the fact
that it's like a sheep costume and it
keeps her warm and she loves it it's
just this is correct yeah first of that
little ball on the back look at you
you're like in the tundra
um but we're discussing if she's cold or
if she's freaking out who these
fireworks I can smell fireworks
yesterday when I went outside I just
want I always like to do it on fourth of
July and New Year's
just go out front you can see this haze
of just like like firework smoke
everywhere it's pretty kind of eerie
today is January 1st obviously so that
means it's a new month for the patreon
group so we are now going to shoot our
students at shooting I'm so used to
saying shooting we're going to film the
patreon podcast podcast you're on point
I'm so tired do you guys know that we
had a late night last night I think
that's right screwed that up there but
we are going to what is she doing just
being crazy but we're gonna shoot I did
it again we're gonna film the patreon
pad pad I did it again we're gonna film
the patreon podcast for those who don't
know we do a podcast every month for the
people on the patreon group links down
in the description but we're gonna do
that right now and yeah Diesel's going
crazy so we got to do this before I have
one of those nuts oh by the way guys we
did this so a lot of you guys suggested
getting what's called a breakaway collar
so we decided that we should get one of
those so basically what happens is she's
like an idiot and she almost hangs
herself it snaps not just pulled apart
that's how you you have to get it off it
that way no it's the only way to get it
off get it off then you tell me how to
get it off if I can get it run where
you did your poop head but it's also
been nice having this uh bail on her so
that way we know where she's at and it's
got pink skull and crossbones
that's the magic to get off yes
watch this
I love you see still I don't know they
can see it
no just a hint so her baby tooth is
coming in I mean her baby tooth is
leaving and looks like your real tooth
or come is coming in oh my god alright
guys so this is the end of the first
video of 2018 I hope you enjoyed today's
video don't forget to subscribe guys
this is gonna be an awesome year we have
a lot of cool things that we're gonna be
doing a lot of traveling so you don't
want to miss out so make sure to
subscribe or to subscribe click that
little Bell little notification Bell
click that and make sure that's on so
that way you get email notifications so
when YouTube's ad pocalypse and all that
fun stuff just completely explodes
you'll still get the emails and you'll
know when the videos or just come back
every single day they're always here so
guys we'll see you tomorrow and I have a
great night but bye bye
