good morning Internet we are in San
Francisco or AKA mountain view and is
beautiful out it's literally 70 degrees
considering all the warp tour is like
105 degrees today is a beautiful
freaking day drive you don't have to
hide today they're still sunshine there
is sunshine for example if it's 40
degrees
logistically
Charles doesn't know this because it's
what Sicilian of Sicilian I don't get
burned your wet suit
I don't know I profuse that girl swagg
ck me what I don't ya don't sweat don't
I don't native shows bizarre if the
conversation after stage man will get
oxygen playing a hundred drive I think
that's unhealthy I think I'm gonna pass
out one day your body's natural away
with swimming yeah I think I think I'm
just gonna rig in one day like a car so
good afternoon internet today is a new
day a much better day than yesterday so
in regrets that rant yesterday I know it
wasn't like I had a moment of weakness
which I think everyone's entitled to but
I a big reason why I actually wanted to
do it was because I thought it was
necessary to remind people because I
have to remind myself to a lot that we
need to have more positivity in this
world and less hatred unless negativity
and I understand where most of your
coming from saying this is things that I
should expect with being on YouTube and
I agree with you but I still felt that
it was necessary to state my opinion and
say that I just feel that it's wrong and
it's inappropriate for people to be
unkind and if by speaking out just a
little bit changes someone from deciding
on whether or not they're going to write
a mean comment then I fully I have no
problem speaking up and I have no
problem saying what I said I'm sorry if
I came off as a baby it wasn't that I
was trying to do that I wasn't trying to
get sympathy by doing what I did
yesterday I might have influenced one
person who was negative what I said was
not
meant to attack anyone who writes the
negative comments more to instead of be
that person who either rights negative
comment or response to a negative
comment which I know I did try and
spread positivity instead you know be
the bigger person and now that i think
about I should have done the same thing
but I just because I can I just wanted
to hopefully touch a few people who have
maybe been mean in the past or unkind
hopefully that does country or something
with him that
this world is so precious and the people
on our so precious and that we need to
work together to make it a better place
so that's hopefully what came across I
know I was angry but I hope it dad and I
hope that you guys can understand that
something really I felt important for me
to say something about them I am off to
Brooklyn take these cakes ever found
caught off Waka some reverse rat factory
the co2 warped or reverse time walk-off
car bounced imma take fish leave I have
a challenge for anyone watching this
make attention losing all these words
like that actual cookies respected and
write it down I want to see this club I
know somebody figured out from the
privilege right now of going to the
apple campus and getting something from
the apple store at the apple campus
naturally it's Danny myself nobody else
is geeky enough to go with us and we
were told that crane is where the
spaceship is being built once the
spaceship what's all the spaceship you
guys is a giant giant building that
looks like a spaceship travel good
explanation right nailed it nailed it
this is where the magic happens guys and
what are they trying to tell us here
Big Apple the Big Apple uh I see what
you did there did you see what I did
yeah it's all you did right there yeah I
wish the pirate flags were hanging today
though yeah oh there's the Apple flag oh
this is where you were born right uh
pretty good dad jokes not even a dad
joke there's 100 sent wrong but my best
friend is standing in front of me
talking to his iphone like it's a kid I
gotta get out of here wow this new that
book a campus right now Danny Dyer
nerding out sweet everyone up watching
this videos like it's just a building
guys not just a building it's not his
wife it's life what you filming here's
the money shot
how often do people just drive by and do
this all day huh he's like showing the
way over
is are terrifying I love seeing all
these so Ohio logs is Christmas from
Ohio water Wonderland
reminds me so on to my girl the bunny
earrings supposed to wear all the time
so unfortunately it was pretty much like
cleaned out in there you know like I
said it only opens up once a month so
whenever it does open everyone comes
everyone comes and they just kind of
like stock up on everything and anything
that they can get their hands on so I
got here a little bit late it's like
four in the afternoon 4 30 actually and
it's bound to happen that I'm not gonna
find anything because there's nothing in
there but there's a really nice lady
that's like worked with us in the past I
don't know if you guys remember when we
got the like light of letters for me
versa gaming and they helped us out so
so much so to come back tomorrow cuz
hopefully by tomorrow I'll find
something that I like you know what i
thought i would do what would be like a
really fun thing to do today is to like
go around and show you guys some of the
really awesome murals that they have
here in st. P because I feel like I've
only shown you a few but I want to show
you a few more so we're gonna go do that
now all right back to warp tour
get us there Duncan hard to see hard to
see hard to see
oh yeah
sure
we say brother
the don't give that's you
maybe zisteau Pokemon
you stole it
Oh
I had a good one
hey
Oh
daddy
Oh hundred dollars to do there yet we
miss me better dollars please you know
my paypal I'm like three hundred dollars
in value to get Callie oh wow I think it
may have got it
Wow
little hungry the morgue
by the way guys it's Callahan's birthday
tomorrow it turns 14 matcalc easy wish
him a happy birthday at County
yeah today for you guys birthday how old
are you 14 15
15 years old
I'll go man go
gruha tattoo
I want to that's Twiggy for those of you
who do not a fetish is a very
influential supermodel this is actually
on the wall of a I wanna say like a
three-story building cut big and
beautiful it is they're just all along
the walls back here in this alleyway
perspective look at that look how big
that is yeah those are just a few of the
really beautiful pieces of art works
that are just lined along the all these
buildings in downtown st. Petersburg
definitely one of my favorite things
about here is just how eclectic and
artsy it is and I don't know I just love
it love where I live they wanted us to
not think those scooters are around so
they hit him with boxes Oh silly kids as
Italy I was boom box
we'll get the google headquarters just
being nerds I got to go see Apple I
gotta go see Google down
haha super flashback do you guys
remember was on the top of this hill
talking to Ali staying i think was
facetiming ali saying i was going to
bomb the sick hill and I did and right
about here I wiped out and Sophie and
Duncan were right there I don't even
think I don't know what day that was or
so I do a flashback but if you guys
remember let me know I just got a very
very fitted evil flashback in my brain
right now Google one of the Google
offices I had to do this because I
thought what other day would I get to go
to the Apple headquarters and the Google
headquarters all in the same day I'm a
nerd i know i'm a nerd give me a break
two nerds out there seeing signs like
this and the Apple sign are like going
to see the Hollywood sign if that makes
any sense cuz that's the Hollywood sign
is pretty done if you actually break it
down it's just a sign on a hill and the
Google when the Apple signs are pretty
stupid it's all like personal meaning
and that's why I Danny and I were
freaking out nerding out so much that's
pretty much why I'm not despite so many
pokemon around here I mainly wanted to
come here because I got to say thank you
to google and apple because that's why I
want to go there too for everything that
they have ever provided for me because
they've changed my life changed my
family's life changed hundreds of
millions of people's lives and Big Daddy
google will go back in there I know
we've done it a few times but I couldn't
schedule meeting these times cuz i love
you didn't come out
go out get out of the shower right daddy
near the towel dear girl that's good
right now I'm done you can get on the
shower now all is it possible i will
make
