most Galax everyone and Charles never
like to admit that he was wrong and he's
been so caught up in his job you didn't
see what's going on he thinks that she's
gonna be to come stay real sweet well
he's exactly right cuz she's sweet I'm
exactly snoop d-o-double-g my name is
Neil India gg
yes I have a better way to enjoy this
it's a flashback but it's better way
two things anyone know what movie that's
from please tell me it's pretty obvious
and who remembers that alright so you
guys know how we do the sign Polaroid
one every day for every day walk tour
Jake to sign one randomly so I don't
know what day it might be but you might
want to check every day with J tau mic
and we do clean split Jake
surprise fit with a new version of sad
song
all right you want to show me master
music video that
Oh
Hey
yeah
remember I guess I was here and a half
ago two years ago at the get over it
actually involves you Oh Kayla remember
Kayla from Travis's wedding it's
Travis's sister she was side stage where
Ally usually sits I did one of those
kind of pan to the left and I completely
thought it was her I thought it was Ally
for a second because I don't know if you
guys remember this photo
we dress the same way she's out here you
know supporting Travis I just wanted to
say hi
she's very shy and I thought it was a
funny story because that's where Ally
usually stands and she looks very much
like her I come off our bus what are you
doing to our bus right now
this is our clock looking at school
games drop on your phone back and take
your shirt off
okay that's fine nice to meet you guys
entertain them I can see that entertain
them okay let's get the drink right now
so Frankie's taking me to the signing
booth our burstable go I want to say hi
to a few of you guys right now
I don't know where I gotta go so I kind
of done everybody
he's taking me to school right now I got
my trial
get down to the camp
I will say hi you're hiding over there
you go say hi
takeout say hi today waka flocka flame
joins Warped Tour and so that means
Franky and I are going to be awesome we
bring our towels
maybe the
you need to bring towels maybe somebody
the stage towels that way welcome walk
I gotta roll with him because he knows
what's going on I just go because I
think it's gonna be fun I just walked up
Frankie's gonna stay down there is a
good shop Wow
for this all frickin summer all summer
it's always been hearing
actually a lot of fun
how about the best part when they did
some 41 is right on the colonies right
there guitarist right there
I think with more energy I usually go to
the shows like rap shows like that but I
was pretty fun
Kenny killing it over there actually
didn't even I don't even know if I still
want to do this um I woke up today and I
do what I always do which is I finish
editing the vlog and I answer my emails
and I do all the calls and I need to do
I get all the work that I need to get
done as I was doing my normal every
single day thanks which includes I'm
going through the comments and just
trying to you know talk to some people
and say thank you and all that jazz I
came across a comment from an individual
that is one of many that constantly make
fun of myself or Charles or other people
and mainly myself though typically I
either just delete the comment and just
like let it go or I remove the person
from the entire situation or I just let
it go and for some reason today I just
could not let it go
because it just has gotten to a point
that is just absolutely ridiculous I am
appalled and I am astonished at the
amount of courage people have to be sown
kind it blows my mind it blows my mind I
in the past two and a half years that
I've been with Charles I have
experienced more hate from individuals
that I do not know that I have ever
experienced in the 29 years of my life
ever and I take pride in the fact that I
can usually let things blow over and I
don't let them affect me or I don't
respond in a negative manner but I don't
know what it is it's like I woke up and
I saw that and I read it in it just like
it penetrated to my very core I
and it it just like I don't know I feel
like it ignited a switch and it just
pissed me off so much and it hurt me so
much and I guess my whole reason for
doing this is just to be like why why
why do you the individuals out there who
are making these negative comments why
do you feel that it is necessary to go
out of your way to write something so
cruel for someone to see that you know
is going to harm them mentally
emotionally physically with everything
that's going on the world what makes you
think I'm going to add to that and I
think it's going to be a great idea to
make someone feel so terrible about
themselves because why not I think with
everything that's going on in the world
right now that we need so much less hate
and we need so much more positivity and
we need so much more love rather than
this awful Ness that's been going on and
you giving your stupid stupid and
ignorant thoughts written down for the
whole world to see and especially for me
and Charles to see as well and that you
think it's okay it's okay buddy see my
dogs are freaking pissed off because
they know that I'm actually upset over
this I'm okay with the fact that people
don't like me I'm okay with it I mean it
sucks but I'm okay with it and I guess I
just want people to know that no matter
what you think words still hurt and it's
so disrespectful and to call a person
stupid or to make them feel less of a
person because it makes you maybe feel
better or you think it's funny it's not
fucking funny
it is not fucking funny it's wrong it's
cruel and it is not what this world
needs right now and I am NOT here to
spread more hate I am here to just try
remind those people that feel that it's
necessary to be so fucking cruel that
it's not cool it's not a cool thing and
it's not good you know I come and I do
this and I was terrified to get into
this lifestyle terrified and
I think I was more terrified one because
it's scary to put your whole life out
there and allow people to judge which I
understand most people are gonna be like
Ali it's freedom of speech you shouldn't
be doing this if you don't want people
to comment I get that but you have a
choice to make a positive comment or
make a negative comment or if you feel
negative about something you don't have
to write anything it's a choice
everything in life is a choice and you
can choose to be a better person I just
never thought coming into this that it
would be this bad and heaven forbid
there are so many amazing people there's
so many amazing CTFxC years out there
that I'm so blessed that I have met I'm
so blessed and I have been able to touch
their lives I'm so blessed that they
have accepted me into this world and
then there's those other people that I
just I just still cannot understand
after everything that's gone on in this
world in the past year that you can
still be so mean I hope one of this is
just just basically stay please think
before you speak please think before you
write you are being a bully and it
affects those people around you even if
they don't show it often
it still affects them and just for those
of you we're having a bad day and that's
why you write you mean comments do me a
favor if you feel that it's absolutely
necessary and you have a problem with me
I would rather you just send me an email
and explain to me why you have a problem
with me rather than writing it for my
family to see my friends to see for
Charles to see for everyone else in this
community who might be going through
something negative to see just please
reevaluate what you're doing and
honestly I'm so sick and tired of people
calling me stupid
I don't know
just please reevaluate the things that
you do for the rest you're like please
reevaluate when you make the decision of
writing me gone better I'm just please
try and do the right thing I hope I've
said what I needed to say and honestly
I'm like not even sure if I'm even going
to post this but I've decided to instead
of wanting these type of bullshit
situations ruin my day or disrupt me as
an individual I'm choosing now that I'm
not going to let this affect the rest of
my day and I'm going to make it a better
day I'm just I hope that this comes
across as something that may or may not
affect those who have been mean in the
past may want to be mean in the future
are writing that negative comment right
now that maybe you guys can think twice
before you make the wrong decision this
world needs more love and what
positivity does it need more hate so
and for those of you who have always
been kind into loving I appreciate you
in Charles appreciate see my family
imprints and his and we Prince
appreciate you but I hope those who have
been negative can go away from this and
change their ways and for those of you
who have always been kind
I appreciate you more than you will ever
know and Charles appreciates you more
than you will ever know so I'm going to
go and I'm gonna have a better day so
thanks
time
way
what
freakish I don't think I could handle
log any better than that so
Paris you know the world is bad way I
got here more poor people need to hear
the stairs you know thank you for being
so supportive and awesome to see galaxy
I hope from here on out you know the
CTFxC can be a little bit more about
more positivity in the comments I know
there's a ton of you guys but just this
is the time for change I hope tomorrow
is the day for change and I will see you
guys tomorrow is another good night
well I'll tuck it out now a Disney
commercial right now gorilla night I was
called babysitting a feral child I was
like I said cause we call the Father
so I was parenting dear parenting
