I don't know if I showed you guys good
morning by the way let my finished
product of all my mirrors so now I can
actually start driving this thing on a
little bit more you got my mirrors I
will you know about my stubbornness I
didn't want to do this but I will have
to admit okay having the mirrors on here
it was pretty nice so you're saying some
issues over there sit here we go sit sit
no no no well yeah like I was saying out
of my stubbornness I didn't want to put
the mirrors on here but actually gonna
like him out should have done this a
long time ago gonna go drive around for
a little bit Ali's gonna go for a run
you dropped in the water pill huh the
worst part about coming home on the days
off is leaving did I have to leave
tomorrow morning like five in the
morning again before till four in the
morning if boards at for ten in the
morning that's the only part about like
coming home is the flights going back
out to the bus cuz you have to be there
early enough just in case we have to do
the breakfast club but I have to say one
hundred percent worth it just being able
to come home hang out with everyone
laying in the bed taking a shower that's
not freezing cold
what are some other amenities Oh using a
porcelain toilet with blazing Wi-Fi and
air conditioning amazing things you take
for granted it what's today days like
the third so I mean is literally there's
10 more days on warp tour left and I
think that means seven more actual
playing days Ali's coming out in the
next couple days she's actually could
come to Vegas she's never been to Vegas
and I convinced her to go because the
only time I ever want to go to Vegas is
only for like a day so all I can fit
released and you can't go to Vegas for
more than one day without losing your
freaking mind I think I've already told
you guys that before this is dog clone
it's like this all-natural cucumber
spray and i love it but they hate it but
yeah it's diesel with that golf cart in
the road go go to the road doing what I
do all the time there was just three of
them over there and mine has the most
mirrors my olive oh there's a dog guys
are done with a road
oh that's another okay it's just good
say you're gonna have another brother a
sister you want to drive mine up in my
grill girl that's what drive over here
you always do that when I drove oh my
gosh you know what I close one of one of
those vitamins dos my grandma has one
some pretty good balance looking help
please yeah what's wrong with you stop
that actually not that hard it's
actually harder doing with dogs good job
babe part of summer my left all
right yeah I'm sure all ready ready
ready yeah when we come back mr. Charlie
thing I was right come on Ninja Warrior
why are you skipping some go faster
that's true thanks for like pretty much
their ultimate Ninja Warrior card huh
told you you gotta you could do it I
don't know all right not now they do
that good job to you can do it three
bring your knees up boy that's good I
don't think I could do one I don't know
which is better way better I think
that's the easier sort that's the harder
way I think that's a harder way can you
do one try the other way I fig about gel
thank you ready that's cheating
well sorry you overhear this oh great
its pokey stop huh there's an empty gym
oh my goodness gracious of course
pokemon is going as we're taking the
spot so I used to live in seminole
actually a nice to come to this Park all
the time doin what what is on her Miley
your will oh yeah well / honey how did
she get so cod hmm so I used to actually
live out here and I would come and run
in this park all the time and I haven't
been here well god it's been at least
two and a half three years at least
three years it's weird though I almost I
remember like little bits and pieces
about it but not really a lot I don't
know what that word is doing back there
come on jar and then distance you can
see there's like a little bunny rabbit
right there so cute hey can we leave
that now or you want to bring it with
you do you want to bring it with you or
eat do not eat squirrels after a full
day of using Instagram stories I've got
to say to be completely honest I don't
necessarily like a better than snapchat
but I'm actually really really freaking
surprised on how nice it looks it's it's
like a very clean interface the only
thing that don't like about is that it's
like very hard to find people and the
organization is a little tough what are
you really doing so what I've been doing
for the last 24 hours I kind of post on
both but I do different variations of
things so I don't know my I think the
jury is still out on that whole
situation I just like snaps Oh a filter
so I think the filters is the thing that
but you gotta imagine it took like three
years for snapchat that get filters I
only found snapchat winning head filters
so I don't that's true you don't know
the old days oh you're carrying a happy
packager your take oh my gosh so I have
all this stuff on them okay yes death
got him sorry girls okay oh my god that
smelled so bad so you're the one who
stepped in it you start on your own poo
we thought that like coming out here
would have been a good idea but it's
like not to move
for us but I can just tell it's just
really not that good for them keep going
Ron bars run so I've clearly mixed up my
parks because I wanted to take Charles
to this one particular park that hat
it's like a like a four-story five-story
wooden tower where you can look out over
the water like us when it was right on
this leg but i guess i was wrong i can
remember going there and just
remembering how beautiful it was and at
night it's so cool because you can see
like the city lights so then you have
just like this acres and acres and acres
of trees and land is pretty cool come on
slackers diesel is like blowing us all
out of the water he's in first place for
sure that's pretty high hey buddy do you
quit slow down slow down it's like I'm
over this it's too hot take me home yeah
I have more water break number four yeah
it's way too hot for them you probably
shouldn't be out here too much longer
can't pee like a normal dog everything
has to be like elevated and have
believes and you know you know the rest
is she is she gonna do it is you're
gonna do there she's going oh well BAM
look at that bush like three times the
size of you oh no wow that is weird but
kind of like a dr. Seuss tree gosh you
wonder how that Wow makes you wonder how
that happened it's actually really
really nice hanging out with the dogs
and tar and you know just going for a
walk at a park and not doing anything
too crazy you can find a lot of cool
things to which that's one of the
biggest things that I love to do is like
find new places when I haven't been to
oops has fun now yeah I was really nice
I like it new park no not if i knows
that is runner she's looking for a
coffee and the cookies
copy and cookies Biggio bro with my
cookies look her cookies bro Alice him
do some painting her color penciling no
I'm gonna paint brothers had an idea no
I'm stalking my idea in the meantime I'm
gonna go clean these little dirt turds
dirt turds where's the other turd you
painting a boob no Charles are not being
a boo-boo boo-boo that's worth boob I
love you but you are so silly or an
eyeball you're invading my space get the
hell out hey y'all happy come on Dora
Dora
where can I Zoe go play
sleeping like a cat on the couch and the
other ones are actually being good so
early tomorrow and Phoenix workflow
doesn't start until one-thirty p.m.
instead of the traditional 1130am so
Travis now they can push back our
flights so that means no that we let the
fly out at four in the morning actually
the fly okay anyway we're saying so
Idon't the flautas four in the morning
my out Milosevic normal time so an ally
and I went on a kind of little dinner
date but they said beautiful smile again
yeah that's my day I'm marrying that
primary barbecue mmm honey butter how
can we make something more not good for
you well guys I'm trying to find all my
dirty clothes I brought some dirty
clothes home that was using my noggin
because last time I forgot to do that
and Ali's making cookies over there I
actually make are actually did this from
scratch and then put them in squares
looks really cool squares anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video I will
see you guys tomorrow as always what's
the matrix so dumb diesel hidden poop
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night bye guys
