not gonna lie just woke up and again I
didn't go to bed until what time did I
get here nine ten I don't know whatever
and it's two o'clock now so I got a good
night's sleep I guess you could say good
afternoon sleep so I'm just helping Ali
out right now with the editing uploaded
the vlogs right now because she's with
her grandma doing brunch and I saw this
next to the computer I thought it was
the sweetest thing this is why I come
home for the surprises she's so damn
cute well yesterday I was talking about
that whole we did the massages Travis
and I and at the second I was gonna get
on a plane there's gonna completely
throw it out the door
it did my neck hurts so bad Zoey's not
letting me go anywhere I was laying down
and she just sat right on my feet I was
over there these old chillin down there
every time I move they go to bathroom
and get some water and they follow me
and they're right behind me
Ali is with her grandma and her sister
right now they're talking about wedding
stuff and they went out to lunch I
didn't know Ali was doing this so thank
God like literally I got home at like
8:45 and she had to go around 9:30 so I
completely almost screwed up my own
surprise by not paying attention since
you know the vlogs are always about
documenting my life and just documenting
things around my life I want to put this
into daily vlogs because I feel like
looking back in history like you know
tech history it might be kind of a cool
thing so August 2nd is the day that
Instagram transitions to I guess they're
calling it stories just like snapchat
that's my little Instagram storage right
there see so I wanted to put that in
there and then I wanted to ask you guys
I know it's only been out a day so I'll
probably ask you in by a week or so do
you think Instagram stories is a
necessary or be better or what you know
like basically which one would you guys
prefer like Instagram like stories or
snapchat story
I feel instagrams always been good for
photos but I mean that's kind of just
because that's all it was it didn't
evolve people give you know myself
included so I'm not you know out of this
exclusion companies like crap when they
try to evolve and kind of do things like
Facebook when they did the messaging and
all that and basically when a company
tries to evolve into something else or
including another feature a lot of
people like I said myself included but I
was being sarcastic kind of jump on that
company just basically say it's crap
it's stupid you're just copying like for
example we have my space we have
bulletins right I don't know if you guys
even remember what those were I couldn't
even go back further it was to stop at
myspace bulletins then we had Facebook
and then they had you know status
updates and then we had twitter which
was just those status updates it alone
you know just by itself then we have
Instagram which is taking the basics of
you know MySpace and just taking photos
from Facebook kind of thing and removing
the whole status updates basically I
guess in the stupid grin that I'm just
trying to say do you think it's a good
idea or a bad idea I kind of think it's
a good idea because I kind of like
having a one-stop shop to everything
like if Instagram has the ability to
upload photos like just one nice photo
like every couple days and also the
ability to do like kind of snapchat kind
of photos or videos I kind of like that
because it's one less you know
application I have to open I know it's
just a stupid application it's a bleep
that's all you got to do but not so much
from posting it's actually kind of nice
to checking up on it and everything
having it all in one little app whatever
you guys decide if you're following us
on snapchat or not yet or Instagram I'll
put all the stuff right here on the
screen so you guys can make sure to do
that
it's really easy it's just our names but
I think on snapchat Alley has one extra
ass she'll go back there and I'm gonna
call her and she's this gonna mess was
knowing him and then leave if she won't
fulfill the situation I'm coming to me
right
what was that okay well you didn't
fulfill it at all come here Marley come
here oh hey this messes with poor Zoey
doesn't even come to me because I do one
Boop no I will Boop your finger
off okay just do one no just one Boop
your dog I hate that sorry she won't let
me
Zoey Hey think of me play dead
hey cuz barley where do you work
come here anyway enough you guys can
hear that it's pouring outside and
lightning thundering and how he was
laying right here is oh he was right
there and for some reason she just
wanted to lay next to Ali instead of me
see you sold me out bro
is this like a bumblebee it's like the
skin they share itself
we lose the US Washington
come a little closer at the wind is
getting it
check this out I have no idea what this
thing is it's huge just a perspective so
here's the top of a lighter that's how
big that thing is we have a 7d so we're
trying to find Ali a nice camera so she
can start getting a little bit better
stuff so could be notice oh yeah that
she has an 8 6000 but we want to get her
like an external mic and I don't think a
6000 has an external mark Mike sighs
been a long day and the problem with
this camera is like you constantly hear
like a click click click with the
autofocus so that kind of gets annoying
Ally's going legit Matt the 7,000
fryer the best one is the lightest is
never mirrorless and she's all around
really it's actually pretty affordable
too because that's actually what Danny
and Frankie actually camera Frankie uses
for all those video clips that we use in
the vlog and all those photos are that's
the Sony a thousand this is the a 7,000
sorry I keep hearing that number two in
numbers we serve logging with one of
those these are most annoying they try
to put that in your back pocket away you
don't have any pockets that'd be the
most annoying thing to try to vlog I
feel like what are the when I first
started youtube I actually had one of
those like a handycam back in the day oh
look we have here we have four copies
left let's get a couple flies you know
I'm only gonna be here for a couple days
and you have to eat both of them with a
blueberry pie
so I've seen this thing online forever
where people made like evil eye brows or
like anime eyebrows and like stuck them
from their dogs but they doing with like
seaweed and you got I think between
diesel Marley cause Ellie's a little
she's got the turkey ra this one you do
with rice paper or Zoey Zoey got white
hair we can do the rice paper for Zoey
and then diesel and Marley hits do the
sealy grabs since I've been gone Marley
has been replaced by a good dog that's
gentle and calm apparently do it again
holding there is the calm one okay
goober - I mean granted granted it's
with a lot of effort all right so this
is gonna be so easy I browse there's
gonna be everyone else's eyebrows we're
gonna make some Pokemon I'm wondering if
this one's gonna actually work there cuz
it's so clear I don't think it'll stick
the scenes from the stick of the state
literally no joke yeah but don't you
just wet and a little bit to stick don't
you ever had like the ends I would
assume Lucy this is gonna be the
greatest thing in the world
catching really you're very precise
I want to make it nice and pretty you'll
be really funny three with a unibrow
okay let's go first
let's try mark
Alys figured it out my Ally figured it
out using coconut the thing is all over
your finger now okay let me try it
toddler you have to distract it with
something moving anyway alright so if
you what to see we love it
Joey don't you want to have one eyebrow
what's wrong with you fix your eyebrows
she's really cool you're such a good
girl
oh there it is why so serious
she looks angry angry they even stay in
my head I don't know is he you know like
really lick it do not eat it
coconut
what no seaweed oh she died went off
so crazy I just want to eat all this
coconut oh that's all we can do now is
this coconut oil plus C we now is my
least favorite thing in the world is the
fluffy face in any given work Eugene
Levy you look silly camera helix no
beautiful it's so funny she's already
got very prominent eyebrows you look
gorgeous darling gorgeous and you smell
like flowers oh there we go
piece of in here
wait what forget
I put that in there
literally and literally put the students
there are
yeah the whole time smile would ever
doesn't like it either wink not blink
away it's like just lost does Ito feels
like
what do you call a last whole part of
the video
blam Ali this is weird I internet I hope
you enjoyed today's video we got some
Pokemon a little tired there now
pokemons I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night
during the party
