they've gone over there
all right release the hounds
my couch all day today I've been kind of
checking out venues in Sarasota and
check me out Phineas and st. Petersburg
Tampa Bay area and it is like blowing my
mind that cost of everything how much it
costs just for the venue alone and then
well of renting the venue how much it
costs for food home for us for you know
alcohol how much it must hurt just
chairs linens everything and after we
get me out for any of you out there that
are actually experiencing this you know
planning process that are actually going
through right now how do you do it good
morning guys so we're at Albuquerque New
Mexico right now and we're about to go
play a show we actually got an early
show so myself and trav are gonna get
surprised I'm gonna go surprise Ali and
he's gonna go surprise Jenny and Kinsley
hopefully if everything works out the
way we want we
in a couple hours I love surprising Ali
it's actually my favorite thing to do
it's always like a challenge though to
get in the house without the dogs
barking something gonna go play show
they had a few people and then go jump
on a plane scare Ali by the way I just
took over a gym with Frankie over at
Pokemon
I know nerds nerd alert Frankie and I
owned a gym for a mere couple hours not
even have you lived 45 minutes and I'm
for you for coming at you look I caught
a Charizard I don't know what that one
is
does anyone know what that one is that's
urea whatever it is I don't know make
myself sound like an idiot to put it
shut up it's not a good time in the
words of the great Kid Rock she was
that is the option to say no
thank you making fun of my lack of
facial hair who would never do something
you would never do that you're such a
nice guy
I think you look awesome oh now you I
see here's the thing I don't think I've
showed you guys Franky always pretend
like he have the hot bomb but gets the
air-conditioning vent here and one down
there and then dulk as one right here as
well I on the other hand I don't know I
told you guys only by the foot and it
only sometimes blows I should have liked
a little more retroactively I guess it's
retroactive now well if I have a
please look at this yeah every day yep
so that just wraps the heated one
Melissa called me and wants to come over
because we we're gonna have some wine
and some tacos so we're gonna have a
wine taco Bachelorette night and I've
never had one of those before because
honestly I never watched The
Bachelorette up until it's here or up
until this season I should say because
the Melissa and her dad's yeah think
about that Melissa & Papa trippin who do
you thinks gonna win actually let's just
say who do you thinks gonna win for
those of you who are watching The
Bachelorette
I think it's who's the jumper is down to
Jordan and the other guy from Florida
which I don't think it's gonna win
he's a nice it's kind of like I don't
know a minute ago in the video we got
our Pope he's not back yeah of course
that's not yeah we're like level 100 mm
we're like 2,200 on our radish radish
radish all right our gold duck or gold
gold on gold
Chuck don't go back Golduck pull that is
it gold duck call that gold gol are you
questioning pokemon gold that these guys
say fast go back and I love how jinx
looks like Nicki Minaj
hock the horn
we're good good job brother let's run
away to the air work
looks like everyone's going home I just
saw Kellan from slipping the sirens and
half the May Day Parade guys everyone's
got the right idea right now I'm just
waiting on traffic I got TSA pre and he
didn't so I'm kind of I'm laughing right
now
I win you guys know how we always have
that competition I won the Sun and I
feel so bad I kicked him out of first
class I got bumped up I feel like a jerk
look he's catching a Pokemon he's
catching Falcon whatever his name is
Jeff don't get your Pokemon - oh I was
real catching yeah look at that and he's
got a bird on top of he's got Peter on
his head just waiting for her plane to
get in here
any day playing elevator we're just
getting some food and I don't know what
this plan is that pick UK that's coming
but I were gonna win you see that as
Paris killer I guess did you do
it
you
look at all the dead bugs
I guess they couldn't fly voila what are
you doing get down you know like when
you land at the airport yeah oh so not
get the crappy food oh yeah yeah just
get the hell out the air for it yeah
Trev and I always go to luxury and get
the disgusting food
you got to and here's the thing I feel
like we should cancel our flights and
stay here
oh yes here there showers I think they
do what does that work
oh those head things you got one of
those head things gonna get stuck in
your hair
and done your legs just go with I like
up there's a right good
you pay me to do that for 30 minutes
okay see the thing is I told me one of
these snapchatting was to be documenting
it but I can't she has right now is on
trial she has no idea they broke it
right now we got ours
so our next-door neighbor just came over
they're actually like redoing the house
next door to have one big issue I guess
that happened with the house previous
let me show you really quick see how
they're putting out that pool cage right
there or the old pool cage that they had
there this particular oak tree this like
kind of looks almost little but it's
really kind of big it actually goes over
that way too
so al in this huge limb fell over onto
the pool cage and actually destroyed it
a few years ago so they asked that they
come over and you know pup s with that
prevents it from happening which I don't
mind
I retract Charles Bond I don't mind and
obviously if they're putting in a brand
new full gauge I do not want that
happening again and then were those
neighbors were those neighbors that like
no that tree is way too important to me
so I love trees I love the environment
I'll make sure but it's ok if it loses a
limb I'm ok with that
look at oh my god it smells so good I
mop the floors oh my good
you guys probably think I'm just psycho
but it's just so nice when it's so clean
that was freakin amazing
but we're gonna get crunched up on a
freaking airplane right now it's gonna
go at least we're not going back on the
bus the worst slap in the face I think
would be do all this awesomeness and
then get on a bus just crouch into that
yeah a little freaking bunk
like that you believe in the endorphins
like hello we've got your water you know
like washing assistant you get like that
rest
oh yeah the bunker massage sounds like
wait yeah my dad like come on really I
thought you were gonna say you like the
bunker you see there's buses that I have
legs where it like walks me to sleep
knows like the best yeah but there's
other side of the end it would scare the
crap out of you in the middle the night
when you're sleeping I think I was
talking about Danny you're trying to
your body actually tenses up in the book
you don't realize you're doing it so
you're actually being all tensed up so
you don't fall out of the bucket like
that story it's actually fallen for the
target boy and look who it is hi
it feels so much better yes the
bachelorette party has begun Melissa
cooks
I cooked see this is a delicious dinner
that my mom's goulash so better than
what I've been having recently so it's
pretty darn good he's got a one-pot
cheesy taco pasta but what are we gonna
watch one day I feel like we were we
went to go watch Melissa's dad play and
his two sisters were there so Melissa
and Charles's against were there and
everyone was like talking about the
Bachelorette and I think your dad was
talking about it too yeah yeah and they
were talking about it and I was like oh
okay I've never watched this but I
noticed it was on like Hulu and so then
that's how I started watching it was
because of those two because they were
going back and forth about it like oh my
god can you believe that so-and-so did
this kind of thing I don't have cable TV
I just have Hulu so I wouldn't be able
to watch it until tomorrow so we're
having the finale night here having wine
eating our taco goulash with uh the
fresh baked chips that I brought and
that homemade hummus that I brought to
you by homemade the homemade hummus
there
this place in Thailand called I believe
it Phuket Phu ket but Melissa has called
it kid Thailand and we just discovered
that Jojo changed three times in the
first three seconds of the show
oh there it is again fourth fourth
outfit so far so good I got off the
phone with outwait daughter I was go to
bed early
she should be going to bed right now
with the assumption that I'm still on
the tour bus so far things are going
wrong I refuse to end this vlog until I
see the surprise on his face I was
looking at like floors in the area that
might be up and up open or up to a play
game plan and but I refused to say
goodnight guys until I see her almost
over
got my own cart and everything battery's
about to die
perfect timing Oh Chico you gotta find a
florist those animation that go into
that
getting the roses mater and out I mean
but getting them put together no we're
just making some roses there we go
surprise you Marley
rule number one computers okay rule
number two you don't eat the flowers
evil is your flower they're heavy
florists are you at a theater am I gonna
say this mission successful going to bed
see you guys tomorrow so eat your asses
in my face going dude ever to yell at
and for blogging that vlogging
well I real
