good morning you fall so Jake and I just
walked outside because we wanted to see
how this how long does tent was gonna
last so you guys know we didn't do this
you're gonna come your Swiss
inspecting the tension being weighed
down by riser bars and I put my can in
there just to help so far so good and
not yet hey everyone remember right here
at the easiest one to remember and then
we'll see where it is actually help
that's gonna blow away I want a charger
you sure it was centered
deprived exactly it's gonna be fine
nothing good just ignoring right Laurie
it'll be fine all right go find your
wife she's on the bus yeah she should be
Jess his wife came out to surprise him
the other day so he's pretty pumped and
she just like when people grab something
on the bus right now it's funny because
Jake essentially lives on our boss and
we essentially live on the bait a bus
it's kind of funny like we had two buses
I don't know if you guys remember ever
at Denver title think I ever remember
seeing a theme park right here there's a
Rocco's play right there I never seen
that before I got bored so I went to go
get some ice spain in the asset is on
scooter though because there's about the
rain and I'm thinking was going to do it
so I figured that we kind of fun oh it's
tells a move oh I have like it worse
yeah like these like pulsating little
things that haven't right my head saying
like a full headache it just like
happened like split second and then it
goes away yeah I thought yet why so do
you get it sometimes if i turn my head
it's like a this headache that shoots
from like back here to my forehead and
it
and then afterwards my host my skull was
like number a while well that's our and
I get my grades I was like a little so
weird never had that ripped out well
maybe should i was getting i was gettin
like right there and then they like last
for like three seconds but it's just so
o people anyways we are going to go and
my dad because my dad had surgery a
little bit ago and he can't do much so
we thought that we would stop by his
house and just hang out for a little bit
huh
so I just got back from my dad's house
and he was actually recovering really
really well from his surgery and he has
to go in actually to the surgeon
tomorrow so if you guys remember when he
was in the hospital he had like little
issues with his intestines and they
actually had to surgically remove part
of it so he was kind of out of
commission for a little bit but he was
doing so much better i'm so happy it was
so much fun to hang out with him i
actually showed him snapchat and i had
him do a few things all actually you
know what here i'm just going to show
you a little bit of what we did now i'm
just hanging out these little boogers or
we're all walking together there's some
little dachshund background don't like
dogs or it's not that they don't like
them I think that they're just loud and
it's so funny because diesel Zoe I'm
Harley or not he's making word they're
just too busy smelling everything that's
on this neighborhood I always find it
funny though because when they're at
home for like always sparking in the
house but when we're actually out and
about I never really barked at anybody
or any other dogs they just kind of like
stare and they might have come off a
little bit but they never actually bark
okay so good for some reason my lease
trailing behind Zoe not a good spot to
be unfortunately today was probably the
worst day that I've had on tour not
because of anything or anyone in
particular just like glitches and
glitches and glitches
pretty much played eighty or ninety
percent of a song before a guitar came
on i think it's just our Wi-Fi what
happens is with Wi-Fi has got RF signals
and there's so many RF signals because
so many bands are using wireless guitars
so it ends up kind of crossing signals
kind of like good remember that one time
I don't remember where it was exactly
we're playing a show you can hear
Spanish television coming through this
the ears kind of like that but just
other bands like today we heard I think
we're sleeping with sirens was listening
to them as they were soundchecking it
was a fun show beautiful city of love
Denver but at the same time just kind of
sauce whatever kind of Dodger that's a
sock it's just kind of unfortunate that
goes this is jake's first vlog actually
is that thanks Jake yousa vlogging all
the time I can walk before ever should
yell at him for blogging that blogging
anymore well I realized that I wasn't
very good at it
vertical / screen out
go as your assign it
no break
let me tell you what it is not an easy
task walking three dogs at one it's like
it's okay there are a few factors that
come into play though when walking these
stocks it's not terrible if there's no
other dogs around if there are other
dogs around it's insane I like broke out
in a sweat and I was just walking
because I was trying to contain them so
that they were not like they were just
like all over the place and then little
dogs are coming bark and said that
Marlene diesel of bark and so I have to
take you like go back on my word saying
like oh my dogs are so calm nope they
had me fooled I am a fool for the first
few dogs that we saw and then all of a
sudden I guess it was like some dog I
just pissed them off and it was these
little like little little poodle dogs
and I guess diesel Marley were like we
are not having this and they just serve
barking like crazy the little dogs start
barking like crazy well actually the
little dogs start barking first here's
just insane they're all pretty worn out
you were in it too that one is too oh
I'm worn out
Oh
iron brown
background somewhere Callie and she said
category the approval of
when I wants to try not wedding dress
video because I was really really
nervous about watching it
traffic was the internet so
for a beer us
she looks absolutely stunning you didn't
dial up internet if you guys haven't
watched this video it's yesterday's
video make sure to check it out because
it would be two days it goes with a
but this is the title so you can go
watch it she sent him clear for me to
actually watch it because she blacked
out parallel she did she blacked I can't
tell
she blackouts and the Justice she likes
it doesn't mean these addresses she's
getting at
sir listens are so loud
sir Sir well sweet okay so those were
buffering for 15 minutes they can watch
a little couple seconds
she looks so beautiful and that's the
end of warped tour denver go fast unless
we get hit by stage so i finally for the
first time in its entire tour at the
back all to myself so I'm taking
everything into watching a movie i'm
watching the day after tomorrow you guys
were a cheesy movie it's so bad for
those bad movies that are so pretty good
didn't want to say it was a bad day I
meant more like it was a more
frustrating day but the thing is he's
you know once at the end of the day I
could talk to LA to the dogs on the
screen as you fight tell right now I
know it's completely stuffed up it was
barely breathing right now we're nearing
the end of this tour by the way we have
as of tomorrow like nine more shows the
first thing with 11 more days or
something like that you was right it's a
13th we're done for him Frankie comes to
ruin the party all right sorry break
he's writing a party hat six like that
nobody ruining the party you apologize
sir your luscious locks
hi guys
five it's been
