why are you so cute this morning huh
come here hello what are we doing are we
are we playing dead dog what's going on
Marley come here army crawl over here
okay alright I'll rub your belly now you
take a morning in it so try was warming
up you finished both of his arms again
like two years ago or updated his arm so
he's trying to warm up by using his arms
again
poor kid doesn't listen doesn't learn I
should say he on the other hand I'm
feeling great
yeah asleep yeah that's the way we were
here and now they completely blocked off
Caesars ram into a giant fence are back
with the honey buckets messy report ye
oh yeah all right what's it like is this
where that thing fell down something
thank you one this right here yeah this
is a spaceship and a chameleon I didn't
know it was this place so it's kind of
cool history just this is our workout
makes us feel like we're doing some all
of this you get it big jump yeah go over
more get a good swing back Oh what is
that the swing has waiting pop-tarts
krystal burgers and just watching these
are still pretty these athletes monster
two things I 80 after two beautiful
those mountains are
had a bad back drop for work for today
that's what i was talking about right
there
well hello Internet it is Saturday
afternoon I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog from yesterday it was so much fun
trying on dresses it was my first
official time and I really I so nervous
about it i don't know why i had my
nerves are just going like crazy they
were going awol yesterday and it was
making me feel sick to my stomach and
all that jazz but you know I was talking
to my mom my sister and you know Marlene
and listen and everyone kept telling me
and reassuring me that's totally normal
but when I got there it's just it's such
a different feeling trying on dresses
and you know seeing yourself in that way
and we tried on some things that I went
typically try on but I told her I wanted
something funky so it was so much fun it
did black out some of the dresses
because I liked them so much but there
is more dress trying on in the future my
mom and I are actually traveling
somewhere and like a month or so for
particular reason and I'm just I'm
really excited I'm really excited to
start this process of the wedding it was
fun you had a good time though right he
did I didn't try on too crazy of dresses
but don't you did they were I think all
of them were very unique and she
probably
how that many people try the ball yeah
but I told her I was like I'm not sure I
want a white dress I think I might want
kind of like a funkier color I don't
really even know what the color would be
that I'm looking for but the first one
you gotta love it I like my little bit
of ivory the first one like I blocked
out okay so the two that i blocked out
had elements that I want in a dress I
wasn't a hundred percent on either one
of those but if I decided against it I
could alter it in some way those were
definite went like winners in my book
but they had key elements to what I want
in a dress so that's why I blocked it
out cuz I didn't want Charles to see and
I definitely didn't you know I kind of
need to keep it a surprise going on a
little tiny adventure it's actually
going like the beginning of a horror
film thing just look so freaking scary
we're just like a setup for a horror
film
like what happened to those golf cart
tires weight is in a body so I can't
tell do you guys remember when we
actually went on that before they closed
it down there wanting on go on that
thing all day they usually have that
open i think it was open last year but
they closed it for some reason see
that's a beaut about filming every day
is like I remember it but I could just
go back in the spine of the day and
actually we live it I was looking gloomy
over there so I hope your ecstasy over
there above that tent it was moving back
and forth and Danny like both thought it
was a tornado at first
just set the tone for me the king said
today
so this girl her name is Kate dr. Levin
through
myself silly barley and
that is so cool I wanted to show you
guys one day I will hopefully be
animated
not whatever happened
that's at the dream of fun
push you back the show because it keeps
you in lighting right now
beautiful doing fun things with this
nacho no he's poking something with this
horn it's Kinsley's I know that's why
you should why you doing that that's so
weird I'm loving it I'm keeping a top
peoples are
10 more sure
a lot
I feel they're breaking space says it
all right now this is ian's bass boat
without Lionel Richie now that you see
your face Lily king don't hide don't
hide don't hide down there we're gonna
let me fly and play guitar imma play
guitar please go play guitar they take
photos
that just record that oh yeah okay so we
have the guys from bad rabbits on their
legendary band was watching it so that's
what's actually dance with us veteran
singer compliment my shirt actually said
she won't work for swear to God that's a
little any middles we know that he's one
of my favorite they're like legends so
they have them watching us you're
wrecking enough kind of dancing I did
not want to dance it was not dancing out
of their their house good show though
threat office
shut up
fuck
the cap will be
again
mr. Daley don't get it what you block
you're now doing right what's that
Oh lemon chess did you mean to go there
I twisted it while you drop it oh no no
I didn't and you gonna break my camera
Wow oh boy do you don't see that Danny
geez Danny don't deserve my so Frank you
thought it'd be a great idea to treat
Chris to his first in and out burger hey
all that's all you get to choose from
burgers cheeseburger languages yes I
feel like we need to hire secure on
right now just for what for your caring
right now precious cargo I would anyone
gets a sniff of this stuff or that we're
dead it's like with trav and I were like
bringing all that pizza through the
barbecue well you got the cream cheese
the girl chooses in here it's in here
somewhere wasn't this is to go
and the vultures come out okay Chris
tell the other vegan cheese all these e
which is totally bigotry job boys Chris
yes so as your first in and out what do
you think I loved it except kompy's my
Nobel Prize Saturday night and I am at
home with the dogs it's so weird because
I never really thought that I would get
to that point my life where I like to be
at home more than I like to kind of go
out and do things I didn't realize how
much I would love just kind of having
this me time so every few days every few
weeks every few vlogs i should say this
is one thing that I've actually kind of
discussed with Charles is that it's
really important for me to not be
vlogging because I like being able to
have my private time in and I like to be
able to have just time alone with my
friends or time alone with my family and
that's the thing that's so important to
me and something that I've always wanted
to kind of maintain when I started daily
walking with him and it's not that I
don't love daily vlogging I love it but
just sometimes I like to just try to be
on my own and not really do anything and
just feel like I can sit down and I can
kind of just relax so that's kind of
what he did today I wasn't feeling
yesterday so many thing I loved every
moment of it but I haven't really been
feeling the greatest the past couple of
days so it kind of just decided to take
it easy and you know spend some time
with my sister and I know you guys
understand but I feel like sometimes
when i vlog like I just sometimes I just
kind of go m.i.a and I don't really have
any explanation as to why I'm not there
but most the time when you don't see me
in the vlog I am either working on my
own projects and I just need that time
or I just kind of just need my own time
like I need time to just do nothing
sometimes or I need time to just do only
me where I'm not worrying about a camera
and I'm not worrying about filming
something just like Charles needs that
sometimes too we don't have really
talked about it and
I don't really give an explanation but I
did want to also kind of say you know
with this time that I'm spending by
myself and I'm taking away from blogging
it's allowing me the opportunities to do
the things that I've always wanted to do
so I want to thank Charles obviously for
that but I also want to thank you guys
because you welcomed me into this
community has just been crazy and scary
at times and hard at times but you know
I understood it and I respect each and
every one of yours you know feelings and
your decisions as to why that was and I
just kind of wanted to tell you that I
really appreciate you guys just allowing
me to be a part of this world and his
family because it is one of the most
incredible life-changing experiences
I've ever had and not only was I able to
fall in love with someone and fall in
love with them with other people
watching which is crazy it's like real
life true and show but fall in love and
fall in love with the community too I
don't know why I feel a little bit
nervous talking about this but I just
really am so thankful and I really hope
you guys know that in a timeframe when
everything is so crazy and so negative i
love that i can come to the vlogs and
one spread a little positivity but also
find positivity in the vlogs from
comments from you guys from the support
from you guys when we are you know when
Charles that on tour I see you out in
public I just want you to know that i
love you guys so much and just thank you
for bringing me into this world and
accepting me into this world and for
those of you who have not yet I hope one
day that we can be in sync and I don't
know I feel like YouTube for so many
people has been such a positive place it
wore it was for so long and I think it
kind of hit a wall where there was so
much negativity going on within the
comments and just fighting back and
forth between people and it just I don't
think that that's what this is meant to
be you do is such a powerful almost
piece of art
that can unite so many people together
that would never or could possibly never
meet ever in their life and I guess I
just want to say thank you for allowing
me to be a part of that and then also
just to not forget guys that life is so
short and we just got to be more
positive and better people and you know
we need to spread love and I don't know
I feel like this ran doesn't make any
sense but it made more sense of my mind
when I was you know thinking about it
earlier but I just love you guys and
thank you for changing my life in such a
positive way I'm gonna stop with all the
mushy stuff and I'm going to spend a
Saturday night home with my pups I'm
gonna go call my fiance and I'm just
gonna tell him how much I love him so I
love you guys all right bye
you
