guess what we're doing today guys we're
gonna go try on some dresses gotta honk
the horn just to make sure they come out
that cool all right good morning guys
that's the only way to go we're doing
laundry as you can see looking for trash
back there with the laundry I'm trying
not to think about it I'm very
claustrophobic and a nexus stinky
laundry doesn't help it's cuz he was
last he's punished these you sit back
there and you think about what you did
Davin in the car you have to dab to the
right No
headquarters my pocket on something
nothing see you getting nothing this is
a bad
you lost your money day off yeah plus is
juice juicing what low water is that all
that is hairy got one it just looks like
you're coming out the party hunters
would be so excited diet day off party
at New Found Glory we got us and we got
made a parade and then we got the other
future sister over there guess what
we're doing today guys we're gonna go
try on some dresses
with me and that's two minutes oh my
gosh
we actually got here on time I know
we're not pretty good at being on time
we're great but we're pretty good are
you guys excited so Caitlyn told Charles
that she's gonna make me try and address
its gonna look well a little bit I
wasn't gonna go through mama but we can
try that oh man look at those dresses oh
I'm really kind of nervous I have a
little bit of nerves right now so I
don't know if you guys are following me
on Twitter if you're not shame on you I
tweeted yesterday and our Facebook
yesterday that I was gonna get a new
tattoo I was either gonna get a like a
power button you guys think the Mac Pro
like right here or the YouTube logo just
because I feel like the YouTube logo
would be this one I'll show it to you
start sitting down so long my feet went
numb you hate when that I hate when that
happens
gonna wake him up
this one right here I kind of want to
get this might have Craig kind of
altered a little bit I want to do a
little one like right here not huge but
just right there I mean for obvious
reasons YouTube's done so much for me in
my life and my family's life it just
it's just a no-brainer in my opinion I
don't know I think I'm gonna do that I
actually let you guys vote and that one
really outvoted the other one obviously
this is all up to me but I kind of
wanted to see what you guys thought and
I feel that YouTube because it gave me
so much life there's so many
opportunities in my life it'd be nice to
represent it like I always said this is
the arm of what I wanted to be as a kid
you know what I wanted to do growing up
and then this is gonna be my arm of what
I am now you know like band musician you
know dweeb nerd dragon CTFxC stuff and I
feel like putting that and then making
this a nice sleeve would be kind of cool
over time and rather than do this on a
tour bus we decided that we do it in
hotel room Craig's actually the one who
did this one two years ago for me are
you remember remember the cult after I
don't know how many years Duncan is
finally getting some room the back is
killing like Maze Runner just all healed
up it is if you really want to be a part
of the band you'll let us color in the
eyes you can come in some on the eye I
can't really that's Danny I'm pretty
good at this
see if rank hurt when i touch it slam it
ball punch is open right now I did the
cruelest thing I've ever done in my life
like that I won't do it I would never do
that I would think about it freaking
dragon we gotta do it between so while
we're here not only iron and directives
but I want my left and I can't wait to
do it
this is gonna be so much fun there's so
many things
Ali has left me in charge of the camera
house you guys ready you ready for this
we got the moms in the middle
we got the sisters on the end what do
you guys want to edit that part out but
there you go mama trippy mama trippy
isms right there ready to drop bombs but
he keeps on forgetting what he wrote
down the whole crowd goes so loud he
opens his mouth but the words don't come
out he's choking how everybody's joking
how you wanting to face it towards you I
like that right so when I held it up
like that show people like that yeah
good place No so Beasley is going to
help me out and get the play button
since YouTube has changed my life
however how long this has been since
I've done this I'm just anticipating he
doesn't want the tattoo anymore
protecting your arm it didn't hurt at
first and then Drake found a little
knuckle part their mom's over there
checking out dresses how you doing over
there
yeah you should ask my mom what she
called this what did it all wash what
you calling here what it is cool I did I
know I don't know ma she's going in okay
support your toddy get a tutor that's a
corner
that's the future the giant boomerang
right is that we disguise part of the
club
join the club joining the club look at
you curling up over there
holy beautiful God is like so your style
absolutely what do you guys think
thumbs up mom's just getting it done
looking at dresses looking at color
swatches
look at them they're two peas in a pod I
love it it makes me so happy and it's
adorable oh my god you look like a
Grecian goddess
you
do you like it I would not and what's
what's your name
Keisha - Keisha choose this this is a
combination it looks amazing everybody
you showing off those non-us so here's
an up-close look of this one if the
buttons go all the way down
now are you feeling you look beautiful
yesterday but I didn't say what do you
think I did
and show us the best part about the
dress what I know that I also look days
off because that means clean clothes
I mean there obviously is this me being
sarcastic or exaggerating other than
clean sheets especially
you are
my
so come on
oh wow I love how different all of these
arms fitting with herbal nothing but
just trying on really really well Keisha
Keisha helped me out so much she is
unbelievable girls if you're in Florida
you are getting married right here
David's Bridal yeah thank you so much
like the beginning of Independence Day
before the spaceship comes through I
gotta go to Target right now because I
think the lady possibly did the laundry
or the fluff and fold I think she lost
my underwear well guys I am off too bad
it was such a fun fun day I loved every
moment of it and it's really like
getting me so excited about the process
of doing the wedding because at first it
was a little bit nervous because it's
just so much to take on but I'm just
doing this one little step has really
made it really really just like kind of
it really made me just so happy so
excited and I can't wait and I love
trying on dresses I am NOT like the
girliest of girls so it was surprisingly
really fun for me
and I really really loved it all right
guys as you can tell today was a pretty
freaking exciting day I actually didn't
watch today's video I'm going to be
completely honest because I don't want
to watch and see what dresses out I was
trying on
anyway hope you guys enjoyed it though
and I will see her tomorrow by the way I
cut myself
stupid razors trying to cook and do some
my iron that's blood everywhere
I'll see you guys tomorrow stories ever
gonna bucks
very very coming of it I look at
