funny guys so we were in I want to say
boner Springs but it's Bonner Springs
now I know I'm so immature Frankie just
discovered this with Duncan I think this
is the puzzles Tower
so if we wait long enough she might mess
my hair down oh there we go we'll just
wait so we'll just wait here okay Wayne
here what is all this it's like many
times maybe this is where they have
Renaissance Fairs the last week you
worked or back in the day yeah those are
two stages right there please I think
Marvin Gaye played on that stage offer
it very first web tour the Bee Gees this
is gotta be a Renaissance Fair location
stunts stunts and stunts oh yeah I see
your stunt right there walrus right that
right that thing yeah you can do it
look no guns allowed but you guys
brought your guns where do I put this
you're you're screwed I can't put this
anywhere better conceal him there we go
I can seal it Kansas City
Renaissance Festival I called it when
can I help you sire
excuse me can I borrow a turkey leg
there's absolutely there's no up no
flooring in here it's like here
it was where all the freakin snakes are
like I said I like to wake up in the
morning and just go like searching for
things and this is probably one of the
coolest things I did search this is a
floor though a lot of spider webs don't
like that don't want to go in there how
hot is it though broken it's that hot
this is the only way it's keeping us out
dude yeah stay on that side I'm not
doing that I'll just get my life
it's a little too little too crazy work
it's working go back so huge news well
kind of like huge news for me I'm taking
the plunge guys and I am going to color
my hair I'm going into color my hair I
mean you know as much as I think I can
color winner I think I'm gonna get I
know I'm gonna say it wrong but Biola's
or by ol age or whatever it's called but
I'm going to get that done right now and
I am terrified a lot of you are probably
gonna think that I'm ridiculous but this
is the first time I've ever ever ever
had my hair colored ever so I hope it
turns out good I'm really freaking out
but you know what I have to embrace
change guys it's very important to
embrace change and not be fearful of
those things because you know what
whatever so here we go
okay so say goodbye say goodbye to my
natural color it's so crazy
I'm really excited so I'll be right back
I remember this venue this is where I
finished green man and this is where
those kids made this cuz this quarter
pipe and they just put some cement down
and I guess it's still here that's
actually kind of funny
hi how are you are we locked yeah we're
lost
yo Jang not even here we don't have a
super vision neither the worst sit here
dear we the Kings fans we cannot make
the signings our stuff first
well three of us can idea me tree with
only
yo Kohli and Dani you guys gonna do the
meet and greet hundred is gonna run
through it
let's go start light it lights off I
don't want to talk to you do we have
guys on the job hold on I really stopped
breathing please I think I found a way
out
all right hold on I really stopped
breathing please I think I found a way
out
 wait there was a way out there's an
escape all right
we're going out the top of the bus with
no ladder down
yeah we're gonna jump on the we the
Kingston I hope that it breaks our fault
is it actually open
I probably not it's probably those
things on the bus it's like you that's
our virgin season yeah but it doesn't
work is it open so if the word emergency
use it blood
jump go though this week I get red five
we're like James Franco right now was it
48 28 hours or whatever I mention 27 28
hours I neurons is as impressive 127 127
hours about 28 hours 48 James Franco 28
hours like nothing at 28 hours is like
just chilling he was turning his piss or
cutting off his arm you know I think he
started vomiting is
I'll take a string cheese that's a
survival kit Jalopnik jeez Charlie
cheese yours I'll show you the air down
to 56 I don't Cameron breaks oh we do uh
Pringles increases bugs we get hungry
junk I'm trying on your Yeezys there's
nothing you can do about it don't work
improve what is it what is Kevin say
from below we're American screws like
I'm eating all the blood and there's
nothing you can do about it still things
his family's hiding from them limit yo
Hunter pull it open you know use your
man strength
Oh nope I'm saying that door are we
opening oh push it push it right there
he just gets out hundreds better just
leaves us
oh my god it's just shot wait this work
this happened last time I have that yeah
you bring it out the easiest
didn't our
kate's back Danny can't get rid of Danny
though and join us with his wife try to
switch
switch light so the process has begun
guys
you nervous she took my roots which I'm
really happy about but I'm kind of like
thank you it's going to look like this
is really funny though I told you to go
psycho my financiai cats walk out like
that's what it is all about just a
little while took like maybe like 40
minutes to do all of the hair but I'm
really excited it's only about here down
and I get them doing a enticing song
million by lush so I think it's going to
turn out really well can I give you that
like bug pistol I'm very nervous so I'm
like shaky about it never colored my
hair and I'm just like nervous
it's not going to turn out the way that
I want to
the matchmaker so I can't remember
actually gotten their hair done
does this feel uncomfortable I mean it
really will be really like we're Pickers
but a little bit weird to need to be
walking around with all of this in my
hair I guess it's a boil so it's not
that bad when stepping interesting
feeling
all right so I got it done now a lot of
you are gonna be like I can't even tell
the difference but I can definitely see
the difference it's lighter and I really
really love it I'm very very happy about
that
I look like a Barbie doll mermaid I feel
like you might not be able to notice it
but it's definitely lighter um she kept
all my natural color from here up but
it's much more like a sun-kissed look
and I'm really really really I'm in love
with it and I was very nervous that it's
not going to be you're gonna go later
but then she actually told me not to do
that because she's like it's your first
time and I think that you need to get
used to it and I really loved it I'm so
happy I'm so satisfied with the way that
it looks it turned out it looks so
natural hair virgin ah so cool I'm so
excited
into the third I love demo
barely sounds like drab
this one rod man
holy crap I dropped the cam
but it good
so Kate and Danny kind of teamed up on
me oh we're teaming up
I'm not gonna lie not even mad not even
mad mad because I threw my water at them
he tried to make it look like a being so
I dumped it all over myself
I hear you and now you itch as your
barking your little head off you you
just scratch your face hi
you actually I've been gone forever and
the one thing I don't want you to do
your doing
oh yeah come on let's go sign god these
dogs get so excited
come on alright let's go outside going
hi brushes Oh God come on let's good
side get off the couch the aftermath of
Marley's excitement I like to switched
out one of our carpets and I just set
this over by the door Marley move your
tush thank you
Marley's lid on this into the water so
yeah crazy dog
tomorrow is a pretty big day for me and
for some other people in my family we
are going to do something tomorrow that
involves the wedding and I feel like
this is actually my very first official
thing that we will be doing that
actually is part of the wedding so I'm
not going to tell you exactly what it is
yet you guys will see it tomorrow but
today I got the reason why I wanted to
do my hair was I don't know about you
guys but every couple of months I kind
of get in this weird funk um weird rut
and I feel like things are too
consistent um it really creepy I don't
know it just puts me in a really awkward
mood so I usually do something kind of
drastic I either come here I get tattoo
I go do something crazy I don't know
it's just how I am it's just how I've
always been and thankfully today I did
this like my hair which I feel like
maybe if you look I'm sorry I keep
saying it but I think you guys can tell
that's just a little bit lighter they
like I said she didn't touch like from
here up it was just here but um I like I
like experiencing change I like to
experience things a little different
sometimes when I'm feeling like I'm in a
rut because I feel like it can kind of
kick me out of that rut that I'm in so
that's why I did this today and I want
to encourage you guys to not be afraid
to change things up a little bit because
you never know unless you try number one
and change is good it's sometimes so
hard to embrace but change is actually
such a good thing and it can be
overwhelming and scary but it can be so
powerful and life-changing so not that
this is like life-changing but it is
kind of powerful for me because I've
never done this before but anywho so I
was in rut but tomorrow I'm taking the
bold step of starting process of making
the wedding because ya gotta start
somewhere right guys found this little
park area that's attached to this place
in Bonner Springs
and we played here like while you were
so smudging we played here like I play
Lisa I played here like three or four
times now and I've never noticed this
park nice finding these little gems I
say this all the time but it's nice I
said this literally the beginning of the
video but it's nice is nice guys oh I
need I need some acceleration no hands
no hands and getting good at this I know
something really funny
we're not funny but just interesting or
surprising I should say for myself I
don't have my phone with me right now
I have my camera I love the squirrel ATD
well I just discovered something I did
not know existed the Agricultural Hall
of Fame didn't know that existed now I
do now you do to step aside Cooperstown
I really hope you guys are having an
awesome league tomorrow's Friday I hope
that your Friday is awesome and I'll see
you guys tomorrow for the exciting with
the peanuts gonna happen all right bye
