well are you
good morning Internet wants to go for a
little stroll in the golf cart do you
want to go let's go guys having fun
keeping I have Pokemon barley especially
you switch it eradicate sand all those
fun things my addiction is now real
hello are you
inside of the road that was thrown
that's man an officer told you last time
yeah don't you drive on the street that
main roads
none of the neighborhood growth
absolutely not okay can I Drive it home
yeah okay I can only be driven on
private property and private all public
city lives okay yeah mirrors you wanna
tag okay but don't have to get the
proper equipment on it they really
mirror the side mirrors and all that
stuff this is real life
so I'm literally driving and locating
two miles an hour
if not five at the max just driving
around my neighborhood
I literally just took my entire way of
doing anything
pisses me off and I'm doing it on just
in my neighborhood
I gotta understand like that for like
doing something like illegal or even
driving fast Jesus
I got a little emotional about that it's
my only way of going anywhere
you guys are we being very good even
though she was a BITC age I literally
had a cop go over to me as long as
you're not driving down the main road
you're fine
I know it kind of sounds dumb but see
the thing is the golf cart was like my
last bit of a little bit of independence
that I had without having people like do
things for me so anyway me being myself
I went back and look some rules up first
off I don't need to have turn signals
because it is legal in Florida to be
able to do hand signals which is what I
do so the only thing I should be able to
get and it's insured so that's a check
on that so the only thing I really need
to do on this thing is probably get some
mirrors on it and then they really have
nothing they could say about it because
it's technically street-legal then
because I have all that I have brakes
and headlights I have brake lights I
have a windshield
I have reflectors I have all those
things
I accept it's insured I'm assuming if I
just get that I continue using my hand
signals I should be okay but I don't
know I'm just genuinely upset right now
because that just really kind of sucks
because that's like I said the last bit
of independence that I can do without
having an uber or ally or a friend take
me places like this was my only way of
doing that and I'm pissed off I know it
sounds stupid I know it sounds stupid
it's and I know this sounds stupid too
but I don't know if you're ever in a
position like this I don't know it's
just I think what really pisses me off
is that I was using the turn signals and
I was driving less and literally I think
I was driving the slowest I've ever
driven on a golf cart I don't know I'm
just gonna keep looking at all these
laws and I'm probably gonna do do what
it says so I can still drive it I'm
still driving that thing and cops drive
by being constantly I'm just my
neighborhood constantly and they just
wave and just continue going by I don't
know what stick was up this lady's butt
to where she had to ruin everything
I understand safety and if I was like
swerving around
that stuff but I've simply this driving
with my two dogs just enjoying my day
off just showing the weather driving
safely just listening to music doing all
these things just chilling you know like
when people say like wasting your tax
dollars like that was an example of
wasting tax dollars in my opinion I know
everyone's got their own opinion but I'm
just telling you I feel and why this
affects me why this makes me feel this
way yours broken bro so I've been doing
some research and I called my insurance
company and I think I got to the bottom
of it so the golf carts insured and she
was really complaining about the fact
that there was no mirrors and things
like that and the car has a windshield
it's got a brake light it's got
headlights it's got a horn it needs it
needs to have a rear-view mirror and
that's what we're gonna actually gonna
go right now
and side mirrors and I think that's the
only thing and then everything else is
being registered so it'll be taken care
of when I get back by then that'll be
taken care of and hopefully this will
never ever happen again I call the
insurance company she's like I've never
heard of somebody being pulled over the
only time I ever heard of somebody being
pulled over on a golf cart was Bill
Murray wholly foreign for me
everything just looks completely like
reading another language
I suck at doing any
to do with cars I'm sure that you guys
have kind of picked up on the fact that
Charles it's kind of having a rough day
little things have been happening
exactly definitely were not anticipating
and I know he was not anticipating
dealing with today but I'm trying to get
him to calm down and realize that things
happen and we'll get past it it's just
the initial frustration always sucks but
I know that he'll get past it so I'm
gonna go back and pick him up at
autozone I had to go get some Starbucks
because you know me and I'm just gonna
try and make this day a little bit
better for him so hopefully guys keep
your fingers crossed but even I could
bring him to a few pokey stops and he'll
feel better I'll be that good of a
fiancee and I'll do that for him I need
to find Amir's
when she'll watch this we should get
what you needed so me the nearest
situation will never be an issue so
we're gonna have mirrors on your mirrors
and they actually have mirrors for
mirrors ain't going to places like
advanced autoparts are just gonna out of
first because they're very condescending
the people like they don't know what
they're talking about
perfect emojis for dogs I think I'm
gonna get one this this we go that's my
emoji face right now
oh there's poop ones actually no I wanna
get the poop ones for the dogs okay so
this is how I feel
and that's how I feel but these are
funnier
okay so we got side mirrors we got a
big-ass was that a called a rearview
mirror
the things will be decked out so there
should be any more freaking issues and
like I said they have the whole
registering thing going on right now so
when I get back and forth that'll be
taken care of there's a little bit more
upset earlier and I kind of calmed down
but kind of explaining it for those
people who don't really understand this
is my only way of going anywhere
and I know some people are like well you
can't drive a car why can you drive a
golf cart well when it comes down to it
this is my only way absolutely only way
of doing anything by myself right now
you know fingers crossed knock on wood I
don't have any more seizures and then
after like what is it for four months
four more months after four more months
cease you're free I can get my license
back and start driving and that was the
other thing you don't have to have a
license to drive it you have to be 14
years or older I've been doing my
freakin research I think I know the wall
inside and out now because of this now
the only thing that's gonna suck is held
um the things gonna look with all these
stupid mirrors or whatever if it gets
people off of that it just sucks because
like I said I was talking to lady when
she was like an officer told you and yes
an officer told me as long as I'm not on
the main road and I'm just driving in my
neighborhood that it shouldn't be an
issue she must have been bored or just
had nothing to do I don't know just
wanted to annoy being rude my frickin
day this is before rear view mirror
check the only thing now is that it's
gonna make this thing super ugly it was
super sleek and super nice looking now I
have all these stupid mirrors on it
unnecessary mirrors I should say cuz all
you gotta do is look around if you look
around just pay attention you only eat
like 42 meters my personality I was
actually no joke I was gonna buy 42
mirrors and just put them all over the
golf cart so that way there was no thing
we'll put like four and Eastside and
that was we'll put like two or three
rearview mirrors and like deck this
thing out with mirrors
see that's just like my personality you
know and I want you guys to understand I
understand safety I understand them the
need for these kind of mirrors and
things like that but I just felt like
today it was just it was just
unnecessary just really put my bad as
you can really tell and that's my only
day off too for a while I'm trying not
to let it get to me but it's giving to
me okay can I see behind me yes
so check check mother okay so
unfortunately this thing is not big
enough
oh hi guys yeah this thing's not worried
enough for the actual pole of the golf
cart so I need to find something a
little bit bigger another store they
still suck at things those mirrors came
with they were too small so I went and
found some clamps and nobody at home
people hadn't I'd be able to look
actually talking about so I went to the
fence aisle I grabbed these clamps and
I'm a little worried about it actually
scuffing the metal so I got this rubber
izing spray paint actually I'm super
proud of myself right now thinking ahead
now hopefully this is gonna work I think
he probably explained it to you earlier
today what was going on huh they know
you got pulled over by the Pope police I
don't know I said the Pope police but
the Popo
so he contacted the people that we
actually got this golf cart from who
kind of did a little updates to it to
see what he would need to do to make it
quote unquote more street-legal I mean
he's not gonna be driving it on like a
main road it's just been in the
neighborhoods but still we kind of want
to take the necessary precautions so
that hopefully this doesn't happen again
I want to actually apologize that lady
the cop probably wasn't being either a
jerk I was just really upset she's
following something following the rules
of the road but I think she should have
asked me a little bit more questions
because I had all the necessary things
except the the mirrors so I do want to
apologize
I felt I feel kind of like a jerk turn
this on you know
you have to get on the vegetable he went
to Autozone to go get the mirrors got
some ears and they don't fit around the
pole so we ended up having to create
your own little device that will hook
the mirrors onto the golf cart so you
just got about painting them with rubber
spray paint and we are trying to figure
out how to get this off of his hands
mine as well right vegetable wheel three
minutes I'm gonna graphic I do have to
say one thing though
what's that I hate going into like just
got all the parts or on his own because
that's the one place where I feel like a
freaking idiot they talked to me so like
condescendingly
screw do you need this and I'm like okay
I'm not four years old I feel like
because I'm a female they kind of
exactly what you're saying like talk
down to me and I'm not saying
specifically that place but when I had
the issue with my car where it is they
straight up said oh you need to replace
it with this and I was like well you
know something came in and looked at my
car and they suppose that I don't need
to replace that and they kind of talked
about to be like I know what I'm talking
about lady
well guess what you don't know what
you're talking about
anyways sorry there's a little ramp I
was pleased on this today we're
definitely in a funk but I'm gonna get
that much oil worst day off ever but
three two one pet dogs
alright guys so here's the deal so today
it was kind of an iffy day on me but I
just want to say thank you guys so much
for watching today's video I'm gonna go
to bed now super early to the light it's
still out there because this is this is
the earliest that I've ever ever ever
flown out I have a flight at 425 in the
morning but here's the cool thing
ally just uploaded her video so if you
go to youtube.com slash Ally West how
close here she's almost close she's like
four hundred people from forty thousand
subscribers so go check out the video
guys and subscribe if you guys haven't
already sorry it's been so long Lana
it's been crazy in the past two weeks
anyway so I will see you guys tomorrow
as always have a great night bye guys
No
