okay I'll see you in a day or two okay
we're coming back out of next break
the other ones are just like me I'm
asleep I'll be back in a couple days
okay what you're like
will you do with your leg ID I'll be
back in a day or two take care of the
girls all right love you guys I think
the sun's directly in front of us
look blind in your face
today officially marks the halfway point
I was just looking at the tour book of
Warped Tour so as of today we're halfway
through Warped Tour and thinking about
the entire stuff that we've already done
that feels like forever ago since we
started it's cool but it's a long time I
was forgetting how long warp tour is and
how hard will Chris off of it I forget
about it and every time I get back on
and I'm like oh yeah forget about that
yeah just a lot of fun I think worked
where I feel like I've been a little bit
more of a baby this year I don't go to
many barbecues or anything like that
it's just been too I think it's as I
wake up a lot earlier in this book tour
and
I think we all do we used to wake up
really late yeah he'll have a bunch of
daddies on the bus now are you thinking
about it too because it's like you think
about like the man that we used to watch
in our era and like some of them are
working now and I'm sure most that we're
doing the same thing they are you know
they're like I would rather watch TV all
the different Lauri guys you know car
guys first think of some of the other
guys on some advanced they all wake up
super early too
just because they're all in dad mode
can't freaking label that that just
makes me want to go this so bad
that's one stupid is now my airport
woods I love it here actually started
choosing not to take the train and just
walking this section I think it's only
in this section that I actually like
because everything else is just
construction I found this is actually
kind of peaceful that makes sense
you
drive and I literally are becoming a
louis c.k joke right now getting auntie
Anne and say they'd have Cinnabon got
any Ann's when we land in an airport
snowing right when you get off the plane
good girl good and Ginny's watching this
stop watching Jenny cook the organic
cinnamon it's good for ya
I know but not the other everybody else
think Brendan send them good Charlotte
please today yeah it's kind of an
interesting thing trav and I was just
talking about it on our stage alone
there are ten bands total get nine if
you don't include really Kings that
Dorian's figure out my face
seven of those bands we listen to as a
kid and now on the same stage pretty
great right and a tray use on stage next
to us Bullet For My Valentine oh my god
you're a AOL username was a armor for
sleep that's really you were all about
armor of hope oh yeah but was armored
force leave the band
yeah this is pretty sick
saying hi to the security cameras there
trough I am going to be leaving tomorrow
for turns I was loved going to watch
Charles play I loved watching the band
play I just absolutely love music I love
going to festivals I love going to rock
shows and warper to me is like you know
what am I like ultimate rock toes to go
to so I'm really really enjoy it and I'm
just looking forward to going and
hanging out with everybody first just a
few days the entire is going to be
coming home with me because they have
two days off in a row it'll be really
really nice it'll be like a little quick
vacation but I'm very much looking
forward to it little bit nervous because
I have to do work on the road one of the
biggest reasons why I'm editing right
now is the Wi-Fi situation so it is a
little bit nerve-wracking and I know
puts me on the edge of my seat but I
think it'll be fine I think it'll be
fine of course tensor so I'm just gonna
leave and go to a Star Trek's or
something like that
I told Charles that anything bad towards
the end of the tour he should let me you
know either drive them in the car to
wherever they're at or I'll rent a car
or whatever because I think it would be
a cool little thing or we at least need
to do this thing that I saw where it's
just like basically it's like where you
take your dog so I'm like a donkey
vacation so I think that would be like a
really really cool thing for us to do
now that the dogs are getting look bit
older their PI not gonna be a snow vial
a couple of years so I think it would be
really cool to bring them to the
mountains or somewhere where they can
comment explore the area I remember
specifically this venue because a couple
years ago I went to use that restroom or
that port-a-potty and there's a giant
ass pretty spider in that and it scarred
me for life
pre-show pop-tart everyday here's the
luxury of a drummer and a singer
we can't play a show without them so
they can just take their time right
that's actually kind of nice
responsibility think about it
so you're saying be being an
irreplaceable drummer his words not mine
it makes me a diva well put those words
in your mouth correctly are you causing
controversy what did I say we should go
without Danny your day and I said well
we sure we could or we could just wait
because it's not like we could play a
show without Danny or do anything this
is not true it's rich experience and
elegant life as every single scuse me
are you smelling it
I love the stage because add so much
random stuff it's a very disturbing
sound
I just wanted to warn you that for this
song it's about three minutes in 17
seconds if you will
like I said they're on here hitchhiking
for a little bit here on Warped Tour we
just got up off the stage here in
Indianapolis I'll be completely honest
I'm not feeling too good right now I
bought I think I drink too much water I
pulled a Zoe on myself right now
midway through the set I felt like I was
going to roll up all that water I'm
always yelling at Zoe for the same thing
I just did myself
what is wrong answer so because I'm
going to be leaving to go out of town
for a few days it's usually it's kind of
hard for me to work out I might go
running but I'm not gonna be able to do
like a lot of work so let me try and get
a little bit of my little in-home
workout regime done
yeah I bet it's kind of cool to see
yellow card then go see New Found Glory
and then go see some 41 and then go see
Good Charlotte all in the same day and
on the same stage it's kind of a surreal
thing and anybody take that in the fact
that we toured with Taking Back Sunday
and Simple Plan basically all these
bands like grew up listening to I
literally grew up the reason why I play
bass here's what I play music are these
bands now the only one I need to do is a
lie once I do that one that'll be the
clincher that'll be their little cherry
on top
I feel so freakin privileged I feel like
so honored to be able to do this I
always say be a dragon and it's
true guys if you want it hard enough
you're gonna get on at first but
nothing good in life is actually easy so
you know be part hear that a million
times over pants or something like that
but it's true just did a quick signing
over there at the merch table
I brought Indiana is like one of the
hardest places to do that because they
they fought on that cue into this little
life
pavilion or something I don't know it
makes it like super hard to do that kind
of stuff but I wanted to make sure to do
that cuz I try to do it every single day
otherwise I feel really bad because I
really want to say hi to you guys as you
know say thank you and just high-five
you guys and this mom
can you guys see all the fireflies
they're like little specks
holy crap look at the moon alright guys
before I end the video and go to bed I
have to catch at least one Firefly but
they're all on this other side of this
fence that I'm afraid the thing is
electrical come on there's so many of
them every time I go and turn around
there's another one behind me
yeah Lee's coming up tomorrow so I had
to think oh I caught one literally it
just blew my hands I'm not even kidding
I'm not even kidding you guys hit
waitis on it Oh does that one I actually
don't even know what I'm trying to catch
I don't know what a firefly looks like
look over there it's like a bunch of
Christmas lights hey there's a Firefly
on me they're so dumb they literally
just fly on top of me oh by the way guys
I was trying to help Frankie and scare
him I should say not help them and this
is a shock fence if you guys are
wondering just shock the crap out of
myself country I already did you have to
grab it
didn't shock you maybe thought that was
well the one at that time I'm actually
moving this Holly's gonna be here
tomorrow morning and I will see you as
tomorrow's always have a good night
bye guys
because those little things
