I'm a cat I'm a kitty cat buzz buzz buzz
buzz buzz
she's not like Marlee and Zoe lips for
sure
Mackenzie I'm up humble kiss she's like
you owe me a lot you owe me a lot for
this you're free Arica run now but don't
be a baby I'm a dog I'm a puppy dog
hey go buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz
yeah you can have it you want eat it go
hit it I hate this so it's in the 50s
again so Rica's got her sweater on she
actually just chills with it it's so
funny I actually thought she wouldn't
like it but she actually does like it
it's like every time I put Marley
in something in her sweater but you know
Marley runs and tries to get it on hey
cats doing the same thing now very
unique okay I don't care who you are
over this is pretty damn cute and one's
just hanging out you like your sweater
you wanna get your sweater on it's
getting cold
upstairs
cool man and I gotta clean this stuff up
hey you wanna help me get that out
really quick before your show I've never
done with these you shouldn't do that
don't open that this is the one I forgot
it looks like a one-dollar don't open
that right now baby who is so fun
Charles don't have you ever shot an
extinguisher no I haven't but please
don't do that Oliver yar when you have
people coming alive I wouldn't do it
here I was sent a firing I would do it
that would be even worse I do what about
the bonfire no per the usual every year
the dogs get an updated pink spiked
collar because the difference just look
at the difference of those that's crazy
you guys are filthy we get some french
fries Rika Rika took off her sweater she
got a little too warm join your new one
okay I got it
little safety stuff on that look all
fancy everybody is you get your collar
on for the first time we've decided to
stop looking at me that Rika this time
yep so we've decided psyche looking that
it's time for a Rika to start wearing a
collar that way if she starts getting a
little I guess adventurous people know
that she's not a feral cat and that she
actually you know has a microchip
actually she doesn't have a microchip
yet so Rika don't run away it or
wherever I'm gonna genuinely be upset
once the heat comes back kind of weather
like this makes you want to move up
north however I know that I would never
get like sixty something degrees up
north and be super comfortable because
it's always like negative 40 degrees on
that's exaggeration but like super cold
which by the way I know we've said that
we're gonna try to do another or January
trip before the tour starts like kicking
off so we've actually been looking at
like a bunch of like I guess there are
air B&B eaves and stuff so that way we
can actually plan it a little bit better
than just waking up and going it
scatters in love of Marley you're so
good with her hey so where you guys
going to your mom's house and we're
gonna party like thank you 60 to where
we go we're doing so good girls night
girls night so the girls are having a
girls night and I'm having a clean oh
there's a cat who are you
great now Rica is like bringing all
these cats around yeah she's got a lot
of boyfriends now I'm trying to get a
lot of suitors I should say Zach's
working and Ryan's with his mom so
you're okay all right get the hell out
of here so here we are on our way to
Orlando and typical ask to ask traffic
but we're going to go see Cirque de
Soleil the new bad for Lexi's birthday
so we're having like a girls night out
Sony which is very nice
it'll be like our last girls night
before the end of the year so dramatic
philosophers that Cirque de Soleil I was
like 21 9 20 it's so much fun are you
super excited and it's 65 degrees see if
you guys don't believe us believe that's
true
it happened believe us ok this is real
so that means that we can actually wear
beanies and jackets and scarves and 9
layers and not totally be looked at like
we're crazy though
I mean people are so gonna look at us
like we're crazy but it's chilly down
here ok it's chilly for some reason or
another I realized that I don't use
upstairs during often like the game room
mainly because it's usually so hot but
because everything's been really cold
look at you go you gonna come up though
but now that it's like so cold out the
upstairs actually gets colder than
downstairs but what I was doing is I was
getting everything cuz I've been playing
call of duty
she must have missed me so much did you
miss me already
because the cat out there we have a
boyfriend
apparently it's right on the other side
of this door oh why are you doing it was
sitting right there yes
there's a cat writable yeah there's a
cat breaking in there trying to get to
Rica
like do I feed it do I give it water
like I feel like if I start doing that
like we're just gonna literally become
the crazy cat people yeah I don't really
want to do that but you can see if I had
to call her though see you later
I don't think it has a caller hey what's
your name what's your name fuzzball No
okay that was not expecting this who's
not expecting you to be nice like that
we are not having another cat however I
feel guilty so I'm gonna try to get them
very little food some water but I feel
like if I do that we're gonna cause an
issue but I also feel really guilty so
you know what's really want to do it
just a little bit so I'm gonna put it
down at the end of the street that way
it doesn't necessarily keep going to art
door are you hungry
can't pick you up where I pick you up
come on
okay are you telling other cats to come
over that's not too cool trying to have
a party I did feed it and I know that's
a horrible thing to do but it's just
felt so bad when it was done it was like
Paul and act like Marley does with her
bowl obviously it's very hungry I went
over to neighbors you know over there
awesome neighbors and I was like hey do
you know who this cat belongs to and I
had they were like I think I know and I
was so excited because they thought it
was the cat named Snickers and then Elsa
came over and looked at it and she was
like nope not Snickers like what you
want a cat so what I ended up doing was
I had else to come and check it out like
I said and then I looked over at our
neighbors I was like what's yours now
and I jumped over the fence but she's I
think she's or he I don't know what that
is we're here you think it's over here
let's see to the right to the right so
we our bags
I don't know I'm nice it's just for one
night sure even say we don't even know
we're not really sure what we're doing I
lied to you guys we have one more
Christmas tomorrow yes I've never had
this been Christmases in my entire life
in one sitting
like when they open they go like slow
they're not like real quick please feel
like it's like summer than like normal
when you see them open up yes well it
looks like we got another cat but that
one's staying outside and I'm not gonna
feed it anymore I've learned I left
water out though I'm gonna give them
water water is a different thing than
food and what's funny is that never
happened until we got that little thing
and I don't think though that they can
smell that from the house
can they yeah I don't know sure I mean
Rico doesn't go outside unless she's in
my hand looks like we got an outdoor cat
okay this is all you're getting okay
buddy and then that's it and then you
got to go scurry and find your home see
what's cool is our neighborhood has one
of those like bulletin board it's like
an email server or something like that
so I'm gonna post a photo with this
thing and hopefully somebody finds it
because I don't I don't want to know
they can't I don't I don't I don't but
at the same time I'm not going to
abandon it because I'm not the type of
person I will take care of it outside so
I don't know anyone want a cat what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna call pet pal
remember the thing we did with the whole
staples and that whole charity thing
with the animal shelter I'm gonna take
that cat to pet pal as soon as I hear
back from Gracie using my brain cuz you
know that it's got that hole there until
somebody adopts the thanks kinda want to
take it to a pounder animal shelter or
something like that using my brain right
now if it sticks around for another day
maybe I can save the cat a little bit I
find its home I don't know I feel really
bad I honestly do it's not so much like
it's just animals I feel bad about
animals you know I don't like that it
just really bothers me which is why we
have such control over Rica and that we
are very obsessed with keeping her
inside and just focused on us like I
know everyone gets mad at us for
saying treat her like a dog but I mean
just like getting them mentality of
coming when we call and like sitting
like she sits now she's high-fiving a
little bit she might be high-fiving
because she's pissed but it looks like
she's high-fiving whatever so I heard
you guys loud and clear when I ride my
bike from my old skateboarding helmet
safety first took me a while to figure
that out but there's a first safety last
I come out and our neighbor's wife and
little girl goes we have the cat so I
don't know maybe they'll take her
apparently it's a girl I feel a little
bit better about that how you guys doing
back there go for a little bike ride
that put back in there Marv yeah I got a
stop
because you're stupid foots out I think
I got to make a little modifications
this thing
that makes me sad I think we super sad
Melissa and I are enjoying our Thwaites
going on with this two line through it
oh oh we are enjoying delicious
margaritas too late
girls are waiting on their drinks are
not sure what they want but we figured
mood in the new year right with some
left Rona oh is out the door for you
today so I'm probably what I'm trying to
do is drive around the area and see if
there's any like posters like they're
kind of like that that might have
something about the missing cat
I like how today kind of just was all
about becoming a surrogate parent for
another cat my goal is to find it a nice
home I will not rest think that one day
when we found that one dog and I went
from neighbor to neighbor like with it
really is this your dog
you got actually reminded me of that
episode of Portlandia I hope you guys
know what you want to talk about what do
you think of it Kate
what do you think what do you think so
beautiful there was like this beautiful
angel there and he was hot he was great
not hot honey I love you
it's the end of 2017 this is technically
officially last video because today's
video 31st will go on the first you get
it you see what I'm saying before I say
good night just want to say thank you
guys for such an amazing year there's so
many cool things I wish I had time to
make like a montage of some of the
coolest things just honestly I mean
there's 365 days on awesomeness I just
have to say thank you from the bottom of
my heart for such an amazing year and
for being able to do this for the 9th
going on I think it's the tenth year I
can ever remember
okay 2005 just some quick math I guess
it would be going on the ninth year it
is that right
I don't even remember it kind of just
blurs together but anyway thank you guys
so much for 2017 being awesome I'm
probably gonna say the same thing
tomorrow because that'll be the last
time I say 2017 but anyway before I go
to bed just want to say thank you to a
couple CTFxC plus patreon people first
one Jessica Bueller akj Bueller photo
Sarah hope I think it's Sarah up Sarah
oh if I said it wrong I'm so sorry Kyle
and Tapley it was just kind of funny I
thought as a pilot rippy last one is
Megan riled music I think Israel music I
really bad okay so Megan right here on
the screen so thank you guys don't
forget to check out the patreon and
we'll see you guys in 2018 actually I'll
see you guys tomorrow I have a good
night bye guys
