good morning guys home oh that's the
real world calling me probably really it
actually is Duncan we get back to that
world by tomorrow but for now boys it'll
be about medication a time to perfectly
come on guys Stoller's Elkhart I moved
my pharmacy so now if you drive my golf
cart there oh it's a full charge we're
good it doesn't need to be charged as
long as this off come on Zoe what he's
gonna go curried was go for a golf cart
he wants gone we won myself
see ya silly let's go good job you as a
bad spot to be come on hop up come on
I missed that death stare that she gives
me well do you think she's thinking
about her neck like should I listen
should I not what happens if I just
stand here like a statue
let's go hey imma leave it I'm gonna
leave you 300 vs. see ya
tell me fun without you
that one line but yes it down yes it
down dude I know and I just used to like
these type of things
although I do feel like very appropriate
right now that I'm waiting in line at a
pharmacy to get my prescriptions and a
golf
I feel like that's the exact situation a
golf cart other than playing golf is
used for
they're good pick up for trippy they
don't have it
got your 20 bucks
that wasn't sharing
be sure it should be like Europe
I've never any paper
like
what's up now is that I have to have
that like that leave in the morning so
zowie you owe me 20 bucks that whole
situation the line indicating they were
trying to charge me over $500 for that
stuff completely wrong and I just wasted
my entire time hate prescriptions
so I just spent an hour and a half of my
day off negotiating with my shitty ass
insurance company because they raised
the price apparently love was gone in
July first
the sucks how does it be completely
honest
she had sucks deeply bleep some
crazy here going on it's like it's like
it like flattened it by another burden
is like doing this funk in the
Fraunhofer flattened on the frontier
pardon the i let the window down
value at the air oh that's gross aren't
you happy you came home to that I don't
have sandwiches on the bus yeah but
insurance paid for most of that right
but yeah I was literally on the phone
with them and they're like oh yeah we
raised the prices so I'm like really how
much is it now and they told me I was
like dude they would like contact you
guys yeah and I was like are you kidding
no wonder people are smoking weed and
that's all this right there kind of
crazy that's right
first they gave me I don't know what
happened they gave me three months so
they gave me like four hundred pills at
once so the price was like a thousand
dollars or a couple thousand dollars I
was like um what like I don't know why
they gave me instead of like one month
of pills they gave me three months at
once it was really odd I've never had
that happen there before you show this
they're Japanese imports of somewhere
somehow and strangelove thought that was
kind of funny one rate that
this was beyond the blue tour this is
actually was a 2014 the tiny little talk
over that tiny Japanese tour that was
this tour where I ate all that weird
food
de narc
yeah sometimes like gonna get ha I gotta
get at her to get around good I'm trying
to get her to get up there but it didn't
work because as amazingly if they
thought it was failed it to Lisa tried
so I'm very happy obviously the Charles
is home I was not expecting that
whatsoever I was kind of like in a daze
last night and uh if that's my reaction
to somebody breaking in that it's not
really good at all
but I was not expecting that whatsoever
it's not exactly and I'm very happy that
he is home for 24 hours and I'm gonna be
out there though in the next couple of
days so I'm very excited to go see
everybody and to see the band and just
kind of have a little bit case so very
excited uh-huh I love that word amazing
awesome excited very simple words but
they're like so I'm quiet most
frequently-used favorite words in the
English dictionary I love them
stupendous
incredible how does too what about those
I like them I had like a really funky
day yesterday and I was kind of out of
it
that's why I didn't film and I feel like
my weirdness is just kind of flowing
into the statement hey food away
because those little things these little
I can't help it it's these things on my
teeth they just gathered food hey at
least I'm like not afraid to admit it
like I feel like most people are like
really embarrassed about having food in
their teeth today minds are I was just
like excited least I thought it's a bad
thing about these things they gather
everything that bro we're gonna go pick
up B so I can see him before I leave
when I leave tomorrow
you leave Wednesday when I say hi to
those ducks
those weird Pokemon the weird Pokemon be
nice to that Pokemon so you gotta catch
them all no leave that Pokemon alone
it's the running of the Ducks who are
you guys going what are you doing you
old dummy I freakin love it ally and I
was just walking around the park and we
could totally tell I don't know if you
guys have been noticing you know that
Pokemon goat-like craze you could
totally tell who's been playing it or
who plays it like when they're walking
around we were just walking around there
was a couple playing and there was these
two kids and there was a group of kids
that's driving around like you could
tell specifically what they're doing you
think they're facetiming but they're not
I walked towards the funniest part who's
playing Pokemon go
you get planet I get $100 if I don't
play it by the end of the year by Danny
I'm resisting the reason is because he
used to make fun of me all the time
because he knew like how addicted I was
that Simpson tapped-out game so I've
been dragging him up because of this
game so he's like if you go the entire
year or rest of the year I should say
they'll give you a hundred bucks are you
enjoying your day being lazy being lazy
it's okay you're allowed to be like in
the couch the glue to miss Nexus I don't
know I was just like joking around with
them and I kind of like pulled his pants
down a little bit and he has a huge
bruise on his body from when he tripped
over that like tree stump the other day
if you guys don't watch it blink Danny
so as you can see turns really enjoy his
day off what are you doing in here all
by your lonesome he's just been kind of
like laying low and chilling out really
taking advantage of the cows and being
at home right now because obviously you
guys know if he has to leave really
really early tomorrow to go back on tour
cool thing is that I am going to be
joining him I'm swore in the next couple
of days so I'm super excited about that
I'm kind of sad that I missed Monica and
Elliott because I haven't actually
really been able to hang out much or see
Elliott yeah so really is something I
would be able to do that but they didn't
work out all right now it's completely
fine
you follow me everywhere can you say
hello
what does that look so mean they don't
like you like this this is the cat that
he's obsessed with this is your little
your little baby or you hold on to your
baby that's the one thing he doesn't
actually rip up for some weird reason
have you just kind of does that like
plea bites it not get it I don't get you
bud you're such a weirdo yeah he's
making a giant Reese's Cup right now and
she got me some pizza so I'm gonna go
enjoy that
we all be trying to because if you look
at my refrigerator I've been so healthy
I know it's all healthy stuff in the
fridge and then I come home and it's
just
yeah there's fruits sprouts and all this
fun stuff it's a good it's a nice little
vacation for vacation I guess she's been
using from a work vacation hope you
enjoyed today's video
honestly it was amazing just to come
home and just kind of just chill kind of
do nothing it's it's hectic work core is
very very very freaking hectic I love it
to death but it becomes kind of like one
of these things where just everyday just
kind of gets it's not tiresome but it
just becomes stressful on your body you
know today I was like I barely could
when I woke up this morning I could
barely move my legs were really really
stiff my back was stiff so it was kind
of nice to just kind of hang out with
Ali and the girls and the dude hope you
enjoyed today's video and right back
tour tomorrow I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always
oh and Ali's coming out with up with the
20th Wednesday so she she's gonna be on
the grind next so I will see you guys
tomorrow as always never gonna buy us
alone
