Hey say good morning yeah say good
morning say good morning all right I'm
going outside to Elliot say good morning
Trev
hi today's a fun day because we're in
New Jersey and home Dale and here's
another fun thing I actually booked a
flight home yeah he has no idea somewhat
surprised her go home a little girl but
this way
is there monsters no monsters in there
no monsters no no monsters we all good
now we're safe
1 2 3 won't play with this Charlie does
it okay not one to rubbing there we go
pika do you say hello look at this kids
it loves this Kelly loves the video Zoe
Marley over simulation over good as
you
that's new buddy what seems
and then you can turn it around you can
show your mommy and daddy now
this way buddy let me get some your
mom's daddy yeah that's why we Betty see
daddy cheese
adidas if you're watching I love you I I
think Duncan is the number one fan
I'd like the Verizon guy you used to be
Nike yes playing family feud right now
Chris is this your first time playing
yeah I don't think Chris paying
attention we love Chris guys pretty
wasn't you were making fun of Chris when
the cameras off he does the same thing
that's the truth that we actually really
love Australia
we're just jealous we're not they're
just doing my daily wander and I just
had to show you guys so freaking
beautiful here kind of one just
adventure off but I'll get there get
really good at doing this one-handed by
the way and I could do the horn weight
screwed up my horn
one-handed at all
last time we were here two years ago
they had the setup of the tightrope
walking and they taught me how to do
that and I kept falling
but this back you look at this black
thing it's better to look right here
can you control this top any control
this control you
don't
yeah
that's me
every hard
there goes get this boy a vacuum cleaner
we borrow you sign this is a vacuum a
little bit get all the balls did I go
did you go games rigged it's so red oh
well Charles is out about meeting fans
and such I I've decided to answer his
FaceTime call from his beautiful fiancee
oh thank you and you know we're just
we're chatting it up just hanging out
Charles doesn't know though so there's
black sheets pregnancy this footage
oh hey we said not to mow it - like it
can't be too low yeah we have to have
some carpet so as Charles is personal
representative I will tell him that you
called and collectively we all love you
and we will see you in two days three
days four days on your screen and my
screen oh wait hold on I got you there
there wait for it wait for it
hold on that it's there you are I used
to your what I vlogged know I do I do I
I put nine up yesterday everybody comes
to the meet and greets and they say
they're like Danny I love your blog
Charles I've been watching you for eight
nine seven 65 years whatever and then
they're like Travis I love your vlogs
but you never blog and I'm like yeah he
doesn't watch Sherlock
hey you flash the camera sorry Elliot
just flash the camera so things are
getting a little spicy up in here all
right we'll focus on your driving
we love you ready for the show Elliot
because you can totally hear me right
now
right buddy you ready yeah
all right guys I don't think we'll be
able to do it today
they're gonna find us there really
really straight
Elliot did you do well how would you
tell dude pink your lights crowd that's
what we're noticing about Elliot
earlier Ali has no idea but I clip the
plate home right now two days off
surprise Ali tonight see that Joel over
here is helping me get home quicker so I
can surprise Ali there other than having
to take a random Bluebird because
because I actually get the film our
little adventure getting on the
interstate which was kind of interesting
it was like one of those things where
they blocked us in and I was like
there's rope
it was like tracks so we just like
bolted for the interstate and we
actually got on anyway so I'm going to
the Oracle International Airport right
now instead of LaGuardia because I can
get on a plane quicker without missing
it and then get home
without al even knowing so you got to
think this guy for driving me there and
making sure this actually happens this
operation surprise Ali she probably
knows and then try not to snapchat or do
anything I put her early she's like what
are you doing I'm like and she's playing
that way it's kind of like making things
like them all doing everything but
getting on a plane
well home now the tricky part is to
actually get the subscribe renounced
isalud I share an uber account and she
desertification so when I get a bigger
ride or she gets a ride so I had to like
tell her that we went to a movie again
another mandate and that I'm thinking it
over back to the bus so hopefully that
kind of keeps
the suspicion low that means my dude
what I do there
hi hi hi hi babies yo could you come
here - what are you doing
surprise surprise surprise Elliot really
likes you
uhm tell you story Elliot really likes
your dancing he thought you were a good
dancer you thought you were good well
guys it worked I successfully surprised
Ally or scared her or what everyone say
Zoe that you happy
marlis over barley I'm home the
jellyfish is happy everyone's happy
it was a long flight I have to say it's
gonna be nice to be nice so that I have
a day off at actually house I was just
taking a shower having actual running
water cuz I don't know if I ever
explained showers in the bus really
quick for a good night you what you have
to do is to call the military shower so
you get water on you you rinse off you
reach yourself you turn the water off
then you lather up then you rinse it off
and that's it that's a shower yet so to
have it it's probably good for the water
in all that environment but if you can't
I'm worked where you can I get clean
everyone's hanging out anyway guys hope
you enjoyed today's video and tomorrow
is gonna be a great day off day off day
off day yeah hey guys
