good morning Internet Frankie and Doug
and I have a little scooter gang going
on after leaving me you didn't if they
give you about good morning Internet
afternoon Internet don't you stare at us
so we're on our way finally to the river
what kind what kind of springs and this
is actually a dozen since we're out
enough to get something real it's Maddy
and we're gonna go to being kayaking
something when I'm sure we had to make a
pit stop at chick-fil-a I don't know
weird this morning so going through the
forest I can't so Gretel right now
trying to find the stage what's this
build it now after cleaning all that I
remember this venue I remember how much
I hated this venue because it's so hard
to get in and get out of
Oh
so we made it and we actually made it
like just in time because it's the lady
at the front was saying that like six
more slots and then they were shining
down the park for overcrowding but
Cecile is driving down we're kind of
worried that's the seals not gonna be
able to get in so we're hoping that some
people leave which it looks like it like
flirty packing so everyone go home get
out car that's fun so right down there
is where the spring is actually at oh my
god no that's what you're buying
I think's huge it's creepy it's bringing
back terrible memories of Hawaii it's
breaking me out oh this is actually
really crazy and whatever you watch
yourself I never knew this existed I
mean I know I've seen his Frankie Lister
but I never realized that they had this
spot kind of like out in the middle of
Orlando
five bucks I don't know we're still
walking it looks like we're about to do
a little nicer
my bucks see this is one of those
moments fake gotta give it a Frankie you
didn't turn off the camera I'm literally
I'm crying right now laughs and so if
I'm completely out of food right now so
I decided to go to a Walmart stop by
myself
and halfway through the ride but I never
had my wallet in my pants anymore
because I never need to I realized I
didn't have my heart but luckily they
had that whole app of a system and I
kind of looked out oh and on top of that
just my freaking love this is the actual
walnut one of those Walmart singles once
I don't even have food so don't think
I'm like doubly screwed
I forgot this shows I want to let tough
ones because I have no internet there's
nothing to do there is that mall which
I'm gonna definitely do later and some
freaking delivery right there so
apparently there's this sorry it's this
different F always cracks me up there
Frankie and still there but there's
apparently this this photo going around
that there's a hidden iPhone in this
photo I don't believe it I think it's
kind of big
can you find it you know it's funny is
when I see these pictures I always feel
like this is a hidden video and so I'm
gonna come on Christy your American
accent with some super English thing to
say
American thank you a prize a shake
just go would you like a super-sized
every time Frankie does that voice it
reminds you of that boy have kids like
the key and peele episodes it sound like
key and Peele
sunspot really clang on this kind of
Hill sundown I know
this hill got my swing what we're gonna
do is play it a little bit then go in
because apparently it's like 60 degrees
year-round which the swings are but I
want to kind of give myself a little
warm before I jump to the prison but
we're gonna wait for us to see on I
think we're gonna rent kayaks and or
maybe canoes so we all just went into
spring and it was a rethink old but it
was like really refreshing in a weird
way and Maddie just brought up yes
Maddie are a little wealth of fun
knowledge you know she just told us that
um the brain-eating of bacteria is back
but we're in luck because that's not
going to be swimming in this spring
because it's too cold so I'm kind of
making a joke out of the situation my
guys really be careful in wet Lakes not
an appalling
and like hot water does it be careful
better take that but hey we're
everything is okay over here
what are you doing
he's giving a condom to everybody leaves
and say have a good night
the gaps
the bone
so unfortunately we just have like a
little mishap and Cecile's Keys got left
on her card all right now we're gonna
call a locksmiths get that handled and
then look is it July let's got a little
like girl jacket on and she's gonna go
with us on a canoe but first we got to
get the keys it's pretty bad the Kings
are making a bunch of now I want to go
go yacht on two googly eyes
amazing
that looks like a rancher guard
for you and all your you guys know where
the mall is gonna go yeah can I go this
way
that helped faster I think it's what
that roads the the main road right so
you follow that up so we just did a
three hour signing and now we wanted to
look at the ball just to see what we can
find and just get away from all the dust
don't lie to them what it was oh no
that's true we wanted just to leave
company and be like normal for a second
yeah shake some Pokemon big Collins
that's the way to do it if you keep
poking money Oh
Nathan there
everyone's just messing around alligator
which is kind of cool and everyone was
heading back us we're heading out so
that's like a good so we adopted this
little like police fell upon this I
guess have been pounded a little while
ago but we just had to stop and grab a
few beers Pokemon him and it's like a
store it's about a coach or like a nurse
or something or something like sorry I'm
found it you found them all hey I found
it I'm in here he found them all I gotta
catch them all yeah hey if you don't
know he's so I'm not a bad friend I told
Jake the right way so we had to make it
back to the dock by 8:00 and we did but
now we're gonna wait for triple-a more
like the only ones here in the park
we're just a little bit spooky I'm not
really sure people kind of freaking me
out a little bit he's teaching his son
how to hit on women in a state park
he's like Collin and I split up in
traffic Danny mistake number one she's
been trying to find them
for the last ten minutes oh there it is
we would have just kept going straight
there gone
you gave up bunch of quitters this is a
new band for Warped Tour guys apparently
on a poky stop it's called totally metal
get it cuz they're metal turn your left
right behind you yeah like great where
I'm not talking to you do you see that
guy looking at you you see those people
looking at you like I really like big
gust of wind even though I had all the
doors shut and one of the doors just
like slam shut and we screamed we are
really alone waiting for a couple like
there's no life it's boss this room is
really freaking out so as you guys can
tell we've been on pretty much a mandate
all day Trev is over there buying the
tickets there's Danny Colin and Jake are
over there finishing up their food we're
gonna go watch finding Dory together no
hard for ya right and Rambo watch Rambo
again yeah definitely not watching
finding dory
girlfriends yeah nope
we're gonna watch no more pokemons we're
finding Jory today we're gonna watch
diehard what are you talking about
I guess jigs already at the world
alright guys our mandate is now done I'm
gonna go to bed I'm gonna headed this
right now and set it off the alley hope
you guys enjoyed today's video and I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
