so I am currently on my way to the back
with Zoey because she
weird thing them have been last night so
furniture
good morning in her head so I just woke
up on mood of just freaking clue
I walked out on the bus and I was just
like can't do it anymore
I'll show you guys waited over here the
junk book
nice and organized that is
you're documented least I can invite
myself about how nice it was in one way
Zoey is a little bit nervous right now
like really early this morning I woke up
and I've been laying the docs sleep on
the bed
which I probably shouldn't be doing but
I've been letting them sleep on the bed
and the bed so and she's just laying in
it so I'm gonna go get that checked out
okay you okay girl it's okay it's okay
she's very nervous
yeah hunter held it lay it the entire
time he was gonna press and all you
think that hurt
Billy
hello flash paper so it's Frankie
are you impressed I was very impressed
Frankie just help me out with that now
he's working on this teamwork there
Frankie
teamwork everyone's teamwork Kate
teamwork Danny teamwork keep your feet
off there we go keyword class room
Duncan's got the freakin gloves on and
everything powder
so there's actually like a knit like
decent somewhere look at that that's so
genius
guys remember the first day when we
entered the bus
get it out slowly
in there Frankie helped
nice the back is too
and they're watching golf personally
emerge watching under watching
commercials and that we can live in a
non filth literally behind the scenes
very luxurious nice trailer
let's see this well there's a shade I
see it it's beautiful buddy thanks man I
totally wanted to do this only gonna
show you a glimpse here have to watch
Danny's video for the rest of this
oh no you gotta work let her work you
see the think booth just watched a nice
video his hairs purple and everything
good great day Chrissy next how long
does it take to do your hair we just
wake up like that well
now
so cabbage from a date for it isn't
gonna be good at a wedding so Travis
going to actually sing vocals like a
bird sings so he's practicing right now
got it the sir singing like check
yesterday in the middle of it so I ended
up having to take Zoey to the vet today
cuz I've been laying the dog sleep on
the bed and right where so we was laying
there was a huge wet spot and it went
all the way through down to the bottom
of the bed and I touched her bottom and
her bottom was all wet and I lifted up
and I it smelled like pee but it didn't
smell like pee like it was I couldn't
really explain the smell that was going
on it was very very bizarre it was very
very weird so I got a little bit nervous
because last night she was acting a
little weird and she went into the
shower and laid there for a few hours
kind of away from everybody so I didn't
know if something bad was going on so I
ended up taking her to the vet hoping
that it wasn't anything severe which
thank God it wasn't anything severe she
is basically how do I explain this
going through doggy menopause in a weird
way once dogs get their reproductive
organs removed as they get older their
body can really experience those changes
and female dogs in particular really go
through a big change so her sphincter
muscles in her girly area I should say
are not there they loosen up so I don't
want to get too much into details about
it but basically she has to go into some
like doggy medication that's gonna
prevent that from happening come out for
long it's totally natural totally normal
but she's gonna B's just like I just had
a flashback
very bad flashback of going down this
hill on that penny board and busting
right by that stop sign bad memories he
cracks me up
actually be really funny that's real
well I am on my way to Orlando to
actually go spend the night with Devin
and then we're gonna go to the river
tomorrow
so Zoey and Marley are gonna be hanging
out with Melissa tonight and diesel went
to stay with my mom we just kind of
decided to have a like really impromptu
trip to a river that's really local to
her house very good there buddy please
let's go chase might just die welcome
back I do that once but that is
like ever if you ever want to drink in
your of age never ever drink that stuff
it's perfect for hangovers and you just
want to skip work the next day drink
that stuff
so is that why you're drinking it right
now and trying to book Ally's light so
she get out here I think she's coming
out very soon a lot of credit to travel
agents this is
today's kind of a crazy day testable Zoe
thing I think really threw Charles off I
wanted to make sure that he was aware
what was going on
I know it kind of like got him really
freaked out he thought I might fly home
when it actually was something really
minor and really really really simple
nothing to worry about
and she's doing amazingly
and I know that when I told him he was
so terrified you know and I think that
that's one of the downfalls being on
tourists you can't always be there when
bad things happen can't always be there
when you want to and so it's a little
bit frightening and it's really hard and
I know it's so hard on him you know we
kind of actually we were chatting about
it kind of going back and forth about
what was going on so we and I could just
tell the strain and his voice and no
matter how many times I say she's
perfectly fine and I would never leave
her if she wasn't perfectly fine I don't
think that it resonated with him and I
mean he knows I wouldn't leave her if
she was a fight but I don't think it
really resonated with him that she's
okay because he can't be here to hug her
and see her and make sure that she
actually is okay so it was one of those
really crazy days where you really start
to think about everything Charles knows
that I would never ever leave so we and
I would never put her in a bad position
I would never leave her if there was
something wrong but he gets so worried
sometimes where he goes into utter panic
mode because he's not
do anything but it's the only doubtful I
think of toward or one of the little
minor downfalls of Tor is that you are
so far away and you just necessarily not
necessarily I should say can't just get
up and leave but I talked to him and
he's doing a little bit better and he's
filled but better he was pretty
emotional about it because I would be
the same way like if I couldn't get to
diesel and something happened to him and
I was freaking out I would want to get
to him right away
so I totally empathize with how he was
feeling
right there
this is actually the closest the
barbecue has ever been to us we got a
little festive with our life today to
one of the celebrate Frankie's got one
kind of computer break
it's a it's a touchscreen one if I have
everything to do is when he's doing
something on this computer let's go
enhance enhance enhance photos crotch
really all last night he was doing that
enhance zoomify simplify right D
simplified zoomify over those eyes not
to re-edit the whole thing enjoying life
not working right now no I'm working
tonight
you bring that out again I'm just going
to I'm sorry
Frankie she works way to our alright
guys look at the freakin sky that's
actually kind of nice
I'm gonna go back to the bunk right now
and watch a movie and kind of pass out
hope you enjoyed today's video I will
see you guys tomorrow always guys
