no this is how you jumped me grow
watch this one
so after the Frankie drum solo I just
had to show you guys we are at my
favorite place in the world
I walked or at least Darien Lake so
assuming this rain kind of blows over
goes riding a moose we will be back here
riding some roller coasters amend that
loop-d-loop ones watch everyone so
excited it comes that way into that
weather remember last time we were two
years ago j-pal was set up right there
and we had that long meet we going right
up the hill and everyone was sliding
down the mud agree down there
and I refused to leave until I met every
single one of you guys and we did it all
stuck it out through the rain and the
mud frickin blew my mind
nga vows line that's where I think j-val
was like wow you guys have some crazy
fans so we have an official signing
today so I'm just kind of like didn't
say Simon walking around trying to meet
as many people as possible broke it off
Dickies black socks and sandals
so without him you are all died by
kangaroo hands on your tuning I found it
too
there I think it's a - now that's better
that's better
is that a concealed weapon now oh my god
so before we get to do all that we have
to do all this not only a half - but we
get to does that definitely not work I
don't consider work
that's
Jake you gonna get one too what you
gonna get a tattoo
do this here you're so hot so hot right
now you know that snack so hot right now
the show was awesome I found out I was
talking to Jake I think I might have
shin splints because with my balance
I've never quite got like full control
over my left side of my body I have to
obviously have the control of my body
like I'm not as strong obviously as they
used to be yet so I naturally jump on my
right foot when I think over time doing
that of the shows because the stages
aren't very soft I think I had shin
splints on my freakin right foot are my
fright right am i right shin
it sucks it hurts so bad I'd rather have
a twisted ankle right now so I was gonna
be a tricycle with Kate and Danny but
then Ben showed up so now we are a quad
pod or a go-kart if you will
we're quad pod but the thing is Ben's
got that tramp stamp so he's not my baby
yeah you wear that tramp stamp yeah
you guys are cultural phenomenon right
now crazy that freaking roller coaster
is how you do dudes back and forth I see
what's called the mind erasers oh yeah
these dorks are playing Pokemon go oh
you guys done flicking that ball no
texting
boo pokeballs eggs is what I texted her
look I think I said this in the video if
I don't download that app I get a
hundred bucks by the 7th December 31st
hey what if Ali downloads it then
there's gonna be 10 times on it for you
not to get it she's gonna walk go on
cookie so she doesn't get to wait within
3 pounds
age within 2 years birth within 2 months
I actually paid her another five the ego
boost 180 we didn't let how many pounds
I got stuff
oh wow
yeah yeah he's not as dense as he looks
so we're gonna do the Giant Swing and
because the winds are higher all three
of us have to go down and we can't bring
the camera with us so Kate is over there
filming for us
Jenny pull the ripcord I started having
a conversation if there was to get to
the top I forgot I'm supposed to pull
the ripcord go out was fun
he gave us a photo and everything
well by the way I got the pen to the
ELMO ventures you guys better candidate
my girls are totally not Jess how much I
owe
Justin no Danny has brought in Elena
go for it snacks sorry I'm tilting canal
I'm so bad
it's pitching kind of high
one more until we start throwing up I
remember this one this was a good one
right off the back
becoming one of my favorite things to do
on the warp tour now is just go to watch
the yellow card and hang out with
everybody out of all this - out of all
tours hey how's it going good
hey drive safe
I will don't worry about it what I was
saying was that this turret tour is
probably the hardest tour because I'm
away from Ali and the family's so much
in puppies that makes it a little bit
better that goofballs like that made me
feel like Spears but it's kind of nice
to go watch the yellow card and listen
to play that song because it really kind
of reminds me of Ali so much I mean
obviously I love touring that love
playing music but it definitely has its
downsides and I know if I ever stopped
doing it how he would kick my
as for not doing it anymore because she
would never allow that to happen and
that's why I love her so much she's so
supportive and she's so even those times
were nothing like I would but even those
times where I feel like I can't anymore
I'll be completely honest I mean all the
traveling there's a lot of stress you
get to that moment in your life were you
like do I want to do this anymore you
know cuz you're away from the person you
love so much
you away from all your friends your
comfort zone your house all those things
then you have that support system and
she's my support system as well you guys
obviously this is kind of a rant but
what I was trying to say that it's kind
of nice to go and watch there's a couple
of those songs
just get that reminder on how much I
miss her and how much I love her and how
much this wouldn't be possible without
you guys because another little fun
story I played in a band called suspense
thriller you guys already knew that and
we played in a place called the
Monterrey deli in Sarasota Florida and
we played with a band called yellow card
and 2001 I think it was so it is a
complete find explosion to share the
stage to be friends with all the guys go
hang out with them all the time and just
listen to these songs and add new
meaning to all these songs and have new
attachments that I get goosebumps I have
goosebumps right now because
life is crazy I'm II don't know where
you can end up I guess is what I'm
trying to say being on the wolf tour
being in a band with all my friends and
loving it get to travel the world could
play in front of thousands of people a
day it's a dream come true I think one
of my most memorable moments and this
kind of ties into that whole
conversation I was just having was when
they played at the Buffalo Sabres
Stadium with Demi Lovato pink Fall Out
Boy and all those bands and then like
that we played with them on the same
stage there's like 13,000 people are
15,000 people were singing our song
that's yelling at us
be right there is a perfect example
where I just kind of like stood back and
it was just like wow
how the hell did I get here so before
saying tonight has thought this was
gorgeous and I wanted to show you guys
so I will see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe and
have a great night bye guys
