good morning Boston if my memory serves
me correctly that probably doesn't this
is like one of the first times I've
actually been back to Boston since the
surgery so it kind of feels really
rewarding part of it hey we've been in
Boston right last couple years but I
remember not I'm lies good the last war
Oh screw it i'm completely wrong at any
rate it still feels pretty victorian
back here actually let me see that they
actually get a good shot of that yet
welp easily can off this is a church
that Charles did about arm is a ditch
that was trashed I mean sort of that was
Jake's sort of this is charles is sort
of ended my netflix in this pain nah not
for nothing but it hurts the most no and
i have a nose strip Alyssa use Charles
stealing talking Patrick are you guys
are going to go into Frankie's bag right
now we're gonna go to Frankie vision
where was I
I woke up feeling really like refreshed
and energized and it is a very nice
change of pace because those time I wake
up I'm like groggy and oh my god damn it
I really don't want to get up I don't
want to do anything right now but today
I woke thought that I was feeling really
really really incredible so what I'm
actually doing today is I'm gonna go
meet up with my really good friend Devin
and just kind of like I don't know catch
up on life and and everything that's
been going on I mean we talk all the
time on the phone but it's still
different like we do you don't get to
see someone face-to-face it is totally
different and I have actually most of my
closest friends have moved away with
either their significant other or just
to get a new change of pace so I'm very
very excited about being able to like
catch up with her face to face sting her
you know and I don't know I just I love
her I'm so excited I'm so excited
look behind you
it's a white bandana behind you
I remember this video this step in you
that I knocked Kohli down in the green
man suit yes Ramona is running I just
completely tackled him
I mean for having a bad memory i think
that member is pretty good decent i
guess i should say hey Danny Danny hi
Danny from we the kings right realm back
in
Ali was up here right now she'd be
freaking out at all the Christmas trees
ever since we had these scooters I've
been just like taking them pretty much
almost a off campus which is randomly
around the grounds because we used to
have like nothing like this we have the
skateboards you can't go too far as
people or walking so it's kind of nice
to have these now we can just kind of go
venture off and find some new things
around round here
so like I said earlier I can just meet
up with Debbie and you guys probably all
remember Harry from lunch time ago you
all were infatuated with her but we're
actually back at our old stomping
grounds in John's fast we used to work
together overhead oh yeah we used to
work together at the surf shop and Devon
lives in orlando now so I'm really been
able to see her much so we decided to
have like that a girls day together aim
John Strauss of all places but whatever
just fun got coffee you could go see
some Gators this is a really really nice
though it's really pretty out and I just
saw somebody else winner to showed me
this this is an arcade game I'm not sure
exactly where it's at but they're using
my face I shirt there brother make sure
when you love
you know you're not supposed to hurt
yourself right fine I got to make up a
better story
yeah you saved a life right you save the
baby from a train Kate ok to save a kid
you're fine yeah exactly today has been
kind of an off day for me I just kind of
have been wanting to just chill and what
I guess it off this thing was I get
gotcha I am freaking prone to being a
klutz I literally was just talking to
Allie about that last night when i was
talking to you guys yesterday to about
that and I was her off the soup to
skateboard I don't know just I guess da
same trippy just really kind of kind of
live up to that today's but yeah like
today it's just been kind of keeping it
easy cuz last couple days literally I've
been running all over the place
yesterday we're in the Sun all day
tomorrow actually it's kind of fun
because tomorrow is actually one of my
favorite world tour dates it's called
darien lake it's in New York and there's
actually a theme park I don't know if
you guys remember there's that theme
park that's like attached to the venue
so we get to go to the actual ride
roller coasters and go back and play a
show but rides roller coasters go back
hang out warp tour ride some roller
coasters I don't know it's one of my
favorite ones because I always remember
that one that one in there's one in Ohio
that has a water park that's attached to
it and now we know Scranton has one so
off the mental note check out this
craziness as I'm driving home this is
insane i had a pullover just so that you
guys see this crazy storm that's
happening terrifying but insane next let
me see that horn
I take us on a figure you do this to any
I feel better that it's okay not taste
good you got something right right there
good I want a guy that's what friends
are for of course it would be warped
tour without a floating condom this even
has crutches Hondo show me how tall
chris is nothing like he's just being
fun with it having fun with it one
purchase your feet Hubbard eben thank
you was she doing do you eat all your
food Gianna let's see yep so I came over
to help Melissa out because she is out
with a friend tonight and came to say hi
to tie and give him his food why you got
do it out light light blue that I know
your folks I'd bikini huh oh yes oh yes
I just came to hang out with him for a
little bit and there's like I said
there's like crazy storm that's going on
so need to make sure he was doing okay
but he doesn't actually seem really like
fazed by it well just so I think that's
so interesting though that some dogs
freak out some dogs don't Zoey Marley
does a little bit but Zoey definitely
freaks out over the storms and diesel I
don't know if diesel actually like
really freaks out or if he he sees like
Zoe Marley getting like really anxious
and he's all got me that's something
that I have to do to so he'll come over
and he'll hang all over me when it's
raining just because you see it's
Marlene so we doing it oh boy I need to
get home shortly though cuz look at that
rain oh that's gonna be a fun one
awesome awesome I don't even think
you're gonna want to go sentai go pee
let's try though you won't try and go
pee let's go I'm triangle be moving this
one hmm yes okay
he's got such a fat face like silly
games here like she wants nothing to do
with it how's this hi guys I just want
to say good night and i will see you
guys tomorrow is always have a great
night hi guys goodbye there you go
heck is wrong with you
i'm going to have one
get me shit right
