good morning Internet we are in the
Jersey Shore Cailin is here and she's
gonna go with me to the dentist because
I am going to go and get like the little
knobby psycho on my teeth to help the
moving process of my teeth for the
ClearCorrect
and I'm very nervous because I'm afraid
it's gonna be super noticeable and I'm
not exactly sure where they're gonna be
putting them but this is the only thing
I think I've been dreading about the
whole process is getting those on so
they look like braces and that's me but
the whole you know idea putting those on
it's gonna be worth it in the end so
just a short minor boat hey bro you from
the Jersey Shore hey bro
actually the first time I've ever
actually been on the Jersey Shore
okay for some reason I think imagined it
to be kind of like really crappy I don't
know why I got that like kind of
assumption but it's actually really
really pretty here
too much you say let's go play
I hear let's go get some right there
please escort
trav you need more jackets but we found
a woman she is probably 43 so if you
ever come to Luther King show and you
have your mom
hide your mom put some vaseline around
adhere the cuts are gonna be right there
okay you see this one right here in the
front teeth yeah well this is the bottom
one here one here that's the best your
practice okay yeah that's okay no that's
okay that's maybe the front front to the
bottom that's not bad okay that's not as
bad as I thought it was gonna be so one
of these and that and there's a gun
where's Chris here the bust rally Attell
you how to actually throw it last time
we try this Danny Roma Center Mercedes
because the Mercedes are standing next
to me yeah can you throw one of those
Australia all right you just flew in
from around the world
dude seriously do you have a throw one
right getting naughty or complimenting
bathing suits right now you want red so
I'm gonna do blue or black or something
like that it's not really complementing
you guys aren't overly crappy tent we
got Australia not Australian tent that's
stuck nope that's a better one now are
you posing there you're just looking
looking for girls looking for the girls
engage it like you said you know
whatever bill and they got a key
what is it will even lose the smear
layer of the food so we can give good
money good you don't do that it was a
paid attention to what your face look
looks like my mom used to put grapes up
you didn't you make yourself look like a
that's hot that's so hot right well you
know what's to be actually for you
this is neither be down here get it Oh
cuz it's a smaller shell I get it now
go to their address it's a smaller shell
so it should replace the bigger shell
okay yeah you're getting it out size of
the package because your wiener small
got it my question is why have you seen
my wiener
daddy what he's ready right I can't
figure it out it can't help can you see
what this is be really SOS there's the
bash brothers so a couple Trav's friends
came over and they're actually really
good at soccer
so there's school and everybody right
now
we went forth though you have the
boomerang did you throw it it just came
home he's right now it's like really
I know so guys I get to do it with all
these in the trashcan these were my
second ones that I had and I no longer
need them so I actually get to toss
these bad boys right into the trash so
those are basically going to like shift
my teeth are like on rotated need to be
rotated just a little bit one thing that
really made me happy is that you can
barely see them so that's kind of a cool
thing but also the fact that I went in
there and they put my new train and they
said that it went in easily which is a
plus which means that I am wearing my
trays enough and properly because I
guess a lot of people will come and they
won't wear their trays so then they have
a hard time getting their new train set
I'm good Kalin's gonna end up getting it
I love my family they never talk there
to smile I'm sorry I'm texting it's good
well that's one way to do a trap I was
coming to help
you're driving the center for some
reason they wouldn't let me record a and
then we'll let you like race
I didn't you raised right you did you
recorded the whole time the rebels let's
just cut to Chris's rough footage right
now
what are we doing and called rat race
there's literally the word race in the
name I think you did because I think you
got it at the end yeah I think you got
it at the end and they killed like all
the go-karts except couple mine was like
slam press the brake slow down I was
like I was a guy getting tattooed right
now
so I feel nice and refreshed went to the
hotel which was disgusting though took a
quick shower going to the bus then we
head to Boston
feels like he has vlog and do this was
literally on the phone with Ally's
brucei was I've never actually been to
the Jersey Shore I was expecting
something completely different I
actually like it's kind of nice having
over there the cow easy frigging sweater
the cow easy sweaters when you look at
Kelly that's all you think are these
these freaking poncho things these are
the best things for him danny has
literally been talking about this thing
all freaking day just warming up yeah
good one there's like rubber frogs
literally Danny's been talking about
this all freakin day oh it's on the lily
pad
frogs like lily pads tribe yes turn it
the best part is watching every action
take another one because the crab cause
it was in my way there's no resolution
I can't reach it sir please do not reach
over the rail and the crab you saw it
right that's not in that's not it like
it should be in like that that's not it
sir-sir can't take him anywhere
it looks like he's jumping too that way
it's desperate desperate these hustlers
over here they somehow combine there's
this stuff where you're supposed to not
do I guess
what do you get draft you know we got a
side
what is your life coach Jim Duncan is
like the winner of today just a winner
of life
yeah just win it life right now Doug
well guys I hope you enjoyed today's
video at the Jersey Shore
tomorrow we are heading to Boston I will
see you as small as always have a good
night bye guys I'm also gonna be very
care home
and my tattoo open wound
doesn't you say so what what what what
skates job in this
