that's amazing
you did awesome no he's scratching me
accordion music now she loves you you're
the craziest you know cut eller go run
away just like no kiss my bum
hey you being a jerk hey dear you'd only
get that for your travel luggage I don't
think anyone would ever excuse me so
what we need for our New Year's not so
extravagant extravaganza
it's me
and is that still extravagant and it's a
dress you can't go should be I think the
dogs need this it doesn't even fit in
here look as a giant cran and giraffe I
kind of like that one too like I said
we're trying to get all fancy smancy for
the not so fancy no not for a rush it's
a little smaller than what I wanted for
that area I just began today
meets she needs those hospital socks
kind of Happy New Year's know it's Marty
though you can't do it it's all Mardi
Gras they don't have very much selection
we got some gold stuff over here you
sure you don't want a nipple our golden
silverware angles draws I'm so tired of
going either Target or Party City or a
pet store or something like that so I'm
just gonna chill in the car right now
the weather is beautiful what is the
temperature it's actually kind of cool
63 degrees so it's officially hoodie
weather here in Florida because this is
officially cold test actually been
talking you guys a lot on the Skype
stuff you guys are dealing with some
cold 10 degrees 5 degrees I could I'd be
done I'd be done Matt and Carly are
packing all their stuff up to head back
home they're trying to make sure that
all of this stuff weighs less than like
I think it was 75 to 80 pounds right
we're using the handy dandy scale to
measure
no it's alright Ken nice to find you so
beautiful but we gotta we gotta get all
this in there and it's got to be less
than 70 to 80 pounds you can't do
anything to this rug deal all right
Marley we're moving your giant dog bed
so okay with you wait where Zoey go Rico
where you this is the thing every time
we come home because we've said this
we're teaching Rica to come to us when
we come home Rica I see you around the
corner come on there you are come on
I see you there we go good girl come on
come here Rica come here hi Zoey
teacher what to do because come on
you're so close you're listening a
little bit that does look good I think
it's nice I mean it's a rug we're not
used to having a rug there it's just a
show perspective on how big that thing
is Emily she likes it this your she's
like can we please keep this oh by the
way Rica's got a collar on for the first
time ever you're looking pretty there
kitty cat so my goal now that she's
wearing collars is to get a tiny spike
collar that's pink just like the girls I
think that would look pretty awesome the
what Alexa turn back here at lights on
turn on please turn on nope I'm looking
in detail Alexa turn backyard lights on
so there goes it works technology Rika
get off the couch or whatever this is
yesterday there's pretty much a day of
playing video games I forgot how much
fun it was actually to do that I'm so
Tom you know my brother
got me into the call of duty the new one
I haven't played a frigging line in
black ops is last one so this is gonna
be the first video game i bought wow
there's the dead rising before now see
who they even have the Call of Duty it's
kind of funny it's just like Stevie like
this is all it is that's all others no
that's no see black ops it's not what I
want I don't want any these I seriously
don't have it it's right there whole
bunch of them it's funny it's I need to
have like a giant Bell like back in the
day actually you know what's kind of
funny like it's the stereotype but I
actually had or my friend actually had
one of those like dinner bells like
we're my my friend's parents would bring
this dinner bell because you know back
then when we were kids we just ran
around we didn't know where we're going
to get out and you just run and then you
come home for dinner and I was pretty
much it it's literally like how I go
with the dogs that's that was my
childhood I got off track but the reason
why I'm doing that is because so funny
like I hit like this I go like this like
this is what I do and this like the
dinner bell and all three of them come
and bid yes and just cranky went over
here and when Diesel's here he's like
right there so we have a whole line of
dogs and cats which by the way as we
said earlier Rika is now a bigger bigger
than this one since the dogs got to eat
something nice I'm taking Ali out on a
little after you ma'am who says chivalry
is dead I guess the chivalrous if I like
where he said every other day of the
week that would not only
what is the chivalry if I make it like
saying like that it's like I'm jibril it
shyffilis I'm actually shiver list right
now I'm actually shivering get it
because it's 50 degrees I totally
butchered that whole jokes that doesn't
count anymore so these are like the one
thing that Charles and I can agree on
whenever we don't have sushi you can you
just choose not to he's in fish but he
seems to like these when I got
I'm sorry but you're probably the first
person I've ever heard that happened to
but I know that that's important to do
well I'm not all that works to money
whatever was one of the amazing gifts
that chars mom actually gave us and it's
a super cool sketchbook I don't know if
I showed it to you guys the other day
look at this look at this is that not
like the coolest thing you've ever seen
in your entire life
Sleeping Beauty ah it's just so cool
lady in the Tramp all I love it it's
just so cool hopefully this will help me
with my drawing skills but who knows
today my brother and Carly drove back to
Harley's mom's house because they are
going to be flying out tomorrow super
early I'm gonna miss them so much but
I'm so happy that I was able to hang out
with him for a little bit while they
were here and hang out with Lyla and
it's amazing to see how much she has
grown since just like this short amount
of time that I saw her earlier this year
they really do miss the best makes me so
emotional but that means that Christmas
is officially over which the next big
holiday is obviously New Year's Eve now
typically what we do for New Year's Eve
is we go over to Travis and Jenny's
house and we weren't sure if they were
going to do it this year but then they
did let us know today that they're doing
it however we thought they weren't gonna
do it this year and so we were had
already kind of made the decision to
just stay home so we're gonna just have
a little small get-together at our house
we're definitely gonna miss being there
because it's so much fun every single
year they know that we wish we could be
there and vice versa so we're gonna just
give them our very happy
hugs extended through the I don't know
the universe saying hey Happy New Year's
we wish we could be there with you guys
yeah and have our own little itsy bitsy
New Year's celebration so of course you
know me we're planning a party I tend to
love doing anything tacky and I love
going kind of all out for situation
okay that officially freaked me out I
just heard something and it really
scared me charge yourself with the girls
and took them for a walks alone that's
why I freaked out
first off you're not supposed to be up
there Rica yeah good job okay maybe that
makes me feel better cause okay that was
the noise I heard it was the chair
rocking back and forth back to what I
was saying is whenever I throw a little
get-together I like to always make it
super tacky and I kind of tend to go all
out a little bit not like all out but I
tend to buy a lot of unnecessary things
because I just wanted to make it like
super exciting you know whatever pretty
it should be a fun time I'm looking
forward to it I'm kind of actually
looking forward to like spending New
Year's at home because we have been
always away every New Year's now over at
some friends house or we're we're just
never home I mean that's just it we're
just never home so I'm looking forward
to the park that I'll be in the comfort
on my own home and I'll be able to spend
it with my dogs and with my family and
it'll be it'll be nice obviously we're
trying to do a little simple what we say
I'm gonna say not so great I scratch
what is it nice newsies not so
extravagant and extravagant yeah so
Ali's getting all fancy smancy so now
it's becoming extravagant bed yeah that
is pretty cool actually here's the thing
every time
New Year's our 4th of July Marley starts
panicking it's okay the fireworks won't
find you there I know so I just took the
dogs for a walk in the whole time we're
halfway there Marley just turned around
like I'm going home she comes over it
completely over it I mean look at that
face
they just do a wide shot of what she's
doing
you don't care attack Rika cook it cook
it low five low five low five high five
getting good at this low-five good job
but is that read Rico what is it no
don't get that no come back this way
where you going look at the cat next for
her
