oh I think there's a storm coming
alright so I'm here with Corey and his
from it's actually the other burger shop
in the High Point
virginians out here making some
I saw when I was outside just hanging
out
you're given both character
so a polka look like a pleat asshole
like an asshole when I got says can you
do that I could
perfect
big guys my first would prohibit cut
this tour we do there coal fixing my
foots some emergency surgery yeah I
didn't have thread just sit right down
here is completely shredded say goodbye
to these boots everybody they've lasted
many years of any tours
time to go through digging are you
really taping it I have to otherwise if
this comes and done you know I'll break
especially with these spins so you can
tell both of you can see the talks I'm
not really left my side today there is a
thunderstorm outside it's like just
starting you know where it's like really
dark out and you hear the thunder but
there's no rain yet so it's getting
there but the dogs are getting super
nervous like it so I made her like a
little nest right here so she feels a
little bit more comforted I don't know
today I've just been working on the
vlogs I'm working locked up up on my
channel and then I'm actually doing
research for drumroll please
our wedding venue so while Charles is
away what I'm gonna do is I think I'm
either gonna go with like my mom I said
Sara Melissa Marlene whomever is
available to go with me and we're gonna
look at a few venues so that when char
comes back I can take him to the ones
that I think you know would be once that
he would really like I'm also gonna film
on there so that he can see it and see
what he likes just so he's kind of there
too but yeah I think that's what we're
gonna plan I'm doing or what my plan is
and the next like week or so it's like
starting to go to these spices and
starting to figure that out and I guess
wedding prep has begun guys it's crazy
but it's exciting
super fresh
we're in Virginia Beach Virginia I guess
that'd be a stupid question
anyway so I'm kind of thriving the go
pad a motorbike scooter
whatever the hell thing is around the
amphitheater just trying to get my
bearings and see what's around here it's
I forgot how beautiful this place was
there's just so many trees it's just so
gorgeous
so I'm trying to find like a way I'm
over last time I went into it a little
trail and it was freaking amazing I'm
trying to find that trail two years I
kind of forgot about that so try to
relocate it found it
well show was good so hot so I don't
ever put things in my hair anymore for
the specific reason so the guy who did
my haircut which did a great job put
some sort of like hair product in it so
I'm silver over my eye because it hurts
and so when I was playing I'm sweating
so bad it was like going in my eye so
heavy like fine Frankie and rub my face
all over Frankie just to get the stuff
out of my eye and it's still in that you
can't do it I guess they're Main streets
so that way I can go give these things
repair that talk to the guy he's gonna
hook me up in this place like a freakin
labyrinth they first told me go this way
then they told me to go this way and now
they're telling me to go back this way
stuck in here it's always so funny I
always forget that Virginia Beach is
always one of the hottest days not not
Dallas not Phoenix also never to get
back I think that back nevermind I
forgot about Phoenix that I forgot about
Vegas I managed to find a place I can
get my glasses fix out and look they're
brand new completely fixed his brother
is actually one of the tour managers for
one of the bands that's actually out on
tour so he totally understood the
urgency of everything so we had a person
from another store that actually had it
drive it over that was a couple minutes
so I didn't have to go over there I no
longer see little spectacles they look
kind of like a clock basically when I
was on stage when the Sun was hitting it
it looked like I was looking at
everybody I got kaleidoscope so as you
guys know the decorating is continuing
in this house well Charles who's gone
but so I might not look very different
to you guys but I kind of changed up the
pillowcases and made it a little bit
more fun got this really cool pineapple
down there and I got this really awesome
picture because I'm like look we got
this fun one here I thought this would
kind of be fun to put somewhere in this
room because it would really like
brighten it up but I haven't figured out
where so where should I put it but
things are coming along slowly but
surely I'm you know I'm I'm really happy
with it because it's just fitting such a
long process and honestly a big thing it
has been money like it's expensive to
decorate your house so I am very much a
bargain shopper and I got everything
from TJ Maxx and I feel like I'm like
such a promoter of it but I love it
so much and you can find such cool
amazing things there and yeah so I'm
pretty excited pretty excited
also since the dogs have been like
itching and stuff I got them some new
shampoo hopefully this will like work
and really like soothe whatever's going
on with them because honestly I just I
think it's honestly I think this just
time of year is one of the biggest
things that really affects their skin
and affects why don't they get so much
diesel I love that you have just like
ripped apart
another toy look at this it's like a
massacre in here you're terrible little
tight I got one more thing I'm trying to
get organized
I think that's ooh my biggest like
ordeal ever in my life I feel like
there's people that are like less people
and they're like everything has a
particular place in their home things of
that sort
I am NOT that person I have to work on
it tremendously tremendously but what I
wanted to show you sorry for the echo I
only got like a little organization
thing to put all of our shampoos and our
conditioners and all of our best stuff
in the shower so it's one step closer I
mean it's not crazy progress but I'm
getting there it's something I'm
definitely definitely gonna have to work
out because I am not the most organized
person I'm a little bit too
free-spirited with my stuff I guess you
could say
there we go so we are getting that
approval
alright guys so here's the thing
Franky's have helping me right now I'm
going to ask Travis and Danny to be my
best man
and I wanted to kind of surprise them
with them I've been town all day and I
have something to talk about and are
like it's okay is it something wrong and
bite
it's something I gotta get off my chest
so right now they had
right now Frankie Larry I told Colin and
Chris back there like all right guys
when they get on the bus is kind of
nonchalantly walk back
they're helping so we're trying to like
make the counter a mess
the bus is normally always a month mess
but for some frickin reason right now it
was actually clean so Frankie's helping
me the shovel this thing and then he's
going to hit the record button and we
should be good and donkeys in on it too
so
okay
Troy a lot and really
I didn't really know how to tell you
guys but you are like my best friend so
I kinda wanted
I wanted you guys to be my best man
Yeah right there
hold it back of course dude fortunately
possible you know
holy shit oh I didn't quit the band
oh yeah let's be like you know what we
actually are kicking you out my heart
that's why I was asking you today I was
like eh just when you say it's just you
it's out and then up and then I was like
is it good you're like it's not good at
bad it shows it is my
when I did the wedding video rally how
my career first I got I got that nervous
ass
except the weird guy in the corner to
tell me he came into the perfect time
okay three four years wrongful say
anymore okay bye head Ollie's you're
like dopamine when I was gonna cry and
the other one was like waiting for like
the news so I was like you know other
choice is going
as long as I can stand so to hold the
rainbow smooth
see this is why I wanted one of the
heavy guys are available during your
wedding I like you connect with more now
and you just like this is exactly why I
wanted them to both really want to see
this I
whatever used in a straight line like
it's like like you ollie
dr. pepper speed trap side by side yeah
that's like the best news I can hear in
Virginia Beach
never Clouseau shooting a two
I'm glad it to give into a gun yeah I
mean I have a bankruptcy today and
that's another squinting I thought I
think
goli it's a lie I'd be honored if you'd
be
where they call the groomsmen groomsmen
absolutely so planet yeah that's got me
because we're closer even trash because
that's money right there we go
like you'd better a bachelor party mix
Charles Ganz it begins oh my gosh okay
yeah it's like well that seems like
bullshit wasn't wearing a fucking shirt
but it is my last clean shirt
I know I'd be honored to be thrown away
what I'd be honored if you get groomsmen
at my wedding
like Sylvester Stallone arm shakes
that's great can I put a penis on his
arm Josh could I put a piece on another
one I mean it's this another yeah I have
a limit of only two penises oh my
kruseman but that's bad yeah when we get
to disarm oh really
if you like a part of the moon part of a
number
something for if you guys are very
confused crank is basically just
updating everything
Travis is not getting tattooed again I'm
getting tattooed oh you are really all
right I'm gonna get on their side and
I'll let you film in if you want I will
let you do the shark
three enough people yeah but three and
half feet all right that is legally
binding legally binding if it's on the
internet it's true we all know that
thank you guys so much for watch the
face video it was really nice to be able
to surprise Travis and Danny the way I
did to be my kinsman and I got to say
thank you so much
- Frankie for helping me with the camera
work hope you guys enjoyed it and I will
see you guys tomorrow in New York can i
guys probably get my car
then
