backups it's that early they don't want
to get up see in a couple days buddy the
trav and I managed to escape for the
holidays right back on campus
it looks like
I've been up since 4 o'clock in the
morning I just need just an hour asleep
and then we're going to the Children's
Hospital again playing for them when
you're the Carolinas Medical Center
right now and we're trying to find the
because it's like a studio we're gonna
actually play and perform just like kind
of look good s was maybe a little
weakest year ago last time for a bunch
of little kids having Danny obviously
playing with toys can't take them
anywhere kind of reminds me of a an
airplane who does Delta play all natural
it's like stained glass like modern
stained glass
or do they just press play right now or
if it's been on like reheating and toss
kind of been like a little bit of a late
start for me today I'm great stuff
logging I don't know I kind of woke up a
little bit unmotivated today I'm not
really unmotivated I dropped Charles off
at the airport super early this morning
and then I couldn't go back to sleep so
I probably had like four hours of sleep
under my belt right now I mean I'm I
have not slept at all and then I got up
and I was doing the vlog and then I was
having issues with my computer and then
I was doing emails and I know my had
like a little conference call today with
someone that I'm working with and that
seems like motivated actually it seems
like I've gotten a lot of time which I
have but after that I have just been
sitting and doing absolutely nothing I
haven't mixed bad this is like
ridiculous
I feel so guilty and I feel like I'm
doing a really bad job at putting stuff
up on my channel I am actually still
working on a vlog for like tribe Tyler
sweating and then the Pride Parade
I still am working on that I and then
I'm working on another what I would
consider like my first I wanted to do
like a start doing like the monthly
favorites which I know it's pretty
cliche and everybody does it but I
definitely want to do that so I'm going
to be putting one of those up on my
channel I believe in the next three days
four days don't quote me on that I am
just so busy around here and still
working with you know obviously doing
the daily vlog so if you guys can work
with me and pair with me that would be
so awesome
my favorite thing is when we do these
things Kali
this is goalie the coolest way ever yeah
super close that good
thanks Isaac I like my shot all right
yeah right
transaction when I hear something this
is just beyond
Charles translate the Mexican
why why was very dangerous to my family
No
and his thing is like you know what I
want to do I'm going to story
but nobody figures offering them figures
back so they kind of like building is
totally everything
right so now I decided to take
appropriate authority dear store manager
go get her keys yes
Danny story for obvious reasons did put
her Gilley's bags Who am I gonna be you
do like going to Disney I do I'll go be
Ricky okay I'll be amazing yeah and this
is close to this guy
no ice please go on the top of it
her
small step but step nonetheless small
step but it's done so I'm going to God
whose emailing me right now it's
actually Charles and I'm gonna get
motivated and I'm gonna go to the gym
because I haven't actually been to the
gym since before I left to meet up with
guys for work sorry step you know what
gym time I want to put the banner become
an ass ride
that was strictly my head
I'd have the window yeah do it
there's no showers on warp towards this
week
who's got the soap she's never gonna be
invited back they're like yeah they took
a shower in our family
it looks like the bar
way more tonight that was so much more
got myself as I'm idiot
yeah cooler than I think oh my head so
look who's back
it was a hey are you just gonna twist to
the ground like a weirdo I guess you're
gonna just twist on the ground like a
weed oh hey come here there's mezuzot
there's my girl
there's my girl so got diesel went to
the gym feeling good you know trying to
get motivated usually what's that like
motivated Monday or whatever that cliche
thing is that people say motivated
Tuesday that's what I'm trying to build
and create so that's yes I'm doing right
now anyways I've been telling char I
think it would like be cool if maybe we
talked or we like got out to the
internets you know what what are some
things that you guys would like to see
us do or what you know progress this
step would you guys like to see us to
take in regards to these channels like
what do you want to see on my channel
what do you want to see on the CTFxC are
there changes that you want made because
I think it's sometimes like you can get
really helpful advice from you guys
being the viewers being the family
that's been here since the very
beginning you guys can help us figure
out you know what you want to see and
what you find interesting and what might
be a cool thing for us to do to help us
move forward in the YouTube community
because I think is so important because
sometimes you get lost in you don't know
what to do so I know I definitely need
help with my channel it's it's kind of
nerve-wracking exciting but
nerve-wracking and I would love to hear
anything that you guys have to say about
that even with the CTFxC if you want to
see like different aspects of Warped
Tour there's side to it that we're not
showing you that you guys would really
like to see tell us I'm like there's
something about me being at home that
you want to see that could be really
really interesting tell me I want to
hear it if you want to see more of the
dogs tell us I want to make sure that we
can do something for you guys that is
you know well worth watching you know
goes charge around for eight years man
it is it's getting harder and harder to
figure out you know what to film and
thumbnails and titles and you know we
you can do things more than one time in
a row because I mean in eight years
that's a lot of a lot of food and a lot
of days for sure so here you go guys
what do you want to see I just I've been
thinking about it
oh no it's been something that's been on
my mind and I just thought it would be
like a cool thing to figure out and ask
you guys if there's something that you
would like to see is there changing the
CTFxC that you'd like this to happen
something on my channel which is still
so brand new thank you guys would really
like to see would enjoy because
sometimes you will just need a little
help and I would love to get someone
that helps me yeah Craig he's the one
that actually did the tattoo
a couple years ago he's gonna get
something tattoo Getty Images freaking
said think of something that what I do
jellyfishing on my side there you go now
that would hurt somebody would sting
Charles oh my god
totally watch out
gave seen on the camera anymore and it's
not a bird that's a bat
that's a flying trash bag Roncalli your
safety Zach I don't want you doing it I
told you not to rain or shine show must
go on you lead the way
so the show was freakin amazing and I
just actually walked back to the bus and
I did something that I had never ever
ever done in the history of vlogs I just
met an awesome couple bill and Jen and
they just asked me to tell their parents
that they were pregnant so happy
pregnancy I'm actually truly honored
that's the first time that's ever really
happened no that is the first time
that's ever happened so
bullies all lonely just from a different
self because you see everyone having fun
yeah for prestigious everyone's over
here having fun and then you're over
there just like Oh what are you getting
updated Ando easy enough answer
Beasley's been a couple days you know
set to work
this has been my favorite thing to do in
the past six years playing walk tour
it's just kind of going where all the
chaos was and just because you know how
loud it was the entire day but just
listening to how quiet and peaceful
everything is now and pretty well
there's something about like a giant
amphitheater that's empty that's just
pretty beautiful just kind of odd
inspiring party doesn't make much sense
don't get me wrong a full amphitheater
is pretty freakin cool too well now that
I'm showering as much as I can for today
for tonight I'm gonna go to bed kind of
watch the movies with a long drive long
drives want to ride you though
apparently without driving
thank God we're not driving anyway guys
I will see you tomorrow I'll be joy
today's video and have a great night
bye guys
about how you supposed to do it you
supposed to crowd
