so happy birth of July everybody
beautiful it's actually beautiful
because it's just so weird
you're like FLOTUS weather girl
obviously you can tell I'm back at home
spending 4th of July with the pups and
Ally the family if you will the missus
the future mrs. the old ball and chain
the old ball and chain I'm with another
one the old uh the old lady hag the old
hag that's the most offensive one the
winch so maybe we'll pick up some
supplies basically for my prescriptions
and I want to show you guys something
this is what's insane about this
medication I'm so sick of taking it just
to pick up 38 pills
look at this 670 $3.59 38 pills that'd
be kind of fun I've bailed on Ally she
went back to the house upload the vlog
and I thought it'd be kind of fun since
I know she's gonna be out there and
everybody thinks too sunning and I think
the dogs they're gonna love it too
someone go get a super soaker or just a
water gun helmet asshole I have to do it
she would do the exact same thing if I
was doing it I know you would Ally if
you're watching this video of course
you're editing it right now you would do
the exact same thing I just hope they
have really good ones like they did when
I was a kid I feel like a lot like toys
I used to love I've gotten really lame
nowadays with like various uh
restrictions I kind of went a little
overboard I got dogs a little deflatable
pool because that other pool wasn't
working so good
I got another slip and slide because I
want to try that last one really suck
and I went crazy with the Super Soaker
I remember having the Super Soaker they
had like the double pump action or had
the double barrels and my favorite one
was the green one I had
yellow barrels I don't know if anyone
had super soakers back in the 90s but
that was the best one definitely not the
same he's not straight
there's no trigger out of Super Soaker
anymore that's actually kind of
interesting so Holly should be right on
the corner he's sunbathing here let's
move music so I'm hoping right now that
the dogs are your inside and should
rather than out because Sully always
freaking basically ruins everything he
tells on me
get the grills right there
I told you that's a freaking trigger so
I have to since you guys down and just
hope this way
No
so the prank what's the success but now
Marley Vitelli me I'm really thrilled
about it really really job you you get
over it old matters
well hold grudges Marley really does
hold a grudge Tyson's love in this pool
though I know
hey you'll end up using it more than he
actually does come sit at the cool kids
table I've never been at the cool kid
table did you know that I was never
there oh thanks come on party pooper
have all the puppies are in here Oh
hey where the hell they keep going
Poseidon
good buddy letting our 4th of July
celebration continue I went got a slip
and slide hoping that this one was gonna
be a little bit better obviously it's
not doing any better gotta love this so
well when you're like 4 foot tall and
you slide and it doesn't hurt as bad all
right the puddle the splash zone hey
Martha you enjoying your rocking chair
having fun there bud so you guys have
fun on your slip and slide I'm just
gonna enjoy this Oh for heaven sakes
you are the cutest little booger I've
ever seen in my entire life I think I've
learned my lesson with seven slides at
least one set you back from the store
like this because last time I ended up
with bruises all over my body I'm gonna
hold that why oh yeah now here we are
trying another slip inside thinking that
maybe this will work and we're kind of
disappointed because I remember it being
so much more extreme with the water
blowing out but if you can see the water
is just like shooting up ever so
slightly then again we were like a
quarter of the size that we are now so
be brave be bold jump and win the gold
look at how good fun
so what's better than another one what
are you doing are you soaking up this
one is much better than the other one
I'll have to play that we're noticing if
we step on this it actually makes a
sprinkle that's not how you're supposed
to do it this was a kraut and then push
I don't think I need to do this try it
one more time
well don't falling it use the ramp
that's why there's a ring do that how
you want to do it easier for you you'll
be like a little toboggan go for it
am I the only one who knows how to do a
slip and slide kind of getting down to
the end what's fun so happy look at I
had like a little link
get a little emos going I know that a
slip inside will keep them happy at
preoccupied if I was with I want to
bring this on tour let it put sunny
airplane started getting too packed up
buddy we decided that we want to do a
lot some fireworks so brought the pups
so does everyone else
here's the funny thing yes there's we're
walked or was because I don't know who's
gonna be more scared Marley or Zoey baby
not either one of them I don't know I
think it might be Marley think it's to
be Zoey if your answer was Marley you
win
it's alright just focus on this world
focus up okay so we just think give a
crab calmer though this is what I call
my now
Zoey are you enjoying my water she's
drinking her daddy and this one's like
petrified fireworks haven't even really
started to Justin with me yeah she's
being a good girl we're attempting you
to take a family photo but I don't think
it's gonna work I don't know hey let me
do that tutor my son was that long I had
to let you do it's funny you are a
lunatic though Zoey's the huh he's the
fire oh come on kid dude huh
what baby what come here come here come
over here come with me these dogs are
like children
they got it
so we're all hanging out my fire marshal
she's okay with the official fire with
all these unofficial fireworks she keeps
like big ones over there she's like
talking one not liking those
July 4th 2016
there we go Marley's like let's get the
 out of here
Zoi is totally fine actually
other than the unofficial fireworks well
goodnight Internet we just wanted to say
good night and thank you so much for
watching today's video we will see you
guys tomorrow as always I hope you had a
wonderful 4th of July and what am I
gonna Mauro North Carolina so I'll see
you guys in North Carolina
I guess just have a week
at your home
running back
