guys are so cute to talk to a party
that's so sweet and awkward good morning
guys back on the bus and in Orlando and
it's good old Florida heat like I'll
fake those clouds look
fake
very nice babe so we're playing at eight
and it's look at this storm rolling in
great they're hi how are you that's just
informed me that West Palm were to be in
an amphitheater right yes we're gonna be
the ampere tomorrow west palm which is
because it's okay i guess it's going to
rain tomorrow too here is hell right now
Kember the video pana instinct yeah
we're gonna go straight through we're
screwed I have to show you so Chad as
always she chat every single time a tuna
moles he's also one of the guys you're
half the guys that designed that right
one of three a third of the guys so you
know this shirt the CTFxC dragon shirt
two normals go check them out on warp
tour you guys are on the whole year
right whole summer that's not all summer
go say I welcome give him a high five
all that fun stuff I think my new
favorite shirt has got to be back I
don't know finding screamo is pretty
good oh my god that is good i didn't
that's new to right guys are so cute
that's so sweet and awkward
great so awkward a good friends right
here
it's really awkward so awkward when we
were hanging out with Jennifer from them
now boys chattering animals they're ten
almost blew over so you see all the
tents can I go to lower and lower and
lower right now play at 8pm play of the
draining from the dignity lightning game
over is that like string captain
Lord Florida right Reagan ping Lewis and
push garden today we're on emergency
mode right now helping jay bell secure
the tent
everything's blowing away okay so
this storm is intense
get out of the tent get out of the tent
it's intense bed can't go to the tan
the Mohawk going yeah look at that smile
little punk rock yeah crazy little troll
crazy uncle Danny
they're two left how Frankie gets really
nervous when it's clear in I got two
people left there's like smack down
before yes
Oh
right
more
I love messing with Frankie
so the rain has been on and off the
entire day but I have to give it to
everyone out here so far just assigning
and there's a couple hundred people and
everyone just stayed in and stuck it
through the rain I have to give it to
you guys worked or has a lot of hardcore
people here hardcore fans hardcore music
lovers hey Jesse just hanging out yep ok
pretty Jesse though an amazing we became
fan gave us a spell for the scooter but
I think we have a better place for it
she's figured out how to bring it come
on ready right there you almost got it
yeah show her the previous tree oh yes
right there yeah yuck complete kidding
look right there
we say
thank you who is that pretty girl pretty
girl America oh
turn around you bet your daddy
oh and it's in the mouth Charles's
camera oh yeah he's weak am she's just
cleaning the screen feeding vinegar yeah
you did so good there we go so proud of
you oh yeah it seemed that lens off
after this oh definitely hi yeah hi baby
girl hey this is the fuzzy thing on top
my thing does she Lea up with a mirror
she's kinda fuzzy part oh that's y'see
butter yeah what's that Lloyd oh my god
fuzzy part I would watch the side look
I'm gonna believe the Oakland
what's really the cutest shot of her
ever can't you learn when you grow up
and that's not the best angle but it
looks so cute of her baby girl here so
that way you do myspace do myspace you
won't know what am I station is skinny
from the top skinny from the top oh oh
my gosh she looks even cuter from this
angle everyone does he's your back the
myspace angle everyone looks good at a
single there she is yay orlando city the
stadium i just had to come up here
because it's so freaking cool
part of me wants to run rate on that
field but I don't want to get trouble or
give me the King's in trouble so I'm not
going to and there's cops right there
definitely don't want to here's a fun
little side sack guys when my dad was on
tour I didn't even know this this was
always his bunk the back middle back
middle right did you know that Frankie
of course you didn't know that I'm
telling him for the first time Frankie
of course you didn't know that the door
open this way well see some of them face
changers
slides kind of like this oh wow no
cutting Star Trek oh it's nothing to do
it but this is a shower so we put the
shoes on it it just goes like this
my sauce my hands down my favorite thing
of all music festivals babies with giant
headphones
just something I love
motorsport
right there
oh jesus oh there you go that work
Oh
of course it's really ugly mom
hey we are so very very very very heavy
never very much second from the bottom
of my heart I don't we winner play
castle for but if you want come back
is definitely a perfect ending to the
warp tour here in Orlando is just
absolutely beautiful out fire exists an
incredible show from blank blast they
actually very very last
huge crowd of to leave
hang out with us here hanging out right
now we're just hanging out just got done
and we're getting ready to go go to work
and do stuff so far so he is actually
the
don't blood bomb that's Justin everybody
fun
look at that beautiful sunset there's
not a better way to end a day you guys
are so precious look Ali here at that
one this is a good picture I smell so
bad okay you are the meanest brother all
right we got to go west palm down the up
if you want to make a couple extra bucks
I'm here to do some recycling this is
the aftermath of warp tour which is
crazy not bad actually you've got your
stuff away I know it usually is
considered you can actually go and find
sunglasses a lot of different things
that's the one thing I've never
understood that how do you just leave
your shoe want you it's always one I
know your shoe how do you do that but I
don't know I always get my shoes on my
feet so who knows i think it's been so
many steps on it lenders yeah fun show I
think the Florida shows are my favorite
like I said million times in the logs
but they're also the most stressful ones
because you're playing for family and
mom my dad my sister everyone came out
what they're also a lot of fun because
family and it's beautiful out like
Florida cool at this little city and I
rap for me California and Australia have
beautiful
I think Florida become bias is the best
ones yeah I agree
yeah please do oh she got really fuzzy
because it's so cold oh look so much
cleaner except for this giant Street
greater so we are making the long trip
going to West Palm tonight we were going
to drive tomorrow but it's just so much
more convenient to go and I didn't get a
good night's sleep and it's actually not
too bad it's like a two and half hour
drive but there's nothing out here like
there's this random gas station thank
God it's like Rob what door we aren't ah
I need you just one of my camera I got
my coffee I'm ready to go this kind of
fun I've been doing a lot of little road
trips lately and i love it i'm glad that
i actually get to do this with char
because he's gonna be on tour so much
for the next like two months so this is
a nice like char nelly time so it's been
great fun thirty in the morning in the
club you bumpin bumpin what you think
it's got a girl got a man but the bomb
her blood Sugar's a little low right now
hey
look at we flip it under the freaking
dolphins completely random question I
other than affected Ali Singh in but I
want you guys to tell me in the comments
who was bigger and ce4 Backstreet Boys
because I kind of think it's a toss-up
but I don't really know so one of the
best guys your babies anyway tell me
comments do you guys think it's bigger
it was bigger I literally tweeted this
and it's 5050 it's so funny Valley voice
is beautiful happy birthday dear
Benjamin happy birthday to you got to
the hotel so I'm gonna go to sleep now
and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night hope you
enjoyed today's video bye guys
