good morning Internet I am back in my
hometown of st. Pete and guess where I'm
going to go surprise Hallie 6:00 6:00 in
the morning right now is it 7:00 in the
morning I couldn't sleep all day because
I wanted to get this go home really
quick first off it's raining called that
second off there's that parking lot I'm
always telling you guys and there's the
dog park rulers come with the pups
doesn't crazy we can fit an entire
festival in that field that's where I
feed those squirrels right there hey big
boy there she is
Oh who you what you doing here there's
so many of you what are you doing I've
been hearing you getting in a lot of
trouble lately so we're gonna go to the
Venoy right now for the show and Ally's
gonna go to the Orlando show in the West
Palm Show so that way after West Palm
because we have a day off from 4th of
July we'll come home here and that we
have you know fourth of July home with
the you know with the family
what a vlog do you like to do this every
time I do this take it take it there you
go
go for it go for it you got it
yep that's what your app does do you
like it
Thanks turn that's our first word did
you say Dada Dada Dada Dada really yeah
so I have a little surprise it's our
hometown show we're in st. Pete Florida
I have a little surprise for those two
bands Coley and Collin are the only ones
in on it right now
so they sent us a bunch of their liquor
which has a blend of tequila 100% agave
and a flower called the Damiano flower
which here's a fun fact guys that
damiana flower was used in the original
margarita which gives it that spicy
aroma and that sweet honey taste which
Coley loves already he just wants me to
get these things going right now so
we're gonna make some margaritas nice
perfect ah nice so I just want to say
thank you to alcove arrow for sponsoring
this video and sending a bunch of
bottles to the band ready mix margaritas
Colin you ready hey you guys go
here you go you can have one you want
one you want one you get one there's
another bottle somewhere
Ali's Ali's got the other bottle there
you go let's mix margaritas we got a
nice little mini bar going on well
that's minibar what a fancy cup did you
get a fancy cup jakey do you want one
this is for Jake wait is the rocket ship
over here
oh sorry fell off the ground I'm gonna
pick that up
okay you want one good deliveries a
special drink for Duncan
looks like the party's going strong I
think it was an awesome so as you could
tell we came home really fast because I
had to get some dog food some other
things around the house so it's kind of
nice having the show like right there
and go back and forth
hey relax I've been gone maybe an hour
that's dr. all-star ride do you get your
thing on you got my sandwich we're gonna
take a golf cart ride as best this has
been the best whoop two-hour break ever
all right guys sandwiches puppies and
golf carts see normally Warped Tour
comes through this part of st.
Petersburg a little bit later in the
tour so it's kind of like a halfway mark
but right now we've only been in the
tour what has it been a week week and a
half and now we're already in st. Pete
so it kind of hits awesome because it's
nice little break obviously but it also
kind of sucks because you kind of want
that break halfway through it's now
right now we're like a what what if we
Kurd like to what I was just saying and
now we're already getting that break so
it's gonna feel longer than normal not
that I hate it or anything like that
because I love wolf tour I always say
that I love and I hate Warped Tour it's
the best tour and the worst tour at the
same time I know it's hard to make sense
of that but if you come to walk tour
you're gonna know exactly I mean you're
gonna have a blast
you see all your favorite bands but at
the same time you're like
ready Koli I lost Ali and I lost my mom
where's my mom where's Ali hey give him
he brought over
and it's the gift Jenny brought over oh
there's that sign you got to protect
that son sir I'll block it I'll block it
for my niece there we go
we're good giant entourage
Florida floor today
Oh
I want you to know that with passage
because the most amazing people is what
we appreciate
maybe people that's what we appreciate
before they do something specially now
this is as
my mom
long day so Ali and I gotta go home and
then we're gonna go to Orlando and beat
the bus but I say thank you guys bag of
arrow for giving some of the guys and on
this long freaking treacherous warped
tour making margaritas
so if you guys we're going to check it
out leaks out of the scriptures when I'm
try it yourself owned by some go check
it out and say that we said you yeah I
know I didn't saw that face not supposed
to be up there nice and quiet so we see
what happens when she's quiet yeah
that's the opposite come here mark quiet
mark come on come on probably need your
help get it a play so what I do is I get
so this is what I do I get Zoe all hyper
and then watch anybody dare you
best friends watch this so she has no
idea what I have in my hand I just have
this this all have okay it's a remote
control she's so smart she knows what it
does go this will make it nice and tired
did you give up up well we are currently
on the world's tiniest tour bus with the
hottest tour bus driver get it
we're actually road trippin to Orlando
right now because Holly wanted to do all
the Florida dates so rather than being
tightly confined in a tiny little box we
thought it'd be a little bit more fun to
do this hello road trip so one Orlando
then we're going to Palm Beach or West
Palm Beach a little road trip Florida
road trip now these are driving doing
the hard work I've been editing the vlog
for today but you're watching right now
it's just kind of a it's kind of a
paradox just like any youtuber out there
knows how hard it is to film and vlog
and edit even vlog just like make videos
and edit the videos it's it's not an
easy job for anybody making videos on
YouTube like Addie and that's it you
know one thing I'm still learning is
like
you're not like filming station
we're gonna wanna film like 24 hours a
day especially block the long freakin
log house of smells and eggs I think
we're really yeah we're great a little
bit he's world tired alleys jacked up on
Mountain Dew I'm jacked up about dudes
completely drenched oh I'm jumping you
get a spider boom
internet you don't movie that is tell me
in the comments we're going to educate
Ali on a great movie you don't know
really amazing this Arctic we walked
into the hotel room and it's freezing
considering how hot it's been on the bus
this is amazing
this is not absurd this is amazing might
your blue okay alright guys it's not
that cold you're such a baby okay we're
gonna go to bed
I'm gonna go to bed Ali's gonna freeze
your butt off apparently and tomorrow
walk over there to check how cold it is
because of your baby baby okay I will
see you guys tomorrow hope you enjoyed
today's videos nice to have everyone you
know family family days family family
shows are always really fun they're
always really nerve-wracking because you
have you have everyone you grew up with
you know watching the shows there's a
little extra pressure on that alright
I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a great night bye guys Duncan's
losing his mind
you don't like to shoot graveyard
the little things
