Doug the pug oh and there's Jake but
there's a cute dog I'm definitely not
the cooler one in this image right now
yeah good morning Internet today is
actually a pretty funny day because I
wasn't starting around the golf cart and
I remember one day Hillary just show you
like
so I remember one day this is like one
of the first times ally actually came
out I think it was actually her last day
out here I was running through this gate
right here and there was a security guy
and I was just running right through it
was like security bug busted leg right
there and Ally's running right behind me
and security like almost hat holder I
like too freaked her out
look right here
oh wait
is it good
sexy thank you coming it looks like the
freaking doors are over huh doors are
open I gotta go take this guy back the
line goes all the way up there it's also
where we went under to remember there's
like a little pathway we went and hid
under there for a little bit come back
to the same venues over and over again
memories that like shoot back in your
face you can get back under here
this was the best place last time I was
here just so relaxing it's nice and cool
nohe
kind of peacefulness look at that beauty
there all those plastic bags cue urges
paid you remember in Nashville that
little like hidden little tree yeah you
remember that Creek yeah I'm sitting
under there now there's no security in
the yellows yet as it was number that
gate where I was running and got you in
trouble with security
that's a simple yes
definitely overgrown from two years ago
that's for sure
no this is where spiders are I'm done
with it not interested in anymore it's
really beautiful
we got all the way to there last time
I should at least I'm here right
it's kind of cool to find little holes
in the wall or think wow look at this I
think noses look at this do you guys see
that branch or that root from that tree
or one of those trees came out and
attached to that tree right through that
wall it's pretty nuts and like it came
out and it was like nope I'm gonna go
back in you have to make sure I don't
fall into this tension water
well not disgusting water this is
there's certain parts that are really
disgusting
we have to do in a town
No good afternoon Internet gonna be kind
of a quiet day for me just because I'm
getting a lot of work done I can't
really do too much but where is diesel
though kind of sucks cuz you know how
diesel has his little ear problems well
they are hurting him pretty bad today
and his little ear is bleeding his
people so bad I'm gonna be taking him to
the vet very very soon because I this
seems to happen it was you know every
couple of months and we've changed his
diet we've done everything and kind of
like running out of options and I just
like feel so bad it makes me kind of sad
so I don't know I'm kind of in a funky
mood today so I think I'm gonna stay out
of the videos just a little bit today
but I'm gonna try and take care of this
little guy
and I think I'm gonna have to take
Marley to the vet too because Marley's
got like something going on with like
her stomach and with her like underside
area towards the back like of her legs I
just got a little bites and bumps and
she's been biting herself and just not
getting better and I've been putting in
a mitotic appointment on it and I've
been doing everything that I'm supposed
to be doing but it's just not getting
better and I'm gonna have to take her to
the vet tomorrow - all these puppies are
just not feeling good and it is making
me so worried and oh I hate this I know
they're gonna be okay but I just I hate
seeing them go through these like
allergies I'm being like kind of a
little wrinkly but I just feel so bad
because you know they can't say anything
to you and tell you how they're feeling
so we're gonna go to bed tomorrow my
little love I'm gonna get feeling better
okay I know you don't like it I know you
don't like it but I promise you it's
gonna make you feel better okay oh yeah
you're a good girl
you ready call me ready condo ready
grunts wah we're gonna rushing right now
right now
you moved rise and drop those well your
faces will be like with me accompany as
he politely
I was also looking at that same clip and
I found when Shawn came on the bus and
we started our own four string band
new bands for Strings only for street
guys remember that same day it's so
funny a lot of stuff happened in
Nashville no okay so I changed my mind I
decided to film a little bit more today
I told him I wasn't in a film because I
was kind of in a girl fee mood but now
I'm in a better mood because I am
helping Melissa look how gorgeous she
looks right now by the way guys
and I'm taking some photos and filming
some stuff for her I'm not gonna say
anything because I think it's only
appropriate for Melissa to say it on her
channel so if you really want to know
and you should really want to know
because it's actually amazing go check
out on the Mel Channel but we're gonna
go and take some photos and get some
really pretty shots done someday
thudding I don't know if you guys know
this but I like to take photos she's
very good at it
damn cute try yes you couldn't be I know
I almost finished it but you know you
look great
well it's good after spec they're in
there
thank you
oh yeah
Doug the pug oh and there's Jake but
there's a cute dog I'm definitely not
the cooler one in this image right now
yeah now you can leave sorry I'm holding
him Sally just blur his face if he can
hey hey I wearing your shirt did you
leave it in there no make it feel really
awkward hey papi he's so tired
he's so heavy it looks like he's all
those treats Guzan over
his balls are on my hands I haven't
really gotten into the momentum yet and
I'm working out because I want to do it
the other day
but I drop my freaking camera and kind
of like completely ruined the entire
momentum and mood so I think I want to
try to do it today plus I gotta get rid
of this stupid tank top can see it look
pretty dumb
I'm out here trying to get rid of this
stupid tan with the tribe are you slow
they said
i needa go get some
well I get you some music I got music
like I honestly don't care how many
times I'm on this tour how many shows we
play just the fact that they can break
down these stages and move them to the
next show by tomorrow it's my mom
I'm talking to my lovely lovely fiancee
who looks like stone your blade right
now
you're upside down it's like you're on
the roof yeah yeah anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video I will see
you guys tomorrow we're in Atlanta I
think tomorrow
are we in Atlanta baby one more step and
then we're back to st. Pete so I will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night
take a night out
it's kind of like I'm in Rome
you know guys When in Rome
