she got it I throw but good morning yeah
who didn't see that coming
Marley in the cow manure yeah we'll go
oh you know that whole thing where we
think that we're done with stuff not
gonna happen I feel like these vlogs
it's going to be one of those ever
galleys calling 9-1-1
out her foot your watch isn't working
he's got the best Locker that's right
yeah yeah we got the rest of these
things and hopefully we can finish this
somebody literally bought everything
just when we left so we only get it so I
guess eight seven somebody about 47 bags
I could do math my college education is
great - three it was worth all that
stupid money that just pissed away we
need a pump this is ridiculous man doing
great Ben are you ready three two one
yeah we sprung a leak
this exploded on Ali this morning she
apparently woke up super early and did
all the plugs and I'm literally not
kidding I woke up to Ali screaming
because it like exploded everywhere it's
like the matrix matrix style so that was
funny this is why I love this dog oh she
does not care
just does a dance catching the but don't
care too old for this fall I was trying
to write my name let's see if I can go
backwards so you can see this see that
is yeah that doesn't look like Charles
at all if I can do my signature I'd be
kind of interesting
all right so we can do this can i my
signature
not really though
a little bit better let's just sign
everything kind of forgot what my
signature is see if Marley likes it look
at this dog you see that
alright flash forward finish that and
the plugs are in we'll see what happens
I know it's so boring I apologize guys I
know you've seen this a million times
like I feel oh my god it's just such a
minor thing but okay everyone on the
Internet is just like ah we've seen this
40 times hey sir
yeah the manure so try one doing it more
plugs I feel so bad like I know it is
like not a fun thing to watch cuz it's
not I mean we're doing yard work and
we're fixing up the house somewhere
plugging grass and I'm laying rough but
I don't know it's just something that
has to be done and I don't know if you
guys are anything like me but I am one
of those people that like I have this
idea in my head and I go for it and I
get excited about it and then when it's
done I'm like happy but I feel like I'm
never fully satisfied which makes me
sound kind of like a snack a little bit
but I always feel like there's something
a little bit more that can be done or
something can be placed a little bit
different or we can add a little
something extra to make it like really
pop and it sucks I hate that feeling of
like never really being truly satisfied
with it which is dumb it's so dumb I
have no idea why I am like that and it's
not with everything it's only with
certain things that I'm that way I was
like I'd like what we've done and I'm
happy with what we've done but it never
gets to the point where I'm like yes I
feel fully spinach I feel great I think
we did a great job we don't have to
touch anything I don't know maybe that's
a human thing maybe that's an alley
thing maybe that's a snotty thing I'm
not sure but I just don't want to
half-ass things and that's my biggest
things like I want to whole ask one
thing instead of half-assing multiple
things
anybody knows I'm talking about your
I don't know I just never feel fully
satisfied so I had our hammock which is
I washed and is drying right now so
that's why it looks weird over here and
then I was like oh maybe I'll put the
chairs over here and then we'll throw
the carpet over here but now I don't
know if I like that what is my problem
and obviously Charles is not fully
satisfied with the plugs because he
wants to put more in there what is wrong
with us are you guys doing something
you're not supposed to this is so gross
Charles is out here plugging away I know
I thought I thought it was clever
whatever because you know he's putting
gasp legs like plugs in the ground
anyways we had two dogs over here that
have decided that you know what tastes
really good around five o'clock in the
afternoon when you're outside and you're
laying in the Sun eating the cow manure
I don't understand it's not cow manure
it's like a it's cow manure mixed with
stuff I just whatever away from I don't
know what not accepted these holes right
there eating food and he's not listening
so I smacked him in the butt and it got
scared and when I did that I scarce did
he scare the poo out of you oh no Marley
don't do it get out of here get to but
out here and apparently this one's
rolling in everything so she's gonna
love us later I mean I like that though
it looks good right I'm digging it but I
don't know if I like that I think we
might pull this back over here I'm not
sure though this doesn't work
I wouldn't do the side yet you know what
we're talking about right then you know
what we're talking about this has just
been like a never-ending project that
has been gone on going for I don't even
how many two years maybe do you guys
remember more than a couple of logs back
where we filled this all in with grass
yeah
we have no idea it just will not grow
here at all and unfortunately our lot of
people when they come through they come
through here so this got a little messed
up but it's not too bad and that's one
of my failed attempts I don't know it's
just nothing grows here we don't know
why obviously we have to fix our fence
this isn't over a little rough but we
cannot get anything to grow here so what
we're thinking is possibly kind of doing
the same thing that we did down there
fixing that a little bit and extending
it but we're not sure at this point we
don't even use over there so is that
pointless why spend the money you're not
actually gonna be over there but then it
goes back to my whole point of like
we're never fully satisfied and I feel
like if I don't get that complete that
I'm still gonna be unsatisfied that's a
seed are a pod from up there one of
those guys like once it's done then what
are we gonna do next
relax in our house finally feel settled
what I mean yes I want to fix over there
too and there's so many things I want to
do you never know it's just I think that
the sprinklers don't hit oh you better
get away go go go go okay so how you
feeling better
you're white again you know it smell
like cow manure lick your nose
good girl lick your lips don't lick your
lips
you want to do it don't you lick your
lips it's so funny you look so sad those
office they make you feel guilty no
matter what well guys we are going to be
ending our night use such a day of
craziness and our personal lives today I
know you guys were enjoying every single
moment of that poopy situation but on a
more serious note obviously if you guys
are following the news you know the
today marks like a very important and
pivotal day in history guarding all of
the school walkouts that occurred all
over Florida all over the US and it was
very powerful and it was very sad but
again it was just a very very powerful
thing that happened today you know we
were actually talking to a young girl
who is a CTFxC and she as scary as it
sound she actually went through a school
shooting herself and she was actually
hurt in the school shooting that
occurred at obviously her school and
just talking to her today about
everything and how strong she was and
just being able to recover after such an
incredibly terrifying and life-changing
moment and still having a smile on her
face was the most amazing thing I don't
know I don't think I could ever be as
strong as she was knowing that that
happened it was damning up I can't even
imagine the fears that are brought back
for her but kept saying you know I wish
there was something that I could do oh
she was some type of change that I could
make personally and I think that you
know brings up a point like what can we
do to make a change in this world I mean
with with violence and hates and I think
that instead of I'm of I'm a person that
I feel like we need to change we need to
change and I say that a lot I'm the type
of person that speaks it but I don't
think that I reciprocate the action
enough you know I don't I don't put into
action the actual action of making a
change that was something that kind of
was made clear to me after having this
conversation with her about how people
keep saying we need to make changes we
need to make changes that knows you
are made and today I think marked one of
those big pivotal changes something that
is a step forward in the movement of
changing the life of so many kids in
this lives of so many people and I agree
yeah it's terrifying I think what's
interesting about this unfortunate
shooting is that it's publicized
socially like social networks like very
example like we were talking to this
girl and she was explaining the doors
345 mass shootings and Madison team in
2017 and how many of you heard of you
heard baby one it was a couple there's
just a couple but I heard of one yeah
was the country music anything that's
the only one I ever heard of mainstream
so this one's really interesting to me
because with this one it's kind of hard
you know the news is like once they do
stories doesn't matter what it is how
horrific it is you know whatever they
only will talk about it for X amount of
time and then it goes away like for
example like I think relevance relevance
yeah it's like very short coming when it
comes to TV but then here is Lea you're
the 12:22 here's the the conundrum how
is it relevant if people want to talk
about it I agree so it's like it's this
thing where it kind of gets pushed aside
when it should be something that's
talked about like obviously this kind of
 shouldn't be happening ever let
alone 345 and one year I mean like you
take that and then you take the the
situation now and everyone's on social
media there's snapchat there's Instagram
there's Twitter and I mean these have
been around for a while but I feel like
now they're being utilized and a way to
where they're powerful things can it be
ignored and like even it's like CNN Fox
News ABC all these other outlets stop
talking about it stop broadcasting it
it's not going to go away
no and I think that's what's really
interesting and amazing about like I
don't want to say about a horrific event
but I think this is going to be the one
that it's gonna make a huge crater but
this is one moment where like I am my
heart for
not just Millennials but I'm like so
proud of the stance that the Millennials
are taking and how strong they are and
how like determined they are to make a
change because can you imagine going to
a place where you are supposed to feel
safe and you go there to learn and you
go there to make friends and then you go
there to be complaining because you
don't want to do your homework and you
don't want to take a test and now these
kids have to fear for their life it's
horrific it's a hole it's disgusting I
don't know I just think that today is a
very powerful day in history I'm so
proud of the younger generation I'm so
proud of the world today for so many
people standing up for what they believe
in and what they feel is right I love
that there is such a there's a much
stronger voice you know what I mean
there's a much stronger voice nowadays
with people and that's why I also I'm
like so proud of like the platforms that
we're on and that we're a part of them
that people have access to like YouTube
like snapchat like disability yeah and
they have this these platforms now where
they can say oh you want us to shut up
and we're not going to shut up anymore
and we're going to get to the bottom of
this and we're going to make a change
because we have to and we have that
option we have that opportunity you know
I mean I agree honestly guys I want to
know what you guys think about the whole
situation
and if you guys are in school like how
this affected you and if you're not in
school how to affect you yeah you know I
don't think that there isn't one person
that isn't affected by something like
this yeah no I agree
I hate ending videos like this amazing
powerful day in history yeah yeah not
negative I want to know if you guys were
part of the walkout that's that's
actually I just popped in my head I want
you guys to tell me in the comments if
you were part of the walkout I want to
know how that happened I want to know
how that occurred like cuz you know like
I'm just genuinely curious like did
everyone in this class just be like
alright it's time to go I'm very curious
the teachers say alright guys now it's
time to go get out of here do the thing
it's not just a kids Mountain
teachers teachers were involved okay so
on a stupidly sidewindin point that
stupid doom game I beat it
1:30 in the morning I finally beat the
boss I mean thank screamed and yelled
and I thought something that was going
on but
no guess why do you just beat the game I
just beat the devil or beat the devil
you didn't beat the game I didn't a game
now but rate on that note don't forget
to subscribe guys and I will look for
all your stuff in the comments I can't
wait to read it so have a great night
bye guys
