more guys as you can see correct the
doctor but this time is the deaths of
that doctor today I think where he gives
her final boosters she went to get laid
she was like four pounds last time I
want to say she's 6 1/2 pounds that's my
guess
in the comments right now how heavy is
she that's a 6 maybe 6 1/2 we are at
John's path today we're hanging out with
my brother and Caitlin get an ice cream
nice and early you guys know that I'm
not having ice cream person but this ice
cream too long but we're walking around
it's such a beautiful day this is the
place the hut we have to eat here if
we're gonna eat something it's so good
like 60 high 60s and it's just a
beautiful I used to work in John past a
long time ago I feel like I've told you
it's at least the right times but it
worked it overhead but it's amazing to
see how much this place has changed
since I worked here which was many many
many many years ago yeah it's so much
different so much different so much
different could you would know you look
super key with that hat on you were like
living the dream girl she's like I got
all my toys I got my hat I got my
chauffeur hider back is this great my
life is complete and I'm in heaven
well totally off she's four point eight
pink the last time was I thought she was
a little bit bigger but she was three
point one last time so she's four point
eight and she's freaking long I don't
even know how long she is you growing up
cat Oh No
who knows too much
you know too much are you having the
moon look at that face what is that
who's that right there Ron Rica you're
free you're free
no more rabies shots she's not back she
is not happy with me right now she's got
the cutest little hat
it's a cute little reversible hat now I
love this dresser is that not the
coolest is beautiful
I actually was able to go to overhead
and catch up with my friend Brian he's
the owner he's actually been like a
really good friend of mine for a very
very long time I feel so lucky to have
found a job where I still keep a close
relationship with the people that I've
worked with so I caught up with him and
he's doing really really good but it was
just nice to kind of like walk around on
this beautiful day it's a little
overcast now but the sun is shining and
it was gorgeous out we walked along the
water and I don't know about you guys
but I love love the smell of the sea I
just freaking love this salty smell and
I know something like it smells like
fish that's crows why would you like
that but I don't know I love it baby
it's the Pisces in me I just absolutely
got some ice cream and chilled and it
was absolutely perfect he does right
there whoa what gets it there it is
we just went to the store because we're
gonna do like a little dinner tonight
it's my brother Zack last official night
in town great timing Tom we want to get
home it's gonna be rad tacular
let the battle begin there's a baby in
the sink and two scrub-a-dub-dub oh oh
oh that probably feels so good she's
like oh yeah this is it this is what you
spa she loves it Bob baby go home right
now
excuse me I want to kiss the bird well
done be so sweet charlie only comes hang
out for the food you guys do not know
this Sam's Club makes the best pizza
ever
I know it sounds crazy but they're so
delicious and they're like actually
really inexpensive like seven bucks look
how big 16 inches it's the biggest pizza
in the world
oh I hope that's what she said we
noticed that during the holidays we eat
so much more than we've ever ate earlier
you know I'll do it after the new year
after the new year that's the way to do
it hi jars like first he was just in the
dip now he's into the cookies like yeah
totally agree with you dude don't you
dare put that on there Charles that's
the nastiest thing I've ever seen
that's so gross drop by the scene
that's disgusting I wouldn't do it yeah
you should probably make it into a
cookie sandwich I dare you to do that
like take two cookies and then put that
in between it okay Pete in the new
mirror one is Gary you should do it oh
my gosh there's no way I can do more
that well you can I'll give you a
cutting board and they can just leave
all that she's on the cutting board
okay you got it dude baby are you
playing call of duty babe you're playing
call of duty Tom you can't do that won't
listen to me Tom you get suspended from
a video game team deathmatch point ally
and I currently play in what world World
War 2 call of duty at Langley I
officially suck not moving either okay
that's right don't do that just him yeah
that's up in there messing me up
oh shoot sorry kill me yeah probably
gonna have Pilates
that's bra gonna happen a lot on my news
on my team just shoot everyone because I
know what I'm doing anything we see at
Louis's shoot if it is from I'm not a
killer I'm a lover see somebody keeps
killing me and I don't never behind now
you might want to look come on now you
can do this
that's what she said
Frankie could talk to cats
let's hear probably see Frankie could do
it again second right I think you
insulted her no she likes Kelly it's
uncle tio Gary the snail I don't know
going for the classics now yeah we're
playing Golden Gun because that's the
way to do it any other time not no
that's not how you doing Frank and I had
Golden Gun who's winning okay
four three so you pretty much just like
walk for you like just kind of
guesstimate I guess for you to press
this and it pulls that out I didn't like
that oh I forgot that was up here from
Roswell completely we got that so if
he's down to one bullet
this is callaghan's first time ever
playing this game right there
yes 46
do i oh no I don't even go to your body
all right we had to switch to a more
friendly game although I was just 4 and
0 the Freki overtook me finally the only
reason why I'm decent at the statist if
I have a little sister and I used to
kick her ass in this game what is the
best Nintendo 64 game we gotta take that
one out because everyone knows that's
alright well thank you are you mean
serious I mean you're literally playing
one right now
no I don't know I'm never gonna be
starfox that was the first rumblepack
before your day there Callie alright so
before I forget guys I just have to say
thank you to a couple of the CTFxC plus
patreon people first one Johnny bullets
ariana demo cleansing aka with Anna
Mitchell gray Tyler Stillwell and Ricky
Solberg so I just want to say I got out
of the couch I just want to say thank
you guys so much for being a part and
just helping the CTFxC so thank you you
guys are awesome
the ball is broken I have no idea what
happened to the ball now I give up
this is why we can't have nice things
say goodnight Doug is nuts
and so is this being good down there
here it is being good you can't steal
and that note I will see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to subscribe and
have a wonderful wonderful night bye
guys
