good morning Internet you know there we
go
never very pleasant getting out of these
things by the way have you guys met
Colin that's calling Colin's helping us
out so first things first they have my
laundry dropped off at the Duncan as
well because I would be home at a couple
days and I was thinking about it like
well I could do my laundry at home but
I'd rather just kind of like relax and I
have to stress with that you know when I
get home so well temporary home I guess
I should say drop that off check this
out did just knock this whole section of
the building out it's like a tornado
just came right through here kind of
interesting as you guys are already
probably guessing today we have a day
off and we're in Nashville Tennessee
tomorrow playing in Nashville I always
have a hard time trying to figure out
things to do
day offs just because I'm not used to
the city and I can only go as far as
like a goober can take me just in
elevator right now
but there's so fun looking very big news
today we got our new furniture we got
new furniture so we got a new furniture
why you guys like it don't shake your
head you like it so there's our new
couch I love it and this is our new
coffee table very nice
Marley can still lay underneath it's so
much bigger than the other stuff but
then we also got this because we're
going to be getting rid of that' with
the air and obviously the couch and yeah
I love it it's so pretty you like it Dee
but I feel like it really brightens up
the house and it looks so nice like I am
alone Oh like I I look crazy because
I've been helping there movers all day
and they did a amazing thing for us so I
see you guys nothing I got the couch
downstairs
yesterday I could not and anyway plus
we'll get the other couch upstairs and
they actually furniture you rock and
then this is not promotion guys I'm just
like blown away that they actually
helped me do this and they got this
couch up here so what I'm going to do is
I'm gonna rearrange up here so that this
fits and looks a little bit better there
it is it's freaking huge
without massive that thing is
it's kind of like I'm in Rome you know
guys like win and Rome let them do so
ago Kings say enormous
did not expect that
so each one of these doors
one feet thick thick a fault
crazy over that is probably elephants
that was out two or three elephants
yeah like nerdy stuff like this school
of museums
two landmarks
that's totally what I'm all about
this must be the other door there's
seven half times but just open
everything I think it was
not getting through that door you guys
already noticed about me I like a super
history buff I'm just a nerd about like
museums and things like that so Danny
told me about the park come on and the
first thing I did was I looked how far
it was and I got in the car and that's
why I'm here right now unless the
biggest nerd other bus so that's why I'm
here right now everyone else's I have no
idea where one else's that depend of all
my days off is that everyone goes
different ways
so it's kind of hard to keep track of
everybody I always wonder how they build
things like that day like I understand
that sculpting is itself already crazy
they cannot farm literally an art form
but when it gets to points like this
huge like the Statue of Liberty things
like that I just can't I can't
understand it like that becomes just
like a construction job that's like
random destruction I guess could be
considered our form to it but it's not
like the sculpture is not art it's
literally construction which I guess if
you think about construction if another
form itself - that just blows me away
give me the apps
so here is the beautiful before picture
before warp tour comes in and well takes
over there's beautiful grass and
beautiful trees not that trees every
disappear but it's so funny because
every time they have a concert here this
field kind turns into like one of those
giant sand pits hit picnic ok home tours
but it's ok it's ok but it's kind of
cool just to see like the here's the
before I guess you could say so here's
the before you're gonna see the after on
Friday
do you want to see what I'm looking at I
transported myself to Rome bed there
were a couple kids over there like
skateboarding and the this old lady came
in it was like do you know there's a
couple kids skateboarding out there and
I walked out there and they were like
these kids that were 8 8 8 years old 9
years old just like skateboarding back
and forth they weren't even that
grinding or doing anything crazy so I
walked out there and I was like hey
brother you guys might want to just
maybe run away really fast cuz they're
calling security on you like what what I
was like yeah man just wanted to give
you a heads up really quick so they ran
really fast they they weren't even doing
anything they were just going back and
forth it kind of upset me a little bit I
know
okay I was just talking with Ali
obviously it's now starting to rain okay
great
imagine I was gonna hide in my little
home for now this can't be any worse
than last night it got pretty intense
actually and then we got stupid and we
went outside and took more photos idiots
yes it is those things that if it's
awful so melissa is on her way over with
tyson cuz she is going to go into the
game tonight with one of her friends so
he's gonna hang out with us this evening
but he's never himself because the dogs
have been missing us a little bit since
we've been traveling so much so I said
why not have a big ol puppy party yet
again over here so they'll be nice what
to do Duncan a favor and pick up his
laundry
as well as mine at the same time and my
phone is about to die and I had no idea
where I'm at and I can't seem to get a
car to come over here so we're gonna be
playing the guessing game on whether or
not I get back just gotta be patient
this is me practicing patience right now
I found out they did all the sheets too
so it's actually a nice day nice clean
day what I want to go turn on my light
it's broken but I also discovered the
DVD player has a frickin light so with
the downs there's always an up
I literally just came home and I have no
idea how he got up there I have no hang
on how did you get up here boy I cannot
believe he got upstairs it's just like
blowing my mind blowing my mind all
right what are you doing I get it okay
it has been just kind of a weird like
low-key day I got some things done
there's a beautiful sunset and I just
had to kind of walk over here just we're
parked right here I hadn't walked over
here I was like driving everywhere else
okay that's a beautiful shot
what's to buy Olin horn on that one
so Ali might be on the other side of the
country but we were able to still watch
the sunset together
my sunsets better than your sunset
oh it's right you're an hour ahead
aren't you so you're in the future
mildly in the future so I got off the
bus he's gonna go take a shower and I
was just like no one's looking I was
like doing this squeaky thing I couldn't
figure it out
well Olga obviously is Olga what's so
crazy because like you were just walking
like Charles isn't done what is
happening so a little in town for one
day and she's like you hear I'm like no
I'm here so close
very small all right well literally
everything is closed so I have no idea
what I'm gonna eat maybe I left
something on the bus so I'm gonna say
good night guys hope you enjoy today's
video and I will see you tomorrow
yeah we're playing Nashville so don't
forget to subscribe and have a great
night bye guys
like I used to it middle school
