Hey
Wow oh really
very cool really that long ago yeah
that's crazy good morning guys I am in
New Orleans right now and I just want to
show you guys part of the line it's like
9 o'clock 9:30 in the morning and it's
already know if you could see it that
long it goes all the way down there to
pass that building so I always tried to
do like cool local things when I'm on
tour like you guys already know that
look at this is the first cool thing I
saw
and it reminds me of like the Brer
Rabbit so I'm in New Orleans I'm trying
to find the French quarters right now I
actually think I'm getting quite close I
thought two miles wasn't that long it
was long so it's been raining literally
all day and we have kind of been cooped
up inside not been able to do anything
and well we have a lot of sunshine
inside we just haven't actually been
able to go outside so before I go and
pick up diesel I'm gonna go take the
girls for a little bit for a little walk
cuz they've been so cooped up and I feel
so terrible and then I gotta continue
cleaning because I like just like
mopping and sweeping all floors getting
underneath here I gotta do all that cuz
we're getting our new furniture tomorrow
so I wanna make sure the house is ready
to go so not like scrambling tomorrow
but I am so excited so I'm trying to
find st. Louis cemetery number one which
has that pyramid the Mackay's pyramid or
what was once the Glacial Cage's pyramid
got to see couple years ago and I was
wanting to look Danny knocked on and
started the whole bad luck the bad luck
thing so I gotta go in apologize for
Danny basically they just stop all the
bad luck found it now I just gotta hope
it's open or somebody's here is like
working and I can living in although
it's kind of a creepy place
it's really pretty yeah damn it you can
see this actually was 12 feet at one
point and it sank down that much weight
so this is the most the second visit Sal
this is number one I did not know that
so that's still make ages tomb Danny so
sorry
oh wait no this is the thing he knocked
it was right here that thing right there
you knocked that you know like the
Plessy vs. Ferguson cases that's him
right there as his grave this place is
incredibly intense
and I guess that's the oldest one so we
went walking in like downtown st. Pete
and this is actually where work tours
gonna be on Friday and it looks like
they're already setting up for it so
funny like last year the year before I
like rains so bad so it was all muddy
and gross and they tried switching the
date that's here to see if maybe by
doing that would be a little bit better
but and all I see we're not really sure
so let's let's be hopeful that this year
it's not as crappy as it was well you
know with the rain two years to go all
right so I managed to talk my way into
that see there's like a funeral going on
so they didn't let anyone go in but I
managed to get there just in the nick of
time
and I got to go see all the things I had
to apologize for Danny since he wasn't
here and I got to see Nicholas Cage's
tomb this place I'm telling you guys if
you're ever New Orleans the cemetery was
it st. Louis cemetery number one that's
what it is
come here is this it's such a fast it's
from 1799 1799 so long ago so now I
gotta get back to the bus the guys asked
me to pick up some alcohol but I didn't
want to walk back because it was so
freakin long but then I remembered
Charles you're freaking in New Orleans
everywhere sells alcohol Oh gas station
I walked up to him like hey you know the
nearest liquor store and I looked up
behind him where they usually have
cigarettes oh okay so I'm going to be
the hero on the bus for today oh we got
the whole puppy brigade hello everyone
so basically what we're gonna do is put
the black couch up here which means I
have to move all of this by tomorrow
well actually I have to move all of it
tonight
by myself
I really struggled with the chair which
is 32 the size of this couch so I have
no idea what the hell I'm gonna do but
I'm going to work my magic and see if I
can move it ever so slightly into the
bedroom coley yoga you happy there buddy
I'm more than a BU I come on the bus as
I got freakin heroes just clinging them
away that little shot glasses it's so
amazing
so by I thought I'm going to attempt to
get this down sir that it's not gonna
fit in that other room so I'm a little
bit nervous because I'm moving an entire
couch entire counts by myself I'm
thinking this is probably a bad idea but
I'm gonna try so I might be having like
a major blonde moment thinking that I
can conquer something that I probably
won't be up to but hey here's hot guys
let's see what I can do
my hair can barely fit the screen that's
that's crazy
that's Dave talking volume he wouldn't
pay a lot of money for that like it
doesn't go down it's just good you know
it all around it goes I can flip it over
I want to go down the middle part like I
used to in middle school was that
recording okay that's going ever I don't
think I've ever really done it before
and I wanted to show you this
there's a part of me that wants to go in
there and see what's in there look
Amanda Thomas not only are they wearing
the gear which she has a look how she
did it though do maybe a new line that's
how that's how I notice them that and
they were peeking over the washrooms put
a warp tour this year managed to do and
meet charm maybe I'm dope
every damn time I never look where I get
out of the bus where the bus is all I
know
those are smokestacks it's really
both of that
lost every damn time I was opposed to
start to look the same after a while I
hope I sounded really really dramatic
but I have to be so bad I'm looking for
I put my clothes on the outside of it so
that way I can actually hell with
believe it or not were actually inside
this is where catering today
and it looks like the entrance to the et
ride if you guys remember that
you know me guys I had to do my
traditional piece in the mosh pit
no it's like to each their own with
music but it just cracks me up every
time I think you see that right they
literally looks like this one beat
hopefully that brought a little smile to
your face do I have a baseball hat yeah
I can replace a wiffle ball that's a
good hat though actually sure
back
literally this activist possibly be
I think Duncan's look this nuggets have
hidden star that small
what can be real
either that bad
Oh
we started with five we're down to two
already we've been playing maybe six
minutes
yeah that's right here
we're waiting on a train to apparently
come by
it's coming up
the long one Oh oh my god dude
there she is there she is there she goes
it's warm
I've always wondered it's this warm it's
not hot at all we're watching Crocodile
Dundee and Chris is telling us
everything is wrong with this movie to
remember it Chris is from Australia so
we throw boomerangs they have messages
attached to read the message baby it's a
humorous
there is
Wow so Koli and I are out here just
chillin watching the lightning just
hanging out what really sucks is
watching everyone gets stuck out there
though
Wow I feel like a kid on that one yeah
well guys I'm gonna go to bed I hope you
enjoyed today's video I will see you
guys tomorrow there's a little fire guys
I'm gonna at the back here bro yeah and
that's just like pardon
Danya are trying to get back into our
workout resident no you should do it
where I get her super
