good morning Internet
what we like to call and you guys
probably know the name
The Breakfast Club set which means we're
doing early which is
to disguise that because there's like an
80 or 90% chance of like lightning and
rain so this is probably gonna be a good
idea this is gonna go us yellow card and
then we've got Gloria thing
actually been lucky right look it's the
memories guys this was a parking lot
when we got that boomerang I believe and
Danny almost hit that Lexus and Mercedes
that was right there in the parking lot
remember that gate an idea it was a
scary time that guy was big
dude let's get
so we had a nice early day today so now
I'm just trying to find some fun things
to do they would go to the immersed and
meet up with everyone around - so I told
you guys earlier that every time or
every day what we're gonna do is each
person's going to tweet when they're
actually going to be at the merch table
so that way we can all just like don't
you guys don't have to miss too much a
warp tour and you can actually go see
the bands you want to then run over to
the first table so one of those do and
far between places where the venue's
actually next is something we can walk
to this target right here looking for a
liquor store obviously for me that's I
got it I got to stop drinking I have a
problem I'm actually he's doing it with
me - I forgot Trav's not drinking oh
good I am back in Florida and it looks
like it's gonna rain I'm currently going
to pick up Melissa because she dropped
off the car at the rental place and then
I'm grabbing the girls and I have so
much work that I have to do when I get
back home I actually got home and I was
like editing vlogs something not
happening answering emails I didn't even
get to sleep when I got home so I'm a
little tired I just say the least just a
little bit tired but we have some new
furniture that's coming like today so I
have to like clean the house I do
laundry I'm going through the grocery
store I've got a good dog but I got so
much stuff that I have to do it thinking
same and so crazy I gotta find something
fun to play with with walls that's what
you get
every bet that tradition and that's
wiffle balls good and bad I guess so on
that the power that thing has it's
delicious though makes me want to start
drinking alcohol again it was like that
little bit - that's good for you
Trevon I got matching shirt
that's on high all right so how do you
guys hi girls
hi mom I I have to get the biggest thank
you to Marlene she is by far one of the
most incredible women I've ever known in
my entire life not only did she watch
the dogs and take care of them and drive
down to pick them up but she even helped
out and cleaned up our house a little
bit and I had to tell you I was killing
it every single time because I always
like I wonder - relax whenever she comes
over but that woman is just so got her
heart is so big and she just does so
much so more lean if you're watching
this I love you so much and you do away
too much for us but I love you I love
you and I owe you dinner big time all
right so this is proves that even though
Danny's in the back of the stage doesn't
mean he's not rocking out look at this
I have to show you guys hands you gonna
put some super glue on that burrito yeah
there's this stuff we're like pretty
much just attaches like a bunch of
plastic or whatever glue so you can't
feel like that hurts back in the day
before on this is like 15 technologies
and love flee from Red Hot Chili Peppers
for literally just bootlegs someone made
a name brand they're like four blisters
and it's just super glue yeah
someone at the back here and throw yeah
and that's she's like hardened in the
way Danny are trying to get back into
our our workout regimen that we used to
do we're gonna get our super jet clubs
back yeah so you know what I see Ali
she's like yeah yeah
the other prints off right now we have
item
I want to go work out drop the camera
the lens is not stock awesome and then I
want to go try using those like rubber
band things I want to do that and smack
to hit me in the face so good day
luckily there's a Best Buy like I think
maybe five minutes away
apparently they don't have it here and I
have to go like 30 more minutes out like
I said Sugarland Texas and yeah I don't
know where that is
but thank God the GPS says
I made a friend this is Omar over here
he watches the videos and he's gonna see
if we have we the Kings over here and
the we the King section we're gonna call
the we the King section let's go I'm
glad you guys still carry music ya know
it's actually the good thing right there
I've got to say this this warp tour
started to turn into like our childhood
our high school period
with nouvelle or yellow card funny
looking kid I would show you okay they
show yeah whatever
Daniel eyes first show ever as a band
about this band but just as they been
musicians these were this was baby
Charles baby daddy inspired by these
damn seven watching down
you
kind of wanted to escape back here in
the back lounge for once there's like
really no one back here so I kind of
have it all to myself like I have the
whole boss I kind of wanted to talk a
little bit because I know the I don't
feel like I've been able to actually
just gonna talk and vlog I can normally
get to do because the tour vlogs or I
should say say Warped Tour vlogs are
just always a little bit different
because they're always so chaotic and I
just wanted to say hi and I hope you
guys are enjoying the videos because
this stuff means a lot to me like
touring is something that I've always
wanted to do when I get to meet you guys
one of the coolest things that happened
rate today the realization not only
because of some forms playing and that
was one of the bigger bands like you
know other than blink-182 all those
other bands like that I wanted to be in
a band so now to be able to share
literally the same stage as them it's
kind of like no it actually is it
actually really is it's really a dream
come true
and it happened again today at the 10th
when I was signing and picking photos of
all you guys because I was signing a
ticket for Warped Tour you know it's one
of the world tour tickets the ticket
stubs I guess do what he called and I
was signing it
and I I kind of stopped and I thought to
myself and I can't remember the young
lady's name I apologized she probably
knows exactly what I'm talking about
I just kind of looked at it I was like
this is cool it's like what and I'm like
just you know this is cool
I remember going when I was in Warped or
going to work for asking bands for
signatures on my ticket stub I still
have like Guttermouth no effects bands
like that Pennywise the Vandals like
sign ticket stubs and not only do I get
to you know play walk tour but now I get
to play on the main stage which is a
crazy dream but I also get to sign a
ticket stub for you guys and meet you
guys
and just that alone blows my mind
it's just blows my mind I honestly
there's very few words that could really
honestly describe how I feel when that
kind of stuff happens it's an
indescribable feeling I'm gonna be like
wanting the top right now because
because I feel like it's sometimes very
chaotic on tour vlogs and I know a lot
of people always want me to come home
you know they missed the home vlogs and
they don't like the port logs and I
understand I can respect that
but I would like you to think about it
from my perspective that I'm really
honestly living a dream of mine and this
is such a cool feeling and I get to
share that not only with myself or my
family and my best friends but you guys
why are the best friends and I think
that's it gives me goosebumps literally
I get goosebumps look it I'm getting
your back kidding I got goosebumps it's
it's it's all I can say all right I'm
gonna see what everyone's to do it no
we're sappy stuff so smart
and now they all come running just like
here I just proves that you never grow
up
wait you can't focus can't find you
it's fining you are it is it found you
you look beautiful babe put your hat on
that's what you do every time I everyone
sees you with a half you know you have
the dirty hair
now you guys know she said it first she
said it she just said it you guys can
hear it yeah up dirty hair see she she's
telling you right now I'm gonna go back
to the bus and just watch a movie kind
of fall asleep Sun kind of beat me up so
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe have a
wonderful wonderful night bye guys
