ask yourself this do you think you'd win
a fight with your clone himself good
morning Internet and I mean literally
good morning it's like 3:00 in the
morning with all agencies tour buses
everywhere we're all kind of stopping to
get our little supplies that we do at
Walmart in the middle of the night
the only place that's never opened you
definitely need some interesting people
that's late at night doing the shot like
who else in the right mind has to do
shopping I guess other than traveling
this is Hans
sit say hi buddy there's our bus driver
he's
definitely I want to be doing this right
now always like completely asleep but I
know if I don't eat it I'm gonna be
starving all these notes nuts and
berries late at night right now me too
it really is gonna funny because Koli
Koli and I overhear you guys and your
pop-tarts I'm trying to stay relatively
healthy got some good boats and some
berries actually I had neither of those
oh hello fancy seeing you here
I've said this before another like tour
vlogs it's always so funny like doing
these late-night stops like right after
a show because you can see all the tour
buses and everyone doing the exact same
thing just stocking up on food and the
buses are growing so good well
technically it's the afternoon let's
just be honest
Melissa and I we just parked that's
walking out of a weird area right here
and we are heading off to the I guess I
don't know if it's the Pride Parade
today but it is Pride Week here in
Kentucky and we are going to go and
check it out
how'd they do it here good old
traditional barbecue
I walked or get ready for the first one
I think all right don't tell guys
sometimes that's the cleanest quickest
way just go in the women's restroom have
like a girl go before you see if there's
anyone in there if not you're in the
clear guys restrooms are the most
disgusting thing on earth then you take
that for a bunch of sweaty dudes it's
even more gross
girl I'm telling wedding who's actually
the wedding
is all this I want the fan I think a
couple years ago this was the venue that
Matthew Lillard but you know shaggy from
scooby-doo actually came on our bus and
hung out with us that doesn't look good
just asked every when I thought about
this last night think about this guys
with your clothes your clothes off equal
fight without any variables like you're
it's like you're like a couple of smash
brothers you're the exact same yeah you
one of those things were like understand
both walk outside I was thinking about
this last night while I was editing I
was like I should probably wake everyone
up with this mind boggling question you
and me says yes but the reality of our
thing
punch each other at the same time
another gear down right so you know
we're just one round down by the river
and Deanna and Dillon have stopped by to
say hello and I'm just talking to them
about Cincinnati and how pleasantly
surprised we were how beautiful it is
here
again I don't mean that in a mean way
but yeah so hey cool thing you know we
are how do you and it's so I don't like
blows our mind we are moving like CTFxC
years left and right all over and
they're stopping by the same hello
I just love like being in such a
positive place so beautiful some
beautiful colors so many people coming
together but socially and maybe things
like
and guys I'm Duncan I got a question for
you asked everyone do you think you'd be
able to beat yourself in a fight your
clone yourself I think so
I think I could yeah your exact clone
self I really think I could be my own
self would you be evenly matched though
that's a good point
that's why I'm so for my clone with
David if you beat me - so it would be
maybe we both like do what punch each
that each that's what I look what
Frankie's got you know by the way it's
raining right now so he's the only one
in the pits gonna be smart with a nice
dry camera so we might be using his
camera for today starts raining
sprinkling right house we have to get
under the stage
and then we'll get me clear hopefully
you can there's lightning we have the
cancel but I can't
a few times you actually learned
something at work buddies so what time
may be going on in same place we have an
awesome concert going on over here as
well we have another Brendan Snape see
this blank is going on
so we just got done with the Pride
Parade in Cincinnati and it was so great
so hot I was one impressed by the amount
of people that were out there wearing
these like extravagant outfits that were
covering them from head to toe I don't
even know how they did it because I was
dying in my little short shorts and my
shirt and my hat I was dying we just had
such a great time walking around and you
know supporting sporting love guys just
supporting love because that is what it
is all about so like I told you guys I'm
always gonna go to 10th a random times
right there the nerd came with a double
hug on this one oh man I love you so
much
there we go this one's got to be traps
the basket no I got the basket on there
yet actually you got of is actually this
evening they're having like a float like
whatever like you know barbecue
the type of thing the problem is the
root beer floats are not what I
drink which kind of sucks but for
everyone else there's Kevin Lyman right
there in the Hat you ever see him that's
Kevin Lyman he's actually the guy who
runs walk closer without him we wouldn't
have walked or
everyone's talking about the votes
you're already in there I already habit
of loud you guys always know Sean in the
vlogs however I I'm pretty sure you guys
already know this yellow card made an
announcement it's not warped or this
will be your last or right
the world
so if you guys didn't know it's very sad
yellow card will be splitting up so will
you announce those four dates oh yeah if
you go to yellow card we have everything
up this our last work tour
lucky number seven I want you guys to
all go watch yellow card on their next
tour and tell Sean I said hi so you're
gonna get bombarded by a lot of you okay
thank you so we're done San Antonio is
now over day three rounds little cope it
I love it donar Drock go
so fun right I don't know why it took us
this long to get scooters for a warp
tour I feel like we're idiots wait that
one doesn't have the Bell
I come out back and Callie and Koli
idiot they either broke something or
they're fixing audio issues here so you
broke my toe this is why I say outside
sometimes they come on the bus and some
crazy well guys I'm so sorry for the
crazy hair but that's exactly overnight
it's going in the gun we are driving
back to Florida right now it is about
11:05 p.m. we're not going to get back
in till 8 a.m. so we just want to go
ahead and say goodnight thank you guys
so much for watching if you guys are
brand new make sure that you do hit that
subscribe button and you know what I
like
now we'll see you tomorrow bye 1 2 3
