good morning Internet Dave official one
of Warped Tour
I've already been cutting the sleeves of
pretty much every one of my shirt
so that way make sense so we are off to
go shopping go figure two girls in a
town with nothing to do what do you do
go shopping so we're going to go find
Melissa a dress and I'm probably gonna
find something too let's just be honest
and we have to be back on center time
because obviously we have the wedding of
Tyler and Hayley's having to beg and
it's super super exciting another super
exciting thing is first day at work or
before doors we got a new biker gang
member and I actually got the seat won
this time it sucks
guess what we're in Ohio Sonia this is
exciting very exciting what you guys did
not just is we went over the quote
unquote original Brooklyn Bridge so this
bridge the Brooklyn Bridge was based off
of this / - correct the guy who built
the Brooklyn Bridge also built this
bridge but he built this one first there
we go guys
but obviously the Brooklyn Bridge like
most said is bigger but it's very very
cool
learned a lot last night from Tyler's
grandma she kind of tells the whole
history of the city and it's very very
interesting to find out about the
different things there is a bridge that
they call the purple people eater bridge
I'm not really sure what the
significance of why they call that but
we like that if you guys don't remember
that little like is anniversary ride
know why one on by and purple people
eater one-eyed one-horned by purple
people eater
it's fun so we're in this urban and it's
actually this is an old church right oh
my God look how beautiful this is
incredible
there's a stadium you know everything
just looks so cool here you're talking
about how like there's like a city you
know like a real city and being in
Florida being in CPR is just a little
hot city dive it's very it's City but
it's yeah they broke my big kill but
it's okay cuz we're on vacation then I'm
gonna have some ice
so when you guys come to walk tour look
for the journeys left foot stage that's
actually gonna be really playing every
day I think we actually will be playing
around 357 for our first show because I
think I'm like an hour or two we're
gonna go to like a Children's Hospital
which is gonna be really kind of a very
cool interesting thing to do and I'm
actually really happy with doing that so
people can actually go and so we are at
I don't know what's Children's Hospital
this is actually Duncan the Children's
Medical Center yeah
here in tap here in Dallas and we're
gonna go meet some kids that
unfortunately can't come to the what
port I think tried to play a couple
songs this is a really cool thing I'm
really happy to be part of it we can see
the shooting star
there's another one oh my gosh this is
like the best Christmas tree ever y'all
can go down there and look at it if he
wants you right here with your return I
had a train set when I was a kid
wow this is I'm totally getting
carefully trained so like this
it did not have Ninja Turtles or
Catwoman or Batman or King Kong this is
amazing
my row is crashed
yeah
so just just drink it all right so I'll
count I'll do 123 and you'll hit it and
you hit it one two three
Oh
you wanna start it all right but you
have to shake it I got to hit the ground
I'll say 1 2 3 and you'll hit on 4 1 2
from me
my recipe party right now yeah
the high fat burning around
so they're actually gonna be streaming
this live I'm a little nervous too
nervous anxious yeah it's a good one
how are you fun thing over there was
waving
we're gonna go in friend squad mode in a
second is it a big w c√≥lera those are
fingers
I can see the resemblance
we had some hiccups that's what happens
every single year you'll get 2012-2014
2016 every band has hiccups on the first
day
it was fun though 97 degrees so we're
not never get to watch the vod's so cool
look at the crowd no look cute glasses
trap
okay Chad I'm so proud where's Big
Brother
Ralphy cut his shirt and who's going to
do it
see we have even devil ears health care
boy am i right
number one we've got to get calling
butter try
it's not fun anymore a lot of Pascale
blue
well week weeks right so we're underway
the hi Tyler and Hayley's wedding we
just got done doing a like 60 person
meet-and-greet it was really cool to see
some of you guys I think what we're
gonna end up doing our stage is a little
bit more chaotic it's after we're done
playing I usually went side stage but
this this year I don't think we can do
that so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna go to the that we've the Kings
tent every day now so what I'll do is
I'll just tweet when I'm gonna be there
and hopefully I'll see you guys there
just because it's kind of where
somebody's like crazy here at our stage
and I want to make sure I see as many of
you guys as possible so just letting you
guys know but all you guys asked me on
Twitter where I was after the show like
side stage that's what I got had to do
but now would be a good time to lay one
on and the madness is now over it's
gonna take some time to get used to this
again I had to take a nap though so
exhausted well I'm going to cut the day
a little bit revision early I'm so tired
I don't know what it is I think it is
all the sweating and it's not quite used
to it to be completely honest
it'll bitterly get used to it obviously
but I just talked to Ali there at Tyler
and Hayley's wedding they're having a
blast I honestly wish I could be there
so congratulations Tyler and Hayley I'm
sorry I'm not there and everyone else is
VidCon I'm sorry not there either
promise I'll see you guys soon anyway
have a great night and we'll see you
guys hopefully on the road and I guess
