Oh Zoey Oh God
old lady the old lady she's not the most
graceful dog we all know that I
embarrassed Zoey I fall all the time
that's very much so today is Ali's last
day actually home because she's leaving
with Melissa so they're gonna get the
rental car because they're driving to
Kentucky for Hayley and Tyler's wedding
which unfortunately I can't go because
it's the first day of warmth or and also
I can write and VidCon too so I have to
miss both of those so I'm kind of bummed
it's one of those things like usually
VidCon and warp tour don't like collide
like that and I'm able to do both but
this year they're trying it a little bit
later so dang do it
I keep thinking somebody farted but a
terrazas hippo's mouth open
these who's got halitosis so he does too
I've Marlene I feel like Molly's only
one and does not do well he's got really
nice breath she has a small mouth but
very loud voice which is actually kind
of funny the one dog that eats actual
poop doesn't actually smell like poop
Marley you aren't supposed to be able to
get back here
it's 34th Street and 25th Avenue I want
to go again in the back seats and
Melissa can go sit in the front and
Marley ran out the freakin door almost
by the door which has better gas mileage
mileage whiskey go faster Melissa asked
the dude point-blank with a straight
face which is easier the fishtail or
drift which is easier to drift
probably just got a little more power do
that and get full coverage okay and then
make sure the insurance covers that
stuff though yeah no I'll probably
finish editing everything tonight we're
trying to figure out like this whole
editing situation well Charles has gone
obviously you guys know that I'm going
to be kind of taking over doing that for
him so that makes things a little bit
easier for him yeah he basically has a
full summer off I don't have summer
vacation everyone's always telling me
that I should take a break take a break
take a break
so there may be filming still is gonna
be doing all of that but I'm just gonna
basically be taking over like all of the
editing aspect of it which I did on the
last tour that they did I think
everything turned out pretty well
there's no complaints except for like I
had one day where there was a couple
extra clips I'm gonna be taking over all
of that and trying to get that all
worked out
um so that you can kind of just actually
you know really enjoy work tour which is
the one thing that I want the guys to do
we've got some time with each other and
just chill today we're gonna kind of
like lay a little a little bit relaxed
with the girls I just dropped diesel off
I'm allowing char to I'm allowing yeah I
got charm hubs up so we could have one
last pub/sub for two and a half months
just kidding he's probably have another
one but yeah alright hey guys see this
look at take a good look at it it's bad
not gonna be here when we get back no
I'm just kidding we are getting
something new a lot of new things are
gonna be happening like the day or two
after I get back from Kentucky obviously
you're probably gonna see before
charville mm look at that pub son man
I'm just the best I'm sorry but to
Mulliken - where'd she go I think Ellie
it's fine never does that leprosy tan as
she has do you realize there's
absolutely no Sun right now changing
there's like nothing I'm watching a
video on
you draw a spark red okay how boring is
that
did somebody fall on it or something
like that
you've written on it it goes like
remember the t-rex it goes ah I started
trying to get you and then it falls down
oh well I think we've already done in on
the videos watch it now we'll just go
ride it good you skip past it good
dum-dum barley your son no Lucy shoulder
it's better it doesn't look as spotty
your stomach's not as bad is either my
grass is coming back such an old man my
grass is coming back look it was yellow
and now it's not so yellow it's just
waiting I'm setting it up she doesn't
even know what I'm doing pretending the
water the grass she's mad like you're
gonna get your ass kicked later so I
keep an eye out for her she's probably
gonna kick my ass
probably that's the smartest thing for
me to do now I'm completely open to a
complete prank I feel really really bad
luck soaking you with the hose okay so
you did one punch in the air he
literally my phone was soaked and I was
like please not before you leave for
work and I leave I was like and it's
everybody's screwing up their phone so
I'm never gonna get into Apple to
replace one do you guys remember when I
had Ali's phone for the GoPro in Hawaii
and I fell in the water and everything
was fine except her phone all right
fools we're gonna move over
I guess there's one thing I can't drive
upon I don't know though you guys are
voting for her but I know who I'm voting
for
I know Ally drives all the time but she
never gets to drive the golf cart so we
switched it's true
now I just wanted to drive me around in
the golf cart but I don't know what I
did I think I like to fell on my
tailbone the other day I'm looking
forward to tomorrow I'll be on an
airplane for I don't know how many hours
in hours it's very very comfortable
situation oh I forgot to tell you about
this I saw this the other time okay that
hurt club a diamond you topiary land
that's very interesting actually
do your impression of Marley walking
that's Marley walking I do your
impression of Zoey walking today let's
show the walk come on it's uncanny
well you gotta cross your leg though her
right leg crosses there we go that's a
Zoey walk it's so true you're actually
killing it
yeah Marley's got a little she's got a
strut Ali just found a deceased
butterfly if you look like he kind of
crawled his body in so said my butterfly
it is dead like that remark I'm in the
tree now the ants can't get them until
the wind knocks them right down drop
drop kill you doing
you're gonna leave a package on the
front doorstep you're gonna throw the
trash out you're reaching for this babe
Molly's giving up she can't move
that's coming from a bike well that's
what I do
we're just giving Zoey a little time out
was that Kid Rock's hitting that ball do
the boulder Bunga bunny yeah diggy diggy
up - up jump the boogie I don't know
this apparently is gonna be our first
dance
this is gonna be our first dance I can't
that's pretty good kick they can't do it
again do you think I'm walking the dogs
right now I'm just walking alley
so she's calm when I get home so nice
and stressful Freeport tour and bring it
before Ali leaves I need a prescription
refill do you want just call me back
then make it like new here we are
all right thanks Gary I really
appreciate it man so perfect before a
tour I want to try to get my
prescription before 5:00 in Pat refilled
and I guess they haven't refilled it
they send like a couple requests I went
all the way to the pharmacy and they
don't have it yet so I'm panicking a
little bit because it's not like a
regular tour where I like a venue where
I can just run away walk tour I feel is
the hardest tour that I've been on and
so far I've been on a lot of Tours to
get off site because you have to go
through all the security and I'm sure
there's so much more security this year
hello huzzah got my prescriptions you'd
think that would be an easy thing for me
to be able to get not something really
like really hard but whatever I thinks
about the lead any minute now this is
coming over so I'm gonna be sad and then
my mom's gonna come over and watch the
pups and then I think Tyson's gonna come
and they're gonna have like a giant
played it in Kobe's gonna come over so
my mom is gonna be dr. Doolittle for a
little bit you give her attention now
I do this kite iPod mr. type odd
sometime all right guys well I gotta go
get my medication they're gonna drop me
off and then they're gonna head out to
the road I can't speak I'm so tired and
I'm so sad so sad I will see you guys
tomorrow as always you'll see her on the
road and I'll see it won't Fergus
therefore the girliest thing le probably
