well good morning everyone good morning
Zelly warned you already right now
though I need to go mail this out to a
guy named Marco m from California who
bought this and helped raise over six
hundred dollars for rent brain cancer
research which I'm floored about I think
it's amazing that Marco who did that so
I went out the door to get on the golf
cart to do this and she bolted like I
might have been kidding I haven't seen
it like that I think it's cuz yesterday
were gone so long I've received a letter
bring her in to FedEx can they say no I
mean it's a shipping company and she's
so sweet
can't really say no to Zoe you know
smell it'll make some copies making
copies so take this out I just got home
and there's this giant piece of tree but
I guess fell off last night the tree
rotting it's not good this it didn't hit
the house or anything the tank book
which is
any book
don't eat it did you eat it you don't
even know what it is you just ate it
that's something Marley would do but
she's passed out we recorded yesterday's
session so I'm just kind of going over
some things right now just in simple
GarageBand technology is so nice that
way it off to set up the big cabinet and
all that fun stuff our wires this one it
doesn't get the true sound of a bass but
you know just for rehearsing it's
perfect
it's kind of symbolic too because we're
used to always play bass Zowie used to
love the sound so she's kind of sitting
right next to a little preamp thing I
have doesn't really make a sound but we
can pretend am i yelling by the way am i
kind of yelling I just can't I can't
hear anything so feels like I'm yelling
so I had to go return something really
quick and I wanted to see if you album
was sold out
look all gone that's a nice feeling even
though there was only one there that
means we have to get more here our album
is sold out in stores in those one it's
okay I'm trying to find something that
we could like mount maybe like the
camera when Ali or myself I'm not
driving but like Ali and myself are in
the car I don't think they have that
kind of thing invented unless you guys
know maybe online but I'm currently at
Best Buy obviously as you saw I'm afraid
of is like for example like put
something up like this they would go on
a bump - and I don't want them having
sex like it's a little bit more annoying
if you guys know where maybe I can get
that definitely let me know in the
comments or just tweet it to us I gotta
get rid of this hair place by as much
time as possible otherwise I'm gonna
have Koli cutting my hair like over the
time Koli had to cut my hair that was an
interesting moment wasn't it so
coincidentally Caitlin's here same time
the Charles it's a dirty chai
cause we're best friends Allie's just
giving herself their own manicure mayor
Marin and Geneva slitaz okay I was like
you like there
you like to swap do you like it I like
it very clean-cut I like it today bar
you laughing over there so what do you
think Internet the little clean-cut
roles so right there alley bitter its
styling my hair you got looks like it's
a very hipster haircut once it gets a
little longer you gonna be able to style
it a little bit more this is my
reasoning for it one it's gonna be hot
on work torrent to the drummer from
Bayside always does haircuts you guys
remember that every single year he's
always doing haircuts for like five or
ten bucks and then by the end of Warped
Tour everyone has the same haircut this
is that haircut so I figured I might as
well used to it and then that way on
Warped Tour I can just keep getting it
over and over again because it's the
easiest way honestly a haircuts only way
to get haircuts on tour yes this is a
face I'll be Marilyn
I got a question for you guys on YouTube
since this is a snapchat which filter is
more annoying the coachella flower one
or the dog face I feel like everyone
uses the coachella at the flower one
yeah you cuz like a whiteout thing and
then the dog one
it's like those two filters are the most
annoying filters you see on everybody
like Facebook and snapchat everyone has
at least five or six of those snapchats
I knew you know I think up to today I
don't think I've ever done one and if I
have prove me wrong and snapchat it or
at least screenshot and send it back you
mentally I don't think I've ever done it
I'm gonna turn to snapchat karaoke guys
are following me on snapchat snapchat
Ali Wehbe Ã¡all Kai ki w e SS don't
address it's just
yeah you guys might want to follow us on
snapchat for the summer especially
wouldn't walk to work I don't know how
much signal we're gonna have you guys
always know there's always a pit of
emptiness on the Warped Tour because
everyone's got cell phones and it just
kills the internet Ally's gonna help me
a lot with the editing so that way we
make sure we don't miss a day but for
funsies make sure follow us on snapchat
what I said funsies I said it because I
think I'm gonna try to do as much as
possible
I literally just looked up right now
from these shoes with Roos Ali first
taller she is you think everyone's here
hi how are you what's your name
Leslie or say hi like your hair yeah I'm
just debating on these shoes for walk
tour what do you think well they're
pizza pizza right I say anything the
internet how do you today I like the
yellow so Ali keeps trying on all these
dresses you guys are you guys get to see
but she never commits and buys one she's
always like I don't know maybe the
rehearsal dinner guest okay I like the
yellow because now you're all tan with a
mild case of leprosy but still y'all
tent like can and looks really good very
girly yeah it's very girly everyone
prepared for the girliest thing Ali
probably whatever we're on these videos
everyone knows Ali loves pink
what happens if I hit this button does
it my project so turdy
what was it I like the yellow way better
have to abysmal yeah okay go for it
you look like a freakin balloon it's
pretty though why is it so puffy so we
got tool your tool it's a pretty dress
actually I know you're wearing that as
to be a goof but it's actually kind of a
pretty dress he goes down like that
bigger yeah yes that's what is for the
body illusions of two things you got
this and you got this she actually got
the other one trying something different
so if you didn't watch yesterday's video
alley over there got a phone call from a
scammer saying she was being sued i
arrested for suing me so we decided to
call him back just watch us today's
video I'm gonna try to call him right
now
from a spoof number and see if I can
play with him a little longer they hung
up on me yet I wanted to play a little
longer but they hung up on me
she basically said like oh sure hold on
why I directed corporate then hung up
yeah why are we alone
what do they disconnected it wait while
we connect your phone call possible
sorry
no one is appealable in your call please
join him later and they disconnected
their number try it one more time this
summer is gonna call back from Ali's
number since that's what they called I
don't think they're gonna pick up or the
numbers of guys didn't see yesterday is
that I called him back and I was like
really I was frustrated it's all health
have you guys said that I was divided
IRS and I know you guys are a scam and
I'm I just want to let you know I called
police when I was like oh you must have
called the wrong number this is a
personal I said that's because
you just called me from that line and
they bait he kept like trying to like
scare me off and then he ended up
hanging up and guess what they're not
we're not working anymore ah I just
watch this in this video you can see
what we're talking about Dom ah it's
time you guys get those kind of phone
calls obviously they'll give any
personal information get a camera I use
your phone actually can't use your
phones here you're on the phone get a
camera and record it and play along as
long as possible
don't give them any real information
just goof around it's fun I don't know
if you guys do that but okay yeah
probably don't use my advice especially
butts galore I thought I was leaving
tomorrow but apparently I got mine and
snacks as flights all mixed up I have at
least another day I guess to be home
which is nice because it's like one of
those things where you like you're
planning on something and then you get
like a it's like almost like a bonus day
when in all actuality it was in bonus
yeah I just wasn't paying attention to
my flight schedules
I love these Peaks all the moss just
look so cool Moss is actually killing
trees you know I know
it's like a really great comment to make
but like I feel like I couldn't live in
a place that they're working treat I
keep meaning the show you guys this as
well
hilariously enough this is actually
illegal in Florida you see it that
trucks got some balls Diesel's taking
this get on the street on the street is
doing the horse poop like you do is that
bridesmaids Marly and her little
bouncing beam I'm trying to think of a
balanced person like I can't think of
any gymnastics I can't think of any
gymnast or the word a balanced person
are you beating me well you got one
point one eight miles and I had one
point one seven right yeah but here's
the thing
so we have this like competition going
between each other like and Ben and Ben
who can run the most miles in a month I
think you're beating me
I have fourteen point three miles Ben
has nine point six five you have nine
point two zero but I have 720 point six
any lower miles a long time ago so much
but all I see is seven other but that is
actually pretty amazing that's all I see
a little when I started this well you
better get like by the end of our tour
you better be at 800 we need your help I
want you in the comments say one or two
for Allie wearing which dress to the
wedding so that's all I want you guys to
write one or two in the comments this is
gonna be one you just hold tight
you hold tight to close on right now so
I have to wait here's one I hold on got
focus just ignore that stud over there
okay so this is one I feel like I could
close that it looks like a salsa dress I
can't drop me can't jump so number one
okay try number two work it that's
working it that's working it
please shoveling so one or two I I'm not
going to give you guys my opinion I was
like leave or you her opinion we're just
gonna see your guys's opinion one's
gonna be for the wedding and one is
going to be for the rehearsal dinner so
whichever one is first it's going to be
for the wedding and then the other one
will probably be for the rehearsal so
let us know in the comments one two I
just confused that one again one two I
think you guys get it I'll shut the hell
up I know it becomes like a thing guys
but every night she's been comfortable
he's showing off just before I say good
night I just want to show you this
amazing meal Ali made gets homemade
chicken sandwiches quote-unquote it's
big chicken stock fried the pinko crust
we got some fresh avocados thanks for
watching today's video
get out guys good night good night
