good morning Internet sorry I have to
wake myself up we are on our way to
rehearsal which is literally on the
other side of the state my band is
hilarious of picking rehearsal spots
like this you know scenic route you can
see we have all the gear in all my
suitcases all packed up and Ali brought
cupcakes for the guys we thought we were
gonna be like an hour late but I guess
everyone just pushed back rehearsal for
another hour so now we're gonna actually
be early about 15 minutes I got to see a
horse you had to see a bull you see it
go
yes I did see where sociable but what I
was saying to him was I just like I
think that's so pretty this kind of
nothing that's adhere to just love it I
told you we'd see some goats
hello yeah I just got a phone call
saying I'm being sued by the IRS
talking to Charles Johnson oh no I'm not
why is that April 20th 1983 when you
have that if you're the IRS Connor
told you I can't believe that the IRS
and things like that banks will never
call you on the phone like that they
will send you official notification look
at Danny's kick and chris is back
remember from Australia he's gonna be
roll all summer with us
Sophie's always with us being that the
boys are going to be practicing all day
today I have just said to wander off on
my own and go explore Orlando also I
have some work guys to do so I have to
find some place that's got some good
Wi-Fi still in a mission to find a dress
for the wedding for Tyler and Hayley I
feel that I am allowed now at this point
to get a dress before this wedding
because some of those people I'll buy
like an item or an outfit and I'll wear
it some multiple things because I feel
like it's just such a waste of money and
if you don't get like full use out of it
then I
I didn't Swiss money why that jumpsuit
to like four or five weddings I feel
like that's a good amount and I kind of
want to switch it up a little bit plus
it's gonna be hot
I'm just trying to find something that's
really fun in summary and I also have to
upload my blog to my channel that is the
mission with Travis has to listen to
every single time where you edit
Stickley track I think I found my dress
for the rehearsal dinner
very cute very simple fun I'm gonna go
head back to the guys I heard that
they've just started actually practicing
like 20 minutes going in 34 40 so I was
feeling we're gonna be getting up very
late tonight and I have to say I'm like
so impressed with Orlando right now
because everywhere you look there is
something in regards to Orlando being
united all the love that is being spread
in this community is absolutely
incredible and it just makes me so proud
so we have a little time out at
rehearsal and we fill the car up with
dogs these dogs
okay sir porn
balls I was gonna leave all this in I
don't really care at this point corn
balls have you ever heard me talk that
potty mouth
yeah hey buddy some light reading diary
we're gonna go cereal almond milk the
lunch meat celery spelled wrong stuff
for smoothies what are you doing we go
so we're puppy-sitting right now ever
been sitting right now I'm playing he's
playing Disney magic you know
remember when I was obsessed with tapped
out
yeah Ben is obsessed with that now I'm
I'm restoring magic to the I'm gonna
send Bo Peep to go surprise visited
Jesse should be gone for two hours I was
I was talking to my mom on the phone the
other day it was on speakerphone
what's it tapping noise I'm like oh I
just magic mom don't worry hold on I'll
call you right back
I'm busy there's a fun little fat guys
this is actually the cover of the just
keep breathing thing
and then I got to do is this add that
there's just keep breathing so while
we're waiting
Ally's using your time and editing her
new video on our channel and so it
should be day two of the cruise videos
so make sure your youtube.com slash Ally
West I'll put a link down in description
you guys go check that out I think they
wanted that a number two now will be
like good luck this is why we have
rehearsal cables cry out and Ben has to
be super fix it I love the glasses too
so check us out a buddy of mine was
soldering and always always was
soldering and hot solder flicked him in
the eye he's blind for life now really
life
when glasses I'll look like a dork I
don't care I got these baby blues your
2020 home away from home
you guys actually might recognize this
guy
huh hey guys home sweet home
gotta clean my bunk my favorite bunk
always middle sit back Center right
this actually doesn't feel like the same
Boston sure it is
yeah this
I think you guys had this in 2012 24
hooks for the next consecutive I feel
like this than we've ever had it though
this is way nicer bus than the last bus
can we pass none shall pass
there we go why we need a woman though
but how do you rig a lot of things
is it being about the vlogs and you
probably go back to 2014 blogs and warp
tour and it's all probably makes sense
to everyone watching but for some reason
it's familiar but it's unfamiliar
familiar to you you recognize it more
than I do
yes it's better remember than I do I
don't remember this dog here at all oh
yeah this is the one that had all the
shoes remember this is the friggin door
that would always slam open I guess
where I'm sleeping yeah
don't mess you up
that chorus there's double chorus it
goes family halftime it does sound kinda
tight so the entire time really guys
we're all practicing the bunny we're
done I think we got everything just
under 30 minutes like just under I've
got to honestly say guys I have the most
supportive amazing fiance on the planet
we woke up it I'm not exaggerating 8:00
a.m. to start driving to rehearsal it is
midnight she stay the entire time
and did all my work I got all the work
she got the video done so at the end of
this video you'll get to go check out
Ally's video so it's like double vlogs
actually so it's even better live entire
this is 11 21 at night work sound good
she got to hear the full set before
anyone else it's really awesome and I
made up hater will say that and here's
reward sandwich I just gave you a
sandwich well as you can see we're
finally home if they're long freaking
Drive Ali's a damn champion at that
which by the way her new video is now
live on our channel youtube.com slash
Ali West if you're not subscribed go
subscribe you can check out our new
videos and I'm going to go to bed now
I'm exhausted so I will see us from ours
always bye guys oh the robots still
running on by yes freaking mess kind of
weird
I think I always look I've seen my dad
you know looking for Gregg Allman band
I've seen him in the album it's the CD
Saurus but now I get to go I'll go look
I wouldn't see if my band
