good morning Internet I want to start
packing today and my lovely fiancee if
you won't say look at she's already
packed everything sorry but I'm right if
I didn't do it though you would just
throw it in there and then nothing would
fit well here's the thing though I
thoroughly appreciate the organization
but it's gonna get all messed up I'm
gonna give everything a foto de tu or
course I'm not worried about it I feel I
feel happy that I could put it in there
where can you fit even fit right in the
corner tomorrow we have rehearsal and to
make my life easier rather than flying
to warp tour and then like every other
year where I'm dragging my my stuff
through all the buses I thought since
the tour bus is actually going to be at
the rehearsal spot that I should pack
early or in this case Ali packs for me
and that way I bring at the rehearsal
and then I just put on the tour bus and
the tour bus delivers it I just wanted
to try and help you out a little bit
that's tremendous help cuz I know it's
stressful you know oh you look really
cute Rico suave should miss some of that
skin you like it all my shirts they fit
when i buy them and then I put them in
google you stretch them out after you
dry them and then what do you think it's
gonna happen nothing's gonna be a
uniform yes you do hey I'm cleaning my
clothes and then I pull them out and
it's like hey now it's like this it's
ridiculous to Billy do this are you
still feeling good you see all this sure
where my girls these are what I pack
you're not helping what about that buddy
oh you look pretty packed right now holy
SH that dreaded time has come we are
packing for Charles to head off to our
course it's not really a dreaded time by
the jordan shirt i know it was up there
Oh Georgie ok but as you guys know
Charles is leaving for warped tour and
it's always so I don't know it's sad
it's definitely sad packing for him to
leave but I know he has so much fun the
van has so much fun one and
no yo you got it for me I know I got as
a joke see that guy's Mikelis
supercalifragilistic sexy hella dopeness
so I found that and I just thought it
was so funny I come on stage Travis goes
no I got that when I was with my older
sister and we'd like don't like a really
random walmart night we came across like
I don't know one of those wrecks it was
like on a super super sale and that was
on there and we both looked at each
other and she's like I'm just getting
this so I had to tell my kids they have
to wear it and then I was like I'm
getting him for Charles cuz i'm going to
make him wear and she's like exactly and
we both hot we thought it was so dumb
but at the same time we thought it was
so funny so we had to get it kind of sad
moment for him to leave but i'm so
excited for them because i know the guys
are excited to get back on a tour and
being back out on the road and i'm
excited to go to a few this shows I was
digging through the closet try to find
another backpack on the bus so I got to
go to the me all the time and look what
I found I found the thing that's gonna
piss everyone off on the bus Bella my
nic cage pillowcase oh that's we gave it
to me and I got it and I would have it
on my bus of my bunk I would leave my
bunk yeah remember i leave my bunk
slightly open so every time somebody
walked in back of us like this to be
like this yeah so you'd walk by trying
to go to the back of the bus and you
just see Nicholas Cage all the time I
gotta bring that again yeah it's like
you said I pulled out what wasn't sure
where that one was so I pulled out you
read this look for the zoe Marley 12
actually that was softer bring that one
mmm look I found my walk to her hat this
one we've always know nothin there irie
found my work where at don't you want to
try it on you can try it on bro
where's diesel okay you look handsome
yeah they only like it when i get to get
my mom's clothes hahaha surprising golf
your whole body yes I walked all right
you be careful with that so I need to
get a couple walked already shirts so i
can do basically and all sounds stupid
cut into it pink cups for stage with
everything is so freaking hot I think I
found the best shirt totally this your
normal day something's great for that I
just got notification by one of you guys
on Instagram that they went and bought
the we the kings so far album at best
buy I'm gonna go over here and see if I
can buy a couple copies on my own album
for the very first time I'm here that's
really cool actually I think it's
awesome I think it's kind of weird
though I hope they have it holy Sh they
have it right there that is very cool
that's amazing actually so apparently
they still sell CDs here we're in
between Whitechapel and Wiz Khalifa
there's a warped or CD I kind of want to
just sign it but we don't have a sharpie
doing but I get in trouble for sign my
album yeah yeah i guess like that
technically is not mine silver cool i
think it's it's kind of weird I think I
always look I've seen my dad you know
looking for a Greg Allman band I've seen
him in the album like the CD stores but
now I get to go I'll go look I would see
if my fans in there and I could actually
say that I think that's really cool fair
thing and I think my dad would be very
proud about that situation I think
that's cool
following your new dad's footsteps happy
Father's Day happy Father's Day dad and
to all the other dads and every other
dad we did it yeah it's cool
and unicorn can't see the sticker but if
you look very careful the internet is
technically there too because that's the
camera on filming the audience if you
get the album you could see it seem cool
the Internet's on there and congrats
goodbye should I go and buy and be like
this hmm put it down first now like have
you ever heard of this band just let it
get banned right here yeah we heard of
this band
recognize this guy over here
look at using very giddy about this I
was like really cool it is very cool I
really honestly there was just and like
I would always see this with another guy
Gregg Allman life there's my dad's we
enter there so I am in store and so is
my dad high-five dad ready I'm ready
that's very cool kind of want to just
like it run out the door I steal my own
album
give me your dad Coldplay yeah i was
like he likes Alicia Keys that's kind of
funny where you get your dad some
essentials you know what you need in
there the way the King album I was we
didn't buy the last one we left afforded
you guys said oh forget so we're in st.
Pete right which sink is this
twenty-second street my second Avenue
that's why the only best buy okay we
left the one copy left of the way the
King album for you guys Ali just
reminded me that I need a bag you're all
the times I have to go take the showers
and weight off to wherever they're at so
i need to be given guy get that stank
off and we have a shower on the bus this
time again you know quick and cold those
things and we got the shower bags I
actually do we need to get another
shower bag maybe we'll get those at the
first walmart stop anyway and also every
time i go to work for her on world tour
I was like really figure out like how a
pink towel you have to always get
something that people on steel everyone
steals everything I Walker
no I don't think anyone's going to take
that and I gotta speed rope because
every time I'm on walked or I always
really focus on trying to get healthy
and I always end up losing like 20
pounds I work toward just from sweating
alone catching some freedom bears that
take care of your duty though Caitlin
and I are meeting up with my dad for
father's day we got him like oh this is
how weird my family's personality and
demeanor is we thought it would be funny
to get my dad this bag so see it says so
stinking so stinking cute and and it's
definitely for a little boy or like a
bit a baby shower and then we got him a
card and it says happy father's day
grandpa yeah yeah says happy father's
day grandpa and yes his grandpa he's not
a grandpa by us which he's gonna totally
think one of that one of us is pregnant
and but ends I we wrote like you are a
grandpa does a duck but not by us happy
Father's Day old fart dad if you're
watching this I'm really sorry please
donate us
okay what are you up to
it's Father's Day bring up ahead in case
you haven't heard it lately
grandpa Bert not it's a become
absolutely per minute there I thought
one of you was pregnant but we're trying
that was what we wanted the dad I
thought your reaction was gonna be a lot
more extreme well it was going to be but
I've tried to tone it down all right
just ran I ran three miles myself and I
walked the dogs walk jog the dogs for
out a mile so I could said about 44
miles give or take for my warped tour
I'd like to call my warped or body I
have all my stuff I got my perfect push
ups my rubber band things by jump ropes
I get really excited for warp tour
because of the fact that it's like it
really pushes me to exercise because I
find it exercising be incredibly boring
Ali always asked me to go to the gym and
I always find it really really stupid
not stupid because it's good for you but
I don't like being inside and going
nowhere if that makes any sense like if
you're unlike a treadmill I I hate
feeling like you're literally running in
place that's also why i love walk toward
because every day is a different scene
so it makes you feel like you're running
across the country like Forrest Gump
sorry I feel like I pickups again I do
actually I do go away also because warp
tour I find is like incredibly boring
actually I shouldn't say incredibly
boring it's you gotta find a lot to do
with your time because you wake up you
find the cleanest porta body TMI I know
you find out when you're playing the
porta potty is before finding out when
you play a trust me when you're on tour
trust me and that's gross i know and
watch some bands I'm personally gonna be
watching yellow card pretty much every
day in sum 41 every single day so if we
come to warp tour trying to find me I'm
probably at those two stages that is not
a much it hey hazel that's not a buffalo
wing you want buffalo wings do you see
what that idiots doing
like clockwork every single day I
couldn't go to dinner because I was
packing everything getting everything
wraps still not done but my love you
again my lovely fiancee because she
brought me taters Davis your life you're
right and you got oh thank you and you
got um chicken bread chicken John damn
right she's okay I measure the mascara
okay hey my pillow back please
