Frankie we got a present for you don't
worry Frankie we're doing your job for
you there we go and it begins hello
they got rid of our curtain oh no a
Casey Nate hey buddy
so for the hometown show we're gonna be
doing Frankie what are we doing
honestly you'd have to ask what we're
doing something that has all these
lights involved a lot of life it might
be a raid of these soft boxes but we're
gonna be doing I think some sort of like
anniversary kind of video I think I
don't really know I'm always the last to
know so I don't know if you guys know
all the work that goes into the lighting
kit you have to program every single
thing no yeah every one every day every
beat every drum solo every bass solo all
those baseball is one button for the
bass burn okay well you know what
everything about this screams like
really bad things
how long until he breaks his face 25
seconds in oh my god it's so bad
good thing we the King says insurance
and this is our barricades for this time
because they got rid of the curtain this
time there is no way he's getting on
this there's no maybe I don't right
you're literally playing going like this
please don't stop don't stop drop the
remote onto the button :
get your ass over here dude dude you see
trash like how many guys is like eight
of them he goes all out what you doing
there Frankie
you can never look cool during that
calibration no you look like a little
Smurf with that hat on hahaha Papa and
Papa Smurf over there in the forest the
Lions looking noise hey
pretty Kelly oh that was beautiful
beautiful please take us to Coco Joe sir
I don't want to listen to this and the
air conditioning needs a bubble of it
charge or anything like that where we go
before a show we load up at Wawa so what
I like to do before like obviously you
guys have known before every show I
always kind of try to find the quietest
place the entire venue area and I just
kind of go into like if I don't want to
call a meditative state because I don't
really know how to do that my brain
works too much I can't like slow it down
but more of just like kind of a calm
like to figure out focus on what's gonna
happen like what we got to do I don't
know it's just like I do it like every
show but I guess I don't film a lot I
just thought about that I was like I was
sitting here I was like I probably never
filmed this before oh that's what I
usually do I don't usually get nervous
before shows the only shows that are
very nerve-wracking for all of us I mean
we played we wouldn't very fortunate we
played all over the world we played in
front of 15,000 people and a stadium or
one festival you guys know that one but
the second Rebecca home playing with all
our friends and family in a tight little
room it's nerve-racking because there
are the people that like will tell you
hey you guys you suck tonight and like
you're like oh oh yeah you get it now I
got to go onstage
the hometown show without Santa Claus
and you stop here it's not a hometown
show where Santa's going right now after
its entire like trip around the world
I delivered all my chips and now I'm
here at the wheelie King show in
Palmetto through / Bradenton Florida
little random place to come it's part
the best part is that's your job
you're getting paid to do that all right
so Brian is my brother I don't know if
you guys knew that
and there's sailor sailor do I look like
your dad we're gonna mess with his wife
Kelly one day you you're like a
silhouette right now you had a halo
going okay
before others you know there
we're making Lexi and
the boys play tonight that should be
somebody
I need something
and somehow
maybe
fine
reason forgetting
right
maybe it's not
fine
well guys finally home so he's very
stoked that I'm home she's been whining
the entire time Marley's been attacking
her I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video it was it was a lot of fun it was
a lot of fun the home town shows they're
always a party
I don't even call the hometown shows
they're just hometown parties pretty
much does all they are and it's just
like kind of like a thing where everyone
it's a family and friends and just
parties and that's what they are we
never know what's gonna happen at these
shows case in point
today hi I don't know if it's on the
camera if it was on the footage you guys
know what I'm talking about but hunter
his guitar got goofed up and broke so he
went into the crowd and he jumped on one
of the the bars and just started singing
on top of the the bar and then he felt
they did like a swan dive backwards and
crowd surfed so it was pretty yeah it's
this random oh yes so that was the other
thing I want to address her by my
stupidity I tripped again I'm one of the
drum risers now this time I have a
legitimate reason why it happened but
don't worry I actually I think her name
was breathe recorded this and I'm gonna
give you the clip right now but I'm
gonna give you a back story first Travis
just got on that thing so we sweat all
over it and I wear chucks and as you can
see there are no longer any soles on the
bottom of my chucks now watch the video
so as you can see I went to jump up and
I hit the edge with my my Chuck
something might come on my I just want
to end the video I went to jump up and I
you could see where I just slipped
because between water sweat no traction
and I went down however as you can see
of that video it every time I in the
video as you can see in that video I
could say I know I'll finish this up
eventually as you just saw between the
lack of traction on my shoe
Travis sweating you know this sweat me
sweating all over the the riser I've
been trying to jump on it bad all bad
however I did save it I don't think it
looked as bad as that one time where I
fell into the stage I don't know where
it is but I have a clip I'm sure yep
that one I feel like between the two was
way worse well yeah I fell on stage
again um but you know what I feel like I
saved it a lot of people didn't even
notice they thought it was a new like
skill like a new move that I had to
those who were there that's what it was
I meant to yeah we'll have a good night
hope you enjoyed today's video and we'll
see you mom
