watch out for the Thunder okay so I'm
sorry giving me for the Thunder I know
it's a little out
this is a typical walk with three dogs I
don't know how you got under there
that's the worst place to be isn't it
this is ridiculous guys can we try to
figure this out a little bit better next
time take a wild guess where alleys at
called it I was just looking our charity
auction for the three paintbrush Ram and
it's almost at $200 that's freaking
amazing that you guys are going to be
helping research and charitable things
like that I think that's so cool feel
very proud of the CTFxC when we could do
good not that we don't do good but you
know like we can do like something like
this we can help people I was just
talking to Travis and we're going over
the set list for walk tour and I have to
tell you guys if you want to warp tour
this is probably gonna be the best We
The Kings Warped Tour that we've ever
done not only are we sharing the stage
with bands like some 41 good Charlotte
and who else is gonna be on our stage
pink yellow cards from out of stage May
Day parades gonna be on our stage it's
gonna be a giant party as worked or
always is and I was get really exciting
a vlogging work tour because a lot of
people don't get to see behind the
scenes of what goes on and I think
that's so cool about doing the Warped
for daily videos are traveling on work
tour there's always memories there's
always these things like I could always
tell you and regale you with a story but
you know pictures worth a thousand words
and I would say a videos gotta be worth
a million words that's kind of like the
honest truth too
but they'll now you got me something you
always do that every time I know every
time you I do something mean you always
give me something I feel like such a
jerk so bright out so windy I literally
almost walked into the car next to us I
was wondering why you're going to a car
obviously what is what is this weird
voice you're talking cuz I don't like
that weirdo I know you sound like a
muppet I should just point
oh don't spit on me it's wrong you just
spit on you
I say that's so gross look they are
doing a blood drive
you should come there tomorrow yeah
let's go do that tomorrow
I don't like an unfortunate still both
thumbs me out if anything we could bring
people food yeah that'd be cool actually
bring home cookies I definitely will
alright Ally's gonna do it tomorrow you
do double the amount for me I will look
like very good be completely willing
anyone else on the internet get
terrified when you're behind a car on a
trailer like this my two worst fears
we're on a bridge I don't like bridges
by the way and we're behind one of these
things I don't like a lot of weird
things I was like full of you for your
irrational
they did a lot more irrational hi I know
I've told you this before about the
rooms they've always had with this
fridge I'm like driving over the bridge
and I can see it's like going straight
into the water but I can't go back it's
like everyone is coming
Annalise grows just like diving into the
box there's
I think one moving ass we ran past me
Brown
I really feel like instead of nuts up
here that rhyme
I want you guys to tell us your biggest
fear or most irrational fear my fears I
will tell you used to be snakes I'm not
so much snakes anymore unless it's a
Cobra
for some reason Cobras just scare the
crap out of me
spiders will always be number one
bridges not really fear I have to deal
with it all the time in Florida but I
don't like bridges putting another fear
of mine I don't like little spiders I
like I feel like if I held bigger I'd be
cool like I'm cool like a like a big gun
what about that one we saw on that
Hawaii the wonder where Danny is
basically killed no I said if somebody
handed it to me the whole oh yeah do you
guys remember that giant-ass spider in
Hawaii was the biggest spider nursing my
entire life and that was behind
everybody it was right behind where
Ali's head was but by the pillow that's
all I would need to remember in Alaska
when I got bit on my face Ali has the
worst time traveling I've always worried
what I would look like with a bigger
like there's stronger features I have
such little features I guess the
duration I have a turtle chin yeah no I
wish I had I wish like my face a little
bit more defined but whatever Eisinger I
love
I love your body too bunch of my friends
are having kids now like close friends
of mine and we're trying to think of
some really cool names but I told become
a friend like Travis before Kinsley was
born we didn't know she was gonna be a
boy or girl I'm like you know I hear
Charles is a really cool name and I
always say that everyone and we were
trying to think of some really cool
names
I think orange I will never know what to
orange cherry not a stripper does
immediately a stripper I can't tell my
face it's like one of those things you
can't jinx the name so we can't tell you
guys right now
I think it's jinxing you're not supposed
to if you have a name that you want
picked out you don't tell there was some
name I know like I had her not me
personally but I had situation with a
friends who she like told a group of us
like what she wanted in the purchase and
another individual that we now know the
name stole two of them and she was she's
pregnant
like she's
pregnant like doesn't have the baby at
but the other woman and the situation
but hers her kids were going to be born
within like two months
so it was kind of like a weird like a
like - I get mad like is it weird that
I'm upset that you named your kids what
I Wis can really confiscate a name can
you yeah but then it's also kind of like
is it weird if I name my children the
same type name that you named yours
pick out
I'm fine my shirt there's your shirt go
away
summer while my wart or it's going to be
tried Tyler and Hayley's wedding and the
great in the middle walked or so I won't
be out and so I won't be able to
actually make it there yeah it's like
great in the middle of course I could go
that's actually why I came for the
VidCon is will for its kind of crashes
right through everything but that just
means I'll see you guys I'm more for
anyway so I already have to get a new
dress well the reason is there's like
this black long jumpsuit that I've
learnt to like for a wedding in the past
year I've got my money yeah versus
buying the dress for one wedding and buy
another dress car is very economical
I am I like the color I like to cohere
Zola I like the halter part as I was
calling a halter yeah it's good
well it's because you were really
feeling on that side then underneath
this right now let me see do I like this
color I think it's really sticky and I
don't usually wear like now the color is
awesome
I like to design one of those was that
like bamboo yeah you got a bug on your
shirt this is an extra seat that's sexy
red it's fun but it's so tight just not
left out right we see a Badou T do it's
so flat you got a big butt right there
makes your butt look big
it might be an optical illusion what do
you guys think thinking maybe we do
something funky like that for the
wedding
you like it I think doing something like
that would be kind of cool
that's so much too blue Travis rock the
white I feel like
maybe I could do red and then they can
do red and blue and white just ignore
Ali well all - I think that is ignore
this loud ones what about a firecracker
she's like freakin work like a worm like
catching a worm run by the run
try the new rule from now on when we
come home we're not seeing hi to Marlene
so she's on the ground over here I guess
we're not saying hi tomorrow you're
acting cute off the bed is your new
outfit looks good
the baby booty was really fun the
funniest part though is you can see all
your giant ten legs free up and then
your your leprosy what's up dude look
what we found we got snake and Elena I
like I'll introduce you're not Billy
anymore you always snake do you want to
come in what happens when you run
outside don't listen we went and had
dinner with Billy and Elena I think we
just kind of want to do good together
before Charles actually leaves for work
more tacos it was delicious
we're gonna like try and make that more
of our reoccurring thing one thing that
we've noticed I guess we've gotten older
and like people are getting married
other people are moving to different
cities things of that sort it's becoming
so much more difficult for us all to get
together and like work something out but
we're gonna really put it like a
conscious effort forth to make that
happen because I love them to death and
I know that Charles loves them to death
yeah we will not be losing touch but
everyone's busy everyone's like no -
it's a sad realization yeah and I think
with everything that's been going on
recently I think it's so important to
kind of I don't know just take advantage
of the friends and the family that you
have and the moments that you have and
like making sure to spend time with
those those that you love and I know I'm
sounding really corny and like really
your delicate little deep but in all
actuality it's the truth like I I don't
know it sucks that it's a it's such a
negative event to open up my eyes to the
idea that life is so short and never
know what's gonna happen so today was so
amazing tonight was so amazing and we're
definitely looking forward to doing it
more obviously
do with more people but oh I love Billy
and Elena it was a great night really
really wonderful night
burrito does that mean little donkey I
don't know I think that it probably does
to me a little donkey but who knows
here's some really useless information
guys provided to you by the burrito
means little donkey in Spanish you're
welcome I didn't have a burrito so guys
we are probably gonna call this a good
night watch a movie or something like
that and hopefully tomorrow we do
something a little bit fun just because
they're trying to get a few more fun
things in before Charles actually leaves
for Warped Tour so thank you guys again
so much for watching if you guys are
brand new make sure that you do
subscribe please hit that like button
that's like my favorite thing the thumbs
up but everybody can see the thumbs up
it always makes you feel good doesn't it
so give us a thumbs up and we will see
you tomorrow bye antelope
our army
you're very
