good morning Internet so first things
first I want to show you the painting we
did you do that way good good catch
I think he came out good and then we
have our other piece of art that since
you guys do want us to do we're gonna go
frame these things and make them into a
cool piece of art itself and then we're
gonna auction this off for charity
came out so cool you look a horse on my
face but I'm talking about abuse
nostrils
it looks like Ellie's falling apart over
here tail
let's show me how you look like your
skin's falling off oh it's not that bad
bad Lucy oh god it's bad I'm just
kidding it's not that bad you don't have
a leprosy honey I put on sunscreen I
swear to God I know you all think that
really good let's go I thought I cut my
freakin what did that be ankle no the
ankles on the outside interior is the
inner ankle
the knobby thing I don't know you call
it actually this is a genuine question
because that's what I was considered an
Inc all right there people are like it's
called it brought it's called Nicole
might be the medical terminology
it's triangle it's all the same bone
your uh your Dorcas mikuni libris when
people think ankle they think this I
would guarantee it not so much this
maybe they do I don't know maybe I'm
just being dumb oh there's paint on this
one too there was paint your hair this
painted my hair snow serious look I got
a little blue in it all you traded out
the red and got the blue le big fast
oh we bought it
it's ours okay copper playing ball in
the store
we should find like some oblong one
these are kind of cool it's like
narrow do you want to get like a random
kind of a frame though Oh Candice and
get behind the door
look he's strong man he lifts big rocks
he puts them on contraption with things
cause the wheels within the front yard
we have
I don't know actually ever showed you
guys but like the host is back in the
bushes but we want to make a little like
pathway that goes into that area so I
bought a bing bada boom that's six good
counting your math skills are on point
today college helps wrong kind of like
Arnold I don't know I sounded like the
mix between our Muppet Mike in our yard
does look like this like one beautiful
secret garden look at the kumquats
they look like many watermelons that's
before the right that's before that oh
maybe I don't know I've never actually
had to come at that once oh yes to that
before there right Ali
there's a 6-foot of fireworks retail
value $450 though
Popat gobble
yawns
humans
easy antelope a
aughter Wellman
Apple
sure baby
and
nube really
this is actually genuinely was
recreating what she was talking to me
about in the Starbucks line I just I had
your chest is feeling so bad honey
ABC this is our before the sprinkler
system just randomly came on so we're
actually working against the clock we're
literally working against the clock
otherwise we're gonna get sprayed who's
down
I know it's subtle guys but this the
dowel shovel thing I don't know what
this is I know it's subtle but seriously
trying to get to the hose everything
every time I would get mud everywhere
and I just read stupid stuff I know I'm
sorry buddy I know you worked hard but
I'm just gonna move it I'm just gonna
move you over here you're lucky I'm
moving here otherwise I would just snap
you and there you go I'm a Good
Samaritan guys of all the grass you have
to pee on that so we're a little bit
concerned because we just bought this
side but it's a little bit yellow you
think I'm gonna pee on it
tibe ugh did you just pee on that no
don't like your tail you know you a very
interesting way of putting it down I
don't think you're doing it right yeah
but you're putting it you're not really
leveling out the ground it's important
too
okay I don't mean to tell you what to do
I'm you're working really hard Martin
Lee don't rip up the grass we already
have so I quite possibly might be the
worst fiancee because I'm not out here
getting dirty and helping Charles I was
inside eating a sandwich the boy dogs
suck I now know why I had real dog
hang on he did not pee on anything when
took a deuce and number two on it a
double dose Double Deuce I'd rather
compete on it I've taught him really
really well I guess what are you doing
you can do theam over there he was just
on the sling I now know why I had robots
hey hey so now we're getting real crab
because this camera isn't working but
first
I just I've been wanting to do that but
I was like how do I make it not obvious
you know what I just it was so obvious
it's so obvious I turn it on now oh my
gosh double vision oh that's kind of
creepy look at that so that's like
Inception kind of right we've smiled for
the camera
he's calling an exception that's a
proper annoying word to call it which
will bring out the best scene I don't
know woo
if you want to learn how to plant plugs
don't do this this is the other plugs
I'm transporting these are from over
there is this not right poke it with my
finger try to dig a hole isn't that
Impala it's impossible no what kind of
strong thing is what I mean endure what
they say just done your fingers like on
your finger dig I need the help
go go go go go get it good okay good
that's good that's good that's really
ma'am that is the smallest pool stick
why don't you two on that this one hagel
nope now you're gonna get the next small
stick hey go Zoe P mmm that's possible
Zoe no no no no no no what that was
she's like why would you take that cuz
you will choke on this one time we're we
all terrified
yeah when she was like choking
all right I did I just kind of like shut
that in her mouth I'm sorry it so you're
like I don't want that stupid stick mom
as soon as the camera working now I
don't really let me try it again okay so
record nope record up it is what the
fudge balls
well I think it's within my oh my god
they probably hate us sir I swear to god
it was I'm working we're gonna hang up
on masterpiece now I think we're gonna
put this one here and then like you guys
suggested put something else here maybe
Ali will start painting something and
maybe we'll do some speed art on her
channel that way she can like paint
something here and then we could have a
bunch art but your alley art I like this
actually here okay alright be shout
because we have picture frames that we
want to hand the wall but they don't
have like the little doohickey on the
back where hit like hooks on to a nail
go out and buy some so I'm gonna put one
on obviously that so that we can hang it
in the hallway that was our final
decision we're gonna put it in the
hallway it just looks really nice in
there and then I'm gonna do it on the
frame so that we can get that wall done
this hung up and 90% of our projects
complete so that's really really awesome
the inaugural I would say that egg
doggerel inaugural the eggnog version in
Naugle I always say every time I can be
given inaugural camera clip looks so
nice no dust behind it by the way that
was me breaking the camera just I think
that was a faulty one does he that was
me
Ali's telling you it wasn't me what else
to do that's cool I'm just gonna build
on this random like do random ones I
think that's a cool idea look at Ali all
artsy fartsy that's what vegetables on
your ID right really really that's
perfect yellow squash and then I
saut√©ed mushrooms and kale together and
then it just what you know it's very
exciting
I'm super exciting there's somebody in
this household that's a huge apparently
huge fan of leaves sit down
pipe odd formation open your mouth
slowly
it's like looking down the belly of a
shark this one won't eat it she did it
just to spite me such a goofball he get
all comfortable and your mom's gonna
come home while he's passed out and he's
done before we end the vlog I just want
to say this was a good idea you guys
wanted us to do this you guys said yes
we are going to sign the the frame I got
this cool shadow box and we're gonna
sign both corners of the the paintbrush
can I say yeah we can sign your name
remember guys every time that this is
going to bring cancer research so if you
guys want this please go check it out
put the link down there description I
decided to go out and get it cool like
the shadow box for this thing both
signatures 2016 and these things are the
things that actually created this
masterpiece over here and yesterday's
video it's all over your toes and on
that note I will see you guys tomorrow
if you haven't seen Ally's new video she
finally uploaded on her channel I'll put
the link down there in description as
well so I will see you guys tomorrow as
always
bye guys I think that's the beauty about
art is that it's all about what you can
doesn't have to be
we can't I'm never gonna be Picasso
