good morning guys I think I'm still
first again all right sorry bud I know
you hate this I'm now accomplice like no
happy with me sneaking off I know who is
Joe John
you're laying on my new grass that's
more less solution to everything maybe
you guys living on my side and look cute
they won't be mad she likes it when it's
just like friendly see you thought so
bad there isn't it her right sides all
dry it reminds me of like was it Charlie
Brown there's the look of a dog who
doesn't want to get babe he's gonna miss
hope you couldn't see how it warms diet
or still dumb like why don't they give
him the ground cold he's uh slithered
his way up here no it's gonna kill him
why you gotta look those that oh my god
seriously Marly I just washed you and
you rolled in the mud he rolled all in
the mud really look at this look at that
Marly I love you don't come over here
and love on me
and you're gonna have to bid again I
don't really hate life all right trying
to get some oh my gosh are you serious
you see the show right there off come on
my mom gave me all these plants and
they've been just sitting out back dying
so I'm trying to get that taken care of
they don't want to start painting
something we're gonna try to paint
something really ugly probably I think a
lot of you guys suggested that we put
everything in the hallway but maybe get
a different size and do something here
as well you guys are kind of like our
little interior decorators the heck is
this thing the millipede or centipede
that's not worm no what is legs I can't
remember look at it's got legs and
everything looks like it's trying to get
my soul we're gonna throw you over there
there was one that was over there and I
buried it this is a totally different
one isn't it that's really upsetting I'm
kind of afraid to dig around here
be on earth like a cat graveyard I'm
sweating that because of the fact I just
planned all these plants but I'm gonna
show you I almost walked into this giant
a spiderweb
this is where my face was going to
directly with the spider was if you guys
are brand-new to the videos and don't
know I'm terrified of spiders
I know there are friends specially in
Florida with mosquitoes but them
especially that one oh Jesus that's what
is that
anyone know all right well see you later
spider just wanted to check on my grass
in the back looks like it's working a
little bit since I put all that stuff
the plugs are kind of taking a little
bit taking some time oh man this this is
really starting to piss me off
I got a stop forgetting to eat before I
take my medication so I take it this is
this is what sucks I have to wake up at
4:00 in the morning to take it and 4:00
p.m. I usually was doing 8 a.m. and 8
p.m. but I started realizing that I was
having the seizure issue around like 7
a.m. or like you know 6 a.m. things like
time like weird times like that
so I thought maybe you know if I moved
it up to like 4 a.m. and cut it off at
the head would be a little bit better
and knock on wood it's been a lot better
but the problem is I always forget to
eat in the middle of the day right now
ally and Kate went to the store to get
some stuff and which comes back we get
the paint which I'm gonna looking
forward to the problem is I wanted to go
the second I stood up I was like this is
not gonna happen
so I had to just cram a bunch of food in
my mouth it's kind of like if you're
ever in pain and you take medication for
like the payments and let's say advil or
something you don't want to take it
after you're already in pain we want to
get it before so you're like chase is a
pain so it's similar to that kind of
situation where I don't want to cram
food to kind of ease the situation I
need to start remembering to eat food
before I actually take the stupid
medication
I never remember I have several alarms
in my phone I'm just that big of an
idiot I just want to show you
I want my second set of trays so I'm
back to having severe lists spinning
everywhere in other weird news you can't
really see it on me but I've started the
peeling process and we went for a walk
today in my scan bubble it like freakin
bubbled up and it was so gross
so obviously that means that my skin is
going to be filling up put on more
sunscreen than you would think that you
wouldn't normally need to use I put on
like three or four different layers of
sunscreen okay
and I still burnt as bad as it is we're
using SPF like 50 now I'm gonna look
like a cow my spot it looks like fourth
of July is throwing up in the dressing
room but Caitlyn is gonna get this suit
calendar show turn straight on oh so
cute she's going actually to her friends
river house fourth of July and like if
she's never bought a fourth of July
babies who can't even stay but I have
why need have Lynette ignore everything
there you go but it's not like we're
done I can't even believe it she home
we're about to make our price list piece
of art right now very bad dog poo that's
part of the art we just take that would
put the dog poop on it purple over there
it's a little bit deeper than I want but
I'm working on my orange which is not
getting as orange as I want which means
I had that boy yellow we got the green
and black and blue and red oh my gosh
Frank's move acts like elementary school
when I learned how to do all this here's
the before ready to make an after baby
I've got some serious serious Jimmy
Neutron hair going on right now
people keep saying here's the thing how
we gonna do this like that right
very cool looking actually pretty rad
I want different color color you want I
don't know let's see
it's all of your toes looks cool though
I like the idea of you that's very cool
wonderfully
there's a blue spice you know what's
kind of sad is that there's some people
that are artists that can do this kind
of stuff and sell things for like
millions and millions of dollars I don't
know if that's actually sad or just gene
Oh get the bug in there splatter the bug
in there so he's immortalize my time
yeah we can smear it I mean it's
whatever want to do yeah
here we go
this is random you know I want to do it
this way because it just it's how I feel
that color that you did with the blue
and greens like the best reminds me of
my tattoo actually ok we're artists
naveen yeah I like that dude yellow huh
Oh miss Guinness cool and it looks cool
with the green so that actually looks
cool just that in general that whole
brush looks freaking cool I feel like
that'll just LA I got a mix it in so it
kind of yeah there you go
oh cool
what what about it there's like a hand
cut like that like that like represents
chaos sure if you want to honey whatever
you think represents chaos sure I have
such a weirdo super cool a hair slowly
people are gonna be like where'd you buy
this painting is that what about art is
this how much you can bullshit it's
actually kind of funny is there was
something that was $350 that was almost
identical to this I'm not even exactly
was three three $49.99 and it was this
size and it was identical you're
bleeding okay I think that's the
computer about art is that it's all
about what you can create it doesn't
have to be
agreed I can't I'm never gonna be
Picasso mmm might not seem like much to
but I feel like that's being on the wall
it's gonna really really rad alone the
corners are like we should put like
hands I think and make it look super
creepy they're just fingers no you want
to make a creepy a little ladies but you
know what a little ease never really
hurt anybody what a little eighties
little ladies eighties ease oh do you
another masterpiece look at the bottom
of my foot we were thinking to Alan I
were just discussing because these looks
so freaking cool is that maybe we'll
like get a couple of them and we'll
frame them and we'll auction them off
for charity kinda like we did the the
boat frame just you know little things
like that we could do for charity it's
kind of fun
you
we thought it'd be kind of fun to paint
my face - I don't know okay it's okay
I feel like to face right now oops my
tattoo needs more color
have you ever went to like a fair and
somebody's like did you paint my face
this is probably what I would do
everyone's got some paint on their feet
I got a little bit yeah I got a little
bit on my feet and I think our
masterpiece is now done and well like I
said what we're gonna do is we're
letting it like dry we're going to frame
these three things will sign them and
then maybe we'll put them like on eBay
just like we did last time without the
boat painting and we'll do brain cancer
research like we did the last time you
guys raised so much money the last time
I figured this would be another fun
thing to do if you guys think it's a
good idea so let me know in the comments
if you guys think we should do it if not
we won't we'll just keep it ourselves
your guys's called there's actually
paint on the camera right now so I've
saw a bunch of red and look at this I
thought it was paint but I'm bleeding I
sliced my entire finger open I have no
idea but apparently in that painting in
the red there's going to be authentic
red I don't think so
no this is right there yeah I was
bleeding all over my hand don't like
blood sweat and tears are literally in
that painting now right date night
don't want to cook night
that is what I deal with almost every
single day being bears one in public
let's go home at that time of the vlog
where we have to end it however Ali is
right now editing and about to upload
the first cruise video on her channel so
you can go over here and click it and go
check out our video go subscribe to our
Channel
it's the first cruise video and here's a
little bit of a sneak peek yeah it's a
it's a back of a chair the big sneak
peek it's it better than that is it more
exciting than just the back of a chair
so I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a good night I guess
Oh
