good morning Internet all I gotta say is
first in the comments I want you guys to
tell me what number you were in the
comments I just I love the game of first
and I just had to play it today I know
you guys know that Charlie's leaving for
Warped Tour in the next like what how
many days charge but one of the big
things that we kind of wanted to do is
finish some of the projects that we've
started and having you have to complete
which include the diagram feel our
craziness over there and we want to
finish the office we're just gonna try
and get as many things done but also
spend as much time together as we
possibly can I've been trying to talk to
this one about what we want to do when
it comes to I feel like the dining room
was like the one room that we haven't
really done anything to we just kind of
put a dining room table in there and
then we put his old like TV stand in
there from his living room at yes in
Sarasota
nothing really matches it's just kind of
like become like a junk area and I don't
want to be a drunk area like where we
put all the toys that yeah but I like I
feel like I really use it for one day
and then we go away yeah I want to start
having like dinners over here I feel
like it's really important that we start
getting things together and start doing
stuff oh okay what are we doing
yeah that needs to go into storage but I
don't know where can go that thinks way
too heavy it's Orlando I know it's not
in Sarasota anymore this yeah it would
maybe we can bring it for reversal we
are the worst people at decorating we
start projects we're variable I think
we're just overly ambitious like we have
all these ideas but we can't fulfill the
ideas the fair's I think is the best
thing we ever did
oh shoot it oh man something on the
walls here yeah like some frames that's
like a gradient stairwell I think that's
the coolest thing we've actually
successfully done fulfilled I should say
and then we kind of start things really
oh we should do this we should do this
we should do this and then we just kind
of get distracted by something like do
something shiny actually been telling
you no yeah I gotta be there with you
it's more fun that way yeah bitch you
gonna be gone for three months
I get in the car and this is turn to
play
I don't remember you've been given of
the CD she's stolen from on the counter
I did oh yeah guys this comes out in
this 17 Friday comes out this Friday
actually so here the 17th
it's a we the kings so far out can you
see me on there right there
like yeah do help was coming out and
what's really funny is craving this for
so long I think what it was is that the
memory of it was what I was craving
because now that I have like with 30
cans of it and refrigerator
I can't barely drink one every three
days there's we were there fun day when
the intersection with a guy who was in
this Lane and we were in that Lane and
he tried to do a u-turn and it hit our
car and then he blamed us mammaries I
feel like we do this a lot
I forget grant that's a grandma chair a
smoking pipe gather a robe and
everything at the face you're doing bin
these are cool why don't we just get a
bunch of fake fruit oh my god you're
right you're right
that's hilarious
yeah okay such a clever invention
he's the aesthetics of candle we'll make
sure you don't burn your freaking house
down do you want to just give up a piece
of wood this is Parmesan on it you're
like Tom Cruise in Minority Report
enhance you're such a weirdo
wait what's that on the table you're
such a dork I just like that idea of
being on what I like put something that
we covered throw a picture frame on that
we could put a plan in there so you can
kill it put a bird in there put a bird
in it time it just slips away I'm being
super deep over here bed this is really
good for an hour so what our glasses are
I'm sorry this stuff always starts off
as fun and then slowly turns to pain in
the ass yeah
we get you a plant that's fake so you
can't kill it all right so I think we
got everything taken care of
I'm feeling a little goofy right now if
I just apply medication so I need to get
some food like ASAP as soon as pop a
palpable possible
that's how weird I feel right now well
guess so we'll go get food I thought it
was like my shoes
all right anyway so you like no those
time help apps and Facebook how says
like even friends with so and so for so
many years or like remember this day Ali
was going through her Facebook and it
says happy friend over Surrey with
Charles Trippy you've been friends with
Charles for 10 years I'm crazy to think
about is that insane we're just like
talking about it you know we finally
figured out it's from college guys our
third or second year in college that's
gotta be where we've been friends from
now we gotta figure out what class it
was I don't know I don't close friends
no offense really I'm very selective
with my friends I'm gonna show you guys
hold on isn't that crazy
it's so cool though right when I went to
college yeah Ali and I thought cuz we
went to a store and they were selling
like all these paintings for like three
or four hundred dollars and you know
they're just like splattered on there
and all this stupid so Ali and I thought
it'd be kind of cool if we just bought
an empty canvas and make a like a
painting herself
what helps can be the more specials like
we built it or we painted this crap
alright I think gotta go pee go pee
I use it even bigger maybe I can get one
of these to make a giant boat guys and
do that for charity
it's a giant freaking boat you know that
costs so much money
actually now you know what I think we
should do as a base we should just get
spray paint this is kind of like what I
want to kind of do in the entryway so
when you walk in the house you're like
holy crap where can i buy that and the
guilty party walks away no bird house
what bird do you think walks in like
this it's like oh wait I can't get in my
house or just a heart bird or bird that
can open the doors you know just those
smart birds this is cool obviously do a
bird house a bird castle a bird rocket
these are the colors were working with
and the science of colors are that you
can get multiple colors so it was a blue
and yellow make green which one makes
purple blue and red big old dumb arms
the way some blue and yellow make green
but I still want it there you just don't
want it a leaves a green green ofoh
that's like truth apparently I didn't
even know this Ally planted an avocado
plant wait quick was this from that
actual seed that was actually from the
seed she took the seed from an avocado
placed it in the ground and that's how
you make life even realized that was an
avocado plants been sitting here the
whole time this is just gonna be the
base
I don't know how people can actually do
artwork who's just spray paint I
remember that time in New Zealand I just
tried to write CTFxC in the ground and
it looked like complete crud it looked
like a two-year-old with a left hand
like tried to do it I was putting all
these photos and these cool photo frames
that we picked out the other day I can't
remember who did this but look at this
this isn't the photo this is actually a
pencil drawing isn't it incredible I
feel like that is my payback for all the
times you forward it on my head so we
came home with these three mirrors think
this is that from Ikea and then go get a
piece of paper I mean no not paper a
little sit this down so I can help
baby your arm muscles are looking crazy
yeah you got some crazy back muscles
they lookin Craig ray cuz it studs
behind you
I'm tellin ya keep looking for studs and
they're not in front of you we did we're
lucky this time we found stood I don't
know why I did that I don't know why I
do some of the things that I do but just
like last time I never use a pan handle
the manual manhandle you're my Tim tool
time Taylor that was really hard for me
to say really give me a lift
hey guys probably becoming a gated I
feel like when we first started doing
all the stuff like that's so good I
think I think such I don't know let's
grab I feel like I'm such an idiot
with doing things and now my man card
isn't 150% you have like maybe like
three lives if we're gonna go with like
the gaming references a Mario you're
gonna have like 85% you know that's
that's true we did it now you can put
whatever design or whatever you want
inside them these tin cans you hike up
those pants hike up those pants yeah I
got that so we decided to put our
awesome paintings actually this was done
by a youtuber named Val art diary this
was given to me probably seven years ago
and it's probably one of my favorite art
pieces yeah oh I've been bringing it
wherever I go so we're up there before I
forget I'm going to fix something I've
been seeing in the comments for a very
long time I'm going to fix this frame B
for you guys a lot of you guys have been
like Charles fix it didn't break I
didn't even notice it's kind of funny
that you guys noticed that before I did
and this is what we're gonna do when
we're done this is obviously not done
done painting we're gonna do this
tomorrow yeah you'll put it right there
in the hallway we have to do it outside
because the idea we have for this thing
it's not an inside inside job
actually I don't know that's kind of a
cool place - all right Internet which
side you think's better this side or
this side doorway or the hallway there's
those look really cool with the stairs
this is obviously not gonna be here this
is the start of something magical very
excited Eddie buddy take this oh well I
feel like today was a very successful
day very interesting day we learned a
lot are you God
so I will see you guys tomorrow as
always
bye guys you're staying here you're my
pillow that little kidney being filmed
is that we don't know what that it
though this could be like the other
night
yes
