I am going right now to go get a MRI
checkup not gonna lie
kind of nervous these things kind of
suck
we had a scheduled for 10:30 but
apparently the air conditioning in the
room wasn't working so they postponed it
if you're in that little tube and then
the air conditioning on top of
everything is like not working it's just
you get super claustrophobic
is it still did the yogurt actually help
yeah I definitely felt it like on my
chest and on my arms its stomach I think
it's you take I think I'm gonna put it
like right on your butt exactly where I
said you got my drink it's going all
over oh we're all over the place so yeah
guys if you ever have a sunburn try
yogurt actually worked
I just told somebody put yogurt all over
themselves or if he secretly watched the
videos and he was trying to play a prank
that would be actually be really sneaky
prank but I would laugh my ass off funny
you got to dance in front of that thing
to open it up there you go my mom
uploading the vlog from the doctor's
westenberg yeah there we go oh my gosh
there was a guy on the cruise who is
indeed like a dealer in the casino
thumbs dragon we kept telling him that
we had to feed the baby so baby didn't
start winning by the way guys Ali's
going to do like a little montage on her
channel youtube.com slash Ali West so
make sure you subscribe are you gonna
try to get up after this video is gonna
go up today so it'll be up in like the
next day or so so make sure you
subscribe now and then that way you get
to see the whole trip
I haven't even get to see the trip yet
alright so it looks like everything is
the same
the little kidney beam still is that we
don't know if that's it though this
could be like the healing right yeah
yeah that's good
so we got good news today guys and I'm
gonna read exactly what it says and
we're gonna see how confusing this is
findings there is no interval change
since proud prior exam
there has been no regrets of right
frontal Burt protects and plastic belly
go dinner Wilma progression up in angio
genic enhancement in the interval and
the cortex be recession this is
confusing report I'm saying this is a
defect has not changed there there is
gliosis surrounding the recession site
but on the posterior margin is thickened
area of gyrus which is probably a small
area of residual tumor and the chest it
is what you do so here's my entry point
one nine is three one seven three one
three seven six five there's only four
doors the rest of the brain MRI remains
normal and below
tendr√° tentorium see confusing
short-term my brain is still there and
active in good telling chart one thing
that I looked by this doctor is like it
there's been do you see opens up that
door and the first thing he says because
he doesn't wait to sit down he just
walks on it goes the kind of rays we
have Eugene Levy my doctors are very
Eugene might be kind of guy he's very
calm is doesn't look like a doesn't
eyebrows but his demeanor is very mellow
it's just very monotone but very mellow
got the first thing I asked him though
is if I could actually donate blood and
he said I could but he doesn't want me
to because you know during my blood a
little bit so he wants me to wait till
least after warp tour and then I could
do stuff like that the chemotherapy
shouldn't have an effect but he just
really would like me to wait because I'm
gonna go on a long tour it sucks but I
have to say I'm incredibly incredibly
proud of you guys I was reading the
comments yesterday about how many people
you guys are actually going out and
donating blood or have donated blood
already my heart is so warm that you
guys would do that for people like that
from people you don't know just in
general it's a very selfless selfless
cancer it's a very selfless thing that
you guys could do and you save lives by
doing that and I just was blown away by
how many people are actually doing that
or have done that or planning to do that
so you guys can Rock such a negative
time people are
and they're doing something positive for
their community to kind of show these
people that like you might be doing
something bad but you're not gonna bring
us down and not gonna pull us away from
each other are you so has a community as
the world we are also sticking together
and supporting one another I find that
incredible
humanity is not as bad as we think it is
they're always the little little jerks
and little assholes out there but there
are there are way more awesome people
out there and I think that's amazing
that's amazing thing you should always
take away from things like that don't
feel good so look at those ears
that's eyed and we're gonna go this side
I'm gonna go that side
over here now
nobody over here pure enjoyment your
pleasure
another Zoey out here if you guys want
to want to put that on eBay it's been
ringing so much I haven't actually got
this go outside and see if the grass is
still intact
Wow it actually is it's like growing
much but it's so oh what the hell is
this obviously a mushroom what kind of
money that's gross
have you guys ever wondered how they
figured out which mushrooms kill you
which mushrooms give you high and which
mushrooms actually good for you I've
always actually wondered that like was
it always like this one dude like they
always just like hey Barry try this one
and McGary is dead and they have had a
big dance ride or something
it's weird thought I know what is always
been curious kind of weird right how you
figured that out that's the same thing
with Barry's how you figured out what
Barry's would actually kill you was
we're good no I saw that a week ago yeah
so wizard stick
want this
we're gonna have to work on it low-five
low-five thank you
or it's a go by
you smell
oh yeah it's the same thing
gee the fur good job
it has been a discovery papa
so speaking of on you mark kid same old
guys I'm so red compared deal her ass is
on my neck what do you want to be it's
so like gross and gloomy and weird today
I keep screwing with me and honestly
like I'm so burned in hers look at that
what I go put more yogurt on you I'm not
putting yogurt on me right now on my
foreheads bird I put sunscreen
everywhere but here the boxes are just
edit I'm going to be editing anyways
they're part scissors don't want to see
if I win no cuz I'm gonna win this
Carrie
Rock Paper Scissors shoot right rock
paper Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
of it Rock Paper Scissors shoot Rock
Paper Scissors shoot
I like how you you go with it the act of
doing it like like you like that's what
you're supposed to do in my paper
scissors not dealing with it ready Rock
Paper Scissors shoot Rock Paper Scissors
shoot
they were eager paper rock scissors
shoot paper rock scissors shoot paper
Rock scissor shoot paper Rock scissor
shoot I suck at it scissors rock paper
that's weird yes I shoot though scissor
rock paper she was a she
Scissors rock paper shoot scissor Rock
Paper Scissors rock paper shoot rock
scissor paper it's raining I forgot to
mention this the other day so sometimes
I have the viewfinder like flipped up so
I can see what the is in the viewfinder
the other day when I was like alright
time for some fun and I just threw some
pop rocks like that I didn't realize
because it doesn't have it up that there
was a car right behind me and now for
some fun
and I felt like such a jackass when I
was editing videos I had I known that I
would have actually stopped and
apologized to the person but it felt
like such a jackass cuz I didn't know I
thought it was just myself to being you
know goofy dumb you know whatever myself
but there was a person behind me and I
threw pop rocks and I look like a
jackass and I just wanted to apologize
to you guys cuz I just felt like so
stupid about it and I just thought of it
because I remembered the pop rocks I
have Marie here just in case emergencies
always gotta have some pop rocks wait
not pop rocks what are the topics I
gotta meet guys that waiting a pressure
or just like nervousness
it's just lifted now that I had that MRI
checkup it's always just before the
weeks or days before those I always be
like super freaking nervous but yeah the
nervousness and everything is just kind
of lifted off my shoulders
and I just feel great I feel awesome
pumps relaxed so much more relaxed and
ready to go to that stage ready for
Warped Tour look who's back guys
Mr D and his ugly-ass cat
he loves this thing so much he just
nibbles on it whoever gave him this
thing he definitely loves it
and my beard is gone all right guys I'm
gonna see you later
that's the making sense all right guys
I'll see you tomorrow good night
there was a shooting and when I'm told
over a hundred people were here and 50
were actually killed and it's
