this is actually really really I got
really upset about this okay
so if you can get through this last
night in Orlando there was a shooting
and from what I'm told over a hundred
people were hit and 50 were actually
killed and it's I don't know what to say
I got a text earlier this morning from
Ben because the first thing I heard was
shooting Orlando this happened yesterday
- which is awful with Christina but then
like I said I woke up and there was not
even exaggerating 40 text messages in my
phone and I got so freaked out like I
didn't know what was going on and as I
was reading through them I was getting
them from Ben Danny Travis and j-val all
of which live in Orlando and they were
telling me about a shooting that
happened and I immediately got freaked
out because you don't know and I don't
know I don't know what to say other than
this is this what I don't wanna say this
world is so fucked up because I don't
want to allow certain certain assholes
to ruin things for other people and to
decide that the world sucks if that
makes sense because world doesn't suck
it's as these people kind of suck they
these people do suck Ben was telling me
too
that they're giving blood everywhere and
I went to look into it and I wanted to
go give blood but I had to go look it up
and I feel so useless right now in the
situation because I can't get but blood
because of the chemotherapy for at least
I think it's three to five years so
right now I have to sit here helpless
while I can't do anything and they need
my blood
I am a B+ positive so I want to go do it
so bad and I can't do it and I just feel
this is like taking away my personal
ability to help humanity or
people who would need and I just can't
do it and it's upsetting that I can't
help these people that need to help and
I can't I honestly cannot believe
something like this happened and it's
horrific unnecessary ugly and just wrong
we as human beings have an aggressive
nature but we also have what a lot of
people refer to as a conscience or
morals and when these people and a lot
of these people do these horrific acts
and show that they have no traces of
these morals or these consciousness you
know consciousness for other people it
blows me away that you know people can
do this that can actually hurt another
human being it's just I wanted since I
can't actually donate blood myself but I
do have the availability to talking to
thousands of people like yourself that
do have that availability so I want you
guys to go after this video find your
local blood donation center and donate
blood can hopefully motivate you guys go
to go actually donate blood right now
all we can do is that it happened and I
want every one of us and I want the
entire group of people that can possibly
be around to just come together as a
community I just want to say thank you
so much I know many many of you guys
will go out and donate blood and it
makes me feel happier now knowing that I
just want to say thank you guys and yeah
not gonna lie it's been really hard to
kind of shake the beginning of today but
I'm trying still to get everything kind
of ready for Alex she's on her way home
now and the last bit of things I need to
clean are these stinky little jerks
she came over the perfect time so now I
do half the deal no she likes it when I
Drive in she's in London a slowest Bowl
ever I'm doing
oh yeah greenie Oh like I don't know
buzz green yeah but that place is like
fluorescent green like a creepy green
like should I be drinking this right now
exactly
that is ridiculous babe I think I might
have some poisoning you need to drink
some water get wait hold on
careful you can see it disappear so you
got like a white but right now you can
totally see your burnt nature now wait
look at look it it's like ridiculous
wait Lucy you can see it like right
there look at that you're like a lobster
sorry
somebody tried to tell us that we can
use yogurt so we're gonna try a while
you see right there
wait your turn what there we go
like a Coppertone baby we had to go get
out his ring adjusted the part of the
ring was kind of like moving a little
bit so we wanted to get that secured
apparently that's like a thing because
Ali's ring is a four prong wait was that
four is a four prong and sometimes you
can do six but they suggested that doing
six because it would take away from the
actual ring itself so I was kind of
moving a little bit but we got a fix now
it was weird cuz I'm when we were on the
cruise like it was spinning a little not
like all the way around like a 360 yeah
it was like spinning a little bit and it
made me nervous system cycle good please
I was like guys all I got is cruise was
great but I lost a diamond not a diamond
the big the diamond
yeah I mean that I would have to sell my
soul for when you figured halfway
through as you saw the video that was
probably the dumbest thing that she'd be
trying on with the suntan
I'm missing bad choices and we notice
we're walking around the whole mall is
the craziest obviously just a weird
freaking day last couple days have been
really weird and it's just it's like
it's weird because everyone's like it
really really quiet I think that you
know everything that happened in Orlando
over the past couple days is like really
freaked everyone out yeah it's very
eerie and theory obviously we weren't
there at the place but it's it hits
harder because you know it's Orlando and
its place we go all the time this is
home yeah it's our home it's our Florida
it's a so like anything that happens in
your state or someplace that's familiar
you kind of have this weird weird
feeling you know one thing though that
made me so happy was like hearing all of
the people coming together in Orlando
and donating blood and like that
actually really that caught me up a lot
but they need it just like in like such
a negative time like people are like
just like so much blood they couldn't
like actually do it they couldn't
collect it all and like I unfortunately
I said to beginning the video I can't
give blood which I really wanted to do
for five years because of the
chemotherapy getting out my body but I
know like I know you would if I would I
would do in a heartbeat I used to get
blood all the time but I don't know I
just think that this is like a time
where just I like my heart goes out to
everyone in anybody everyone everyone's
affected by this
it's just incredible but it's also one
of those things where it's like you
can't be affected to the point to where
like it's got to ruin your your day and
your life that makes me sense - it's a
pond yeah
uh-huh and uh
Wow good thing I'm not on my golf cart I
think it's got the 4x4 you go through
this how do you think that is I got to
show you guys it looks like the sewer is
completely
yes flooded I've never seen this ever
that is water coming up out of the sewer
like rushing out because it's just
overflowing everywhere this is
completely insane most people are just
stuck here they don't know how to get
out Wow
I like feel terrible these houses are
all like looks like they're about to get
flooded in Oh have you did it rain
I don't know hey I didn't see any rain
it's like we're at the beach the poor
girls just like screw it I know
it's like the pond in the back of my
house it's incredible it's just really
just coming out there crazy part is I
don't think people can comprehend that
this is like there's this much water on
top of that coming out like literally
just been forced over the great split it
over here too but look you can see a
rainbow let's just say that this is the
bottom of the kamiya kasshin it was
degree right here this perfect it was
probably about coming up to here so we
have a good at least like yeah like six
inches above the great enforced above I
just imagine if I went to the grocery
store like I always do in the golf cart
that wouldn't be happening and it's gone
and it's go that's where everything was
coming out right there that little
gutter do you think that was what it was
flooding and everything we were in there
maybe like 20 minutes and it's already
done
okay now just give you perspective of
what we're just looking at that's all
high the water was cuz you guys have
been really good lately with all the
raining no back off I got something more
annoying for you there you go buzz-buzz
barley
that isn't yours nope
this is yours okay Marley I got
something for you come here no good
catch
nah she's gonna think both she should
throw it at the door
so when we're at the store this
gentleman told us that I don't know if
he's actually punking us when our
playing with us he said that we should
put just plain like plain yogurt on a
sunburn and it actually helps ally put
sunscreen on you could see it like all
this like the spots that you could
actually see it but when you're on a
boat it just like nails you I remember
when I was it was it was bad this is
gonna be the weirdest thing I've ever
applied like a spoon probably nice and
cool to be honest with you how much you
got for no no I think it's supposed to
like take the sting out right and that
working yeah it's so cold you gotta give
me two seconds let me do this ah it's so
cold here fits right there put it here
so no not your body
oh my see I want to lick your body right
now it just sucks like fine
wear sunscreen yes I actually applied a
three or I've applied twice and then I
applied it again when we test you know
in it
situation where it's like you don't
think you're getting burnt you know I
mean that's the worst thing about since
like ah you hold heals otherwise Karl is
going to get a lot of grab a spoon
actually I can't please pull down
they're gonna want it some more yogurt
you're just putting on weight thick
weight thick I don't think I need a lot
probiotics right oh man I'm sorry I know
it's in committee but this is like I
mean this is really intense hurts he
wants to be funny like yeah we have
yogurts in the fridge and then full
punch this video you know that's worth
fuckin it's cold
oh there you go morning so I don't know
I maybe so I just confirmed you can do
with coconut oil yogurt or like a milk
soothing compress so it's good the guy
didn't lie to us it smells it smells
like you know smells like it's like one
sorry baby
yeah baby spits up does it feel better
yeah surprisingly yet else I don't know
if this because it's cool but actually
feels hurt but does smell that it's
pretty ridiculous actually told Charles
I'm walking parfait we're all learning
something new today it kind of does
smell just like a honey a little bit
smells like well guys I just want to say
thank you so much for watching today's
video and our hearts and prayers are
with all the family and friends that you
know had to go through this horrific
horrific thing tomorrow I have an MRI
checkup every three months I have to go
and do that to be completely honest as I
always am with these things I always get
really freaking nervous I know it's
always gonna be fine but it's just one
of those nerve-wracking things and don't
ever forget for every bit of hate in
this world there is so much love and I
think that's the true message that we
have to always remember in these times
and I love you guys I will see you
tomorrow bye guys
we don't have
