oh it is nice to be home I just had to
just go outside and just hang out like I
told you guys yesterday and watching ty
he wanted to go outside and I took his
advice I've been hanging out all day
they are wimps they want to keep going
inside I don't know what to do today I
gotta get some things done for warp tour
coming up and we have rehearsal just
before warp tour but I also don't want
to oh by the way I got my phone fixed I
think I already told you that yesterday
I'm like holding it in my possession
like so I don't drop it at all I think
what it is is the bigger phone I think I
want to go back to the smaller size i
think the big size is just too much so
you can't can't do it this just falls
out of my hands stupid I know all right
guys mosquitoes are coming maybe we
should clean up a little bit so when Ali
comes home it's nice and clean that's
what she does for me maybe I'll just
have the robot clean for me man it's
freaking cold in here compared it out
there hi you're on the side you can hang
out there if you want it my complete
lack of understanding what's going on
they go back outside I forgot to upload
the vlog
didn't tuckered out you fell asleep
Jason Chris strange gonna finally
knock out this kitchen get that annoying
area that was always cluttered gonna try
to get this taken care of do some
dusting dust dust dust dust dust trying
to sniff it oh by the way two things
it's boring and look I got I showed you
guys this yesterday this is the front
that was the back to you guys when we
did this photo shoot I think this is
what Frankie did it was funny as this as
being read in the front cover as well
obviously that's the redhead Frankie
told me that what show that was here
like hell he said he walked over and saw
that kid doing that he was just like
hold on right there a kid was like what
what's going on and I guess whoever you
are you're on the cover of the new album
to sound boring again
that your spot and I was planning on
doing a bunch of things outside to like
clean up a little bit well there goes
that plan I can tell by the water flow
right there head over here that the
leaves are clogging up the roof right
now but after all that time installing
those stupid rates didn't work you're
just gonna chill all right all on the
side have fun out there up she moved
Thunder okay Thunder buddy stick around
me or will be fine you'll be fine hang
around me okay all right we don't have
much carpet in this house but the two
little bits of carpet as you saw Tyson
rolling around need to get clean don't
go underneath all right just huddle
together that I probably best all right
you gonna ruin the cute shot it was cute
now it's just you're breaking the rules
I have to do this
I just talked to Ali really briefly she
got some Wi-Fi she was stealing it
somewhere and at some restaurant anyway
so she's trying to upload some video
clips for the vlog what she's having a
tremendous amount of issues you know
being on a giant boat middle of freaking
ocean and makes kind of sense all kind
of playful anyway so she's trying to do
that and if she can't get it in time for
the videos what we were thinking maybe
forever to kind of do is do like a
travel montage a video on her channel
that way we can get the footage and it
doesn't get thrown away into the trash
electronic trash I'm trying right now to
kind of clean the house and have it nice
and clean because I know what it's like
to go traveling for a long time and
coming home and having to clean so I
want to have a house like spic and span
if you will and that way when she comes
home she can just enjoy yourself and
relax and I'm not going on where but I
don't know what it is cleaning is really
weird i love cleaning and that sounds
really weird they actually say out loud
because i know a lot of people hate it
just that feeling of
cleanliness is just I mean you guys
probably see it on the tour bus like I
know the rest of the band they make fun
of me for that because I'm cleanest
person I want to see the clean this
person on the bus but I'm like super
like like germaphobe I mean she does so
much freaking work like she goes out of
the way that just for me for other
people and I just feel like this we
gotta make the nice little extra little
surprise for I know it sounds stupid
surprising my fiance by cleaning the
house which I sure already do but you
know what I mean
you
got my grocery shopping done or at least
my shampoo shopping so that way i can do
the carpets and i can clean the dogs I
got to get some food resurrect on food
in the house till I started feeling that
great now feel like super freaking loopy
ice because I ate my Manhattan as I took
my medicine without like kind of on an
empty stomach which you're not really
supposed to do it all on any medication
I just did it cuz I for that I do that
sometimes didn't I do that the worst is
when I do that and I have to play a show
against me man I'm every time
sometimes I wish obviously that my brain
would be better and it's getting better
obviously but I wish that there was
something that I can take or do that
would just get rid of that feeling and
it sucks so bad speaking which I have an
MRI on monday so I'm a little nervous
about that but I I've been feeling great
so I'm not too too worried or too
nervous about it so globe steps on the
eye of the Sun that very handy and now
for some fun guys what's do something
funny before I start cleaning and making
everything nice just ice cubes ready
Marley does not like ice cubes or does
she know they're not flavored this dude
will eat anything you drop some water
and frozen just water you guys remember
that one time where I dropped a line
like an actual climb half a lime and he
ate it was the whole line whatever it
was ridiculous this day is turning into
a very very annoying day I cannot get
anything to work so it's just kind of me
wasting the day like I think I'm being
productive and then I look down for
example I think this thing is working
and then I look down not my robots of
upside of all over the place where
robots broking little annoyed this isn't
working the robots not working so what I
have to do things manually what the hell
just kidding all right pirate
I feel very very cooped up right now so
I figured actually it wasn't my idea he
just started barking and started running
out to the door what what you think
you're gonna do buckle we have a wagon
it here so you can walk them come on
good boy you kicking some butt right now
dude somebody got tired
I've got to give it to Tyson though
remember when he had four legs and how
bad he felt he feels way better up with
three legs Tyson is a beast though he's
protect my mom from a dog attack he's
had two ACL surgeries he's lost a leg
what else numbskull I don't know how was
it does this you're a big boy it's like
double the exercise when you do it this
way Tyson put your wiener away focus
buddy ready you are a rank or good catch
I didn't get as much as I wanted to get
done because things started breaking but
I still got some time because Ali's
coming home tomorrow I think in the
afternoon I'm not quite sure it's
actually been the longest I've actually
gone without speaking to her because you
know her phone's off no reception it
really kind of sucks because I'm always
around her you know we speak every day
and she's she's essentially my best
friend you know I miss her a shitload
from when I was talking to her loss is
having a blast and that's the most
important part I wanted my little sister
to have an amazing birthday and I'm so
happy that Ali was able to go with her
and make sure that she has one who I
sister is she's such a nice girl and
she's such a what's the word I want to
say she's like a like innocent innocent
I guess would be the best way to
describe a very innocent girl or woman
now she's 32 him my sister's 30 so she
wouldn't normally go out of her way to
go and do something crazy like go on a
cruise by herself I'm actually really
really happy I've actually was I talking
to I was talking to somebody about how I
love the fact that alley and Melissa are
able to be so weird together you know
you guys see it all the time of the
videos like I think I'm weird but when I
see them together
I get embarrassed sometimes how weird
they are I'm still feeling it for last
couple days and I just don't want to be
over exhausted because every time I am
that's usually what happens if I don't
drink water or I'm exhausted or don't
get enough sleep you know bad things
start happening I've been really
honestly taking your advice as much as I
possibly can and I would feel really bad
though I honestly feel guilty when I
don't get to do like crazy things in the
videos yesterday was an insane day you
know we got to play live on television I
thought that was kind of cool I'll be
completely honest I feel sometimes
guilty when I can't do something
incredibly entertaining I shouldn't say
entertaining incredibly outrageous
because I would hope these videos are
always entertaining for everybody out
there we had this conversation all the
time and I know you guys already
understand what I'm talking about like I
don't know what you guys are coming from
too so I will spare everybody that
conversation anyway I feel really tired
I will see you guys tomorrow thank you
so much for watching don't forget to
subscribe and have a great night bye
guys cap1 see a magic trick
we're hitting nd i'm not want to
