good morning internet work in an office
is like we're gonna disrupt the US
economy today everything you watch on TV
is a lie all right we're those cds do we
have to fire yeah they found him great
what's up friend there you are so these
are the cds i haven't seen myself this
comes out june seventeenth we're signing
the covers right now well that's all the
time we have for today thank you so much
again my name is travis clark and this
is let's go we're trying to keep the
energy up right now but why is this here
Frankie let me see your shirt it was the
key literally walked out with this shirt
it was it fuzzy only one that really was
we got the new one for tour this is for
summer there's Radio City Music Hall
it's kind of weird to see radio city
right right there get close boys I'm so
close
everyone quiet on the set they're
recording that that shut up shove that
 all right Danny show what you got
to do in the background of the shot
before bed
I've done
Oh
hey so Danny's over here absorbing the
light just my thighs and hot and then
we're just gonna paint over here and
then thank you others umbrella and Ben's
killing and Disney what Frankie prints
wall sorry I finally own a copy of our
new album Oh only because I took it out
of the box honey what's your advice for
sandwich seriously looking all handsome
there hunter good night I just did my
house beyonce's makeup did a great job
that I here they go for it is that
amazing amazing job so you doing he's
gotta get the eyelashes too yeah I'm
dating my snake look at this guy I'm
sorry this is very unprofessional I you
to purchase the trap I think your mom's
over there
mom
so they're going to point anyway like
we're really happy one minute so Danny's
got this really funny joke about the
difference between him and a pile of
bricks the bricks eventually get laid
hey we'll see you guys next summer
you know this platinum-selling rock band
for their hit song check yes Juliet
another new signal is going by there no
album so far well first I have to give a
shout out to all of our background
dancers that showed up very early he
actually John Stamos actually you know
he gets compared a lot to Johnson with
John Stamos actually tweeted him saying
that Kohli was better-looking which is
you know ya boo you guys agree right yes
his right in my left we have hunter
thompson he started the back my best
friend Charles Trippy on way and then my
very good friend Danny Duncan let me ask
you did you name the band before you got
the tattoo or after the band hit turbo
speed I got the tattoo I was like hey
guys so we really need to stick with
like a we the kings EK just about 20
minutes from right now you're going to
start your our loan concert right here
if you're in the area come on man in 48
and six afternoon ladies and gentlemen
we the king 30 30 work to watch Batman
let's go and live life here we go Taylor
vision right now for your beautiful face
there buddy I don't know how to turn
around so i might buy coverage fun
longer
you're going to cut them off here right
here if you get beat up I'll give you
all this is happening how does it feel
to be recorded by the worst bloggers
substitute blogger for Charles frippery
I came from ounces maiya that's air
lying to do a very summertime version of
our set which would be like a run run so
we have to wait between the segments and
Kevin talking
my buddy Thomas I'm magician four
engines gives me these all the time the
flash paper trap what's your magic trick
I do it again I'm not want to see this I
can't see this i'm walking away yeah
that was a little scary if I was you
later I'll fire dolly wait where do we
get those from Thomas doing it more so
Danny made me break my phone he's like
should we go back to the hotel I was
peacefully watching a video I'm like
okay I guess we should I got up and my
phone is now broken because it won't you
miss a key you got up you dropped
your own phone because I had to go back
to the hotel cuz Danny wants to go back
to the hotel that's for a car is so
Danny broke my phone way to go buddy now
as all Michael I had to stir that yes
this is an otterbox to a little pissed
off i guess i can't protect protect
against me parties alright so now i'm
just waiting for the car to come pick us
up and i gotta tell you guys I'm
actually pretty upset right now but I've
kind of found out in my life that things
are things and you got
to go even though they follow their
break all the time I was actually really
trying really hard i got the good case
for it and everything just in case they
don't know it's fragile going back home
I told you guys it was gonna be less
than 24 hours I was checked into my
flight home on like that was checked
into my flight home all of you Thomson
thanks say to mom reasonable yes
smells good a life going home some
reason that just felt like the longest
freakin Flay ever found a sandwich and
now I go see might get my phone fixed
kind of started the thing guitar keys
and get more stickers on it I told the
lady and she kind of piled it up mind is
a brand new case I convinced thankfully
zach is carrying some of the heavier
equipment because I have to take the
guitar equipment into the apple store I
figured this is my plan I bring this
stuff maybe low rushing through quicker
they really hope I don't deserve for
them to get me in there but it would be
really freaky nice so I got to give a
huge shout out to Kevin over at the
apple store got it all fixed I promised
Kevin I will not drop it until warp tour
then somebody else might drop it and it
still won't be my fault or it might be
my fault but I'll just blame Danny
anyway that's how you know you're home
dad is not your shoe I've been gone for
weeks i watch watch the balls watch the
balls what are you doing that for even
though I'm I'm so funny she put the
thing together I knew she couldn't just
come here and just relax my mom can
never just relax she had to work it's
nice though that's there in this thing
back in my day we had to wait 15 minutes
to get on the internet and we had to
plug it in through our phones oh hey so
you know quite good girl zoe's a good
dog huh I really good dog you're the bad
loud one and yeah this is like the best
thing to come home to I ordered three
cases of ecto cooler like I said guys
not a sponsor but effective cooler once
it keeps anymore I had to pay for these
ones I will totally drink them
mmm sugar goodness I'm sure is that well
that's a lot I think this is a kid mom
no wonder a spaz out as a kid I'm gonna
sit in my little rocking chair Ali's
wreck and cherish to say I just want to
say thank you guys so much for coming
out today it's a show filming whatever
it was it was really cool there were
some awkward moments because you know
like I don't know if you could tell in
the video they were telling us to wait
between segments and then it would cut
back to them in the studio then what do
we do we're just like totaling us thumbs
tellin stupid jokes for everyone was
there you know exactly what I'm talking
about for everyone who was not there I
tried to leave a bunch of it in the vlog
so that we kind of got the feeling I'm
also exhausted but blown away at the
same time I mean really think about it
yesterday I flew to New York City from
Florida across the country played a show
this morning flew all the way back home
across the country and it got back home
the same day a matter of hours I know
that sounds stupid when you really break
it down to that power that you can
travel that fast like cross the world in
a matter of hours this is totally random
I know I was kind of thinking about
because i was so tired and then I was
complaining about to myself because I
was so tired and then I realized I
should shut up because I just traveled
across the country in a matter of hours
stop complaining I feel like this is a
cherub I can just sit down this talk and
have a conversation I've never actually
played on a television show never
thought I'd actually do that let alone a
live television show kind of crazy when
you think about what you thought of as a
kid what you wanted to do and then what
you would end up doing in life for
example I wanted to actually run this by
you guys this arm is representative
everything I wanted to do as a kid you
know wanted to be an astronaut you know
spaceman that's why I'm a spaceman
around here and this arm I was thinking
of making this a sleeve of everything
that I am I currently am now I make
things on the internet Wi-Fi you know
I'm in a band all that stuff I don't
know it's kind of thinking that would be
kind of a cool idea of themed tattoo
so like what I wanted to be as a kid
what I ended up being as an adult I know
it sounds cheesy and I know a lot of
people say to you and I know you
probably hear from these vlogs a lot I
honestly we believe if you wanted
something truly bad enough and you work
hard enough you will get what you want
you know you can be a dragon so that's
the whole thing be a dragon
that's why I had this thing on my arm
and I think that's completely true and I
i hope if anything these vlogs are kind
of a living proof of that but in all
honestly guys I'm freaking exhausted
right now i woke up at 5am we SAT around
the stage till 7am and then at 8am we
played the show and then we hung around
the area I went out I met a bunch of you
guys so if I met you guys hello if you
got did if I didn't I'm sorry come to
warp tour and we will high five and hang
out but I wanted me a bunch of guys
before leaving and then Danny been in on
itself we went to the airport I went to
the wrong terminal long story short got
on the plane and now I'm freaking Josh
fell asleep on the plane so hard you
don't like when you fall asleep so hard
when you wake up you feel like kind of
like scared like it's stupidly like one
of those kind of things that's what I
did Ty's hanging out with me for a
little bit so Ali and Melissa get back
from the trip cool bro anyway guys okay
so don't forget to subscribe two guys
are brand new and that way we can see
you guys see I'm so tired I chemistry
that way we could see each other every
single day I'm just gonna leave that in
because it just shows how tired an
authentic I'm exhausted and I think what
Ali gets home we're gonna actually start
planning the wedding I think Ali has
found an area where she can go get a
wedding dress so she's gonna take you
guys on a little trip I think I don't
know if I'm supposed to tell you that
that's why you're supposed to subscribe
and I just like okay sorry a TD i just
lost a frequency in my ear Kohli told me
this you know like every once in a while
you hear like a ringing year like just
all the sudden so the key
like a pitch I'm and I'm like all over
the place that means you are losing a
frequency so that that that high-pitched
noise I mean you probably can correct me
if I'm wrong that you will never hear
that frequency ever again you just lost
that frequency and as you play music and
get older you here more often so you're
just like up well I'll never hear that
frequency again that's why older people
can't hear student frequencies younger
people can again correct me if I'm wrong
but wow I didn't know what have been
talking about the last couple of minutes
I will see you guys tomorrow I guess I
think it's all the sugar okay bye
ok
