I have to get on a plane and probably
about 30 45 minutes but I felt really
guilty even though I'm gonna be gone
like I'm in a 24 hours I've given the
girls and I said well call for a ride
but of course is raining so I'm hoping
that my plane will be delayed and the
camera spotting him like crazy
the humidity right now in Florida is
astronomical as you can see on the
camera I can't fix it right now I just
have to wait it out I've been having fun
on snapchat while waiting for this plane
if you guys have not added me on
snapchat they added this cool little
feature now where i can give you guys a
link it's just Charles Trippy but if
you're lazy like me I'll put a link down
there in description you click there and
you can add me now we can have fun
throughout the day on snapchat because i
like the goof around and make stupid
faces that usually don't make it into
the vlog actually i should say a lot of
mix until a lot but super secret stuff
doesn't like i got ali would choose
packing last night right there and more
fun to come so make sure to add ally
myself i'll put the links down in the
description I'm having way too much fun
over here
I miss some the fun thing about this
trip is that I get a direct flight there
and I get a direct flight home so I get
to sleep and read and be super nerdy and
not have to go through atlanta for the
first time in years I don't actually
remember the last time I haven't had to
go through atlanta
officials to the dimension
I actually get fed
you guys want to leave just got to New
York looking for the Kenya driver I was
with fancy when they always have those
people like with my name on it so I'm
trying to find them right there I was
sitting next to one of those people that
don't talk the entire flight until they
are landing and then they have to tell
you everything about them which is cool
i like talking to people on planes look
like it's always kind of funny like it's
always the last like maybe a minute and
a half an airplane flight and then you
learn a lot about people I'm just poking
the base get to your time otherwise I'm
not really playing on guitar come on
awkward show got the base we're lucky
good
oh there is how's it going buddy that's
me let's go yeah you might I got it my
door buddy beautiful just roll it ok
how'd you rock paper scissors
Mike refuses to let me do it he's a
strong man
gonna be very careful Mike my sandwiches
in there get me my big sandwiches in
there he's hot yeah I'm just messing
with you buddy how's your day going yeah
good well yeah good good just got in got
out of the car and how you realized I
didn't have the camera I almost left the
camera in his car right there that would
have been a short vlog immediately think
I'm the only one here right now
my yab minus 90 so I'm in New York we'll
meet up with Frankie and Zach and rusty
guys are coming in little by little this
is a smallest elevator and get back on
since was it finland no was it finland
with choline hunter got stuck in the
elevator guys remember that hi please
tell me without more than just the key
it's just the key it's just the cute
look it's Ellen DeGeneres
right Bob Zach whoop Francois back there
and it's been a while since we've seen
Francois on Zach apparently we were
super close x square we're going car
center they're going to talk course once
we get through his nine thousand people
of course we do where was supposed to
play was a 48 and sick
walk it through the fence was finding
random pills random pills in the city
Wow actually that's actually really
scary thing yeah it's like this is a
catch-22 if you give them pretty hot and
say you found that you might arrest you
but if you keep with it until we throw
it away and am I gonna rest you might
get arrested so like what do you got
drop it off like the first just give it
to someone is that what you do super fun
me I'm a friend sees it looks like they
need it I think he's dressed you put
over it on a side of the road and just
where you find it odd about it in a
plant the suddenly did the exact same
thing you probably doing really bad
thing is i reached all the way inside
don't worry guys we're not taking it
we're gonna responsibly get rid of it
we're gonna wet it watch it we should
get Danny the rubber tip one the plastic
carbon fiber ones we know how much you
love that oh my gosh say oh dude they're
not supposed to break that's when we got
you one hand gloves and gloves hey do
you think here I go ahead leave a song
we cover that song Zoe in ha ha hey and
there done that
fancy pants over here swag let's go hope
this one young man what you gonna
swaddle robert downey jr's here in Cairo
squad gold nobody 20 you know I was like
was like no no no catch each boy but he
actually made a cheaper cuz like no
sports for everyone else a what here
just ten bucks lucky jim ward off the
best part is you gave one guy the money
he's going like mad again with a lot so
I was like I use boxer yeah that's the
best flight go photo God you'll fear I
love gold photo Squanto squad salon gold
squad cool photo hey fast squad go for
Scott goes for big school squad oculus
butter why go further I found it's hard
to not say gold yeah school squat goal
give them catching so i'm gonna i can
see photo squad go foot I say go Michael
the fact that we're just sitting in the
ER trying to feed yourself she just
makes me laugh so I thought the season a
street please tell us exactly what we're
doing wrong
what is it so good
how is awesome I didn't call it like the
causal detail that was money well spent
for real right I really would give me
happy really good it all it cost you
fifty five bucks yeah yeah there's that
there's a club okay hold on go bus go
right there that's where the Bulldogs
take Zach get out of the way all right
guys this is where we're gonna see you
guys tomorrow we'll be playing on this
corner right here forty eight and six at
what time like am I don't know I'm there
I'm there at two in the morning he's at
UNM hey that's where we're gonna be
tomorrow morning so we'll see you guys
here tomorrow there's first hundred
people like i was saying get a signed
copy of a CD we haven't released and I
don't even have a copy you have a copy
do you have a copy I haven't even seen
like an email like retracted better get
him getting out she's like turn the
camera here we go we r we going Ben Ben
wants to go to magnolias so bad right
now okay your water yeah gallon a day
I'm actually he has I'm so far behind
and I floated
I want to see how how long it takes me
drinking water be careful there's
actually people that I've got a phone
with p.m. I'm fun sitting on the toilet
doing you want to join me not on the
toilet we can share the gallon
that ye are you although the death hall
so on camera I want you to say I'm not
responsible for this you're absolutely
not responsible this is all the scene
this is all been I don't recommend this
but Ben is going to try to drink a
gallon of water half an hour half an
hour less okay that's good that's good
at first he said 10 minutes I got
concerned minute that's why I told him
to say it on camera because I didn't
want him herself I'm gonna die I'm
concerned he's a big boy yeah that's
pretty impressive half a gallon oh you
pretty bad the banana pudding yeah where
you gonna put it like gonna stuff it
down into the in my legs feel like super
swollen right now I think out was 12
almost 12 minutes yep this is probably
not healthy put hydration is key don't
don't don't you do you come in you're
scaring me now
you're scaring me I don't want to come
over there to pull you back in cuz I
feel like I my tax lien push you get
back dinner get back in here dude this
is awesome you should like I'm looking
right at time square the fair I'll walk
out there but only if you get in get two
things Bennett's almost got it and then
second thing I think I found a trap door
I'm not kidding look at this go like
that hello so close this is bombing it
was a trash can nobody takes me to fold
we're gonna document this feat been you
want some water ah well technically
technically Oh Maddie gets bonus points
for that one technically I can feel it
like me for bed 77 107 second Hey look
who's back this
hello Internet sure the piggy screen
oh yeah she likes that you might be able
to get it in her mouth baby girl what's
that baby girl there we go we gotta be
glad for new york
frequency I Drive goes from here to here
I started pushing clintus stroll around
without complaint
this guy he's got tattoos big suchan
there's a click go baby and she's not
there she's not even looking at me the
whole time good night we'll see you
tomorrow all right so I'm going to
finish it in the vlogs and I gotta wake
up like 5am and then we have a freakin
show first time ever I'm gonna be
playing at like 6am or seven a.m. for
this thing it's gonna be really fun to
my first time ever doing a talk show
kind of show so it'll be really
interesting obviously I would bring you
guys don't forget to subscribe you guys
are brand new and i will see you
tomorrow bright and early bye guys I
didn't do anything there's something
stick it's not supposed to I don't think
I want to get my bill just another guard
this is a car you want to want to get
your you
