hi do you want attention shut up little
hog hi good morning internet so i went
to look Zoe out to go to the bathroom
and she comes back I don't know if you
guys can see how wet her head is cameras
all fogged up because it's so humid out
there you go now you can clearly see
what she's been doing all rights go back
in the house it's too freaking humid
weird it looks like a port on the side
but we were driving over there remember
when I was just saying it was sprinkling
you guess what I kept driving
we were too ran right into the rain I
think I told you that one story but one
time I was a kid I was chased by the
rain it was at the end of my street
growing up at my friend's house and it
was like right behind me like like a
monster chasing me and I granted to the
house my house once I got to the house
and it just started pouring rain but I
was like inches in front of it kind of
like when you think of ever disaster
movie and you're just out running the
like tidal wave or something like that
it was kind of like that on a less
frightening dramatic way i should say
these dry right here
ice cream man literally I went looking
for that guy like three weeks ago and
now it's like can't get rid of them Carl
let me see your tongue
it's red because I haven't snuck out and
jelly bean I couldn't chew it
cuz your little things there's my teeth
Ali keeps calling me Carl Carl I was
saying i don't even know i meant say
Charles but I came out as Carl and I
would just start laughing and I'm like
holy crap on defeating let's cuddle okay
Ali's been on this like weird kick last
night we're going to bed and she just
started giggling for no reason she just
kept looking at my lip and giggling and
she's losing her mind a little by little
tracing your son luck bring me lady
tonight she's been doing that for the
past not exactly I'm not even
exaggerating 30 minutes William pick up
the car and 4pm be late I don't even
think those are the words the hood take
it away your coffee yeah hey when this
isn't funny no watch no way take that
I'm not gonna mess with it watch watch
watch that's why it's fun don't working
how people I've seen a million people do
this hey I just wanted you to do that
I'm there it's working now oh you want
to try on ical bathing suit literally
hmm you look like a cow it's kind of a
fancy honey you look like a cow you know
the fat of like one piece bathing suits
yeah for women I can never pull it off I
just I look so awkward that's cuz you're
so tall nike you get a beeper shirt yeah
there we go that's kind of like you
hashtag always napping hashtag truth
yeah
you got bigger ball so the super ninja
turtle one should get a bigger one this
one's all goofed up to you could easily
make that croissant roll on your head
since Ali has finally started her
channel as been posting on our channel
we were trying to think of some cool
ideas and I think she should actually
start painting a little bit more like
speed art because we need some stuff in
a house and I don't want to buy like
gimmicky like like pre-done art so I
think that I want you guys to encourage
her so that way she starts painting a
little bit more otherwise I'm gonna be
painting you don't want that like
artistic flow recently like I used to be
able to look at something like I'm
exactly one minute to and now paint a
pair I want you to paint a pair so I
want to pair I'm noticing something
right here I was like really thinking
about getting a beanbag chair this is
gonna sound really really stupid that
beanbag chairs are just not what they
used to be they used to be like harder
pellets and now they're like these
cheaper like foam pellets I want to get
like a really big one I think that'd be
really comfortable oh no embarrassed now
I mustache is showing you have a
mustache
my old lady I both you don't have old
lady eyeballs no apparently like smile
lines make me look old yeah you look
super old so I read the comment and it
was like you look so old cuz your eyes
on my foot dog fuck that's true that's
exactly what she's nice huh I'm like the
knows it okay let's just get real right
now sometimes when i read the comments I
get really sad I like it really sad like
holy crap someone legitimately said that
and was okay with writing it like you
know someone wrote that's something
about my snaggletooth is finally looking
better number one yeah I'm gonna find
the hilarity cuz be like zero movement
so I don't know what you're looking at
you'll have a snake that's why it's
funny it sounds like a lead really
pretty day night yeah if you think some
with old lady eyes looks good you got it
you gotta think of the funny like when
you say girls that have no wrinkles
there's a reason there's no wrinkles
here okay it's like it's a smiling hi
guys like like if like when you smile
smile normal smell new spell I'm smiling
okay so you have a little crease in
right
now that's not normal no do you know
what I'm I just so that you know and you
guys are all good i wish i was getting
real i got a real i got some new I'm
lotion to take away my grandma eyes okay
hashtag truth hashtag real life have
shagged women in their 30s I wrinkles
God so we're trying to print some actual
photos for the house we don't have any
photos at the house they put the old
ones we did a long time ago how do you
select the top right nope the new thing
I'm starting to do is just take them
straight out back so that way tomorrow
ladies not jumping like a crazy dog
Marley shouldn't care now come here come
here relax where the heck's relax we
tried this yesterday at work okay I got
used to not hanging it'll work
eventually so rather than doing the was
it called like with the lacing with the
eyebrows we thought it'd be more fun to
try to do Ali's eyebrows ourselves I
don't know I don't think I'll ninjas
I've never worked my Ross I'm like oh I
don't think this is gonna be good idea i
will give you one my ecto coolers how do
i remove the wax so do i used to get
enough of these things place color guide
on bro so like oh it's cover your broad
I bro I'm not sure I really don't feel
like he's gonna be good I spread a smile
a little sleepwalking you're waxing my
face what's on it for it took cloth know
that I think if anything maybe a little
bit of rubbing alcohol do you not
remember rough laxing me that one time
yeah but I had paper that's what this is
yeah but you don't use this paper but
these they have paper don't they give
you like a paper
paper that's freaking out so the wax
becomes a piece of paper Oh God yeah I
don't know I want to do if I don't know
if I'm gonna do this I don't know if I
wanted to do this you're in too deep
babe I hate Stacey so bad kind of
highbrows do you have I don't think this
is a good idea gosh I do anything
there's something stick it's not
supposed to I don't think I want to do
this wrong I think I should just pluck
my eyebrows maybe I'll just do the
central part and then go from there and
they'll tweets arrest this is the part
that sucks do you want to want to get
you ewing out who does this anymore why
do people do this I don't know how gross
is a girl up what do they get hairy guy
goes like that what is it different for
every way don't Goomer waxers I bro you
got a big unibrow wait don't pull up I
get to pull off no so this one as this
one right here has to go up doesn't have
to trial it has to go down okay no
choice i told you this this one's got to
go up wait which one the bottom one so
this one goes down see this why we need
tweezers we have tweezers fuck just go I
can't get up see I can't get it did you
get it yeah this is a baby that wasn't
bad yeah I know it wasn't bad is big old
baby but it didn't pull her out of me
eyes son oh this one's gonna hurt what
is it what's gonna do it Oh take a seat
just go to go three four go just go just
pull it God why do you go fly never go
slow
I like this the anticipation is so fun i
look i just love waiting is watching you
at the cringe that's my favorite part
about the whole situation too I think
that was the best one look at all that
shit come this is one alright guys well
I got finished packing because we got to
go to New York tomorrow actually Ali's
going to a cruise with Melissa for a
birthday and I have a show in New York
for that talk show so hopefully i'll see
you guys in New York if not i'll see you
in the vlog tomorrow's always have a
good night bye guys oh it's so hard to
write good yeah boo I will find I was
snatcher ball I have a very long blinks
man
