branch so good afternoon Internet
I am currently trying to get some makeup
off my face because I just got done
filming my very first Q&A on my channel
char is actually getting the ring
appraised right now because you know we
had to get a new ring so we had to get
that appraised before I went on my trip
to the hahaha I'm sorry I'm so excited I
like I love summer and I'm so ready for
it I know you're pretty excited about
that
storm being gone huh yeah what about you
or my you're always under here I wish
time I come see you you're under here
what about you my girl you were the one
who was hurting the most from this you
just did not like it you said you know
what I'm gonna get in your bed and I'm
gonna just roll all over you because I'm
so afraid and I'm a snuggle between your
legs I don't want to make sure that you
were so uncomfortable that you can't
sleep at all so that I can sleep my baby
girl yeah I always feel so terrible when
the dogs are so frightened by the storms
and China I did like a lot of research
last night on like what to give them and
what not to get them and you know what's
something that's gonna really like calm
them down and make them feel better and
we tried that but Zoey we also discover
that as dogs get older they get a little
bit more anxious you on the other hand I
think you pretty much slept like a log
you didn't move at all after Chuck
crochet oh that's his ugly cat guys he
loves that thing you like him was the
weirdest thing that he does I don't know
what he's doing what are you doing there
boy because that really like turd part
just kind of does bite bite bite bite
bite bite it's weird
yes you are you're a freak so I had to
go to the jewelry store to get this
afraid
for insurance purposes so when Ali
leaves for cruise you know anything
happens it's insured son got the ring
appraised know how much is worth so I
gotta give this to the insurance company
so you know it's nice and safe
Sally's always so afraid of like taking
it anywhere like the beach and stuff
like that so it's nice to have that like
security so I'm just like looking for my
uber right now it's app and it's about
the rain more of course it is that
tropical storm stupid Collin calm down
I'm gone maybe out losing all your hair
deep breath in in did I pay attention a
long time you're so calm
he's like your so called to everybody
I'm trouble I just wanted to say hi hi
you kidding trouble coming boys
good enjoy
good boy nice and calm - how can you
guys like almonds
I'm glad you will recall when she wasn't
big you guys want to see some damage in
their neighborhood I kind of want to go
see if there's any looks like the entire
freaking tree fell down here
it sounds like Ellie seeing like the
other thing on her new video she did
like a question and answer video on a
new channel if you guys didn't know I'll
put a link down in the description for
it I had an idea
didn't work what today we're all duds do
any of them work
how's the editing coming I just started
just started it
moment of truth see if my sod is still
alive well still I've kind of got
screwed up in the water it's okay
still got faith a little bummed I'm not
gonna lie a lot of time doing this stuff
yo home dog what you doing up on my roof
what's going on do you have to clean all
the gutters out is that a-- you're not
going to or is that a No
Charles don't put those up there if you
have to clean them they're gonna clean
those yeah you do no I already clean
them is what I'm saying look at look
into the camera and promise me you
already clean them I promise I clean no
stop looking away look into the getting
into the gutter the problem is these
little lip right here where they go up
and they shouldn't go up I think no
they're right I think you're putting
them on upside down home oh honey this
is the size up I think your grace alone
wrong babe wait it let's see I see
nothing about screen side up that's
wrong you're right I guess you're right
okay what makes sense thank you I just
you realize that you just made up your
own direction well that makes sense
Charles well how is it which way is
easier to wipe something off when it
easier just go like that versus like if
you were like this but I think the
reason why they do that is because it's
loose over here I really don't think I
think I'm right I think that the
directions are probably something good
to follow but call me crazy because I
don't know everything
think you might be wrong fuck you branch
you tell me which is the right way see I
was doing it the right way which is the
right way actually you might be right
that's right I want to say it into the
camera no but but you think when you're
in the direction to the say what's the
right way to do whichever way fits
oh let's create this we're a tree and we
got these annoying seeds by the way does
anyone know what kind of seeds these are
they always clog up the gutter they fall
down what the hell this come from when
did that happen literally just put that
up there okay it falls down doesn't clog
up the gutter
simple inventions duper here II wait is
this how you do it look it it's a
torrential downpour sorry you know I how
much do we have that's good that's good
just use all the rental cars I don't
think you guys like when we're editing
yesterday like man I really make
obnoxious noises that the weirdest
moments during vlogging I like me to
chill out my weird noises I don't I'm
embarrassing best sticker I've ever seen
that's awesome I need to give it for
trav and Jenny happy birthday
we are all here for this young lady's
30th birthday yet one foot in the grave
there Melissa
Moe so tell us here will I'd be on this
little sweetie bang you're sweet but
with their teen just be originally it
has to be brewed by
you look so confused
I really have a hard time graphic he
wants really she wants sweet too
no it doesn't make sense I haven't
figured it out either
one thing I love about the trapeze is
that they can eat and they can eat their
weight in food so Papa trippy just tried
the corn tamales did it blow your mind
so good did you fall for it curly
I genuinely doesn't know me earlier
I'm not none better no bring Paris you
know you're lying
do you not see it to know I'm Lissa
there's something there right no get it
come on peg leg you're doing it wrong
something at this fragile on it day two
of Tyson why he's like I hit my head I'm
gonna go to bed now gonna make the noise
again a crazy freakin noise he walks
like the monster from Cloverfield I know
he does it's been the Tyson show last
couple days yes it has Oh catch if you
were to ever have to like feed my dogs
I'm like something like that
I think Zoe Marley would easily show you
where to go just play the game hungry
hungry doggles don't worry guys that'll
all be picked up by apparently Marla you
don't want to play the game go put the
game sometimes it's a way for me to
distract them and gives us that
something to do
Diesel's playing look how slow he is at
it marlis already cleaned up the entire
floor by the time diesel comes out to
play dig and play no dug ball dang that
sucks
whistle the hell are you doing with that
noise don't play this is one good thing
about owning your own home is that
there's no one to tell you can't play
dodge ball in the house sir knocking
glass things down that's when you
realize you probably shouldn't be doing
it and that your parents were correct
you gave up your luck you love that now
I'll cut you of the Sherpas fucking
Tonio better get a diesel get her okay
bring it oh it's so hard to breathe huh
yeah poop I was fine I will snatch a
ball I have a very long wingspan oh all
right
we are going to say good night if you
guys have not gone into Ali's channel go
to youtube.com slash Ali West
she has brand-new video that she needs
to be doing right now but she's
currently on the ground
so hopefully right into the video so I'm
so sorry
oh oh you're so bad
oh okay anyway I'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to subscribe go
check out Ali's video
don't like bitch go here go sit your
goober
