scared girl well I'm not sure we're
gonna be going to the beach today listen
to that at least the gutters are working
is totally flooding in our backyard
right now there's like a tropical storm
that's coming today tomorrow it's
actually gonna just be like non-stop
porn all freaking day for the summer
welcome to it what's funny you always
say that I say around occult oh it all
over the place but you know what you do
your kick you go to bed I'm trying to
suck in this fit I'm trying to second
spit so he's making fun of me because
everyone's got a court yeah some people
say oh man well apparently I have a yeah
I don't think that i actually have what
he's talking about that yeah that you're
gonna edit it and you're gonna give it
no i think it's just cuz like all right
I'm getting these today is it weird that
I think it's so funny that you keep your
feet together like that when you edit
you always do it stay like snug next to
each other like guess what I'm your best
friend big toe no I'm your best friend
big toe and just like that it is not
sunny with relatively not crappy so
we're gonna try to check out the beach
and see how I bleach yeah bleach is not
not now we put a pause on the bleep six
years old I I called his sister or
Hillary told me earlier it's like we're
doing sales like while we were going to
the beach but instead where do you
bleach let me see she's like what that
sounds really weird the reason why is
because our granite countertops it's
like a marble color you guys noted as
you see in the vlogs all the time it has
a little bit of yellow and I called Shea
cuz you know Shay used to have a granite
counter business he said since I didn't
know this grant it you think you'd be
like a very hard stone is very porous
same with marble absorb it so it absorbs
things like random things that can kind
of turn yellow so that's where the
bleach situation came from for some
reason I'm in this like chore detail
situation really is and it's freaking me
out let the Scourge that feeling
flattened that's really kind of cool now
that it goes off in such a really
beautiful bridge in the water whoa the
very top I don't know why it's haunted
but they say it's haunted this pink
building air so if anyone watching this
video works here or owns this we won't
stay in that top room if you get us in
there actually maybe if Ali goes in
there I won't goin man no I'm Michael on
me so we actually made it out to the
beach everybody remember claire and mike
hey it's not really sunny it's kind of
overcast so it was like so nasty and
Linden here it's not bad stop n yeah
it's beautiful sound hot beautifully
it's so sunny I know I'm kind of
enjoying the fact that it's not hot this
is one thing I really like to do i'm
sitting on the beach it's just kind of
like Beverly meditate but just see how
smooth i can get the sand cuz this is
the ad be in New right here oh it's on
yes I can't just sit here either i have
to go in the water or i have to do
something that's definitely the evening
you and me lucky who we've got here Wow
back crazy-house Audrey is back you know
you know what's funny is like a key west
trip everyone was like well you have
some really interesting friends yes I do
and they're absolutely wonderful you
might be the craziest of them all it's
really loud we didn't really go swimming
that much because the tropical storm it
might yeah the tropical storm always
kind of picks up a bunch of stuff in the
water and I'm not a big fan no I think
Kevin James has that one hears that one
like joke that says like he screams the
same amount if a piece of seaweed
touches his foot or
shark was trying to bite his foot and
that's me basically in a nutshell that's
Caitlin you could tell you're related
that's for sure that is the best name
for a exotic store so we just found out
Ali has to have an all-white outfit for
the cruise I guess they have like an
electric white like party or something
alia definitely doesn't have that I
gotta find you all wiping before before
the wedding yeah Bob it's going a
wedding dress oh how many people
actually show that whether you're a
savvy fabulous wait is that a
see-through bathing you know with that
see-through bathing suit in that case so
I just got some shoes wait gotta find a
trash can I
there we go boy are you looking black
looking fly you ready for warp tour
little by little how is in heaven look
they actually have the red apple ones
alleys in candy heaven you're like
blasting delectable I think a lot of
tomorrow's gonna actually for a tropical
storm cheers the fun thing about Florida
when we have a hurricane for the
potential of a hurricane we have parties
and we call them hurricane parties it's
all you have ice cream all in your beard
that's a day as you're watching this
sorry got beat up back home it's
melissa's my little sister's birthday so
I want you guys all as Jesse calls it
love bomber I want you guys to all go to
Moses channel or Twitter Instagram or
whatever and just love bomber he's
always happy to man
every single time with ice cream that
happens to him I didn't know how
remember the other day when we were
talking about emojis and Ali said she
hated emojis they have gummy emojis so
she's changed her mind now yes thumbs up
everyone quick thumbs up on this video
for this thumbs up now it's a pointer
one hearts one did you really only get
three emojis no I know I got more but
they're all stressed around in there
wait aren't you supposed to like see the
little nub and that's how you find out
really to money you can tell cuz people
already knocked that nub they were to
click that nub then flicking all these
nubs right here flick this knob but do
it slowly oh it actually worked I was I
didn't think it was actually gonna
happen literally think I just found the
most annoying toy ever
this is gonna it's gonna go for another
five minutes I'm not even exaggerating
get rid of it kill it with fire I'm
going to throw something at you guys
it's probably gonna blow your mind think
about something whoa Aly and myselfs
mind right here because have you ever
seen what a cashew looks like on a tree
and growing out a tree go back to my
brass is because we're talking about
like you know like the statues with the
statue looks like within the shelving
what a peanut look like the I exactly
you know it's like and we're talking
about like the almonds like what almost
like if they come from a motion from a
tree or family like you know like girl
like what zucchini would be like from
the ground oh we're trying to figure out
what in almonds and a cashew with a bite
new cash to buy finally closing right
now if you google it almond kind of
looks like a pistachio but if you google
what a cashew looks like growing on a
tree it will blow your mind this is a
cashew if you have no idea what a cashew
is off the tree it's like one of those
things to like have you ever seen a baby
pigeon answer is no no no way your life
your little gray fluff balls yes there
that's it I don't believe it really I
promise you fixer didn't have a min
picture didn't happen complete random
clip right here I know what I just
wanted to share something and kind of
blow your mind if you google cashews on
a tree these are conversations gonna
walk ya face money go for walk I think
Zoey can sense that it's coming kind of
eerie it's so dark out right love it
right before sometimes always mystified
not the same know what the composter
exactly so cool you know they gotta make
sure that the long is enough water cuz i
don't think the rains that are do enough
i'm getting random spots stop it i got a
big drop on my head ever been
snapchatting a lot so i feel kind of
like guilty so wait han we stop
something good get that good snap in oh
boy sorry we're gonna go hurry up oh we
just barely missed it we should've
thrown shampoo on everybody as you can
see the rain is already falling down
nice shower summer shower tropical storm
is here and we got caught right in the
middle of it it was so funny cuz we like
started walking and release debating the
more like to the left should we go right
we ended up going right thank god we did
because it was quicker as soon as we
turn the corner it just started like
torrential downpour another everybody
good boy good girl go go girl past
you've been raining for two minutes and
everything I'm not sure it's gonna be
the best thing ever do you want fine I
think they had fun at least she's
running i know i saw Zoe's like forget
this I am NOT going to be out here
during this thunderstorm get me home
right now it's simple things in life
actually a laser is pretty complex as an
accountant Zoe chasin lasers since two
thousand five or six think it's five you
having problems with that one here yeah
she's pretty ingenious on how she gets
in things well that one she's just
stealing diesel come on it's funny these
old doesn't like peanut butter knee
morgue usually gets his medicine and
peanut butter so every time he sees
peanut butter he thinks he's getting a
pill I'm so he ran away hurry Zoe Zoe is
half anteater half giraffe half dog so
there are two ways actually are several
ways to try to do this one was with
bleach and I kind of want to try to
avoid bleach much as possible just goes
so harsh and since I can't open the
windows cuz the you know the rain don't
end up suffocating for the other is a
like a baking soda can I don't really
know
kind of mixing water and baking soda I
think that might work why you ask I
don't know it says to like cover it all
completely I feel like I'm just going to
make a mess cover it plastic wrap oh
crap I'm gonna have to use bleach I'm
going to have enough this will be a kind
of experiment I'll cover this with bacon
so I'm car together one with bleach and
see which one works better if you like
Bill Nye arena and we will see this in
24 hours seems too simple and too easy I
feel like if this worked companies that
do chemical cleaners would be completely
like out of business immediately if i'll
call you I mean if that's all you had to
do why buy all the other crap alright so
this is gonna be the bleach concoction
and see if this one works this isn't me
before I want to do it after I want to
see if this works so I sit here watching
Sesame Street and I realized I should
probably go take the bleach off I think
it's getting to me yeah let's see if
this worked all right come on please
work Wow I think it kind of worked maybe
we'll leave the go for a little bit more
that's actually pretty impressive I see
what this one no that one's still yellow
that's weird i believe that when you go
for a little bit now back to Sesame
Street I think this is like what in my
childhood like bucket list is to be on
Sesame Street I wanna if anyone knows
any producers of Sesame Street I want to
be on there I really want to be on there
so I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe and have a
great night hopefully that will be taken
care by the morning by guys like you
let go
i dial
we then come
Oh
