you working out again we're trying to go
meet up with my little sister her
birthday is monday to monday monday the
six my sister's birthday 66 86 she's
almost marked as the devil I haven't say
that since she was little she hates it
anyway we're trying to meet up with her
but we don't know exactly where she is
so we're using the good old iphone to
stock my little sister but that's where
at or Ali's at some of the car with her
and as for Melissa's will scratch that
plan she just left so now would be like
tailing like a moving vehicle and we
don't have the technology for that since
that doesn't update quick enough we
tried all right now tell with it feel
like I'm in gun 60 seconds right now fun
fact about Ali she's an incredible
parallel Parker fun fact about me i suck
at it then again when i had my old car I
never had a freakin awesome camera like
that like I was like I said I've only
driven this car maybe once or twice
years already know that story so I
haven't really got to utilize all the
awesome James Bondy futures become James
Bondy features whatever that works yep
we can build a giant slide is this a
water sliders just just like one of
those tube slides either way we should
get it both super condos
maybe we'll have enough time maybe we
won't I don't know we're doing all this
vintage shopping right now leases that
bed bath and beyond or something like
that
yeah but I have to film you guys get to
see me getting hit by a car that's
important back in the day when phones
were only at the house I remember having
one of these but it was beige it was
ugly as crap it's part of my grandma's
thinking about it old Zippos
get like so go like this and then you go
like that I never smoked a day in my
life
that's funny
we'll get this related there's another
one this is kinda is a crazy thing to
consider antiques down tethered to the
wall and then you have to do like
Napoleon Dynamite you have to go super
far like you have to get a long line
hold on hold on all right big wish so
where is the computer screen connect to
there's one of us again where do you put
the monitor I river I've actually had to
write a book report on one of these in
middle school i remember it was most
pain the ass thing in the world it was
before because I had her first computer
was in 1995 or 96 I think so it was like
sixth grade I had to write my first
report on a typewriter we get a random
house
nineteen sixty-two Barbie book I can't
tell what's more freaking this thing
which I don't know what it is for that
that's actually terrifying
just the one at the top those pressing
Apple the stuff they sell like a rusted
old spring for $27 I think I just saw a
rusted nails
this is actually really cool old
presidential but marshes a majority of
them are
another perfect example of WTF the thing
that killed the poor kid in my grill
whore Macaulay Culkin why would anyone I
want you to what should they selling
this thing seven eighty bucks and those
heart but I feel like I think anyone its
needs a dying for that alli and I are
having a nice day around downtown area
we don't usually get to go down and just
walk around Allie likes her jeans she's
showing him off doing a little boo duty
to dance what are you checking this out
others with the explosion happened you
guys were there fixing it remember that
time we walked by where the thing
exploded well I was just talking to
people work here who were actually here
he said that he thought it was like a
terrorist attacker was so loud as I
can't like flames went like 10 feet up
but like up to here he said but it's two
days so yeah exactly what was the stage
that we came the day after the first one
and apparently the next day did it again
so we should not have walked Miriah you
have no idea what I'm talking about this
is a little clip
right there that's where that happened
last couple days it's been like 94 95
degrees so I've been trying to maintain
the grass that we did you know the lawn
facade and the the plugs I'm so afraid
that we just spent so much money doing
that but I'm just afraid of it all dying
after all that money and time spent
doing this crap this is going to take
some time I don't know why this little
section everywhere else has grass but
there's just a whole section right here
is in that grow I don't want to either
pill so trials are just making fun of me
because I am now back in my workout
attire I wore jeans and a shirt for a
hot second today but we're doing stuff
that requires manual labor so I haven't
got my makeup off oh yeah my prize
should be wiping out my clothes thing
you know he'll he's making fun of you
because six out of seven days in the
week I'm in workout clothes and you know
what I kind of don't care because it's
super comfortable and honestly it's not
like I'm going anywhere where I need to
dress nice I'm gonna try though guys I'm
gonna try and dress a little bit better
don't pee on those sameer diesel good
boy so you look so cute right now just
like hiding behind the pole she's so
cute you're right down there bud a good
dog I friend see me you shouldn't be
licking the floor you're mopping here
Covey's here my mom brought kobe over
like she got ali she was talking about
it in the vlogs couple days ago other
nice little rocking chair so now Ali's
got old lady sad as I am
probably in this all the time now it's
called a brick sido de madera para poor
jacob blanco good job honey okay thank
you wrightwood import cooker but Thank
You Marlene yeah hey enjoy thank you I'm
so excited Marlene said that when she
looked at her car it was 100 degrees in
her car and we saw that it was 94 in our
car earlier and I made the mistake of
taking diesel for walks not gonna feel
bad y'all he's not sure if he wants to
relax or if he wants to get some water
or if you must lie down hey coupes I
know wants to do whoops uh-huh got him
excited that's the spot he's gonna fall
backwards me he's a mutual do this to my
boy good boy hey love I could use a
walker dizzy 14 Wow Oh Jerry actor yes
yes do look like brothers get the white
faces Kobe let me see you white face
your old man face you see your old man
face there you go buddy so just the same
they overrun now myself with some so
tired and so on I feel like I'm dying
whoo motivational guys sometimes I know
I'm the type of person that I can talk
myself out of doing something or i can
come up with an excuse like oh I'll
there tomorrow or you know it's too hot
or I'm too tired any type of excuse that
you can think of I've done it motivate
yourself but yourself just do it anyways
even if you walk even if it's only for a
block or two just get out do it because
it's so good for you so yeah that's my
rant on motivation and you know trying
to stay healthy South II was a terrible
terrible motivational speech at least
you went with me for the first mile and
a half huh I was gonna bring these girls
to this just
offer them too hot right girls too hot
you're still panting I feel really
terrible about it my not only so neither
I was the prettiest girl in all of the
girls of the whole light wheel I guess
you like oh weird call the police guys
yeah dial oh I'm gonna kiss you I'm
gonna give you I'm gonna give you she's
will eat that shocked about your mouth
just like my water Ali's going to go
meet up with her sister and do a girls
night and I feel like getting my man
card even stronger a bunch of girls so
this is what you call in patient right
here so I don't want to wait for all
these to grow in because it's gonna take
months I'm just gonna fill them in
myself copter I take out the stuff i put
in though I try to save those
you
one thing I learned from last video that
we did this is that you guys suggested
that I quote unquote till the ground
maybe they'll get some of the nutrients
so so I'm doing what sucks says I'm
taking up all the other plugs so i can
actually you know actually sound sucky i
could just move these somewhere else
maybe over there the random spots or
something
it already looks way better what do you
think Internet am I getting there mr.
fix-it over here actually genuinely
proud of myself now hoping it doesn't
die come on grass don't die I'm getting
good at this gonna chore stuff I was
going to go out with everyone got the
dinner but by the time I got done with
everything I was so exhausted right now
I can't even keep my eyes open I just
want to say good night and actually one
more rider June tenth I don't know if
you guys know this we're doing a free
show in New York City I'm looking at the
the instructions it's 48 and six in
Manhattan so 48 and six and Manhattan
the first 100 okay we're playing at 6am
to 9am for the early birds we're
actually gonna be on a TV show it's
gonna be actually super limited so first
100 fans will actually get a signed copy
of our new album so far which will be
coming out soon I don't even have a copy
of this so this is really special for
you guys so 48 and six in Manhattan so
that's New York that's for a tongue
twister in New York City a June tenth at
6am get there super early first 100
people will get a copy signed by us so I
will see you guys tomorrow as always and
hopefully I'll see a ton of you guys jun
10 I know it's early but it's for a TV
show that's what they do and I guess
remember that can you remember like a
time where you drank that last this
might seem really stupid a lot of people
i know it is really stupid because it's
a stupid drink
it's actually one
okay don't drink it all I'm doing it all
are you I used to do
