diesel what'd you find
good morning Internet so I've been up
all day right now editing a bunch of
different videos and replying to
hundreds of emails I want to show you
guys this I don't know if you guys have
it - I'm so backed up on emails let me
show you I'm not answering all these
some one day that's for sure
see what I mean who actually missed a
call okay cool I love you right
perfect timing Ally's on her way home
hey she's okay I promise she might have
had a little too much watermelon
why are you full
hey Marley ignore me watermelon would
you like a watermelon yes you don't
drool you might bring the hand back guys
this is a freaking amazing day what is
different about Ali today can anyone
tell what's different about Ali
exactly
you know in spandex can't knock you're
like we're insane you know whatever you
want let's go I want to go get some like
plugs for the grass because when they
came and did it last time
I don't think it took correctly so I
wanted to do it right here there's all
these random spots here here how many do
you think we're gonna need wait ezel
it's just kind of frustrating over there
random stuff that's Marly peeing diesel
you gotta focus focus on me buddy one to
catch a bud
you'll get there one time doofus I
always find it funny that people pay for
things like rocks sand dirt and like
plants you know things that grow in
nature I always find that incredibly
funny I don't know I don't see I don't
believe this it's so weird to be that
scared me what varieties on streets and
get different fruit see here's a fun
story when I was little in my mom's
backyard
I wanted a lemon tree I love lemons I
loved him as a kid was just like edom I
know it's terrible for your enamel but
my mom got me a lemon tree that's the
Elan tree the other house is lime trees
but I got a lemon tree supposedly a
lemon tree and it took about like five
years to grow and we found out it was
oranges I'm so sick of that stupid
little hand shovel did the shovel shovel
thing we probably should have thought
this through Jesus when the guy was
helping us put this stuff in a brown
spider it wasn't like a brown widow
anything scary like that it's part one
of those wolf spiders jumped out and
came at me of all things I could have
taken a snake before a friggin spider so
sneaky so I have to put some gloves on
now I freaked out so even though that we
used a camera and take a crow pretty
much daily still we are learning things
every single day on how to use them I
forget things
yeah on the GoPro look handy-dandy
youtube right there I use dumb ones
every day
totally thirds ray here
like he just stops do you find something
diesel what'd you find I'm gonna do this
I make this yard look freakin awesome
it's like that's my plan at least
got that in there at least now I'm
noticing more spots that need to be
actually taken care of you know I need
right now I need like mr. burns son
harnessing thing so I can just harness
the Sun in this area or she's just like
cut down this fence that would be a bad
idea think hard works on a path though
I'm gonna actually take a second right
now to apologize to my parents and all
parents out there for kids and myself
destroying lawns I never realized how
much of a pain in the butt it actually
is to fix the law and I was like gods
grass will grow I'm now learning look at
neither it's getting there
now we just gotta wait on father time
that thing we just think we should do
over here I may be like rocks or
something maybe like a little barricade
not really sure I posted on our Facebook
page like asking what we should do here
but I think we just automatically went
from grass because I think it's cleaner
if any of you guys are a landscape
artist or just artist in general and
have an idea please tell me in the
comments or go to our Facebook page or
something or Twitter or something like
that
so we can see it so that way we actually
don't screw it up another thing I think
it's so cool up doing these things for
so long for about 8 years now is that
you can see my maturity level go from
like a kid to like a responsible adult I
think that's kind of cool
trust me I'm not gonna disagree I'm
still like an immature kid sometimes I
think I always will be
I'm proud of that too but it is kind of
cool for myself and anyone watching
these videos for so long you can see the
timeline I think that's what's really
cool like kind of important about daily
vlogs is that you can see this natural
timeline in people's lives especially a
lot of you guys have been watching since
day one or day two or day like 50 or
whatever oh is that the pea grass I'm
gonna come out and help you okay I
promise I'm so sorry
did you tell them what you did no I'm
nervous about it I am really still their
first video on her your YouTube channel
did you ever tell me you had a youtube
channel no I'm not really sure so um I
don't know I was really nervous about
doing this I didn't even know if I
wanted to do it
but I did it and I'm like I don't know
I'm kind of I'm ah I'm so nervous
tell them how they can watch it you can
watch it on YouTube I'm YouTube tell
YouTube more specifically no it's cool
it's me it's the B channel no I'm
kidding um it's caught I can't I feel
weird saying this why do I feel weird
I'm so nervous about it I'm so nervous
but it's on the Allie West Channel you
know weird that is for me to say oh
you're the one you push me to do it and
I'm happy you did I'm just this is like
a challenge for me because I'm still
slightly a private person and if you
actually end up going and watching it I
am so freaking nervous and I'm sure
you'll be able to tell I'm blabbing and
I'm like stuttering and spinning
thanks to these zeppoles and I'm
probably not making sense but and for
some reason I was so much more nervous
to film that than I am doing what I'm
doing right now you think a veteran at
this now I'm not weird by the way what
she says Alouettes channel youtube.com
slash al l IE w yes Sam have to learn
that I can you tell him a noob noob yeah
yeah I know I use that terminology but
I'm gonna I'm gonna stop being all crazy
I'm gonna come out here and help you you
lookin fly Oh baby ooh baby space just
got a little bit bigger hello that was
that I see a black hole right here I
don't know what that man I don't know
any other I was trying to figure him out
marlee walked by what she's doing right
now and she's peed right there walked by
the grass the sod of these little pugs
goes and looks at me like this he goes
wait I'm sorry I got your face at that
point let's see the little lake left
tomorrow they list her leg for some
reason she was like that I'm gonna help
you would you like me to help you yeah
I'm trying to figure out what this next
bug should go I think right there yeah
I'll come over here and help what is he
doing
well it looks really good here I'll show
you guys but it looks nice because what
I can do I couldn't do this before like
tons of mud between my toes love these I
think this is okay this one is obviously
dead so it doesn't look that good and
it's in our neighbor shower which
they're pretty amazing but I think that
these are like the coolest plants ever
feel like we should get those these
users aren't taste so cool I will love
them these don't leave that lizard alone
my god so we have to get all in here
we're gonna do like pull are we doing
plugs over here honey I've been doing
them there's so much I don't want to
wait yeah dude Ricky Ricky I need help
okay
x-ray good that's where I wanna put the
plug know what's in there
okay I put it right there so you dig it
what is it what's in there right here
right I dig help me up I need help
right come on I'll use that tool anymore
don't Marley go thank you can a market
in my kitchen my they can't appreciate
it oh I appreciate it
good job girl that's good you big good
I'm actually I'm actually gonna use that
good job are all right honey you don't
want to do it come on
that's good everyone all right thank you
yeah we were cute cute that move feet
thank you okay I don't really need this
plot right there I do need to hear now I
think I caused the problem here mark
you smart Internet people oh crap you
guys are smart now I'm not smart that's
what I need you guys told us to get
these things called gutter guards that's
a official name but these things that
just go on the gutter of the new roof to
keep that whole gutter system from
backing up like a Dave the last time so
I have to say thank you you guys for
being so damn smart I don't know what it
is today I just felt like being overly
ambitious or productive wanted to get a
bunch of things done all at once that's
kind of cool
were hurt because of like the I have
she's spraying the stuff to get rid of
all the freaking mosquitoes so weird
she's I think beautiful hugs there was
no wind
blogs are just going to twist her like
wheat you're probably wash around I kind
of want to did you hear the chimes just
like before
yeah so yeah so the security guy outside
of Publix creeped me out
well I'm gonna go take a shower
as the dirtiest I've been since I've
been a kid I hope you enjoyed today's
video it was a nice video like kind of
like being home grown up vlog getting
things done I feel really productive did
you ever think that I already know that
serious like Oh what are you gonna do
today I wanna do my grass plugs exactly
and tomorrow I'm gonna show you my
little surprise I wanted to show you
guys today but it's it's it's getting
ready right now if that makes any sense
don't forget to subscribe I have a great
night bye yes
