good morning Internet you got a haircut
do you like that we're running around
right now we got to go to the courthouse
because we're getting married just
kidding not yet
we are getting Ali's passport renewed
rake it because her and Melissa are
going on a cruise for Melissa's birthday
and we're hoping to get the passport
done because we're such procrastinate
procrastinators the teeth still hurt
somebody should look right no it's sharp
up here I want to talk to my dentist
like when he deals in needles and you
like you know when you get chapped lips
and your lips like they really like they
hurt they love they're cocky I have that
kind of feeling like that pain and I'm
gonna talk to my dentist and say
something about like hell I feel like
these need to be like filed down or
something on the end is he really hurt
al he's got like tiny features she's a
tiny head I have big teeth wait a
million of tiny features all you have a
tiny ears let me see your tiny years
they called tiny her ears are she got
tiny little cute ears a little baby nose
yeah baby nose baby baby lips get baby
Eyes baby eyes can I go for a check-up
in the doctors dose visiplate similar
games we're gonna try to basically see
how fast you can go without goofing up
at the very top so you kind of gooped it
right there a little bit they're kind of
hard isn't it
see that try the other hand but you can
feel like when you're slightly missing
it right like you're not on point 100%
so weird I invented that it's my game
you can have it those you want I always
get sucked into those pretzels to stand
in Brussels I just kept it will run for
another five more miles like funky
Lord oh babe I know I guess the trend in
our videos during the summer you know
it's Florida and it's gunky in a grainy
and then five more minutes it's
beautiful guys getting ready for Warped
Tour
you got some work for shorts work for
shirts I'm getting ready basically
things I can cut into shorts and
basically things that can cut into short
sleeves slash tank tops that is quite
miserable you know so we're looking at
the temperature in the car it's 91
degrees that's not how it feels though
it feels even worse because humidity so
Melissa and a couple of our friends and
Ally are going to go for Melissa's
birthday to the Bahamas for a cruise
which is going to be really nice my
sister deserves it Alli deserves it for
all her are working and then the next
trip would be I think Melissa and Ally
are going to Tyler and Hayley's wedding
but unfortunately I have to miss it
because the Warped Tour I always tell
you guys this when we walk tour comes
around because this is actually going to
be a third work for the CTFxC is coming
along with so we get to see all the
behind the scenes and stuff like that
but it's always exciting at the very
beginning
midway through we're like Oz is done
then at the end of the tour we're all
like hi first plane out what's get out
of here going home
I love it too so that's the thing it's
like I say love/hate but it really is
just uh I hate the heat was to say that
I hate the hate heat in the lack of
being able to shower and porta-potties I
hate porta-potties got a porta-potties
so we got some summer plans look at home
dog he's doing what I do drive around on
the golf cart so we decided to have like
a light lunch and I wanted to take
Charles to one of my late favorite Cuban
places so I took him to the Floridian I
got myself Cuban he got himself a turkey
Cuban it's really good
called Calypso sauce it's it's so good
though it's so good I wish I could give
you like smellivision right now because
it smells so good and it's delicious
that would be the next thing I'm
youtubers interactive videos it's
Knology got exit to the mainland now
ally had a great idea since the house is
technically still mine because it hasn't
sold we figured we'll check out the
swimming pools it's freakin hot is it
raining in Sarasota
all right we're good we can go well is
it gonna rain in st. Petersburg yes
we're leavin
in a way it's like a twister you're
Helen Hunt she's badass yeah watch out
for the cow really what's his name
what's the guy's name
that's it go pack see bill I'm Bill
Paxton that's Helen hi and that's a
twister I remember one time when I was
driving home from our date post office
and it was like you would see the storm
in front of you and it was like blue
skies and then it just like literally
there's no line like if you were looking
at stripes and it was it'd be like on
that other side of that like sign kind
of jet black and you just saw like you
could see the rain coming on you crazy
can I see there mark step out think
diesel and Marley are kind of like
talking to each other right now you're
talking to deep
like shut up first thing we do into the
house you can already see what's going
on I know I feel bad that we don't have
a pool but I know they like it so much
that's one thing I do miss cooling off
dudes come here so I get this off you oh
thank you you come at a swimmer come
here
thank you Marley Phelps this one go all
right one two three go
we're having a conversation out here you
need a chill oh my back oh yeah you
better run so let's do what she's gonna
do it every time she goes in there you
realize that's more water than a bath ah
you're still stupid
mreow what to be ball so what's going on
my eyes red fellas barking a bitch our
neighbors are like oh they're bad
that's his life my life it's like
get out
she figured it out now break it back
over here what do you do it want to play
that thing take it
yeah hmm they just uh they had a little
growling session with each other
Marley was not having it don't be such a
bitch girl
holy crap you got it mark downthe Marley
I got a mitt I do miss the pool day
vlogs maybe one day we'll figure
something out
I didn't do it you moved he was just
holding it that's what happens that
other one I can do it play like a song
I'm swimming with into the possum swim
swim swim would judge it the paw swim
swim swim swim Metallica pass swim swim
swim swim for your life should probably
let her swim
20 Apsara another situation I'm not
gonna Marley's a swimmer now I don't
think she can tell if I like this or not
was it better either
look it feels like you want straight up
that's not good trying to go home that
was a blast I definitely missed the pool
and Oh already now
alright guys hope you enjoyed today's
video my eyes are completely red right
now from the chlorine don't forget to
subscribe you guys brand new and we will
see you guys tomorrow as always bye
