good morning Internet as you can see I'm
in an airport not to be confused I'm not
going anywhere I have a meeting right
now with yes because they had me going
to do this recheck of stuff and I
figured how to get down there otherwise
I can get down here and that we could
pretty check for all the flights that's
kind of a cool thing we're doing at the
airport not getting on their plan it's
cool definitely enjoying that fact we've
got my passport okay I'm having kind of
a little bit of a late start today I was
hard for working last night and this
morning
I'm getting so much done I just really
behind on a lot things you really hope
you guys all had a really wonderful
Memorial weekend and you got to be with
your family and your loved ones and just
enjoyed a few days together with those
that are closest dudes
I have my passport out I'm
yeah I know but I have to get an
expedited because I have a little
special thing that I'm going to be doing
in the next two weeks and if you guys
watch a few other channels like Mel's
channel you'll know exactly what we're
doing right there my appointment was
there so I have to go somewhere else and
I had the driver just drop me off and no
idea what the hell on that I've never
actually been here I lived in Tampa when
I went to school like in college but
I've never been in the side of Tampa so
I have no idea or I'm hacked I managed
to sneak my way in there by just waiting
like you want to walk in I come out look
at this it's flooding right now hello
hello I'm telling you you like honestly
it's like we go away for years and not
even freaking kidding this is gonna be a
whole thing throughout summer beautiful
beautiful day enjoy it so I think the
rains coming
very squeak door back again again
ah you what she was like that way cars
back yeah yeah BMW whoever sitting here
was like super short though I have to go
all the way back now listen here was
like way back there right daddy
yeah I call you got fixed I guess there
was something wrong with the gasket I
don't know what that means there's some
gaskets they got four warranties I
already know you guys already know being
warranty so thorough that my best friend
I think there's so many people out there
who are worried about having a Jim point
to your for purchasing that you have
bringing white shoes yeah especially
when it comes to cameras anything that's
like something that you could hold and
potentially drop yes you probably want
to get one
I copy
why you asking for a fee
no you can't how about me it's on a
refrigerator dishwasher oh my god
sticking out of it you are blue you
should get pink as you'll absolutely
love pink hey we can play mini oh my god
it's a vortex but it's a vortex you
might see a fishing I have a skateboard
or two at the house and I have that
little one that I sell my scar you guys
want to see this this is from Warped
Tour this is last year's warped for do
you guys see this this was from Warped
Tour 2014 I was trying to get food from
the catering and I was going a little
too fast and I exploded I still got the
food though just after coming back from
the shower I hit a rock
so I retire from skateboarding nerd rock
is now fixing me
I got this bball it's our template
stable
I didn't know should be something nobody
noticed the fact that my food was
perfectly wrapped though and I'm eating
a delicious meal now how could even find
the rabbit yeah really understanding the
concept with surf in their bed that's
the good news
girls not they're freaking scary stupid
ones I have one of these literally in
the bottom of this is 1984 like the
original one mayhem apparently his name
is mayhem I have something to ask you
guys are you pretty excited for the new
Ghostbusters are you kind of like
worried I'm actually kind of worried but
I think you'll be pretty good that's all
they can afford
okay what was that little clip my
favorite part like this is why we can't
have her have coffee Charles and I were
just having this discussion about how
we're a little bit different when it
comes to electronic devices and looking
at text messages I'm pretty bad about it
like if I'm with people I don't actually
really look at my phone very often we
just went obviously to the store and I'm
like you're a little grumpy today what's
going on he's like well if you read your
text messages you would know that I said
I was grumpy sitting at the stupid DMV
thing whoever was all day kind of sucked
up think it's because you're missing the
part right here it's in the door what
they broke no you broke it honey yeah
you did sweetie
they broke yes no honey they didn't
break it it was already like that when
we got into the car before you broke it
yeah you did
I'm probably not making his grumpy day
no better that's not
come on baby blow
because it's two minutes honey what it's
two minutes you get two myths that are
both blue I thought it's just one goal
of each No Oh hands people have two
hands it's a long day right you you blow
those up so we just think chart
obviously got these like like mega
boxing gloves a few days ago and we're
just like I don't know we're just mean
stupid today and we thought it would be
fun to transfer them out
if you are doing it
any day though
yeah
advocating aspired to no take down
what
that's what happens when you guys are
too curious hi dude hi dude I heard you
went on a little adventure and you got
your mama locked out of the house it
happened so I grabbed my stuff and I
like set it down because he looked like
he was about to screw it up
so I was like oh my gosh and there's a
little snake that's been getting real
real feisty so I shut the door because
they didn't want snake I bought a big
bada boom bada bing bada boom I
literally went Tyson you sent your mom
on a wild goose chase for you and then
you got knocked out so we're headed over
into Bradenton
we're sticking out you know road trip
well you're back models look so strong
which way is the beach alley
- to break - because unfortunately most
got locked out of her house and then I
could put the key to her house so pop it
Ruby to the rescue oh yes oh thank you
you're my rescue Oh wonderful night of
Brynner this is the best way to end the
night and you made it you tap the tree
perfect actually
made it from vlogs love's put your logs
alright guys hope you enjoyed today's
video and we'll see you guys tomorrow as
always bye guys peace when you don't
knows what's in the ocean
go look that's how you don't get
interesting interesting
