well we were gonna go to the beach you
scared so it's like a storm is a comin
there's a stomach coming are you sensing
it
okay it's just thunder good morning
internet runs all your run I guess it is
summer so it gets that theme of raining
and going away and raining and coming
back again it's going to be hitting a
lot more you stayed and go there more
it's an oddball it's Thunder guys
diesels Thunder what yeah you're not
gonna fight that
Marley probably time to get inside come
on Marv let's go sighs you're brave dog
come on son said don't you get you
struck by lightning even though you're
super brave
it just looks like the beginning of like
Miami Vice just the way you're driving
this is just flailing around boobs out
boobs out sun's out remember I was
exactly telling you guys it's going to
happen notice how it's like freaking
nice and awesome sunny beautiful just
switches like that Catherine yeah well I
was uh it's hard to have conversation it
really is are you afraid they're gonna
fall right out like your dentures no I
just like one of the list not that it's
a bad thing but it's awkward yeah you
don't have it back I feel like my lit
gets caught in tahoe like it was a lot
worse before it's not bad at all I can't
really tell maybe I'm just used to it
maybe it's like you know when something
really smells really bad and you're just
rounded a lot you still smell it very
get it this is another beautiful day at
the beach the other it's summer we're
probably gonna be here a little bit more
since we don't have a pool now to this
is our is our natural pool I know but
just to think like this guys this is so
cool this is hey
and they're gonna take through the same
bar we're gonna find some stingrays
hopefully that one over there man with
the red hat got it all rights we have to
wait cuz the sandbar disappeared rock
around the bikini baby when you don't
know what's in the ocean you go look
that's how you don't get eaten right
alright so that was a stingray is a
stinker well on second gas second look
at the crab cage where God wasn't this
dude I thought that would've been way
cooler if it was this thing right it's
her toughest to be caged what you find
is that more I see it chooses waiting
for that
the trick when you in some way this
going out to buoy make sure you know for
this long okay it's something wrong
it'll get them first that morbid to
think about can handle this right now
I'm literally standing right now like
still a embolism so to speak I all I
want to see you snitch a non-aggressive
sling way would be kind of cool all
right guys are going to Haiti
okay we got my hand
what is wrong oh just go but another
episode of the funniest things are never
filmed Ali was standing right there with
Hanna and two fish allocated chase them
this jump ray bialys smack Karina
another one of those episodes cool
things never get built so that was
pretty nice got to meet some of Ali's
friends cousins or nephews I guess what
yeah nephews don't I know what this is
yeah and so we went to nephew vision for
a little bit so that's why when I just
disappeared for a little bit shake shop
going this way all right you get the car
you pick me up so my baby's mama I mean
my sugar mama
got me some ice cream
beginning these vlogs Ali hated ice
cream good to hate I didn't prefer it
was like one of those things like how
would I was really silver carrots and
ice cream oh just carrot ice cream it's
got to be a thing kind of made a mess
not just once twice three times cuz you
kept slamming on the brakes oh come look
that is so untrue so under you're such a
little wire did you slammed on the
brakes and detail with it yeah
oh great
so I can't use a little snap for popper
thingies these things in the house I
know it's gonna freakin scare the dogs
so I figured they got to go to the store
it away I'm gonna have some fun with
these things here we go I used to love
these things as a kid too the one thing
about these things that I never knew as
a kid is that they're biodegradable so
that's kind of cool
holy crap that actually worked all right
so I gotta get some groceries right
gotta get some of these literally
nothing is here I should have come
earlier so after a long day at the beach
we have decided to come home and
continue this day with some hot dogs
there was a mouse in our yard scurried
it along and then went to I guess take a
shower i went to a sprinkler system
blend up the grill and she said that a
mouse that grin right out from
underneath it which is kinda creepy a
little maybe unsanitary no it's a cute
little mouse but do you ski but he's
alive at least didn't get friends of the
place that's really awful for me to say
but yeah so we're gonna have some hot
dogs and I think we're gonna light some
fireworks too good Mouse poop oh that is
uh you think it's okay to grill yeah
Santa I mean just cook it Louise she
fantasizes never dull day here guys
never ate all day this stuff over here
can't handle the heat in the kitchen akd
onions I don't care what anyone thinks
they work well please don't put a knife
at your eye so he's in a girl some
yellow squash and some onions and we've
gotta swap some mushrooms you pick the
screen oh it's so good and I thought we
could top it all off with strawberry /
raspberry shortcakes mmm-hmm yeah oh
yeah I think it did okay I think you did
a great job you did good huh i bet you
guys can guess who this was i'll give
you a little hint semi original form
it's like hash browns that it's very
important when a Tater Tot freaks up
what a Tater Tot messes up it's just my
hash browns this would be something of
interest you know how like what to do
with your leftovers what to do
tater tots to make them much more classy
a Tater Tot Nash I did on purpose uh-huh
sure you did so I feel like today would
not be complete without sparklers so
that's exactly what I'm going to do
right now is I'm going to get some
sparklers out and light them because I
love them call me a little kids because
I am kind of like a little kid I'm a
little bit immature but that was one of
my favorite things ever about braiding
fourth of july i just love sparklers i
was literally light them all year round
that's possible which in my feet but i
just don't think about it ready here we
go
lakers marklars so cool alo sparklers
keep it on oh my son 30 thank you
alright internet before we end the video
I'm a light our good friend the jalapeno
popper
some free guys ready
go get it
energy
you're so good
you
