we're bored
singing for us it's nerd per our I guess
is our tradition now this is what we do
every single time
yes exactly
Allie's perpetuating a bagel bite baby
Marley would you go Marley bailed nerve
dad to get on top of the calorie to see
it right there
it's also ease but I was always getting
a bad man splurt Adame Merry Christmas
dad's not yours
gotta be like her so this is nerve rocks
ally and I is tradition rolls we had to
make these from scratch one day
Zoe so delicate get'em are you don't
want to do it though sake no I'm gonna
go over here
is that the possum she wants that one is
what she wants
barley he just wants a bag we got some
best buds over here you're celebrating
Christmas together
barley does not like to admit the fact
that these two get along best friends we
got a quadruple thing going on these old
Zooey Marley and Rica all best friends
so we just picked up Melissa and we got
mr. Finn Finn didn't like the music gal
he was playing so he came up here and
knocked it off
you want to listen to some reggaeton
mondo take it over
Kobe where's your wiener pin different
Kobe's wiener I don't know if I ever
showed you guys this
these are Turtles I had when I was a kid
they're massive they're like 20-some
years old now I think that one's mine
and I was Melissa's can I have probably
passed these guys along to my kids
you guys look forever I'll just a couple
of dancing photos no big deal well so
this was our kitty as a kid his name is
Moe and the reason why his name is Moe
is because he says Moe winning meows
good block bud
good block bud I pick and choose which
only want like that cat is going to eat
you thin little pug baby they don't mess
with you Toby you started me out in you
and I got Turtles you know yeah 27 years
old - and you are gonna take you want to
get a pod Joey open it up bud kid ago so
that's why we had to get you that now so
yeah we can come up and this is the one
that's uh very changeable matches it up
and your credit card number in your
social security and your first car yeah
yeah your credit score yeah exactly
and he's a w-9 in there somewhere
he'll be go get them tell these young
dogs need to chill Toby thirteen please
directly a puppy
you gonna get me a yeah so now you're
not counting on your phone all the time
you know I'm worried about carrying now
my button so I'll have it on my and it's
a clock it's kind of like the iPhone
stuff an Apple watch stuff thank you and
this tells you my sleep quality I think
so so my dad's got these moonshine
moonshine cherries we won't show you
right now unless the doctor came by that
firebenders helped you can do that with
Bacardi come on that's peddling peer
pressure over here I'm gonna get some
free pass oh yeah I don't want that oh
he right there no those pretty little
eyes you have right there get the other
side yeah hole burning taste and once
you get through the thing that just is
horrible
- my dad's thought process before appear
itthere dad
it worked it worked okay I was a little
skeptical but that actually worked round
over there I had a good now we just
gotta make sure it burns the whole thing
all right so lesson learned on this one
one whole neighborhood burned down and
blow we're going there and weren't sure
what was going on like Arnold I'm 16
years on these guys
the best part is that it actually works
actually the wrapping is pretty
impressive home thank you this is just
your ego up I think I got that t.j.maxx
and I had your main lobby
shake it home she likes at the fragrance
guy at the at the mm-hmm Jesus I don't
want she doesn't to water that's an
Apple TV so now we can connect you to
our Netflix and Hulu we're gonna put a
face mask on to cleanse our pores and I
think it's glitch it has glitter I gotta
wash my hand oh we got the reek you got
it this is her favorite thing in the
world the sushi she loves that that she
just carries it around all the time
get you sushi was that all about his
sparkles she made us do it
no sleeping in for 30 minutes so you can
watch Santa Claus - now you got a
glitter here now sweet the fact that
they have little stars that are speckly
is it's cracking me out thinking don't
thank you beautiful you're doing both of
those both she looks so both oh wow just
got a glimpse of myself in the mirror
you're like you know who you look like
Batman
I have no idea what's going on I'm
getting my face dude this is what we're
doing on Christmas this year I look like
a samurai guy right now don't move your
face we're just it's such a weird
feeling it's gonna single okay cause
it's been cleaned boys there are stars
in this right yeah it actually does kind
of hurt it's tingling it's pulling all
your bad stuff out you apparently a lot
of that if it's not tingling does that
mean it's like I don't know or you just
are tough do we look like we're about to
go fight crime you guys yeah this
genuinely does hurt well it's cause it's
working it's not just so pretty okay
nerds ears burning it's the teacher that
means it's working I guess I was like
you guys are beautiful math villains so
out of all the memories of Christmas
special I know it's scary having the
best time of your life yeah Marley is
terrified but I would have to say this
year is going down for the hottest one
some of the photos that just did not
make the cut I got the need the need for
speed we're go rob a liquor store right
now
oh my god this is like this is else
actually look like
that's another another Christmas in the
back another December 25th in the bag
because we have Christmas again tomorrow
Christmas one of three this was too late
three a lot say was definitely the claw
missed so far out of the tomb Farley the
returned open mind cannot open up
presences or not for you I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video and as always in
the comments on Christmas I want to know
what was the coolest thing you got or
was the coolest thing you gave someone
else or the best memory you have just
today yeah the best memory that you may
have had during Christmas so let me know
in the comments don't forget to
subscribe and we will see you guys
tomorrow for part three of Christmas bye
guys
