good morning Internet come on dude you
wanna go for a walk you can goof you're
not tied down good boy I don't know how
I'm supposed to walk so happy sunday
everyone I hope you guys are having an
awesome awesome weekend first off I am
on my way I'm actually running a few
errands this morning and then tonight a
while actually in like a few hours i
should say i am going to be going to
sunset music festival just something
that I know I like that kind of music
it's not everybody thing but it's a
really fun time to go listen to music
and like there's awesome light shows
it's honestly one of the coolest things
I've ever been to and just wanted to
give you guys an update so I'm taking
our picture my teeth every single day to
see the transformation process so what
I'm going to try and do is every six
weeks I'm going to kind of possibly
release maybe a video or something
letting you guys know and showing you
guys to update in my process with my
teeth so
hey I woke up this morning to a loud
crash and thunder literally it was like
pouring so hard when I was telling
yesterday i think was like literally
yesterday i was telling you guys how
sometimes it's like really raining and
then five minutes later it's like
beautiful right now we're in the
beautiful stage as you can see it poured
earlier today I kind of woke up a little
bit not feeling too good like my stomach
my head just kind of all at once you
know like when you're not feeling good
and you wake up because you don't feel
good that's kind of the situation it
sucks too because I think Ali today with
her friends invited us to go to some
concert and I don't know if I'm going to
be able to go because a I don't feel
good and be I don't know if it's gonna
rain in this outdoors so I'm just gonna
play hour by hour and see how I feel if
anything it's like Sunday so it's like
the best day to not feel good I feel
like sundays are the designated you
don't feel good day wait hold on if your
leg up let sit up good girl so you're in
the line of fire your fly's down yeah
looks like i'm doing that though what
you're so you're so cool it's so cool
you're amazing can I have it now and I
don't put my ear I'm actually using the
camera the film as well as to see how
large the stupid flame is and what's
going on Zoe's she try to do something
anytime anyone does anything so he
always calls them out is this straight
up it's actually quite soothing that's
the dangerous part like could fall
asleep and just catch yourself on fire
which I would not recommend doing do not
catch yourself on fire people I know
you're not supposed to technically
through these because you're supposed to
have earwax and your your body because
it protects your eardrum but I would
wonder like I should
take like a hearing test before doing
this and then after and see if i could
hear more frequencies be kind of
interesting them out just looking far
it's really crazy if you think about it
like the element of fire and then the
fact that like how crazy it would have
been this big be a caveman or something
like that and first see it we're having
a lot of deep thoughts witch trials us
things burning in my face are we hey
Allie Allie I'm all by myself on this
one guys well yep this is why it'll do
space I can do that way better if you
want keep your hands away from me don't
touch anything around my face with
makeup all right you get the openness
well but no I'm not opening at all right
so that's disgusting groceries what the
smell is the worst don't say smell that
grosses me weird smell yeah like it's
very moist the moist smell Oh cause the
gross I can't I got stand back oh sounds
like a jellyfish moo moo moo moo boo-boo
it sounds bad that's disgusting it's
gross Oh Oh God you're gross what's the
smell you're gross but that doesn't
gross this I could have to pick up the
dog shit all the time I would rather
pick up dog shit than here wax earwax is
disgusting this is no that's why why I
suppose because it opens wow so it looks
like my left ear was worse than my right
as gross as that is sorry that's a
little TMI yeah fun at your EDM hey babe
but it's actually a lot fine I know I
mean look at hopefully it doesn't rain
Allie's bring a GoPro that's waterproof
so that way she can film if it does rain
get a lot of wet t-shirt contests love
you baby love you too have fun i'm gonna
go for a run get some exercising then
get ready for work tour yeah you ready
call that heat push-ups or something I
can actually do like a super bored this
is something that's kind of funny for
people who've been watching the videos
for a long time for last couple days
I've been actually wearing Nikes instead
of wearing my chucks which is something
that never happens oh we have officially
made it for some time you successful
after standing in a line Friday are
officially laugh
this is the crappy thing one of the many
crappy things are not being able to
drive well I can drive but I can't
legally drive so I always have to take
loopers everywhere I have to say thank
you though to all of you guys use an
uber code uber CTFxC I'm gonna be
completely honest with you guys like
every time you use that code this is not
a sponsor or anything like that this
means being totally honest since I can't
drive this is how I get around is all
the codes that you guys use so every
time you guys use uber CTFxC when you
guys get your free ober it gives me a
free uber and that's honestly how I get
along like everywhere I need to go so
not being able to drive or get around
legally because the golf cart can give
me everywhere it sucks and this is my
work around of being able to live my
life like every time I say thank you
guys from the bottom of my heart that
you guys do so much for me and if you
guys have no idea what I'm talking about
uber gives a free code like it's kind of
like an affiliate code so every time you
guys use it I get a free ride which is
how I've been you know getting around
that's what the whole thing coming back
around and it gives you a free ride so
it's uber CTFxC super easy to remember
so if you guys want a free ride you know
I bank you know you guys are partying
you just don't feel like driving just
put that in there and the payment option
and you get a free I think this app to
like twenty dollars so you can get some
we're up to twenty dollars and then
hopefully I'll be able to actually drive
an automobile on the on the the road
without the potential of hurting myself
or others and that's honestly the real
thing i could drive i think i think it's
every couple months i'm allowed to but i
honestly have like a fear that something
could possibly happen and i know
eventually i have to get over that fear
because can't live your life in fear I
just I don't want I don't want to sleep
I just don't want to hurt anybody
especially with something that's going
on with me that's that's a fear of mine
and I don't I would suck I would I
wouldn't be able to forgive myself
something like that happened so i just
take myself completely out of that
equation
well we got really dark really fast
simile I just wanted to say thank you
one little thing and we got dark really
fast this is why would I have these long
talks it turns the video from just like
two minutes long there's something like
50 minutes long because I keep rambling
out a Rambler I get that from my mother
sorry mom 300 bus again two days in a
row that outfit and now this if you guys
have no idea what I'm cut well the
outfit this really mom that was cool
I know this won't last but I want to do
it anyway oh my god ball falling
greatest thing in the world look at this
I'm gonna release mega boxing gloves
alli and I are gonna have a fight
all right Christian success I get three
bandanas for three different dogs and a
bunch of other toys I feel that it's
pretty successful Oh balls done you got
something for you guys Freddie let's go
get it get it d you're so goofy let's go
let's play with a ball good boy what was
that jump well you're kind of playing
soccer right
well well then I got this you really
purple come here your purple you'll be
red I don't know where diesel went he's
gonna be green yeah obviously I got back
and I kind of want to just thinking
about I kind of wanted to say something
to elaborate what I was kind of
explaining earlier I kind of felt like I
was kind of like pitchy very salesman
ish earlier and I just wanted to clarify
that it was just me trying to explain
something I kind of wanted to elaborate
a little bit more about the whole you
know not driving thing because I know
there's a bunch of people out there who
knew to the videos we don't understand
why I can't drive when I can drive and
that's kind of what I was explaining
earlier that I was afraid because i'm
shooting longer to not drive because
you're on 31 years old and eventually
I'm going to have to start driving again
and I'm terrified for the date when I
have to do it because even walking
around throughout in a normal day it's
not something i usually talk about
because it kind of kind of honestly kind
of freaks me out because i had that
seizure once before the show and i had
the seizure on that airplane at one time
and I I honestly get like I don't like
to think that it's controlling my life
because I don't think it is but at the
same time it's always in the back of my
mind like every single day of my life
it's tiring first off and it's also very
very scary but yeah I just wanted to
explain a little bit more because I
wanted to be completely honest if you
guys were confused why I was talking
about that randomly and it was like
weird segue it's just I don't know how
that segue happened but it happened and
I just wanted to explain it a little bit
more rather than just leaving it there
at the edge but I do have this
so this can give me some brochures I do
whatever once a while just to give
myself that sense of freedom and that
way I'm not relying on people because
that you know with the you know the car
services and stuff like that you're
still relying on somebody's like a taxi
but women are driving you have that
freedom that's funny that reminds me of
all the times like all the bands that I
was ever in practicing in my mom's house
and just taking over the neighborhood
let's go I mean it's not that good let's
go okay they just got off the phone with
Ali she's on her way home I'm probably
going to be her actually so i'm going to
say goodnight right now thank you so
much for watching today's video you guys
are brand new don't forget to click
Subscribe I will see you guys tomorrow
as always have a good night bye guys
