it's making it rain with dog hair the
troublemaker knocking stuff down get
down here Marley today I finally
convinced ally with the help of you guys
to let me do her makeup for the makeup
challenge it guess it's boyfriend get
her fiancé her fiancé desert does my
makeup and here's the thing is I vow to
hold up the men that were not idiots and
that I can at least attempt to do this
makeup properly okay so here's jun 10
all i can only tell you so much jun 10
we the kings will be in new york city
for that TV show fox and friends and we
have free tickets and the first 100
people that come to the show and come to
hang out and camp out and hang out gets
a free physical signed copy of so far
which is our new album coming out i want
you guys to come out and drove and just
freaking take over the studio there's
probably only like a hundred spots in
the studio I want a thousand people to
try to get into that studio I want the
fire marshal come and say nope can't do
that that's my goal for you guys to see
if you get achieve I will get all the
details hopefully the next couple days
or I'll tweet it or we the kings will
tweet it but keywords we the kings New
York Fox and Friends June tenth free so
once i get all that information i'll let
you know and i can't wait to see you
guys all out there all right guys you
finally asked for it and I finally
convinced her to do it the hits would be
boyfriend as my makeup challenge but I'm
her fiance so fiance does one make a
cameo say put it tweaked a little bit
but they all say this bag i am at bayon
say i am going to try to place makeup on
my beautiful fiance his face she doesn't
ever wear makeup or she wears it very
frequently infrequently so oh I like to
put on some like I wear makeup but I
don't like I don't do the whole like
contouring and my eyeshadow red carpet I
suck at it hey you nervous I am nervous
we're gonna do a foundation because with
every great building block of anything
like doesn't make sense whatever great
structure you need a great foundation
well this was really use means you use a
lot so when I can use that one we use
ones you don't ever use cookie thought I
bought new ones I feel like because
there's nothing out of here well I would
be able to brush in here smart shade so
this is kind of like you cannot figure
out how to open it I'll good job just
kind of like in Photoshop the smart
filter I don't think this is a smart
filter you gotta bring the contours of
the face there that make me look so good
that you would want to take me out
tonight a lot at stake here so do you
know what any of this make a bit so I
know this is foundation or shade so
shade on it okay okay i know of things
so this is me trying to figure out for
men out there so we don't screw up we're
not all idiots this is not me
representing all men this surprises me
representing ninety percent of men wow
good job you got it open this was right
so what are you gonna do with that what
this is religious my kinda got a lot of
it we got to get the contours of the
guys you can make my cake face no you
gotta go condors on the i said you guys
get a ring this focus come on now let me
ask this are you actually trying are you
not right no this is what i thought cuz
you were you know you why would i make a
circle around like why do a circle i'm
gonna bring it down and measured I yeah
weird sway to start what faith you're
looking at somebody here pretty blue
eyes so you want to focus focus to be
your eyes not like that okay you know
what do whatever you want I'm gonna send
this to candy Johnson nobody hey candy
what do you think is she doing Oh
Charles you want to be on our video I'm
like yeah candy and the chill pipe but
you won't know what not to do how not to
do your makeup with Charles Trippy it's
great see open your eyes see your blue
eyes pop
I always think you're pretty and I even
prettier done doing your makeup right
around the eyes shut up my nostril so
now i want to bring out the cheekbones
and all that fun stuff so i got pink red
and pam just so that you guys are
wondering this is what it looks like see
I know you love pink so actually you've
used pink so this is gonna be your rosy
cheeks every those rosy cheeks out thank
you honey oh wow I'm sure like really
pretty dinner do I look like I've been
at the beach all day that's what I'm
trying to do this this is like a Florida
beach beach where you know what I mean
yeah you know it's like I just got out
of beach so what do I do it am I going
out tonight or is this just this is like
you were out all the all day on the
beach and then you're like with your
friends you're like we should go out for
margaritas so then do I get dressed up
or do I say my feet or this is like you
you get dressed up but you're wearing
all white so now everything is really
accentuated yeah ok so I'm saying this
is like yes sunburn like oh god I'm just
gonna make it even better if cheeks
you're the rosy cheeks thank you can't
tell are they thinking of I'm sure they
are oh look so good keep your eyes
closed color your eyebrows the ryegrass
eye lid oh my god is this freakin weird
actually think I just rolled on new goes
away clear creek okay hold on Shey open
no gotta keep in close to have to get
this i squeeze i'm literally coloring on
things a little thin thing to cover in
your building Iowa's can eat can you do
more than one you can do whatever you
want oh my god is looking great what do
you think so far guys I like it yeah
my thought process is to bring the
attention to the eyes so if you have
really pretty eyes this is a very good
thing your finger in my mouth sir okay
are you putting on lip liner yep I keep
it on the lips stop talking you're like
going to the dentist and dentist I ask
you questions no mr. dentist I cannot
talk to be the right now this is a nice
little do he needs a little bit brighter
my kissable like change my my mind will
TI's hell it needed to be a little bit
Papa had to pop a little bit more I feel
like I've taken a turn for less Sun
Bernie or this is more like extreme
sunburn I don't feel like okay lay hold
on there's a cheekbone here's a cheap on
know what to do I'm just excited to see
your makeup skills actually is it sad
that I can see some contouring for
others Oh your eyes out of my eye we got
plenty i have a date is coming up I know
view okay mom I'm going out tonight like
this that's good that's a beautiful red
that's like a brown color what's that
smell this smells like white fudge
mm-hmm it's all really good doesn't why
are you smelling him you think this is
like going to give away what color you
should use I don't know why I like the
best and this one is even darker it's
like a weird lipsy so weird open a
little freckle on your look I know okay
okay open in my mouth anymore ah what
the top of my grasonville well the
problem is lipsticks it always comes off
is this no steak lipstick lipstick is
what did the stick that comes off yes
they on okay he comes up okay Susan your
fix do you just have to do in a fluid
method manner or like that so you do it
kink on the outside of the lips cancha
I don't do that that looks so weird but
you're the makeup artist today I'm
trying to think do people do that I
can't go inside oh can I go open you up
so you don't put it in my house this
what is watering this is not feel right
okay that's helpful actually keep doing
that like I'm not really nervous about
everything from your silence right now
it's so cool that works you're literally
just painting hair you can use your
right hand this is fun it's good that
move it Master wants all the time my
vice get over roaming positive with its
minus era running I think that looks
perfect now do I need anything else um
eyeliner now you're actually trying that
is I've seen people do that kind of
stuff but I don't get I thought oh yeah
this wasn't so look we were going for
yeah my look under God no I'm
traditional right to wear my makeup it's
not so much here or here but somewhere
around here I'll be honest I started
really well and then something happened
it's not bad it's just it's different
and it's different than I thought it was
gonna be okay I don't know what that
means it means it's it's good but it's a
little bit you something really you move
your eyebrows dab it you want to look
like a fool I have a weird feeling
immortal yes okay i can look they go for
it isn't that amazing honey that and if
you look close look at the lips look
closely at the lips it's a phase the
gradient it is there's eyeliner on my
lips is that what a good
I'm not gonna ask you what this red is
on side of my nose and then that was
that's why you've done can't tell if it
looks like um like like a mix between a
raccoon Cleopatra and the Cleopatra
thing is where I was thinking about
that's what I couldn't think I couldn't
pinpoint its Cleopatra alright so in my
defense in my defense I went out with
good intentions and then I just got
that's crap I'd exactly he's a liar I
kiss was not good intentions no was it
okay so i started with the eyes and then
I screwed up and then I got confused I
don't know i am not going out like this
i started off with good intentions and
then I screwed up horribly like I said I
will go out sections most most most guys
cannot do makeup most guys who don't
normally wear makeup but i don't think i
do this that no you're gonna give it all
over me I let you guys down here's the
thing they asked you guys asked me to
try my hardest to do it and I really
when I sat down here I was like I'm
going to do it right that's not right do
i do i do my makeup like this is
subconscious like way of looking at
yours i look us one way when I walk out
of the housing legitimately old like
this I think I look like beautiful like
you know Claudia Schiffer and then I
walk out looking like this it's like a
kid like playing mom's makeup if you
guys are brand new to the video don't
forget to click Subscribe if you didn't
know all the hats and everything else at
CTFxC mercom is only ten bucks is a
friendly reminder don't forget to
subscribe we will see you guys tomorrow
as always thank you guys for watching my
face turn into this everyone I'm sorry I
screwed up and I let you down I'm sure
you guys are just yeah I'm sure oh my
mom is gone I
a little something so that took enough
stress better once you get some guys
with this nightmare all over again
other subtleties all this simple
adjustments of pain
