hey wiener dog I'm adjusting adjusting
to the little things on my teeth it's a
little weird kind of slept a little
rough last night zoo you know it's hard
I mean it's definitely hurting a little
bit cuz it's very very tight I made
through day one so that's a plus
yesterday took my mom my sister to the
airport they were going to Colorado to
go visit my older sister and my nephews
because my nephew's are graduating from
elementary school and from middle school
is at the same thing they have their
graduations today and tomorrow oh my mom
is gone I'm going to paint the living
room today a little surprise for her I
think she has an idea about it but a
little something so that shouldn't have
stress about it what you get so you guys
remember this nightmare all over again
and all the subtleties all the simple
adjustments of paint I can't see I see
horn a new red green yellow the basic
you know primary colors Ali sees all
these off white sand off blue's our
brain doesn't work that well
I'm the type of person that has to get
everything in one trip when like going
like groceries and stuff like that I
don't like coming back and forth so I
always end up looking like one of those
donkeys fully loaded success good point
look good too grabbing everything
literally got it all I'm so proud of you
you guys want to see the real life
Garfield mmhmm yeah it's cuz you're 45
pounds Tigers old fellow Tiger Tiger is
at least Tigers two tigers neighbors yes
at least like 11 or 12 hey otitis fat
you know it really doesn't eat a lobby
is this enjoying so look at that Billy
just enjoying themselves by Kelly though
it's like feed be damned okay this is
one of Ali's first Picasso's hmm cool oh
we gotta sound like very greater for
free what you have to do is pick the
screen color you were given a color and
then you have to find objects
that were of that color in their house I
wanted something really cute this is
baby Ali there's a baby you right it's
baby Ali the freaking monster looking at
Lowes food like Marley does the zoe i
forgot to say at the beginning of the
video today is the day the flash ten
dollar sale everything on CTFxC merch is
only ten dollars want to do this like 48
hours til like Monday so that means even
the hats and the tank tops and the
hoodies all those things are only ten
bucks right now it's like our way of
saying thank you that's why don't have
my hat on my head now because Ali is a
better model than me that's you and it
begins pretty color it's really bright
compared to the other one I like it
definitely brighten your mom's interior
Cathy if you're watching this stop
watching it right now max wants to come
in as you can see one chair come at hold
back this beast it's very key really
crazy all right Marley to
hey wiener dog
so far we just got one wall done looks
amazing yes I know it does look good so
we have to do that wall that wall that
wall typically four walls or generally
what you have to do when you paint very
strange that you have the order
escalator had a public support
and all those other places it's very
calming this is the only one I know that
actually does this at least pain right
now
she's going to do this like a surprise
around but I think ya might be out of
the bag
keep em all this stuff sub bear I'm not
doing it and now I'm standing so I'm
still hanging boo Wow heard of it going
from that color to that color is amazing
so much brighter this baby Ali again
gonna go long go long buddy
right hey go almost got it Lola so funny
she's like back off max get them off
that is a stick you're a bigger a DD
than Marley and Zoey combined max get
the football max get the ball that's not
a ball you're so funny the devil ball
let go of the stick come on what's focus
maxim focus oh my gosh you almost got it
if you catch this ball I'm gonna be
pretty impressed actually get it Lola
this what cats do all day just stare at
things like that you're staring at
nothing babe your teeth are back in your
head
so far this is coming out amazing yes I
keep like doing this with Ali and I keep
thinking I hear a squeak toy but it's
just this little dude you sound like a
squeak toy this is the most annoying
part right here we are that's how much
paint we have left and that's how much
wall we have left right here just right
here so it's just the right amount of
suckage so I'm gonna go get like one of
those resampled wait they already know
you're back there you your final say
I've had to go to Home Depot anymore ok
I'll get more just wonder that these are
they really special for working so much
and she does not have the time two
biggest things literally so we figured
you know what else is gone do this thing
she come back and you know it's all done
and ready to go cuz we don't know max
doesn't do shit this is like a special
surprise have like everything I've been
saying house like a mess you should try
to say every way the Kings album somehow
smile good sunshine state of mind
strangelove so far is the new one so far
which is the new one coming out I don't
think I've actually got to tell you that
it's kind of like a greatest hits album
that's coming out in two weeks it's
called so far and this is the album
cover pretty awesome i love that photo
that's actually from the thing that's
from the summerfest for i think i'm not
really sure you guys fired rubber better
than I do
I absolutely love how these old Zoe's
ears kind of like complement each other
and they goof ball in the back I got the
random urge to play some pinball I think
neared rock at the highest score last
time I was here so I gotta beat nerd
rock now it's got to be me that has the
high score this is my pinball machine
it's got to be me sweet there we go on
the couch then I get cocky than that
happens shoot yep astray oh come on
seriously all right yeah come on
Thursday your dumb center we're gonna
show you guys just in case look at that
awesomeness to just sitting on there I
should thread as well that hey al could
you toss up a battery for the phone a
camera listening is and we're back you
guys are about the witness history okay
here we go going up there come on
seriously
come on Josh seriously I think we have a
glitch in the matrix we don't usually
come up here in the game room very often
but coming up here right now makes me
want to restart me pursue gaming I think
that's what I want to restart very soon
you guys think we should start that if
you do tell us some video game ideas
that we should start doing because i
have been playing video games a while
and i don't even know what's new now you
heard me miiverse really played one game
beavers you pig balls painted a whole
house I think this is literally the
worst game oh no bumps oh you got two
balls like me I got two balls two you
lost the ball babe new ball you won't
play you okay would you pull up there
make this go diesel go look at this look
at my fingernails all that paint on my
fingernails in here and I'm pretty
positive but I have some paint like
right there as well all right did you
enjoy your game I gotta go rest I'm
exhausted internet before I forget make
sure you let CTFxC merge calm or how to
dress like a dork calm as I would Danny
made everything on zone like 10 bucks
that's five ten bucks started playing a
video game for the first time ever in
like months this was like a preciation
sale to Alan I wanted to do for you guys
so go there get it before it's gone I
suggest getting hats because the summer
is coming and I want to see all them I'm
walked or so i will see you guys
tomorrow and i will see you on what door
say goodnight all right
silly snake withered away
I take time suffering succotash
