literally
good morning Internet today is a cool
day because Ali is going to get her
what's this called modern-day braces
she's a little bit nervous you know it's
like something I've always wanted but
they're still important I don't know why
it's just like freaking me out a little
bit let me see those muscles though you
know occasionally as always both ears
would go up
I've noticed that Marley's ears never go
down and I've showed you guys this
before about how she turns into a
completely different dog whether ears
down that would be Marley
I think I'm Marley we would never would
know I think this year doesn't want to
do it I guess
I guess I do earlier
whole life I've got I've been made fun
for my teeth so it's just gonna be it's
just crazy
to think that talk
they'll change the deal with them and
know the way that we do I'm not a good
boy that I want way that what you want
I'm gonna still nervous I think I'm
afraid of not looking like myself I
think it'll be fine I think I've already
told her a million times I should have
made a good that love her smile that air
bright eyes were the ones two things
that caught my attention and then the
goofiness solidified everything I'm just
I am scared though I'm scared of like
not recognizing myself as corny as it
sounds I don't think it's gonna be that
big I know it's not I'm just this is
just me
but for now they're just giving you
dentures like say the fox jumped over
the chair the silly snake slithered away
suffering succotash I was checking out
right now for dentists they didn't do
anything crazy right now they just gave
her the molds and I think in a few weeks
they're gonna do the dots where
everything starts pulling everything
together and then she'll be filming that
but right now I'm just gonna mess with
her to make you say a bunch of tongue
twisters by the way I don't know if you
noticed last couple days there's a bunch
of like weird let's see maybe picking
out here in the Sun be yesterday I just
look like an idiot all the sunspots in
the dust like so much dust right there
in front of the actual lens maybe they
can get it it just gets really super
gross and ugly and ruins the shot I
would apply to take this back so I'm
just gonna try to figure out either if I
can return this one maybe just maybe I
switch over to a different camera I
don't know it's not doing it right now
so it looked like I'm crazy so I'm just
gonna cut this is what I was doing I
could show it to you yesterday came and
checked Ally's car because of the whole
alternator situation see I can't that's
that just ruins the vlog for me you can
get a perfect shot and sometimes a lens
flare is awesome but most of the time
it's just a No
ugly and dirty
they snug that
this is the brand on your TV say snug
snug snake slippery Snuggie snake okay
so I'm not rule that's a little bit of
an attitude okay but I guess we'll get
used to it I feel like I read in the
comments - people said like this is the
hardest part of a kind of slobbering a
little bit yeah I being supportive but I
have to laugh at the same time you would
do the same thing to me she sells
seashells by the seashore she sells it's
right there I got love like she fell
okay so let's swap it out for a
different one but I want to see if I can
find a better camera I know the 7x mark
2 which is a newer version of this
cameras coming out but I'm kind of
debating on whether or not you should
start vlogging for Jay I think that
would be kind of a cool thing to start
doing I just I found a good 4k camera
and new camera or new old camera but
look at it no speckles and everything so
Alec can speak eloquently without
speckles say I'm really super tired
you're getting better it's weird you're
okay nice well I guess I chose an eye
teeth pledge and I think it's because my
peacock tail like in this story we
process our plugin they're gonna move
and obviously they get used to it um
it's just really weird
were you in here talking to yourself
trying to get better at it while I was
out there getting new camera just
adjusting it it's really it like getting
so much better at it already it's not
even funny anymore cuz you're actually
sounding normal I'll tell you this it's
gonna be annoying and a very annoying
year of my life
well you gotta drink coffee so you gotta
take it out which a little haha no she
said if I could just ride through the
drop I think you're adorable
I had a let okay here's the thing I'm
allowed to do this for my entire
childhood because I had a list by a real
one yes the permission some way that
makes logical tonight you can put that
that did it
see you're just creating I'm not even
doing that though so we could thought
the super simple
and even doing it right here none I
really did have a list though I want him
in the house so I had this cool idea I
was gonna do it in the living room and
we can hang that on the wall it's even
better
I'll hide love when I get a new camera
camera is updated it just looks so much
better it's so much clearer every now
everything looks so clear I did say that
it was like three or four weeks ago but
I didn't break this one so this one
doesn't count this one was broken by
canon canon was faulty check it out for
that cat lady you know
do you love lamp it's not even a lamp
it's the light bulb oh that is cool yeah
that's cool though those are the types
of things you're like oh that's so
stupid
and it turns out I'm like immediately
like you don't see this oh that isn't
bulb that thing I love that's really
cool those bulbs are so cool I
immediately sold on gimmick stuff all
the time though all those as seen on TV
things I probably own every one of them
Ali loves doing this was like reading a
giant book you're getting better at
though every time you say something new
you're getting a little bit better the
artists at work she had this crazy idea
of getting a bunch of weird eclectic
type of frames and just making a weird
pattern on the wall just take it up
awhile so every I got it blocked off
over here
artha feel like if we do it we got to do
a lot bigger gotta do a big so I have to
tell you guys this is gonna be Jay keep
like sucking spit out of in flames like
right you are I can feel like building
up I think this is gonna be something
that I definitely have to get used to I
know that there's other youtubers that
have and you know these different you
know things tick mark your teeth well
Ally trillion cherry okay I got a picker
brain so I want to find out if this is
something like that's constantly do you
look I'd really like it I have a bobble
I can feel the pressure though already
and I said that that's gonna be
something constant where I'm gonna feel
like you know obviously they're trying
to adjust your teeth so you're gonna
feel just like tightness so that's
something I'm trying to get used to the
constant flooring slurring the spit it's
a little rough I'm not gonna lie it's a
little rough so we decided we're gonna
go get some oh my god oh my god
ice-cream milkshakes
Slurpees everything after you man after
year
who says chivalry is dead can you say it
she sells seashells by the seashore now
in other word lumber party members know
what would make take it out
I'm gonna take out your good soup
they're really not to make people a lot
better though
like calcium deposits as making a tooth
longer okay show me around okay be a
good host show us everything you such a
terrible host
always buy cheese and crackers sorry I
hadn't even asked her to say things that
start with S okay Sally so that by the
seashore fell except other people
already all my internet friends out
there my mouth hurts pretty bad this
thing is working which I'm really happy
about but I think that we are gonna so
much better though thank you but I think
we're gonna head off to bed alright like
I said I'm grumpy my mouth hurts so
thank you guys so much for watching
today thank you for listening to me talk
like a weirdo thank you for watching me
spit thank you for watching me drool
today if you have any tips on what she
should do and how she can get through
this whole situation nothing in her
mouth please let let her know because
she's losing her mind and don't forget
guys starting on Friday through Sunday
will be the ten dollar flash sale every
single thing on CTFxC more calm every
single thing will be ten dollars for
that only brief amount of time so there
you go there preciate sale basically
absolutely make sure you go there and
grab yourself some awesome new gear and
if you guys are brand new please make
sure you hit the subscribe button we
love you so much thank you and we will
see you guys tomorrow
bye bye guys silly Sally got some pills
from the future they stopped it which is
good also begs the question why the hell
we're out here
those without thanking questions why the
hell will walk you buy it anymore
Wow it came right up there
yeah
