so we are back at the BMW dealership
because we had to come and get our tires
and guess what that's my new car we I
did shell my new charge like look it's
our new car this is the first car that
Chara is actually gonna start driving in
36 miles per gallon what that's insane
okay now I'm liking this car a little
bit better for the gas mileage I do have
to say though that I think that the flip
up doors are a little bit funny game
what you think it is I'm gonna go with
like 76
I was way off all right let's just slide
my button there a little bucket there's
like no room in the back that's like the
room where it's just like oh are you
getting nothing if I really met though
for like room what do you think guys
should begin or not these little
ridiculous
so we did it we just pulled the trigger
we just got a new BMW was just what do
we get a 328 si or I I don't know what
we got what it was just by my car has
something like a recall on it so this is
getting fixed they can't like doing a
duck walk
I was driving something's lower the
ground so weird
but
we went in there with the typical just
trying to get our tires like kind of
inflated turned into a giant
it is your rental car situation it was
like a thousand or 1500 miles under the
warranty that we have so we were just
extended in it we just like do
everything you possibly could do that's
under warranty so that we would have to
pay for it yeah I am signing courtesy
vehicle policy news smoking a Boyd fuel
surcharge please feel like right there
fuel surcharges five dollars a gallon
I think the cans has been like that
expensive since ever was it expensive or
something yeah yeah that one plays a
steep place you remember that one place
where I filled up my fuel and my guest
my car we were coming over to come back
from our cruise and I wasn't paying
attention and I started filling up the
car I just got distracted and they don't
display you know their prices anywhere
is that our gas was up to $80 I think it
was the most piss I've ever been in a
vlog they are the highest gas station
probably in the country right now you
guys and they're what they say is there
next to the airport really next to the
airport
that's how pissed I was I think I've
calmed down a lot since that day Santa
Mike we're seeing so many awesome things
today this actually reminds me the first
video I ever uploaded to YouTube with
this giant stick and Zoey cleaning out
the river although she's a little bit
bigger now
watch out I only hit diesel Oh No broke
just want to get this side it's big
enough to share you guys can all play
with it
any other dog would just kick your ass
Marty
see that's the thing about Marley she
doesn't care about anything else other
than messing with Zoey
it's like you'd be playing with a laser
of the ball or something like that and
then the fun police over here comes and
just ends everything we came back to the
house because Ali's family's friend came
and checked Ali's car because of the
whole alternator situation we were
telling you guys how her car was
continually not starting
looks like mechanics originally they
don't I don't want to say lied but they
didn't tell us the correct information
because he checked it even more and
everything was fine
we're just like over - right now I think
it's just life hitting us like all
catching up all right though you think
the bad with the good at least that's
how I look at life is that you know
there's so many good things that happen
but there's always gonna be something
bad and it's how you take that bad thing
determines how well those good things
are gonna be I don't know if that makes
sense
all these little like philosophy things
always make sense in my head but I don't
know what I try to say them out loud on
in front of the camera if it actually
makes sense we have some super fun
exciting news we're not going to tell
you exactly yep but we just have
something coming up that involves the
CTFxC I want to tell you know I want to
tell you this weekend
everything at CTFxC merch calm every
single thing that's on there is ten
dollars starting Friday at midnight the
entire weekend until Monday so the end
of Sunday every single thing hats
hoodies every single thing tank tops $10
only then we're gonna do our like summer
flash sale sorry head of town
I mean email right now dftba telling
them that this is happening and you know
me I'm a bargain shopper and this is one
hell of a bargain
hoodies dog toys posters shirts hats and
the list goes on the only thing we can't
do is the Zoe Marley plush set but I
will do that at 50% off just because
those things cost
so much money to make this is just a
nice little gift that Charles wanted to
do for everybody cuz school's out people
are graduating
there's no we're finalists or summer
tests there's nothing for the next
couple of months and then we'll see all
this stuff on Warped Tour
and that wear hoodies the Warped one is
so number one hope we get to see you
guys on worked or I know he hopes to see
you on worked hard but number two you
want to see you guys rocking all that
awesome apparel we've decided to take
one giant family car tonight getting
some stairs oh my god it's getting a
little feisty in Charles
did you tell that we just got out
downtown st. Pete's blown up right now
literally downtown Champaign and it
literally blew up and there's fire and
smoke coming from underneath the city
what town you down though you're you're
ridin dirty
right here's where a boss one problem
this is where I lost them right here
it's not memory yeah I always remember
this intersection it looks like they
stopped it which is good also begs the
question why the hell we're out here it
also now begs the question why the hell
will walking by it anymore huh okay
great Wow it just came right up there
yeah you can
that one right there over there why
would it explode
it's kind of like a Silent Hill
everything's under fire Silent Hill yep
true story by the way I just watch this
I love this stuff
there actually is a town still that is
burning community it's still technically
on fire underneath the ground okay
remember the name of the city though we
should definitely go there that would be
awesome
so beautiful it was I does he get to
that musician is such a good person
he's such a good person
other I do some that you love is
planning his heart up and probably ours
it's true everybody
exactly doesn't matter how you do it
live your dreams right now my dream is
to feed a squirrel I'm gonna live it
we go back don't give me rabies
don't give me rabies now what the f--
you want the funniest part is we'll be
here in a couple months for a warped or
ego but that's a finger this is what I'm
going to do when I'm older I'm just
gonna be that old fart feeding squirrels
and birds so fun to me I don't know he's
following you
hey bud he's like okay I'll take it can
you see well they're all coming my god
this is too cute I feel like we're no
white Cinderella right behind you talk
oh my god I think that is just the most
adorable thing I've ever seen
trotting squirrels this is just so cute
what's that giant crow oh my god
that the king grunts OH and the Beast we
just realized that one of our little
squirrel friends has followed us all the
way over here
Pearl's has made a new friend it's so
cool that they're just not afraid I
think he just really likes Charles I
don't think he came for the food I just
think that he liked them
oh yeah he looks a little full right
there
like pppp we want to go grab some little
things for dinner tonight and I was
looking at the coffee aisle I think
that's how I think of everything that I
missed
after all the surgeries it's cruel
alcohol I think coffee is the one thing
that I actually missed the most ice
black coffees all iris that's all I
would have to I didn't like the cream or
the sugar or anything just black coffee
and that's that was my vice for a long
lot of tours so we just surprised
Anthony and Nia we were checking out and
they had a little mini little bit I was
a heart attack it'll freak out now they
have to watch it so you seen this stuff
oh and Ali's seeing people to look at
her she's so popular
Kylie's like the Queen she's like the
mayor of st. P I should say there she
knows everyone
oh don't worry about it we'll buy them a
chicken wing
that's your foot you know that right you
can't eat that
alright guys I hope you enjoyed today's
video we didn't blow up the city almost
did I say truth truth the southerners
favor saying I will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
don't forget to subscribe guys are brand
new
bye guys I swear that's not a quick he
just does it every time we do it it's
good okay it's fine it's still there man
Internet you have a better way of doing
this please let me know
