really idiot right now hey hey
hey
so here's a fun way to start off the
video diesel gets benadryl of it once in
a while helpless is ditching and like
when there's thunder and lightning and
it's food and this one's a raccoon we
already know that as you can tell what's
happening to her she snuck his food and
I think she got some benadryl so she's
like passing out she's like walking and
falling asleep are you feeling a little
drowsy you look drugged up some drugs I
also got a fun little prank I just found
out by accident if you have a MacBook
Pro or just a Mac in general hit the Alt
key on somebody's keyboard five times
you'll hear it 1 2 3 4 5 do it now watch
what happens see look I'm trying to
tweet right now and the keyboards not
working up here nothing's working right
hit it five four of times comes back so
it's a way to disable the keyboard but
the everything else works
so water prank somebody five times
good luck have fun with that he's given
up on everything you drained out bud
look at that look at the way he's had
his laid over the edge of the couch I
honestly think that he's just super
comfortable char the next day so
entrapped amazing we'll have yesterday's
video then below that'll stay tomorrow's
video yeah yeah why not
- yeah I definitely think that
accessibility is super important making
it easy for someone to go ahead and be
like oh I just finished this one but I
didn't get to see the previous two so I
know that like I've done that before
where I'll watch today's video and then
I always get caught waiting to go watch
the previous day's
we just hide the guy that actually put
this whole roof thing in come over
because it was leaking the other day
when there was like a really really bad
rain know if you came over we discovered
something and I got to show you what the
discovery was and why all the leaking
was happening this filling up so
basically all of this was filling up
with all these different leaves and then
it was like overflowing onto the top of
this which was causing this to leak yeah
there you go Oh complete now
everything's gonna work
everything's starting to drain so I have
to trim their nails yeah freakin wrap
their talons going on right now Martin
come on no yeah come on I took her into
like a pet store to get it done and I
think they got her quick that's not like
the cuticle same thing never since then
she's been terrifying even though I
don't do it I'm good at this okay good
do fast see come on you're not done this
was hiding over here that one's hiding
over there that's such a cute face death
night you didn't get you quick you're
just freaking I swear that's not her
quick she just does that every time you
do it she's scared see it's fine
your foots still there oh man Internet
he had a better way of doing this please
let me know
this is those freaking truck see your
foots fine see you did it again
I put this book ahead what do you
forgive me
do you forgive me he always do this is
single handedly probably the hardest
thing to do if you have dogs
okay she's over there trying to pretend
like she can't see me if you guys have
any other like helpful ways of doing
this with dogs like trimming nails let
me know because this is always like the
most terrifying traumatizing thing for
them and I was feel so bad about it
come on I'll show you guys something
hey listen you can't even hear Marley
now because their nails started so long
hey go bigger sneaky that's just that's
just sneak right up on us I'm gonna say
awesome I am what did you do
no really what'd you do I was trying to
measure the stupid fence like slice my
finger cuz I'm so awesome at being a man
this is how awesome I have at doing
things and I was just measuring up we
are going to try to extend our fence a
little bit I was just talking to the guy
because I think I'm overthinking
everything I certainly was so I just got
to get a 4x4 and some panels and that's
all we got to get it seems easy in
theory I got the OCD about the panel if
they have that all right so this looks
like a fence right here or is this our
fence no it's the other one good news we
found our fence like I want to see wait
and I'll found paint so successful
couple minutes we did that really good
at doing that really fast I'm gonna go
home and I'm gonna see how a fence is
put together before are you sighs to put
together a fence I feel like we can do
it though because we've been doing
pretty well whoops we're doing some
crazy stuff around the house there two
options we pay somebody that's a
professionals to do it or we try to do
it ourselves
and obstruct a secluded ooh is I'm
trying to build something for the golf
cart because I want to get our car into
the garage
and our golf cart into its own garage or
we could try to check out one of these
things
this would be nice anyhow I think
actually this might be a little too wide
you hold this because I'm really afraid
of a slice my finger okay it's moving
throw it and drop it so I'm so excited I
might have just made the best purchase
of my entire life or I just made the
strangest purchase of my entire life
obviously it's a plant obviously there's
two when there was in pots but what kind
of plant is that it's a mosquito plant
literally I believe it's called a
mosquito plant citronella mosquito plant
so this is supposed to quote-unquote
keeps the mosquitoes away because
obviously you guys know I'm having the
biggest issue ever trying to keep the
mosquitoes away I've had citronella
candles everywhere we've gotten like
little devices that are supposed to like
release the turn Ella everything now I'm
reporting back to mother nature
hopefully Mother Nature is on my side
and she keeps the mosquitoes away since
I'm terrified of this now feeling way
too look I used to love doing like
letting go but now I just all I could do
it's a really interesting way to do it
honey freaking out we all we need to do
is we would take this piece stay out
it's going out over to the edge and we
would just flip this over here so go
right here and then I think we would
just cut out the tree and then we would
attach it to put a post like right here
or something and then attach it so a new
one would go out to here I think we're
gonna figure this out there's got to
figure out how wide the golf cart is now
Ali's got the golf cart
this is kind of exciting I think it's
gonna be one of the bigger projects that
I've ever done
Yeah right here would be nice and snug
and it's a little garage we just got to
figure out how why the door needs to be
really idiot right now I have my
fingers like I'm just in here right now
I slammed it in the frickin door it's
gonna pop off you can see it not right
now but it will pop off right now I
slammed it in the freaking door like I
was getting like really relaxed with my
finger I thought it came through the
tour it did not see you can see it's
already coming up a little bit
Charles has been working on the fence or
the whole you know golf cart thing for
quite some time now but I feel like
today we actually got some progress oh
my god don't say that you almost lost
your fingernail for this you look so sad
about this I can't walk through a
freaking door without doing something
else it's just today and yesterday
yesterday dude that's myself oh yeah
honey you just have a bad case of the
Mondays today like trying to fly the
drone the drone flew at me before one of
them maybe that was a sign for you that
it shouldn't have been flown yes I could
have got it like that I know we're just
waiting guys okay I'm a real bad day
it's okay you know it's going to fall
off so I'm really noticing the
vulnerability of Charles today he does
not like to show this side of him you
always laugh it off but I don't know I
can tell that you're frustrated I know I
can tell you're just frustrated there
once you just chill out lay down relax
it's not too late go lay down there you
go
what did you do Joey you seen the pump
I'm so sorry this is not the worst day
ever but it's pretty damn close the
worst day ever
I feel like maybe all the the craziness
of the past couple of days is just
finally catching up to and you're a
little tired
I think it's emanating
across the drone tape measure tape
measure
please forgot and then door and then
flesh and then I don't know what's next
he just lit a match with a match which I
think it's possible anyways but I was
still pretty amazed he was studying
their music you kept looking at me like
I think it's gonna happen I think it's
gonna happen and then it did and he had
that big old like little kid grin at
Christmastime whenever they find that
present that they always wanted in this
matches here's Charles magic trick we're
even hitting the top
hello a day of mishaps yep
get it on deal control-z at it on Dale
this is gonna be story time I don't know
I think I may if there's men so many
things I've said in the videos one thing
I vividly remembered about slain and
this is all he triggered because I
remember slam I figured I had speech
class or whatever it was called in
college and I had a presentation like I
had to give my speech and before YouTube
before the we the kings I was a very shy
public figure not figure into it yeah I
was an introvert and it's I still kind
of in in a very much a sense an
introvert I remember having to give my
speech I got on my car had my shoes my
hand I was like I don't want to do this
how do I do this
I literally put my thumb in the door and
slam my thumb in the door like freaking
genius oh my god Charles was honest
truth I never told you this one no this
is a true story and I walked in there my
finger bleeding I was like I can't get
my speech
correctly can I come back and do this
and I got I think I got a week we could
no yeah we didn't make it ease and like
any easier for you though
no what made it worse lesson learned
don't slam your finger into something to
get out of it it doesn't work I'm just
supposed party or something I'm trying
to get out of anything guys because
you're still gonna have to do it usually
a week later you just have to do it a
week later
and I think it's official I have
definitely had a case of the Mondays
anyway I hope you enjoyed today's video
and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night oh no time for
exaggerated face plop to signify and a
video and me going to bed bye guys
alright now flying the drone
I'm gonna ever make
I know he's out there somewhere
practically capturing some of the
coolest jobs ever
you guys got to see the last Oh
for plummeted
