some Alyssa's over right now because she
was having issues with her computer mr.
genius over here she took it to the
Apple Genius Bar two times once and they
couldn't figure it out by golly I think
I figured it out how you think and
that's what kind of Sierra tips I'm
gonna freak out oh yeah no no see you
can delete this one cuz I know it's not
in there oh that project I don't believe
anything till I know do you hear that
that was like a good internal burp it
was like cake okay girl oh yes look at
my cake people like it people like it oh
man your mom looks super funny yes sir
she was loving it trying to poop are you
trying to do
was that something from Zoey jumping
down here I'm not sure that a sunflower
I'm not ran into something two things no
one told me my hair looked like this and
second thing I beat the geniuses and I
figured it out I figured it out all the
hours of the geniuses and it took me
like 20 minutes I don't want to call
myself a genius is there transitive
property still good but the transitive
property still stands right I might but
it still hurt you won't come on bro come
on bro like we ever got in trouble like
where somebody was trying to attack on
us I'm gonna be the one who's afraid but
yeah Charlie
come on bro you want see the sweetest
thing barley always does Marley come on
it should just go right there on your
leg every single time watch be cute
every time okay ready
are you just hiding from everybody call
the police call the police you are mark
she now wanting to hang out
what are you guys doing weirdo okay
where you want pizza let's go get pizza
let's go get pizza
all right somebody wants peace instead
that right there is I believe an osprey
nest I know it's really really big so we
are back at it fortunate that we left
the dogs at home because we kind of
wanted to have a relaxing day out here
and you know honestly on the weekend
it's so busy at the dog beach that is
kind of difficult to one find a parking
spot to enjoy it what we're going to do
is we're actually gonna bring the dogs
back I think later this week to the dog
beach later in the afternoon and char
and I are just gonna have a nice you
know kind of a couple's day at the beach
char is out flying the drone so I'm not
sure people even gonna ever make a
speech but I know he's out there
somewhere probably capturing some of the
coolest shots ever
I'm actually really freaking bombed you
guys got to see the last moments of this
drone before it plummeted it was fine
and that all of a sudden I went to I
don't know if you guys ever flown a
drone
it's called Adi mode or atti mode and
basically if it's ever in that mode it
sucks
there's nothing you could do about it
switched for some stupid reason - Adi
mode and it was fine perfectly as you
guys saw it got the C then randomly just
went to that stupid mode and now it's
just a pile of crap
it was the crazies when I hit the ground
I was like oh god oh my god oh my god oh
my god I was just looking for people to
make sure nobody was gonna get hit when
I hit the ground I could see the bounce
back after hit the ground of something
bouncing over those trees and then there
was this little girl saw it and she
started running towards it as long as
you got to see a spectacle and got to
see crash let me know how it was and she
said it was amazing so I personally feel
a little bit better the SD card is in
the camera that I'm missing and that's
the most valuable part right now has an
O in the battery that those are two most
valuable parts in this situation thank
God I got these things insured for these
type of things so I'm laying down by the
water and I called Charles to see where
he was at cuz
it's been a little bit and he just holds
me and the drone I guess that there
since there's a lot of like satellites
out here or not a lot of like there's
not a lot of reception out here
basically what happened was since drone
and dropped out of the sky
do you like a walkway area up there and
shattered
quite upset right now not mad just
really really upset I think he's on the
verge of crying which I wouldn't blame
him we're in Florida on the beach so I
found Ally I was explaining to her what
exactly happened and I kind of want to
say something really quick I know a lot
of you guys are like watching this video
be like what the shit why are you
freaking out and like making a big deal
about it here's the thing ever since it
was a young kid I think my parents did
an amazing job instilling to me the
things are just things or just mere
material possessions and that thing
sucks they'll get me wrong I'm a little
upset about that internally I'm freaking
out but at the same time it's things you
know I mean so things are all
replaceable people are not I feel like
that's really important to remember I
didn't crash so I'm still alive the
drone that's why it's a drone internally
I am if I was out there getting those
shots in a helicopter would be
completely different situation because I
feet on the ground right now and like I
said as long as that young girl got to
see it explode I'm ok with it if no one
got to see that explode I mean that
would be worse that would be the true
tragedy right there on the water I know
nope
I'm a wiener it's not that bad
water is and I don't want to break my
chin oh dollars they're seeing dollars
what I say I'll call them sand quarters
in the last video
trying to freak me out is it that deep
your liar jump I'm not sure
a buck constantly in the air there you
go guys there you go
so I was digs a gang so the harness was
there the copter was there and I
remember I was telling you guys there
was a piece that went flying in the air
I did not even think about looking that
far look how far that went
and I've seen you're spending like an
hour 30 minutes doing this as SD card in
there please tell me it's in there yes
right there that was the piece that's
the most valuable of the situation well
that's the most valuable but as far as
like footage wise it's like if the
cameras ever stolen all I want is the
footage back I don't give a shit about
the camera I mean I do but it's one of
those things the footage is more
valuable and this is a piece that
bounced so that's literally where it was
and it bounced all the way over here and
hope you guys enjoyed today's video this
is the sacrifice we do we do it for the
vlog so I just got back from running the
dogs and myself and Allie made homemade
chicken nuggets again with the fresh
green beans that we actually picked
ourselves Wow we may become farmers the
CTFxC farm well internet it is time to
say good night
yesterday I finished editing at 8:30
p.m. yesterday was early - I think we're
getting in a better freaking night
schedule which is really awesome cuz
usually like I said yesterday we're
doing this until like 2:00 or 3:00 in
the morning the drone is dead but like I
said I have insurance on it so I have to
get that taken care of
hope you enjoyed today's video because
like I said I will sacrifice cameras in
the name of the vlog hope you enjoy
today's video and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always
they've gotta be what 15 people they're
unbelievable this is way beyond anything
that I was actually expecting that's not
I gotta tell you scary movies were
filled with sunflower fields I want to
be scared of them anymore
you know how they're always like running
through corn
