500 it's got this can't be 50 there's
got to be 500 it's gotta be something
dramatic all right 500 let's go guess
what we're doing today guys good morning
Internet we're going to the Sun
Barfield's because it closes next
weekend and it's a beautiful day in and
I'm so excited to be a little Pippy and
run through this sunflower fields and
sing songs and dance with the
butterflies now they're blooming now
they're blooming so I've been wanting to
take her for a very long time and now
they have like some fire mazes and
things like that and I think you can
pick your own fruit and vegetables so
today would be a bunch of hippies I came
I am happy you know this what my aunt
says about military Remy she was like
whenever I would like him up to her
house I would just like Tyra beautiful
stoplight except it was like Ali you're
just such a then I cursed so I brought
the computer so I can get some work done
I'm obviously uploading yesterday's
video because you see Ali's ring you
guys have not checked out the day before
when we were at Dinosaur World p.m. i'll
check that out there
no sunflowers I think we may have found
it she's a wild hunch look at
grasshoppers you excited I am so excited
I've always wanted to go something like
this because ever since I saw the movie
everything is illuminated and that scene
well the sunflowers I was like I want to
go somewhere like that anything existed
they've gotta be what 15 feet tall
they're unbelievable this is way beyond
anything that I was actually expecting
that's truly that's nuts I got to tell
you if scary movies were filled with
sunflower fields I wouldn't be scared of
them anymore in how they're always like
running through corn mazes don't think
I'll sunflowers some flowers because
they adjust to the Sun you know I
actually really don't know this is a
mutant sunflower I never seen more than
one actual bloom on an actual stick hey
this could be a lot of bees around here
similarly can get in
Allie's in heaven right now I knew she
liked coming there like it's Marlee and
it's Marlee if we let her eat whatever
she wanted to eat a little tail she's
just like oh oh that's definitely Marley
and we go to the maze okay so this is
actually kind of a semi complicated maze
but we're gonna get lost assuming we'll
go this way I don't think we're even in
the maze yet babe we're going in here's
one and the lower leaves are shaped like
a heart okay so if it's hard we go
straight so you went straight but if we
keep going straight well they're going
that direction they went that direction
we should go no not this way that's
right we're so gonna get lost
we're like a real-life maze runner right
now
yeah filming stuff for you that I am the
leader of this mace follow me no I feel
like Khaleesi I think all these people
are following us out we should take them
to a bunch of dead ends and then cut
through somewhere give them to the
Centaurs or whatever happens in maze
runner what are those things the giant
ants I don't know did we go the wrong
way it was the head and now completely
confused this started off as like oh
this is gonna be fun now it's like
really serious okay now damn it
emergency exit it's not that way okay at
this point I bed they slowly look to
your right thanks mom for Andrea there's
a bug in your hair all right all right
della right this right ok so the op is
our right that's the right of what I was
suggesting me and not the right way
that's the right one ok baby I don't
think that's right I think you're lying
nope take a right I lied no no let's go
this way to left he knows where he's
going I have a sweat mustache right now
could you guys see this you know for a
person who love sunflowers so much I'm
starting to hate this me what do you
think the design looks like from this
guy I'm assuming it's gonna it probably
looks like what shoe showing us in the
beginning and did you know that the
sunflower had is actually made up of
1000 to 2000 little flowers certain
things I've always wanted to do I got my
bucket list this is definitely one of
them some flowers are done in char like
picked up one of the stems or I guess
that's what it would be yeah I think so
and it's look at this it's like a little
fluffiness in the center of it that's
weird it looks like Stay Puft it's so
crazy what for not her you guys where
come from another now bring that we
might need a just in case we had a bear
how many what ok I'm here the question
how many different varieties of bananas
are them 500 it's got this can't be 50
it's gotta be 500 it's gotta be
something dramatic alright 500 let's go
I guess there's worse places to be stuck
in a corn maze I don't think would be as
fun I think some part is the only flower
that has flower in the same this is just
yes or no other yeah I think its
internet is at the end it's the seven
the end my god and we didn't have to
call for a helicopter hi buddy for
making her friend
his nose is so gooey ready that wasn't
very romantic you give up okay now you
guys have to share well gentlemen
there's a zucchini fire fight gun all
right on you gotta bring Towson yeah you
got to get it around their horns it's a
little bit harder than I got it didn't
how long okay sick whoo maybe third
time's the charm go all right I guess
cows aren't coming in today not coming
in today there's so many babies why our
goat i square actually rectangular like
sheep sheep have them to write sheep and
goats this isn't food check it out
though I'm so tiny so look for zucchini
I'll see you in zucchini Riley right
here yep look at it where you supposed
to twist it right uzuki knee cut or
squash good thing right oh no
squash is cut oh crap I don't remember
look Hannah zucchini so cool how many
zucchinis we want I only like you there
you go oh my God look at this I'm sorry
this is so cool i want to be a part
where like how you're farming your
skinny jeans look at all the yellow
squash to get out of it
that's a big one hey Adam okay so you
cut halfway down we're here so you're
gonna cut it halfway down like right
there okay good why can't you just twist
it I don't know mm-hmm I put you these
have these little spikes on it to keep
the animals from eating it may be sure
maybe there's a farmer watching our
video I can tell us got our squash dad I
know I'm looking for oh those kind of
green beans I guys look at if something
else feel like these are gonna be the
hardest ones to find they're so tiny see
mm-hmm this is what sucks so I can't
ever surprise Ali with things like this
because I have to make her drive and I
can't really have her blindfolded when
driving that I ever tell you guys what
we did on our first date since I can't
drive obviously kind of still sometimes
a little beres about not being able to
drive on our first date I literally
rented a driver like a town car to drive
us around all night for our first first
aid yeah which is to me like I was like
what what is this bag to me maybe look
like a baller though the only thing I
can ever do relate to surprise Ali
otherwise she kind of knows I grabbed
this green bean and I had these little
dudes on it I feel bad taking their beam
and bugs are those
oh I picked up plan oh we take this home
probably not all right do you have fun
at a random day oh my god honestly one
of the coolest ace I probably ever had
remember we were saying we were gonna do
kind of random stuff like adventure
stuff we already did two of them in one
week so we did to this month we were
supposed to space those out we've been
wait well this one's about over yeah
well this one ends in like a week so we
literally just made it so Ali came up
with a cool idea for the wedding for
like the reception maybe doing like a
lemonade stand or something like this
and then for adults having adult limit
so there's like you can do different
flavors before the name in jars they got
off our stupid face on him to the lights
go out
I think it's a cool idea I love lemonade
I do I felt bad since we're gone and we
want to place the dogs gourmet dog treat
place this is deep dish pizza right now
yeah you want pizza right the personal
pan our joy you get a half beats all
right now you're the big one beg you got
this Zoe come on you got this look at
you here's your little pizza this one I
don't give you pizza cuz you told doing
want you're so picky go eat your pizza
this is very rare that i actually get
the you know just get the chill before
the night because usually i'm editing or
Ali's editing until like one or two in
the morning and we're filming up until
like 11 or 12 o'clock at night so it's
kind of a change of pace to get a lot of
things done in the day and let's be able
to enjoy the sunset or what we could
possibly see as a sunset it's over there
i'm going to edit the vlog before i do
anything right now so it's like deja vu
you guys already got to see this so i
hope you enjoyed today's video this was
one thing that I've been wanting to do
for a very very long time if you guys
have any other cool ideas kind of like
this please let me know in the comments
and tell me actually a place that you've
always wanted to go it's probably a
sunflower field I know cuz it's such a
unique rare place to go and I honestly
didn't know those one in Florida so I
will see you guys tomorrow as always and
have a great night guys bye bye
you like it see the fence
yep at us
a little bit
