you want the real one oh the real one
yeah
there is some sort of crazy storm that's
going on not gonna plan over which I
need to say before it dies here I'm
gonna put this up here it's just right
ain't oh my god
the wind is just insane
spazz ready
hey Lola what the ball I give it to you
though I was like Zoe Max is like Marley
okay there you go
dang he's so fast
oh boy we have Ali's car but her battery
died so we had to get a jump and we get
a new battery then after that I'm gonna
go pick up Ali's ring and then she gets
to have it she's been wanting it all day
but I told her I can't go and get it
until after we get this taken care of so
then you guys it looks awesome from what
I remember seeing before we send it off
so it's been confirmed I need to get a
new alternator yeah we went to get the
battery tested this one's that I was
failing we went to another one this one
said it better was passable
well no basically what was happening
with your original one was saying that
there was something that was draining
the battery so then we obviously went to
the place where I bought the battery
went to of the there's you know multiple
shops but it was the same thing about
the alternator so now I gotta go drop a
couple hundred dollars to get a new
alternator does anyone know how to
install an alternator you don't want me
doing it is it weird that I kind of want
to learn how to do that where I go on
YouTube because like I've been thinking
about I don't know if you should one
thing that I love about my mom and about
his mom is that they're like very handy
women and they're the type of people
that are like you know I don't need
anybody to fix it I can do it myself and
I kind of feel like that's what I want
to do like I want to learn how to fix my
car I know how to change my oil I know
how to change a tire but I would love to
learn how to do other things because
even like when it comes like building
things in house and fixing things in the
house like tiling and all that jazz I
want to learn how to fix it because I
think it's good things to know jeez
alternator
yeah ya know
oh hi Mike get in the house
sure set the door before I go get Ally's
ring I just want to show you that those
petty Marley and if anyone's ever had a
hamster doesn't that look like have you
ever had a hamster and that hamster
tries to squeeze through all shoes once
that first focus eat your carrot you
know if when you have a hamster and
you're holding it and tries to squeeze
out or do something like that are going
to need like a door board it kind of
looks like this
that's what Marley looks like looks like
it's a it's a freaking hamster
yeah like hampster eyes I'm not even
holding our tight either that's just her
face
I'll be back gotta go get the ring
hopefully it's done got it
I think they're kind of knowing knew by
heart now I remember getting this one
over in Tennessee this is actually
perfect you always think every time I'm
trying to do some sneaky Zoey can see
house I mean I got those like beans so
it can t be about you something
where
which hand just really loving the camera
oh yeah you want it there you go
to be all fixed now you like the color
box got your new box I spent a lot of
money and time picking that out careful
with the wrapping or the the packaging I
should say I paid extra for the gift
wrapping I did make sure she doesn't see
it I think she wants to see it to pick
it up it onion oh shoot
there you go I think your hands today
look at the ruby in the jewel do you
like that the best part is when you're
bored you can eat it isn't that cool
you want the real one goat the real one
yeah
do you like it see the Fitz is it
yeah but I'm it's like Cinderella
to the fit I think she wants to eat the
other thing all right let's show
everybody honey ant
so we finally got it now that's a real
band I want to cry I do it all time so
now let's no longer at the temporary
band
they like it he'll love it it's
breathtaking whoo
diesel pooping looks like that sign on
everyone's yard you know that no pooping
no dog pooping diesel is that dog he
runs like the outskirts of the fence
before you can say really
he's like doesn't want to step in it I
don't want to step on it so keeping up
with the healthy vibe that Ali and I are
trying to do you guys remember when we
went and randomly bought tennis racquets
Ali just found a began so it might go
try to play tennis again or suck at
tennis so I gotta go find some tennis
balls all right you guys chill Zoe's in
charge since I still can't drive this is
my means of getting some tennis balls
it's always more fun anyway probably
faster to thing getting in a car and
going to traffic so I can go through all
the secret ways
what I'm not even paying attention I'd
find the ice-cream man alright it's your
man
we begin
that's actually really funny we don't
look for something you always find it I
think it's like a motto life for a lot
of things tennis balls tennis balls okay
don't get distracted three things again
I so distracted huzzah got everything I
needed and I only came back with a
citronella candle which is something
isn't it pulse by but you know the stand
mosquitos freaking drive me crazy so I
feel like I did pretty well
now let's go play some tennis all right
was the drone it's gonna be charged by
the time I get back so that we can do
some drone stuff I haven't actually done
anything with the drone since I broke it
months ago yes I know
I like to say the nature broken I didn't
break it I charged all the batteries for
the actual thing and I turn on the
remote and it's dead
yeah a drone we don't get our aerial
shots all right yeah you get up there
get up on top of that pole babe
maybe if we go over there they're good
at the top of the water time to do that
of course the good flies drone while we
play tennis
so I sacrificed the drone almost falling
to get those shots it was beeping the
entire time but I had to do it it was
worth it
oh that's why my phone was there worth
it
do you guys like that you guys want me
to do more drone stuff feel like I need
to that's part about playing tennis is
bringing the balls back to the dollars
right one two three
so I decided after a long day of well
that really a long day of playing tennis
but a day of working hard at working out
and trying the attempt was there guys
remember the attempt was there and we
put our effort forth and I hope it gave
you a laugh because we were really
terrible after our day of attempting to
play tennis I decided that I was gonna
go ahead and make a homemade pizza
charts out walking the dogs I think this
is about terrain and for those of you
who are following hockey go Lightning
mmm doesn't that look so good oh my god
all right guys thanks for watching
today's video and don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and
we'll see you tomorrow as always bye
guys she's right behind me isn't she
see you tomorrow sorry just zooming down
on your body these weren't the nice ones
were they
show the difference here go stand over
there that's what all this thing is
that's incredible
look little eggs
