Christmas at the lesson Berg's bright
Westerberg stop number one of many you
ready for all these stops nerds got the
gifts yeah throw it up towards that way
and bring it back there you go perfect
beautiful so close I don't have too much
red wine is this the fancy style you're
making out should my turn one vinegar
yeah yeah I didn't know I'm guessing so
we're all in the kitchen getting
everything together lots of yummy food
look grandma Google's in the half
it's just little crazy caprese sticks
yeah oh wow that was seductive what's up
I heard you just caught a fish how big
was it it was in my mouth Maddox there
yeah that works that works
all right nerd you'll have a competition
Maddox and I are gonna make a bull's eye
out of this we're gonna bet who does
better my bet his Maddox is really good
with aiming things obviously salt with
the fish ready who's gonna win you me or
no Drock you all right we're gonna stand
back a little bit we gotta go right here
you want to go over there behind the
tree call of duty style where I are see
where it went where was it Oh actually
we're through you got the good guy good
guy bull's-eyes what 50 yeah and then 20
oh yeah that's that's ten so you got ten
points
around 110 points Maddox nerd can go
second got this Aaron where is it you
got ten ten points for nerd to you know
go to go for the bullseye on this one
you want to do it you all you want to
operate the camera this is a real gun
this be bad idea yeah you don't want to
come to that close to your face if it's
a real gun we're gonna find out we all
get 10 points oh you guys know that's a
that's 20 points right that's 20 points
right there almost almost bull's eye
all right round two is your buddy yeah
you can do whatever you want to be
sniper get the sniper over here going
don't hit the hostage now you miss it go
for the the bad guy then how much is a
bad guy I'm say a hundred you saved the
world that's a good exactly here's the
hostage that's that's a lot of paperwork
that's a lot of paperwork to get him oh
shot his ear off but you got got him
right there like it says no ear shot is
your or anything
all right nerd see if you can save the
world I think I like all that call duty
been doing but I think the point of the
game Wow
all right I think we all will oh no
actually now I won't do it I want to do
it go now go wait Ali you're supposed to
stand yeah I think Ali's too tall al
maybe you can ride that with me there we
go
you know what that bike reminds me of
The Simpsons
you remember that like homers trying to
like do the little bike all you got to
do is just you got to get a running
start you're gonna jump that box
hey listen when you do it put your feet
in the back pegs
yeah yes right when you get to do it
just put your feeling bags
9/5 the be sharps 13 and he's out my
grandpa
look at sniffing I think this is
something I mean wrappings an exact
replica
okay trash by your tails I got a minute
hi Stella hey Pig come on buddy
all right ready thank you thanks begging
Zoe what do you want who's that we're
getting your food I'm making you a
little Christmas dinner oh that's right
Nick so Christmas Eve want this hmm
somebody was calling for you nerd rocky
no nerd rock both but more nice some
barbecue some barbecue like brisket you
know like a sandwich all right bye
you want to FaceTime hi Santa hi Merry
Christmas
Allie
I don't really know I don't want
anything I'm not sure mash potato wait
where is he look so there is he's in
Greenland right now yeah is in Greenland
which is now white because the Vikings
wanted to trick everyone and kill
everyone cuz they're awesome people
allegedly allegedly Ali a westenberg
Viking over there well since Santa
called us and we got to go to bed or we
got to watch die hard in the comments
right now I always have this argument
with people die hard is it a Christmas
movie or is it not a Christmas movie
debate now in the comments I say it's
Christmas what do you think's totally a
Christmas movie so we have three
Christmas movies over here and I know
somebody's going to counter it
untraditional but it is evil I have a
machine yeah exactly and then it's all
Christmas themed hope you guys had a
great day and we will see you tomorrow
on Christmas bye guys bye
