see most of us are thinking like this I
walk around like this they use your
mouth this was just like you up how many
vitamins we could stuff in our face
weekly it's afternoon doesn't matter
anyway guess what guys we want a
dinosaur world you know that place we
always drive by going to Orlando and we
sure they're always like we should go
there we're just gonna go which side
today we randomly go what listening
today that's a good motto alan i can't i
can't i'm yours to David goes Ali
doesn't like to do so she gets gummy but
I just feel like if you have the option
mindful TV show me time that's true so
I'm gonna read you guys a couple brief
reviews of the place we're going my
toddler loves it my four-year-old
absolutely adores this place my
five-year-old and six-year-old now this
is their favorite place on earth this is
where we're nothing
there is the director the director we're
seeing this way so we don't get sued why
why screaming sorry so far I've seen
children toddlers and infants come out
with us buildings it look happy though
Hey look extremely happy are these to
scale the bones if so that's pretty rad
we have lizards or something this big
would come up to you and you're like hey
kitty good kitty this is all tall allie
is saber-toothed fish how freaking
freaking see real like there's some
fossils how do you know I don't know I
mean like it's it seems like a priceless
artifact that they're just selling at a
gift shop that was real see what that
was that was a perfect example of living
her life through a viewfinder should
never look through a viewfinder and do
or attach like handle like really
priceless things the real teeth but they
do this where it's like n so it looks
fossilized oh oh I'll get a dancer at
all no can you imagine how funny would
that be even as baby t-rex is freaking
scary Oh
you're gonna like sounds back oh this
book guys it's just much okay
I think it's from futurama wasn't like
fry was riding a dinosaur in his
underwear
nervous what is there one just pops on
the dish I babe one mechanical one in
the entire park ah y'all euoplocephalus
you oppa supper
this time store was heavily armored
upper part of its body the nose to the
tail bony plates
supporting spice it's now
ended in the beak
look there's a dinosaur that we've seen
since the blogs in the beginning I've
seen that thing since I was a child
look you can see a little dinosaur right
there up in the distance gotta say this
is a very different place but it's
actually kind of cool it's really
tropical and you know I guess we're kids
it would feel like you're in that time
frame when dinosaurs were here and you
know room to the earth so I think that
that's kind of a cool little attributes
this place that's that really scary guy
from dress forgot spat out that nasty
stuff into Newman's eyes remember that
Newman was kind of an asshole to an
anemic kind of deserve it don't quote me
on that but he kind of did he did he was
trying to like he was he was trying to
smuggle dense rags what I've been told
that these are like not at la mia
obviously don't know how big they are
but like just from skeletal remains so
just imagine this is what
to deal with I'm laughing at the fact
that some people are scared of lizards
and geckos like Savannah just imagine
that lizard this is the early and
community somewhat like a salad man oh
okay
I'm getting eaten alive out there if you
were scared of alligators now that's
like a horror movie right there Moff saw
source that is I saw its first again
around somebody to have been 26 to 30 30
feet this is what everyone thought a lot
this monster was this giant ass thing
they're both pretty you why is that one
I have some eerie freaking fangs I like
me feel like you're in breast part
if they moved slightly it would be
pretty cool SARS just zooming out on
your butt these weren't the nice ones
were they
show the difference here go stand over
there that's one shell tall this thing
is that's incredible
look little legs there's dinosaur Oh Oh
luck is a human dinosaur I for being
born bro you know what I don't think we
need you God get back in that egg please
sir you're not the type of dinosaur we
want around here I don't know imagine is
coming out of that
is that an ally source it walked on its
hind legs of this texting some balance
powerful muscles on the heavy bands of
its legs any possible sales to move very
fast like on each of its short arms it
had hands with three fingers each with a
sharp claw this is what the old
Brachiosaurus is dead in florida there's
one around eating palm trees to be
completely honest too i thought this
would be a lot easier i actually really
like that I mean don't get me wrong it's
pretty damn cheesy but it's just
actually a nice walk would be so cool
for kids to learn this way I love it
what you doing yes what is that avi me
mas so they're like dinosaurs live there
a bird-like and they some scientists
decided that they should be classified
as a bird not a dinosaur interesting
that is frightening to most investors
they go like this about growing this is
your mouth this was just a call queue up
I saw was closely more closely rated
look related to birds and reptiles is
that the thing I believe so
so what we want about dinosaurs right
now a lot of things that I did not know
about dinosaurs and the discovery of
dinosaurs obviously I knew that you know
they were still you know finding remain
some things of that sort but not as
early as like the 1980s and things as
scary as what was over there that burns
like one fan freaky because you think
like you discovered everything yeah then
like 1980 like 2016 good priority
digging a hole can you imagine the day
that they does it because you know they
are they're going to discover a new
species of dinosaur yeah this is
supposed to the largest of the dinosaurs
so is this not to scale obviously
because he seems pretty small in
comparison to like the t-rex and the
bright the Brachiosaurus really one of
the last status Restless
huh Oh Lars
Park youssef alors there we go this guy
totally reminds us of the monster that
was in Cloverfield yeah doesn't it if
you guys have no idea what we're talking
about Cloverfield is that movie where
it's kind of like they're actually
blogging the entire experience
throughout the entire movie I love the
movie cuz it's like a vlog like if a
dinosaur a monster came it'd be me
vlogging exactly that's why I good me
and he definitely definitely looks like
the monster that's in that movie a much
smaller scale but definitely looks like
the monster what is this the skeleton
garden
hey creatures that that was a big
experiment so this is an ultra saurus
whole thing right there his legs was as
tall as those t-rex just to give you a
perspective shot feel like something
about this just zoom Silverhawks good
job
oh that guy got it follow woolly
mammoths didn't know if you guys knew
this I remember reading about it but I
didn't know about this far away at the
end this is where things go wrong
scientists think they're so fat they
don't want to do anything for throw
right on top of them these are like the
kangaroo when we were in Australia
they're like so fat you try to show food
in their mouths and they only want to do
it would you like that yeah don't move
or anything yeah I think they're a
little full not even exaggerating we
threw the map out thinking we would need
it and how we kind of turn around lost
I'm not even exaggerating we're
literally lost in dinosaur world
I honestly thought it was just to be
like this where it's just kind of like
dinosaurs and fields so set up the woods
that they had set out with all the trees
it's pretty cool think we're going to
try to make this a new thing try to go
into these brochures and finding a new
thing at least maybe once a month to go
check out IC airboat tours and I've
lived in Florida my entire life and I've
never been on their boat I think it'd be
kind of fun dinosaur world was honestly
very interesting I'm just happy we got
to go after all I mean I couldn't tell
you how many years I've driven past that
stupid thing I know you thought I for
well I was saying something about how
like every time that we go to Orlando we
drive past them always say something
about how we're gonna go there one day
and look at thursday afternoon middle to
make what if that he's up dinosaurs you
could finally say we did that tells us
on the screen i had clean the lens like
crazy i think this is under the land
we're doing the fun thing of looking at
cars right now because Ali is
considering selling or trading in her
car that she has now her fit and trying
to get her dream car and you know me I'm
I'm done both for doing those things
following your dreams so we're looking
for follow your dreams babe no I've
worked really hard like I have had
another car type it was the first car
that I on my own and I'm
want to trade my phone
so we're looking at some Jeeps the
hardtop jeeps so we're going to check
those out I've actually never driven one
of those I haven't driven in prior years
I actually only think I've driven the
BMW I think literally one time to publix
I've written in a bunch of times though
which is kind of better driving it
riding and kind of feel like riding is a
little bit better to know I have a
personal driver these are two doors I
want that's four doors right there
that's a soft-top you're right I see
where he's at like hell are you soft up
that's hard top what is this is that
harm that's the cool exactly the same
you know for all those mountains that we
have here in Georgia would you find ah
father alright Internet I just walking
the pups right now we're about to go
after that little cat and I just want to
say thank you so much for the love and
support and yesterday's video it wasn't
so much it was scared to talk about the
things I was talking about it was just I
guess the best way maybe just
uncomfortable my kind of showing that
side of myself I hope you enjoyed
today's dinosaur world adventure and I
will see you guys tomorrow always have a
great night I guess everyone has bad
days at work somebody like spilled
something on your keyboard trying to get
the word 0m traffic there's all these
types of things and it affects your work
or your day because of those situations
and it just so happens my my work is in
the eyes of depends of thousands of
people and it's just a different type
