today it's just it kind of was I
couldn't I couldn't hide it any longer
good morning Internet I just found out
that Ali band that broke that we
redesigned is that actually came in
early today this is actually not the
band that I got Ali is a temporary one
because they couldn't because they
screwed everything up so it came in
today so I'm gonna pick it up and
hopefully that'll get done in the next
day or two
we got everything figured out now it's
been kind of back and forth you know
trying to get everything which we found
out Ali's ring size is five and a
quarter so I want you guys all remember
that so when I say hey guys what's Ali's
ring size I can tweet that and you guys
are gonna remember it cuz I'm gonna
totally begin it I'm gonna tell every
get that they're gonna say oh boy this
drink your coffee I don't know I got no
like a little boost of happiness these
are so cool it doesn't really actually
kind of cool they look like the
Strangelove album do you guys know we
kind of had dilemmas with diesel Han
with Zoey
with them eating so much diesel
obviously has allergies I think that so
we has allergies
we've been on a hunt to find anything
that's gonna keep them from the change
she doesn't have fleas anything of that
sort so cool thing about this place is
it's more natural not necessarily
higher-end but it specializes in animals
that have issues I should say so this is
kind of a really cool place and we
actually found this really great shampoo
and a ton of a leaving conditioner for
them so we're gonna see if that works
and hopefully it does
all the dog beds cat Marley - totally go
on that but if you know what I get
serious like getting stuck in it so
should be like a snail this is funny
this is like that day we made Marley and
Zoey into pirates just floating along
you don't remember
well here's a flashback hi captain
the funniest part was that Zooey and
Marley both just wore that hat for the
rest of the day really they were a
pirate they were I made a pirate hat I
don't know why anyone want just a bag of
that stuff
your mama likes black licorice well I
kind of wanted to talk a little bit
because I was kind of racking my brain
and kind of going a little bit insane a
little bit and don't really know how to
begin this so I'll just start talking I
always feel like very vulnerable vault
and vulnerable vulnerable can I talk
about these kind of things that's why I
don't usually like to but today it's
just it kind of was I couldn't I
couldn't hide it any longer and I didn't
want to hide it because I feel like that
goes against the whole you know daily
vlogging of my whole life I don't want
to do that when I watch these videos
everyone has a bad day you know this is
just my job my job is to be on camera so
it's a little bit harder to be up have a
bad day in public it's hard for somebody
that lives your life online to kind of
make the best of it every single day
without it affecting you a little bit
because you don't want it to suck your
life up you know what I mean if that
makes any sense I think we've talked
about this on a panel once because like
I'm Charles Trippy you know what I mean
it's Who I am
and the vlogs that you see that's who I
am as well but you know I've also
pushing myself to do entertaining things
because I don't want to have a boring
day for people to watch because there's
always been like a motto or a law
unwritten law for me
that I don't want to ever make a video
that I myself would not want to watch
just like making music I don't want to
make music that myself I wouldn't want
to listen to it's kind of like a rule of
thumb for me and it come becomes a
catch-22 if you're having a bad day you
know you have to push through that day
to make a video but at the same time
you're getting stressed out because
you're making a video that you don't
think you're gonna want to watch and it
becomes this thing where I just I love
making these things and it just gets
hard and I get afraid I think sometimes
to talk about it online and I think
sometimes I just get a little bit afraid
of opening up that side of myself
because it's a very personal thing I've
showed I mean I've literally showed a
lot of things on the internet and for
some reason I have a hard time really
putting online the the real
vulnerability that I have because I feel
like I can push through it you know I'm
stronger than that or whatever you know
something's stupid in my head but
sometimes I just I have these little
breakdowns like not to say that I'm
having a mental breakdown but just like
these little stressful breakdowns
because think of think at work you know
like everyone has bad days at work
somebody like spills something on your
keyboard trying to get to work you know
you have traffic there's all these types
of things and it affects your work or
your day because of those situations and
it just so happens my my work is in the
eyes of the tens of thousands of people
and it's just a different type of work
it's just his life my work is living my
life to the point to where it's
entertaining and healthy
and fulfilling just living my life and
that's what the beauty about YouTube is
the vlogs in general is that vlogs are
life and I know I've had this
conversation before like some days are
just not me punching a shark which by
the way one day I will get to punch a
shark in the face and it won't be a baby
shark it will be a shark that's coming
at me and I'm gonna punch him in the
face
starts to see this is what I do honestly
that's exactly what I do I started
talking about something serious and I
make a joke about it and that's my
defense mechanism that was a perfect
example right there actually he alley
she always points that out like what I'm
talking about something serious like
think about all the brain surgery stuff
like I'm having brain surgery and I make
jokes in the middle and I think that's
just my defense mechanism of dealing
with things
and I just kind of wanted to just to be
completely honest about my bad day
because I don't want to lie I don't want
to hide it because I know I have a very
expressive face when I'm having a bad
day people know I'm having a bad day but
on a really positive note Ally's ring is
going to be done we're gonna get it
tomorrow so that takes my bad day and
makes an amazing day so see that's the
thing is too you can't let bad things
affect your entire outlook because like
I was saying I had a bad day starting
the day and then as you you know you
continue the day good things might
happen to where I could change your
outlook you might just be hungry you
might be grumpy a lot of the times that
happens to be - I'll be like really in a
bad mood and I'll just eat something and
I'll feel completely go away
today was combination of being hungry
then we got Ali's ring kind of in a
situation where it gonna be fixed
tomorrow so that made me super happy and
then for some reason I got stressed out
about something stupid and then it kind
of put me in a cranky mood again and now
I'm out here just venting so I just kind
of wanted to kind of talk where I was
kind of coming from today because these
are Diaries of my life for myself down
the road where I get to look back and
kind of see
kind of things as well as cool videos to
put on the Internet be good so I don't
want to lie to myself when I look back
on these videos so I look back on day
whatever day this is which is insane
that that's that's the other thing I
think it stresses me out a little bit
it's coming up with a title and a
thumbnail every single day because I
mean after eight years it's hard to come
up with a new title on a new thumbnail
every single day because it's like The
Simpsons did it kind of syndrome where
you've done it so long you've done so
many things it's hard to think of
something new that you haven't done
because you don't want to do the same
thing as far as like you know being a
creator and I think that's something
that I strive and I put too much
pressure on myself to find that little
PNG file to upload and that little brief
blurb of words and I think that's kind
of like what stresses me out most of all
I want you guys to know I love doing
these videos and the reason why I kind
of feel scared to talk about these
things that I don't want you guys to
think otherwise that I don't like doing
these videos or anything like that or
that I'm gonna stop or do anything like
that cuz I'm not stopping
I don't hate doing these videos it's
just sometimes work sucks and I just so
happen to have a very amazing job that's
different than a lot of other jobs but
sometimes things suck inside them like
there's always a little bit of
negativity or suckage and anything that
you want to do even if it's your dream
which is this is my I'm literally living
my dream and I love it so much but our
little things that stress me out and
make me a little bit scared especially
talking publicly about it it's
definitely my fault that's definitely my
fault I feel like I lose myself a little
bit if I'm not talking about it and
being public about it because that's
what this is and if I don't talk about
it
I lose a little bit of our self a little
bit of Charles we had on a panel at
playlist was do you feel that you will
lose yourself and a character that you
are online so it's Charles Trippy right
here then there's Charles Trippy online
which to me is the same I'm the same
person but at the same time there's
Charles Trippy me who just wants to sit
here on this couch and just watch you
know the birds go by then there's the
other Charles Trippy who wants to make
these videos go out do some crazy things
jump off a building jump off a plane
we've done some pretty insane things so
there's that Charles and I don't want to
ever feel like I'm gonna lose the other
trolls and I feel like a lot of vloggers
have that dilemma it's it's hard where
you kind of lose yourself in yourself I
don't know
that made sense at all I just mainly
want you guys to know that I'm not I
hope you guys don't take this as me
complaining or anything like that I
think that's where I get really scared
about talking about things is that I
don't ever want you guys to think I'm
complaining about things I'm just trying
to vent I guess and you guys are cheap
therapy I'm gonna do this more often
because I actually feel really really
good now that's for doing that and now I
gotta go save a life from all the
mosquitoes alright so not gonna let the
day continue to suck that's the dirty
side the clean side I'm sure you can see
the difference the mosquitos are helping
alright leave us shiny looks it looks
like it's brand new
so this hot stuff over here decided to
take me out on a date yeah
can't like dinner and everything is so
beautiful
once you guys think it's me that's the
immature one Ally's her own favorite
like fan the biggest fan I might just
want to say thank you so much for
allowing me to basically vent earlier
just get things off my chest I actually
feel a ton better after doing that
unfortunately after I did film that I
did see my very close friends Jesse and
Jeana posted their video about them
separating and I just honestly want to
urge anyone out there watching my videos
watching their videos to just please
respect the space that they requested
because separating is never it's never
an easy thing to do let alone in the
public eye and my heart goes out to them
and I just really urge everyone to
please respect anything they request and
on that note I do want to say thank you
so much for watching today's video
and I will see you guys tomorrow is
always good night guys
probably helping are you thinking that
you're gonna cut your
