I'm trying to get back into my healthy
morning ritual where I was drinking like
a smoothie every single day at least
once a day
so this one's got bananas blueberries
strawberries spinach avocado
I think that's it Oh Greek yogurt I was
doing really well and then you know tour
came around and I kind of sucked again
so it looks pretty good I think today's
gonna be the day we'll start I'm gonna
start running again I'm gonna start just
getting healthy again
and walk towards coming up and as you
guys know every time we do a walk tour I
had get in the best shape of my life
because all you could do is drink water
workout and walk around in the Sun so
I'm looking forward to that I don't want
to say that I thought it was snow but it
kind of made me second-guess what was
going on all this cotton look at that so
I'll show it to you I guess since we
haven't lived here that long I haven't
really gotten to see this yet don't
really know what this is from
but it's so soft it's incredibly soft
looks like it's snowing see so more
distractions I feel like I can always
find something distract me from running
it's like oh wait I gotta do this I
gotta film this no Jose you got to run
look I see I stopped right there to
start filming I guess you just spotted
me all right feel it
Wow isn't incredibly soft I think it's
that tree right there yeah looks like
it's snowing it's so cool do you want to
see it you don't eat it dummy dummy
I actually just got back to the house I
went to my mom's house to go pick up
diesel and today I believe what we're
gonna do is sorry I don't know why I
can't still figure out these lights
we're gonna actually finish these kids
and stuff up I think we're gonna do the
side table too for the room cuz I still
have no side table on my side which
would make sense right a side table
you look so nuts look you just get a
close up here when Travis like I got to
give everyone a close-up of this hair
that's going on here I can't even
explain what you look like right now it
looks a little frightening oh it's
pretty terrifying yeah it's a little
frightening honey it's cuz I just went
that picked up a freaking landmine if it
is he's like I'm really hot going for a
run with my dad and now I'm like so
tired I'm just gonna lay on this floor
and lick it see these little guys okay
so I went running like by this church
that's kind of relatively close to her
house and I ran through their grass and
I had him all over the top of my shoe
diesel you got one right in the middle
you before I come here bud come here see
you don't have too bad oh come here oh
stop it is this your version of a
breakdance bed
get off that bed you little turd that's
precisely why we got darker bedding
there arrow says that way which way is
the front this is why I'm so confused
because we've got so many amazing things
and if we get defeated by a tiny little
nightstand
it's gonna be pathetic okay there goes
we did it
these are you did great d I'm like
really impressed with your skills all
there today it's been me waiting for
people didn't waiting for the lawn guy
then the sprinkler guy and then the
light guy I need to learn how to do all
this stuff so I have to do this anymore
finally trying to get rid of this damn
box
Ali moved the golf cart sir we're not
going anywhere it's gonna rain as dumb
as it sounds
sprinkler systems working
that tell us this day that's just good
news we're gonna say dumb as it sounds
it honestly really pains me to take some
stupid rocks down as a child growing up
I've never had a box that's freaking
awesome
you always use those crap
probably be helping are you thinking
that you're gonna cut your whole way
through this box I need if I saw these
ridiculous of this sounds it's actually
really think so if you look at how thick
babies what I love you do how thick this
box actually is I can understand why
you're having a bit of a trouble here my
friend
give me a girl do it just do it real
good girl do it look at me no you gotta
be convincing come on we can think that
and it's complete the box is gone the
box is gone
Oh kind of gone it I think you gave me
you get back right you're sneaking you
know that you really are they're
probably gonna save us because uh could
be a pain in the episode oh my god that
was a workout exhausted but we have
floors back that's the dining room table
in case you guys were wondering that
didn't go away it was just sitting by
the box
Joey always terrified it's like raining
it's storming put the sex she comes
outside pull with it on an office take
four of trying to do this office like
once we get it we redo it one of these
days we'll have it taken care of
Marley's not dealing with the Box
situation and the Thunder situation
let's just take one second and see if
you can spot the Marlin Jesus going in
the trash top everything else off trying
to do all this stuff Zoe's hair standing
on edge Diesel's being a doofus marlis
freaked out because the stupid thunder
right now it keeps like hitting like the
thunder doesn't keep hitting the
lightning keeps hitting randomly is that
like you see lightning then you count
like one Mississippi two Mississippi and
then you hear it and that's how many
miles roughly like the the storm is if
you didn't know that now you know
actually enough for you guys more you
know because I don't know much
he's the first time we've actually been
working with glass do you guys remember
like was it last week where I was like
smashing a bass through glass so I'm
getting this kind of flashback right now
wanting to do it totally here's my bass
I could totally do if I want to
but the funniest part about the
situation is Marley squashed in the side
but it's cool I like it a lot
let's fill it up simple pink when I
first moved in we were just like getting
everything on the wall so it doesn't
break but I think what we're going to
try to do is to was it kiss keep it
simple stupid
I thought I'd go that that's gonna be
our new bottom Wow I don't think I've
ever heard nobody yeah keep it simple
stupid
nope maybe not me so obviously cleaning
things up and we've drawn something
don't worry dude run - what'd you have
for dinner tacos I have to pretty much
take care of Marlene Zoey right now
because it's Thunder and all that fun
stuff anyway I hope you enjoyed today's
video don't forget to subscribe as a
brand new I have a good night
say good night just imagine if she could
actually wave how cool would that
freaking be if a dog could wave yeah I
know right
alright guys say cheese
don't eat the camera in this way guy oh
yeah how would you describe it
how others made out animal skin you have
very thin wet love
