you don't fight him
I feet have annoyed so nerd rocky and
Charles went to the zoo today and I am
stuck at home doing work but you gotta
do what you gotta do I will say this
however I am a little bit disappointed
because I love to do and I would have
left I've gone I would have wanted to
see the orangutan and the gorillas and I
want to see giraffes I'm not sure if
they have dresser but I think that they
have drafts out that zoo but I wanted to
see rhinos and I want to see
Tigers team all so we decided to go to
the zoo today nerd this what I think one
of the lines are the Tigers got free
look at that bright nature what's an
Appaloosa you're like Marley just
distracted like Marley - they're
definitely not threatening with a narrow
snout I'm still kind of terrified of
them
sure is exhausting hey Ken up Kenny
what's he gonna do are you dancing put
your little music on there for you buddy
that's more funner than that
Kenny you're rocking it but currently in
Asia right now Asia within Florida ever
getting a little tour around the Lowry
Park Zoo it's kind of cool I haven't
been here since I was and probably my
sophomore year in college I think it's
changed a lot it's really nice that big
fans is like normally because the
enclosures but this was like really wide
open and everything I can dig it it was
a tiny little baby those red heads just
in case you were confused we're in
Florida and what what island is that for
now gorneo Borneo there we go
I should have just read what happens
when you don't read it read kids learn
how to read
where you going bro look at that bounce
up you did it well I'll be
there's a wall of you oh I was waiting
since we left Australia to say that joke
cuz I was like oh that would have been a
funny joke to actually say that's pretty
clean you like that I think these little
kids is it like enjoy it - it's little
camera-shy aren't you oh there is sub
rock oh there's a dangly thing take the
Cameron vlog for me eyelashes those
eyelashes are pretty crazy yeah buddy
dope to go it's nobody's coming back
it's coming back oh you want to be on
camera
alright their cuts pretty sweet you're
good you're cleaning well tastes good
thanks for cleaning the lens and just
like that we're in Africa in Jurassic
Park according to that hot isn't it
there's some goat goo on this don't
worry buddy you'll get there take your
time right so that's a baby of these
guys I think it's huge its massive
bumper stickers it's got numbers on the
back it's got some racecars numbers this
in case it goes by too fast all right
slow down you're gonna break something
wait this is the one that was inspired
by ETS head and they said this one so
apparently it's a zoo myth that this guy
is the inspiration for et's face and you
can see kind of what their face looks
like I could see that say cheese
don't eat the camera though that feels
weird how old is Big Al he's 44 holy cow
so you can you almost retired but guys
can get a lot older than that I think
what a way to describe what his neck
feels like cowboy boot yeah well leather
is made out of animal skin you know this
is kind of yeah very thin wet leather I
would say yeah they like being petted
and scratched well if you didn't need to
suck his head into his shell or he start
walking away from us and it's true yes
say he enjoys it a nice neck massage
always is pretty good right yeah I guess
can't say none of that how long do they
live - the oldest ever was 255 Wow hey
so the tourists must have seen a lot of
hey you want to hang out hey touch you
well you're a lot harder yeah a little
floppy skin there bud no that's that's a
bracelet
it's just bracelets that's my hand
please don't eat it oh that's just my
hand don't need my hand what he's going
to eat me don't try to give me
are you hungry scooter scooter try not
to eat me now okay this is the oldest
one yeah Bruce Hey Bruce right hey
giraffe how's the weather up there I got
so many dad jokes today
yeah you're a star it's black I learned
that from solutely shorts oh my god
those a great show what an amazing show
melody or Melanie Mel Melanie been out
Ben Stiller's now wife if you've never
seen slew your shorts
I thought melody was in hey dude hey
dude I'm sorry I mean they were both
back to back they're back to back in ray
well most summer camp the other one was
branch branch
yeah ranch camp is out senator who was
hotter melody or the pink Power Ranger
we are getting or Alex Mack all right
pink Power Ranger I would have to say
Alex Mack Seahawks mag in the comments
right now who was hotter pink Power
Ranger or Alex Mack or now any firm hey
dude
Murdock was just saying that this is the
result of a giant animal orgy we got a
hyena face a zebra but we got like a pig
face kind of thing too horse body drop
draft neck
branches like great on me hi guy
was trying to get nerd blue-raspberry
yeah the blue the blue flavor yeah I
went with the pink flavor well as a kid
blue used to be the coconut flavor
really I've never murdered being coke
coke that I remember the white though
wait why flavor do you remember when
Gatorade first had the clear when a
clear one came out with lemon I didn't
like it either but I remember my brain
exploding kind of looking crisp Crystal
Pepsi came out oh yeah my brain exploded
you guys remember that in the 90s I've
been a lot of Pepsi that was clear and
it broke the internet before the
internet exploded before the internet
was the Internet and to think all these
stones are from France
Pepe LePew
hi guys what's the craziest freakiest
animals ever
all right so these called manatees which
is pretty much why are cities called
Manatee County says these weird little
things all big things that is not the
friendly trailer playing with rock what
do you call snakes
these are diamondback milk ropes and
they're like likes to call snakes nope
ropes way these are Diamondbacks yeah Oh
is he only a bit like one of these
little Rattlers those Rattlers down
there in the back and that's not mine
I'm no probe I don't know group or
bleach-blond no it's a surfer no probe
back there it's kind of terrifying that
everything in here could kill you if it
got out he quickly too and Christina
just pointed out this right here IV
would see that if I wasn't that if you
didn't point that out
these are the Box girls right you
remember in the early like we date one
or two of the blonde Marlene Zoey found
one of these that's freedom and Walker
Texas Ranger yeah always Walker there's
I don't know it's nice to loot these
guys or what
like that with the cleanup spot and I'm
sorry Bobby's gonna give and then
they're gonna come and grab it for heals
didn't feel like
give it up here you go
turned and an Indonesian
oh that's the weirdest thing in the
world I was weird you know you want some
Oh a super slimy
look at that just give me back coming
back from work
and again
place your own weight
now we're in Jurassic Park hey bird look
at that nerd I'm not bringing it to you
this is it I think this is room service
here you go
you wanna go up to look at this dress oh
it's a new more Disney song then I need
you right now I think kind of annoyed
can I have some please oh there they go
go for it just go for it
that one's being a dick you've been
straight up dick how do I call you Paul
and you're Roger do they have names I
can't remember right sometimes children
draw the most strange things in the
comments I want you guys to tell me what
you think this is
wow that's impressive
they coming home to that right come here
going into the bedroom
I don't I tried to just be sexy right
there and it wasn't sexy so I know you
guys know this we've been having these
dilemmas with what's put on the bed
because Charles like Stark I wanted like
Alice my bum and I found something that
I really like so I'm gonna go put it on
the bed and we'll be back not finished
but definitely a start like it a lot I
obviously got a got to figure something
out up there I don't know if I want this
but I actually really do like the bed
set it looks really cool and at least
nothing's gonna show on there because
the dogs always get up even if we don't
want them there I hope you enjoyed
today's video at the zoo yeah I got a
test by birds I kind of tacked my Birds
don't kiss your camera get a go kiss my
camera go kiss the camera I hung out
with the tortoise with the bird I bought
an attack by the very I know we're doing
alliteration I know I hope you enjoyed
today's video
nerd rock is actually unfortunately
leaving tomorrow morning so we don't
have any more dirt rock but at any rate
don't forget to subscribe because a
brand new and we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always good night guys bye
baby song is why we're here so we gotta
come again
I thought to be a fun where they tell us
yes every fun with it that you do
surprise
is it actually comfortable
