sinking into the couch stinking hey it's
been frustrating me cuz i've been having
decided shutting this door because it
just annoys me remember all that time we
spent kind of organizing the office and
then that stupid thing collapsed and we
kind of just gave up can I want to not
give up and kind of go back and revisit
this because it's been driving me crazy
i hate editing like in the kitchen
leaving everything in the kitchen and
then having this like a disaster like
cluttered I don't like the hate clutter
I was got to get a new passport photo
that way like a yo we the kings go back
on tour like overseas we can do that
because like Ali almost didn't get over
to Australia because her passport was
going to expire like in a month or
something like that they were going to
try to pull some crap so if you can just
imagine how crazy nervous I was when
ally said she couldn't get on the plane
and then she had to have a visa and her
passport wouldn't let her it on the
plane I knew it was gonna go I knew what
I was doing everyone else in the band
knew I was doing so you can imagine how
freaked out i was getting two things we
just realized one Ali's ring guard fell
off actually get this monstrosity of a
thing going on yes mostly I feel like I
can't like like if somebody would mess
with me he's punch on there's nothing
else if you're brand-new the engagement
ring well welcome first off the word
engagement ring that I got a Lee broke
cuz when they resize it it snapped I
feel like it we called like the
engagement ring chronicles could be you
know we had them order a new band we got
the diamond for it but that new band
court and it won't be here until June so
Ali had a juicy balls Ali a ring guard
so it wouldn't slip around so right now
she has that thing and then I also
realized her foot was a little wet he's
bleeding I'm bleeding all over the place
he's a bleeder tar what did you do
that's the deed of trust me my what you
don't passport for them fine you know
what
I will wanna see something funny what I
psych us on your foot would you learn a
wrestling move I did stop honey after oh
you don't matter touch of girls do you
know what in public I'm gonna flick here
Oh Turles ill seriously nope smile or
don't smile I can't remember yeah
whatever got the new passport photo I
just get a little awkward when I take
photos if I had to be like Posey for it
I feel like Charles drives me nice um
but anyways I always feel like when I
had to take like um Posey photos and
like look awkward I think you're
beautiful either way Wow Thank You
Charles I feel like a jerk they're good
I don't really like him at all Hey look
there all right I don't really like him
I feel like I like one of my eyes it's
like this turn out like honestly before
he goes on tour which is super soon we
are trying to get a house in order what
should we say this I feel like I say
this to you guys every other week but
seriously one little gum really fine so
let's go to ikea what is in the water
okay let's see
maybe a bunch of fisheries yeah there's
fish little whale away / will can you
imagine there was a whale just like
right here like we went all the way to
Alaska way too hot we went all the way
to Alaska we barely looks yet yeah oh
that I think there's a fish I think it
might be just a school of fish I running
another fish it's pretty crazy it's like
going to a theme park I love it like I'm
actually getting to old man says I can't
believe I listened to me a bit like this
wears it like I didn't do it anymore
voices kak-to she had my things up to
like thursday strife you know for first
last because they were just friends of
ours back in the day and thrice exactly
perfect example for ice have to drive in
it looks growing out right here and good
riddance definitely am I although games
I've been here in a while we finally
finished that corner babe should we tell
them is why we're here so we gotta come
we get
I thought to be a fun way to tell him
yeah I'd be fun way to tell you to
surprise oh is it actually comfortable
oh that's nice we made a mistake with
that other couch really this would have
been a tree big hindsight is always
twenty-twenty guys I know you're joking
but that's how you so I'd like that too
oh yeah I try this one's grey oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah seeking his lookout
stinking what was that show abnett show
that was at little monsters we not sank
into couch little monsters were the
underneath the bed and a table in the
bed guys remember those Fred Savage what
I've been looking for couches hook
she'll say yes we gotta focus focus
focus babe focus no you gotta focus look
at me okay focus Nick this is the one
that kind of looks like a collapse on my
head so we might want to avoid this one
this more here
this was Billy he trusted man named
Billy don't worry oh these are kind of
nice they're new to exact one and on the
other side in bra
is it oh they are all right so this is
the section where we're supposed to be
today do you want blue or you want green
you know what I would do anyone I'm
sorry but this is please freaking rock
it's like a giant emoji I just has were
saying that I think I like our kid is
gonna have like everything that I want
to play in like so like yeah all the
toys like you're gonna look for me I'm
gonna be in one of these castles or
something food out there that owl like a
big baby pig it's gonna baby pigs three
baby pigs this one what we did these
things guys get this thing done and done
impulsive buys a broccoli did you made
it that's creepy oh that's creepy this
is creepy too I love it Ali's favorite
spot and I hate the spot so much because
we spend like 20 minutes and she's like
oh do I want this one don't want this
one maybe this one and then we leave
with nothing thankful see it's it's
starting it's starting it's cool no it's
cool so is that all the other ones so
all right I'm gonna give you a question
okay I'm gonna need an answer all right
this one that's fun
the blue blue yeah I like the boo-boo
better internet what do you think this
one or which one was it I like that one
this one right here I feel like this is
too old for us guess what it doesn't
matter because we're hiking either one
of them told you well you know I kind of
wish you would we get dialogue you know
look at this is a beta fish and then you
got your eyeball stuff in the cats oh my
god what if this is our dish where ya
blue eyes there you go when I put your
eyes against blue your eyes turn green
that's weird if we literally leave the
store with three stuffed animals I'm
gonna be a little annoying so I was
thinking maybe get something like this
and then painting something up all the
countries and cities that I've ever gone
to I think that'd be kind of cool they
think about those and actually pretty
filled up which is amazing to think
about unbelievable i should say i think
about I thought that was Ali we've
actually made some decisions we're going
to eliminate bookshelves all together we
got this really cool
and we found this actually a really cool
like kind of retro thing that we're
going to put in there I think what we're
going to do is we're going to kind of
have this very cool modern retro kind of
as weird as a bounce modern / retro vibe
thank you hmm now we're just going to
find the stuff
find it good good you want me to help
you actually everything else this is
this is always on the top please oh no
sign
make sure the right thing no not at all
the truth you got it
you look at you i love ikea Susie ram
he's your man we wanted to go and just
kind of watch the sunset even though we
kind of lost it now by the water this
was so nice out and Ally stole my ice
cream mmm I didn't see ice cream I still
your hot fudge let me see that beautiful
face mm-hmm I need to hide my old face I
mean we all gonna need her King soon
come on go look at this giant bathroom
out here go do it so as you guys saw at
ikea we got three little piggies and
this is not here so we'll give diesel
the gray one but here's the thing i want
to trick I'm gonna trick Zoey big time
please found an awesome stick out there
for so I don't know which one she's
gonna go for you girls gonna pay for the
biggie oh well then you drop it all
right so here's the thing here's a big
deal which one you go for you that's the
same thing i just gave you your my look
my man okay
she the other thing looks this is
awesome which one you want which one
which one just like my right hand you
want the stick mean we're doing do you
want girl just one Zoey are you want
this you want the page she wants the pig
I was wrong thanks up get bread back
what the steak what we all know you like
strawberries so I froze some
strawberries there you go frozen
strawberry won't try it frozen
strawberry there you go so dainty takes
it away
maybe know we're over him
hey placeholder
