good morning Internet cuz we're gonna
start today huh
every time I wake up and I put pants on
they think it's ready to party time good
right hook their Mahr i meanso I mean
dog
I mean whoever you are it's the last
night for dinner I had french toast and
for this afternoon
/ morning I'm having pancakes that's
every single time they go for the salads
I got a spicy Brazilian Bowl
my whole team yeah they look like salads
I go to the beach oh my god Miley take
it down buddy we're back
what's your best pseudo c-span attention
yeah she just said a dog barked didn't
she
at one point so he's also my mom so he's
gonna be but we're gonna get him
tomorrow
what is his noise like comes out of her
it's funny the more you listen to mommy
you think she's talking to you I think
that means I'm just losing my mind I
just realized that pally and I never had
this thing open
ever God we actually had it but look
good dogs you always like the side
windows hot Marley so we need to bring
diesel with them maybe during the week
yeah I'm wearing diesel next time
Oh Zoe she's rating the phrasing of bed
little come on come on you got this
just are you gonna be all day there goes
Marley is this where you gonna be
yep that new bathing suit
$40 5 10 15 $12 Ali's the bargain
shopper if you guys have not figured it
out
so these two are having like the time of
their lives out in the water where LOI
is definitely being a girl she's like
and I'm just gonna want this page and
I'm gonna bark at every single dog that
walks by right now
horse I know it's actually really really
far Marley has a
that's awesome
Marley you know what that is I don't
care either okay no actually I feel like
this is the time frame where you're
gonna find a lot of them this is the
biggest one I think we've ever found
that's really pretty
so live so put it back under the water
they're like starfish you can feel them
moving on my hand so cool these are the
biggest one I've ever found where they
call silver dollars yeah this is silver
$5.00
oh those guys okay she's so curious
though what's y'all parking guy although
being an ocean scares a couple before
Marley actually comes out and saving
Marley come on
so I think Marley's getting a little
lost out in the water oh look at my
entire life but I never find the smell
you say goes like a $9 huh come on mark
so he's like screw you
really wrong direction I really like
literally right here I feel them
everywhere
no he does not want to do this hey
Marley yeah crash Marley that's at Larry
blue Avenue you get to find a silver
dollar here's one
so the pups wipe you out I'm exhausted
now I don't think we've had a
traditional dog vlog in a while they
know are we gonna have a dog vlog it's
gonna be a dog blog day in a while it's
always over there sulking for this
Tiffani word philosophy who don't know
that's bad are you one of that very back
she's like nope I'm digging I'm digging
get me out of this look what he did
God please nobody get me out
that's like right in the divot of your
neck - in the divot of the neck - well
isn't it like Tom was it Top Gun
hotshots those hotshots when they go
like bounce it up
do over
it's impossible gotta get this at least
once Google get it into her out sees it
suck at this maybe nowhere overhand Hey
please holder
getting closer though Betty
Marley's being a big crabapple
really she was like shivering so bad and
I had to walk up a ball first had to
wrapped up like a burrito then she laid
down she kind of like got stuck so it
like tightened around her this is all
chill minding the body so oh well guys
it definitely turned out to be a
beautiful day
and I'm glad that we came to the dog
beach because I don't know it's been
really nice we haven't been here in so
long I think the last time that we
actually came here so it rained right
yes months so I was like running and I
remember it rained and we were trying to
water water we were trying to wash the
girls and it started kind of raised a
little bit scary Thunder right yeah was
it definitely a scary thunder and we had
do we have diesel at that time I think
so yeah we danced random yeah um so that
was the last time that we actually came
here I'm not sure what vlog that was but
you can go check that out too so it was
nice to come back and God see how busy
it is Marley made friends at first and
then she was like screw this I have wait
with many friends and hope they're all
over this he just found the beach so
today it was definitely awesome we
actually met this couple that drove down
from Kentucky and they had their
beautiful I'm not even quite sure what
the breed of dog was I think charnot's
my glutes are falling and they were
asking us all these questions instead of
dog fur in the area and that was the one
thing that we were really kind of
excited to tell him is that st. Pete is
a super super dog friendly area best
runs
looks like they're holding hands now
where the two best friends that anyone
can have so taking a shower and I look
down and I found this look at this
little guy I found a little baby lizard
oh poor baby dinosaur if you wish that's
a baby kick goal anyway so I saved a
little lizard I was in my shower and
he's going to save you 15% or more on
car insurance yeah he's a peeping tom
though he's a peeping lizard yes oh here
you go little buddy see out of the house
okay you'll live longer
so Ally and I are gonna try to treat
everyone to a nice little dinner how
many more days you hear no more days
right
I like Tuesday so couple more days so
we're treating the nerd rock and
Chrissie to a nice little dinner we want
to do kind of like a I want to say
cookout but it's not really a cookout I
guess it technically by definition is
cuz it's on a grill
we're just grilling man we're just
grilling grilling and chilling it works
like a talk he to my heart potato salad
I love the punk rock wall sounds like
they've taken a dog when you come and
stay with Allie myself we treat you
right happy birthday to you there's 30
candle
there's more like you know a but still
everything thank you your birthday nerd
rocks I'll give you one candle I figure
that wasn't enough fun you got a lot of
fun this is amazing
Internet hope you enjoyed today's video
it was nice to actually have a dog blog
you know we don't get to do those every
once a while I'm just walking around
from to the potato it looks like I have
a third food with a nipple oh my god -
nerd I've ever seen one like my name is
the triple nipple would it look so
anyway hope you enjoyed today's video
don't forget to subscribe and I will see
you guys as always tomorrow
bye guys
I feel like I'm participating here
that's smart
eight to four
yeah
