alright so we were on the plane all
ready to go home like took forever to
pull back out of the you know the gate
we SAT there for like 30 or 40 minutes
and then they said the plane is broken
where are we good morning Internet we
are on our way back Michael's driving us
we kind of got lost a little bit you
know good little google maps and Cirie
maps or Apple maps where you are cause
took us in the beautiful countryside so
we're kind of enjoying that Michael's
still wearing the badass sure he got at
the convenience store or the souvenir
shop Marilyn and they well in New York
so who's also good morning america
yesterday anyone make sure to take some
screenshots and send it back to Ally
ourselves okay we have to keep going
this way you're right so I have to focus
so we don't get lost we miss our plane
I feel like we're the only ones flying
today so I thought however you want
but I guess who
completely around
i told alli he on the other side is
jesse that brother fantasy oh yeah i was
hanging out you know about to get out of
play yeah gilera for everybody's gonna
witness feels like two people go through
here right that's right do I know it was
probably get my
because I played for the most unsafe
whatever I'd all right all the orange
shake your balls but my
so you here CJ seat ride to kick his ass
yeah yes good what to do it I was like a
little kid can ease
you think you got enough
alright so we were on the plane all
ready to go home and then they had to
pull back like took forever to pull back
out of the you know the gate then he
pulled back and then we SAT there for
like 30 or 40 minutes and then they said
the planes broken which I'm so happy
they didn't you know sort of flying
because I'd rather not fly then be
flying on a broad complain anyway so we
miss reconnecting swipe and I look over
here from this airlines flying directly
st. Petersburg but they were boarding
the second got out so Michaels over
there Jesse's over think their
connections are a little bit better than
ours who I was so tight they just wish
we got on that plane went directly home
then we would have lost their bag at one
time we decided to check our bags a new
carrier it's just one of those days hey
oh it's gonna transfer on this one but
one over there we would have just
forfeit in her bag
it'll all get reconnected don't connect
it all go connect the dots I say that in
hopes that if Akane that's what
yes knock on wood wait that's steel
looks woody palace which are gears from
flying because I wanted to ask you guys
because I thought it was the funniest
thing yesterday you guys didn't know
Instagram chains her logo and I feel
like the internet just exploded
yesterday did you see the new logo yeah
I just think though I actually got a
like it's like a little look Sam it was
a grand modalities
that's true I am kind of like trying to
figure out okay you're used to what it
looks like so you walk into it blindly
and then this is what it looks like now
like I did it's cool so this is what it
looks like now right there see I kind of
like it so I want you to tell me in the
comments right now it'd be like the new
Instagram logo or the old one or you
just don't care salar actually freaking
out over anymore genuinely angry i
thought it was the funniest thing
getting me like headline news like I
turned on like CNN at CNN and and and it
was on there like those actual news news
our world instant news all right on his
plans go home all these poor people
waiting we're all Angry we've all missed
our connecting flights were all kind of
getting take
guys are my snapshot yeah my snapchat
now try this again takes you on a little
golf cart go kart looking plans ready to
go again Jesse Duke Andrew take to take
two
we've been on the tarmac is their second
plane right now and I don't know what I
mean I apparently that this point I
promise
we missed our third play he's missing
his life brother he said he's missing
his flight we're all missing our place
and the bet the worst part about the
thing is I have so much that we're
missing the flight is that this entire
foot planes how starting to smell like a
walker absolutely
now he's passing out
le surface help sometimes knows it out
Oh No
with the right
can we use the flotation device laughs
people are
opaque white neck once again just to let
you know what we're dealing with the
game is 28 after the hour and now they
have to how quickly we can be airborne
so we told them hippies Ely obviously
kind of what we're dealing with here
just packing for Thailand it's laughing
hi
currently having the day from hell so we
were pushed to another flight obviously
two flights back because everything's
growing up let me just I want to make a
note that i'm not complaining about them
cancelling the flights because I would
always want to be on a safe flight
rather than a broken plane this part
right now is that we keep getting pushed
to like all these standby things and
they're separating Ali and I even though
I'm explicitly asking them not to
separate out a and I we're going
literally from gate the gate just asking
and begging I was thinking maybe fly to
Sarasota or they end up like a little
too far
alright guys fingers crossed on this
flight if not I'm sending a lan
destroyed by herself she could have gone
in the last 10 10 and 11
so I think allergies got upgraded the
first class
I can't believe it but we actually got
on the flight and we're home right now
Ali's having some issues with her pop
years trying to pop her years but here's
the thing she got upgraded I think it
okay you're allowed to complain now you
did a great job even playing the whole
time like the entire time when we were
filming with Drake white and Jesse
Palmer but we have to do all that stuff
you know I'd be at the campsite I'll
even complain the entire I Kenobi I
would have been playing the entire time
but on a smile why not have a chase
until we see her bags here now yeah all
right so they lost the bag no that's
right here there is no we got it first
wanted to add another thing to it you
already looked it up it takes away the
thing when you can look everything up
he's watching us on good morning america
we pack that llama I'm sure you guys can
just look this up ABC News did you
search for good morning Charles cookie
there we go what you guys can look for
go home thank you and this dude is just
chillin in front of my door not a very
good way to come home so thing off
medical bills still so our medical girls
tank in my last one hey hey there you
are thank you for what ah Melissa was
watching the girls put your wiener away
thanks not barking all you been working
on that list is teaching that the bark
Shh you being quiet no that's a white
Zoe good man hi all right so I gotta go
for a list of things for the little sick
girl we were that cold never understood
why chicken noodle soup is synonymous
with cold
well Marley it's not your suit under
point2 yeah it was my small fever are
you ready for this that you're gonna
have some soup without a pizza plate
what yeah it's a pizza plate and these
are your spoon you want wait what what
what's going what's wrong with you
you're gonna have some soup not a pizza
break you play right there babe you're
the best what's which one this one well
go sighs to say it's good to be home
Alan's feeling pretty bad right now I
have her kind of on bed rest they got
her some food her temperature is kind of
up thank you so much for watching
today's video I'm just glad right now to
be back in the house dogs are passed out
I just finished editing the vlog so i
think i'm gonna start passing out now
too so don't forget to subscribe as a
brand new and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye guys i get some llamas
post your poses you Han
I'm up llama duty
