what you guys have on top of your camera
it's a nice little oh my god because
it's called the camera pew yeah it's
like something you pull out of your
dryer oh my god come on stop rating good
morning there Michael really okay I get
it good morning america it all makes
sense now doesn't that look creepy as
hell they go like a like a goblin or
zombie lawless honestly I got a little
freaked out I thought that was so intent
for so my god hey llamas what are you
what are you doing so Chester that's a
bad place to be Chester cut away we
sheared them about three weeks ago so
normally they have a lot more than so
this might sound like a silly question
but is there coat usually like how their
tail is like it is thick really but you
guys look great I'm out you look great
so see how he's like grind it's almost
like grinding his teeth or moving his
mouth back and forth that means that
they're actually relaxed so that's a
good sign they're not eating anything
they're just relaxed he can't figure out
if he's relax or not
do you want to think there's another
rain jacket there watch that one came
unprepared we didn't really have rain
jackets or anything of that sort llama
llama llama llama llama duck any
remember that viral video so basically
the llamas carry food up and then bring
trash out correct laundry interesting
it's more than what you do child huh so
right now they're filming for good
morning america and they're having
charles actually go ahead and load one
of the llama so right now they're
bringing up food up the mountain wait a
little bit but that's okay that's what
camp is all about environmental issues
all right so you know video just packing
up a llama pick up the groceries gotta
get home other side Oh other side I knew
that we just do this simply
ready go I don't know where I can put my
xbox or summer
hell you're packing a llama
good job what does this consist of it's
an alfalfa cube you can try it if you
like
grass right yes Jessie
need braces
donnie darko one he's very excited about
that did you do oh sorry sorry I
remember face sorry sorry I'm sorry try
again so sorry I learned my lesson I'll
let you finish that one and I won't
touch your head again there you go I
won't touch you again yeah and thank you
yeah I feed you more treats now you like
me so all these guys are gonna bring
this food up to the top of the mountain
where there's a resort there I do you
have the leaders that see typically like
the leader for a particular reason
because he will not come in he will come
in our personal space and he won't let
the llamas come in his personal space so
he's able to keep them all back he's
alpha llama he is his name Jimmy Jimmy
oh this tree maybe is old as Yoda give
you guys some perspective this is jiminy
so he's the leader missile pack easily
leader the lava pack we're helping guide
the llamas up the mountain to this
resort that you can only actually get to
via walking or hiking out there right
now there's kind of an issue because
there's a tree down and we can't get the
llamas through it so let's see there it
is right there I think Michael and I
could just you know lift it up with him
you can take a look yeah I'm sure oh and
char slept of course he did keep it
rolling oh of course he did you know
Sonny's I actually brought him tennis
shoes and he still refuses to wear them
he'll only wear his chest artsy-fartsy
shot so artsy always the right come on
guys good fine job
I'm gonna trip before they fall so we
just passed up like poisonous leaves so
we had to keep moving all these are all
poisonous leaves for them Oh
rhododendron those were there oh we know
those are all right guys do not eat that
stuff I'm like super nervous now I gotta
keep moving they do walk better than
diesel there's eight of them come on
buddy we trained Lamas and there's
sometimes 10 so can you imagine 10 in a
whole trailer oh my god yeah really we
have to whatever training we walk the
two new guys behind the team so they see
what these guys are doing really think
you should get some llamas I get some
llamas
pose your pose a new ham I'm up llama
duty of llama duty I've definitely
colors do you who would've thought we'd
come to Tennessee and we'd be guiding
llamas up a mountain that's a pretty
little waterfall so we must learn saga's
mountain has a vertical drop of one mile
down to gatlinburg which is like brick
look like my breasts
boy these birch trees look like 24 karat
gold I'm not gonna do anything else is
this is all this nature what's really
funny is that we keep seeing all these
people passing us and they got hiking
boots hiking you know hiking sticks
water like camelbacks all these things
and alli and I are like and regular
stuff or just me I'm in jeans awesome
where's Michael did it bury them to zoom
in spot Mickey Mouse
I thought there was a little kid on the
guys back for the shoe saying yes it
looks like it he's got some big feet
funny what they say about guys with big
big shoes right what do they say dig
deep
that was incredibly exciting
somebody forgot their drawers
alright bye beautiful waterfall Oh told
you that top
goodness me I'm telling ya it's all rock
and it's really slippery which I
probably should be filming but they
gotta do what you gotta do
mokey Mountains National Park is
overcast weather is still just so
beautiful just absolutely breathtaking I
cannot experience it like I want to
definitely experienced it when it's not
raining you know with the rain is don't
know about that comment get rid of the
fly
it's tiny bubble gum okay the top and
watches are gonna be poisonous bugs get
all the powers on the ground look at
that guy see yep just hanging out look
there's like a little centipede or
something millipede maybe what is that
that's all that I man there's a
salamander are you can go buddy run
little salamander run Ryan we're super
roughing it right now did you make these
on your hot plates fall out in the on
the forest Oh granted though we just
hiked like you have four or five miles
there we are and we have mamas so we're
a lot of reward or suffer for a while
hey
you're such a dork
look great unfortunately due to the
weather conditions that's why we've been
kind of hanging out of hotel they have
used us like backups just in case in
which I'm so thankful for because
otherwise my computer my cameras like
all that kind of stuff would have got
completely trashed and I just wanted to
make it known Ali is sick as hell right
now and she's pushed through like a two
or three mile hike and she's kicking ass
right now I know she's sick that's the
baby room so it's like foraging for nuts
and berries so we're forging here no I
can't kiss him I'm baby that already has
nature they fly way hi bug so obviously
you guys know we are camping with good
morning america and i have to tell you
some of this stuff is just insane
basically good morning america has this
old giant campsite right here oh look
who it is everybody Jesse I Jesse he's
camping with us guys I know there we go
well you guys got to see the campsite
the setting up a tent is already
difficult let alone suspending your tent
in the air would you trust me to do
something like this that's that's what I
thought there's our buddy Drake we're
trying to expect this stuff yeah i like
i like to sleep it i like keeping my
feet just off around here right most the
time i love but sleeping off be honest i
holding idiot that's pretty sturdy
actually that's perfect so bear could
just come right here just get you
without you know having too much you
here at the Bears night yeah you could
just perfect doesn't have to do anything
yeah exactly exactly it looks like
Jesse's trying to set up the tent with
the crane going
so did you guys get it up what you guys
have on top of your camera it's a nice
little oh my god we call it it's called
the camera view yeah it's like something
you pull out of your dryer yeah the
sheet have you'd like yeah I think you
just sort of dive in don't just dive in
all right join you guys what's likely
target into this tonight yell anything
all right let's see honey job was a
straight arrow right there they're doing
is they're kind of layering these so
you're going to crawl up through there
and then crawl up to that one and then
there's actually going to be a tent up
there trout I just tested this one out
and it was pretty amazing but I'm
actually very interested to see how that
one's going to turn out you work so this
is sid sid is actually the owner of this
company look at the setup finally came
together so somebody's actually going to
be climbing up into this bad boy so
they're going to go right through here
so you climb up through here and get
right up into there actually this might
be a second layer so I don't know if
they're gonna climb on this one and then
go into that one and he's going to try
and do one more layer and put a tent
right up there so good luck good luck by
Wi-Fi satellite anything come on
still nothing that's beautiful it's
gorgeous no I don't wasn't my mouth not
very romantic what you're blowing never
fails tell me that's what she said
turkey turkey Turkey door everybody I
like chicken now he's a happy well after
kind of setting everything up for
everyone was camping we had to come back
we have an early flight tomorrow so we
can actually camp with everyone and
Ali's got what we think might be the flu
she's got all these shivers so I don't
want her being out in the wilderness and
getting him worse I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video we hung out with
Jesse and Drake towards the end that's
how you guys have solved the random
people at the end and we had to play
with somebody up llamas duck hope you
guys enjoyed today's video don't forget
to subscribe we'll see you guys tomorrow
as always by yes
 what
