good morning had to make sure you up
today nerd rock comes so we're really
excited go fast and we figured since we
were actually up relatively early we
should go to the morning market get some
stuff anyways they're really amazing the
concoction we have a graphic thing for
my family's tomorrow and where you spend
like 25 bucks and then people get to
chew I don't know how to explain it's
just it's basically a potluck type of
good gift thing we have like a limit
like even might get through your gift
because we have the other one this is
what I was talking about the other day I
have a stupid thing of like hair I said
you're going to do is just chop that
section off thank you just put a bead on
put a bird on it you know I felt like
when you walk all right so we're gonna
get some pickled stuff it doesn't matter
every time we come to a market Ali has
to get frozen lemonade or just fresh
line today that's very tight birthday
it's a very tired very tired
but we're gonna get out with some
sunflowers but then we found these
things what are they called red
something so they're red some flowers
they're like a hybrid of sorts you want
to get more of it
there's no tops they're just bunch of
sticks dozen bamboos have leaves and
stuff huh
yes honey that's weird that those are
just giant sticks isn't that odd bizarre
how bizarre they're very strange to me
it's like when we carved our name and
before I'm proposed do you remember that
it's probably still there
what Park was that called again if you
guys are ever in Australia go to that
Park to take a photo just don't know
it's fight the heart Sydney Harbour
Bridge and the Opera House but I don't
remember it was called 2k16 GJ 16 what
what so apparently if you do this it's
good luck as you can see everyone else
is doing it you stay together forever
Travis Jenny who Kinsley did it as well
there's more good luck stuff right over
there
how many times have we looked at Curtis
if we were in target one more time the
next month I'm gonna Ram my head against
the wall get the carpet that what you
really want is a carpet a white one you
sure with all the animals I'm telling
you honey this pole right here is we ran
my head if we come to target one more
time this month
we're in target every are wearing
totally different it's more fun what the
heck kind of spoiler is that honestly
here cake the cat Oh trust me I don't
want that in here okay oh no it's right
there like honestly what kind of spider
is that seriously kind of only want them
in our yard got him
honestly Internet what kind of spider is
this thing watch it's like a brown
recluse or a baby tarantula do you think
it's a baby tarantula it's got some
fangs on it though no we're not killing
it if I don't think I want to put them
out you're okay
I don't want this in our house my near
house how does that that fit for the
exact same thing flip it around I did
that's so weird
really it works on this end but it does
not it will not plug in on the other
side so we're gonna have to take all
this down and put this at the beginning
little prong this one look at this prong
look how thick that is
I wonder if it's this a fluke so here
this is like the never-ending quest Oh
oh yeah everywhere
reminds me of a velociraptor and that's
the lizard he's looking for way off I
thought it'd be kind of cool to outline
the driveway or do the trip well yeah
you don't think it'll look good I think
it could be kind of cool though
apparently there's a little shindig
going down on our neighbor's house we
should just go crash their party to what
nobody likes us they like us they like
us they like us she likes us yeah it's
true we're all welcome so we should
charge the park they can park in our
driveway if any extra space lucrative
side business guys YouTube ad pocalypse
we can get around it we'll get around it
one way or another we're going super
tacky so we annoy our neighbors it's
just like we're all about the tacky
Christmas stuff obviously nerd rocks
Christmas tree steel pole it's a tacky
pole but it'll look better at night I
think see this is one of the most
annoying things to buy we always put off
putting on like Christmas lights as you
can see the lights are currently on I'll
turn them off right now off okay put
them back on everything looks good
everything looks great grand amazing
awesome what the
awesome again that means there's one
stupid bulb all right well I got lucky
apparently I found it right here this
one's all shot there we go okay where is
it now oh there it is please please
please be it please oh and the test yep
we're good
I'm trying to get everything kind of
ready for nerd rock I got the Apple TV
set up actually the Apple TV didn't work
sigh he's one of those fire sticks
because you know nerve Rock is pretty
much like a nerd like I am stuff like
that so then I put the other one in here
so if he actually wants to come in the
game room and chill he can actually you
know come and watch TV in here cuz you
know if you stay at our house there's
technology everywhere you're gonna be
able to have some sort of entertainment
and that thing is still on my freaking
head isn't it hey so bad but for some
reason the remotes not working I think
the battery is dead but I think you've
been touched this is like one of those
watch batteries I think you can actually
do the tongue thing was like an eyeball
I don't know didn't work okay it's so
good so do you wanna try it might want
to try it you don't want to try it trust
me I'm not mean I'm not gonna make you
do that this giant mess of lights that
we did everything's all neat and clean
over there and then there's just this
giant mess I don't know
I'm all about the tacky just like Elias
doing good for right in the car with me
diesel is actually gonna go and hang out
at my mom's house for like two days my
mom isn't usually like at her house too
much during like Christmas Eve Christmas
Day and then and now the day after and
you guys know how Lola is and Lola gets
a little bit nervous when my mom set the
arbor to is very comforted by diesel
so these littles gonna go hang out for a
few days obviously I'm gonna go and be
with him on Christmas but he's just
gonna hang out but I think the night er
maybe tonight maybe tomorrow and I'm not
really sure but we're gonna see each
other on Christmas regardless
yes and I'm so happy that you can be an
awesome Guardian dog for her kind of
crazy that it's like almost diesel is
her anxiety dog or what did they call
them so it's almost like diesel is
Lola's emotional support dog to be
completely honest as much as I want him
here I know that Lola has a really hard
time you know you're not supposed to be
up here that's what you get Toro
but today that you hit 200,000
subscribers so Melissa so Melissa I get
the pie Wow okay so that's actually a
perfect lead we're playing a game called
hashtag this basically cards against
humanity' boy played this game you
better play right you want loose that's
another thing my sister and Ally gets
super 7 it's me so these are the
hashtags I'm working with
hey Christmas Eve party look who's here
look who's here how's it going guys this
is the one I won with that was the other
one I won with hey you're welcome
wins hashtag friends of benefit I think
you're cheating
alright nerd come check out your room
just watch our step can do we decided to
get you a tree this year this is amazing
thank you alright guys nerd rock is here
Zoe of course his best friend her best
friend I should say always hanging out
Marlies over there judging wants his
jellybeans
tomorrow we have to go to Ally's side of
the family and we're going to celebrate
Christmas Eve and then tomorrow the next
day is Christmas but anyway guys hope
you enjoyed today's video we will see
you tomorrow
have a great holiday and be safe bye
this
