I like the move I don't feel that good
so it doesn't stop drinking I think
really bad sore throat my body aches and
I'm just trying to get better before I
have to fly it tomorrow my flight leaves
at 6:00 a.m. so I'm just trying to kind
of rest up as much as possible
that was teeth oh by the way did you
just burp did you just burp
I hate being it's like worse than
anything just because I feel so helpless
I know Charles is having a much more
exciting day than I am
well good morning Internet today I'm
gonna try to make that a tradition every
time I see a freaking robe in my hotel
so today I'm in San Francisco obviously
saw yesterday I was flying all day and
got a couple hours to kill right now
before the shoot and I figured I kind of
go be a tourist a little bit and then it
got to go over to the shoot and then
picking a red-eye tonight to meet Ali in
Atlanta so we can go to Knoxville kind
of see and I'm a little excited I should
say I'm really excited because I'm not
worried about the internet and all that
stuff which is usually probably 95% of
my concern and traveling is if I'm gonna
make the blog go up so let's start today
oh yeah we for we leave by Buddha who
showed me next time on my pack back to
the be hood all right guys I'm gonna go
and stay with your aunt Melissa are you
ready
I had to go back to the floor and see if
I can imprison to try to see if I can
get some tickets out guys again
why the hell that it's like my favorite
thing not to do didn't know about the
strip until it was too late and
everything was sold out but we'll find
out
I get
like it look damn it man-made earth made
man-made earth made as if you guys
couldn't figure that out I was just
thinking it's so much cooler that tree
this looks like perfect like it looks
like a piece of art that I don't know
what that is it looks like scrap metal
to me that looks cooler to me Oh what do
you think so I just walking around the
pier
this is Ilsa and porche I didn't meet
you guys what's your name
Madison little area you guys got some
freaking awesome man
so they just wanted to say hi and just
you know she's like from frozen
you know just walk it around oh my god I
got it one here I got to go into a magic
shop the only place you can go to cat in
a bag and you will subscribe you will
tell your friends you will have a good
day
almost eat yourself Thanks nice little
picture alright so I just bought a magic
trick from the magic shop and I'll show
you guys a little bit later once I get
really good at it right now it's time to
go and go my little sea lion friends and
then I gotta go get to the shoot place
wherever they know they're at and that
way I'm not late because I hate being
late that's actually the biggest pet
peeves is being late something arf arf
arf arf
I'm a sea lion arf arf arf arf am sea
lions you stink
arf arf arf I don't care how many times
they come to San Francisco I got to do
this every time
that's just like Zoe Miley right there
there it is for some weird reason one of
my favorite places why didn't they just
ride like sea lions look at that they
just wrote a sea lion seagull you know
actually oh look at this why they
actually come to this section right here
do that I've never seen that before
these guys are being assholes right now
these guys are the assholes not letting
them out of the cold water
oh my god it's kind of like the Simpsons
with Ned Flanders in electorial
that is amazing I didn't know that
existed
that is so cool to me it's bad all right
so I just got to the producers called
the production house right now just met
Alan he just showed me the the base that
I'm gonna be doing something with I
can't show you guys quite yet we're just
gonna keep that a secret but here's
where I'm gonna be what could that
possibly be I don't know it's so quiet
everyone's so quiet it was like it was a
Clare and Clare which was the Clare's
Clare's there's the other question guys
what was your name Cara okay Holly
you're max okay Holly shit ever get Jo
Tim I remember Tim I would see if I can
remember this Alan Edward Oh suck in
this shit that's Alan that's Alan yeah
there's a mark mark he thought named
John Johnny Steven your Steven in here
damn it
roll call right now all right you guys
ready for a baton smash last looks on
everything
cameras feeding and action the time
honey did that feel as good as I looked
yeah the idea is I'm supposed to smash
this bass through your computer screen
on Instagram that's the kind of idea
that I think we're doing that's what
that square was so this is like this one
big is cheap bases again like Target or
Walmart intentionally my first base my
first drum kit one of those things so
this is what's gonna end up happening is
I'm gonna be putting this on my
Instagram soon so make sure you're
following me on Instagram which is this
Charles Trippy I've seen a few people do
this and I'm actually pretty pumped to
actually be one of you guys getting to
do to everything a tune
they've been smashing this would be a
bad time there was a giant spider on
there happy in one second just do a
little bit more smiles and one two three
hangry and smash that glass and grab
that beep and get back to playing and
you're smiling like the bee gees again
keep smiling that was fucking awesome no
I know totally
there's reflections and thanks so much
mana get out I definitely will
thanks for looking out for me
and will scoot up a little bit and
you're still rocking out doing that BG
smile that's fine and you guys will see
that very soon let's they're done
editing and doing all the
post-production it's gonna be fun and if
we can rotate the bag counterclockwise
to degrees everyone ready still doing
that go for us I think that just gave us
like the most impactful smash all right
we're speeding all right and actually
you're doing the smiling funky rocking
out VG space just smiling a little bit
more and let's have hangry hey grab your
shirt he's eating six match
all right that one got me yeah you can
cut no no but that was your feeling it
no that that was that was I can feel
like behind the scenes you guys will see
this as soon as they're done look that
look mm-hmm I like the delay fall of the
class so just to show that that wasn't
complete crap and fake look at this I do
my own stunts guys and the aftermath
good job man
man thank you so much man appreciate it
thank you brother I saw you cleaning off
the camera fill out that last one little
little blow back at the airport taking
the red-eye right now to meet up without
Anna and then we're going to Knoxville
Tennessee to shoot this thing long
camping with the money madness so I'm
gonna go get some sleep as much as I can
on this plane I will see that's well
hope you enjoyed today's video
I guess alright see you later I know hey
I find our nearest I secure crazy
