so enjoying that son getting nice and
dirty do a full roll can you not even do
that you got that like that that's good
roll so as you can see I'm strolling out
on an airplane right now because I was
gonna be on like a 6 or act like no joke
there's a5 a.m. flight i was gonna get
on to get to San Francisco but I
realized I'm not doing anything until
tomorrow so I just delayed it into like
the afternoon and just kind of recouped
from the last couple days of traveling
because I'm gonna be traveling to san
fran they were gonna be going to
tennessee for the good morning thing so
we're out with the whole family for
mothers day look who came on the fam
unfortunately the boys didn't make it
out today none of the boys made a
malicious teaching Marlene how to
snapchat
did you mom do you have snapchat tricky
minnetonka you taught her well Melissa
thank you and Connor was so the
engagement party was definitely a
success it was so much fun uh Charles
and my family a lot of them have not met
yet just because some are out of town
and you know it's just kind of hard
getting everyone together so it was
really nice for his family to meet my
family and everybody got along really
well your mom was like freaking out did
you hear she was just like this is so
perfect our families fit together so
well she's like we're all equally weird
I just love it like I was like good
Marley not really happy that's one of
the best compliments i never got about
my family are they're amazing people my
grandma and my aunt and my uncles and my
cousins and everybody worked there and
same with char's family and it just I
had friends there too and it was kind of
a surprise i didn't really know all the
people that were coming so my sister
kind of made this list of friends and
individuals to invite I was impressed I
was impressed you're doing good she did
good on the list our actual kitchen has
blown up again because of all the stuff
that we got yesterday but this was
something really awesome that my sister
did and she had people come in and they
signed it and this is something that we
can frame and I don't know I just love
it I think it's so wonderful so we're
gonna frame that and put that up
probably somewhere over here because we
gotta start putting stuff up we lucked
out we got some cool stuff and I am just
so thankful that we gots in that day
yesterday with everybody in good bunny
mmm san fran oh I think we're on Chicago
knows what she got out damn I was wrong
it's actually funny whoops Marlene if
you're watching this he is going to
California I was totally wrong I I
screwed up but world bad we're all bad
you told always goes she goes I'd say no
cuz I thought you were going to Chicago
I think I need to sleep yeah I got a
char a really nice yummy stuff and I
thought this was kind of cool watermelon
lemonade the best of both worlds how
crazy and he wanted some hairspray guys
cuz yep Charles uses hairspray in that
beautiful head of his and unfortunately
it is point two ounces too big to bring
onto the plane and then I was like wow
look at this it's sprite in a bottle but
it's not cold but I still got it for you
you know if you want it anti-racism red
potato salad god I'm like the best we're
like I don't need to toot my horn but
jeez you're like the dude 20 Marley I
didn't bring you a sub I forgot I'm so
sorry do your watermelon do you like
watermelon All Right see you later this
morn is bigger than that shrug that we
ready I know hey have fun dot our
neighbors probably think we are crazy
right in half Charles
well last time I thought they got rid of
the starbucks nothing just moved it so
Ali you're okay Oh free candy no I don't
want that guess I'll just pass up free
candy give it damn it I was gonna go to
the duty-free place but they apparently
replying so late like 5pm right now is
the latest i think i've ever flown for a
flight everything's closed I got to go
to Atlanta then in San Francisco and
then tomorrow we do the shoot school
and welcome back to my favorite frigging
here forever all right like I really
want to know how many times I flow
so I'm trying to find some cool because
it completely forgot it on the last trip
I'd like the hotel so I had to go from a
Holloway's international terminal and
hoping it that's all you have no idea I
so victorious got hair spray and I found
some Cologne I was making fun of because
i have that hairspray otherwise my
hair's completely crazy I have like this
Jimmy Neutron type of thing going on
Katzen topic cats on top of cats
looks like she's got the key right now
so basically I left at the perfect time
in sawed off the flu
hopefully kind of embarrassed admit this
but I'm starting to actually feel the
effects of like the past couple of weeks
they started yesterday kind of catching
up to me where I'm trying to get a
little bit more tired I've been getting
up super early and working and then
helping out with editing and will you
know obviously I've been editing a lot
more and kind of running around a lot
for Charles and family and having family
over and just everything starting to
catch out to me and I'm kind of feeling
a little crappy today for obvious
reasons yesterday I'd kinda like push
through everything and I actually was ok
but today woke up and i'm just really I
don't know if I'm like getting sick
which I'm hoping I'm not I know that
when you're stressed out and you're
constantly doing things are not allowing
your body to rest and I can't say that
I've been eating the best either that
kind of compromises your immune system I
have noticed so ever since I got the
nick de like I get I've been getting
sick easier so I don't know if it really
like compromised my immune system can
actually take time to get a little bit
better but pretty much the whole day
today I've been feeling a little bit
crappy and I don't know so I'm trying to
eat you know an apple a day keeps the
doctor away trying to have as much
calcium as I possibly can enough vitamin
C and I'm vitamin b12 all the above i'm
trying to take everything that i can
think of to make sure that I don't get
sick as I have to leave Tuesday yeah
i'll eat tuesday to go meet up with
Charles I don't want to be sick but been
laying low today after having mother's
day earlier and progressively the other
day I've just been feeling so so grabby
so all I've been looking like
recently not that I try very hard
anyways but I definitely i noticed it
yesterday I look pretty hideous I could
see it in my eyes like I don't know
about you guys felt like when I don't
feel good or if I'm like really tired
you can see it under my eyes and I think
I need to have a little bit more water
too I just
I've been feeling too hot hold on this
train is departing
yep San Francisco had to show you guys
of course there's a yoga right here I
was spending the entire day doing this
traveling crap now get back to the room
never shoot bring out the camera brother
it's a boy man what's your name I can't
really tell you my name okay what's your
fake name hi my name is Darius white man
they're all Gary's right that's a stage
play football for caliber for me there
you go hey your mother goes to
Indianapolis close tego honey watch out
be looking at get its pretty cool man I
feel really bad today because we haven't
really done much I've been on the plane
all day and Alice from six arm just like
British Air see if the drivers actually
finds for all that he's kind of
confusing here the next couple days in
the super exciting because we're gonna
have that camping trip that we're going
on I forgot to tell you that's what
we're doing we're doing a camping chair
for the surprise camping trip to
Tennessee I think that's what the Good
Morning America thing is it's like a
whole like thing we're celebrating
national parks and that's what they're
doing a segment on you get to go camping
with the ease of me not missing a day
because that's when one thing I've
always been really stressed about like
going and going camping and not
internet or Wi-Fi they promised me
they're like you will have satellite
Wi-Fi set up specifically for you and
it's a couple days hopefully hopefully
Ali's you know better by then I told her
it just well it's so much vitamin C and
vitamin D vitamin E all that stuff
tomorrow I'm doing this cool little
chute it's a kind of a commercial but
it's like online it's like an Instagram
it's still
it's really cool it'll be really fun
I'll show you guys all tomorrow fancy
doors they're like all holographic oh I
love San Francisco it's like a treat I
forgot today's Sunday obviously smothers
day so I have your mother's day to all
the mothers out there anybody that's
right I'm that guy that's all I'm gonna
do I'm gonna be that big of a jerk so
happy mother's day to all you mothers
out there alright was like oh lights on
lights on admit it ballad I'm pretty
freaking cool if that actually worked I
just love San Francisco because of like
the technology capital look at these a
little Buddha that's random these peaks
around it's like hey Charles hey I
figure out while the freaking lights are
do you think there's gonna be a
twenty-dollar water this is drink up tse
drink up five dollars I'm so thirsty too
the first time I'd ever say she got
something from the airport this is my
favorite thing about w hotels is that
they have stated your beds just always
so look at I sink in like a freaking
water bed
oh the be great I can't wait to sleep
from you I think I think I'll sleep is
good try one day okay guys well
tomorrow's gonna be a busy day I know
today kind of sucked a little bit with
all the traveling and uh Alan being sick
but I hope she's feeling better I talked
through a little bit before I got to the
hotel i forgot the card she actually
sounds terrible right now so everyone in
the comments just tell ali to get better
very soon so she can go on this camping
trip she reads all the comments so
they'll cheer up a little bit on the
crappy day I will see you guys tomorrow
Zoe's that Buddha sleep tight
ok
