I just go to my sister's house and I
have to tell you it looks awesome in
here they killed it
Tom's gonna do a little dance for us
yeah Charles doesn't know but I got him
a Chippendale if you well you can't see
anything right now this is the back of
it but if you look out there
it looks just so cool and it turned out
to be such a pretty day oh good okay and
I kind of ruined the surprise last night
so I went out with Shelly whoops I went
out with Savannah ran to one of my very
best friends in the world to my very
best friends in Rhode Shelly her husband
and then my friend Sean and Shelley came
into town as a surprise which I ruined
that surprise I like you just see me I
was like in shock that I saw her last
night I had to like second-guess myself
I was like wait a second is that
actually Shelley so yes that was a huge
surprise one of my best friends came
here
another thing is my sister kept tricking
me
and she was like you need to be here for
30 and I said why don't I need to be up
for 30 and did you really have to get a
belt yeah you are you sneaky be
oh yes she told me she told me in
Colorado being attacked
you were under attack at first there's
this fly that keeps going between Ellie
myself no it came to me once but it was
like crawling all over children I were a
mouth and well in my mouth and flew out
my mouth since Zoey decided to poop and
Ali threw away that extra bag I'm not
sure you would have gotten quite a
surprise the worst I've ever done was
once was I think I've already told you
guys
when Zoey's little I was living in Tampa
going in school and there was a marathon
coming her behind us and Joey to the
deuce rate in the street so I had to
literally kick it up with my hands and
throw into the woods yeah it was funny
it's great
look at all the dog but how many let's
see how many people and things we can
get on this thing is a piece we could
probably put another couple of humans on
my leg
these will put your wiener way it's very
gross on your mom I'm good you want
yours off - there you go
they loved it
the dogs jealous of your swag there Zoe
can't believing right now these old
Molly wanted to go inside so they
conceived in July so we didn't want to
go in so I'm thinking for another round
of adolfo as you can't bleeding
everywhere
I don't know if you guys can actually
see what you're doing right now heavily
drunk the golf right earthquake you pimp
leaning with your swag you would go slip
this thing there you go ghost riding
there's Oh Bentley first my golf cart
golf cart wins all the time right so
much bullet my rims are cooler than the
rims which is actually kind of funny why
should my golf cart have better rims
than a bit lame I win mr. expensive car
those forgot to go pick up a medication
before leaving for my trip so I had to
go get up like a double dose curious on
how much is the boss
scripts has always cost me so much money
so dump hate it I complain about every
time but seriously I had so much
as you guys can probably hear I'm
drinking the freakin party tonight and I
got loads of cell to water for myself
because you know how I roll I'm hardcore
I'm bringing sexy back guys I don't know
what Justin Timberlake those random
reason right now or Shawn Fanning as
some of you like
one two three you got it
yeah Marley we know you can catch oh
well never not sorry can you catch me
catch it really still all of them dick
look how fancy this is Caitlyn's like
the little event coordinator I guess I
should go it
we got giant Jenga over there it's all
the printed out photos it's actually
most photos I've ever seen printed out
of Ali and I everything a digital
actually when I asked Ali out that's how
I did it I don't know if you guys knew
that I do like check yes because that
was her favorite song in the world
poster
holy Toledo Batman and there's still so
much left Claire
you killed it you dead it looks so
beautiful look at the tables and look
they know how to get right into my
heartstrings and pull on them tight pull
on him hard little bit of bug spray some
corn Hall and everybody is trying to
well never he's starting to arrive it
looks so amazing though I'm just so
thankful that my sister and Claire my
mom and everyone did all of this it just
looks so pretty oh you guys are awesome
I'm just gonna let you guys go ahead and
and prepare my wedding for me get it all
planned out I'll be honest you know that
so my dad just got surprised with my
brother's here and he didn't know that
he was showing up either so Kailyn and
Allie are battle Cailin has relinquished
control you see your grip your pain I
see a grip no okay no grip there nope
there it is pushing it away or digging
it I don't know oh you want a vlog wanna
do this I don't have to work then if you
want to do it stuff in your face for a
while though I think your family's in
making interests they're all gonna come
in with like a margin they gonna come
down from like some wrath like on top of
the roof or something like a zipline or
something like that
no tell my family rolls got some snacks
here snacks
my grandma just made this amazingly
delicious is this carrot cake grandma
can she make carrot cake because I need
you oh my gosh it's my favorite thing
without stuff on it without it doesn't
matter they both look beautiful
my grandma's the most phenomenal cook
ever
was it good it's real good they're bad
got some real good cake this is a really
cool thing Ali's sister and her
brother-in-law go Tom got together and
her family you know it's got some people
from all over the place you know just to
hang out just kind of chill and
celebrate the engagement together so it
was kind of nice to just kind of hang
out with family a lot of people that we
haven't got to see in a long time I've
never met a tremendous amount of people
that actually came on Ali's side so it
was kind of nice it's beautiful
so thank you so much Kaitlyn I love you
I did think this is actually a really
clean up everything I had to run home
really quick to feed these guys learn
how to open doors
is this what you want
right here like this okay is it that hit
man oh my god oh you yeah fun today
higher it was wonderful
I can't let me clear my mom there's a
lot of fun like what I walked in i saw
that tables with the default value no
people not what I was expecting at all
it was a lot of fun it's like one of
those moments so I always feel I was
always telling you guys that's like one
of those moments you kind of forget the
film because you're so in into it and I
feel like we're like one of those
moments that we should and a lot of like
my family sorry
a lot of my family that hasn't met chars
family and vice versa yeah got to meet
which is kind of cool mm-hmm I loved
that part okay so Ali's cousins is so
random just like so like this is like
serendipitous I guess it could be yeah
okay so like okay you came back with
cake and everything get I gotta focus
focus on my stare and dismiss moment
okay cousins BJ and Kelly no no yeah
Kelly is my cousin's husband okay okay
take the calorie even even more they
would always hang out with the same
group of people like so they knew each
other and then when I said that I was
dating Ali my sister said that she knew
her cousin and I mentioned my cousin and
I said you know what his first and last
name was and she's like you're kidding
and I was like no I'm just like did he
go to the school I said yes and she goes
I don't him I've hung out with him
before like I know and then I mentioned
Mike let my other cousin which is a
female and I said her husband's name and
here's the thing this is like Ali and I
never knew each other and everything
like that I've even know her cousins
this is my sister's world right here I
think it's so serendipitous that like my
sister who's friends with the cut her
cousins and stuff like that I had no
idea and then we started dating and now
we're getting married I think that's
probably that's freaking a Kate
Beckinsale and a Hugh Jackman right
there that's not serendipitous
well it wasn't huge Oh No who was it it
was Kate Beckinsale and EJ I don't know
like you guys tell us
I wish so Marley's gonna in the vlog for
me tonight are Marley and the vlog yep
okay what else what else
yep
what's your name here's nitrogen lady
everyone say hi to the ice cream lady
we're gonna fear a lot they get so much
attention lady
