hey you soon Kobe all the time when I
was a puppy its scope it out not there
he knows I'm going to do something to
him best buffalo can't sneak it this
time he's away because I don't think so
sleep I ain't protecting he's definitely
protecting I don't know if you guys can
see but his legs are still in the ground
Neely look good free no oh that's too
cute so good afternoon internet it is
friday and i am on my way to the gym oh
yeah charm it's kind of resting today um
taking it easy i'm going to like ice i
go to the gym and then i'm actually
going to my sister's house to meet up
with my older sister and my younger
sister and my mom my bleep claire and we
are gonna start getting everything ready
for tomorrow which is so crazy I can't
believe that starting here and um I'm
just super excited that's all i can say
i'm super excited this dog is just a
pile of goo wherever he falls that's
where he wants to be I want attention
yeah oh you're getting stuck how we
gonna get you out of here okay let's get
outta here let's get you out his
matching the other matching don't cope
yeah just like don't help me don't help
me I got this hey Internet so today kind
of sucks already so i woke up i guess i
was like 945 and ella was out here
editing and she heard me call for her
cuz the whole like cheese actually knows
really really well house i could take a
look you may like one of those things
where it's like like the bat signal like
where you know something's wrong like
you can tell when like I'm having like a
seizure or something I guess I had one
this morning I feel a lot better than
normal after 1 i'm just a little bit out
of it but i've been at the same time
so how do you know my mom came home
early to because apparently the other
house is being sold to we got a buyer
which is really exciting because now we
have one less thing to stress about we
were signing all the contracts and stuff
I told you guys the other day that I
have to go to San Francisco and then San
Francisco I got to go to Tennessee and
then Tennessee were doing that segment
with good morning america which I told
you guys if not we're going to be doing
this segment with good morning america
this is super annoying family and then
after that we come home and I think
we're going to go his nerd rocks new in
town I think we might do something like
WrestleMania or something really cool I
got to talk to him actually a party
should call him right now and then the
9th is actually read Danny's birthday
which sucks I don't think I'm going to
be actually home we will send them
flowers or something he'll love that and
now kind of running a few errands right
now grabbing a few last things for the
engagement party tomorrow and I had to
run into TJ maxx tickets and like
citronella candles and things like that
because there still is kind of
mosquitoes and we need candles outside
and TJ maxx i know i said all time I
swear by them i love them so much but
anyways i'm in TJ maxx
net
I had to you always looking behind Hey
oh wait I hear that's good man that's
what today's gonna be the mission trying
to find the ice cream man feel like your
kid right now here's ice cream man i run
in the house and i try to find as much
coins and money they can okay so Isis
quarter sizzle ooh how much is ice cream
class now two dollars three something
right I can take pride four dollars and
I'll be fine if it's more than four
screw it so windy it's so windy so looks
like the whole crew is here huh just
making term reporting I've gotta run
inside and I think I left my phone at
home which kind of sucks because now I
can't get ahold fault actually I could
get hold of Charles from my sister's
phone but I don't know about you guys
but I always feel so naked when I don't
have my phone with me what are you
making Claire what are you making is
this clear special recipes and now it is
you buffalo chicken rom-coms rest
no they're go Caitlyn's into the qu you
your briefing that chicken or like a
champ we are getting everything prepared
while the girls are so far my mom and
there's my mom my sister you guys
remember them what awkward mom but
they're getting everything ready for the
party tomorrow and it's sofa looks
pretty dang good
hero you're the ice cream truck comes
through so it's complimenting my sister
on the fact that she puts a new
landscaping out her front yard cuz we're
working on ours but kind of that couple
that procrastinate when it comes to you
know getting things done so I was
complimenting my sister because hers
looks super professional no good I think
I look super good
I found of holy crap oh crap I found him
I thought oh crap I forgot the ice cream
got embarrasses do you want spongebob
yes this gentleman knew exactly what I
was doing too I'm Tony she's like you
need to get this for me exactly you went
spongebob right I'm a huge spongebob
spongebob so you gotta go I don't know
choco tacos but like i said i'm out of
the doghouse fear there you go man i got
me exercise for the day there you go
good how are you do you have no idea
i've been chasing you down for weeks go
to spongebob first the guy sold me on
that
I feel like a little kid right now I had
this guarantees
I give you a nickel the hell wrong with
pink Judy Nichols
let's go with the
what's your name here's ice cream lady
everyone say hi to the ice cream lady
we're gonna see her a lot thank you so
much ice cream lady Luke mission
successful hi Marley hi diesel thank you
for being very good I think she's gonna
think I'm stalking her now attempt she
does a u-turn I'd like right behind her
literally that's but if you've been
watching these videos for a long time
ever since we moved here I've been
trying to find the freaking ice cream
truck the entire time oh my Keaney it's
been a long time you don't like me my
whole are you gonna like me today and
fumbling Mona Mona Mona rollin rollin
rollin a boo yep yeah that's it girls
you're so vulgar we're making these
yummy yummy army rolls they're like the
pinwheels so this is a buffalo chicken
pinwheel that's a cream cheese cream
cheese ranch deliciousness pinwheel and
yeah you get you guys doing real good
Mako buddy oh hi what is that what is
that oh don't touch me don't touch me
I'm going back in my box spongebob
there's no what it likes spongebob eats
my job eat it do you don't like him
either diesel I shouldn't eat this mmm
success this is what victory tastes like
yellow with blueberries and red food
coloring so I was just thinking some
snapchats wears a freaking hilarious by
the way and I sacrificed mr. spongebob
so if you want to see what happened go
check out my snapchat I feel like that's
kind of like that's why i did a purpose
but no I'm actually genuinely sad that's
actually my first spongebob popsicle I
was really delicious good thing I have
four other popsicles oh so when I pulled
back at the house my neighborhood making
fun of the dogs how they're just like so
spoiled and that they didn't have to
walk that whole trip they've got that
like a little golf cart ride so I
decided you know I should probably walk
them around get him some exercise we
hear it ice cream man is not haunting me
it's haunting I'm gonna hear it in my
sleep from now on so thanks to these two
lovely ladies for prepping all the food
today kid take good God kalyn's actually
tomorrow gonna do a performance for us I
didn't write a you are oh yeah she's
bringing car kick she is bringing car
karaoke to life you know the count on I
do car karaoke pretty funny kalyan
should we turn on some 90 music and just
well let's just say that we should be
lip-synching but we're not oh I do this
every time i smelling this I was like
mmm every time I small candle I get
something on me he looked like the
snapchat Waller I do hey babe are you
feeling I felt good when I had my
spongebob popsicle and then I felt that
my job when I 1520 it sound like a tree
little kid there I was bummed i found it
though it was literally the hardest
thing to find because they're so it was
like one of those things where like I
was running around I can obviously get
this also i filmed it like I'd go to a
corner and it stopped mm-hmm and then I
listen and then I will suddenly hear the
thing in the background the ice cream
truck yeah then when you figure out the
direction where it is your
e6 and leaf blower some typical range
cycle yeah Oh father good and I told him
I find there every Friday or she comes
by every friday i was like out around
what time she I guess his son and I told
her I'm gonna come with more going to
change next time you feel better I'm all
right it's fine yeah everything ready
every mouth but uh we got what we could
get done tonight for tomorrow if you go
feed on Zoe again that's what up have
you ever thought that maybe it's the
girl's fault for putting their heads
where his no cuz it's scary wine goes
Zoe barley sniff and then he goes we get
in there and then he goes in there that
and bolts in that it goes to look ma no
all right all right I believe you I
believe you a hundred percent i believe
yes he does what marley does oh poopy
exactly what Marla does but Marley can't
lift her legs she well she does but only
on bushes she'd go that high I sure what
day exactly what does weed coming up
with Ali I may be on good morning
america
different under doing so I can't tell
you
what's going on I
