got some frigging amazing exciting news
this is this is awesome this is
mind-blowing I didn't know this could
actually happen good morning internet so
we kind of had an interesting call today
or wake up call today because I don't
know what it is somebody in the
neighborhood said there was rats going
on around the place they thought it was
us because look at this this is so dumb
I don't know what happened like when
they installed this fence but they
showed it to us okay so if you look
carefully trying to find something they
could show you right there that is a
sewer grate for the city and it's
sitting right on top of this fence so
they think maybe on the other side of
this fence some silly little rats or
mice by beginning out of the sewer in
st. Pete
right there didn't know that was there
so apparently Master Splinter was trying
to break out help me he the Ninja
Turtles gone give up up up how about the
city mar how about the city see you can
sue her out hit the drain out okay
nevermind she's working for free she
doesn't want to do it okay go talk to
your Union oh the worm the worm we
should probably move that so doesn't die
who the worms or doesn't die don't die
what are you doing Oh of springing hurt
what Oh Marley Marley help finding Zoe
for it I'm sure there's more its nature
uh huh her nose look there goes mark oh
good i'm hotter oh wow good good don't
let her boss you around without frog so
it's already been a pretty interesting
couple hours into the day first off we
find out there's like splinters going
everywhere and i didn't know there was a
tricky manhole like behind her house on
top of that ok so i just found out on
sunday think it's sunday or saturday i
have to go to San Francisco to do like a
video shoot I got to do something it's
not something I can say right now what
it is however I promise you you guys
will be there and you'll see I'll be
able to show you guys however I got some
freaking amazing exciting news this is
this is awesome this is mind-blowing I
didn't know this could actually happen
not sure what day exactly but this week
coming up week alli and I are actually
gonna be on good morning america so the
CTFxC is gonna be on good morning
america it's not gonna be one of those
traditional talk show things it's
actually kind of something unique and
different that they're doing
so I can't tell you exactly what's going
on because I don't actually know what's
going on I'll go in about thirty 30
minutes I have like a meeting and then I
could probably let you guys know all I
can tell you right now it's freaking
exciting that guy has a jerk exciting
exciting news like a little guy ruin it
I'm so excited so ya ali and i can be on
good morning america i'm not sure
exactly what yet one day it's gonna be
but i'll definitely let you guys know so
you can record it or something like that
I'll show us that you're watching it I'm
excited I'm like all smiles right now I
think that's like the coolest thing ever
now we should go and bring the twerps
idiots
these are the old idiot so a big old
idiot Marley you get to see the dogs on
a talk show stupid dog tricks Marley in
a breakdancing diesel doing is blocking
the camera routine so we're out kind of
just like taking my sister home in st.
Petersburg as you can probably see and I
think I actually found my wedding dress
though oh it's a beauty it's a beaut I
think our smells pretty nice and maybe
I'll just get them knees I'm space cats
man I like I don't know and then I make
it in this chili Oh beautiful i believe
so oh my oh this is definitely the
wedding dress oh yes I mean I don't
think you can beat it you know who that
looks like Oh from Beetlejuice
beetlejuice I don't know I really wanna
come here try these dresses on yep amana
assless chaps got to get them for perch
are you look great love it's so cool
just feel like I don't all the different
fashion trends that went on throughout
the years ah it always brings a little
laughter I'm not gonna lie look oh I
could get that one too please believe me
I'm not making fun of them I'm just
intrigued that someone actually wore
that that's all I'm trying to say but
we're gonna keep shopping Dimpy a bad
girl did you hurt your foot come on
let's go let's walk come walk it off
come on walk it off you're right come
here diesel come here
you're right walk it off pal here you go
so I don't know how he did it things
just being an idiot he was running down
the hallway and he tripped I think he
hurt his foot your big idiot like these
two telling you finding the best wedding
dresses when that day comes when I start
shopping for him Caitlin this is where
we're going that's for lunch long for
wedding dresses nope so this is a wine
glass but on it it says finally a wine
glass that fits my needs how where's
that I don't leave you guys can actually
see what it says on it but it's still
pretty funny that's awesome find
anything you can't live without I've had
a lot of really cool stuff kitty cat
shite but right now not finding anything
I think two stores from anything about
sports I would like to come back here
enjoying something like the movie um
just camera DSS any of this I know
you're talking about um video if you
look oh yeah video montage well no luck
today at the first store but I will
definitely be back those are some very
classy shoes right there you never know
so you might be able to rock I'm okay
you might be but we're leaving and I
don't know if any of you guys who ever
seen buffy the vampire slayer the movie
that's totally her prom dress yeah
I always loved her prom dress metheny
who loved it completely forgot a sink it
a mile or May 5th whatever way you want
to say honestly like I didn't realize
that it was Cinco de Mayo until I think
Caitlyn said it earlier today really
yeah cheers I feel like holiday should
be on the weekend it's very true you
know I've also kind of bummed i
completely forgot the whole may the 4th
be with you I came to say it may the 4th
be with you okay I'm like a big deal out
of it today his posture nobody made a
big deal i can put nobody did i woke up
a little too late to make all the jokes
you know what else I didn't see what its
gonna be May it's got a fan they can you
say may the 4th be with you do you have
a lisp to a lift I said I don't I do may
the force be with you I don't know if I
ever told you guys I actually had a lisp
when I was a kid so like when uh I would
try to speedily sad really quick it
really did dramatic 180 so we're so
close to the freaking water I thought
it'd be kind of like a crime because
it's kind of sunset right now too we
just missed it
crikey here you can see I didn't know
that's a red X holy Jack's around the
corner oh where does she go to go
slugger Jack Twitter so I'm insulting
everyone australia i love you guys so
much for everything yep
oh yes what's the gel say go to my oh
man I'm just hang out
all right tuxie gum gum
you
fun fact though sarasota has the best
beach in the world it's true sarasota
has CSE keys voted one of the best
beaches in the world like numerous times
over and over so pretty you can check it
out of my instagram or alleys and script
by you know Charles this is going to
provide diesel how's your foot able to
walk or you just I think Diesel's doing
with Tyson always does it just kind of
like somehow the dog knows how to ham it
up luckily one of the security cameras
qaggaq hot was going on but I think what
he did was he just was so happy just
tripped on himself you just pulled what
I do all the time oh he pulled it oh man
