seriously Marley brand new I don't want
you up there please please don't make
yourself at home come on off the couch
off the couch gonna try to get back into
my smoothie diet
we're not together because we are living
out for the engagement party with this
Saturday a super excited state land my
mom Claire everyone they've actually
been looking really really hard to
figure out you know food and the
decorations invites of getting on with
together so thank you noble but we're
kind of clearing that all out today like
there's anything else for me to be done
they won't let me do anything i'm trying
to say won't let me do anything caitlin
is the ultimate party planner right
there yes you are not Kaline you are it
has been raining all day today literally
like an hour maybe an hour maybe an hour
honestly this is probably one of the
biggest elements that I feel like char
and I have as daily vlogger since
figuring out what to do on days of
spring because it really isn't too much
to do I mean you honestly you can't do
anything you just chill but here's the
thing too I have so much energy and I
know char has so much energy that i met
your drinking at home and i'm drinking
coffee
I'm gonna picture but what your fav
accident not really bad using your
sister that doesn't work where's the
tape get me out how come you get to do
whatever you want to me but you don't
like that was the worst wedgie ever had
it gets really hot man I can't breathe
very heavy box diesel go get her today
has been one of the most gloomy days in
a very long time in Florida I'm not even
kidding this morning we were startled
because something jumped on the bed you
know the dogs aren't sleeping on the bed
anymore Zoe was laying on top of our
heads as she was putting her nose like
in my neck trying to hide her face the
saddest most cutest thing ever see my
entire life we're Thunder buddy with
gloomy gloomy days comes cold weather
and nice like excuses just gonna sit out
back now that I got this all set up I
was listening some audiobooks again like
i always do for audio book club that we
always have and last month stupid
mosquitoes this thing's supposed to be
working but it's not by the way I got a
little partner she's helping me out
right now
and Henry there Zoe got a little scared
of the Thunder I might be able to hear
it everyone's well anyway I'm getting
sidetracked so the last couple months
that would be doing our audio book club
we've been choosing I've been choosing
some like Alcatraz books there's my mom
my mom says hi oh it's about the house
we actually might be able to sell the
house soon some Alcatraz books because I
started so a TV right now okay so
Alcatraz books because we're going to
Alcatraz I'm so into for some reason I'm
oddly into that whole prison and that
whole time that era but this one I
wanted to kind of do like a goofy one
just like kind of a fun one and I picked
up shopping a survival guide for men go
to audible.com CTFxC you can get your
free 30 day trial which includes a free
audiobook and this is the one I'm going
to suggest for this month and I'm gonna
play a little little brief little thing
it is this delicate dance of death in
fashion that you must learn to navigate
or face an eternal destiny of lost
Saturday afternoons when the weather is
perfect for golfing and Charlie gets to
go because his wife is cool as a thirty
percent off coupon to TJ maxx and so
your shoulders slouch ever so slightly
as you stumbled to the kitchen to pick
up the keys to the minivan so that's
this little sample of it it's kind of
like you know very kind of look kind
like a parody but that's just a little
sample let's go to audible com CTFxC you
can go get your free 30 day trial which
includes a free audiobook the cool thing
about these things I say it all the time
is that you can you listen to on your
phone your computer you know all these
other devices mp3 players this was
actually suggested by soon k likes ear I
think his name was it was a Jared it was
Jared so thank you jared for suggesting
this one and if you guys have any audio
books or books that we should try for
the audio book club the CTFxC has every
month please tell me in the comments and
we'll continue this of the rains coming
let's hear it huge thank you to audible
for always sponsoring the CTFxC as i
always say it's one of my favorite
sponsors and I really appreciate keeping
the show going and allowing you guys get
these free books and free trials and
things like that go check it out guys
links down in the description as you can
see everyone is now hanging out
while we listen to the rain and our boys
up d don't tell Ali your thunder it's
okay I got you don't worry about it
buddy Thunder buddies for life it's so
loud it sounds fake my older sister
Amanda from Colorado that you guys saw a
few weeks back is coming in tomorrow to
stay with us so I'm very excited about
that she was gonna be here until sunday
so we're gonna be able to spend time
with her I magar select mother's day
she's also gonna be here obviously for
the engagement party fortunately I don't
think my brother's gonna be here with
his fiancee but that's okay i love them
i still got to see them when i got to
see them what are you doing taking more
layout she doesn't like the boss were
you taking her Oh Marley is a little
frightened by that giant box that
Charles just threw me in hats at least
that we're having a fun day because it's
raining and there's so much should too
it's supposed to be raining right now
that's not hunger for run not really
please please walk no run please please
please the golf cart behind you're like
oh Rockies coach so you'll be my
motivation I'll whip you the whole time
whatever Charles is a big timer wiener
she's gonna go for a run sorry what gave
a thumbs-up you're ready for this comes
up your big result loudly thumbs up he's
really not that lazy guys
just stop lately mm-hmm he's always on
his golf cart that's what he calls ready
all right well I'm gonna leave you
weekend you can oh jesus oh god yeah
that was the wish you're such a bad girl
come on isn't another the football
players earn all right good game look at
them kicked I bought those for Christmas
he's warned him twice nuts I've owned
one tour like a lot look for matching
over that come up with a gun where they
got a week you thank you thank you I
with you yeah baby did you be beautiful
booty babe what is she doing let's go
there are lies
she's avoiding me I just know yeah she
avoided me went over here to lay down so
you're literally getting soaked I
thought you there I don't know what's
funnier that face or that face is
waiting there goes though do you see the
red on her tail right there so you see a
little red hairs thank you guys so much
for watching today's video and we'll see
you guys tomorrow as always goodnight
goodnight mmm she's been doing that all
day alright say hey Joey hey Zoe Zoe soy
Marley Marley Marley say my name say my
name good ammonites and no points to
anybody know what movie that's from
that's what you're singing all right bye
guys good good does it
your other hand
kind of
guided
you
