good glorious afternoon they do it right
take two hey good glorious afternoon
terribly gotta be like good glorious
afternoon their internet we're here
sitting in a moving vehicle Ali's
driving Charles is sitting and guess
what we're going to or where we're going
to we gotta get rid of these mosquitoes
in our backyard we're gonna go to bed
bath and beyond oh if you want see what
Ali did hold on right there I love you
guys can see it oh definitely crap bed
complete crap right I'm just kidding
that was me it was totally me that was
me in my franticness of yesterday's
video if you didn't watch yesterday's
video go watch yesterday's video we
surprised my sister with a new computer
and Ali was in a box with how many
balloons 13 balloons that popped out it
was pretty funny my sister cried made me
cry made Ali cry things only Marley
cried a wonderful video it was a
wonderful day for a wonderful person so
it's my sister deserves she's awesome I
think that you know we we had this very
joking
dimitar right now but honestly it was
awesome it was a lot of fun to do and
like I know how much do you love your
sister how much she appreciates what you
did for herself it's funny because I
remember growing up I hated my sister
she was a little bit now she's cool as
hell I didn't get along great with my
family but now we're all like it's free
hello poop dan no this is uh this is
charles dad is the correct number but
yeah i don't think that puppet man for a
while ago sorry brother all right take
care that was a long I meant I'm not
dance my mom I know she's gonna forward
somebody's actually calling it was at a
conversation with him well she was just
like oh I've been there you know that I
Google guys just have it to me lawton
then they ended up calling back until
the they talked even longer my mom just
makes so nice about it but her mom and
my mom get along so well because they're
the same alley without editing in the
backyard because we finally have that
you know that roof that we installed and
during the morning and the day the
mosquitoes going super crazy the Zika
virus there's dengue Ali's completely
scared of that I'm now scared of the
Zika virus but there's no there's not
here but i'm saying when a mosquito
comes if it's like like post-traumatic
stress syndrome depositos like there's
been a lot of transmittable diseases
that's why i'm saying like the CN crap
yeah so now I'm freaking out because
I've seen what you go through
and it's in the morning so we're going
to go get like this is a / that you can
put around your house and apparently
it's safer than using citronella candles
all over the place I love the smell of
it too because I lemon basically citra
like these do a nice surprise phase well
fifty dollars at nine bucks some park
it's a bargain that bargain deal get it
shaken might have to take it the best
buy in a fixed are we near best buy no
no we return this thing okay so we gotta
return this guy do you have your camera
with you and we lost her okay so we'll
have to switch gear actually try to do
it good job babe pretty thoroughly
to your other hand kind of kind of if
everybody wants to really know I'm not
what we like to do during the week is
come to bed bath and beyond and juggle
things beautiful great job great job
where'd you get that down anything or 30
would you just go
TV out nicely and you're within your 45
days and you have warranties why this is
just a waste of paper a camera that will
look awesome for you guys look at that
little pouch and everything I still know
guys because Charles Shaar rules cracked
the glass on the back of the camera so
out that to italie he dropped it I did
not drop it he dropped it best I was
nice enough to go ahead and switch it
out for us they're actually pretty
amazing i have to give it to bestbuy
because yeah you know we're now huh
ain't no money down yeah they do know
Charles am funny when we're in Sarasota
they really knew Charles and then coming
here they had to get a little bit
adjusted but now they're like oh wow
this kid like I don't know once twice a
month returning something or she needs
that are always like so would you break
now just like a search I know they're
pretty awesome though there's something
really cool it's coming out it's the new
juice of an x mark to ya ever Solomon
check it out the internet because
supposedly the cameras coming out now
are gonna be coming with out there we
gonna put that on there with 4k and I
don't know like do you guys want 4k
vlogs it's really kind of interesting to
think about like when i started the
vlogs we had the like four by three you
know like was like 640 x 48 no not even
was like 640 x 360 that was the
resolution this is the charles like
that's what I started as the 640 x 360
and now they're up to 4k and I didn't
know if 4k was like something that you
guys really want from vlogs so that way
you guys can see all the pimples on her
face all the blemishes and I just think
that's kind of more of an inch hey gonna
cream on your only in 1080 right there
so you can't see anything I mean you
don't have anything I'm so happy then
Charles makes me feel pretty you're
gorgeous you're so sweet he's like you
know what honey make sure you look real
pretty someone to make sure that we put
it in lower quality was a stupid thing
but I really hate the cannon got rid of
new camera time it looks so of the
battery's dying great we're doing other
battery Oh awesome well I'm gonna go
enjoy my food I'll be right back we're
pal we are now friends right there you
go take care of Louis
we're
in the radius
it's so gentle hey Gibby
the
that he's so happy
gippy gives no craps at all
so apparently that's girl's name is
gimpy I heard that so when we go so when
we come back here we have to see Gibby
look at he's this chillin right there I
told Charles before we walked in did
2015 like I couldn't tell if I was
hungry of like my stomach hurting like I
sorry me unlike me my stomach hurts and
he's like it's cuz you ate all that and
I said obviously we weren't listening to
me when I tied into getting that my
stomach hurt he goes hard that guys
remember this classic video
chasing a squirrel that's a classic all
right man I'm loving how clean this lens
is usually I'd like dust and particles
and Marla hair all behind the lens where
I can't get to right now I got 15 vision
I've never heard of this wonderful sweet
doesn't say in the description that's a
no just says add a colorful spark so Ali
and I think we're gonna try to do our
own garden okay no laughing for all
those who know that we kill plants
immediately actually they've been doing
pretty well the ones in the front yard
they're still alive and in the backyard
and the backyard that stupid orchid
still alive once we stop paying
attention when they grow internet what
do you think he's pretty cool looking
love the texture of them I think we
should get some of these look at auto
focus that auto focus is so much better
look at that so we got one of these
little guys to hopefully get rid of all
the stupid mosquitoes now well it's
starting to look pretty nice out here
now get the table I'm just working
against that stupid thing because once
that starts praying everything's can
probably get wet it's a race against the
clock right now he's literally found
this for cooking for sent off by the way
between Ali and I we're pretty freakin
good at bargain shopping finding good
deals like that looks great this way to
me extra parts so we finally got learned
furniture guys now here with our dilemma
uh we just have a sprinklers running and
they were like spring all over obviously
you can kind of see it on this T you
fixed it Bob taught me when he came here
the other day time to have a fix
everything thanks Bob looks awesome
though honey you did a great job I feel
really really wonderful toys about the
fact that we've finally made this an
actual space where people can come
and sit I think like a flashback to like
what this was what it is now he's
gusting floor it wasn't terrible Scott I
was boring and then this was just
raining lyst son but now we got a nice
little it's actually great now I'm
thinking of all right guys thank you so
much for watching today's video if you
are brand-new to the videos if you just
stumbled upon us don't forget to click
the subscribe button we make videos
every single day in fact I honestly
can't believe we're in a couple days now
into your eighth and if you haven't seen
a year 7 montage you can click the air
somewhere on the screen and link down
their description its kind of reliving
some of the best years of your 7 and I
will see you tomorrow boys oh good night
bye guys losing Vicki Kraft
