good morning guys and holy Shh welcome
to your eighth this is how we're
starting gloomy gloomy day trying to go
home alright so the video I know
hello what well about it
a big announcement but
francisco has decided to be a part of
the vlogs a part of the camera it's true
because then guessed already this is
Francois Francisco or Francois Charles
plosser is here
slow clap normal a fight one man chef do
this we put everything into airplane
mode what the hell is going on that's
just a robot
almost home and I'm just gonna hope that
my bass got on the freakin plane see you
we're so II missed you mmm okay now
you're gonna have to put that on mute
and I'm gonna use headphones I'm gonna
take a nap
momma's got my feet these will have my
feet
apparently you know like with Zooey
opens her mouth that goes like R and
then Marley sticks her face in her mouth
I guess she's starting to do with diesel
he's starting to get the idea of what
that was because at first he was like
what the hell's business now she's like
he's allowing Marley's face in his mouth
hey no argument hey chick chick chick
chick chick chick you're Marley like I'm
over it good bed
obviously I'm up right now hey Mark she
keeps following me around like
everywhere I go watch you over here the
head news
I saw this rose with Roman and Brittany
we were talking about actually talking
about this it's called tiny food it's
from Japan and their baby burgers and
french fries and soda and cheese and
ketchup and everything I got three of
them because they're really the size of
a quarter first day I'm you're a torch I
am so proud to be a part of
I'm so proud I'm Charles I'm so proud of
the CTFxC I'm so excited for all of this
to be happening and I can't believe it
eight years I I just it blows my mind
that he has been dedicated to this for
eight full years for those of you
watching him and dedicated for I don't
even care with spindle all the time one
year six months five years whatever it
may be you guys have sat there and
dedicated yourself to sticking around
with us and becoming part of this huge
family so you need to also give yourself
a big pat on the back my whole reason
for this rant is it's amazing this is
like a pivotal point this is eight years
of vlogging and guess where Charles is
I'll give you one guess just wink it's
yep
so that's what I get for coming back to
the future so much present Hey hi Maile
simplified simple god
yeah music how do you stop that song my
reactions there's a delay yeah it's
totally for the other day you remember
the other day when you spit water on me
yeah that's right and that was on camera
that's why I didn't do it
so that was for that the other day
oh that's why you're doing asshole honey
you look a little sweaty
you realize now we're not Ian I gotta
help him babe look babe where's this go
you want it hey nobody but the thing is
do people really actually like cupcakes
I think up case here disaster they're
gross
I hate frosting I think that's what it
is
frosting this tastes like crap let's do
it many muffins for our tiny food
what it's a jellyfish
donating it's fun well that was
anti-climatic guys want to see our brand
new truck we decided to get rid of the
SUV we wanted something with a hammy I'm
just kidding we just bought patio
furniture for the backyard finally and
it doesn't fit in the car so we are
renting a truck just wait I wanna hear
what it sounds like just wait two
seconds okay I think you're one of those
for the golf cart right there that's
nothing
it'd be amazing oh here something
smaller that's a nice one hey Neda
that's a good horn see I hate those cars
that are really big and burly but the
horns like my car is the funniest it's
not even a Hornet
I would love for it to be this big burly
noise like a fog fog horn so what I got
in here
AM FM
when you feel like we should have like
Italian and different trucks that we've
had a vehicle similar I feel like the
best one though is the army tank guys
remember when I drove the RV tank Nash
I sent it away I was our third trip back
we forgot our receipt last time the car
wasn't big enough the first time good
together babe get together alright you
get that side don't do it again do not
do it Charles recreate so Charles please
I don't want you to recreate it I was
over here so first off this is like the
we bought lawn furniture and we were
trying to get it out push it down and I
hit the hitch push it down but it fell
too quick and that was like right here
and then Oh here but he literally fell
the entire way now oh my god things I on
camera never know all right what the
things that are funny that are not ugly
what things that are funny things that
happened that are not spontaneous
moments in life or never filmed Oh Roger
this is just an amazing box I feel
really stupid and bad I'll just throwing
away without at least a day of playing
around with it because I'm still a kid
at heart
all my problems I can't get it in the
house it's a little big this may be one
of the cutest things I've ever seen
all right you ready to do a spread let's
make a little burgers fries and some
soda this is the problem the directions
that might be the issue well this is Nia
burger
they call it judge' pan they call it
Hamburg it's not hamburgers is Hamburg a
joke no it's actually serious really I'm
being serious
that's probably the prize no there's
gonna be the cheese there's no
artificial colors or preservatives you
actually need the back that you just
crumbled french fries case and that's
the little flags it's pretty funny how
not funny
you don't fish in it is yeah I'm so used
to throwing this guards garbage or a
little french fry it's gonna be smaller
than I actually thought is gonna be holy
crap this smell like a french fry all
right just a perspective shot that's
Ally's thumb all right let's make some
potatoes
give it at 30 volts that's not going to
work we really have a cookie show I just
go in and pull them out somebody's in
the background oh wow
you're fine that's crazy
so we got our french fries I was making
the hamburger the craziest thing I've
ever done
I love like fun and unique definitely
just might take the cake
no this is awesome oh my gosh there's a
little baby fries making that cheese
taking that cheese making that cheese
we're on the ketchup now so this is to
little sis cups where these are like two
little microscopic cups wizar stir and
it made that cheese from scratch so
weird I mean like playing these together
I feel like because Capri and how small
it is but it's so dang good Helen this
is actually pretty freakin annoying we
have around us it's not annoying it's
like time consuming like we could have
made we could make a freaking fantastic
girls yeah a little ketchup on there
nothing is still done what's the fastest
busy flats that I've ever seen in my
entire life
there we go their meal and there it is
cemani meal here's a perspective shot
that helps you Paul is this didn't eat
it all like that you should eat it you
eat a burger just do it respective shots
alleys ring that's out tiny these
burgers are right now it's like the size
of a thumb print it's so crazy
they're so dainty all right so I do you
one you can do one for the fries first
honest thing as they taste weird it's
like a French bag growing in form or so
I'm assuming what takes where did the
ketchup for the food types like ketchup
the great it's like you hear it crunchy
there's like a weird undercooked thing
do you need a severe setup you know to
wash on your fries soda that's flat soda
all right now welcome to burger try to
eat it
what are you're not putting it all on
your mouth looks really gross oh is it
your back
you look so confused I was really
confused surprised you got fried a
little bit so he's gotta eat it
otherwise you get a dissected house a
Hamburg there's a good hamburger is
interesting it's not terrible though I
would eat tonight
I'm full full I mean it's not terrible
but it's definitely uh
something about making your knee
dag powder hey babe one less thing I
wanted to say congratulations on eight
years this is awesome congratulations to
you and you can make the mercy-seat of
XE actually I'm gonna blow it out thank
you so much for eight freakin years and
this is this is all you guys I want to
end today's vlog on a little birthday
wish so I'll see you guys tomorrow
