21 to purchase Gibson is 355 you're
saying to the other local time is too
late for whatever you need to be there
for ya the show yeah this is the first
time I've ever done this too I feel like
such a jackass ok and so if I fit we can
either be on standby and completely
clear I try to get you something like 2
12 45 departure is there ok I had a
question is there any airports close to
Charlottesville so the first time in my
freaking life ever I've never done it
I've come close I think I may have
missed my flight for the show today I
did miss my flight this is I've never
ever ever done this and we're flying to
an airport a bit smaller than like part
of my backyard like such a jackass right
now
I tried to fly out like we fly out of
Sarasota could fly out Orlando nothing
would give me until like 9pm all right
I'm sorry with all types of the carrier
postseason 734 dollars would be be
additional off okay and is that the
cheapest one and it's how much was it
700 well got a new plane fare for
sniffing get rid of the starbucks Ali's
gonna your bed just got to the airport
managed switch my flight cost some money
welcome loop still be at the show not to
miss the show Hank I cookies that was
literally the first time in five or six
years Tory McMahon that I've ever missed
a flight always come close I've never
actually miss practicum funny things
aren't looking all down my other plan I
didn't actually get upgraded its scent
on that head
national plan actually I could have a
shout out to the CM exterior house is
getting on a plane
stop me sorry could get you the videos
but very nice
okay so here's the deal then picnic out
of the plane and though the phone dying
so I just had to go by cable so fast I
didn't have a phone in charge of the
first time today i think i'm up taking
train rides right now so we are as it's
your beach devin and i am feeling of
years max we're terrible didn't even
actually like get on that scoreboard
over there with that bad right now they
just did the youth and everybody's
playing in 45 I'm gonna got 32 32 good
right now that's good that's good we
agree with what's up
you
to be the first one on this plane that's
actually the first time that's ever
happened ever I think
I don't know why I was so intrigued this
was this swatter all in one place little
things I want to use my house of that
now so Anisha and I have actually left
the event because it's so bloody hot Sun
and I had to go home and took his dogs
and Devin and her boyfriend are gonna
come and meet up with us a little bit
later but it was actually very cool we
didn't get stayed till the end people
are still checking in and weighing in
all their fish like a couple hours for
the week line definitely a couple of
hours ok so now this makes sense why I
was so hard to get here this Airport if
you literally like this Airport if
you're literally like sneeze or just
blink you walk past everything that you
need to do like I just I literally was
on my phone just check for a car and I
walked past the exit I walked out a
complete opposite side of the airport
which is right there when we leave
tomorrow morning which is in less than
18 hours for me just to be in and out
anyway so i got to get all the way up
where the guys are for the show i have
silly for 40 which is good the shows and
for us to play until like eight or
something like that so i should be good
it's been one of those days though it is
the worst travel day I've ever had just
because of a freaking moron I honestly
can't believe I did this but I'm
actually here at the school I made it i
frickin made it now the hard part try to
find the guys what building do you think
it is what building
hey there snacks hi I made it everyone's
sooo sleepy yeah we've been up shit I'd
with my Semel 15 this morning this is
the worst part I was up I still miss the
flight so that way had to like kind of
do the whole that up till like four
o'clock but I feel like 730 when I miss
my flight come here break the rules
is that Danny's new high hat this is
have like a katana here it's cool though
it's a French wall and I were taking
these photos for warped tour and I saw
this containers two cell phones and
naturally I had to stick my hand in
there I think people are mistaken this
does a trash can
brother raced across the country I'll
kill harmony so you got fifty dollars
riding easy now oh hell I won the
ricochet hey yo since I score won't you
take this one what no really I'm back
home I Devon and her boyfriend actually
stay down a little bit I'm a little
tired I wanted to make sure that can
come home and take a nap before I go and
hang out with her for those of you who
do not know Devon is one of my best
friends in the world I've known her my
entire life she lives in orlando now so
i actually don't get just here as much
as I normally do so she came down with
her boyfriend Brian and we went to this
place called it kingfish tournament
which is something that's kind of big
out on in Pinellas County it's like a
pedir beach redington beach area and
basically it's a big fishing tournament
and Devin and I actually entered into
this tournament a few years ago as in
the female division we did so bad we
were so terrible we're embarrassing like
we actually walked up on stage had them
where fish and we thought thing we're
gonna take like pictures of it's like oh
wow they did so good we did terrible I
feel like we might have actually gotten
the last place but anyways so we went
there today there's a lot a lot of fun
uh it actually lasts until about eleven
o'clock at night so we didn't actually
get to see the very end of it
I could drive these things pretty well
all right can I Drive sure oh he's
driving you're actually gonna go walk I
can actually do golf carts come on in
bro are we in now she's got the key
who's got the key usually it's three in
the back I didn't really give her a
choice hey I think you got pressed
forward just a couple of guys something
within oh my god yeah I mess that up our
drove I would have known that already
yeah sure isn't with you oh sorry BRR
how are you got a short sleeve shirt not
that bad what's your name I'll get one F
on this okay you got this sears got it
Mickey I didn't wow that would be good
those very feels like a polite are we
literally just taking a golf cart across
the street no we're going to the back
but yet it's just good even us no but
you guys are super freaking lazy Jack
minute there we go again I'm not driving
you wouldn't let me drive that's why
we're hitting things porsche rat hole in
the street and lets out a moment of
silence for the trouble navigating ha
alrighty sure of riv it's our egg oh she
running what are you running from hey
shut that girl she stole my purse he's
running yeah I feel really warm right
now cuz you're the hero to a middle or
is that you're in the mood of
and what are the chores the peanut
butter are you pretty very good eat
right Tokyo Drift I can drift mind okay
right through the shrubs okay I ever on
camera huh is that bad
I know where's your hand does it yeah I
told her that we could like pretend like
she was driving i put my arms around
sorry Francois oh you're good sorry
Kristoff just happen Oh Carlo BOS Kashi
sorry for soft sorry Francois huh game
see anything let me turn the lights off
well type
type line
actually better it's like it really is
better
better what you guys know the deal just
got to the hotel and we get a couple
hours of sleep but here's the here's the
kicker okay so at the end of this video
right now what you're seeing the year 7
montage it's finally up so that means
today's last day of year 7 and tomorrow
the first day of your eight of these
videos on the CTFxC so make sure to
click right here on the screen where it
is mcdonough description go check out
your sevens montage and let's keep doing
this guy's I'll see you guys on your ad
tomorrow hi guys give you some time to
clicking I'm gonna be able to everyone's
we'll wait right all right I'll see your
fall like my hair miss birdy feel
confused traffic Kelly
I just wanted I wanted your little more
forgiving goblins I didn't read that the
trick get women do go over there
