hey is one of those days I feel like
doing absolutely nothing where I just
want to sleep and watch TV and not
remove my body from this couch I am
finally I feel like char like I'm
finally feeling the effects of all the
traveling and craziness over the past
couple of days because it show oh hey
and I just don't want to do anything but
then there's that part of me to that
feels so guilty where I'm like I'm just
losing my day away and I am not doing
anything productive which is just like I
said a waste of my day so I'm kind of
having this dilemma right now is to
whether or not I want to get up and do
something ever just when I continue
laying here one of those people that I
kind of get a little bit annoyed when I
just like sit around and I do nothing
and then I feel guilty my mind my body
everything goes through a million things
and can't figure out what it wants to do
but i don't know how many of you guys
ever had those days we just want to do
absolutely nothing even though it's
beautiful outside and you know that you
should Charles Charles Charles
are you
doing laundry at least he's doing
something we are however gonna go and
have like a late lunch with my mom
around like 430 a my sister um and i did
get my haircut which is good i got some
work done and some emails down and
things of that sort but I just really
want to do anything I'm just so tired I
want to be like a dog you just sleep all
day are you doing attempting to be pack
just before packing again the Walker oh
no honey do you like my hair I think
it's pretty feel confused which I think
Howie issues that was just wanted was
one in Illinois at the giving
compliments hmm I did the trick get the
Trish get women do you like my hair and
just go to cut how much you know quarter
video I didn't even ask you what just
got so I like got my hair I had heard am
I have something in my ass ah so I got
my hair like trend i only got an inch
off but the way geneva styles that I
look I feel like I look stupid flat so i
asked Charles's did you like my haircut
he looked at me like an idiot like what
yeah you got your hair cut oh good yeah
yeah I sing it I just think about my
look yeah it looks so good look at it
look nice oh I see it I see inches
interest are missing that's my favorite
thing is when like whenever I go to
Charles when I'm like hey how did you
like my new outfit or do you like my
hair just my makeup look okay when the
others makes the same face which is like
a yeah it's great I like it yeah yeah
it's not all diesel don't you dare all
right diesel I was trying to defend you
but yeah you are kind of making yourself
look a little guilty there buddy son of
a bitch
this is a nice freaking hot day we went
for a walk it's like 97 degrees right
now that's kind of hard to say that it's
nice but it is really nice it is we got
some Zoey vlogging right now diesel is
peeing on everything we should put it on
him see if he can film we should do
diesel cam what if he'd be like so crazy
though
diesels getting fitted right they have
to tighten it
watch out for all the duck poop
it's something we came by to my Brahms
friends already checked it out in
caitlin's care child care too much can't
shake her she's always around I know I
kind of want her here anymore like
attached to get out of here that's not
count I love you my mom was sitting
right there was you wanna grab her
friend yeah hanging out on the beach
today for being tired we're actually
doing a lot of thing yeah I guess what
else I just gotta keep going otherwise
they're gonna guess whoa true true a
tightrope ashtray we go look at some
carpet hardwood ceramic final area rugs
and more that is the lamest thing I've
ever said you heard you say we can go
look at some carpet babe maybe some
vinyl you know I mean if we have time we
might even be able to look at hardwoods
maybe some area rug what about ceramic
and more baby I know it might be
something like that it could be a crazy
afternoon for it I don't think I can
help I can't handle handle that's too
much I gotta pack the second I get back
to the house and get ready for a show
playing a virgin like Virginia yeah hold
on let me tell you like the little play
yes we are playing at bridgewater
college kenya and virginia no but
virginia playing in virginia so here's
the dilemma please let me see tour
glasses let's see where to find glasses
of Travis doesn't freaking blind again
since we already know advises Missy turn
let me see that same glasses that I
always have I like those
this
I think I like the black better it's
different cuz they're smaller lenses
what you normally wear but i like them
since right sunglasses are broken right
now trying to find some sunglasses that
i can bring for warp tour and so this is
a funny little thing I always I don't
know if I actually say this is locked
Travis always seems to get my glasses
sunglasses i get so every time I like on
the faucet to Travis you are you do get
it from him it's true i'ma try
apparently a trendsetter Travis is like
my style it's pork and pork doing huh
how are sparking fork well I was Gary Oh
Gary Gary look at these moving which
ones Gary I don't know what vision
hearing that big go on bigger ones Gary
we're still looking for names guys I
look out there so happy no brainers what
you need to do pack I'm not packing for
you this time not really do it praise
the internet know that that I always
pack for you internet now you know I
always pack for him it's true cuz when I
do things I roll I do the roll I don't
know you throw I do throw let's be
honest no hold tight you throw you don't
roll you throw because he's life he's
right those throws I'm not like you I do
throw the reason why I throws because I
go just throw if you wanna blow the
suitcase I'll take care of it like all
right I stay after I see how
terrible he is packed his clothes where
he's gonna be pissed off because they're
all wrinkled then I said you know what
just just throw it in there because I'm
gonna free back it anyways true
correction my friend correction so
tomorrow's the show in Virginia like I
was saying then sunday will actually be
made first two thousand sixteen thousand
fifteen which will be year eight of the
CTFxC and I have this special little
thing in here one little thing we're
going to do on the year eight started
yet I have three of this one
thing and we're going to do this on
sunday and it's taking on all my courage
and all my might not to bring this out
and do this today but I wanted to save
this for the year a king of the seven
comes to a conclusion so that means we
have the Year seven montage that will
kick off your ate a lot of crazy stuff
but Sunday don't go crazy don't go crazy
you're so excited oh my gosh you're so
excited look how exciting if you are oh
my god you're so excited to see your
separate suzl back the thing up worry no
no no no no beware he's done we have are
you ready here right Griffin you're
right Marley are you ready for your
eight symbol is all right did you belly
no calm down everybody calm down calm
down you calm down so tomorrow shows
just a one-off and i'll be back sunday
it like i said 45 times so just kind of
pack up just basically two shirts maybe
or something simple like that and yeah
so simple packing i will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
guys bye thanks for watching chip
Wow
you
