good morning guys so it is the 22nd so
that means there's five days until the
hometown show and we're actually I don't
know if you guys know this hometown show
I'll put a link in the description it is
a free show we do it every year you guys
have seen it if you've been watching
these videos for a very long time
it's always one of the best shows that
we ever have because it's always friends
and family and it tells just I want to
call it a debauchery but like the
debauchery and the best way possible cuz
it's just a giant party
if you guys are coming you're gonna hear
finally for the first time ever play
festival music if you guys didn't hear
that song is the new song release it was
about a month ago but it'll be the first
time we've ever played it so I've been
kind of rehearsing it like right now
because we've never played alive and if
you heard the bass line in the song it
there's a lot going on so I'm gonna show
you guys if you can want you guys play
bass I'm gonna show you guys how to play
this song for everyone else I hope you
just like the song so we're just gonna
we're gonna do this for a first part of
the video
that was a fun way to start the video I
love you blast why I don't play bass in
the videos and I just honestly I just
don't remember to do it like I'm always
practicing and then like I just get
focused and I don't remember to bring
out the camera sorry I just got to show
you guys this Marlee wants to do this so
bad
Hey you better not go in there so why we
have a lid on there today has been one
of the most annoying days for me because
it's the end of the month end of the
year so that means bills galore so I
just been paying I don't know how many
insurance bills like lawn bills the
stupid things like that all at once it's
great I think the worst part honestly is
the fact that I haven't pay all these
HOA fees in the house selling next year
so I have to pay for all next year I
think that's because we just barely made
it
ah growing up life I definitely
understand now as a kid why my parents
would just hate paying bills
one thing I always do is I would always
sneak putting the air conditioning down
to like 70 something I remember my
parents were always freaked out and
they'd be like you know how much this is
no I just want a cold in the house so
now that I can control my own house I
now realize how stupid that is realized
that for all my hard work Ali's telling
me right now I guess it was just kind of
ignoring it because I didn't want to
know that the lights are not working now
you're full of crap do you think I would
just say that I was just gonna say I
freaking hate growing up there's all
these stupid nuances that you got to get
stuck in there doing like I just I don't
know I told you guys some some things
anyway
do you like growing up do you hate it I
hate it like pros and cons I feel like I
liked it up until
and give you whatever you don't want but
you have to do all these other things
what do you guys think do you guys hate
growing up or do you guys like it
like the idea of growing up stresses now
it's very stressful for me tape I have
an idea of what to get everybody now you
know it's really stressful too what is
so gross he was like I'm just gonna
forewarn you it's gonna smell morally
but farted
and it was so disgusting we were sucking
around like out all this I was pushed
around the room days almost gone and now
with Christmas right around the corner
literally in a couple days it's like
almost impossible to get everything done
on top of getting all the Christmas
stuff done nerd rocks coming tomorrow
morning I'll be completely honest guys
holidays just stressed the hell out of
me that's why actually Al and I were
talking about next next holidays next
holiday season like for Christmas and
stuff we're just gonna go get an Airbnb
in the mountains and just just hide from
everything and just that way maybe it
won't be so chaotic and stressful
because between both of us we're about
to explode it's not that like we ain't
necessarily doing peace for the holidays
it's more of the fact that it's just
like incredibly it's just it's just a
lot to do a lot to like organize a lot
to just get done and it's just sometimes
just very overwhelming and I'm sure a
lot of you guys can relate to exactly
what I'm talking about and kind of comes
around to low standard earlier just you
know what it was so much easier when I
was a kid it's just I hate Girling up it
was amazing how quickly today like
slipped by for the both of us when I was
at my mom's house sorry guys I have been
sneezing like a crazy person
I better not be getting a gold is using
like crazy that's why my nose is all red
I got so caught up like being with my
brother and my sister and getting this
floor done you know our soups so
important that's such an important thing
to do that I kind of I just didn't pick
up the camera and it's a weird
charnot to not like pick up the camera
and not do what we're supposed to do
well if don't like it just sometimes it
just gets so stressful yeah just like it
does please believe me we are not
completely well you know what we are
complaining I'm not even gonna lie I'm
totally complaining right now today just
I think everything was going by so fast
it's like there isn't enough hours in
the day and we realize like holy crap
it's already saved o'clock at night
we have been so preoccupied with
everything else that we're not even
paying attention to the backpack we have
a job to do totally overwhelmed I you
know when I'm overwhelmed to win like my
hair's like this I no makeup on and I
look like a straight-up lunatic I need
to fix my hair I looked really really
crazy but I will tell you this I'm super
excited nerves in town tomorrow also I
finally finished all of my Christmas
shopping finally now that that's done
we're gonna get everything wrapped which
we have to wrap everything which is
gonna suck I notice that I'm like so bad
in it so we're back to back right now
we're doing some of our Skype calls
twice a night put the bunch of the
patreon group individuals okay so a
little story this is Johnny's from
Seattle got a bit was a good day I
announced that was cancer-free okay
after like a year he got this tattoo
right here and it's a CTFxC and that
here's a fun story like the day he got
it he came to was a lose vloggerfair was
was it the day after dancer right so
like I ended up touching it and then Ali
yelled at me I did yell at him I said
Charles like it's a new tattoo don't do
that okay I was finishing up all the
wrapping Ali and I decided this year we
weren't gonna get each other presents we
were just taking the money and donating
it and just giving it to somebody else
cuz like she said that we got everything
that we needed from our wedding it just
makes more sense so we've been using all
the extra money for everybody else
looting them it does actually feel nice
D you dead
Yeah right there bud passed out as you
can tell she's
sleeping with her Superman stuff oh
there you are that's funny
you up here now this is your spot you
can actually play rough with her she
actually likes playing rough like with
the dogs like you just go like this Pat
her on the butt and everything you
turned into a pretty cool cat there
reeked but the white lights I'm gonna
put him like right up there or something
when we first moved in we try to do
those like cafe lights over here and we
tried so hard and it just kept failing
every time there was a gust of wind so
Ali had this idea diesel he sees the
shadow so we decided our ally decided
that it'd be smarter to just put it like
this but with white lights
fortunately we ran out of lights well
because the other ones are only like 18
feet long and these ones were almost 30
so that was fiction later so here's the
thing my buddy Jake you know made a
taper a drummer he just sent us a tweet
from Phil Collins if you play at 11:56
with 40 11:56 p.m. 40 seconds in the air
tonight when the drum kicks in you know
the dududududududu that I continually
somehow I mean in the air that song
great when the drums the drum intro
whatever you want to break down break
when that hits if you do that it'll
start radon the strike of the new year
so I'm actually gonna test it right now
for 10 p.m. just to see if it works we
have three minutes
obviously it's building up for the new
year guys this is all brought into
practice three two one happy new year
so it's 1156 not 1156 or forty seconds
so correction I think anyway so it's not
11:56 forty 1156 twenty you look like an
old lady right now that's what looks
like when you get older what little
tension formerly we're ignoring you
completely losing my mind tonight we're
gonna see how many annoying noises that
I can make AB this right here before
Charles freaks out place your bets
I'm gonna go with like maybe like 20
noises I think
under bite or an overbite bite you
that's for the cat dude today it's been
a interesting day I hope you enjoyed it
I hope you guys learn how to play that
song and I hope to see you guys at the
home town show but before we leave I
have to give the shout out to some of
the CTFxC plus patron people oh by the
way I added a couple new things to the
reward section so you can go check that
out link in the description but I just
want to say thank you to a couple people
right now this is Mike Kemp
Ryan England Caitlyn Tobin Diane
Robertson and Emil Matsumoto alright so
well I'll see you guys tomorrow and
thank you guys for being part of the the
CTFxC patreon group have a good night
guys
