I'm look at home where's the other wanna
that there is three i know i got to
first to make sure i can do this and
they don't get this one very far well
now that is echo baiting oh you're so
pretty I have to get a haircut today is
you guys for I can tell here you go nuts
and we haven't uploaded the blog yet so
make sure to do that I'm crap
what yeah hotspot forgot to switch to
part out since the other card so that
means
a pip activated without internet
supplying the internet
this is any sense this is sexiest hat
I've ever seen
do you too far this is my sexy you're a
insightful looking flat all you looking
flat am I looking fly guys like a white
guy or you looking fly I had to make
sure it was like cut a little bit
smaller on the sides because shorty are
you shorter because Ali always like the
mess with me when i get so long she
grabs it and twist it and put it in the
care tax whatever so are our girl that
does it Geneva so I was like just make
sure it's a little bit short so where
you can't put ponytails in it like
crappy ponytails or rat tails today I
think Trey's with a egg everything is
hit me know what about you like how you
super today I'm pretty tired I think why
I'm pretty tired those we have people
over yesterday hows it too bad but you
know you're just still kind of balance
like entertaining and I think that what
do you think that stage anymore but you
don't have think that's a crash data I
think it's a crash day and then are you
thinking ab a look at that you can see
the little I'm getting eaten alive by
bugs dengue dengue there are jellyfish
came today to her soul life I hope I
still like this
if you killed jellyfish the things that
don't even have a brain don't make fun
I'm Gary and stove are very intelligent
so to make sure we have the best
jellyfish names I want you guys in the
comments give us three amazing jellyfish
names and maybe we'll rename them to one
of the ones that you guys because we
have Ted the puffer fish which I believe
you guys may named and then that was
Larry the lobster which was lost I was
Travis is naming and oh maybe I named
Ted I drone is Barbara I think one
jellyfish needs to be named Gary though
all right just one of them list well we
have to so so we have to well we're
gonna get three ones like once these to
get Apple coming echo what's these guys
get moved in we'll bring in a new
roommate
it's kind of like the new girl with
jellyfish kind of like the new girl
we tell if this
you know like like two dudes are hanging
out to complete before but to do is that
are hanging out and they put na doubt
they didn't want a new roommate what the
fuck cuddly how do you call for
jellyfish is my other favorite female I
don't bee sting I don't know but we're
not gonna terrorize self-regulatory fear
and I want to see like I think it is so
amazing that we have jellyfish but I
just want them to be happy I do you know
I used to cry so hard like I remember
one time I fighting fish for my betta
fish died and I was devastated what was
your mama so nice my mom was so good I
one of us replace the value now against
no one of them I'm pretty possibly flush
down the toilet but the other one she
liked released somewhere else she's such
a annalee but which I don't believe no
betta fish would die immediately well
then she's an evil mother she murdered
it never my mom is such a how the peach
no stupid winners gone we can actually
get some nice stuff for the outside you
like that so now that we're home for a
little bit more than a day we're finally
gonna try to nail down our lawn or a
landscape because we killed it at the
other house and then you know we put on
the market so these are the ones closest
to the house we have music a house today
and they're not doing so well so we need
to do something really cool I say get
these giant trees make them into giant
penises let's get two of these and put
one of those in the middle
Alec all we'd have to do is to this one
I'm gonna head us or something while
there's Charles Wow would it be good oh
yeah so good aren't you looking for
green ones these are cheap oh go for the
cheap ones I guess it's true carry these
yep these are you oh then I guess that
you want some knows you make you do all
the work okay all right so we're gonna
try to make this look lot nicer and zoey
is the only one that we can trust behave
says oh yes you guys obviously just
walks away what's up got hangout shirt
digging harsha get Marley for the diggin
help or else though thank you thank you
the aunt was just trying to bite the
camera stupid ass at all right let's get
the work look
big old worm
so you went to a warm look like she
doesn't like the more you don't like the
worm oh no it's on your foot you want
you to worm
weird it'll work you said they're good
ah touch my tongue
so it's funny as a kid I was completely
convinced if I dug a hole that I was
gonna finally a dinosaur bone really
yeah just like in a random hole she's
like doing this and somebody's dark I
was convinced I was fine I thought a
crazy fun once yeah human could be where
my parents lived it was kind of like
that like a hunting area so thing is
maybe was an animal or something or was
it human
won't play it down you plan down come
good jobs are you doing great job if
you're wondering what happened to diesel
and Marley basically if you've been
watching the videos long enough you
could probably already figure out why
Zoe's out here Tamar leading diesel or
not
that's not a snake guys it's a wire
I know it looked like a fake
next step of the day gotta do this again
cuz you guys got all stinky huh is it
really that hot I'm not hot I don't
trust Ali so I turned off the water so
she can only has residuals right now
was thinking and what am I
are you that cold what's going on with
you if reason is like a little taun taun
thank you should I section you are
shaking like a little look at her he's
faking it yeah she's like Luke Skywalker
like opening up a time time how warm you
are not oh stop it mount competitor crew
she needs your attention apparently my
attention little taun taun
what up dead thank you done just the
coolest thing you see our pitch look
I'll have this one's really happy about
Graham the scream how did you guys see
our jellyfish are currently eating right
now oh he's a happy one is that one Gary
is a big and Gary yeah that one's gay
any of the big ones beginning so we
still gotta come up with a name for the
small one it'll go no get so happy look
at me like I'm hungry got some scrape
like a party for him so crazy they're so
beautiful honestly I wasn't sure that I
was gonna really be go know about having
the jellyfish tank her do this but they
are so magical oh my god that looks so
cool when it's like going to like for
aquarium so pretty all of this is in
this tank right now these little pieces
of shrimp and thats well Roy called
Brian that's what they eat so if you can
see it gathering up all the shrimp some
cool isn't it I love the way they move
you
it's like a thoughtless so beautiful
you
when I was a kid my sister and I were
throwing ice at each other because we
just had ice in the cooler and I
remember an ice cube was on the ground
and I picked it up one time and I threw
that was huh cuz I'm a nice brother and
then the second time i picked up an ice
cube it turned out it was not an ice
cube it was one of these dudes where's
it go so it's digesting this stuff but
we're going to digest it like it's clear
what does it go there's something
fascinating you know and press the sea
and learn about I think it's actually
really cool what made you want to get
jellyfish is that our sector except I
wasn't out that doesn't mean am I gonna
get it oh yeah where we gonna put that
on the kitchen counter to look at all
the food in his belly I think oh really
okay wherever hi this is terrible i
really don't know much about them i
guess this is our way of learning
Oh
or into it
I want to don't try this at home but you
guys tried
