I love how you ask if I want to get shot
at are you nuts
that is not a chicken wing Zoey there's
not a chicken wing you're looking so
scruffy maybe Oh scruffy I don't have
you guys have noticed Zoey's little back
because she's been so edgy lately
she's been itching them and biting it to
her like so much it was very genus
anyway they show my scruffy you are so
look who's here it's smelling done
they're gonna hang out with us today the
others Charlie nobody I'll stay over
there yeah I said that Beyonce get it my
Bey beyond we have beaches everywhere
you're in Florida it's not Orlando
though Orlando Orlando on that note you
go we're gonna hang out we're taking
Beach Toro
yeah
Oh Marley has to do is his fake being
cold and shivering a little bit and then
she goes against the hairdryer because
she wants it on high there you go we
take this so we checked into our
favourites but look I'm good that looks
some best plates a condo so good okay
these are like these world-famous
amazing soup potato fries I'm having a
moment I know they're amazing right I
know it but I can't I told you we
weren't kidding it's amazing but yeah
there you go that's what you needed
actually amazing right I know we take
everybody here yeah
I don't really give anybody an option
whenever they come in in town and boy
it's like hey I was the best restaurant
that we're gonna go to and I feel kinda
selfish me good thing always choose it
because I like but hey you look
satisfied you look set up I know every
wearing yes that's all I wanted was you
that's all I wanted for you yeah super
cool yeah yeah but I don't trust riding
a bike with you yeah is that bad really
hard to do Danny I did that once and uh
very cool prisoner front controls it
yeah and then the back of you is kind of
balancing it's actually very hard to do
I just learned how to ride a bike this
year you do really oh my gosh that's
crazy stupid I was nine when I'm gonna
stop Jennifer God we went to Amsterdam
and like Fallon you can do it come on
sig no let duty of the Ring a bike like
you could do it felon that's the place
to do it to in Amsterdam
hey char would purposely fall over
though I feel like you would like
training wheels that's alright you you
embrace those training wheels so our
friends doe tan and Fallon came today to
hang out for a little bit and then they
get a fly out tomorrow morning super
early you're so exhausted and they're so
dust they travel more than I think we do
to be honest with us yeah I honestly
know tans that guy oils you know he
plays piano all over the world and like
just random places like the
set up a piano and you start playing so
he I think he honestly travels more than
I do
it's like some sort of fact that's like
for X amount of minutes or hours that
you don't sleep is equivalent to being
drunk which is pretty crazy anything I
didn't know about that that's kind of a
crazy fact if you think about it sorry I
think I think if you were to stamp for
40 hours it's like being like super
drunk I don't know you probably can
google it and play doctor Google
probably could tell you better than I
could what have you guys in the comments
that pissed off that wasn't sleeping
enough he sent me that so I cleared out
the bus I forgot about this I couldn't
fit in my backpack okay what is this is
a broom I decided to bring dowton and
Fallon to one of the most wonderful most
glorious places in Florida like our
amusement park that looks gorgeous on
you and Vince yeah Oh
beautiful got to sure he's gonna get one
too oh yeah there you go
looks like a pretty pretty princess
they got the hands up no sites a felony
I go let's go away cover neighbors like
here for nothing my turn
good guard dogs oh my god I'm so scared
anyone know why I'm part of that area
the things that we do for each other I
got it no was bad
I got all my plan I will set me in an
area I can't film raise your imagination
that's what we teach on this channel
some imagination
I wanna say don't try this at home but
you gotta try it that's not good healthy
so now we're actually moving on I've got
something a little bit more intense you
guys look like the new Newt nowadays
terminator I love how you ask if I want
to get shot at are you nuts
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
good shot Oh
break it today yeah
anticipation is the worst it's like
worse than the actual a big boy
someone has invaded I don't know if you
guys notice about Fallon but she's a
little possessed well during this house
oh my god they're crazy
oh look honey honey here's your little
now ready now go wow what a kid can't
say what a kid can say no they go use
the ball instead of the butter now
you're doing the main thing they do it
yes we're doing the big bad Sam we're
doing in the bag hands now stir it and
stir it and stir it and serve it and
stir it the fountain I just made maple
brown sugar chocolate chip coconut
cookies and it's not and I said hey
Charles it does smell like french toast
I said hey Charles we tried bite and so
instead he tries to give to his oh and
he's like no she's not gonna bite it not
gonna bite it
that's gross
then again I let my dog kiss my face I
probably shouldn't say anything no stop
it
so before we end the night with playing
some hangman and Ali is freaking out
right now
the famous person okay here we go
Carol autumn an automobile mobile it's
your right so mobile all right guys well
hope you enjoyed today's video we're
gonna go right now so I will see you
guys tomorrow all right bye guys you
were right oh I'm glad to save one
that's so nice that's imaginable
I know this way oh oh you just kill
