good afternoon internets when you're
finally back in st. Petersburg and
finally stationed at our home and not
traveling I know I really shouldn't be
complaining too much because Charles has
been traveling really straight how
pretty much it feels like three months
straight and I've only been traveling
for like a week but my voice is going
I'm tired but I'm really happy that we
did playlists and we went to New York I
didn't turn back that was a lot of fun
we met a lot of amazing people and I am
so kind of getting accustomed to this
whole lifestyle and to playlist and
meeting all of you guys but I have to
tell you that it was so much fun and we
appreciate you so much and you know to
all of you that we saw in to all of you
that we did not mean we love you thank
you so much for watching and that's how
I'm going to start this video off
as it seems every freakin day there's
something wrong with these damn things
so I've been calling all morning to see
who could possibly come help fix this
thing I didn't really I'm honestly I've
never been more frustrated something my
entire life I really know something ever
that actually be here
some reason or another I cannot Peter
this dancing out because now look
everything looks all sad and wilting
pissed off I guess when all else fails
and the machines let you down
Do It Yourself damn machines
this is ridiculous look at this
everything's dying all that all the work
that we put into all this stuff is not
dying so frustrating over there
typically I Drive when we go and do
anything during the day when I said nope
I drove way too much this past weekend
so Kalin's driving and we're trying to
get to this place to go have lunch
because you know the trial the
contraption that they're doing in Tampa
it's literally on GPS like it hasn't
been updated yet so every single time it
tells you to go certain way it's like
there's a roadblock there so you're
actually getting just a brute because
it's not the right way Oh guys you ever
come sample just watch out for that road
work don't get it never follow Maps
never follow the goop Google Maps never
full of Indians better learn how to get
the new route yeah well obviously
they're behind on that the interstate
now why might you turn
this is ridiculous
happy Monday afternoon I like one gummy
bears
you are beautiful Kaitlyn you're
beautiful this right thing so it's nice
when we get home you can just do this
and kind of chill relax you know expand
their brains
you guys are brand-new to the videos I
don't know if you guys know I can't
drive matters month due to a medical
condition so this is my only form like
getting anywhere and kind of driving I
guess it you well and to be completely
honest more fun anyway so we are back
home obviously you know this because
I've been saying it all day temples for
me about traveling is the fact that you
have to unpack when you come home and I
have a big issue with doing that but
guess what today I accomplished that
task got all of my packing ons on and
usually it looks like her house has had
a tornado - that that's gone through it
a bomb has gone off something awful and
it's not that bad because I've tried to
clean up just a little bit it's still
getting a little bit better but Charles
was even surprised
I never unpack crazy thing is with
Australia I didn't fully unpack from
there fully unpacked from Australia
until just before I went to New York
that's how bad it was
that's how bad I am I doing this going
on here
like golf carts are more fun because you
can just do things like that obeying the
laws of the road
I've gotta say in the past this has been
2 months now
have been preferring crazy we did our
New Zealand do we do Australia then we
did the whole tour you know then we went
home with went at Rebecca they were at
the playlist always and I think like 2
months so as you'd imagine I'm pretty
exhaustive traveling and I think this
weekend we have another show and then we
got to get ready for Warped Tour which
is what the two or three more months and
it's been a lot of traveling but the
cool thing is that as I'm traveling all
over the place
I keep hearing our song on the radio
which is black at abdi know which is
probably the coolest thing ever for me
I've never had a song that I've been a
part of on the radio so this is the
first time that's ever happened and as
you can imagine it's such a surreal and
amazing thing it's so cool that you guys
keep shoes aming and taking screenshots
and all that stuff and sending it to me
because a lot of times I don't actually
get to hear it which is funny because I
don't have I don't usually listen to the
radio I know that sounds stupid but I
don't it's so nice just be home for a
little bit and hang out with the pups
driver on the golf cart and just sleep
in my own bed eat home-cooked meals
which I mean who am i kidding it's just
always gonna be home cook pizzas little
things that make you feel so much better
there's only so much you know hotel
stuff that you could actually do before
you go a little bit crazy I spend all
that time watering the stupid lon and
now it's gonna rain
of course what are you doing you're
reading from the chest can't
okay so just justify it this is
recyclable but I'm just kind of
wondering why you don't have it out and
you're just reading touch the trash I
don't want to touch it
have you noticed today that your ability
to speak is kind of altered I'm just
that's my point
mine has been I've been trying to say
things I'm like god I don't even make
sense right now I'll give you I'll give
you all my shoes I'll give you my cute
little heeled wedges I'll give you my
booties desmos ketchup oh forget it I'll
give you this is why we can befool look
at this okay oh cool
good job honey I'm glad you saved one
that's so nice now just imagine we had a
pool though would be like 14 times
before I know well why do you have to go
this way oh you just killed the beetle
no he's over here you killed him you
just killed the beep you killed the
beetle it's not dead
did you feel the shame I put them away
Marley which door are you in hey this
one
nope this one oh there you are what
doing that we're so cute we were just
putting dishes away together
now we're loading the dishwasher
together this is such an exciting
romantic moment in our relationship
here's the thing though I was running
this this morning I didn't wash those
yet I apologize
are we seriously ricotta guys this is
the first time we're actually we're
gonna fight on camera I think you need
with a camera way you know what you know
what we just did an epic so epic of a
trip to the store that is so fast
couldn't bring the camera was that epic
you're like pissed like in and out yeah
feel pretty good ally saw Iceman by the
way I Tribeca over never doing almost
interviews three say making eye contact
I think he knew that I knew we would but
I don't want to do that I think just
watch the videos
who are kidding he was like BAM feeling
dizzy
yeah thanks man watch these videos
totally thanks man
how's it going you were actually my
favorite x-man so we should hang out and
talk while you start painting more so
that we have more paintings around
we have those canvases in the house in
spirit guys give her inspiration in the
comments tell her something that she
should paint other than me I think I
should you should be paying a giant
portrait of me or you can get a rug
these are the ones that robot doesn't
like though a robot makes sure that dog
fur is gone every day every time we wake
up there is no dog fur it's the best
robot I've ever met I did a lot of
robots I love this store because they
always have one of these random ass
sections of clearance so you can get
grapes seashell lady okay a grass rabbit
oh okay that makes sense
Oh driving home you look at this drawing
cloud doesn't that right there actually
look like it might be the start of a
tornado you guys see the road looks like
it's on fire no this is like the start
of a scary movie that is so spooky and
love it was I just kidding Alli just
made healthy chicken nuggets
hmm no condensed crappiness your mayor I
ain't got red red pepper the cayenne
pepper in there but third in evolution
plastic
I lucked out she loves the cup so that
means I don't have to all the times I
know fish I remember when you we first
got an x-rated name maybe orange Tanner
yes that's a bitch again
yeah it's the power couple things like
you can make food and it's awesome and
then when you don't want to I make food
it's a win-win what are you doing
oh you crack me up dude
all right Internet we are heading off to
bed char's in the shower and we're gonna
go watch a scary movie while I'm gonna
force him to watch a scary movie but if
you guys have read anything he's so much
for watching don't forget to hit that
subscribe button if you guys have been
around and hanging out and you like the
video and you want to keep liking the
video hit that thumbs up and I Dan charm
and Zoey in my early andy'll
tomorrow we love you goodnight we'll see
you tomorrow
well I'll be
hey man look I'm like a snap that
builder
