hey man look I'm like a snapshot filter
good morning Internet we're starting the
day with a giant panel so yep I'm tired
last day here at playlist I think we
have this and we ever meet up like in an
hour after this i think i could do
universal with everyone so it might be a
pretty cool day
this is a cheat sheet quick which one am
I it's a yearbook I like it nope
actually there's a trick question that's
when I shaved my head I shaved my head I
just grew back this group back and just
you know really quick at that and yeah
actually my name is Bart Baker how you
guys doing we're just waiting for bart
no big deal you guys having fun to
playlist you're crying stop crying no
crying allowed where's your head this is
Sophie's glasses what you guys think
Thank You person I like to do an yo
string monkeys hey guys Matt Santoro
here I just took over the blog for
Charles for a moment because she's busy
signing some stuff but there's a couple
girls here that are crying and I wanted
to get the million blog because they've
been watching him for six years how long
guys been watching for six years wow so
you've been through a lot with him Wow
and you're about to meet him you're very
emotional obviously are you excited it's
all happening don't freak out don't
freak out he's a cool guy I promise you
make me cry was your hands
30 what's your favorite part about his
videos oh my god himself again I don't
remember the last prophet saw me happy
did you make you happy and smiling all
that beautiful human right no more fried
all right the what's your name Brianna
that's right but yes what is it you
coach yellow thing I oh
oh I would be in coaching
yeah six years hey man look I'm like a
snapshot filter
I
get a different one am I gonna photo if
you feel the great Coachella
I gotta sign that yeah lets me do bigger
I'll your snapchat filters
you
you
like please just take us a picture of us
please but no Charles Aquino 1 i'm going
to go ahead and I'm gonna make a video
instead and selfie totally selfie mode
right there char gum man every picture
you like cages wait it's frozen 12 it's
a media your chairs that video now
you're so funny so you know that's the
joke i always do like your older sister
yes that's actually her mother really i
said so we might have just got the rules
kid I've ever seen my entire life by
this lovely lady right here named Joey
so she's actually giving us a lot of
stuff before I'll have to show you guys
more later but she wrote a mate that's
almost kind of like one of those golden
books it was ok democratic that's very
clever so cool
arkadin give it to her village every
we're so happy
kayden making people cry over there and
she gave me this fort or so I'd actually
I get to see your silly face all the
time I know how much you miss each other
Oh
so we just did the siding which I think
was not too terrible i think was about
three hours and watched a little bit of
The Plain White T's and that we just ran
up to the room I apparently the vlog
didn't upload so I had to run back up
here and get that vlog uploaded because
get mr. dead guys anyway I was snoring
over there being annoying yep that's all
no honey no no no we're debating if you
want to go to universal because there's
a tired it would suck not to because
it's like right there and it's free
pleading get little passes so it's like
closed to the public which is kind of
cool so be kind of worth going there
just factoring in the exhaustion part
right now in that book I gotta show you
guys that book alright guys we're just
gonna have a little reading story time
right now I want my camera back by Zoe
Adams if lost what's your name wants
their book back I want my book back and
when we came today I so yeah I want
everything that my camera is gone I want
it back that's me being sad because I've
lost my camera again have you seen McKay
no I haven't seen you came okay thank
you anyway that's me that's uh have you
seen my camera no I haven't seen your
camera's ready okay thank you he's my
camera no why you asking me I haven't
seen I've seen any cameras anyway I
would not steal a camera don't ask me
any more questions okay thank you when
he still has chains on his pants Shay
have you seen my camera I haven't seen
anything all day I had been trying to
upload visible hug have you seen it my
camera I saw a caiman once it was white
and square apparently so we could talk
have you seen my camera what is the
camera thank you anyway that's Marley
that's money this is a good old kid book
will see this where we have kids good
sounds like a plan Stan really nice
Charles dress what's the matter I have
lost my camera nobody has seen it what
does your camera look like it's black
and rectangular and dun dun dun I have
seen my camera oh you have apparently
look at this realization look there we
all are but that's everyone
this thing yeah who's missing an fo you
figured I would see my camera you stole
my camera Jani Duncan I love my camera
hell of the way it ends it was okay New
York Times it was okay I please go by
please it's so beautiful come on through
thanks for let me set out franchise are
so I just goes here yet peace look at
that sky holy mackerel could totally I
meant to say holy moly kortoli but macro
came out instead so since we're here and
Ben's gone we came to walk Jesse for him
Jesse come here Jesse come here oh look
at you you're the worst guard dog ever
get the worst guard dog in the world
you're such a good girl alright will you
want to go princess you want to show me
where your dad takes you to poop
is this it the nice yard since I
couldn't go to the show unfortunately
because you know doing playlist live Ben
and the guys by the way it's Travis's
birthday to bending the guys you'll have
a show i think in jersey right now since
we're in orlando so we figured we you
know hey old Jesse take her out and go
bathroom well Ben he gets back tomorrow
morning I think oh so that's what you
pop okay even the camera to bug I don't
where is it why is it biggest thought
this is tys the camera so cute come back
Jason dozen dozen I'm trying to talk to
the doc
marley get out of package Marley
I'm watching it I give up oh my god that
was funny hey hey hey I know her for a
long time should I hey oh I know but a
week tomorrow yeah yeah so obviously
could tell we decided to go home we were
wanting to go to universal we were just
so burnt out and we got home and the
first thing we noticed is I don't know
if you can tell I'm Marley right there
yet you that she's got a nice little
back roll alone right now its way so
looks like my mom got a nice and plump
going to Grandma's house and she comes
back nice and fat guys well anyway I
hope you enjoyed playlist through the
eyes of the CTFxC i'm going to call it
an early night i will see you bright and
early tomorrow guys and have a great
night by us you wanted to keep going but
couldn't wait time you're going to try
to that it's not the chapter
I mean you look awesome is it easier
easier y'all mad dog look Cooper good
