I actually really did district far as
this Longview yeah but I know I'm gonna
kill you I'm gonna kill you the fact
that that wasn't recording
oh stop I love you sorry look at that
jellyfish sting that's cool why always
so funny okay
what happened in here would you do
water top they take it off
it's up I could throw my hair I was
nothing at Bandra is this for all that
freaking silly string Holly does that
like what I say bye billion she likes
where I'm the burly man I love it is so
weird
we're obviously heading to playlist
right now I'm trying to get you to
Cygnus bed no car I love you well I
wasn't see I don't think anyone is
caring right now because you attacked me
the silly string a big beginning of the
morning did you know I was setting up my
jellyfish tank the memories that you
brought back from behind I did meet I
was in kindergarten I was there sounded
really bad
this little Ryan literal redhead Ryan
used to pull my hair and what time you
pulled it tied it to the seat and cut it
you tied it to the seeing so this is why
you don't wear down and you're not gonna
play that bleep on same right man
what kind of car is that the trash truck
is burning trash on the side of the road
weird I guess it's like well I dumped it
screw it I'll just burn it we just got
in Orlando we just checked in and we saw
Roman and Britney and we're gonna meet
up with them right now and get some food
would you catch them call your glasses
yeah but now I get it
so we found everybody this is Liane
she's awesome
man what kind of fish is that we're
debating you can figure it out I'm
literally we have to wait till tomorrow
so we're trying to figure out this the
type of fish instead of bread to give
you pickles is it really good I mean I'm
a pickle fan so
I was choked on pickle that's what she
said I'm glad my sister didn't see that
job let's skip over it Roman that's what
it's officially a hog fishin at the hog
fish it's a member of the snapper family
there yeah I don't even fish absolutely
here's a fun little story quick story I
don't fish at all because when I was
like eight years old I was doing came
fishing or pole fishing with a friend
and he went back do you ever really say
he went back with his Pole and went
forward and I went right up my nose and
there was a worm dangling out my nose
and he pulled forward so I went like
that
and to this day I don't go fishing and
feel one of those fishing I will run the
other way that's why I'm afraid to go
fishing with you like when we go and
travel oh so it's like a real action
thing yeah yeah like reef fishing yes
official and then tap and I'm like he of
all people I would not want his fish was
officious master yeah but I could
imagine what he does there you guys go
well short story I don't forget
I've never heard it you never know I've
seen everything
you watched every lie every single fuck
one might offer to help an Internet
a day later should Roman midol we gotta
wait on the responses we prepared take
Excel tomorrow oh yeah perfect perfect
about Schmidt here we're good
totally good we found out hog finish now
we know about final hard
welcome snacks would you like some
snacks enjoy some snacks jeez Brittany
how they chopped yours up but there's
like no you can do it well she got a
wedge I got a rush this about five days
you'll see what we're talking about what
it's really really funny Roman I've been
shorted and Roman told me to do this so
it's all his idea
oh we're getting ours in three
I think I think you could come back
right how is that odd it takes a while
we're good enough let's burn out not
there we go
I'm giving him social away perfect man
it feels great just consume your voice
do you thik thanks man real stressful
day you know Ali driving me everywhere
now I got been driving me over they got
Roman over here
I'm working it I'll give you some room
now you're fine you
where you going stop come on babe are
you guys working yes sir we're actually
director that's where the we actually
officially made it to playlists guys are
downstairs trying to get Ben's stuff I
saw show you our room okay I take
observe this awesome room big love it
here's our bathroom okay now hang on I
just got to show you this just wait two
seconds until I go over and see Melissa
oh you wanna come to my suite this is
Melissa's room oh hang on let me walk
you in so this is her living room
Melissa's living room Melissa didn't you
know it's coming over her table her
chair her other chair her lamp
oh here's her giant TV Oh beautiful oh
hang on look at this giant thing out
here oh no big deal gargantuous no joke
I'm gonna be ditching Charles 90% of the
time okay because I'm gonna be in this
room with Melissa I'm pretty sure this
is your room I don't think so but wait
there's more so hang on so here we go
oh and here's her bathroom her bathroom
like
like trippy okay here you go and this is
Charles trapeze and Ally wasn't very
strong don't think so I'm pretty sure
it's supposed to be a room so if you
guys want it no you have this beautiful
room I'm quite jealous we have a yeah
I'm coming over here to get ready please
dress for your appropriate living spaces
oh there's Charles hang on let's tell
them about this amazing thing that
melissa has hey honey wow you look great
oh yeah beautiful is that French life
right now
this is totally nope nope nope nope no
sexy doesn't work for you right and
here's Melissa's gorgeous view beautiful
virus yeah what do you think about this
guy's awesome awesome right awesome this
is Jay right here gobble of it right
there we have a balcony too babe we just
came from across the hall son of a bitch
this is your room have it no stop
messing up your house what's your deal
no we just we just decided that when the
guys go to bed this is where I'll head
ah did you see that that's clever this
really is a hotel room
we're all hanging out at Melissa's room
right now and she's got a nice little
view of Disney's fireworks because now
the fireworks are gone I swear I saw
fireworks
my sister's coordination okay go to the
opposite you are going to hit your head
on that doorframe hey there we go
sorry sir I would just let him tire
countdown he's asleep well tonight
daddy's down so I guess we're going to
the party right now for a little bit so
we're all crazy right now
but guys it's Caitlyn's birthday
birthday happy birthday to Caitlyn mercy
she's all glory
the birthday girl
coming like right now I can I went ahead
of them just beat the rush if you guys
are our playlist please go check out our
schedule we have two or three panels and
our meetup is Sunday if not hope you
guys watch the videos and you guys will
live vicariously at playlist live this
is like kind of fun why I do these I
will see you guys tomorrow as always bye
yes we're getting ready to watch this
movie
hi
