goodbye goodbye goodbye New York you
beautiful little concrete jungle good
morning Internet
so today is the last day here in New
York we're doing press for the foggy
memory we got Bobby he's dangling off
oh he's basically telling us right now
whatever price that New York City now we
got to go talk about the movie all day
which is very easy and fun because I
loved it so much
plus we just like to talk about
ourselves so you know it's like it
wasn't very I think was VidCon I always
say this like we had to do a panel I was
about nothing I was supposed to do
they're like I don't know just talk then
they just gave us two mics to shave hot
though what are we talk we spent around
on our chairs we reminisce a good time
have you ever had that panel we talked
about probably nothing what we thought
up 20 or 30 minutes you know give this
to microphone sneaky chat at you
hi I'm about to get makeup on my face
for the beard I shocked you
so I'll sit here who's your name Sean
Sean Sean like how you said that to you
elongated this is Sean he's gonna try to
make me look better
how do you contour nose this is a nose
contouring one on one this is making my
nose with more strong it's making it
look defined also I have a nose to make
sure everyone knows I have a nose the
nose is there it's there yeah
perfect yeah just in case and those
bright lights guys sometimes the no
Michael Jackson I went he had a really
defined not a big nose and then I do
it's never defined it I said I never
defined I kept forgetting every day
every shoe every shoes like that like
post edits or like dammit who can you
spot
very
let's bring it in yep that's it hey guys
this is the most awkward angle I've ever
vlog yet but we're trying to vlog while
this gentleman over here is taking
photos so my casing we are just talk
talk talking along right now and Daddy
what's your favorite food
I like black olives which I know is
polarized oh it actually really is kind
of funny that's our friends like you
will I know this is gonna be an
interesting angle that's shade shadow of
ping so that's what you look like Shay
huh so just speaking your mind just
whatever comes to mind you just talk to
the camera and it was it was very
therapeutic and it really helps with you
reading comments too and see people are
like you know so-and-so is going through
this too you know I mean maybe like okay
we're not all over all this giant group
together of suckage pretty those all
stocks for everybody so but it was kind
of it was kind of a nice situation the
kind of group things with their moments
where you just felt like you didn't
want to turn it on but then you felt
like obligated to anyway I would say
every day and every day but like there's
a lot of times obviously I mean we
always talked about like think about
things
my favorite video that Shane has another
you guys having those teeth hurts it's
towards the beginning of I was over at
the beginning of the Shaytards and it's
just with her feet hanging over the
water and Shane's just like this and
he's like come on like that called Frank
cool amazing
I don't video today yeah I was like a 40
second video this was like day nine of
me like I'm gonna make a video every day
and it's day nine and it's like six
o'clock at night and I don't have a
video I'm like what do we do it's my
favorite one but yeah there's how how
you feel yeah something what could I
show that might be like fun that's how
I'd just like have my feet over this
little stitch basically outside the
radio station I was working out yeah
I've been doing YouTube for like getting
a job as I'm 18
when I was 15 14 when I really started
making videos and like I wasn't making
money on YouTube - like a year - so you
were helping three when you got your
first check 16 16 16 and I had a job as
a lifeguard and there's a point where
like I would come home from my car you
have like Sun poisoning and problems and
like I had bad sunburn everywhere and I
was like feeling terrible a little bit I
go to that I was working two jobs
basically yeah and it was more incoming
like my parents going yeah let's take
this seriously and like they started to
take it seriously with me and once they
did I felt like comfortable enough to
search any a series of myself that you
like the commenters you guys worried I
mean obviously many people who loved you
but do you worry about stuff that people
say oh you like help it does it like
impact we make videos or I I think I
said the last time you I've been doing
struck 11 years and I don't think
there's anything specific something to
say to me - I'd be like wow I hurt it's
it's gotten to a point to where like I
just don't like seeing it where they say
something about my family or somebody
else that's new to the videos it'd be
like you know like you meet somebody
trying to introduce them in your life it
was your try your introducing them to
the vlogs but okay it's Mikey my new
friend you know everyone say hi and then
it'll rip them apart and that's where I
kind of get got to stay that night
Rieger like saying and I just I find
that more offensive and that scares me
more I think with the comments and the
fact that they would attack each other
you guys didn't do it like you've been
neutrals like a lot of years you guys
been doing it for a while you have to at
this point like do you think there's
room for people to start and get big at
this point still or absolutely no wait a
minute Canada you know sorry we took all
the six what is this we took all this
stuff we have all
you know it's tougher now like obviously
yeah you can that's the great thing
about YouTube I think 120 perfect on a
sample like he's younger he's now
starting up Emily three years and even
we didn't start this for money one of
the main reasons we all started it was
to create and to connect and to have a
voice somewhere you know on this new
space yeah if you start now to try to
make money doing this you know case of
Morgan Freeman
I'm leaving peace out blogging mentary
Pete we find out about movie where let
you guys there we go you'll see it yeah
so it's coming coming soon to a theater
near you there we go
so how did you get involved in this yeah
well this is a project that was started
a few years ago by shaycarl and Cory
Badal and they had an IndieGoGo campaign
that raised a bunch of money and they
went out and shot interviews with
vloggers including Charles some of I
guess what would be considered og
bloggers now I'm about 2 or 3 years ago
they shot almost 200 hours of Talking
Heads footage with these with these
vloggers and then about a year ago Shay
met up with Morgan Spurlock and said hey
will you help us turn this this footage
into a movie and Morgan who I work with
frequently brought me on to to do just
that so I went through that footage some
of those interviews were very useful to
the to the film that I was someone out
and shot a lot of new material new
verite and a lot of new interview
footage too to try to tell the story to
try to try to humanize the story of the
rise of vlogging as this major
entertainment platform I actually
started vlogging with Charles when I
started dating him I actually had no
idea about the blogging world whatsoever
before
started dating Charles did you actually
did he not mention it in your first date
no actually for a while yeah I wasn't
right for a while when we first started
talking you know obviously it was one of
the things that he did pour out was that
he he blocked I remember you saying
something to be like this is gonna come
off a little weird but what I do is and
then you said I filming I like every
single day so it was interesting because
I didn't know that's I'm YouTube I was
like YouTube I think you mentioned it
yesterday in the channel
you thought it was like I go much music
video the exact same I had about YouTube
so I didn't understand that there's this
whole different world where there was
actually people who were filming their
lives or doing challenges or showing
people how to do makeup cuz they what do
you snooze I never wanted to actually be
in the vlog so it's a little but
reddleman it was so difficult piece of
something to squiggle me out if I ever
came into a clip so we booked me this
decision that it would be so much easier
on him and I just been bullet yeah and I
love it I do I really really love it hey
guys so we're leaving press and we got
to go to LaGuardia and hope we're
actually heading home early I gotta say
we've only been here like two days but
every time New York it's just
it just feels like it's exhausting I
mean granted we did a lot of stuff lots
of little days but it would be nice to
go home kind of just relax in Florida
you know kind of calmness that is
Florida but here's the thing today we
get home to the next day we're going to
playlist live so it just starts right
back up again see you later bye Bobby
thank you sir
I have no idea what we just did put it's
over two and a half hours to get here
from where we were until LaGuardia we
literally just ran worst I think you've
ever had to run to get on a plane what
time is it now actually six twelve six
twelve it wasn't 6:30 that's the worst
I've ever done at home almost yes we're
like halfway home I'm just waiting for
the car damn it
well that wasn't good you see that back
there that's how we time it sees let's
talk about amazing service made that it
was an interesting day it was all press
so that's why today was a lot of those
weird interviews and stuff but I hope
you guys enjoyed it it was kind of like
another way of for me to express myself
without talking to the camera because
it's kind of nice you know do like
interviews like that and have you guys
so that flies on the wall because it's
different I feel like I couldn't like
say things differently than just talking
to the camera I don't know if that makes
any sense it probably doesn't
tomorrow is playlist I'm really really
excited because good to see everyone
it's always fun it's always a fun
adventure today I didn't want to bring
it down and talk to you guys about at
the beginning of the day but last night
around like thing was like 8:00 in the
morning this morning okay this morning
I love 7:45 I had another seizure I
didn't want to bring it up at the
beginning of the day because I didn't
want to like bring down the video I
didn't want to bring down myself with
that knowing burden because it was
actually a long time was like two and a
half months since the last one so here's
the progress thank you so much once I
find really well recovered really well
is what we think so yes want food
yeah this one it's what this is the one
that takes care of me see you guys
tomorrow hopefully I'll see a lot of
guys that playlist good to be home
I hope you have to join everything vlog
you memory is done and what I hear is
like I think Morgan said the videos that
it should be coming out very soon and
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video and we'll see you soon
well Thomas
alright bye guys we're getting ready to
watch this movie hi
ocular
