guess where we're going today good
morning Internet today we're going to
the Statue of Liberty this is gonna be
the first time I've actually ever gotten
tickets to go and it'll be the first
time Ali's ever get cuttin it goes well
right hey we're gonna try to go to a
little bit earlier because we have log
in metairie premiere around seven or
eight so we want to try to do as many
things as possibly can yep and girl goes
awkward how I just say Diane will put
your finger off his copper monster
that's where we're going I'm getting
flashbacks to Alcatraz right now piling
understable
not even a charter boat first many
people that are here and then we're all
going to an island it's a rock so kind
of like they were saying the napkins
like bad i know a lot faster than me out
crazy to think about like Evelyn
great-great grandfather and grandmother
there's or but it's kind of interesting
this is made in America but that
definitely was not made in America all
right here we go it's like a reasonable
one
really so scary to get on top of that
and just stand up back right now we are
inside the pedestal for the elevator you
should have an 11-play to series eleven
looks like we're gonna let this place is
here like this so we're going to
actually go up on the pedestal I
couldn't get the crown tickets if you're
sold out doing some timber October next
time this is actually inside the Statue
there is a foot the galleys that would
ghostbusters the first one that moves
right there can't we kind of a couple of
you we're gonna throw down there or
something actually see it down
tremendous plaque walking and looking up
is giving me my over to go I've gotta
say though I don't think the pedestal is
quite worth it if you've always wanted
to see this I think is going on again
teja undercarriage yeah with your own
accord however I will say that being
able to look up its helical it's kind of
cool but it's almost a tease
I would do the crown or I would just go
down there were all these smart people
are doing but I guess that we can get
ringing yeah we can go anywhere can't
get all that all we can go to the star
okay we could do that sir converse Spain
France and it was those three countries
wrong poking each other that that
Congress is trying to be neutral train
we didn't want to fix on with any there
you go honey look just like it
dedication to the crown this is a much
better view
imagine going in the crowd do you see
people in there I want to do that the
next for the Cloverfield monster bit
your head off out here down man happy
trail right very very factual
information on my server he's an asshole
definitely it's actually quite beautiful
did it did it did it did it did it it a
doo doo doo doo I want you guys to tell
me how many and where a statue of
liberty's there are in the world not
like the little miniature like toys or
something like that but actual statue of
liberty's and you can't include Vegas
and whoever get the right because i had
a thumbs up in the comments
you
I lost you alas do he runs off you find
something he's like blue a bird I gotta
go Oh baby I gotta go I don't know if
you've been noticing this but when we
travel a lot more Ali and I get really
into snapchat if you guys have one I
would have pause the video right now and
what you take your phones take a photo
or snapchat of it and it will add us I
think it adds automatically I'll put our
I think it's when you scan it and then
I'll put her name underneath so that we
can follow us on snapchat because when
we go travelling together we go crazy on
snapchat it's kind of fun kind of like a
pre blog so velocity right now if you're
totally confused about these all you
have to do is open snapchat hold it down
and it automatically add it super easy
and sneaky this is why I love Ali's hair
so much
just flying all over the place i love it
doesn't mind of its own okay keep track
of it I give up if you can't tell i have
drawn their cast they need to take your
seat kids just coming in taking seeds so
i guess they're going to a movie called
documentary we are going to blog through
this whole process we're at a pre-party
guys he started this movie and then
shave
we have the YouTube
I am excited nervous relax now that
we're all here at school the person
though this movie's been to brasa for
bail
listen because of
better story more things about we get
ready to watch this movie hi
and he prepare
it was really hard obviously we saw a
little bit
here goes out oh I don't know the video
oh hello this is okay engine victim i
was enough this is for you too I'm
totally yeah
strike a pose dead
turning out pretty amazing how do you
feel beside your red carpet experience
in a long time I'm really excited yeah
I'm super excited I can tell
again I'm really bad at this vlogging
situation so I have my what's going on
where is my hand don't even know who I
114 out here they just they drove down
from Toronto and he was in LA we were
driving on the 90 getting off to go to
Venice Beach and he's like hey what do
you what are you doing what he workin on
it I was like dude I'd like to make a
movie about how this became our job
right because not a lot of people knew
that you can make money as you saw they
rarely talk about it in the movie people
know what YouTube is but they don't know
about this community you know they don't
they don't know like the drastic amount
of like light that's going on and just
like the people who are making a living
out of us we brought in mr. magnet esto
he makes me directly the film when I
came on i really knew absolutely nothing
about vlogging I thought YouTube was
just where you went to figure out how to
unclog drains and look at all Fiji's
videos and things you know just looking
at this watching the vlogs and I watched
many many blocks before I even
understood what was happening my first
reaction was who are these people and
why are they after my job and how are
they getting so many millions and
millions of fans and viewers what's
happening here there's a real connection
happening here and I wanted to just
really get granular about that I'll che
and his amazing
it isn't cool that's amazing rise to
prominence from being a you know a
couple in rural Idaho to two mega stars
and very very successful business people
it's a tremendous an American success
story that I think it only happened
today in the case of Charles you have
somebody who's blocking his everyday
life and that really resonated for me as
a documentarian because really what
people who do this are saying is that
real life matters it's dramatic there's
something to say and everybody can can
join the party and I thought that was
like this is a tremendous sea change in
entertainment to really be off with an
idea to show your stars and nobody has
shown more scars is evident desculpe
than you literally other I'd love to
hear like where was that moment where
you said and you were like this is just
this is why I am I have to do this as
you were shooting every day you're doing
it every day it was like this is not a
choice it's just who I am it looks like
habitual this is so much fun when you
beat everyone like here and it's just so
much fun I don't know how many how many
now blogs today has it been how many
total how was he seeing it for the first
time on the screen it's a beka why I was
in the back that's tearing up they'll be
completely honest is that's an asshole
all those question I just want to add I
mean you really post every single day
I'm not a wood and one thing that didn't
make into the cut was Charles and Ally
as we were going to do that pony ride or
I think we're going to lunch or
something and you were freaking out
because everyone people actually wait
for it's almost like you know a TV scoop
from the upload to happen the same time
every day there are also spoiled about
no matter what's going on I mean think
about anything you try to do every day
of the week maybe you know work out or
something like that and how easy it is
to skip that he never skips it and it
was incredible you guys somehow posted
your blog from a call from a moving car
yeah good a mobile bill now on foot but
it is it's definitely not me I got
amazing people like I said in a believe
it she helped me so much Ali speed
helped me so much with so many things
just everyone hears the support system I
think this time I've been a little bit
more open about things I try to hide
like how I feel because I feel like I
want to be a little bit cooler quote
honest I guess like if I feeling shitty
I'm just gonna say I'm feeling shitty
nice about it and then you know they try
to hide a match I you should always try
to be this Charles Trippy on camera guy
God and it's a character and I didn't
want to be a character d what I wanted
to be kind of myself a little bit more
and I mean that sounds very simple but
it's very hard if you do this for like a
long time as anyone like Robin Hood
surfactant 11 years then become this
character and you lose yourself I think
those views that I can lose yourself in
the moment but with your family and you
got to back yourself up a hippy shake
our little more you got to back yourself
out I'm trying to feel that I think I
really kind of kind of changed that a
little bit more a lot of myself to be a
little bit more honest with
and how I feel and Ali's helped me a lot
with that and one thing I do want to say
before admit it actually wasn't in the
Edit when she came to the surgeries I
want to say Qasim flew all the way out
and surprise me as well that was a very
emotional part for me so thank you in
the general everyday like are you doing
and we all say great but really we're
all suffering inside right we all have
some issue that we're dealing with and
you know we have this Facebook culture
where it's like you want to post the
best parts to your life right because
it's like I'm doing good so I'm
successful you like you to watch yeah I
don't want to lose people but like how
do you know the other kid in the future
where you don't care about you know if
you were to know in a hundred years from
now what would you care about you know
probably not anything that you were
worried about today when you lost a
bunch of subscribers at once I was
wondering what made you decide to keep
going forward in a positive way that you
did and kind of like addressing those
rumors the way you did I'll be
completely honest I don't know i was
actually about to hang up the camera
aren't you smash the camera at the
computer ali west right down there
actually was the one person that
convinced me to keep doing the shooting
want me to be the person that just
stopped because of all the negativity
and uh I was just I was honestly I'll be
completely honest I've talked to Shay
stuff I was done I mean at that point I
was just I think I said kabuki is this
like at this point you do eight years
you shared everything and then all of a
sudden people just turn on a rumor and
it's just at that point I was just like
I'm done and it was like this do I
really want to waste my time doing this
kind of stuff for somebody kind of will
just turn on you like you can only stand
in the back is how I essentially felt
and after talking without income that's
honestly the sole reason want to get
doing this that's why
still doing this I put first over the
motivation for doing this as youtubers
when someone sees us they meet us in
person i'm meeting what they watch their
meaning the person that they is you know
us you're brilliant
I gotta show you guys something really
quick my wife leave it she is getting
taller no got it got those got those
heels else both all of you guys look at
all you guys are gonna dwarf me I'm
gonna be the small guy after party for
documentary let me do some special
lighting here hey there's a special
lighting what are you doing their head
it's over we did it finally vlog you
memory is now out and I think it came
out amazing way they I loved it like
really eye opening for the YouTube
community or and for more for other
people right absolutely there's awesome
the world all over the place what all
over the place but anyway hope you guys
enjoyed today's video I know is for the
action-packed we went to Statue of
Liberty all that stuff this is why I was
telling you guys earlier when I was
doing the snapchat that that's why it's
good luck the pre blogs for the vlogs I
will see us tomorrow as always and
tomorrow suppressed day or something so
i will goodnight guys by here for blogs
matter know you well you minute this
would blow your berries in there come on
babe sing it
we're trying to tell our stories I'll
Sara Bareilles Gotham driving it just
you just dig I got a fan
