so good morning internet we leave for
New York
like 915 okay honey came here hands
Marion mmm your hand right now talking
to you your schedule is easier yeah
talking to you okay I'm not like to put
over it shake think so can I see your
purse please youngest sit chick thank
you tiny these two mm-hmm you have the
massage that's eventually interview what
we're sitting here waiting to get on to
the plans for the new york and i was
just observing char hazard
eyelash in his eye and then he said he
found a Marlin here on my face and I
said well I found another white hair on
the cheek but she always thought the
girls like brave under his right eye but
look at this when we turned it sideways
is he ready to be an old man it's right
there booty call
crazy don't need it I gotta tell you
that sorry can't feel like you can't
really am you know I gave it the best
you can yeah we yep that's it like that
okay that's it that's it a giant one are
you that you look for is growing I can't
tell who you hand I think you got it
where'd you are you through to my seat
we can't even sure the others but that's
it right there it's the miracle girl
hair with you it's the first time I'll
he gives us in the first class
whatever leavin services
to what won't ever undo that surfaces
that's all things that even
but I think it's wet
so this is what it's like you get to
window in lake room I've never had the
crew like I ain't never had legroom like
I can do this I can never do this oh
yeah that's true here's this is
immigrants a lot wider it was hard to
sleep all that sugar get ready to bounce
I'm so sorry would you like me ask them
to remove it first class ian i know it's
ready how about i just laid down on the
ground you can just lay on top movie
jump in lay underneath so you can put
your feet up on top of me closer dunno
oh it's group so I don't think we'll
survive I'm Superman usually we're
sitting right on top of each other
because they want to say
you
thank you oh so cool that's the next of
you oh my god it's so pretty it's like I
mean it's concrete jungle for sure but
super concrete jungle this it's really
pretty this city I think it's gonna kill
Ali like her anxiety it's completely I
don't really get anxiety much but the
city is given a dude like driving
situation is killing me and then I saw
that older lady riding that bike it
seals it I was like oh god please woman
you should not be writing that pie they
almost destroyed my hands squeezing it
so much but this is a nice little view
okay gonna kick you out oh the girl so
anyways there's new york this is a bed
this is a body look here's another buddy
here's another potty we're going don't
hit me Mike I hope my feet stay oh I
hate this please stop it over to hate
that I hate my feet tickling your punk
ass so Ellie and I I'd like to try go to
Central Park
by taking the subway without good
that's so far we're doing pretty good
subway sidestep one
in the right direction I think we are
how
she was right over here
I didn't recognize our Valley did so we
did it Central Park is right there and I
go stay in the video or LT could hear me
we were sitting next to Sara Bareilles
what's the song she sings
how's it going
cali decision so at least for Santa in
Central Park I think of some like
monumental things inside the park reply
food fight I haven't been to Central
Park in quite a long time coming here
one time there was a dude doing like
those giant bubbles this is definitely
not friends problem that wasn't anywhere
near here I'll thank and I'm pi rock is
on the other side of things but i do
remember this place
I got a question internet if a police
horse poops there's a cop as you could
stop and like pick it up or does he does
he get to this keep walking no I assume
that he's probably pretty respectful of
fact that there's people walking around
so he has to get off the horse and pick
it up soon I don't think I've ever seen
a police horse man like ever do it
though I'm just curious either I'm
getting bigger where these things are
getting smaller they're getting smaller
this is one of my favorite bridges here
seen from every movie ever you know guy
waits for girl girl waits for guy you
know love stories all that fun stuff
girl ways for guy sits down all gotta
walk send word girl check snapchat this
this is this is the scene right this is
thanks yeah definitely spot trees are so
cool look at the branches really you can
see him now cuz it's like really like
they haven't come back home hey a bubble
guy let's always talking about the
bubble guy he's just moved over here the
famous I'm pyro rock which now I get now
there's no snow I understand that
there's baseball fields here or kick
ball fields here whatever you want to
call them fields so there's rock is now
the umpire get it got it uh-uh I am so
proud who named the things that you took
all of the toughness
I took facts and put things together you
know what that kind of makes sense need
some help for them thank you sir it's
the ancient mcflurry it formed twenty
thousand billion years ago and somehow
got into the crevasse get it creve ass I
got it I think the lack of food is kind
of getting to me look at those hiking
boots those are like the worst hiking
boots right there going for the sand and
the worst place to go down of course hi
so we were walking around and if you
ever seen the movie the other guys
pooped Steve Coogan's is like office is
over there and then we got the gold
thing that overlooks if you never seen
that movie go watch the movie anyone's
for nas we ran into a random randomly
New York City it's like one of billion
one in 1,000,000,000 prob yeah I don't
I've sprayed that other anyway very nice
for you thank you everyone say to be
interested hi hey I like it works there
were there you go hey places to eat
actually right now oh yeah so very
excited and very excited nice to meet
you guys awesome much
so the suit if experiment actually saw
earlier today on the plane and it's kind
of like a little like diner and really
pull back at people but a huge menu and
with Superboy 47 it's open 24 7 Justin
you send money in New York is wondering
would or coming to New York if you're
wondering but we're getting the chicken
souvlaki which aims to be excited about
there we go
would ace who DC's here here for vlog
tomorrow you'll blow your Henry this
word vlog you better use man come on
babe sing it dry hey we're trying to
tell our story about Sara Bareilles
qasim July sing it I'm just DJ gig I
gotta stand up because there's only one
chair now you're a lady so che what do
you want to tell us about vlog you
metairie I'm snapchatting vlogging man
revisit those blog about it tomorrow at
the Tribeca Film Festival look at all
these people doesn't suck all right
internet it is time to say goodnight so
tomorrow we're going to statue liberty
and I'm really excited you excited for
that we're gonna cut the video a little
early hope you enjoy today's video so
worth it this guy's really comfortable
oh alright we'll see you guys tomorrow
good night
I'm not doing anything touching it
wait
alright
